--------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Situation of the Beginner

Phil Agre <pagre@ucsd.edu>

June 1996

This file contains 39 messages, totalling about 63Kbytes, that subscribers
(mostly) of the Red Rock Eater News Service (RRE) contributed in response
to a call for stories about the experiences of beginning computer users.
Please read and learn from the stories while respecting their personal
nature.  Each message is Copyright 1996 by its author, with all rights
reserved.  You are welcome to distribute this file, in electronic form
only, and only in its entirety, to anyone for any noncommercial purpose.
If you wish to use these messages in any other fashion, you will need to
obtain permission from each author individually.  For more information
about RRE, consult  http://communication.ucsd.edu/pagre/rre.html
or send a message that looks like this:

  To: rre-request@weber.ucsd.edu
  Subject: help

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Date: Mon, 27 May 1996 21:22:15 -0600 (CST)
From: Ron Berntson <berntson@duke.usask.ca>

I work as the librarian / network manager in a small (600 students)
high school in the middle of the Canadian prairies. We deal mostly with
students who have a long history of not coming to school. They don't "use"
computers in the sense of your question. A month ago, their activities
of choice were smoking and playing the few shareware games I put on the
network (thankfully, not at the same time). Their necessary computer
activity was often typing up a resume. Now, in addition, they like to fire
up Netscape and browse for anything and everything. They need almost no
instruction - they teach each other. My point? Design means very little;
personal context means a lot.

Ron Berntson



Date: Mon, 27 May 1996 22:47:02 -0500
From: gordo@interlog.com (Gordon Jessop)

Less than two years ago I would need my friend's assistance just to turn
a computer on and get the word processor up and running. Computers made me
feel like an idiot.

Then a year ago last September, I bought one; I spent that entire day and
evening (with no sleep) clicking and pushing buttons, just to see what
happened.

Now I own a successful software development firm that I built myself; I
actually program some of the code, scarily enough ;)

The best advice I can give (and it really helped me) is to simply push the
buttons.  See what happens when you click something... there is always the
undo command - you can't hurt the thing.

Never let the lack of knowledge slow you down... if an acronym or term
pops up that you do not understand, let it ride. It'll be explained, in
some obscure place or time, later.

cheers,
Gordon Jessop

www.remote-software.com
cut and paste cgi



Date: Mon, 27 May 1996 22:28:36 -0700 (PDT)
From: Penelope Kelly <pkelly@efn.org>

when i help people learn to use a computer, i reassure them with "i know
it's confusing, but you can learn to do it".  i taught myself everything,
because when i asked for help, i received a dismissive "there's nothing
to it ... it's easy".  all that did was make me feel stupid, because it
'wasn't easy, and there was a lot to it'. when i was a beginner i didn't
know many people who used computers, so i bought lots of books, used my
computer and learned, now it's *easy*... but i don't use that word with
beginners.  i/they know it isn't easy at first .. but they *can* learn.

penelope kelly
pkelly@efn.org



Date: Mon, 27 May 1996 22:29:07 -0700 (PDT)
From: Judi Clark <judic@manymedia.com>

When I was a beginner learning email for the first time some 12 or 13
years ago, I remember the most difficult thing to understand was the logic
of the system. It's not innate until you've been working with it a while,
and even then there are logical things that surprised me. My world wasn't
logical in the same way as computers were.

Sending and receiving mail or a file, from a remote system to another
remote system -- where was my computer in this set-up? How do I get a file
from my computer to someone else?  I felt stupid when I didn't know what
questions to ask.

My schools seem to have failed in teaching me how to think critically, how
to figure things out, or how to ask the questions to take us to the first
level of understanding.  Memorization only goes so far in a new way of
thinking, and I was never good at memorizing. It took me a while to figure
out that I needed to move my file onto my ISP's machine, then from there
to another machine.

I always try to explain the steps and what's happening at each step when
I'm working with beginners.

  judi



Date: Tue, 28 May 96 18:52:06 +1200
From: "Blair Anderson" <benefit@ibm.net>

I have a perspective and experiance that places me at the pitface so to
speak, having worked with the technologies for the past 25 years.

Everyday is a new day, Everyday I am a "beginner", Everyday is a
challenge, everyday there is pain, be it a lost file, or something falling
short of expectations..

The pleasure.. the sense of satisfaction is for the large part diminished
by the experience that soon there will be another problem. How experienced
is experienced..  well theres the rub.. there is the perception of a
constant learning curve, a constant challenge, a constant threat of
"newness" that disenfranchises all the collective wisdom thus far.. this
is reinforced by a community that "cannot hope to explain in a press
release" the constancy of change, other than make "profound" statements,
that reinforce the notion of "NEW" and "CHANGE"... drawing into doubt the
value of experience...

This is because they dont understand the business of solving problems.

The problems I solve are the same problems that I solved 20 years
ago.. they just have different wrappers.. The techniques are the
same.. the skills are the same, the resources are the same.. the
resolutions are as often as not, the same..

The experience of the beginner... is really the unrefined art of the
experienced !

It would be fair to say that I spend 80% of my effort in problem
resolution, working with the same tools and information and interim
conclusions as a beginner.. and the remaining 20% i do, out of
intuition....

The beginner is not alone..  I am just quicker!

Cheers,

Blair Anderson
International Consultant in Electronic Commerce, Encryption and Electronic Rights Management

Net Benefits Ltd.
BENEFIT@IBM.NET



Date: Tue, 28 May 1996 09:26:19 +0200
From: "Richard Ramsden" <ramsdenr@cssa.org.za>

In 1984 I was implementing integrated systems at a hospital.  The
bookkeeper of this hospital was in her seventies and had never used a
computer before.  She was very resistant.  All of a sudden we started
having a series of power-outs.  The three operating theatres on that
floor had backup power supplies but the rest of the floor would go out.
Our resistant individual always seemed to be down the passage when the
power went.  Eventually I caught her in the act of throwing the main
breaker switch.

She had selective insight into how the computer worked.  It was a Unix
system with limited battery backup.  She knew that we got agitated if it
wasn't shut down properly, and was desperately trying to shake the tree.
Although the user interface had been designed with this woman in mind she
was the only person who did not make the transition to the new systems.
Her mind had been made up the day the equipment had been installed.

Richard Ramsden
email: ramsdenr@cssa.org.za
Voice: +27 21 790-4917
Cell: 082-9005729
SMail: 11 Plumtree Avenue, Hout Bay, 7800, South Africa



Date: Tue, 28 May 1996 03:39:20 -0700 (MST)
From: Daniel Eisenberg <Daniel.Eisenberg@nau.edu>

My first computer purchase, in 1979, was a CP/M 32K computer for which
I paid $4500.  at that time there were no brand names, it was assembled
for me by someone who later, briefly, became a dealer.  While it was
an educational experience in many ways, and prepared me for later
experiences, the computer was never able to do even one of the tasks I
envisioned for it (word processing and schedule keeping).  The software
was not yet available, to make along story short.  But I was at the
time to inexperienced to know this and it performed well (aside from
breakdowns) all of the specifications that the seller had written, so
I didn't have much recourse.  I did write and publish an article about
1981 on "How I Wasted $4500 on a Microcomputer."



Date: Tue, 28 May 1996 07:21:39 -0500 (CDT)
From: Don Bass <bass@tenet.edu>

	I work as an instructional administrator in a community college
and I have found two principles helpful in dealing with beginners.

	1. Make equipment and support available to the beginner. We have
nearly 100 faculty (4,000 students) and we attempt to put equipment in the
offices of every one. We are almost complete. If equipment is available,
and a person available to answer questions, and technical support to do
installing and configuring (at the start), then there is a good chance of
success.
	In tandem with this it is helpful to establish user groups (by
topic, or software package, etc.) and to offer training.
	From this time forward, I cannot conceive of employing anyone who
is not computer literate.
	These are the same things we do to help students...provide the
environment and support. We are making a lot of progress.

	2. Do not cast pearls among swine.. I find that I waste my time
trying to talk people into being interested, or arguing about the value
of technology to someone who is emotionally opposed to learning. (i.e.
Luddites). If someone is not trying to use it, one might as well be
talking to himself/herself.People cannot learn to use this stuff or
appreciate, or understand anything about it, until they are *in* it.If
they want to argue about something that they know not, I just walk away.

	I estimate the "unclean" represent 3% of the population.... very
minimal. I suspect they don't use the telephone much either. ~:>

Don Bass
College of the Mainland
Texas City, Texas

"Every expert was once a beginner."



Date: Tue, 28 May 1996 09:04:15 -0400
From: edh@cybernex.net (Eric D. Hancock)

I remember my first experience with a computer.

It was fifth grade, and the computer was some sort of Atari (quite old).
We were in a classroom situation, learning simple programming concepts
in BASIC.  This should have been stressful, but the instructor was very
nurturing, encouraging us to experiment.

I have noticed a trend in this area.  Many people who experience computers
for the first time using DOS/Windows are told "Do this, type this, and
don't touch anything else!"  They get the impression the computers are
fragile, moody, mysterious animals.  However, people who experience
computers for the first time using Macintosh (or NeXT) are more at ease,
and are less likely to be told "Don't touch anything!"  There are, of
course, exceptions to the rule.

Just my observation.  By the way, I now program computers for a living.

E-

-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-
            edh@bc.cybernex.net  /  76502.271@compuserve.com
                   http://www2.cybernex.net/~edh/
-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-



Date: Tue, 28 May 1996 09:27:18 -0400
From: "A. Simon Mielniczuk" <simon@web.net>

Some short anecdotes about beginners & technology.

During the late 80s I was training grad students from a social work
faculty on computer applications. One of the students was a mature
woman who had returned, after several years of successful practice, to
get a graduate degree. During the largely hands-on session I noticed her
becoming increasingly aggitated. She shoke her head, clenched her fists,
exhaled heavily. I asked her, "Are you having a problem here?" "I've
spent my whole life staying away from typewriters and keyboards. Now these
things are everywhere!" Her conscious effort to avoid gender stereotyping
in order to maintain her professional status had re-bounded.

In another instance I was sent to a northern Ontario First Nations
community to introduce a community development project to basic computer
use and an online communication system that linked several such projects.
Early on it became clear that no one with the project had any computer
experience. During my tour of the community I noticed a large covered case
under an office desk. It turned out to be a very powerful PC which had
been sold to the band along with various software packages. No one could
put it together or turn it on.

--
A. Simon Mielniczuk            Information System Consultant
Toronto, Ontario Canada        Ontario Prevention Clearinghouse
http://www.opc.on.ca/~simon    http://www.opc.on.ca
(416) 408-2121 x241



Date: Tue, 28 May 1996 10:44:56 -0500
From: "Barrett L. McCormick" <blm@execpc.com>

A while ago a close friend was a support person for a Fortune 500 firm
that was upgrading a wide area network. The upgrade required users to
install Windows, which many had never used. The support was all conducted
over the phone which at times led to interesting complications. One woman
simply could not get the cursor to respond to her mouse despite days of
struggle with drivers, hardware diagnostics, re-installations and all the
usual fixes. Finally, one of the support people discovered the problem:
the user was holding the mouse upside down! Without this bit of context,
the rest of the fine diagnostic skill and instruction was useless. Which
leads me to wonder what else veteran computer users know that is not
formalized in manuals or verbal instructions. I suspect it is the vague
awareness -- or the fear -- of not knowing such things that the insiders
take for granted that makes beginners feel so stupid.

Barrett McCormick
========================================================
Barrett L. McCormick                      blm@execpc.com
Political Science                             (414) 288 6842
Marquette University/Milwaukee, WI 53233/USA



Date: Tue, 28 May 1996 14:40:43 -0400
From: Dean Esmay <esmay@syndicomm.com>

When I first started using a computer, my experience as a beginner was
different from most, because I was fascinated by them from the very start,
and learned everything I could about how to use one.

When I got to where I had to start helping others, I found that I had an
aptitude for teaching others how to use them.  I've done consultation work
as well as taught workshops, and have usually been highly praised for my
ability to put myself in beginners' shoes.

Although it sounds obnoxious, one thing that usually has helped was for
me to always assume that the person using the computer is too old to have
learned the way I did--I was a 13 year old kid who developed an early
passion for them, but I realized that most older people weren't so lucky,
and that older folks already had ingrained habits of thinking about how
things work, and would not adapt so easily.

Part of this is my age I suppose; today young people are very used to
electronics, so they tend to pick them up easier.  I still wind up working
mostly with people over 30, usually over 40, who are beginners.  The young
kids pick it up well, the older folks don't.

So the main piece of advice I always start with is, "Don't worry that
this is confusing.  It will probably take you a while to pick it up.
If you have kids, most especially don't feel bad that they seem to learn
this faster--every time I encounter someone younger than me, I'm amazed
at how much more quickly they pick up new stuff than I do.  It's just how
it works.  Remember to be patient with yourself, and that the only thing
that really will get in your way is if you let yourself get frustrated.
Getting frustrated is the one thing that'll slow you down and give you
trouble.  Just relax and have confidence--you CAN do this, and I know you
can because I've taught lots of others who started just where you are."

And all that's true--the #1 thing I've always found about people I'm
trying to teach computer use to who just aren't getting anywhere are
the people who've allowed themselves to become frustrated.  It's not a
self-esteem issue; some people with terrible self-esteem make progress.
It's the people who get angry with themselves or the computer, who simply
become frustrated because they "don't get" what's going on, who have
the most trouble by far.  The only people who are worse off are those
convinced they already know everything, and they're fortunately quite
rare.

There's one other thing I recommend for beginners--whenever possible,
I encourage them to get Macintosh systems.  There's simply no disputing
anymore that the Macs are easier for beginners to pick up, and have fewer
problems with setup and daily use than most Windows machines.  I use both
platforms myself, and have taught people to use all manner of machines,
but I think everyone on this industry ought to recognize that, despite
whatever strengths other systems may have, at least those Macs tend to
work right out of the box, and beginners learn to use them much more
quickly than other systems.  In my experience, they tend to get used more
often too--I've seen many a family buy a computer only to have it sit in a
corner, rarely used, or used only for one or two games.  I have yet to see
anyone who bought a Mac wind up in this position.

 ---

"All truth passes through 3 stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it
is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident."
						--- Arthur Schopenhauer



Date: Tue, 28 May 1996 11:43:27 -0700 (PDT)
From: Andrew Robson <arobson@uswnvg.com>

Since I got behind due to the long weekend, and have no time for
distractions from work, I am (of course) going to respond to a couple of
your recent items.

As an undergraduate in the mid 1960's, I found myself in the position of
being a teaching assistant for an elementary programming class (FORTRAN)
offered by the Mathematical Biology department and attended primarily by
MDs and post-docs.  I graded programs and did tutorials and help sessions
at the students request.

The high status and undeniable intelligence of the students did not
help them much with procedural programming.  The most basic programming
concepts were the most difficult to get across.  I spent hours explaining
IF statements and DO loops.  I became convinced that something about the
practice of medicine interfered with the ability to understand procedural
logic.  The sticking point seemed to be that the computer would only
execute the statements in a program one at a time, and would not even
consider the alternatives that were not selected.

Of course, I was spending my time with the students that had the most
trouble.  Still, I think that the main impact of that class was to leave
these medical professionals overly impressed with programmers in general
and vaguely convinced that we had special powers to make the computers
do our bidding.  I suppose turnabout is fair play since doctors trade on
a similar impression from the layman in the practice of their art.

Andy





Date: Tue, 28 May 96 12:06:05 PDT
From: Giordano Beretta <beretta@chroma.hpl.hp.com>

Around 1980 I was working on a fairly abstract PhD on computational
geometry.  My advisor had a severe acid test for all software his PhD
students wrote; when a demo was ready, he would bring in a 6-7 year
old kid who could read and that kid would be the first user of the
software. Only if demo survived the kid, the professor was willing to
look at it.

Among the lessons I learned are:
- no matter how arcane your application, you only understood the problem
  if you you can make it interesting to a layperson (example: the best
  book ever written on relativity is Einstein's book for the layperson)
- never make assumptions on the users, give them full control and always
  explain why they have to perform a given action you make them do
- structure your user interface and make it 100% consistent

Reference: J. Nievergelt, "Errors in Dialog Design and How To Avoid Them,"
in "Document Preparation Systems," J. Nievergelt et al. Eds., pp. 265-274,
North-Holland (in the US: Elsevier Science Publishing), Amsterdam, 1982.

Giordano Beretta
Member of Technical Staff
Hewlett-Packard Company
beretta@hpl.hp.com



Date: Tue, 28 May 1996 15:40:31 -0500
From: glockner@intr.net (Alexander Glockner)

I usually have two stories I like to tell when a beginner says that s/he
doesn't think s/he can learn all this computer stuff.

The first is about my wife learning to drive.  For the first few months
after getting her license, she had to have a passenger tell her where to
turn, even if she had driven the same route many times before.  She could
not operate the car and figure out where she was at the same time!  No,
my wife is not stupid - she just grew up in a country where few people
had driver's licenses, so she had little background knowledge obtained
from watching others drive.  Her attention simply had to be focused on
operating the car.

When the beginner says something like "but that's just a fluke, learning
to driving a car is so natural" - and this is most of the time - I point
out that learning to drive was *not* natural in the early 1900's; it
required wealth, strength, mechanical aptitude, and daring.  We've just
had a century of experience to learn from. I then make some moral about
having the same daring as those drivers of old...

If the beginner still isn't convinced, I tell my own driving story.  I was
taking driver's ed as a 16-year-old, and in the middle of the last left
turn I had to make on the last day of class, the car suddenly lurched to
a stop.  The driving instructor had slammed on his foot brake when he saw
that I wasn't going to complete the turn properly, and the car stopped
less than five feet from going head-on into a telephone pole and a
mailbox. I could not remember beginning the turn.  After that, I didn't
try to drive for eight years - though it was simply a matter of learning
how to pay attention in spite of any natural inclination.  Well, at least
I saved a lot of money on car insurance.

The beginner usually sees the second moral before I start it: A beginner
is going to make mistakes. *No* tool is easy to learn to use - especially
if it's been designed by expert users and has only been in the public eye
for a decade or so; that doesn't mean you shouldn't try.  We'll learn over
time to make it easier to use; even then it doesn't mean you'll never make
a mistake.

(A few beginners I have to beat into submission by then asking how much
time they spent in school learning to write, but very few...)

Alex
glockner@intr.net



Date: Tue, 28 May 1996 19:21:20 -0400 (EDT)
From: "Ilene Frank (REF)" <ifrank@dudley.lib.usf.edu>

My favorite PC story about myself: In 1988, a friend and I decided to get
the identical PCs so we could compare systems if anything seemed broken,
help each other learn, etc.  He recieved his and got it up and running
in no time. When my equipment showed up a few days later, I nervously put
all the cables in the right place (I thought,) plugged it in, and turned
on the master switch on my surge protector.  The master switch lit up just
fine, but nothing else happened!  I was frantic.  I called my friend. He
"walked" me through all the connections. I tried again.  Nothing.  It was
only some number of phone calls later, that I happened to accidently like
look at the side of the computer case and see this HUGE red switch labeled
ON/OFF... "Hey, Joe, do you think this could be the problem?"

There are plenty of days when I feel that I have not progressed much
beyond this point.  And I always try to remember this when I'm dealing
with inexperienced computer users at the Reference Desk.

Ilene Frank, Reference Dept.
Tampa Campus Library, LIB 122
University of South Florida, Tampa FL 33620
ifrank@lib.usf.edu        Work 813.974.2483



Date: Tue, 28 May 1996 17:29:58 +0000
From: Judith Sherwood <C4S@jill.sannet.gov>

"You're always a beginner" category

After 6 years of owning an Apple II, and then a Mac, I bought my very
first PC. I can vividly remeber setting it up, and flipping the power
switch. The computer store had pre-loaded Windows,and set it up to run
Windows on booting up. They hadn't installed the mouse software though.

Try looking at the program manager, and imagining how you would do
anything at all from that point, without a functioning mouse.... Using the
Alt key and F is not an intuitive move for a non-Windows user!  I finally
called a friend who explained how to access the pull down menus without
using a mouse, but it was one of the most frustrating computer experiences
I can recall.

--
Judith Sherwood: c4s@library.sannet.gov  | San Diego Public Library
Voice:           619.236.5824            | 820 E Street,
Fax:             619.236.5878            | San Diego, CA 92101



Date: Tue, 28 May 96 21:10:39 -0700
From: "P. Eads" <peads@nilenet.com>

The most frustrating experiences for me as a beginner was trying to buy
the computer and then learn it. I had no idea where to start or what kind
of computer I needed. I read and researched as much as I could even though
the information meant nothing to me as I had no one who would explain what
the terms and hardware/software was all about. I went to a local computer
store in my city and thought that if I was going to buy a system, surely
the salesperson would be able to help me with what I needed as well as
what all the jargon was all about. Not Hardly! I couldn't even find a
salesman to help me. They would walk around me to help a guy, but leave
me standing around looking for someone. I would flag a saleman down and he
would be too busy helping someone else. It was very frustrating to try to
spend money on a system when no one wanted to help out. I ended up buying
on gut instinct and managed to get a beginner system that held me for
about 2 years and was easy enough for me to rip apart and figure out how
to install things. My husband, who I meant after I got the system, helped
to teach me a lot about how things go into a system and now we both
continue to be pretty proficient at making our own systems rather than
buying prepackaged.

Nowadays, when I go into a computer store, if I don't see women on the
floor working at selling computers, I don't spend my money there. I even
tell the management why, as women don't like to be fobbed off by men who
won't take time to talk to them about systems. Perhaps if more stores
made an effort to recruit women to sell their systems, more women would
consider buying, but as long as men make them feel stupid, they either
won't buy, or they'll wait until someone like me comes along and is
willing to go with them and teach them what getting a computer is about.

Penny
- -----
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
P. Eads <peads@nilenet.com>
P. Eads <peads@iuc.org>
Do you know what privacy is? If you do, then you'd better know that you
don't have it on the internet. You're just a databit with a $ sign attached.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------



Date: Tue, 28 May 1996 21:54:50 +0000
From: "John Statler" <statler@mind.net>

A friend recently bought a complete pentium system. She asked me to help
set it up and teach her. I expected the system to be already set up since
it came from a main mail order source. Boy, was I fooled. I made the
mistake of having her sit at the keyboard first off. There were so many
glitches (like the mouse working so fast even I had trouble) that she was
pretty well shaken up.

The software was loaded but untested, the modem wouldn't work and after 2
hours of messing with it the company sent out a tech from 150 miles away.
I think win3.1 might be more user friendly than win95. By the way, anyone
know how to slow down that mouse?

Economic Justice / Leadership and Homeless Issues

John Statler
1120 Niantic St.
Medford, OR  97501
541-770-5524
statler@mind.net



Date: Wed, 29 May 1996 11:24:01 +0000
From: k.l.brunskill@aston.ac.uk (Kate Brunskill)

As an undergraduate I was quite literally forced, against my will, to
learn how to use a computer by one of my lecturers. This lecturer ran
a fascinating course dealing ancient scripts, palaeography, handwriting
forgery, hand printing, and many other great things. There were 12
students in the class and he decided that, as humanities students,
we needed to be educated about using computers or we were going to get
nowhere in this world. He is a Buddhist, of the enlightened variety. So
we were introduced to the most basic pc and told that all our work was now
to be submitted in wordprocessed format. At the time I was very worried,
I was wrapped up in a certain way of thinking about writing creatively. I
believed that if I lost the ability to write a coherent, flowing sentence
and get it right first time I was losing something very important
indeed. This new tool was encouraging me to simply fling words onto
the screen and then to tweak them into coherence, cutting and pasting,
deleting, amending as I went along. I feared that when I came to the
end of my course and had to sit exams, I would be unable to reverse the
process and would be unable to write a structured essay. Of course, this
didn't happen, of course I can still write the "old" way, but more often
than not I don't. Indeed after all the "tweaking" I often come up with
a better product. Having said this, I still haven't entirely lost the
suspicion that somehow I've lost a creative edge.

Kate Brunskill
CAS-IAS Project Researcher
Aston University, UK



Date: 29 May 96 06:46:22 EDT
From: "R. Craig Schroll" <71101.3545@CompuServe.COM>

Three main rules of computer users should be:
Backup before you make system changes.
Backup before you install software/hardware.
Backup often even if you do not do either of these.

Every major problem I have ever had with my computer has been easy to
solve if I was following the above rules.  Prior to learning this lesson I
had several ocassions where the easiest solution to the problem seemed to
be pitch the computer out the window and go back to doing things by hand.

For purchasers a big warning.  Always evaulate the purchase of a computer
based on what you intend to do with it now and in the foreseeable future.
I went through three computers in as many years when I first started
because I didn't do an adequate job of this.  My current thinking is to
by the best I can afford and keep it for as long as the capabilities are
adequate.  I usually get five years service from a computer now.

New purchasers need to reconcil themselves to the pace of technology
improvement.  Even if you by the best of the currently available models
your computer will not be the cutting edge almost by the time you get it
set up and learn how to use it.  If you're buying from the top of the pile
this doesn't matter.  If you decide to save a few dollars by buying at the
bottom of the range it might.

If you need to be mobile consider a laptop computer and docking station
rather than a laptop and a desktop computer.  I travel frequently for
business and have been using this arrangement for about six months.  It is
working great.  It's one of those things that after you do it you wonder
what took you so long to decide to do things this way.

There is no such thing as too much memory.  Both for RAM and your hard
drive, get as much as you can afford when you purchase a computer.

Invest in a quality external storage device such as a Zip drive.  This
will make following the first rules easier and can effectively increase
your storage capacity without limits.

Do not automatically upgrade software.  If you use it infrequently or not
at all anymore you obviously don't need to upgrade.  Also, if the upgrade
provides features you won't use why bother.

Also on software, keep the number of primary programs to the minimum that
is effective for you.  Software will consume memory much more rapidly than
data.  Ideally, you should periodically clean off software you no longer
use or use so infrequently as to not be worth the disk space it takes up.

I could go on and on but, you asked for brief so I'll stop with this.

Hope your project goes well.

Craig Schroll, CSP
President
FIRECON
PO Box 231, East Earl, PA 17519  USA
717-354-2411  fax 717-354-7233
71101.3545@compuserve.com



Date: Wed, 29 May 96 8:40:07 CDT
From: b-hayward@cecer.army.mil

I avoided computers for a long time.  As a teen (I am 29 now) I thought
they were mainly good for wasting of time on games.  I took a course in
high school in Basic, but my logic was so different that the instructor
had a hard time debugging my programs.  Worse, I learned squat about the
computer itself.  It was a bad experience that I didn't shake for a long
time.

When I went into the service, I learned to use a particular system that
really didn't work well, and the whole setup so task-specific I still
didn't learn computers.  Even when I learned to be in charge of the
system, I was still just a trained monkey learning to push certain buttons
when certain things happened.

I only really learned computers when I went to work as a student research
assistant at a government lab.  It was scary - the computer had been set
up by someone else.  When I turned it on, the computer started spitting
out arcane messages faster than I could read them.  Then it just sat
there, with this funny thing on the screen "C:\>", and I had no idea what
to do.  Fortunately, I was given the time to learn the computer, make
mistakes, read the books.  It was a revelation.  Everything I had learned
about computers up until that time fell into place (though it wasn't
much).  I was getting to the point where some real learning could take
place, but I needed some formal education.  And that wasn't available, and
that is where I am today - knowing just enough to be dangerous, but not
enough to really be proficient at fixing problems.

Bryan Hayward
SPACE: FUND IT OR PRIVATIZE IT!  The bold shall go to the stars.
Lee wailz, Lifeson jamz, Peart bangz drumz - Rush rulz!!
The Religious Right aren't, and Creation Science isn't.



Date: Wed, 29 May 1996 09:01:07 -0500
From: Technical sales support <chrisn@datasource.net>

I had an occasion to tutor some grade school kids on some old PCs that
they had in the classroom. After I sat the kids down and we were ready
to begin, I decided to throw them a curve to break the ice. I said "OK,
now who here thinks they are as smart as a computer?". You could feel the
shock that someone could ask such a question. They looked at each other,
and said nothing. After a pause I said, "You're wrong. You are ALL smarter
than a computer. The computer is nothing more that a machine like a TV or
radio, it just does things that seem smart."



Date: Wed, 29 May 1996 07:29:43 -0700 (PDT)
From: Gary Gach <ggg@well.com>

For me, this has largely been my life for the past couple years.  I've
been teaching basic Internet literacy to the general local community for
a couple years now (http://www.unex.berkeley.edu:4243/cat/comp3.html).

(When I began, there was, like, one other Internet trainer in town.  And,
curious to ponder, neither of us were "certified."  We mostly made the
whole thing up, from job description to course content.)

I've literally SEEN the Nielsen/O'Reilly polls ("Who is using the
Internet?"): via the students who come to my class They've never used a
computer before, and don't even know what a mouse is, but are willing to
learn.  Or they've been using AOL, for two months now, bumped into the
button marked Internet, and got really confused: "Is AOL the Internet?"
"Is Netscape?" (etc.) They're all age ranges, ethnicities, genders, etc.
And they often don't know whether they know anything already or not.

Sometimes, a few are more advanced, and like to let everyone else know it,
("My daddy has a newer car than your daddy does.")  But mostly they are
not only put off by "technospeak," they don't even know what "technospeak"
is.  Nerd, geek, newbie, server are all Martian to them.  Some have never
set foot in the Computer section of a bookstore before.  Some that have
invested in something with a demeaning title like "For Dummies" feel even
worse when they try to read it and still feel left out.

(And you bet they all feel left out when the writer/trainer/presenter
is doing little more than a "brain dump" ("This is what *I* do when I
log on to my server") rather than empowering them to not get hung on the
technology, to be mindful of the culture, and to keep an eye open for what
will be unique to them.)

They don't all have power tools.  (I.E., many use the Web via e-mail!)

And yet this aggregate of folks comprise about 50% of the people using the
Internet right now.

Putting it another way, one year from now, the total number of these
beginners will equal the total number of people who are online today.

And, to put a capper on it -- they are now joining us from Kuwait, Uganda,
China, etc.

                                        - - - - - -  - -

If you wish any further food for thought, here's an excerpt that went
out on the Net last week.  It elicited an e-mail letter "out of the blue"
to me, last night, from a gentleman in Pakistan, asking me to urge my
publisher to distribute the book there, and offering to revise it to fit
the country's needs and to translate it into Urdu.  I don't think I'm
sounding my own horn.

from "Endpapers," AMERICAN REPORTER, #293, May 22, 1996

(URL:  http://www.newshare.com/Reporter/today.html
        Archives: http://www.newshare.com/Reporter/archives/
	For more info on AR: http://oz.net/~susanh/arbook.html)

... the Internet is an ad hoc phenomenon, bottom-up, with no clear
vertical hierarchy, so too there exists no Internet Literacy Budget.
No Internet Training Certification Center.  In a word, there's a gap.

Al Gore hasn't commissioned the GPO to issue a citizen's guide to the
Internet.  The phone company hasn't.  And, surprisingly enough, the big
online services -- that, in part, sell the Internet -- do a relatively
scant job of explaining what that very Internet is; until very recently,
for example, you had to bump your head on a file tucked away at
CompuServe.

So there's this gap.  And yet without some kind of push to make it
intelligible, understandable, and, most of all, meaningful and useful
to the mass populace, it might suffer the fate many of other scientific
breakthroughs and technological innovations that did not fill that gap.
Or suffer under the hands of the woefully ignorant.  ...

So, while the Internet is like the phone -- just plug it in -- it's also
like the computer -- something first-time users need to monkey around
with a few times before it "clicks."  It needn't be hard -- and it can be
downright empowering.

Gary Gach has been teaching basic Internet literacy for a couple of years.
Pocket Books published his POCKET GUIDE TO THE INTERNET in May, America's
first massmarket pocketbook guide to the Net.  ISBN 0-671-56850-7.
(http://www.pocketbooks.com/netguide.html)

             gary gach |_|_|_|_| internet trainer
       1243 broadway 4 |_|   |_| ggg@well.com
  san francisco, calif |_|_ _|_| 1.415.771.7793
            94109-2771 | | | | | http://www.pocketbooks.com/netguide.html



Date: Wed, 29 May 1996 13:14:02 -0400 (EDT)
From: Lewis Kaye <lkaye@ccs.carleton.ca>

My experiences with beginners and technology are not, in fact, concerned
with computers. However, I do believe they are instructive. The questions
you raised in your call for comments apply equally well to all forms of
high technology, from computers all the way to the VCR and microwave oven.
The issues really revolve around the mystification of technology, and the
consequent belief by many beginners that they are incapable of mastering
such specialized techniques.

For several years I was the Technical Coordinator for a small, volunteer-
based community radio station in Toronto. Among my responsibilities was
to teach new volunteers about radio production, and to train them in
our relatively low-tech studios. But for new volunteers, the studio was
a daunting place: radio production was a task for specialists, and many
wondered out loud how they would ever learn these skills without years of
education. The trick was to make them feel comfortable, intelligent and
capable. This was accomplished by explaining them the technology on their
own level, free from any jargon and with the knowledge that what these
people were in fact scared of learning. More accurately, they were sacred
of NOT being able to learn. But we humans have this wonderful capability
to learn just about anything.

All that was really needed was to make people aware of what they already
knew, but took for granted. A studio is really no different from a home
stereo: same principles, just more complex. Emphasizing this similarity
seemed to make people more comfortable, and when they were comfortable
they learned quickly.

With respect to computers, we could say that the Internet is nothing
more than a more complex telephone network and a PC is nothing more
than a more complex TV/VCR combo. What we all have to do when dealing
with beginners is to emphasize the similarities between computers (or any
other technological tool) and their associated skills and knowledge that
beginners simply take for granted.

Lewis Kaye
Ottawa, Ontario
lkaye@ccs.carleton.ca



Date: Wed, 29 May 1996 10:09:56 -0500
From: Don Nicholls <nicholls@btigate.com>

We have all heard comments about children readily picking up on computer
skills, particular in games, but just in general.  I have wondered just
why. Is it, "old dogs learning new tricks"?

Not sure about that, for I am in my 50's, and went back to college
following an injury.  In high school, could not begin to comprehend
calculus but found myself actually excelling at this old age. At same
time, find myself having to take it much slower in absorbing the computer
knowlege that I am studying. None of it comes easy.

Computer pain for me is only that I need an ergonomic work station for my
injury.  The pain of learning is just frustration at times.  When my 12 yr
old wants to, he picks up instantly on anything I show him.  So it might
just be interest/confidence level that limits us in new things.  Many of
my friends are intimidated by computers, so simply reject learning about
them.  To add to normal intimidations, the computer industry frequently
goes out of their way to complicated the program/ application.  Not all of
us are gurus or pardon, nerds in computers.

Will summarize by urging the experts to orient their projects more to
average user knowledge.  Case in point has been learning Web construction.
I have searched everywhere to find the inclusive software/editors, &
reference material to grasp HTML. Have succeeded, but not without "pain".



Date: Thu, 30 May 1996 16:57:57 -0600 (MDT)
From: Shirl Kennedy <skennedy@bcr.org>

As a professional Internet trainer and consultant, I find that I am
working directly with fewer and fewer "rank" beginners these days.
However, the librarians that I train -- particularly the public librarians
-- are telling me that novice computer users are increasingly relying on
the library as "tech support desk of last resort."

Computers are being marketed and sold as commodities now; you can pick
one up at your local "big box" appliance retailer or WalMart or wherever.
But no one will be there to hold your hand when you get the thing home,
attempt to unpack it and set it up and...uh, use it.  You have your
choice of reading the turgid, poorly designed manual (if one is provided
... increasingly rare in this age of "online documentation"), sitting on
a tech support phone line (long distance/your dime) for 40 minutes (and/or
even being asked to provide a credit card number before your question is
answered), finding a computer literate friend, or...

Most libraries now have computers available for public use, often
including Internet access.  This has not gone unnoticed by library
patrons who need techno-help.  You've never used a modem?  What better
(free) place to learn than to dial into the public library catalog.  The
service-oriented librarians will walk you through the steps of setting
up your telcomm program, etc.  They'll show you how to use WordPerfect to
prepare your resume, surf the Net to get that information on Uzbekistan
your kid needs for his or her geography report, and dial into and use the
local community freenet.

Computers have sprouted like weeds in libraries and schools.  There
always seems to be money around for the purchase of "technology" --
e.g., "things."  Trouble is, there's not enough money to hire additional
people -- or even train existing staff -- to support this stuff.  I
am disheartened to hear an increasing number of librarians moaning and
groaning about computers and the Internet, but it's hard to blame them,
considering the extra burden being placed upon them by a public desperate
for technical support.

Shirl Kennedy				   Data is not information.
Senior Internet Trainer/Web Goddess	   Information is not knowledge.
Bibliographical Center for Research (BCR)  Knowledge is not wisdom.
14394 E. Evans Avenue, Aurora, CO  80014	(303) 751-6277
	"Hey, BCR's got a Home Page!"  http://www.bcr.org



Date:         Thu, 30 May 96 18:59:40 EDT
From: Tony Harminc <EL406045@BROWNVM.BROWN.EDU>

There is an old story told about beginners and the Stanford WYLBUR system.
(WYLBUR was an online, text editing system, with remote job entry, and
various other features.)  The WYLBUR command-line prompt was COMMAND.

Supposedly someone did a survey of beginners faced with this prompt for
the first time, and a large proportion thought it meant that the computer
was about to give *them* a command.

Probably this is better and more authentically documented elsewhere.

Tony Harminc



Date: Thu, 30 May 1996 23:13:15 -0700 (MST)
From: entre@aztec.asu.edu (K. KEMPER)

1) my first was in 72 learning fortran.  WIth no algebraic background
(neither did anyone else in class).  WE all bombed but earned Cs as the
teacher was gracious.  80 column cards;

2) TCI 100?  the cassette system.  I took it from my son the evening I
gave it to him and stayed with it 16 consecutive hours.  I found that the
instruction manual had 3 errors in it and I was the first to point this
out to the publisher and I gave her the solutions!;

3) A friend, a year later, lent me a Peace software system (hardware?)
and forgot to tell me about 3 simple commands to start that were not in
the manual.  In 3 days, with 72 hours invested, I could not get into the
system.  When he returned, he apologized and keyed the simple pre-3 steps
and the rest is history.  I have loved and hated computers ever since!

I use IBM in the morning, MAC in the afternoon, and back to IBM at night
and have crashed the Mac pentium 25 times, once 5 times in 3 minutes!

--
Entrepreneurial teacher, traveler, editor/writer and TV producer and director.
entre@aztec.asu.edu.  602-279-0561.  Also real estate syndicator!
smile, you might feel better!



Date: Sun, 2 Jun 1996 10:10:59 -0400 (EDT)
From: Selia Karsten <skarsten@oise.on.ca>

A group of us at the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education recently
completed a web site for Newbies called "Home on the Info Range".
http://www.oise.on.ca/~civan/1551/intro.html

In my module (each of us are metaphorical cowpokes sitting around a
campfire telling tales about how to do E-mail and internet information
management) Sagebrush Selia shares her LOG of what it was like her first
sessions on the computer for a distance course. There is also a section
called TALL E-TALES which gives collected stories from newbies (names
changed to protect...) There are TIPS for Newbies and LINKS for Newbies
in this and in other of the modules.

Selia Karsten
skarsten@oise.on.ca
http://www.oise.on.ca/~skarsten



Date: Tue, 28 May 1996 03:20:33 -0700 (PDT)
From: John Howard Oxley <OCO81945@ac.dal.ca>

It's been over a decade since I was a beginner, but I still remember it.
My first machine was a SANYO MBC-550 with 128K RAM, a single 360Kb disk
drive, and an analogue monochrome 25x80 monitor.  It was a very simple
system, and I was able to learn all about it rapidly -- I could take it
apart, do all needed diagnostics and repairs, and learn all the programs
it used.  It didn't actually do all that much -- I had 3 main programs,
EASY WRITER II, CALCSTAR [spreadsheet], and DATASTAR [database].  I used
the system mostly for word processing, and churned out lots of important,
useful work.  The very simplicity of the system was a joy -- it enabled me
as a beginner to gain competence and mastery with a reasonable learning
curve -- in short, it made being a beginner fun.

Now, of course, I have a system whose power is literally orders of
magnitude greater than the system with which I started, with a host
of capabilities undreamed-of when that first system was put into use.
Since I use a stable operating system, I still don't crash much, and my
productivity has been greatly improved also.  But as always, there is a
price -- it is not possible for me to have the sort of informed command
of my system now that I did in 1985.  Now I have to employ experts for
any operation beyond the most basic, and more and more I cannot understand
what they are doing in any detail.  So I think of what it must be like
to be a beginner today, and realize that with my current system, I have
in fact reverted to being a beginner again.  Which makes me think that
being a beginner now is a lot more daunting a prospect than a decade ago,
because there is more to be learned, and less time in which to learn it.
Much of the fun of mastery is gone, as a result.

PS: A point to stress with the initial system -- it was so simple, and had
such a limited number of tasks to perform, that it was relatively stable
and did not crash much.  This situation was totally reversed when WINDOWS
3.x came on the scene, and did not really change until WINDOWS NT was
released.

Regards, John Howard Oxley



Date: Tue, 28 May 1996 04:11:55 -0700 (PDT)
From: "elinor mosher" <emosher@fox.nstn.ca>

I'm a 68 year old widow here in the Annapolis Valley of Nova Scotia.
I had read about the Internet and was interested, but not in computers
themselves -- found them boring, and hadn't used them. Abit over a year
ago, I realized I was on the same phone exchange as a server node, so I
bought a 2nd-hand 386, to get me on the net.

My youngest son helped me get connected, but at first, we couldn't get any
feedback.After fooling around with it for two months, we tried the Maxseg
down to 68 and it worked. I do most of my activity on mailing lists,
(Canada-L, Quaker-L, Futurework, Labour-L, freematt, Current-l, Red Rock
Eaters (Love that name). For the last 3 months, I have been writing a
little column for the American Reporter, online newspaper, called "Apples
from Paradise" which is kind of fun. (I'm going to do one this am called
'Carl Sagan and the Witch' -- a woman calling herslef a witch just moved
into the village, into a big gothic house. It won't be nasty.)

I just bought some more memory, and put Netscape and Win 3 on, but the
web is terribly slow here; also, much of other functions. I think it's old
telephone lines. This is why I use mailing lists so much.

I'll be interested to see what happens when the new stripped-down $500
computers come out. I think email is still the big thing.  My son solves
most of my computer problems. I said to him one day when he was working on
one, "How come when I do something dumb, it's because I'm a techno-moron,
but when you do it's the stupid software?" I saw a little grin cross his
face, then he turned around and with a look as bland as Kissinger said:
"So what's your point?" Oh, well, at least he does it!

One of my new net acquaintances is a computer whiz at the Pentagon.  He
calls me his net nanny. I would hate to have to give it up now.
--
 elinor mosher
 emosher@fox.nstn.ca
 Paradise, NS
 B0S  1R0
 To miss the joy is to miss all.  R. L. Stevenson



Date: Sun, 02 Jun 1996 21:13:48 -0400
From: "Mary R. Pyett" <pyett@apk.net>

As a technology coorinator and consultant to several schools, I have seen
many people resistant to technology, for many reasons.  I can think of
one teacher who approached the principal of a school where each classroom
was to receive 4 new networked computers.  The teacher pleaded that she
would be retiring after one more year and she would not be a part of
this project.  The prinicpal totally defused the situation by telling the
teacher she would receive the four computers and was required to attend
the training, but did not have to use them if she so chose.  The teacher
was satisfied with that and met the requests.  Not long after school
started, an uninformed person flipped off the switch on the server which
was located in the office.  This caused all of the classroom computers to
stop working.  Guess who the first teacher in the office was to demand the
computers be brought back on line because she couldn't teach without them!
You guessed it!!!



Date: Mon, 3 Jun 1996 10:19:22 CST6CDT
From: "PAUL DOTY" <pdoty@staff.uwsuper.edu>

I am a librarian and spend a fair amount of time with computer-beginners.
What I am most struck by is the extent to which most beginners start a
line of questioning with self-derision.  "I'm a real idiot when it comes
to these things" "I can't get along with machines" "I don't know anything
about computers" (I don't either, I just use them all the time).  This
obviously is generated by a feeling that a college student should know how
to use a computer, and I suspect the real root of that is the omnipresence
of techology in the jet stream media.  I had a case once, of coming to
assist a women with one of our online tools, and as she started to ask
her question she pointed at the computer terminal and backed away as if it
had actually threatened her.  (I've seen her since making good use of both
print and computer resources).

Paul Doty
Information Literacy Librarian
Jim Dan Hill Library
University of Wisconsin Superior
pdoty@staff.uwsuper.edu



Date: Mon, 3 Jun 1996 11:39:51 -0500
From: smk@io.com (Susan Kirchman)

When I was a beginner I loaded a borrowed computer into my car, took
it far far away and hid-out while I made my first attempts at useing
this new tool to make my artwork.  I was so sure that I could not do it
that I didn't want anyone to know that I was trying. I still have screen
shots of those first few images. I think that they effectively convey the
trepidation that I was feeling. I wish that they could be included in this
compilation instead of this text.

A three year old boy that I know is the biggest " 'puter user" in
his family of four.  He will never remember the experience of being a
beginner.



Date: Mon, 3 Jun 1996 11:09:13 -0700
From: habel1@llnl.gov (Patty Habel)

I do not reply often but I couldn't resist this one. I hope it fits in
with your request...

A few years ago I worked as a consultant to the City Recreation
Department, teaching evening beginning computer classes to adults.
I taught using one computer for 10 students in a shared hands-on and
lecture style.  At the same time, I taught classes during the day with
an organization called "Computertots".  I took one computer into private
preschools and daycare centers and taught computer to small groups of 3-4
students ranging in age from 3-6 years.

It was a terrific experience teaching the two age groups simultaneously.
Most adults that registered for my course, did so because they were
fearful of the computer.  They appreciated the ability to just observe
or participate hands-on if they chose.  Many of them needed the
non-threatening environment of not being forced to sit behind their
own computer and keep-up with the class.  It was so gratifying for
me to really see these adults go from total fear (and this is not an
exaggeration) or at the least confusion and apprehension, to "lights-on"
and enthusiasm!

On the other hand, the children I taught were afraid of nothing! We taught
them computer and disk care and operation by singing catchy little songs
with a mascot puppet along with the activities.  They took to it like
fish to water.  They were so eager to see me when I arrived each week
and couldn't wait to "play" with the computer.  This play taught them to
respect the equipment, to be creative and to succeed.  Not bad life skills
at age 3-6, huh...

The experience I gained teaching the children was much more helpful to
me when teaching adults than vise-versa.  In this day, when computer use
is becoming more and more vital to everyday life, helping these adults
to become computer literate is definately one of the most gratifying jobs
I have had. These adults taught me that there are truly very few people
who cannot succeed if given the right environment, encouragement and
knowledge.

Patty Habel
Customer Liaison
Telecommunications Systems Dept.



Date: Tue, 4 Jun 1996 09:25:19 -0500 (CDT)
From: bowker@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Geoffrey Bowker)

When I was first learning email in the mid 1980s I used a colleague's
account (there weren't clear lines on how to set up your own).  I had
no idea how it all worked - had no idea what a unix shell was etc.; and
there were difficulties getting out from Paris to the rest of the world
(problems with the British academic network coz they weren't paying their
dues, and problems routing to the US).  I had a driving desire to learn -
my lover was in CA and I was in Paris, and we couldn't afford phone calls
to negotiate life together with.  I would send her these impassioned love
letters, not realizing that every time they failed to get through for
whatever reason (bad address, routing problem, mistake I had made) they
bounced back into my colleague's inbox.  After a few weeks of this (he was
French after all) and I guess a particularly steamy bounce back he told me
about this and helped me set up my own account... .  What I learned from
this, and continue learning, is that privacy on the internet is not like
privacy elsewhere.  No beginner is going from the start to be able to set
up a levely of security on their files that a priori they would like to
have - if you don't know what 'finger' is then it's hard to stop yourself
being fingered.  I think that you need to both modulate your own space
boundaries as well as learn how to protect your output: the emotional work
of the former option is as important as the technical work of the latter.



Date: Wed, 5 Jun 1996 19:21:37 -0400 (edt)
From: techno@vir.com (techno)

Well here's a topic that could cause a stir.  I guess I should start with
my own experience. I am not university educated, and I am a professionel
municipal Firefighter. I did a lot of electronics as a hobby in the past
10 years(audio,video) and over the past 5 years became self-educated in
computer technology.(hardware hacker) Over the last 2 years I've been
a self-study in communication technology.(BBS's & Internet).It's become
almost an obsession as I know intuitively It's the single most important
thing to happen in this century.  Being a blue collar worker, so to
speak, I decided to learn how to set up a BBS and get my son and myself
hooked up to the "net". We both share this passion for this new tool.
First I bought a book,"Canadian Internet Handbook" by Jim Carroll &
Rick Broadhead. That book was crucial to understanding how to get on the
"Net".Later I bought another book"The Internet Complete Reference" by
Harley Hahn & Rick Stout.Reading 800 page books did not intimidate me,
as I had done a lot of that to learn computers.
        Now, the good part.  After picking an ISP with great anticipation
I began the technical "nightmare".My ISP dropped off the software on disk
and I figured I would set it up in an hour.I installed the software, and
had weeks of headaches trying to get it to work right. Of course my 16 yr
old and I were fiddling with the settings to try to get it to work right,
but to no avail. Finally in utter exasperation and frustration I called
the small budding ISP for help.The VP half owner came over and was very
polite and installed the software for us again and got it working. I felt
quite technically inadequate at the time. Everytime the server would have
problems or the uplink connection would develope a problem, my son would
start fiddling with the software settings thinking it was our fault.That
would completely mess up everything again and I would have to figure out
how to reset it to the defaults.I learned a lot about setting up internet
software but it was quite frustrating and a source of stress. Eventually,
I became quite good at setting everything up, my son too.Chalked it up as
a good learning experience. But, I am sure 99.5% of the general population
doesn't have the patience for this stuff! It's just too complicated and
difficult for the average joe. They have to figure out ways to make the
install and setup idiot proof.  I don't consider myself to be a total
moron, as a matter of fact I consider myself to be quite technically adept
but it was too complicated for me let alone the average person.  Enough
said. I do now enjoy the tools like email,usenet,web ,gopher,FTP, and
IRC. Lets hope that it gets easier for the newbies in the future or a lot
of people will reject it.

Doug Taylor
Montreal Quebec.
"Ye shall know the truth and the truth will set you free"



Date: Fri, 7 Jun 96 08:21:13 EDT
From: michalik@VNET.IBM.COM

My own situation as the computer beginner was hellish, without Virgil
there to guide me! The professors I had had little interest and no ability
to explain how to use any of the computer technology we had available
to us. The tutors were arrogant and more interested in working on their
programs than helping you with yours. You were left fend for yourself,
with only your classmates to help you, and since they were as overwhelmed
and as overworked as you were, that help often was meagre. In fact, we
were so starved for information, that I felt joy - JOY! - when I found a
quick reference card explaining how to use the compiler, debugger, and the
system. It was like manna.

Things got better as I rose through the info-archy in University, but then
I started as a beginner at IBM and the cycle began again. It was better
in many respects, but I still had to search for PL/1 manuals, dig out old
compiler references, etc. Such a waste.

Looking over my beginner experiences, my situation and that of my
classmates was analogous to being a peasant. We scrounged for information,
putting together programs with old technology, while the T.A.s and
professors with their nice terminals and their unlimited access to the
system and its information worked in relative luxury. I still see that
happening in IBM. I'd be willing to be bet that little has changed in
Universities, either.

Bernie

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

