From pagre@weber.ucsd.eduTue Feb  6 12:45:48 1996
Date: Mon, 5 Feb 1996 21:13:28 -0800 (PST)
From: Phil Agre <pagre@weber.ucsd.edu>
Reply to: rre-maintainers@weber.ucsd.edu
To: rre@weber.ucsd.edu
Subject: Computers and My Family
Resent-Date: Mon, 5 Feb 1996 21:13:30 -0800 (PST)
Resent-From: rre@weber.ucsd.edu


=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Computers and My Family

A Project of the Red Rock Eater News Service

February 1995

This file consists of 37 messages that RRE subscribers sent when I asked
for stories about the place of computers in their families.  It should
not be regarded as a representative sample of people in general, or of
net users, or even of RRE subscribers.  The point, instead, is simply
to provoke thinking about the various roles that computers can play in
family life.  I have included (I think) all of the messages I received.
I fixed some typos, removed small bits from the beginnings and ends of
some messages, and reformatted everything to 74 columns, but otherwise
the messages are just as I received them.  Please keep in mind that the
authors of these messages have revealed details of their private lives;
make responsible use of the information for thinking and not for gossip.

You are free to forward this file, electronically and in its entirety
only, to anyone for any noncommercial purpose.  Otherwise the individual
authors retain copyright in their messages, and you should approach them
directly if you wish to publish the stories in paper form, use them for
any commercial purpose, or forward them singly out of the context of this
file.  The file is about 74Kbytes in length.

For more information about RRE, send mail to  rre-help@weber.ucsd.edu
or aim your Web client at  http://communication.ucsd.edu/pagre/rre.html

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Date: Mon, 15 Jan 1996 23:43:10 -0500
From: Hal Pomeranz <hal@netmarket.com>

As far as computers go, their biggest boon to my family unit has been
email connectivity.

My wife and I spend about 80% of our lives ith me on the East Coast and
her on the West.  Since we both work for high-tech companies with liberal
policies as far as sending/receiving personal email, we're able to stay
in touch with each other and keep our phone bills low.  In many, many ways
our current lifestyle would be impossible without computer communication--
email in particular.

My brothers and father/stepmother also have email connectivity, though
none of them sits on top of their email drop all day like I do.  I find
myself feeling irrational frustration that they sometimes don't even
check their email daily (and let's not talk about the fact that one of
them is on the other side of a UUCP link that "only" polls once per hour)!

The family has gotten so used to sending email back and forth that the
children pooled our money and got our mother a year of AOL access, just
so that we could exchange email with her rather than calling all the time.
I haven't done the math, but I think we're saving money on long distance,
and my mother is much happier because she "hears" from us more often.  I
think I'm going to get my niece connected next...

Hal Pomeranz




Date: Tue, 16 Jan 1996 00:09:07 -0500
From: Ramin Zabih <rdz@CS.Cornell.EDU>

My father is a political scientist who doesn't know much about technology.
For several years in grad school I had an h19 terminal and a modem at
my apartment.  Each time my father saw this, he would ask me "Is that a
computer?"  I was always completely thrown by this question...

					Ramin




Date: Tue, 16 Jan 1996 10:15:25 -0200
From: Joao Carlos Setubal <setubal@dcc.unicamp.br>

Here's a recent experience. We're Brazilians, and my wife's family is
of of Italian ancestry (family name Vellutini). Their Italian ancestor
probably immigrated to Brazil at the turn of the century. I say "probably"
because no one in her family knows anything about this ancestor besides
his name; genealogical knowledge goes back only two generations. As a
result all the Vellutinis they know are Brazilians and next of kin. They
have some vague ideas that there may be some Vellutinis living in Italy
but no one knows for sure.  As for Vellutinis living in the rest of the
world, they don't even think about it.

Well, a few weeks back it occurred to me to do a search on the Web using
"vellutini" as a keyword. I discovered that there are several Vellutinis
in Italy (no surprise), one in Corsega (mild surprise) and three in the
U.S. (big surprise). I like family trees, and I was amazed that I could
make such a discovery.

My wife, however, is not interested in building a family tree, and has
no intention whatsoever in sending an e-mail message to any of these
people. After all they are complete strangers, and sharing a family
name may be just a coincidence. To me this is emblematic of two of the
main features of today's communication revolution: you're able to make
amazing discoveries; but at the same time some of these discoveries are
meaningless. It reminds me of a passage in a book by Neil Postman, where
he quotes Thoreau as making the following comment upon being informed
that the telegraph would enable someone from Maine to exchange messages
with someone in Texas: "And will they have anything to tell each other?"

- Joao Setubal




Date: Tue, 16 Jan 1996 08:35:50 -0400
From: oco81945@ac.dal.ca (John Howard Oxley)

I can sum up the effects of home computing on my family as being
substantially negative.  When I first got a PC, it was as a working tool
for gaining after-hours income, but it soon became an end in itself, and
stayed that way.  Because of the need to operate in a closed room in order
not to have the printer disturb my child when he was sleeping, and because
I did not want to press my computing enthusiasm on my wife unless she were
really interested, barriers grew up between us that I now consider were
instrumental to my divorce.  My son is not by any means as obsessed by
computing as I am, and he suffers from less attention when he is with me
than I think would be the case if I did not have a computer.  Since I have
been using a home PC for over a decade [not the same one all the time!] I
think this comprises a good backlog of experience.

As far as my extended family goes, I have had a certain role as guru to
one of my in-laws, and thus have actively benefitted him and his family.
Oddly enough, there is some suggestion, unrealized to this point,
that the InterNet may bring my direct sibling relationships, which are
geographically dispersed, somewhat closer together.

Regards, John Howard Oxley




Date: Tue, 16 Jan 96 08:30:27 EST
From: Stephen Gilbert <stephen@psyche.mit.edu>

New computers on the job in the early 80s drove my granddad to early
retirement.  He was supposed to learn how to use them quickly, and they
were confusing enough for him at the time that he preferred leaving.
Nowadays, though, my granddad, a very intelligent man with only a high
school degree, loves to use a Casio Boss (a pocket calendar planner
device) and keep track of his investments on his Mac.  Given better
interfaces and his own time to learn, he has become intrigued.  My
grandmother (as well as the rest of us) have encouraged him, and that
sort of stimulation is just the sort of thing that he needs to keep him
interested in life to the fullest.

My family mostly keeps up with each other by phoning.  The extended
members often just see each other at Christmas and Thanksgiving.
Now my brother and mother and aunt and one cousin have email on the
job.  Because it's easier than writing a letter, we've sent each other a
couple messages, and it's interesting to see that entirely new facets of
personality emerge from these notes.  I think it's because people often
write differently than they talk, and I've never known any of these people
through writing.  We've also realized the value of rarer, longer epistles,
rather than the brief frequent notes that tend to passed around at the
office.

My mother is a librarian, and I grew up and only child, so that means I
read a lot.  She also passed along to me an enthusiasm for hunting down
information.  The "if anyone knows it, you can find it" attitude has
served me well throughout my academic life.  Now that I study how people
perceive information and how we can efficiently present information
with computers, I have passed back to her an enthusiasm for computerized
indices, CD-ROMs, and the web.  Her high school library has become one of
the most wired libraries in town.  And now we're constantly interacting,
filling each other in on what we've learned about how people interact with
these gadgets, and exchanging anecdotes that usually begin, "The other day
I wanted to find out XYZ.  Guess how I did it?"

Stephen Gilbert
Brain & Cognitive Sciences, MIT




Date: Tue, 16 Jan 1996 13:48:10 +0000
From: Gordon Joly <gordo@tecc.co.uk>

We are just the two at home: my partner Louise (who is a community nurse)
and I share a Sun 3/60 workstation with a large (19 inch) colour screen
and 28,800 modem. We both read email and Louise uses the machine for word
processing. The Sun is running X11R5 and we both know Emacs. We regularly
use the "xpostit" application for scribbling notes on the desktop. We have
an old laser printer connected via a serial port. All the technology is
10 years old, apart from Emacs, which is version 19, and was built with a
modern release of the GNU C compiler.

We both often ask ourselves why we do not go out and buy a modern PC
off the shelf and run the standard word processing packages, particularly
that which we both use at work. The answer might be cost. Also, there
is something about running Motorola 68000 based UNIX box at home (when
we used to do computer science research on these machines at work not so
long ago).  For my part, I also enjoy looking after a system which I can
maintain and develop; I guess I could run Linux on a PC, but I am luddite
sometimes.

Louise seems to get on find the Emacs editing and "xpostit" is all she
needs for her writing essays (she studies part-time). It is a minimal
configuration, in some sense, although a full multi-tasking system with
multiple users is probably a little over the top, being able to open an
X application from work on the screen at home is very useful sometimes.
We also run a WWW server, but it really "just for fun" and since we have
a dynamic IP address allocation, catching our pages on IP outside the
home does require some close co-operation.

On the other hand my father wrote his book (available at
file://uiarchive.cso.uiuc.edu/pub/etext/gutenberg/etext93/radio10a.zip
on his PC which he bought for the purpose. He started computing about
ten years ago, aged 75. The 8086 system used to run DOS 3.2 and he
had a variety of word processing packages. But he never fully grasped
"MicroEmacs", and preferred to write using a word processing package.
And he has never connected his PC to the Internet. He now has a 80486 box
with Windows 3.1 (1992 vintage), and that allows him to work at roughly
the same speed as he did on the old 8086 PC. And that is called progress.

Gordon Joly                            <WORK:gordo@bbcnc.org.uk> 
<HOME:gordo@dircon.co.uk>     <URL:http://www.tecc.co.uk/gordo/>



Date:          Tue, 16 Jan 1996 08:57:55 EST
From: "Alice Hart" <HART_A@ucen.flint.umich.edu>

I have found that relatives who would seldom call or write are more than
willing to answer short e-mail messages. The immediacy of the media lets
them ask questions, get feedback and just keep in touch without much
effort. It gives me a feeling of security to know that I can leave a
message and they can read it at their convenience. I hope to develop a
listserve for my cousins so we can all stay better connected. The problem
is an uneven level of connectness. The internet mitigates the geographic
dispersement.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Alice Hart, Director 
Project for Urban and Regional Affairs
280 UCEN, University of Michigan - Flint
303 E. Kearsley, Flint, MI  48502-2186
PHONE: (810) 762-3383 --- FAX: (810) 766-6838
EMAIL ADDRESS:  ahart@umich.edu
--------------------------------------------------------------------------



Date: Tue, 16 Jan 96 09:52:54 CST
From: hpatt@bush.cs.tamu.edu (Holly Patterson)

   Computers have had a major impact on my life. Besides being my major
in college, what I teach, and my research, the computer and the Internet
led me to my husband.

   I am on a Usenet newsgroup which is more like a chat space than a
discussion arena. Richard, a Canadian, was one of the members who greeted
me when I de-lurked. Othere than that, we never really corresponded
directly. But that does not mean that we didn't get to know each other;
I read his posts and he read mine. When you write to a newsgroup, you are
writing to everyone and when you read the posts, you are reading letters
from friends written directly to you even when they are to the group. That
is just the nature of posts on a newsgroup.

   I didn't get to meet Richard irl until we had our first international
conference--in Arizona, in August, 1995. Forty of us got together from
across the USA, Canada, the UK, and even New Zealand and the Netherlands.
We met, visited, laughed, cried, ate and acted silly for a week.
During that time Richard and I fell in love, although we didn't express
our feelings to each other at that time. We used email for that. And
long distance telephone calls -- lots of long distance phone calls!

   We were married in November. Now Richard uses email to keep in touch 
with his family back in Canada.

Holly Patterson

----------------------                     *******************************
Holly Patterson                            Tell me, and I forget...
hpatt@bush.cs.tamu.edu                     Teach me, and I may remember...
Texas A&M University                       Involve me, and I learn...
College Station, TX 77843                    Ben Franklin
http://bush.cs.tamu.edu/~hpatt
----------------------                     *******************************



Date: Tue, 16 Jan 96 11:08:48 EST
From: "David M. Chess" <dmchess@aol.com>

I work with computers all day for money, and basically live on the Net
while at work.  My kids have some games that they enjoy, and it always
amazes me to realize that they'll grow up taking 100MHz laptop computers
for granted.  My wife worked as a programmer for awhile, but didn't like
it much, and I've never quite lured her onto the Net.  At home, I use the
computer as a notebook and a toy; where I used to carry a book everywhere,
now I carry a laptop *and* a book.  I seldom get on the Net at home, since
I'm there all day at work.

Probably the biggest impact of computers on my family, though, has been
on my Dad.  He retired from his long career in industrial chemistry when
the lab he worked for did a personnel shrink.  He's always been into
Amateur Radio (i.e. a Ham), and when microcomputers started to get cheap,
he bought one of the early "trainer" kits, because it seemed like fun
hardware to hack around with.  The first computer I ever touched was a
tiny Morotola thing with 4K of memory and eight LEDs as output, in the
basement, in my Dad's ham shack.

Since he retired, Dad has gone into business as an independent programmer
and consultant.  He gets to learn new things, buy new toys, and help folks
out with their systems.  And it's a nice piece of income, too.  He knows
more about various parts of the field than I do, even though he's in the
generation that's supposed to dislike computers, and I'm in the one that's
supposed to love them.  When we talk shop, I'm generally the one that
gives out first!

For my family, computers have become a natural, and income-producing,
part of life, with no real negative impact that I can think of.  My Dad
and I have friends on other continents that we've never met, and my kids
have some cool toys.  But we still talk, and build snowmen, and read
books (lots and lots and lots of books), and hardly *ever* carry on
conversations entirely in binary!

- -- -
David M. Chess                    |     Diagnostics (n.) -- People who
High Integrity Computing Lab      |       aren't sure whether two gods
IBM Watson Research               |         exist.



Date: Tue, 16 Jan 96 10:57:02 +2000
From: Bill Kirby <wkirby@macsrv1.uwsp.edu>

My wife and I have found learning and discussing computers and their
application to home and classroom a very unifying activity.  She
eventually found it so worthwhile that she got a PhD in the subject after
about five years of home computing.

My 79 year old mother has been intrigued by computers for years.  She
bought an Apple IIe and she did make a little use of it.  But after
getting a discarded Mac and a 2400 modem from us in May, she joined
SeniorNet and now travels across the country occasionally to meet people
she has first gotten to know by email.  Some of the relations she has
started electronically have gotten to be very important socially.

My daughter and sister are on email.  Several members of my family have
shown a willingness to correspond actively on email when they never write
or phone.

Bill Kirby
Professor, School of Education
University of Wisconsin - Stevens Point
Stevens Point, WI 54481
wkirby@macsrv1.uwsp.edu
715-346-3638
fax: 715-346-4846




Date: Tue, 16 Jan 96 12:29:38 -0500
From: Graystreak <wex@media.mit.edu>

I'm a little unusual in this respect, in that computers are in my blood.
My family has a little heuristic that says "if there is a male Wexelblat
who spells his name with one 't' then he is involved with computers."
My father has the first Ph.D. in Computer Science in the world -- a fact
we didn't even realize until the ACM did the research and told us.

Nowadays kids all over grow up with computers in the house; in my youth
the "computer" was a 300-baud Decwriter my father used to work from
home.  I got my first Net access in 1983 on a computer run by my father's
research group (wxlvax, back in the Usenet days when vaxen ruled the
ether).

As such a family, email has been our main means of communication for
over ten years.  We've kept each other up to date on our lives, planned
travel/holidays/vacations, and recently kept each other informed when my
grandmother had to go into the hospital to have a pacemaker implanted.

By and large, the female side of the family has been less involved in
computers, though there are exceptions; my mother may yet break down
and get a modem and an AOL account.  I got my girlfriend on-line when
we were still separated by 3/4 of the continent (she lived in Denver).
Even though we now live in adjacent towns we still talk on email at least
twice a day.

My intentional family is also online-centric.  Those people I am close
to are the ones I can communicate with freely (cheaply?) and easily, and
that means email.  My long-distance bill is usually under $10/month, but
I have close relationships with people all over the US because of the net.

- --Alan Wexelblat, Reality Hacker, Author, and Cyberspace Bard
MIT Media Lab - Intelligent Agents Group		finger(1) for PGP key
Voice: 617-253-9833	Pager: 617-945-1842		wex@media.mit.edu
	http://wex.www.media.mit.edu/people/wex/
"No me deja botar el Microsoft Network en el Recycle Bin."




Date: Tue, 16 Jan 1996 09:43:06 -0800 (PST)
From: D Shniad <shniad@sfu.ca>

This is an easy one, Phil.  The introduction of computers has allowed both
me and my wife to continue doing the work we do at work while we are at
home.  Seemless work environment.  Longer days.  More demands.

Cheers,

Sid



Date: Tue, 16 Jan 1996 18:07:20 +0000
From: m.finn@finndesign.emnet.co.uk (Mike Finn)

Amazingly enough for a relatively conservative family our use of computers
is growing on a weekly basis.  Heading the list of technophobes is my
wife who is now reluctantly finding that they may well have some merit -
especially when it is time to produce worksheets for her class of children
with learning difficulties.

The one key advantage that we have to overcome the technophobia is the
fact that we are Macintosh rather than pc based.  In the design studio
I run everyone now swears by the family of Macs - from the Supermac -
an 8500 100mhz for lots of photo imaging manipulation to Babymac - which
handles the correspondence and admin.

The distinctly friendly approach of the Macs has been a major factor in
helping us all overcome our fear of failing.  And the sheer friendliness
of the error messages is not to be overlooked - None of the stark horror
that "error" causes.

Interest levels at home have leapt with the introduction of net access -
as have the phone bills!  Amazingly the biggest draw has been the thrill
of email and the ability to make friendships and conduct correspondence
with people around the world.

Both my children 17 and 15 respectively have taken to it like ducks to
water and both are quite happy to self regulate their time.

Both of them look at the computer as a handy machine, schoolwork is being
produced more and more using both the mac and a trusty old Amstrad machine
which still clunks through a basic word processing package.  Typing
skills are gradually being honed and perhap most interesting of all, their
ability to review their thinking processes and make changes is much more
to the fore, now that they can use all the word processing benefits of
cutting and pasting etc.

For the future - it is highly likely that email will play a significant
part in our lives as the children grow and move to other parts of the
world.  Already the amazing intimacy of email is in no small way bringing
back the thrill that used to accompany a hand written letter.  And at the
same time it is encouraging them to explore social and philosphical issues
with others on the net.

Looking to a more extended family - this includes for me some exceptional
people whom I have had the privilege to meet.  They range from single
parents in Australia who are holding down two jobs in order to finance
their mature University education, to someone battling against physical
disability who has found an outlet for their creative talents through web
page design. Or the feisty 15 year old with huge latent talent who is
discovering that adults don't always have to put him down.



Date: Tue, 16 Jan 1996 13:51:38 -0500
From: rj.mills@pti-us.com (Dick Mills)

Computers made my family "computer widows".  

I've been an incurable hacker ever since I caught the bug in 1966.  The
passion has never slacked. If I'm not at the office 14 hours per day,
then I'm upstairs with the computer (my 6th personal computer since 1978).
Before personal computers I used to haul teletype machines home in the
trunk.

Is a hacker just an ordinary workaholic?  Not if you read their
description in "The New Hacker's Dictionary".  I've got all the symptoms,
including aversion to daylight :)

Did my wife and kids suffer because of computers?  Maybe some, but I don't
think very much.  We're blessed with very loving relationships and that
can compensate for lots of other shortcomings.

One perverse effect is that I've been very successful in mentoring a
few young people who were eager to be bitten by the bug.  They have very
successful computer carreers.  Unfortunately, all three of my own children
had aversions to the bug so they've chosen very different career paths
than their dad.  No chance to mentor them.

I guess the moral is: Old hackers never die, they withdraw into cyberspace.

--
Dick Mills                               +1(518)395-5154
AKA dmills@albany.net      http://www.albany.net/~dmills 



Date: Tue, 16 Jan 1996 14:53:56 -0500
From: esmay@syndicomm.com (Dean Esmay)

The role computers (and networks) have played in my family is pivotal --
I wouldn't have my family without them.

I met my wife on the Usenet.  Within seven months of our first
correspondence, we were married.

I have had other relationships with close friendships that developed
through email, but meeting my wife was probably the best thing it brought
me.  Being online made me a different person.  I think without it, not
only might I never have met Rosemary, but I might not be the kind of
person she would have married.  I used to be a very shy, withdrawn person.
I found that by exploring the world of online communications, in places
like local bulletin boards and the Usenet, I could grow more confident and
more outgoing.  A veteran of many "flame wars" and just as many genuinely
fruitful and interesting online discussions, I learned to overcome
shyness, learned how to communicate assertively without offending (most
of the time), and learned how I could meet other people with similar
interests.  I went, over a period of a decade and a half (yes, I've
been online that long) from being a shy, insecure loner to a man and a
productive, active member of the community.

So not only did I meet my wife through computer networking, computer
networking made me the kind of man that she would want to marry.

I should also say that we did not just "meet" because of the internet --
our relationship developed first through email, later through telephone
and personal contact, but always the email continued.  Today I still
exchange email regularly with my wife.  Sometimes, we have used it to
work out our differences, because we can write things that are difficult
to say, and writing what you have to say down gives you time to think. 
Of course it can cause problems too, as minor items get blown up into
major ones because of email miscommunications.  But overall, it's helped
us more than it's hurt us.

It also keeps us close because while she's at work, I can shoot her a
note any time without disrupting her, just to say "hi" or ask her what
she wants to do for dinner or whether she thinks Lamar Alexander would
make a good President.  And she can write to me in the same way.  Most
days, while we're both at work, we'll trade a half-dozen notes or more:
sometimes long ones, more often just short little one-liners.  It keeps
us close without being intrusive.

What's the internet done for my family?  Just made it possible to exist,
that's all.  :-)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean Esmay, esmay@syndicomm.com                            (313) 359-1704
Syndicomm Inc. Online Management                http://www.syndicomm.com/



Date: Tue, 16 Jan 96 15:21 PST
From: jgraves@learncd.com (John Graves)

Our family of four has experimented with a new computer-enabled lifestyle
for the last 12 months, with generally good results.  The costs are too
high and the income too low for us to keep it up much longer, but the
potential is clear for the future.  When this type of lifestyle becomes
workable and affordable for us, we will be happy to adopt it.

The experiment began when I quit a regular eight-to-five job to try
starting a home-based business as a multimedia developer.  This meant
I was home all day, every day, rather than away at an office.  Our young
daughters (age 4 and 10) liked this very much.  We could have breakfast,
lunch and dinner together.  We could go outside to play during breaks.
My wife liked that I was available to take care of some household chores
and to watch our girls occassionally when she needed to go out.  I enjoyed
dressing for work in shorts and a t-shirt, rather than shirt and tie.

To make up for the lack of professional social contacts, I became more
involved in several local organizations which met in the evenings.  As
I met new people, this led to new friendships for our family.  I came to
feel much more involved with the local community.

Computers were only peripherally involved in all this.  One of our new
friends was a journalist.  He quit a newspaper job to stay home to write
a book and his family's lifestyle became very similar to ours.

If computers do herald the demise of traditional jobs, some families may
benefit from the increased togetherness, but new stresses can arise over
financial concerns, particularly health insurance.  The hardest part for
us has been dealing with a new sense of uncertainty.  We were led into
our experiment, in part, by the hype surrounding the internet.  It was
like the experience of so many gold miners who, after staking their lives
on the promise of finding riches in California, found themselves doing a
lot of hard, risky work with few rewards.  But just surviving as a pioneer
family generates a sense of pride.  We tried.  Given the chance, we will
try again.

John Graves
jgraves@learncd.com




Date: Wed, 17 Jan 1996 00:50:30 +0100
From: torforde@sn.no (Tor Forde)

Hey!

Computers and my family!

When I got my first PC my eldest son was about ten years old, and the
computer was a very good thing for the relationship between him and me.
We got something that we both got very interested in, and could cooperate
about, and spend a lot of time together with.

Before I got that computer our relationship was not very good, but it
improved very much, and therefore I would say that that computer was a
good thing to my family.

And with this computer I have got a lot more to do at home, and find the
time I spend at home more interesting.

Hilsen
       Tor Forde

email: torforde@oslonett.no
email: tforde@politicus.bbs.no



Date: Tue, 16 Jan 1996 15:40:51 -0800
From: rainday@scn.org (SCN User)

I have to divide my family experiences into two separate catagories: On
line and at home.

At home, I have a loving wife who insists on staying as computer
illiterate as possible.  So for the most part our computer (when not
on line) is used as a word processor and database.  I sometimes find
it frustrating that I am not able to share my sense of wonder about what
goes on in the virtural world with my wife.  She just doesn't care.....
In fact, sometimes she worries that I spend too much time on our computer.
Though I must say on her behalf, that she is happy to take advantage of it
when it suits some specific need.

On line, I have learned to use the net and world wide web to keep informed
on things I am interested in, through both websites and mailing lists.  I
have discovered mailing lists that have become new communities of friends
for the discourse of ideas.  I have discovered a world (and wealth) of
possibilities that have led to new interests and a desire to find out
more.  Finally, I have used the internet to make new friends (several of
whom I have never met in person) and keep in touch with both old friends
and relatives, which of course extends my family beyond my physical
boundries.  I find the mere fact that e-mail has resurrected the letter
as a form of communication for my generation to be a wonderful thing.

Hope this helps....

--
Streator
rainday@scn.org
Another wonderful, wet day in paradise 




Date: Wed, 17 Jan 1996 00:20:12 -0700
From: shell@sfu.ca (Barry Shell)

You're probably going to get this from a lot of people but I'd say the
following:

1. My mom in Santa Barbara and my sister in Edmonton have modems and
computers thanks to me and we communicate regularly. My mom who is almost
69 got in touch with at least a dozen online relatives all over the world
from Ohio to Ontario, and even Israel, and she created a crude mail list
and we can now all keep in touch. Very cool. When Rabin was assasinated
for instance our family got direct email from Israel from one of my
cousins there. This was neat. We have less long distance phone calls as
a result of computer communications. My mom also reads the Toronto Globe
and Mail online, and also gets transcripts of the CBC evening news online.
Otherwise, in Southern California, you'd never know Canada exists, except
for maybe Wayne Gretsky on the LA Kings.

2. I have a mac, but when I got one with a DOS card in it, my kids
really started to play more on it, especially my 4-year-old. I notice
that computer games are really an integral part of the lives of the
neighbourhood children. They like to watch each other play. If you include
Nintendo in your definition of computer, then I don't have to say what
a huge effect that is on family life. Also, I've amused you before with
my stories about how installing DOS games brings me and my kids together.
FYI: as an indication of the success and pervasiveness of Microsoft's
campaign for Windows95, when I installed it on my machine and my
4-year-old girl (who definitely cannot read) saw the blue sky backdrop
for the first time, she said, "Hey Daddy, it's Windows 95!" So I would
say this is an effect on our family or is this just an effect of good
marketing?

3. And finally, with no intention whatsoever to self-promote (you can
change my name or website name if you want), my Great Canadian Scientists
project was completely born of the Internet, first as postings to
newsgroups in 92. Lots of checking of nominations and nominees by email,
then last year a web site and gopher server. This year I've received a
pretty lucrative contract from Canada's SchoolNet to enhance the site,
and we are also getting a lot of money to create a CD-ROM. All this is
being done thanks to computers in my life and though it's a sideline, it
may really help pay off the mortgage a lot quicker. The site's feedback
facility also garner's a modicum of interesting email and personal contact
for me every week.

4. The more opinion pieces I do on the Internet as a freelance writer, the
more work I seem to get.

barry

 ===========================================================
 Barry Shell                 Research Communications Manager
 shell@sfu.ca                     Centre For Systems Science
 604-291-4710                        Simon Fraser University
 fas.sfu.ca/css/update/barry.html             fas.sfu.ca/css

       Great Canadian Scientists: fas.sfu.ca/css/gcs



Date: Wed, 17 Jan 96 07:54:13 -0500
From: mob@media.mit.edu

My wife and I make many decisions based in part on the results of computer
analysis.  For example, we confirmed IRA mutual fund allocations using a
constrained optimization routine available in Splus.  This year, we had
to decide on renting vs buying where we were going to live together, and
computer analysis played an important role in discovering how we felt
about our options.

Before we got married last April, we had started to look for a place
to live together.  We were looking to buy because that was the advice
we often heard, but we didn't know how to decide whether it was right
for us.  We needed reasons.  I had remembered that the misc.invest FAQ
included a section on the rent vs buy decision, a very good starting point
for us.  Together, we took the advice in the section, and evolved an Excel
spreadsheet that took into account most factors mentioned in the FAQ with
the addition of a few of our own.

I say, "evolved" because over the span of two months, the spreadsheet
changed to reflect our growing understanding of our concerns.  For
example, we were worried that the down payment would deplete our financial
resources at a time where we most needed them.  Through playing with the
numbers and factors, we found to our surprise that contrary to popular
advice, it would be best for us to put as little down as possible.  This
would not only let us keep our savings for a rainy day, but even pay off
in greater savings in the long run.

Over the time of the search, the spreadsheet became a place to record
our findings and assumptions.  When looking, we created a column for
every place we considered as a candidate so that we might compare them. 
The information about change in property values we gleaned from the city
assessor's office, one of the most influential considerations in making
a decision, was reflected in different appreciation rates.  And when it
came time to make an offer, we used some models to give us an idea of
what might be going through the seller's mind.  Finally, the spreadsheet
led us to reject buying at this time, and instead to pour our energies
into finding a rental place that would meet our needs.  Here, it provided
guidelines as to what payment would make renting more attractive than
buying.

In the end, we found a great place to rent, learned about our money, our
living preferences, and about buying a place, and felt like we had made a
great reasoned decision together.




Date: Wed, 17 Jan 1996 14:55:31 GMT
From: Ian Miles <MBZIDM@mh1.mcc.ac.uk>

It would be a very long essay indeed to handle all of this.

My first home computer was c1980 and I've always had at least one
since.  Separated from my wife and daughter, and my daughter got a model
compatible with mine - made for a good series of interchanges (writing
little programmes for each other etc).  Daughter got heavily into both IT
and environmental issues, and later this year will go to Portugal to make
an enviromental database for people there.

Computers a good point of contact between her and her (now-separated too)
stepfather, and half-sister.  Relations with the stepfather were often
strained, but this is an interest in common, and she's got him using the
net now.  She is also teaching her mother and others to use home computers
constructively for mail and more.

Then another element of the family where there's been more contact than
there would have been otherwise is with my elder sister, her husband
and son.  The adults have numerous computers as hobby but also to run
their home business (multiplayer role gaming - not online!)  This mutual
interest led to much intercahnage about computers - with lacunae when
hardware platforms diverged.  the son is now producing multimedia and with
CDROMs coming we have more links again.  My daughter and her cousin became
much closer friends than would otherwise have been possible.

My young sons are just getting into home computing now...

As well as the good links supported by these mutual interests, there has
been the usual alienation of the non-interested, especially the older
generation such as my mother.

Enough for now, maybe more to come.

 ---------------------------------------    
    Ian Miles                            
    PREST, University of Manchester, UK  
    tel +44-161-275-5922                 
    fax +44-161-273-1123                 
 --------------------------------------- 




Date: Wed, 17 Jan 1996 11:03:11 -0500
From: lethin@ai.mit.edu (Rich Lethin)

Last spring, my siblings and I purchased a spiffy multimedia PC for my
parents.  They'd been working on an old monochrome 8086 PC, so the new
machine really blew them away.  I think it's had a great effect on my
father, a retired engineer: he has a new vitality, partly attributible
to the machine.  First, it's opened a new communication channel (email)
among our family. And second, it's opened a new world of vitality and
exploration and fun for him.  For example, he seems to get endless
pleasure searching Microsoft Encarta and Cinemania.  And this enthusiams
seems to have carried over into other dimensions: he and my mother seem
to be travelling more and enjoying other noncomputer aspects of life.

---
Concurrent VLSI Arch. Group     545 Technology Sq., Rm. 610
MIT AI Lab                      Cambridge, MA 02139 (617)-253-0972



Date: Wed, 17 Jan 1996 12:01 -0500 (EST)
From: "Van Horn, Richard" <Richard.Van.Horn@FMR.Com>

My wife, after years of considering herself an online widow, is slowly
seeing the power of the World Wide Web.  She has been able to research
topics of interest to her quickly and easily, and I am finding that we
need to schedule time on the computer to avoid any conflicts.

My father has also arrived online and is using it for his hobby:
woodworking.  He has received construction / design plans for several
pieces he would never have known about if it weren't for AOL.  He is also
using email to keep in contact with distant friends.

Both of these examples may not seen very significant, but I consider my
wife and father to be more mainstream than myself in regard to computers
and less fanatical about the Information Age.  So when I see them
utilizing the Web and email for their interests, it not only helps me
justify my extra phoneline, but it shows me the mainstream is learning how
empowering computers and connectivity can be, and that my enthusiasm and
excitement are not misguided.




Date: Wed, 17 Jan 1996 12:21:20 -0600
From: roberts@stolaf.edu

Compters were introduced to my family through my use of computers at work
at my workplace, and my eventual "need" for a companion machine for my
work at home.  To say that it was not appreciated by the rest of my family
in those early years would be an understatement.  I appeared to them to
enjoy working on the computer and it sometimes seemed to them to be a
friend of mine which took me away from time with them.

Things changed during a sabbatical a few years ago when we took my
computer and modem along.  It allowed my wife as well as me to keep in
close contact with our friends back home.  We both acknowledged that we
usually knew more about the daily life of some of our friends via email
connections across the country than we often did when we lived a few
blocks away from each other.  That sold my wife.

When we returned after sabbatical we encouraged our young adult children
to find a computer and modem or other Internet connection, and we began
email contact with them as well.  These developments have lead to a
frequent question between my wife and me, "Anything on email?"  translated
at home as "Anything from the Susan or Steve, or from ... or ..., today?"

More recently, with the advent of the availability of both more
information, and more personal reflection about information on the WWW, we
have begun using the computer at home for some WWW searches for questions
related to medical issues and travel. Frankly these do not have near the
motivational "pull" as personal communication from people we care about,
but I have the sense that we are now just scratching the WWW surface, and
who knows what tomorrow will bring.

Bruce Roberts




Date: Wed, 17 Jan 1996 16:27:56 -0400
From: lisangus@angustel.ca (Lis Angus)

I asked my daughter, Jess -- (age 19, away at university this year) -- to
respond to your request for comments on how computers affect our family.
I'll try to add some comments of my own.

I see she says "we kids have even made a few friends on the net through
chatting." That's maybe an understatement.  Last summer Jess had a
regular group of 7 or 8 teenagers all over the US she "chatted" with every
day. These friendships became quite strong -- when we visited Orlando from
Toronto at the end of August, one of the Web friends drove FROM DALLAS to
get together with her!  Our younger daughter (age 12) has chat friends in
Australia, South Africa, etc -- as well as in the next town.

Both kids have used computers for schoolwork for several years, each
gradually inheriting computers of increased capacity. Both also use
computers at school. Jess is in first-year engineering, where computers
are a key tool. Our 12 year old is learning Web page construction at
school, and had a course in "CAD" instead of the traditional shop-and-
home-ec classes! And last year she participated in a several-school
on-line workshop to design a habitat on Mars.

Suffice it to say that we have become a family where a computer is each
member's personal tool. Woe to anyone who changes another's preferences
(email, screen savers, web brower preferences, etc.)

Myself, while I've never seen a need for keeping recipes on a computer
(horrors!) I do keep family addresses, lists of Xmas presents to give,
etc. in Excel files. I also am compiling our family tree on computer.
I keep in regular touch by email with 2 sisters and a sister in law, as
well as my daughter and nieces -- and I use on-screen fax to send messages
to my brother who doesn't have email. I keep our family finances straight
(more or less) with Quicken. My husband compiles his playlist for a blues
radio show he hosts, on a volunteer basis, from time to time. He also
participates in a blues internet mailing list, with 60 or so messages a
day being the norm.

In addition, we use computers at work for EVERYTHING.  (We have a small
family-owned business, 12 employees in two sites.) The big transformation
this year is to using the Web and email, now that our internal network
is connected to the internet and we are maintaining a corporate web site.

-- Lis Angus

--- Forwarded mail from "J. Angus" <u9502904@muss.CIS.McMaster.CA>

Date: Wed, 17 Jan 1996 16:06:34 -0500 (EST)
From: "J. Angus" <u9502904@muss.CIS.McMaster.CA>

Oh, sheesh - you think I have time to be writing essays for you? My
goodness, you are sadly disillusioned...but here's a quick try at it;
I hope it's okay.

It's hard to say how computers have affected my family life, since we have
had computers since I was young. I've had my own PC since I was twelve or
thirteen, so I don't really know a life without one.

As far as our family life is now, I don't see how we could get along
without computers.  Being in university an hour away from home, I email
both of my parents almost daily. It saves us tremendous amounts of money
on phone bills, and lets us leave each other messages with little bits of
information which might otherwise be deemed unworthy of an entire phone
call.

At home, we each have our own PC, everyone with a CD ROM and an internet
hookup.  We all enjoy Web Browsing, and we kids have even made a few
friends on the net through chatting.  It has truly become a big part of
our lives.

At school, I use my computer mostly for word processing - typing up
reports and letters - and email.  My roommate, who was computer illiterate
before she came to school, couldn't live without my computer any more than
I could. She uses it just as much as I do...once people see how useful
computers can be, they can't resist jumping right in!

Threre, that's all you'll get from me!  Have a good one!

Jess
xo

---End of forwarded mail from "J. Angus" 
<u9502904@muss.CIS.McMaster.CA>

-- 
LIS ANGUS                       Tel: 905-686-5050 ext 221                  
Angus TeleManagement Group      Fax: 905-686-2655  
8 Old Kingston Road             e-mail: lisangus@angustel.ca 
Ajax Ontario Canada L1T 2Z7     http://www.angustel.ca




Date: Thu, 18 Jan 96 05:06:00 UTC 0000
From: c.westberg@genie.com

 Computers have enabled me to enjoy my real family more than I would have
been able to otherwise.

 1.  My first acquaintance was with an IBM 650 at Inland Steel in Indiana
Harbor.  Working with that and 407's, etc. taught me a lot about data
handling including not to drop a tray of cards.  I learned what the beasts
can do and how they can make life easier and a lot more productive.

 2.  Many years passed while working for Hunt Foods where it was believed
that computers belonged to those in the lab coats.  It was difficult for
a person in the field to get any computer service so it was back to the
pencil, columnar pad and the calculator for any analysis.

 3.  When the MicroComputer came out I thought that heaven had come; to
have a machine that would do what you told it to do rather than a union
clerk that did what they pleased.  However, management did not see it
that way.  After several attempts to talk management into buying one, I
talked to a friend in Purchasing who had the only IBM 5050 in the company.
He said it was simple, just spend so much on timeshare that it would be
cheaper for the company to buy one.

 4.  I decided instead to go more head on and convince the VP level what
an intelligent, motivated person could do.  I bought a used TRS-80 and
learned how to program it.  Don't laugh, it was what I could afford.  I
did budget calculations at home ( one of the other managers told me not to
bring it in or they would never buy one, just let me use my own ) instead
of staying nights.  I think they got embarrased and finally bought an IBM
5050 for my use.

 5.  After converting and augmenting programs, I got to go home nights and
stay home week-ends.

As you might imagine from the long winded note, I could go on for quite
a while.  I'm retired now and do some bookkeeping and grant writing for a
non-profit on a volunteer basis.  I have successfully dragged my boys into
the computer era and the subject provides a common interest and subject
of conversation other than sports.  My wife also "dinks" around with
either her volunteer stuff or just for fun.  Rather than separating us
the computer has given us a common interest and more time for each other.

Carl Westberg




Date: Thu, 18 Jan 1996 07:34:03 -0500 (EST)
From: mwalker@Phoenix.kent.edu (Walker Martha      )

How have computers changed my life and my family? (Not to mention the
Red Rock Eater, which I find very stimulating.) I confess to starting
every day with email. Before toothbrushing, breakfast, or Nordic Track,
I check in with friends, colleagues and family across the country and
the world. My husband isn't as "social" as I, so he pads down to find
me in my study, once he wakens. It was my daughter (a library science
student) who taught me the wonders of electronic communication. It took
her one week at my elbow, but she broadened my world and communication
in it exponentially.  My daughter-in-law is also a librarian, so we three
share "good addresses" and messages. It surely defeats the time distance
between Ohio and California. Most notable effect: strengthening family
communication.

-- 
Martha Lentz Walker                                                           
310 White Hall - Kent State University                                        
Kent, OH  44242                                                               
(216)672-2662                                                                 
mwalker@Phoenix.Kent.edu                                                      





Date: Thu, 18 Jan 1996 18:56:37 +0100
From: Ricardo Sanchez Ramos <rsanchez@comsrv.ddnet.es>

        Hi! computers (plural) are a very complex character in our
family. I love computers. Mom hates them, and thinks she is really
lucky because she has never touched them. My father is tired of hearing
my stories about computers: this operative system is..., What a mess
of program..., you know, those matters you discuss freely with your
compu-friends. So... our relationships are complex. When my mather
is telling my parent her job-stories, I'm impulsively waiting her to
end and tell him that I have discovered something unbelievable about
Windows95. :-) I just hope my father to be sotrong! :))

        Computers are the most important thing in my life. I spend many
hours with them in a day. First, I work with them in my institute. I'm
the manager of our computer class. I keep the computers ready to be used.
I get all the software that teachers and other classmates need, setup
the soft, copy and install the applications, and I'm gonna be the manager
of our Internet access. When I get home, I try to spend all the time the
axams let me for computers. I have to help my dissappointed father to use
his soft.  And, as if this were not enough, I solve the computer problems
of my friends who are all the day asking why do they have to have more
than 1MB for running DOOM.

        Luckily, I like this. So... I recognize fairly that computers
have changed my life. When I can't use the computer I get borred. It would
be really hard to me to survive a week without them. The last days of my
summer-holidays (when we go to the beach for 2 weeks) are special: I feel
I need a keyboard. Those who use compuerts daily, will be nodding. The
sound and the tact of a good keyboard is unique. It makes a slow system to
be more comfortable and seem to be faster than any other.

        When I am with my friends somewhere, the subject to discuss is
related to computers. I get rid of those persons who hate computers.

        So, Computers are a powerful tool for altering the life of people.
But if you can enter in our world, please, do not refuse. Computers are
the solution to be atemporal, time will disappear, you won't be in front
of a silly machine, you'll be in the core of the knowledge and have
thousands of fantastic planes where develop and learn.

        If you found it boring, at the least you will have great stories
to tell.

-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o
						Ricardo Sanchez
   The AT - INCITE President!	        Internet:rsanchez@mail.ddnet.es
    (ask for information)		FIDONet :(Ricardo Sanchez) 2:341/36
					SUBNet  :(Ricardo Sanchez) 93:341/36
-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o=o-o




Date: 18 Jan 1996 11:29:13 U
From: "Andrea Saveri" <asaveri@iftf.org>

Computers are creeping into our family, and I would say this is mostly due
to the communications aspect rather than the computing power.  My brother,
sister and I, use computers at work regularly (brother is an attorney,
sister is a k-12 teacher and I do research at a think tank)..  Because my
sister refuses to get an answering machine (invasion of privacy and other
such reasoning that seems silly to us but perfectly normal to her) the
only way to get in touch and leave a message is to e-mail.  So we do, a
lot.  I have ongoing conversations with her and my brother through email.
We still talk a lot on the phone--email has not replaced any of our normal
communication (we're a very close family, all live apart, but near each
other and our parents in SF) but the communicating PC has given us yet
another tool that we can appropriate to gab even more.  When I travel
for work, especially out of the country, I can keep in touch with the two
of them through email, and they inform my parents of my whereabouts and
let them know I'm OK.  This is great when getting a phone connection is
difficult or costly through a hotel (Mexico, Chile).

The lesson here, for me, corroborates some other research that I have
been doing in consumer media, which is that technologies like PCs, pagers,
fax, etc. get absorbed into a very complex family or household dynamic--a
context where there are other devices, roles, patterns of communication,
power, etc.  Understanding this helps us understand why people buy tools
and how they get used, which is often very different from how they are
intended to be used by the vendor and even different from the purchaser's
original (or stated) intention.  The three of us always had computers,
but until they were communicating we never used them as a "family" device
or for personal reasons.  My parents think it's great but still never
use computers for personal use--although I do get a few requests for web
searches from my mother now that she know there is "all that information
out there".  We have become gatekeepers to cyberspace for the rest of the
family.

My other sister--the oldest, married with two kids (3 1/2 and 5 1/2) just
purchased a new computer which has CDRom, speakers, the works.  She and
her husband will do work at home with this (he is a controller for a big
company and she does freelance legal work), and it will do fun color MM
stuff for the kids (their old hand me down MAC SEs can't use a lot of the
new educational, multimedia applications).  They are just setting up their
communications so I guess soon all of us will be connected, except our
parents.  In fact, I have re-connected with a few close college friends
or out of state friends that I rarely spoke with through the internet.  We
use it as ongoing, drumb beat communication to stay in touch and not rack
up huge phone bills.

Andrea




Date: Thu, 18 Jan 1996 16:09:16 -0500
From: rstuart@esf.uvm.edu (Ralph Stuart, University of Vermont)

The most important effect computers have had on my family (i.e. blood
relatives) has been via the Internet. Correspondence between me and a
net-savvy uncle enabled us to build a relationship that was much stronger
than it otherwise would be and which has been valuable at various family
events/crises. We've encouraged other members of the family to become
involved in the correspondence without any success. My guess is that the
computer network learning curve is too big a hurdle, even for those people
who are computer literate for professional purposes. I think that non-net
the relatives respect the value of the correspondence, but think that
family issues are too personal to mix with machines (other than the phone
;) ).

Ralph Stuart
Chemical Safety Coordinator
University of Vermont
655 Spear St.
Burlington, VT   05405

rstuart@moose.uvm.edu
fax: (802)656-5407

Owner: SAFETY list
           lepc list   




Date: Fri, 19 Jan 1996 23:15:31 -0500 (EST)
From: Selia Karsten <skarsten@oise.on.ca>

In 1989 I got an Amiga500, eager to do desktop video - I bought graphics
software and a genlock and an big drawing tablet - thinking - here I go!
But there it all sat for about four years as I realized there was a bit
more to it than plug and play. Eventually I typed a few letters, played
a few games. In 1993 I got a chance to play on PCs and MACs - Coreldraw,
Photoshop, Authorware and all sorts of ideas for educational application.
Brenda Laurel's The Computer as Theatre was great eye-opener. With my
theatre background, being a teacher - I dove into designing my first CD
ROM. I dreamed up stuff on the Amiga 3000 and 4000, transferred it to
the 660AV and later to the PC for a hybrid disk. These days I'm halfway
to a doctorate in curriculum, focusing on Web potential for interactive
learning.  Since summer I've been creating pages for both work (at a
college)and for my graduate classes.

Fifteen years ago I didn't even want an electric typewriter - a real
Luddite.  And now - if I had the resources I'd have the latest greatest
workstation going! And I'd have one for each of my students so they could
create their own learning materials too.

Selia Karsten
skarsten@oise.on.ca




Date: Mon, 22 Jan 1996 12:24:21 -0500
From: Roger Sircar <rsircar@massmutual.com>

I have been exposed to personal computer since my college days, however
my family, particularly my parents and wife did not ever see a personal
computer until I purchased a Leading Edge 8088 computer in 1985.

In the beginning everyone was excited to see simple graphics (basic
programs) and word processing. I started to use the PC to keep track
of my budgets do taxes and word processing. Then one day I saw the phone
number of a local BBS (now out of business) at a local Radio Shack store.
I used my modem (1200 baud) and communication software (Bitcom) to call
that number. I was expecting a login procedure of a mainframe, but I was
strangely confused at the blinking graphics of the logon screen. After
I successfully logged in I saw the wealth of information, particularly
in conferences and files. I could not figure out how to download a binary
file using the proper transfer protocal. It took almost a week after
various experimentation to settle down on Kermit as the most reliable file
transmission protocal.

I soon found out the phone numbers of other BBS in the general area
and started calling them too. Soon I was calling long distance as far
as Walnut Creek, CA.  My phone bills started going up and I spend most
of the evenings on weekend (till wee hours in the morning) calling BBSs.
I had collected shareware that I could not even use ( I had a monochrome
monitor). Soon my wife was getting upset at me because I would spend so
much time on the computer and neglected her and our new born baby. At one
time I had over 100 BBS numbers that I would call and most ofter I would
tie up our only phone line for hours.  Friends and relatives could not
understand why our line was always busy in the evenings.

Then one day after receiving a phone bill that was beyond what we
could afford, I got the ultimatum, it was going to be the computer or
the family.  I had to severly cut down on my BBsing, calling only local
numbers (which were busy most of the times, because they had only one
line). Then I taught my wife how to use Dbase to keep track of addresses,
recipies etc. Soon she was using the computer and a point came where we
would get into arguments as to who could use it.

Incidentally my son, was about a year old by now and started appreciating
the tones played by basic programs. Very soon he would walk into the room
and demand that I play tunes for him on the computer. He was fascinated
by the noise of a dot matrix printer and would stare endlessly at that
device.  Couple of years after that I bought a used 286 computer, then a
386 and finally a 486 that I am using now. I paid more for my first 8088
computer than what I paid for my 486.

My old computers are still working, though I had to replace a floppy or
harddrive. I still have the very first C program I wrote that did mortgage
calculations. Sometimes I still plug my 8088 and boot up with DOS 2.1 and
run old software and remember those days with nostalgia where I was among
the elite with a 1200 baud modem. My friends were still using Commodore
with 64K RAM and I had 640K RAM and could use Lotus 1.1 and Dbase I.

I think I will keep the 8088 which is older than my son and pass it on to
him, who by the way will not use anything other than the 486 and Windows
to play games and do school work. I remind him how he was fascinated by
that computer when he was an infant.

I guess the tag line, "you have come a long way baby" applies in this
case, because now I am using a Pentium at work and have internet access.
I am sure I will buy the next generation of PC as long as they are
affordable and add to my collection of computers. All this started from
a humble 8088 that still brings back fond memories and still works.

Roger Sircar
rsircar@massmutual.com
*** Roger Sircar ***




Date: 25 Jan 96 02:24:29 EST
From: Lynn Phillips <72212.240@compuserve.com>

    I'm Lynn, 48, a writer.  I work on a Zeos 486-66 weekdays and an old
Everex 386-20 weekends.  Jim's my husband, 41, a builder and sculptor. 
I love our computers and he stays clear of 'em.  Jim can't articulate his
aversion to computers, but for years I assumed that they seem too fussy
to him, too full of little details that don't add up to anything worth
meaning.  Windows. Cutsey icons.  Modem bottlenecks.  Fuzzy, cartoony,
lurid, flat graphics.  Big deal.

     He could catalogue his art work on computer and do mailings to
galleries and clients, but he'd rather let someone else do it, or not
do it at all and just make the art.  He likes to use the words "BOOT"
and "ESCAPE" as jokes -- throw them into conversation as purposeful
irrelevancies.  How about a warm boot?  How about an escape!

      I fell in love with my Kaypro in '82 and never worked at a
typewriter again. I like my computers because they make it both physically
and psychologically easier for me to detach from my first draft and
re-write.  I like them because they remember everything and I remember too
little. I like being able to integrate graphics and text more routinely.
I love being able to fax my favorite articles, to do political mailings
and E-mailings in a day, to keep track of friends across country.  My
computers connect me to the way that all computers are now changing some
thngs about how the world works, connects, patterns itself.  I like riding
the curl of history.  I spend more and more time working at and thinking
about my computers.  I'm starting to do more and more research from my
desk.  I'm suffering from computer lusts and their discontents:

Should I swap Compuserve for a direct internet provider?  Everpresent ache
to upgrade.  Yearnings for a level of expertise I lack the head or the
time to acquire.  Still, I love the frontier-i-ness of it all and I've
always wondered about what's really behind Jim's refusal to venture in.

   Then, a few weeks ago, Jim announced out of nowhere: "Someday, it's all
going to crash, the computer stuff."

    A new clue!  Maybe it's the insubstantiality of it all that he
doesn't trust.  You can't hide the ethernet in an earthen jar in a desert
cave like a Gnostic gospel.  You can't safeguard it with fire retardant
sheet rock or protect it from an electromagnetic field-reversing comet, a
cyber war, a je ne sais quoi.  His aversion to computers isn't about the
Luddites so much as it's about the library at Alexandria, the fragility
of the skills, the vulnerability of culture and survival to catastrophe.
Keep your knowledge in your hands and your head so you don't lose it.
Know how to calculate the slant of rafters, the load a wall can carry.
Do your addition on paper with a little stub of a pencil sharpened with a
knife, and you'll still be able to add after the lightning knocks out the
juice.

So perhaps I love our computer for the same reasons he loves avoiding
it -- our choices give us each a sense of mastery, humility and autonomy.
If he's right, we'll one day be happy for his stubborn refusal to join us,
and in the meantime, I'll be able to finish my re-writes quickly enough to
have time to do his damn mailings.




Date: Thu, 25 Jan 1996 16:19:23 +0200 (IST)
From: Lucia Wright <lucia@bgumail.bgu.ac.il>

Computers have expanded my family, literally. My husband and I met at the
beginning of summer 1995 on a discussion list for people who want to quit
smoking: smoke-free@msstate.edu. We had an online courtship that led to
an online engagement, that was followed by a face to face meeting and a
wedding in October. Whereas we met on a list, and briefly tired irc, we
communicated primarily via 'talk' on unix and viewed pictures together
on a web site.  The hardest part about our story is the speed with
which profound changes have been introduced into our (and our extended
families') lives. The most wonderful part of our story is that we really
would never have met if not for the computer communications possible
over the internet.  Randy lived in Vancouver, Canada and I was in Beer
Sheva, Israel. That's about 10,000 miles apart!  We tell our story, with
pictures, on our homepage:

http://www.coopnet.org/wright

In addition, computers help us stay in touch with our siblings and
parents. We keep a family budget on a spread sheet and send each other
notes from work now and again.

lucia
 @bgumail.bgu.ac.il




Date: Fri, 26 Jan 1996 22:43:08 GMT
From: The ~Mad Doc~ <maddoc@siacs.demon.co.uk>

(Lets see if I can get my fingers to work ... with temps here at -12C and
Siberian winds a-blowing ... brrrrrrrrr!)

Computers have caused nothing but alienation, mistrust, acrimony, jealousy
anger and some remarkable "scenes" of appalling behaviour towards this
sinister "intelligence" that sits on my desk, whirring away, night and
day. It seems to play on the darkest corners of my nearest and dearest
igniting a paranoia and orgiastic technophobia - which to this very day, I
have yet to comprehend.

O.K., my comments above may seem a little over the top, granted<g>.
Spookily there is some truth in what I say. Since computers/computing
became a permanent fixture in both my private and professional life,
my family (both immediate and extended) have always either disapproved
or felt "threatened" by their presence (if you can loosely associate a
"computer" as having any "presence") - their reactions have always been
on the negative. I attribute this to much negative publicity in the last
few years ref pornography, info on illicite drugs, info on firearms/bombs/
pyrotechnics &c.,&c. and the perceived insidious nature in which computers
have infiltrated nearly all aspects of our lives, uninvited.

Some common complaints; my family believe the computer "steals" my quality
time from/with them. My family "feels" I'm withdrawing into a dangerous
world where "real people" don't exist. My family "feels" I'm using the
computer as a substitute for "real life". My family "feels" I'm being
brainwashed or exposed to a dangerous mind-bending radiation which
will fry me eventually. My family "feels" I'm involved with pornography,
illegal activites or dangerous political alliances, all the time - and I
can go on and on.

This of course is as rediculous to you as it is for me, yet convincing
them is another matter and a battle I don't think I'm ever likely to
win. So, I've given up trying and instead derive immense satisfaction in
tormenting them.

Am I wrong? I may be, but what the hell, it's alot more fun this way ... :)

Michael Pereira (aka The "Mad Doc").

-- 
Maddoc

_ATTENTION____ATTENTION____ATTENTION____ATTENTION____ATTENTION____ATTENTION_
SCREWNet<tm>IACS, C.P.D. and BRAND_X   +44.181.760.1962   IP 158.152.21.152
ftp:// telnet://siacs.demon.co.uk // finger @siacs.demon.co.uk ( savannah@ )
World.Wide.Web Multimedia Exchange with a difference towards the BALLISTIC!!





Date: Sun, 04 Feb 1996 09:27:09 -0500
From: petejames@mail.utexas.edu (Ray Watkins)

I have three sisters, one in Houston, one in Washington state, and one in
Lake Charles, and five nieces and nephews. I live in Austin, and work and
teach at the University of Texas, which keeps me very busy, so it can be
hard to keep in touch. E-mail is easy here, and next to free, so I thought
having all of my family wired up would be fun. I use the net all the time,
and I have a WEB page. I'm lucky to be in an English department that is
seeped in new technologies. My mother, who's a widow, can hardly deal with
the answering machine, so I don't really think she'll ever go on line.
I tell her all the time she needs to buy a computer, but its not likely
to happen. Just briefly, last year, all three familys had e-mail, but it
hasn't lasted, but not for strictly technical reasons.

My youngest sister in Houston is the most compfortable with the idea
of a computer as a normal household appliance, like a VCR or a microwave.
In fact, just the other day she called me to see if she could fax me
some photos that her and her husband had had put on a CD ROM. I advised
against it, given that the 3 mg image would take quite a while to transmit
over the phone lines. They have dropped their AOL account recently,
mostly because they always felt that they had to wait while 'artwork was
updated.' Also, I think that e-mail can't compete with the phone for them;
you can't 'chat' through e-mail, or get immediate answers. In the long
run, if e-mail becomes more common among their friends, Ithink they might
use it comfortably.

My oldest sister (in Lousianna) and I went together to buy their computer
two christmas' ago, as a surprise for my brother-in-law. She bought it
mostly for their construction and rental propery business, and so that
the kids can become more familiar with computers. I try to send them
educational games when I can, especially ones that require reading; I
worry that my sister just doesn't have the time and energy to read to
my nieces. I also keep giving them those free AOL and CompuServe kits,
so they can try the internet, and use e-mail. My brother in law has no
real interest; he has no real interest in anything except his family,
his company, and deer-hunting!  But they do use the machine for checking
accounts and the like, and last Christmas I hooked up a phone line and
gave them FAX sotware so that they can send bids over the line. E-mail
seems to them like something they just don't have time for, nice but
there are so many other things, important things, that really need to be
done first. And the $10 a month, plus hourly charges, seems expensive for
what you get. Again, in the long run, perhaps once the kids get into High
School, and if more of their friends in Texas and Louisiana get e-mail, I
think my sister in particular might start using the net more.

The third sister (Washington) is a different story altogether. She has
three kids now, one ten, one twelve, and a new baby. Their problem with
the net is the same as their problem with everything else: money. They, or
my sister anyway, seem to like e-mail, but have a hard time keeping up on
the phone bill! If they settle down, I think they'll use it all the time:
from that far away, it is clearly cheaper than the phone. This may be my
bias, but as an English teacher I can't help but feel that the problem
with e-mail and all my sisters has to do with how writing is taught in
the public schools. They were raised using the phone, not sending letters,
and they travel on trips only long enough for postcards. The mail to them
is functional, you use it not to talk about things, but to send packages
and christmas cards. My youngest sister has a college degree, but it's in
special education, so she teaches only rudimentary literacy (her students
are severely retarded); she left college without the 'habit' of either
reading or writing as leisure. The sister from Washington is perpetually
on the verge of a Junior College degree, and a career as an Accountant;
again, not a field that encourages reading and writing for fun. She tends
to fight all authority, period, so I don't think she would ever emulate a
teacher. And my oldest sister, who quite college after a year, is just too
harried, and too busy.

To me, the reason why it has been so hard to get my family wired up has
less to do with technology as such, and more to do with the social place
of reading and writing. All the elements are in place, in other words,
except a sense that letters are a normal way to communicate. As long as
writing feels strange, e-mail will be difficult. The 'new' techhnology,
has to wait while my family relearns an 'old' way of communicating; its
that difficult process, and all the problems of a more or less middle
class life right now, that keeps us from having a working family network.

Ray Watkins
Assistant Instructor
English Department, University of Texas at Austin
President, Instructional Workers
Texas State Employees Union
petejames@mail.utexas.edu
http://ccwf.cc.utexas.edu/~iwork/index.htm

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

