From sondheim@panix.com Sat Dec  9 18:17:43 1995
Date: Sat, 9 Dec 1995 18:17:42 -0500 (EST)
From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix.com>
To: Metatron <daniel@flo.com>, kayo@interport.net, 
    Mike Gurstein <mgurst@sparc.uccb.ns.ca>
Subject: Various
Message-ID: <Pine.SUN.3.91.951209175635.8334C-100000@panix3.panix.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: O
X-Status: 



First, I've set up an alias (sloppy as it is, re: above) for Metatron - 
Kayo, that's the name we're using for working purposes.

Daniel, I went to your website without difficulty - I didn't download 
the sample yet because I'm having difficulties with Netscape etc. at the 
moment. As far as I could tell, I agree with the direction of flow research.
(Kayo - it's at http://www.panix.com/~entropy)

Mike, I haven't been able to get into the chatsubo site yet at all. I 
get the message host contacted but then it stalls. I'm trying from 
Netscape from Panix; I'll try again later. (Kayo, the site is
http://www.chatsubo.com/meetplace )

I took a few notes from the meeting. Like Daniel, I too favor text-based
applications, but they're not going to do for companies in general,
particularly for people unused to typing. If it is a straight meeting,
however, without graphics, then it seems to me that there should be a low
end application based on a Talker or equivalent - these can be set up
quickly; they have primitive bulletin-board systems, and they can be
carried without SLIP/PPP over 300 baud if necessary. Simple communica-
tions programs can also log the conversations at each user site. I've 
found these apps work well with say up to 8-10 people, as long as a 
clear hierarchy is established - one person moderating at the minimum.

Beyond that, there are Powwow-like applications, which divide the screen
into compartments (talk is another) for each user. There are problems
with this; if you talk to more than 3-4 at a time, the windows become
tiny and conversation, spatially cross-referenced, is difficult. I would
prefer to have a central meeting-window set up like a talker or MOO, and
sub-windows which could be made private (similar to the whisper or page
functions on MOO). This establishes simultaneous double modes of communi-
cation. 

In any case, a Whiteboard callup would be ideal - it would be even more
ideal if there would be a clear and present Netscape button on it for Web
callup, and even more ideal if the initial Netscape window were minia-
turized, so that the "main" argument/discussion could be carried on.

One possibility for organization - perhaps not the best - would be 
similar to Tabworks; there would be a series of pages available - one 
for Netscape, one for whiteboard, one for public, and one for private 
communication. And these could be called up by Tabs or opened in each 
other's spaces if needs be.

While I also don't like office metaphors, one advantage of them for 
conferencing is that the various components could be referenced by icons 
instead of words; "file management" might not translate that well into 
Japanese, say, but an image of a file would.

I would like to know more about mbone in relation to all of this - if we 
should even think about this. And Mike, I'm unclear about the teaching 
aspect you mentioned - could you elaborate on this?

I'm also in favor, although this would be way down the road (and someone
will do it) of "permanent" conference interfacing among companies and
within them - so that, say, a Metatron interface could _always_ be called
up - and when called, it would index the current discussions/users, etc.
- whatever the company would want available. In this sense, it would 
behave as an IRC chat bundle, there when you need it, with openly 
specified topics. This would not affect the private discussion or file 
areas by the way. (What sorts of encryption would be necessary? Can PGP 
be imported into this environment?)

Finally, there are general questions as to what constitutes a conference.
Kayo and I were working on dividing CMC into synchronous/asynchronous, 
with the different apps in tandem. On the crudest level, a mailing list 
- which is archivable - can run in conjunction with a Talker; one has 
real-time discussions, and the other has configurable email (to the 
conf. as a whole or to subgroups). If the participants have lynx, then 
bookmarks files can be sent, opening up (at least in text) other 
sources. Audio/video/graphics files can be sent as MIME attachments in 
the email, etc. This is admittedly crude, but it's workable.

But if the conference is among people (as I said above) who are 
visually-oriented, non-typers, managers, etc., primarily, then the 
conference application would have to begin with the concept of _flow_ 
(thanks Daniel) right from the beginning - the design strategy might be 
best as a top-down approach, bringing in/patching various editors, file 
managers, and so forth...

Sorry for the length of this. I wanted to get this out while the lunch 
discussion was still on my mind.

Alan 

http://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/~spoons/internet_txt.html
Images at http://www.cs.unca.edu/~davidson/pix/


