
A Content Analysis of Internet-Acessible Written Pornographic Depictions

   
  Denna Harmon and Scot B. Boeringer, Appalachian State University
  
   This paper is a work in progress. No person may copy, quote from,
   publish, or redistribute this material in any way without the written
   consent of the authors.
   
   This document has been accessed [INLINE] times since July 18, 1996.
   Use digits.com for your hit-counting needs! Cybersex. This word brings
   to mind a barrage of images, some of which might be the "holosuites"
   on Star Trek, or the virtual reality sex featured in a popular rock
   video by Aerosmith. Realistically speaking, this type of
   computer-facilitated sexual activity will not be accessible to most
   people until far into the future. However, a form of computer
   sexuality and computer-facilitated sexual gratification is easily
   available to nearly anyone enrolled in a university, or anyone with a
   modem and a computer account with an on-line services (such as America
   On-line, Delphi, and Prodigy). With these easily acquired resources,
   anyone can hook up to the Internet, a worldwide network of
   educational, governmental, and business computers.
   
   Once on this "information superhighway," a user can access a facet of
   the Internet called Usenet, which is a bulletin board system with well
   over 10,000 "newsgroups." The topics range from computers to hobbies
   to sex. The sexually-oriented groups usually attempt to remain
   centrally organized around one topic or area of sexual interest.
   Groups have names such as "alt.sex.anal" ("alt" stands for
   alternative, the top-level domain which comprises the largest group of
   Usenet boards), "alt.sex.bondage," "alt.sex.furry," and
   "alt.sex.wizards." However, one group which claims a general focus on
   sexual topics is alt.sex.stories. This group is purported to be one of
   the most frequently read newsgroups on the Internet (Elmer-Dewitt,
   1993), a fact which is difficult to substantiate because of the
   difficulty in monitoring "lurkers" (people whom do not post stories
   but simply read them). At any rate, alt.sex.stories is intended as a
   newsgroup where amateur sexually oriented written material is posted
   for viewing by others. As there is no particular slant evidenced by
   the title of the group, this material is likely to be varied in
   nature, encompassing a variety of sexual topics and material. The
   topics of each story are sometimes posted in the subject line of the
   posting, which is available in the groups directory. Some of these
   abbreviated indications of story content are: pedo (pedophillia),
   pain, torture, n/c (non-consentual), beast (bestiality), f/m
   (heterosexual), m/m (male/male sex), f/f (female/female sex), and
   variations on the last two themes, such as m/m/m, f/m/m/m, f/f/f/m,
   etc.
   
   An extensive literature review on the subject of Internet accessible
   depictions of this nature reveals mainly mainstream press articles,
   with much speculation and no systematic research content. An
   upsurgence of interest in computer pornography and the alt.sex.*
   bulletin boards has been expressed in several articles in the
   mainstream press (Elmer-Dewitt, 1993, 1994, 1995; Turner, 1990). A
   recent research project conducted at Carnegie-Mellon University (Rimm,
   1995) examined hundreds of thousands of images of online pornography,
   but these were mostly photographic images, and were overwhelmingly
   culled from examination of private dial-up bulletin boards, rather
   than from Usenet images.
   
   As the Internet becomes more widely used, and as literally millions of
   people now have access to the Usenet groups, there is an increased
   need for a systematically conducted analysis of this material instead
   of pure speculation upon content and effects. The importance of this
   study becomes clearer when it is understood that is presently no way
   to effectively control access to these groups; thus anyone of any age
   with Usenet access may obtain this material. It is also important to
   realize just how easy it is to access these newgroups. From most
   university computer systems, it only takes one or two one word
   commands to get to these groups and from other servers it only takes
   from one to five simple commands.
   
   Methods
   
   In planning this study, several methodological choices had to be made.
   Due to the lack of prior research in this area, primary data
   collection was essential. The PR performed a content-analysis of 196
   stories, categorizing each story by its content by what appeared to be
   common themes in the postings: pedophillia, homoerotic, nonconsensual
   sex, pain, bondage, torture, and other fetishes. Most stories
   contained more than one element being categorized. For example, a
   story about an adult man forcing sex upon a young female child would
   be categorized as "pedophillic" and "nonconsensual sex." Any other
   unusual or interesting aspects of each posting were recorded by the
   researcher.
   
   Another important decision made by the researchers was to consider
   each posting as a separate piece of data for analysis purposes, due to
   the fact that some stories might consist of several postings over time
   periods as long as a few months. Thus rather than 196 separate
   stories, the analysis consisted of 196 separate postings. Postings on
   alt.sex.stories which constituted narrative "stories" were considered
   valid data. Any posting which was in reply to posted story or a
   request for a story to be reposted was ignored for the purposes of
   this research. It was also decided that the most important element was
   the existence of discrete types of material in each story, thus no
   effort was made to calculate percentages of each story spent on each
   topic or even the number of times an element was present in each
   story.
   
   Results (See Tables document. Warning: Tables do not correspond in
   number to text indications. This is still a roughish draft, so live
   with it:)
   
   The results of this analysis were quite interesting in several
   respects (see table I). The most prevalent element recorded was the
   general fetish category. This category included the top elements
   listed in table II.. 8.2 % of the stories categorized in the other
   fetish category involved group sex of some sort. 5.1% of the stories
   involved an interesting, yet relatively undocumented fetish known as
   "furry." This fetish involves various sexual activities with
   anthropomorphized animals such as weasels and cats. These animals
   posses extensive human qualities such as speech, cognition, and
   walking upright. Stories involving some kind of mind control (such as
   hypnosis, the use of mythical mind control machines or drugs) used to
   acquire sex and/or sex slaves also comprised 5.1% of this category.
   4.6% of the stories in this category contained some incidence of
   incest between close family members. The remainder of the sub-elements
   in the other fetishes category each comprise 2% or less of the total
   percentage of this element within the analysis.
   The second most prevalent element in the stories was the non-consent
   element, which was present in 40.8% of the stories. The non-consent
   element consists of stories of rape, child molestation, forced
   slavery, mind control, and other similar themes. The third most common
   element, present in 35.7% of stories, was the female/female
   homosexuality element. This not only included interpersonal
   relationships defined as lesbian, but female/female sexual encounters
   as well that include a male. This is not a surprising statistic
   considering the popularity of pornographic movies that contain
   female/female sex. 24 % of stories analyzed included some element of
   bondage and 23.5 % included some form of discipline, while 21.9 % of
   the stories contained some element of intentionally inflicted pain.
   Stories in this category contained mild inflictions of pain such as
   spanking. Only incidences of pain that did not cause any permanent
   damage were included in this category. The torture category, which was
   present in 11.7 % of the stories, was mostly comprised of very
   violent, sadistic types of sexual activity. Story plots ranged widely
   from a man who tortures women by pulling out their toe nails and
   smashing their feet while engaging in some sort of sexual activity
   with them to a story about a rapist whom would pour molten plastic
   into his victims vaginas while video taping the incident.
   A further disturbing finding was that 19.4 % of analyzed stories
   contained at least one incidence of pedophillic sex. The majority of
   these stories involved very young children having intercourse and oral
   sex repeatedly with one or more adults. Frequently, the adults
   depicted in the postings are sexually involved with more than one
   child per posting. Correlations between categories of material are
   really more indicative of the composition of the alt.sex.stories
   newsgroup than the frequency percentages of each element. It seems
   reasonable that certain elements combined in one posting might have
   differing or more impact upon the reader than merely the presence of
   that element in isolation. It is in fact true that most of the
   postings that were analyzed contained more than one element measured.
   For example, a posting that contains the elements of torture,
   pedophilla (assumed nonconsentuality),and homosexuality is likely to
   have greater impact upon the reader than a posting which contains just
   homosexuality. The between elements correlations listed give a good
   indication of the composition of some of the postings on
   alt.sex.stories. (insert table III here). The composition of these
   stories give a good indication of the types of elements that occur
   together and offer basis for future research upon effects of Internet
   pornography.
   
   Implications
   
   The implications of this research are complexly interlinked with
   existing research upon the effects of pornography. Potential effects
   of the pornography available on the Internet can only be generalized
   from existing research on effects of pornography. An overview of
   research upon the effects of pornography indicates that while the
   effects of "erotica" and non-violent pornography seem to be minimal,
   the effects of violent pornography upon subjects attitudes towards
   women, coercive behavior, and realistic view of sex might be extensive
   and detrimental (Donnerstein & Linz, 1986 , Demare, et al, 1988).
   However, after an in depth literature review, this researcher
   determined that in all likelihood, little research has ever been done
   using any type of pornography as violent or as deviant as some of the
   postings available off of the internet newsgroup. This is
   understandable considering the ethical problems of exposing subjects
   to such materials and the possible permanent effects that subjects
   might suffer. It is also true that many of the things depicted on
   alt.sex.stories are illegal and would be difficult and unethical to
   simulate in pictures for research purposes. The extreme violence and
   brutality sometimes present in postings on the internet cannot be over
   emphasized when discussing the potential effects upon
   viewers--especially young viewers. The PI of this study herself found
   it necessary to seek professional debriefing through the counseling
   services offered at the university after conducting this analysis.
   Caution and careful preparation is advised in expanding and
   replicating this research. A literature search in the area of
   cognitive and perceptual psychology also presents some interesting
   implications where computer pornography is concerned. Some researchers
   have found that subjects whom are computer literate and view computers
   in a positive manner some times absorb information more quickly and
   view it as more interesting than the same information presented on
   paper (Wang, 1989). It seems reasonable to assume that if someone is
   spending time on the internet that they are computer literate and,
   more likely than not, view computers in a somewhat positive way. The
   interactive nature of computers as opposed to the static nature of
   pictorial, film, and text pornography could also play a role in a
   possible increase in effect upon the viewer.
   
   References:
   
   Demare, D.,Briere, J. & Lips, H. (1988). Violent pornography and
   self-reported likelihood of sexual aggression. Journal of Research in
   Personality, vol.22, 140-153.
   
   Donnerstein, E., & Lintz, D. (1986). Mass media sexual violence and
   male viewers: Current theory and research. American Behavioral
   Scientist, vol.29, 601-618.
   
   Elmer-Dewitt, P. (May 31, 1993). Orgies On Line. Time, p61.
   
   ----------------. (Nov. 21,1994). Censoring Cyberspace: Carnegie
   Mellon's attempt to ban sex from its campus computer network sends a
   chill along the info highway. Time, p102.
   
   ________________. (1995), On a screen near you: Cyberporn. Time, July
   3, p38-45.
   
   Rimm, Martin (1995), Marketing pornography on the information
   superhighway. The georgetown law journal, 83, 5, p1849. Turner, J.A.
   (1990). Messages in Questionable Taste. The Chronicle of Higher
   Education, pA13.
   
   Wang, Z. (1989). The human computer interface hierarchy model and
   strategies in system development. Ergonomics, vol.32, 1392-1400.
   
   Back to top.
