http://www.actlab.utexas.edu/~smack/papers/TechHier.txt

TECHNOLOGICAL HIERARCHY IN MOO
Reflections on Power in Cyberspace

Troy Whitlock
RTF 393C

With the astounding international growth of the Internet, communities have developed around host
sites, technological platforms and mutual interests. Inter-Relay Chat, USENET, MUDs and
electronic bulletin boards all represent types of communicative mediums that allow for the
development of virtual communities. "The conceptual space where words, human relationships,
data, and power are manifested by people using computer mediated communication," forms the
larger region of cyberspace that hosts these virtual communities [1]. The technological network
of the Internet has become this metaphorical and mythic cyberspace, a vast electronic frontier.

Cyberspace is a slippery signifier. Like the Post Modernist conceptualization of "hyper-space", it
can be created, destroyed, or expanded by pure intellectual construction [3]. The ability to position
ourselves within this space, to cognitively map it, is lost among the infinite pathways of the
network.

Cybernetics is theoretical study of the intersection of electronic, mechanical and biological
systems. Perhaps McLuhan had this cybernectic ideal in mind when he suggested that media and
technolgies act as extensions of man (for example, that the wheel is an extension of the foot). In
particular, he noted that the extension of our nervous system into electronic media creates a new
kind of perceptual world. He called this "auditory space" because it is a communal space, rather
than a perceptual space. If these serve as appropriate metaphors, perhaps we might propose that
this cybernetic process acts as the matrix of cyberspace [2].

Following McLuhan's concept of the implosive effects of this global 
electronic environment, the collapse of the perceptual worlds of 
time and space, Baudrillard notes that the boundaries between 
image or simulation and reality have imploded. The experience of 
"the real" has vanished. Replacing this reality, and reproducing "the 
real" is the hyperreality of our media saturated environment. 
Cyberspace exists as a kind of hyperreality; "it is not unreal, or 
surreal, but realer-than-real" [4].

Virtual Reality, by which I mean any kind of immersive environmental technology, and cyberspace,
characterized perhaps as the unexplored realms of the electronic frontier, both constitute a kind
of alternate reality.  As alternate realities they represent, in all but a metaphysical sense, an
imagined experience. Yet the pioneers of cyberspace treat their worlds as if they were real. This
reality is facilitated and mediated by computers and the networks that form virtual communities.
Elizabeth Reid, in her masters thesis entitled "Cultural Formations in Text-Based Virtual Reality",
describes virtual worlds as existing "not in the technology used to represent them, nor purely in
the mind of the user, but in the relationship between internal mental constructs and technologically
generated representations of these constructs" [5]. Reid also notes that it is not the technological
interface that sustains the "suspension of disbelief" in deference to these new realities, but the
construction of meaning there. A virtual acquaintance once told me, "Foucault has taught us,
space is incumbent with power and visa versa. Every space needs to be colonized - to be imbued
with meaning - in short, to become a social environment" [6].

The exploration of this new environment is in many ways a frontier experience. These pioneers are
media savvy, acculturated to media saturated environments, and feel ultimately gratified by the
"coolness" of the medium. McLuhan's conception of a "cool" medium is manifested by its
interactivity and intertextuality, "cool media are high in participation or completion by the
audience" [7]. The rugged individualists of the electronic frontier are actively engaged in the
construction of cyberspace.

It is the thrill of exploration and discovery that is the rich reward of "jacking in". For those who
can adapt to the interfaces -the words and emotions that fly across the screen, the cryptic and
foreign subcultures that flourish there, the current condition of the low-band width of
communication, the technological environments that host our submersion and often prevent us
from knowing what is "really" happening - there is a kind of fascination that occurs with the
spectacle of it all. There is a recursion of our projections, we are watching ourselves watching our
selves watch ourselves. 

As a process of this discovery, a form of volunteerism emerges. People begin mixing their labor
with the space. Exploring their personal identity and externalizing their perceptions of the
environment on the "public sphere", pioneers carve out systems of meaning and begin the process
of "homesteading". A fellow pioneer explains, "I am going to settle here, this is my space and not
only am I going to settle, I am going to shape an environment that is best suited to me (that is an
expression of my identity, my world view, my lifeworld), I am going to develop my own little life,
and my own little world, right here on this huge chunk of nowhere" [8].

The label "virtual community" is a very generalized concept that refers to the kinds of social
interactions, networks and relationships that develop through the exchange of information.
Howard Rheingold write of his experiences, "people in virtual communities use words on screens
to exchange pleasantries and argue, engage in intellectual discourses, conduct commerce,
exchange knowledge, share emotional support, make plans, brainstorm, gossip, feud, fall in love,
find friends and lose them, play games, flirt, create a little high art and a lot of idle talk" [9]. The
networks that develop create a social sphere that facilitates the informational economics of the
community. These interactions comprise communities in the sense that there is some sense of
shared meaning, purpose, or interest that dictates the discourse and establishes the norms that
define the "community".

John Unsworth notes that communities are often a function of shared location, shared interests,
and sometimes a shared government and shared property [10]. But he neglects to consider that
the understandings that link all of these other factors, are a function of the system of shared
meanings. Reid writes that "for words to have a shared meaning they must be given a context...
It is the context that creates meaning and allows us to act." It allows us to define our location, our
interests, our government, our existence as a community.

 The form that virtual communities take will change as the technologies that serve as their
platforms advance. There is a technological determinism inherent in the logic of each
communication structure. The specific limitations and advantages of future media will remain
central to the construction of the "virtual community". However, the substance of the virtual
community; the personal interactions, the social and political dynamics, and the construction of
meaning, will remain the immersive enticements that virtual communities offer us. They will in fact
empower us, as they advance our control over our experience of and interaction with the
environment.

The potential "ideal" model of technological empowerment is simulated in the textual immersion
offered by MOO spaces. MOO is a network-accessible, multiple-user domain; a real-time
user-extendable virtual reality with and entirely textual interface. Developed by Pavel Curtis at
Xerox's Palo Alto Research Center, MOO is an experimental offshoot of the long established
MUD (Multiple User Dungeon, or Domain) platforms that are primarily a gaming environment.
There are about 200 different real-time, multi- participant universes on the Internet, using nineteen
different world-building technologies. MOO is unique among them because is provides users
access to a powerful C based language for manipulating the environment. The world of a MOO
is really large database. The "OO" in MOO stands for Object Oriented, as all the people, places
and things represented by the database exist as objects, located with in the virtual structure of the
environment. The cyberspace of MOO is an infinite virtual geography of connected room objects.
Positioned within them are player objects, which can themselves contain or carry objects. The
MOO environment allows users easy access to the objects that act as the building blocks of the
space, that they might contribute to or change the environment itself [11].

Curtis explains that the "participants (usually called players) have the appearance of being situated
in an artificially-constructed place that also contains those other players who are connected at the
same time.  Players can communicate easily with each other in real time (as well in the
asynchronous modes of electronic mail and bulletin boards). This virtual gathering place has many
of the social attributes of other places, and many of the usual social mechanisms operate there.
Certain attributes of this virtual place, however, tend to have significant effects on social
phenomena, leading to new mechanisms and modes of behavior not usually seen `IRL' (in real
life)" [12].

The effects of computer mediated communication as presented by the technological platform
deconstruct the cultural understandings that form the basis of face-to-face communication.
Elizabeth Reid notes that, "In coming to terms with these aspects of virtual interaction, new
systems of significance have been developed by users, along with methods of enforcing that
cultural hegemony through power structures dependant upon manipulation of the virtual
environment." 

The research of Kiesler, Siegel and McGuire describes the  distinctive features of
computer-mediated communication as having an absence of regulating feedback, dramaturgical
weakness, few social status cues and social anonymity [13]. Unlike Curtis, Reid considers these
findings inappropriate for understanding the context of text-based VR. The spacial stage of
text-based VR, provides a culturally and dramaturgically fertile context for communication.
Unsworth believes that "MOOs are naturally somewhat chaotic", as the structure allows everyone
to speak and be heard. Kiesler, Siegel, and McGuire observed that in fact, "people in
computer-mediated groups were more uninhibited than they were in face-to-face groups.",
whether this is manifested by increased intimacy or by antisocial behavior [14]. But Reid notes that
the social environments found on MUDs are not entirely chaotic, "there is indeed no moment in
which players are not enmeshed within a web of social rules and expectations. Descriptions,
communicative commands and specialized language and textual forms enable the social
understandings which link people together and allow the evolution and transmission of social
norms."

In the initial stages of world building, Reid explains, "Each MUD system begin as a blank space.
It is nothing more than a set of commands and possibilities... They allow imagination and creativity
to furnish the void of cyberspace with socially significant indicators." Reid concurs with Howard
Rheingold's conceptualization of Virtual Reality as primarily this kind of cultural construct. Reid
believes, "that it is primarily an imaginative, rather than sensory experience." But the wish to down
play the significance of the technology, to include text based VR in the category of immersive
environments most often characterized by fully immersive graphic systems, delimits the important
role that the technology of VR has in determining the form of the virtual community.

For instance, John Unsworth points out that the structural hierarchy of MOO is in many ways a
reflection of the Unix protocol that supports it [15]. The basic form of the Unix filesystem is
expressed by a hierarchy of user groups and ownership. This hierarchy is a dendriform, a treelike
structure. At the base is the "root" directory, that contains the other directories, or "branches",
that in turn contain more directories or files. Users belong to user groups and are granted various
levels of permission within the filesystem. Every file and process has an owner, and the hierarchy
of owners explicitly mirrors the hierarchy of the filesystem itself. 

This dendritic structure is reproduced in MOO by the object oriented system of parentage. Every
object in MOO is set within a parent-child relationship. Through this system of inheritance, the
abilities and properties of objects are defined. The player John might be a member of the user
group, Ace's Super Handy Wizard Player Class which grants the user useful programs for "Root"
maintenance of the environment. It is in turn a "child" of the Generic Wizard Class that grants
access to "superuser" functions. This user group is a child of the Generic Programmer Class that
facilitates the use of the programming environment, and additionally a child of the Generic Builder
Class which allows the user to create and destroy objects. These are children of the Generic Player
Class where reside all of the properties that can define personal identity. These objects are also
children the Root Object, to which all objects are related. 

Further, this basic relationship of parentage is also reflected in a system of properties that indicate
the permissions allowed within the database. The Wizard [16] has "root" permissions to the
database and to control the virtual world. Programmers are allowed to create programs with
limited access to the full functions of the database. This structural hierarchy allows users to
exercise power over their own data, but not over the data of others, and is meant to protect the
security of the system. 

The Wizard user group has direct access to the entire database, "enabling them to modify [it] in
any way they please. They can design any virtual setting into the system, and so create a MUD
universe" [17]. The wizardry retains the ultimate power to arbitrate disputes between the
individual exercise of power and the interests of the community. These powers are not often taken
lightly, wizards are often constrained not only by each other, but by the networks and social
contracts that evolve within the community. But Curtis writes of his experiences, "in the worst
cases of irresponsibility, the customary response is to punish the offender with `toading'. This
involves (a) either severely restricting the kinds of actions the player can take or else preventing
them from connecting at all, (b) changing the name and description of the player to present an
unpleasant appearance (often literally that of a warty toad), and (c) moving the player to some
very public place within the virtual reality.  This public humiliation is often sufficient to discourage
repeat visits by the player, even in a different guise" [18]. 

Further, Curtis notes that by virtue of their special permissions and unique role in the community,
wizards, in general, have a very different experience within the environment. They do not often
spend time in the daily social activities of the community. They may, however, act as sources of
information for programmers who have encountered some technological barrier or problem. Their
skills and permissions are typically in high demand. They perform as administrators for the
technological concerns of the system, building, fixing and improving the environment and
maintaining system security. As the ultimate technological and social authority, they must handle
or at least administrate the handling of problems and complaints.  

The pressures and time constraints often placed on wizards deny them to opportunity fully
participate in the discursive process of constructing meaning or to experience the environment
from more structurally restricted points of view. But as Reid notes, their "power is quite literally
the power to change the world".

Programmers, builders and players shape their virtual world in more subtle ways. They are
presented with a closed system. There are limits to the commands and information to which they
have access. But within this structure they are able to create objects and programs that change the
form of the environment and the ways in which players communicate. Through skillful use of
language, manipulation of the technological platform, and the creative use of programming, they
can simulate a host of detailed and immersive environments, interactive agents, and new
communication networks.

After the establishment of some personal identity and personal space, users often begin to
externalize their vision of the environment by learning to program. Players are allotted a limited
space within the database called quota. Players use their quota to build new objects that "belong"
to them. Every object's existence in the database can be customized to simulate a spacial object
within the virtual environment. Its "reality" is defined both by virtue of its parentage, which defines
the preexisting abilities and properties of an object, and by new verbs and properties added by the
programmer, to further enhance the object. 

A verb is an executable routine that is attached to an object. It permits the programmed code to
be executed by a player or another verb. The object orientation of MOO presents objects and their
verbs in space. Users can manipulate an object that is oriented within the same location. I can
create a notebook so that when the notebook's object is spatially registered in my possession I can
invoke its verb: <write "Programming Technology" in notebook>. Everyone at my location would
see that I am writing the phrase in my notebook, and that information would be stored in the
notebook for future use. The arguments of the verb provide for the phrase "Programming
Technology" (the direct object), to be written (the verb) in the notebook (the indirect object). I
could then invoke the verb: <give notebook to Fred> and the object representing the notebook
would be registered in Fred's possession, so he might read what I had written. The information
itself would be stored in a property on the object. Properties are spaces defined on an object for
containing data in the form of numbers, text, lists, or indexes. An object's description, ownership,
and permissions are all contained within its properties.

Verbs form the basis for the development of the illusionary and immersive technologies that
construct the virtual reality. There are five basic technologies that programmers use to construct
virtual environments; telling, attribution, filtering, moving and testing.


Telling is simply the displaying of text, but in a virtual world dependant on textual information,
it is the substance of action. Objects can be moved or manipulated by programming technologies,
but if there is no message indicating such an action has occurred, it will be invisible. Telling is also
the substance of space, creative description and ambient messages create the textual existence of
an otherwise lifeless object. Skillful use of telling takes into account the variety of perspectives
that an illusion might be witness from. Besides using the gender property to properly address the
users, the programmer considers the various relationships to an action. For example, if I gave the
notebook to Fred; I would see - "You give the notebook to Fred, Fred would see - "Troy just
handed you a notebook.", and everyone else would see - "Troy hands his notebook to Fred.". The
term "spam" refers to an overwhelming amount of text that in some way imposes on the viewer.
Objects with long descriptions or that generate a lot of ambient "noise" are considered spammy
if they cause text to scroll beyond the limits of the viewer's monitor before they can be read. Spam
can be a debilitating weapon as well. Programming loops that generate large volumes of text are
used to usurp personal space, prohibiting the victim from experiencing or participating in the
environment. A couple thousand lines of malicious text can clog up a slow connection for a long
time.

Closely related to telling, in fact existing as a function of it, is the process of attributing action to
an object. When an action occurs it is important that message accurately reflect the relationships
of the objects affected. A message indicating that "The notebook just gave Fred to you." would
not make any sense in the context I have mentioned.

When a player enters a room, a message is generally generated indicating that this action has
occurred. This action is not a primary message in the sense that the player himself constructed the
communication. When indicating action in virtual space, users often use the convention of posing
or emoting. This allows them to directly attribute action to themselves. Invoking the verb <emote
is rolling on the floor laughing> would display "John is rolling on the floor laughing" to others in
that player's location.

But when a player enters a room, it is the exit object that generates the message indicating the
players arrival. Users  usually consent to this attribution to the extent that it accurately reflects
their actions and contributes to the virtual environment, but the message could attribute any action
the programmer designed it to. 

The creation of illusions that misrepresent the "shared" reality, or falsely attribute action are called
spoofs. Spoofs can be humorous sources of comic relief, (often at the expense of the spoofed) but
are also necessary when developing programming technologies that might involve others. Objects
are often programmed to cause simulated behaviors in players. Drinking a lot of virtual beer might
generate embarrassing spoofs that were not necessarily consented to by the participant.
Programmers often spoof players to add realism to a virtual environment, or to engage others in
various forms of play or virtual dance. But when this technology disrupts the integrity of shared
understandings and wrests away control of personal space and identity, it is no longer an
acceptable use of attribution.

Filtering is also a questionable technology, because it is interception of textual (sometimes private)
messages generated by the environment. It is not an interception in the sense that it prevents
communication, but rather that it collects, alters, relays or responds to the data. Its practical uses
extend to several kinds of virtual objects. Filters can be used to log discussions for future
reference. Filters can also change the composition of messages for effect. There are virtual spaces
that replace certain words and sounds with dialectal equivalents, to generate the atmosphere of
a bayou or a prison.  Filters also allow artificial agents and environmental systems to respond to
the actions and words of other objects. Robots are often constructed to offer helpful advice when
prompted by the utterance of key words. New communication environments can be generated by
filters by circumventing the spacial metaphor and broadcasting the messages anywhere, or
everywhere. But when filters are used to violate privacy, by substituting the aesthetics of illusion
for those of subversion, the assumptions that people make about their security and privacy are
destroyed. The kind of intimate and personal communications that occur in cyberspace are easily
undermined by abusive use of filtering technology. The planting of bugs and spying are reviled
forms of behavior, particularly the by unwitting victims. 

Moving is the orienting of objects within the virtual space. Every object is has a location within
the MOO. Moving is simply altering that location. Moving technologies like Generic Exits, allow
users to move from room to room. Programmers also create rooms that move through the virtual
geography of the space and assist users in navigating the terrain. But the nature of the
programming environment allows individuals to be moved like any other object. Unless a user has
taken special precautions, programmers can move them or their objects, against their will.  

Testing is a general category of programming technologies, describing the algorithms that
programmers develop as propositional models for the system to analyze and act upon. Comparing
properties, variables, and logical statements to conditional arguments allow programs to initiate
various kinds of dependant actions but allow those actions to occur independent of a direct
command. Using filtering and testing technologies, artificial intelligence algorithms of varying
degrees of sophistication have been developed to facilitate ideas about virtual agency. Testing
allows the system to differentiate between the various levels of permissions needed to perform
certain functions. Testing also allows for a kind of automated harassment. Conditional statements
can be used to harass a targeted individual or group of individuals while the programmer is not
even connected. 

Together these technologies form the basis for constructing the object oriented illusion of
text-based virtual reality. They are powerful tools for manipulating the environment and offer to
the programmer control over at least their own encounter with the virtual space. But the
particularly fascinating aspect of these technologies is the way in which they manifest power in a
social form, and perhaps this is the ultimate appeal of MOO as a virtual community. The ability
to extend ones personal space to the communal space and to subsequently to change the way
others experience, behave, or communicate within the environment creates alternate hierarchies
of power. Existing in symbiosis with the social networks, the instant gratification and feedback
from the audience and the ability to act as a network of information and technology for others
manipulating the environment, a user's technological power allows for the creation of strong ties
to the community.

Reid contends that "these hierarchies are social rather than economic in base -- they depend on
interaction rather than on the scarcity of the power commodity", but in MOO, information is itself
power and constitutes an economic base. Reid understands that "it is the production of knowledge
about the virtual environment which produces the environment itself. This production of
knowledge and virtuality powers the socially cohesive body", but neglects the importance the raw
information of programming code has on the structure of the technological hierarchy.

Networks of "helpful people" that distribute information about persons, places and things, the
daily-life of the community and the social contacts that can act as a web of influence, form the
social economy that Reid proposes. But the actual technological manipulation of the environment
exists as a kind of informational power. The information represented by the lines of code, and
information about the proper syntax and structure of that code are the themselves the base of an
alternate hierarchy. 

Players construct personal objects to act as parents objects that are in turn copied and customized
by the members of the community. I might make my notebook a Generic Notebook, so that
everyone can create their own personalized copy of my object. To the extent that I control the
verbs and properties of the generic, I maintain a technological control of the use of my parent
object. This kind of control extends to the owners of the generic rooms that host the immersive
environment as well as the player class objects that act as user groups. The control and influence
maintained by the creators of popular generics extends past the simple social interactions that
construct the community. Innovative or manipulative programs provide individuals with power
over how others interact with the environment. Community standards dictate the limits of the
legitimate exercise of this power, but due to the nature of the technological platform, can not act
as a prior restraint.

There are many forms of power that affect the construction of these alternate hierarchies, but the
most significant are those forms of power that have a constructive influence on the community.
Social power, discursive power, environmental power, technological power, and the power of the
structural hierarchy, all maintain the realities of the community. Foucault wrote, "We are subjected
to the reproduction of truth through power, and we cannot exercise power except through the
production of truth" [19]. Power in MOO space, in cyberspace, as in real space, is about the
production of truth, the construction of reality. In MOO space this is power is primarily exercised
by the skillful use of language, the skillful manipulation of the environment and the skillful use of
the illusionary technologies of the programming structure. 

Most MOO databases host list objects that act as electronic bulletin board systems for the
community. The kinds of conversations that develop on these lists are different than the real-time
conversations. As lists are primarily public, anyone can read and respond to them and they act as
archives for the evolution of a community. The nature of real-time communication is such that is
often difficult to develop an extended line of argument without being interrupted for some point
of clarification.  Lists provide a forum suitable for addressing the more detailed and complex issues
of the community. There are lists for the consideration of social and political issues, for the
discussion of technological problems and developments, and for a variety of special projects or
topics of interest to each particular community. The daily real-time conversations are important
for the establishing of networks and shared meanings that form the basis of community, but the
"public sphere" of the MOO is played out on its lists. The kind of discursive constructions that
occur on lists, the way in which language is used and the variety perspectives that they offer the
community, profoundly impact the "reality" of the community.

New technologies for play and work often change the way in which people socialize and
communicate. The construction of interesting public environmental spaces, conference rooms,
coffee houses, theaters, and hot tubs, create social spaces for the daily interactions of the
community. New channels of communications facilitate different kinds of real-time interactions
by linking groups of interested individuals, regardless of virtual location. These communication
channels, most often characterized as a form of Citizens Band radio, allow multiple levels of
interaction to develop. One might be engaged in a private conversation with individuals in the
same object location, as well as holding more private levels of the same conversation with specific
individuals, and at the same time assist other programmers via a CB object and gossip on a
MOO-wide communications channel.

New programming technologies can change the environment itself. Programmers often push the
boundaries of the community by making objects that call into question shared assumptions.
Objects that spy, spam or spoof have been used maliciously as well as constructively to point out
these assumptions and bring to light new questions of community and authority. The community
often adapts to these changes by creating new technologies and social systems to protect privacy
and personal space from these manipulations. Technologies to gag, refuse or ban offending objects
and players, allow users to remove these experiences from their personal realities. On some
MOOs, systems of judicial and legislative recourse allow users to arbitrate and resolve disputes
through official channels of power, and on others, there exists a kind of frontier justice exercised
through even more sophisticated technologies to isolate or incapacitate the accused.  

Changes in the political and structural system, to provide users greater control over the
environment and community, offer a host of new boundaries to explore. More diverse hierarchies
develop within systems that allow users to serve in new capacities of authority. Architectural and
Quota Review Boards act as official mechanisms for enforcing the standards of a community.
Model economic systems have developed to host new networks of power and influence in the
community. Opening the system to political initiatives grants popular authority to change the
community from the "grassroots" level, overriding the top down forms of structural authority.

The now famous incident of "A Rape in Cyberspace", details how this kind of technological
manipulation and the rise of a "public sphere" can change the environment [20]. In March of 1993,
Pavel Curtis's LambdaMOO took its first steps towards solidifying a political system as a result
of one person's deviant behavior. An evil Bisquick-faced clown named Mr. Bungle created a child
of a generic voodoo doll to manifest the illusion that he was controlling the behaviors of others.
The voodoo doll is a form of spoofing technology, usually used for amusing play, but Mr. Bungle
used this technology create the illusion that he was repeatedly forcing these unwilling participants
into graphic sexual acts. Mr. Bungle said of his behavior, "I engaged in a bit of a psychological
device that is called thought-polarization, the fact that this is not [real] simply added to heighten
the affect of the device. It was purely a sequence of events with no consequence on my [real]
existence" [21]. This was not the case for his victims, for whom the loss of control was very real.

Mr. Bungle's assault took place in Living Room of LambdaMOO, its most popular social space.
Julian Dibbell writes, "So strong, indeed, is the sense of convivial common ground invested in the
living room that a cruel mind could hardly imagine a better place to stage a violation of
LambdaMOO's communal spirit." The response of the victims and the community at large, to this
threat to their social reality, was to call for the "toading" of Mr. Bungle. But the ability to "toad",
to prevent a user from connecting to the MOO, is necessarily a "root" level command. 

Four months before this incident, Curtis officially released the wizardry from responsibilities to the
social sphere. The wizards of LambdaMOO had grown weary of adjudicating the daily problems
and conflicts of the community. In "LambdaMOO Takes a New Direction", Curtis constructed a
specific role for the wizards; they would act simply as "technicians", to implement whatever
decisions were directed to them by the community as a whole. For Mr. Bungle to be toaded, some
form of social organization would had to be established for representing the interests of
community.
 
Over the next three days the conversations and lists of LambdaMOO revolved around the potential
establishment of some legitimate representational authority. It quickly became clear that the variety
of perspectives and political philosophies of the populace would make consensus difficult, if not
impossible. On the evening of the third day, a large public, real-time conversation was held to
discuss what to do. Dibbell writes of this meeting, "Arguments multiplied and mingled, players
talked past and through each other, the textual clutter of utterances and gestures filled up the
screen like thick cigar smoke... it seemed increasingly clear that the vigorous intelligence being
brought to bear on this swarm of issues wasn't going to result in anything remotely like
resolution." The evening's meeting adjourned without any substantive solution for defining the
community. A lone wizard, acting under no formal authority except that of his hierarchical status,
issued the command to "toad" Mr. Bungle's character.
 A few days later, Curtis announced "the final, missing piece of the New Direction", the
construction of "a system petitions and ballots whereby anyone could put to popular vote and
social scheme requiring wizardly powers for its implementation, with the results of the vote to be
binding on the wizards" [22]. This system of petitions and ballots, along with eventual
implementation of a user administered arbitration system, would have profound impacts on the
social and political hierarchies that developed at LambdaMOO. The petition system offered a new
kind of power for defining communal space and the arbitration system offered judicial recourse
that could administer its justice with wizardly authority as well. These new hierarchies mingled
with the old to produce new conflicts over the construction of language and power.

This type of conflict is typified by the case of Mickey vs. Sunny, filed as a dispute within the
arbitration system as part of an ongoing conflict between these two users. Mickey is a
LambdaMOO citizen of long standing importance to the community, both as a programmer and
communitarian. Mickey is also (debatably) a member of the so called "Power Elite", an ambiguous
group individuals closely tied to (and even members of) the wizardry and long time Lambda
residents. Mickey has the permissions (password) necessary to alter the core code of the
Arbitration System. He denies being its "janitor", but acts in a capacity that obligates him in some
fashion to the users of that system. Sunny is also a valued citizen, but is not in very good standing
with the "Power Elite". Sunny often questions what she sees as the unrestrained and unauthorized
abuse of power by the "Power Elite". Sunny has used the political power of the Arbitration system
to engage in numerous disputes with various members of the PE and wizardry, including Curtis
himself, but with little success. Sunny is herself an Arbitrator, and is a professional counselor. She
casts herself as the persecuted voice of reason, pointing out the corruption of the PE and the
inconsistencies of the Arbitration system. Mickey portrays her, as a paranoid, slanderous, and
malignant nuisance that deserves to be "toaded", and has supported such a petition against her.
Neither Mickey nor Sunny can ever recall a time when they have directly conversed with each
other, but their endless posts and flames to the various lists of LambdaMOO chronicle their mutual
disdain [23].

Sunny requested that a new verb be added to the Arbitration System to generate a list of the
history of disputes and the arbitrators who worked on them, to aid in the selection of appropriate
arbitrators for new disputes. Mickey responded to this request by writing the code, but he placed
it on a object called the "Lying Weasel Feature Object". Sunny interpreted this feature object as
form of harassment referring to a previous object of the same name, meant to mock her. She
demanded that the verb be added to the Arbitration System itself, arguing that Mickey was acting
in his capacity as "janitor" when creating the code, and thus it was the property of the Arbitration
System. She envisions a centralized system for Arbitration, but the ad hoc nature of MOO has
meant a variety of private tools and resources, scattered among the members of the community. 

In response to these complaints, Mickey disabled the feature object for her and demanded an
apology. Mickey defended his actions, contending that though he had access to the Arbitration
System, it was not his to do with as he pleased. The legitimate authority for Mickey to refuse or
consent to add the verb to the Arbitration System is readily debatable, but Sunny filed an
Arbitration proposal to have Mickey's access to the Arbitration System code revoked.

Sunny charged in her proposal to have Mickey removed as  the "janitor" of Arbitration, that his
"opportunism is creating a fractious and divisive atmosphere that is antithetical to cohesive
cooperation in this very serious program of Arbitration" [24]. Mickey responded with arbitration
of his own, filing a dispute against Sunny for slander; "This is a community built on words. If those
words are not required to carry truth, this community is built on nothing [25]". But slander is a
category of language and in MOOspace, the words that compose "truth" and "lies" are mingled
as part of the illusion. Mickey's primary demands of Sunny, for the redress of his grievances, were
an apology, an admission of guilt, public statements recanting inaccuracies and a promise to refrain
from making publicly false statements in the future. Simple enough demands, but from Sunny's
perspective there were no inaccuracies to recant. 

Mickey began to threaten the community; that if his grievances were not sustained that he, along
with other players, would leave, taking their programs and skills with them. He began to disable
his public programs as an expression of his power and influence over the community. A friend of
Mickey's and member of the "Power Elite", Euphistopheles, began a petition to have Sunny
"toaded" for crimes against the community. He mailed this letter to all the users of his generic
objects:
 
Dear [Player]: 

I am writing to all the owners of kids of my generics; and will explain why. 

You have probably heard that I am campaigning for an unfortunate petition: *p:toadsunny, to
expel Sunny from LambdaMOO. Since that's a pretty mean thing to do to someone, it is
understandably difficult to raise supporters. 

I am a junior member of a group that has been characterized in two different ways: the
programmers who build the tools we use on the MOO, versus, the PE who oppress the public by
rewriting the rules to suit ourselves. It is certainly true that strong programmers have a larger
share of influence; but, in my opinion, Sunny's campaign of lies and slander against the people who
have invested years of their lives to make this place work (Mickey, Grump, Blackbriar, Haakon
(Pavel Curtis),...) damages the MOO itself. Also, I argue that she has not merely "expressed
political opinions" but committed crimes: perjury, libel, election fraud, and chronic mail-related
unmannerliness.

 I am not asking you to support *p:toadsunny; I am asking you to invest some of *your* time,
becoming informed of the issues, so that you can choose to sign or not, according to your
conscience. Alot of people say, "she hasn't bothered me, so I don't care" or "toading is too mean
for any crime"... But I ask you to really look at the evidence, before taking a position. 

You own [object] a kid of my generic [object#]; I spent some time building that. Now, I don't
mean to depict myself as a noble slave of the commonwealth; I had fun building it. But if you have
spent any time *enjoying* it, then I'd be grateful if you spent some time researching a just
resolution to *p:toadsunny. The Wizards won't do this for us anymore; we have to police
ourselves, even tho it isn't fun.
 
This is an unpleasant topic, and I wish I didn't have to do this. But the MOO has to take
responsibility for itself, one way or the other, and the best way is informed voting. Please help.
[26]

Sunny eventually apologized, admitted her guilt and resigned as a member of Arbitration. The
dispute was thus settled, and opposition silenced. The petition to toad Sunny failed, but
accusations remain as to Sunny's sincerity and continued distortion of the facts.

This case demonstrates the overlap of hierarchies and the quest for power in defining the limits of
community and authority. The technological hierarchy rubbing up against the discursive and
political power of alternate hierarchies creates unique cultural formations that can not exist aside
from the technologies that have hosted their development. Take for another example the
occurrence of technological and discursive "Terrorism" at the Post Modern Culture MOO. Within
the context of LambdaMOO such a campaign would have been short lived, but in the less
structured environment of PMC MOO, "Terrorism" created radical new encounters with the
medium and hosted new theoretical approaches to the intersection MOO and Post Modern theory
[27].

Perhaps at the risk of taking liberties with the extensive and complex history of Post Modernism,
I shall propose a meager explanation informed by Pauline Marie Rosenau's Post-Modernism and
the Social Sciences. "It rejects epistemological assumptions, refutes methodological conventions,
resists knowledge claims, obscures all versions of truth, and dismisses policy recommendations"
[28]. The Post Modernist critique is expansive, expounding deconstructive analysis of texts,
authors, subjects, history, time, space, theory, knowledge, representation and democracy.

John Unsworth, Director of the Institute for Advanced Technologies in the Humanities, at the
University of Virginia, is also the head wizard of Post Modern Culture MOO. It was created as
an offshoot of the popular electronic journal, Postmodern Culture, as a site for real-time
text-based conferencing on journal-related activities. As a feature of the technological platform,
it was also hoped that it would be possible to explore concepts in Post Modern thought through
the development of interactive programs. It was host to a rather small and homogeneous group
of individuals familiar with the journal, or its companion listserv, PMC-Talk. But when PMC
MOO's address appeared in an addition of the popular Wired magazine, the community of PMC
MOO quickly changed.

**Author's Note**
I have tried to layout my perspectives with less than an impassive tone and my definitions are as
much a reflection of my encounter with the medium as they are practical considerations.

My life in cyberspace has been relatively confined to life in a particular identity, in a particular
historical context. I have been a sojourner to many virtual worlds, but it was at PMC that I first
discovered MOO. I have rambled about LambdaMOO enough to feel at home, yet never at home
enough to build one. I served in quite an active capacity as a wizard at the (yet to be revived)
experimental PointMOOt; I have seen the best and worst the job has to offer. But all of these were
an extension of my experiences at PMC. I discovered it shortly after Wired published the address,
from a post to the Alt.Postmodern USENET Newsgroup. I arrived just in time to see the old
hierarchy die. Things were hostile then, and I must at once admit, I was an active participant in
the praxis that followed.
****************



Back then, PMC MOO shared a server with a library computer at North Carolina State University
and as it's population increased, it was beginning to increase its demands on the host computers
memory. The MOO had to be moved to a new server at the University of Virginia, and thus the
stage was set for the Apocalypse. There was to be a literal destruction of our environment, object
by object, a celebration of deconstruction. We were encouraged to participate in "The End",
though there seemed to be no guarantee that we would all be welcome at the new site.
 
The community of PMC MOO was well fragmented. There were many exclusive networks of
programmers who seemed to be competing for power, in the absence of an established political
structure. The wizards made relatively few demands on the community, nor did they often
participate in the emerging sub-communities, in fact it was a rare day indeed, to even see one
around. Veteran members of the community seemed dissatisfied with the "quality" of conversation
and the behavior of some of the recent immigrants. A rash of "spying" and limited "intrusions",
as well as a great deal of rumor and gossip created an air of suspicion and paranoia. 

One day I was hanging out with Palefist, a very prominent and skillful programmer, a multi-media
designer living in Montreal. He had only recently come to PMC, but his programming skills were
particularly advanced. His personal demeanor is as his name suggests; he was a very powerful
figure. Yet, he was well respected and was always quite polite and dignified. We were conversing
in a rather public place and happened to encounter a female-presenting user being harassed by two
very male newbies, competing for her attention. Almost without thought, Ogre and I stole their
belongings [29], planted them on the "other", initiated an imaginary disagreement between them,
and spoofed them into a fight. A small blast of spam dissuaded them from continuing the
confrontation. They became very confused and quickly left. Needless to say we were quite amused
with ourselves, as well as overwhelmed with the principles that we had discovered.

We continued our discussion, turning to the current state of affairs and the ultimate "end of it all".
We began to relate our discoveries, about the nature of power in the MOO, to the hostilities and
tensions in the community. I suppose we felt that the we were actually fatalistically compelled by
the realization itself. It occured to us that the Apocalypse was an oppurtunity to create something
subtle and unique; something that would turn the MOO upside-down, that we might peer at its
soft underbelly.
 
The illusion of a "Revolution", an inversion of the power hierarchy, a shock to jump-start the
community; these were our goals. Our means to this end would be Palefist's brilliantly constructed
MOO Terrorist Player Class. This player class provided non-programmers access to the same
illusionary technologies that a programmer used, but with a little more zip. That is not to say that
it was juvenile or vicious . Palefist was very stylish and committed to good taste. The player class
was not programmed to spam (as this is just bad form), but it did provide an all-purpose spoof
verb, to "describe a mood, action, or throw your voice"  [Appendix I].  It provided easy functions
for stealing and planting objects, and featured a secret "Terrorist" intercom system. Probably the
most disruptive feature of this player class was its "bomb" verb. This verb would allow users to
send a "black sedan filled with explosives" to toss Molotov cocktails anywhere in the MOO. The
resultant virtual explosion would send victims to the Hospital in the main PMC MOO complex.
But Palefist was careful to craft the bombs to only affect programmers. We felt programmers were
the only legitimate targets of our revolution, the ones responsible for the current state of
disillusionment, and "a group of people with enough experience and the wherewithal to handle
themselves and the situation" [ 30]. Choosing to empower players over programmers further
heightened the effect of the inversion of hierarchies. 

This was all done in the spirit of play. Afterwards, the general consensus was that it was at least
interesting, if not entertaining. It was spontaneous, it fostered the development of new networks,
and it was "ultimately harmless". A few people found it irritating, but it was after all the
"Apocalypse". Perhaps it is a faulty assumption to believe that one should be "safe" in cyberspace;
the absence of a "fringe" negates questions about "rights". 

Our experiment was for the most part a success. It was an interesting use of programming and for
the most part, its intrusions were rather limited. Further, the imagery of the "revolution" definitely
added to the sense that there was some form of "radicalized community". Unfortunately, this did
not translate into more inter-group cooperation, rather contributed to divisiveness between
groups. It wasn't very long before other programmers had created their own verbs, both to protect
themselves and to wreak havoc on others. 

The "Apocalypse" soon blossomed into an all out war. A few took advantage of the chaos to act
out personal vendettas, engaging in ruthless manipulation of personal space. Palefist was able to
exercise some authority over the "Terrorists", as owner of the player class, but other player classes
were developed that allowed for far more abusive uses of technology. Many long time users were
disgusted by the "social darwinism" that had evolved, and left. The wizards were simply not
organized enough to maintain order, but that would soon change. 

The wizards solidified their authority at the new site, by establishing a code of behavior,
"Obnoxious behavior is uniformly and universally discouraged here... Repeated nuisance behavior
will cost you your player" [31]. They felt that our ideas reflected an understanding of Post
Modernism as "anarchy" or an "absence of rules". The wizards refused to assist or even
acknowledge the work new users were doing, or address the questions "community" that were
raised. They maintained a rigid resistance to suggestions of change. We felt that we were engaged
in a deconstructive critique, a Post Modern praxis of play. We hoped, that by calling the norms
and assumptions of the community into question, we might reinvigorate the fragmenting "public
sphere". The wizards claimed to be promoting a Post Modern theme, but they insisted on the
totality of their authority to define it, very un-PoMo.  Palefist noted, "they complained that new
users were more interested in playing around and making things than talking about Post Modern
Culture. I thought this was a shallow take on the situation, because we were *living* PoMo, and
more often than not, it was a chance to explore it more deeply than exchanging notes" [32].

The project of "Terrorism" soon changed to a discursive campaign. The list, *Theory, a forum for
the discussion of Post Modern theory as it relates to MOO, became host to a healthy discussion
of the exercise of power and authority on the part of the Wizardry. They maintained little contact
with the community, seldom offered their resources to programmers, and yet felt justified in
imposing their vision on the MOO. It was in fact their privilege to do so, as was so often pointed
out, but the lack of organization and the refusal to acknowledge and empower the other
hierarchies that had developed within the community, stagnated its development [33].

Soon new programs evolved to challenge the very vague "code of conduct" that had been
imposed. A character named Sedate, who was and remains to be - the archetypical "fool" of PMC,
created a program called a "Random Pager", allowing messages to be send randomly and
anonymously across the MOO:

Random Pager: (#4077)
----
NOTICE!!!

By adding this feature to your list of features, you are hereby absolving Sedate, player (#2803)
from any and all actions and consequences caused by this feature object (#4077).If you do not
agree with this, then type @rmfeature #4077.If you do not, then you are agreeing to the
stipulations contained herein.

Features:

@page (message)
@page Welcome to PoMo City!
Random_Player sees: Random_Player pages, "Welcome to PoMo City!"

Disclaimer!

The owner of this feature object (Sedate, #2803) in no way endorses using this device to send rude
messages.  This device is for the sole purpose of sending `nice' messages like "hello , how are you
today" or "my what nice weather we seem to be virtually having." or of a similar nature. [34]

Of course this is not how it was used. As owner of this verb, Sedate appeared (at the technological
level) to be responsible for all the pages generated by it. Players abused this anonymity at Sedate's
expense. It wasn't long before he was "newted" [35]. He was given no warning or explanation.
Some felt this was long overdue, whereas others were enraged by the continued imposition of
"harsh, arbitrary limits". They saw this is kind of control as manifesting "Modern" concepts of
hierarchical authority, supposedly rejected by the "Post Modern" wizardry.

I had created an object called the "DarkWhole", which brought me into a confrontation with the
wizardry as well. This object was similar to Jorge Luis Borge's concept of the "Panopticon", it
allowed one to experience the entirety of the communicative environment at once, to see, or rather
hear, everywhere in the MOO. But to do so it used a spying technology, a microphone placed
surreptitiously. It was a publicly accessible room so it could be  used by anyone, to spy on any
unsecured room in the MOO. Players began use and abuse this device, and again, because of
ownership,  my personal object number appeared to be technologically responsible for the
invasion. Yet, there was no clear policy on "spying". Invasions of privacy failed to fall within the
category of "rights" which the wizards chosen to protect [36]. The complaints generated against
me had no legal grounds, and the wizards were hard pressed to legitimate their harassment of me.
Their dictate that "repeated nuisance behavior will cost you your player" was serving as a poor
source of  polity. How often is repeated? Who is a nuisance to whom? What constitutes behavior? 

The wizardry refused to address our complaints or our challenges, feeling they were either
misplaced and misguided. John Unsworth ultimately sought to silence the dissent by brute force
commenting, "arbitrary decisions are quick and seem efficient... sensitive mediateio is nicer but
takes forever and doesn't always deal with problems" [37]. Sedate was toaded and yet  another
"code of conduct" was announced. Spamming and spoofing were universality outlawed. We found
this particularly ironic, that they would outlaw  universally the technologies that create the
environment. How many lines constitutes spam? At what point does consented attribution become
"spoofing". But  we knew that the community was already too large and diverse to police. There
were a lack of social networks for enforcing the rules, but as the Wizards now trusted no one, this
is immaterial. The propagation of abusive technologies continues to plague the community. A
sense of "vague uneasiness" and tension remains, allowing daily life to be easily disrupted by
outbreaks of obnoxious behavior. The technologies of "Terrorism" have long since been
destroyed, but their logic continues to dominate the discourse. Succeeding generations of
programmers have sought  to replace the alternate hierarchies abandoned by the exodus of
disenchanted citizens. Many of the same themes have reemerged, but most often in a less charming
fashion.

My experiences seem to support the proposition that the "fundamental coerciveness of a society,
exists not in its mechanisms of social control, but its ability to impose itself as reality" [38].  This
society,  its reality,  is impacted by the networks that develop there, as well as the technological
media that hosts it. Control over the medium, informational power, should be diffused through
these networks, to allow the virtual space to reflect the sensibilities of its inhabitants. I find it
ultimately ironic that those who rail against such a diffusion as promoting the "quest" for power
in cyberspace, are themselves engaged in such a political economy. Whether a user @gripes,
@gags, @redlists, @toads, whines, complains, casts dispersions or flames, spams, spoofs, spies
or moves; they are exercising power: Power in the economic sense of exchanging information,
power in the discursive sense of building a community of norms, power in the constructive sense
of engaging and imposing their will on the environment.



Appendix I:

%%  TERRORIST CLASS PLAYER INSTRUCTIONS  %%

Welcome to the Terrorist Player Class. Wear it proudly.You are part of an elite cadre now, with
special powersand a duty to squash the bourgeois Programmer Class onceand for all! We must
keep them off balance by strikingoften. We must disseminate fear and confusion. To this end, you
have been given the following verbs:
--
steal <anything> from <player>
   Do not be shy, steal from the PC as they have stolen from us!
   You have a 1 in 10 chance of tipping them off.
   Some objects may be well guarded and therefore not possible to 
steal.

ditch [player]
   Drop all your inventory or plant it on another player.
   This is good if you are caught stealing and have to get
   rid of the evidence, or if someone has planted objects on you!

echo <anything>
   Display any text to the room. Describe a mood, action, or throw 
you
   voice.

radio <any message> (or # )
  Send a message to all Terrorists with your TerrorCom(tm)!
  Notify Terrorists you are on the MOO, with `#' on its own.

salute (or sal)
  Automatically salute your fellow comrades in the room.

slogan! (or slo)
  Toe the party line with a host of Pro-Terrorist, Anti-Bourgeois
  Programmer Class slogans. The greatest enemy of The People is 
the complacency of the Programmer Class!

kill [player]
  Terrorists are trained in the lethal use of various weapons.

bomb <player>
  Get the comrades together for a drive-by bombing! Use this 
  feature sparingly, as it will bomb the entire location the
  target is in. The bombs act indiscriminately, whereas before
  they only killed programmers. No one is safe. We have upped the
  ante, so to speak, toward the end of the MOO.

--Comrade Sabat has given the Terrorists exclusive use of
  his SuperPets (which eat people). Thank you brother!


               LONG LIVE THE REVOLUTION!

Footnotes:

[1] Howard Rhiengold, Virtual Community: Homesteading on the Electronic Frontier
(HarperPerennial, 1994), 5.
[2] Marshall McLuhan, Understanding Media: The Extensions of Man (New York: McGraw-Hill,
1964)
[3] Pauline Marie Rosenau, Post-Modernism and the Social Sciences: Insights, Inroads, and
Intrusions (Princeton University Press, 
1992), 69.
[4] Douglas Kellner & Steven Best, Postmodern Theory: Critical Interrogations (New York: The
Guilford Press 1991), 119. Jean Baudrillard, Simulations (New York: Semiotext(e), 1983), 23.
[5] Elizabeth Reid, "Culture Formations in Text-Based Virtual Realities", Written in fulfillment
of the requirements for the degree of Master of Arts, Cultural Studies Program, Department of
English, University of Melbourne, January 1994, it is available by anonymous FTP from  
parcftp.xerox.com:/pub/MOO/papers/CulturalFormations.*.
* Note that there is no way to properly attribute page numbers to electronic texts. Quotes are
taken verbatim, unless otherwise indicated.
[6] Surfer, Message 392 on *Theory-MOO at PMC
[7] McLuhan, 36.
[8] Allan Alford, aka Chiphead, "Discussions on PointMOOt", personal interview, 6 November
1994.
[9] Rhiengold, 3.
[10] John Unsworth, "Living Inside the (Operation) System: Community in Virtual Reality"
Availabl\e by  World Wide Web: http://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/pmc/Virtual.Community.html
[11] Unsworth
[12] Pavel Curtis, "Mudding: Social Phenomena in Text-Based Virtual Realities," Intertek Vol 3.3
(Winter, 1992).Also available by anonymous FTP from
parcftp.xerox.com:/pub/MOO/papers/DIAC92.*
[13] Sara Kiesler, Jane Siegel, and Timothy W. McGuire, "Social psychological aspects of
computer-mediated communication." American Psychologist Vol 39 No. 10 (October 1984)
1123-1134.
[14] Kiesler et al,  1129. Reid
[15] This is Unsworth's central argument in "Living Inside the (Operating) System: Community
in Virtual Reality"
[16] The term, "Wizard", is a hold over from the days of knights and warriors, an anachronism.
[17] Reid
[18] Curtis
[19] Rosenau, 78. Michel Foucault, Power/Knowledge: Selected Interviews and Other Writings,
Ed. Colin Gordon. Trans. Colin Gordon, Leo Marshall, John Mepham, Kate Soper. (Brighton,
Sussex: Harvester, 1980), 132.
[20] Julian Dibbell, "A Rape in Cyberspace, or How an Evil Clown, a Haitian Trickster Spirit,
Two Wizards, and a Cast of Dozens Turned a Databas Into a Society." Originally published in
Village Voice Vol. 38, No. 51 (December 21, 1993). Available by anonymous FTP at
parcftp.xerox.com:/pub/MOO/papers/VillageVoice.txt  
[21] Mr. Bungle, quoted in Dibbell.
[22] Dibbell
[23] My primary sources are objects at LambdaMOO (telnet lambda.parc.xerox.com 8888);
Truthful Pursuits #9834, owned by Sunny, Dispute:Mickey vs. Sunny #71969,
Petition:ToadSunny #6887 , *Arbitration #27485, Arbitration Proposal #68734, & *Social-Issues
#7233). 
[24] Arbitration Proposal #68734
[25] Message 5 on D:Mickey vs.Sunny
[26] Message 5087 on *Social-Issues
[27] Troy Whitlock, "Fuck Art Let's Kill: Towards a Post Modern Community" ;Available  by 
gopher://actlab.rtf.utexas.edu/00/art_and_tech/rtf_papers/pmc.terrorism
[28] Rosenau 3.
[29] Though not in the literal sense. All objects and verbs have a permenant owner, residing in a
property that only a wizard can alter.
[30] Palefist, quoted inWhitlock
[31] Unsworth quoted in Whitlock
[32] Palefist, quoted in Whitlock.
[33] This is still the case today, a year after these events had taken place.
[34] Sedate, quoted in Whitlock
[35] "Newting" is a lesser form of "toading", which incapacitates particular character, but still
allows the individual user to connect from thier host site.
[36] See the wizard's meeting in Whitlock
[37] John Unsworth, speaking as Barney, quoted in Whitlock
[38] Peter Berger's concept of the "social construction of reality"


