


On the Organization and Disorganization of Files



This sampler has been revamped,

00README1st.txt as introduction. The result is a field of varied files -
.txt or the double-letter files such as ab, mx, etc. which are also texts
- various video formats (avi, mov, asf) - sound, programs, .exe
executables, and so forth.

If there is a resulting organization, it is in the form of the name 
itself, what follows in parallel, for example the archaea series or the 
Poly series. 

The world is such a skein of discovery, discomfiture, self-organizing 
systemics among perceptions and perceptual algorithms. Here, one employs 
the same; everything is available, the extensions guiding format and 
sense, the contents interrelated across extensions through parallel names.

The clear contents, the clarity of the contents. Fields and intensities. 
Distributivities...

The DVD+ should be explored in any direction. A few videos are repetitions
as a result of different compressions or slightly different formatting.
The text files represent my writing output for the past twelves years;
parts go back considerably earlier.

The female performer in many of the works is Azure Carter; the dancer is
Foofwa d'Imobilite. The .exe files will be readable only on a PC; the rest
can be opened with almost any operating system.

DVDs are also available which can be played on a standard NTSC DVD player.

Some of the content is 'adult'; please be advised.


-----


[more or less current 'periodic notice' and description of work below -
this is sent out, from time to time, to various email lists.]


The "Internet Text" currently constitutes around 100 files, or 10,000
printed pages. It began in early 1994, and has continued as an extended
meditation on cyberspace, expanding into 'wild theory' and literatures, 
symptomologies of the edge.

Almost all of the text is in the form of short- or long-waves. The former
are the individual sections, written in a variety of styles, at times
referencing other writers/theorists. The sections are interrelated; on
occasion emanations are used, avatars of philosophical or psychological
import. These also create and problematize narrative substructures within
the work as a whole. Such are Susan Graham, Julu, Alan, Jennifer, Azure,
and Nikuko in particular.

The long-waves are fuzzy thematics bearing on such issues as death,
sexuality, virtual embodiment, the "granularity of the real," physical
reality, computer languages, and protocols. The waves weave throughout the
text; the resulting splits and convergences owe something to
phenomenology, programming, deconstruction, linguistics, philosophy and
prehistory, as well as the domains of online worlds in relation to
everyday realities.

Overall, I'm concerned with virtual-real subjectivity and its manifesta-
tions. I continue working on a cdrom of the last eight years of my work
(Archive), as well as a series of 3d animation and other videos, some of 
which are on cdrom.

I have used MUDS, MOOS, talkers, perl, d/html, qbasic, linux, emacs, vi,
CuSeeMe, Visual Basic, etc., my work tending towards embodied writing,
texts which act and engage beyond traditional reading practices. Some of
these emerge out of performative language - soft-tech such as computer
programs which _do_ things; some emerge out of interferences with these
programs, or conversa- tions using internet applications that are
activated one way or another. And some of the work stems from
collaboration, particularly video, sound, and flash pieces.

There is no binarism in the texts, no series of definitive statements.
Virtuality is considered beyond the text- and web-scapes prevalent now.
The various issues of embodiment that will arrive with full-real VR are
already in embryonic existence, permitting the theorizing of present and
future sites, "spaces," nodes, and modalities of body/speech/community.

The texts are roughly in the order written; the last-entered at the moment
is nd. They may be read in any order, and distributed in any medium;
please credit me. I would appreciate in return any comments you may
have.

You can find my collaborative projects at

http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/index.htm and my conference
activities at http://trace.ntu.ac.uk - both as a result of my virtual
writer-in-residence with the Trace online writing community.

See also:

Vel, Blazevox, 2004
The Wayward, Salt, 2004
Sophia Text, Writers Forum, 2004
.echo, Alt-X, e-book and publish-on-demand, 2002
Being on Line, Net Subjectivity (anthology), Lusitania, 1997
New Observations Magazine #120 (anthology), Cultures of Cyberspace, 1998
The Case of the Real, Pote and Poets Press, 1998
Jennifer, Nominative Press Collective, 1997

http://www.asondheim.org/

Alan Sondheim 718-857-3671 or 718-813-3285 (US)
432 Dean Street, Brooklyn, NY, 11217-2011, US


-----------


