

Broken World: Steerage and Steering Mechanisms


We are steerage. We do not arrive.

http://www.alansondheim.org/broke11.png

*/Properly, the space in the after part of a vessel, under the 
cabin, but used generally to indicate any part of a vessel 
having the poorest accommodations and occupied by passengers 
paying the lowest rate of fare. [1913 Webster]/*

The ship is steered. The ship wanders. The world's broken. 
Don't misunderstand: nothing will save us; there is no land or: 
the land is damaged, or: the land is exhausted: blank, the land 
is blank: anguish. Anguish on our part. We're the ship. Our 
world.

Or: We're all marooned. It is no longer a question of hope, of 
the human project, of plans or structures, of capital or 
capitalism, of late capitalism, of neo-liberalism, of inerrancy 
or the absolute. It is no longer a question of ideologies, of 
common language, of the commons: it's over.

It's steered, and it's steered over, the steering's over.

The mechanisms at work are simple and fundamental. They are 
abject; they grind the rest, whatever was tottering through 
modernism - they grind the rest down. The world's a world of 
dust and radiations. The world does not crack. Our project's 
broken.

Some of them:

The first intractable mechanism: Overpopulation. The planet is 
close to its carrying capacity, and there's no end to population 
increase. The demographics are skewed towards young reproducers; 
exponential growth lumbers on. The result is more mouths to 
feed, more strains on the environment, more slash and burn, more 
hillside slums, more bush-meat, more overcrowding, less jobs, 
more local war.

The second intractable mechanism: Environmental degradation 
which has reached the point of no return. Consider the 
plasticization of the oceans, the post-tipping point of animal 
and plant extinctions, the increasing desertification 
world-wide, the loss of biological diversity. The anthropocene 
is not the usual planetary rise and fall; it's the greatest, the 
fastest, the most violent, extinction. The world is already 
destroyed; Gaia or its equivalent, is over. Something will 
remain, future adaptive radiations, but it won't be us: every 
species will be invasive, and the world, for the foreseeable 
future, will swarm.

The third intractable mechanism: Global warming which is also 
global redistribution of currents and weather flow. This is also 
irreversible, past the tipping-point. The results are harrowing: 
record-setting droughts and floods, enormous hurricanes, tornado 
swarms, irreversible sea-level rises, and so forth. This is the 
classical catastrophe (Rene Thom): the fragility of the good 
descends to chaotic phenomena, and practical measures, theory, 
containment, is always after the fact.

The fourth intractable mechanism: Increased violence and local/ 
global warfare: again, with limited resources, this will only 
grow worse. Territories split and compete; the lines are 
religious, ethnic, geographic, historic etc.; brutality 
increases as humans turn more and more to the rigidity of 
absolute/inerrant ideologies, and fortified binary oppositions - 
classical logics - gain strength as ideological instrumentality. 
This turn to the right, where the free press, women's rights, 
science and self-critique etc., are all viewed with suspicion; 
the left (if these binaries still exist at all) is an endangered 
species.

The fifth intractable mechanism: The vast sea of weaponry and 
the nuclear arsenal available to all; it is only a matter of 
time before a dirty bomb or nuclear device is detonated, the 
equivalent of over-fishing, trawling, the sea bottom. Scorched 
earth returns to scorched earth; there are no longer resources 
for rebuilding as poverty and social chaos increase in the 
world. History, archaeological sites, villages, nations, records, 
are erased; history is no longer visible, readable; reading 
itself becomes suspect.

The sixth intractable mechanism: Enclaving of the rich and 
income disparity exponentially increasing; the result is 
hoarding of resources and increased poverty as noted. This 
enclaving extends, crudely, to nations; the U.S. for example 
uses far more resources per capital than almost any other 
country; the U.S. prison system is itself a flux of pure 
capital, privatization, the largest in the world. Prisons are 
less efficient than pure disappearance; even so, population 
growth more than makes up for the violent loss of life around 
the planet. Think as well of local militias, including police 
forces that, first and foremost, look after their own, by any 
means possible. 

The seventh intractable mechanism: Antibiotics and spread of 
disease across varying species; as sludge and clutter increase 
world-wide, the opportunity for endemic disease increases. 
Disease vectors are driven by population vectors, by poor health 
practices, by hunger and poverty. Understand that overpopulation 
is behind all of this, a developing horizon, just like hacking 
and criminal gangs are a developing horizon of violence and 
seizure. There's no more living off the grid; off the grid is on 
the grid, within mechanisms and horizons. We're all in the ship, 
we're all marooned. 

The eighth intractable mechanism: Global communication networks 
granting power and encrypted communication among activist 
groups, including local militias and extremists. populations. 
These networks are temporary, because the Net and its cousins 
are subject to hacking on a inconceivable scale; security simply 
can't keep up without infringing on the rights of others - 
without replacing one ideology by another, far harsher. The Net 
and privacy are porous, and subject to the seven mechanisms 
above. With so much data and control in the cloud/s, with so 
much control and personal information in the hands of 
monopolistic corporations, gangs and governments, there's no 
doubt that we're seeing the tip of a cyberwar iceberg that will 
do violent damage far beyond the Sony fiasco - damage that will 
extend to (for example) power, health, military, and financial 
grids as well.

We must begin to think of these mechanisms as both interlocked 
and environmental - i.e. constituents of a global and 
catastrophic horizon: much as the Club of Rome developed a model 
of interrelated flows in their relatively doomsday scenarios, we 
have to see this horizon as a holarchy of entangled mechanisms. 
The difference is that the mechanisms today are chaotic and 
unpredictable: there are events (primate extinctions, violent 
storms, the rise of violent fundamentalism, hacking of financial 
institutions, etc.) that are both destructive and fissured into 
any (ideological or instrumental) coherency that might have 
appeared as "explanatory" in the heady days of modernism which 
still inform us.

What fascinates me is the global appearance of these mechanisms 
in the large: there's a kind of simplicity in their 
phenomenology that dissolves quickly upon closer inspection. But 
the simplicity isn't contradicted by the details; global 
warming, for example, doesn't reverse because the north-east 
United States is having record cold spells. The overall 
configuration of the world is based on strange attractors, which 
proceed, literally, in any case; we're steerage, not steering. 
(The technophilic ideology of progress, paradigm shifting, and 
cleverness does a disservice here, promising techno-utopias just 
around the corner - or already here - while in reality the 
beheadings and bush-meat continue to ravage.)

(I think, at the least, of a curriculum focused on these 
mechanisms - but to what end? Past the tipping-point, things 
will continue to deteriorate until the anthropocene extinction 
does final damage. I can imagine the very rich escaping at some 
point, but to where, with what rockets, with what supplies? We 
are living in the ruin of a total institution called the global; 
we go down with the ship, in steerage. And steerage is now the 
corrosion of the dream of the West at the very least, as Plato's 
cave becomes the hold of a ship floundering on polluted waters.)


