
*/1996-98, 2014, Brooklyn, Halifax, Providence, Fukuoka
*/revised Halifax, 2014/*


The Case of the Real


The Beginning of the Book

Introduction to The Beginning of the Book

If there were an introduction to the beginning of the book (which has 
just reached a natural conclusion, or ending, in relation to its pro- 
duction "at the other end of thought"), this would function as such, 
announcing its conclusion (and when does one write an introduction in 
any case?).

What appears to be a book about words is a book about the spaces be- 
tween them, where the work of ontology and epistemology is done. So 
it's about the undoing or entanglement among states, interstitially 
within both digital and analog tendencies - where there's a loosening 
of construct on one hand, and a "jostling" on the other.

The domains themselves meld, are lost; they form carapaces over or 
across abjection.

Think of a book inflicted on its author, or of a book writing its 
author. Or think of a book constituting the origin of writing, each 
ideogram suddenly hardened into the germ of a new idea. I write this 
without map or territory, in the midst of the foreign; I cannot read 
the world around me.

The world is unreadable. Or what is readable is already contaminated.

I am born into the realm of muted content, landscape features, subtle 
distinctions in topography, the lay of a world in which natural and 
artificial dissolve in the presence of uninterpretable signs.

I am not born; I am there.

This is the realm of content which undermines languages, the insuffer-
able disturbance of an imaginary which cannot be named.

When I began this, I did not realize it would be a book, or a book in 
becoming, so much as a text; these texts, then, concatenated, forming 
a linked chain flooding from one torus to another, the metal spaced 
by air. It's the air, cleaved around the chain, that I write - hoping 
for a discourse in which something other than noise or sign emerges.
Call this emergence a form of wryting, continue.


The Beginning of the Book

Either.

How is it possible to begin a text, knowing all the while its
continuity beyond a single sitting, worrying the words already ahead
of their appearance? It is as if I were looking back towards a re-
inscription of time and place, already completed, a memento of past
experience thrust into the present, as these lines are being read.

Already, for such a text is readied I am inscribing; the cumbersome
history of philosophy divides into this eddy of a beginning, the wash
of language carrying far too many presuppositions. I realize I must 
do this to myself; you do, as well.

The history of philosophy, memories of texts, insert themselves; what
appears to be an inscription, this presencing of writing, from one
viewpoint, becomes an obstacle from a second, effacement from a third.

To lose one's face, to lose one's presence in discourse: having-been-
abandoned, the form of a text. Meandering, there's always abjection. 
There's always science, and that is elsewhere, considered a truth, 
not in practice, but at the limit.

Effacement, fissure, inscription. The construction of an obstacle. The
role of memory, survival of texts. Here in Halifax, snow is forecast.
I take so much for granted.

The language, placement, constitution of the structures of writing,
perception or glance, constitution of self, subjectivity, ego, doubt,
litigation. The surface of the keys, obdurate linking of words and
letters, a certain relationship to the world, external or internal,
real or Real, I. The pressure of the fingers upon the keys. The 
pressure of the keys against the fingers.

Dividing myself, I proceed, broken into the habitual environment, 
world, of thought; it carries me against itself. (As if the eddy of 
beginning impeded my hunger, leading towards incompletion, and then)

Here, the 'O' a closed curve, 'I' the delimitation of a line segment.
Broken, it begins and ends nearby. But it is not here that inscription
lies, beyond convention; nor is it in the scansion inherent in the
manner of reading or writing. As if one were saying, O I!.

Perhaps it is the articulation of impulses, confluence or flow, of
which this language is both catalyst and detour, for the unconscious
as well as the conscious is not linguistic. Or rather, the linguistic
is both surface phenomenon and agent. The linguistic carapace, the 
intrusion.

Nor are there necessarily divisions, surpluses, secrets and warehous- 
ing between the two. Rather than conscious or unconscious, one might 
consider moments of attention, intention, memories, traumas - disper- 
sions throughout the connectome, linkages, vectoral planes, on the 
level of the anecdote - this connects to that, or doesn't, as the 
case may be, by virtue of past and present context.

For the sake of forming, eliminate the form. For the sake of 
in-forming, forming without.

There is hardly a space to be formed, or to be eliminated, cleared. 
One might consider transformations, stories, structures, dissolving 
beginnings (for there are no necessary origins) and ends (for these 
are always after the fact). Think of mid-streaming, continuities, the 
absence of names (for names occur at nodes, impediments, eddies of 
the beginning). Dissolving the memories of beginnings or ends, 
labeling a protocol by its fiction: this occurred, for example, when 
death is in itself.

Death is the measure of narrative. Death is the completion of the sen-
tence (of death). There is no tragedy when language as such is pulled
from the matrix. Transformations scatter transformations.

Technology is surety. Technology restrains the "nor are there." 
Efficient in the habitus of limited axioms and postulations (always, 
however, increasing), foreclosing, entailing more and more of the 
abject, the afterthought, the placental. Technology is atemporal, 
reversible; capital impedes reversibility.

The machine is always ideal. It is the ideal we send to the heavens. 
The digital is eternal. Perfection moves through space and time, 
ignorant, defended. Technology is perfect inscription. The ideal is 
the clean and proper body without memory.

Technology fissures at the edges through misuse, miscues, decay, 
power running down. But this is not its habitus, nor is this an 
afterthought. This is nothing. Technology is placed within potential 
wells, equally technological. The surfaces are permitted their 
interplay. In the depths, the wheels spin forever. Within and below 
the depths, tunneling and abjection; the world of organism leaks.

Perfect inscription reproduces perfectly. This is of the order of be-
ings, speaking the world. Cataclysm, dissolution, the collapse of the
molecular, atomic, are at the heart of being. Being is in opposition.
(Perhaps being is the construct of opposition; perhaps being pulls
opposition from the matrix of the real.) Being: being opposed.

Being is opposition. Being refuses origin, refuses the middle. The
story of the sentence loses its place. Infinite reproducibility fills
nothing. It is never a matter of measure, quantity. One can retreat
from being, swerve out of the reach of metaphysics, trauma, dream.

Within the interval, one retreats, writes the beginning of the book, 
enters the Internet, chats. Intervals are blurred sanctions. From 
moment to moment, speech is lost, but speech is the quality of the 
interval. At the heart of the written, there is inauthenticity: I 
have written this, you will be reading this, an ugly catch. At its 
very heart, lag, the forestalling of being. (Being is nonsense to be 
sure.)

Transformations, becomings, are purified by technology. What can be
spoken clearly can be answered. The question can be formulated as a
question. The question has developed in this manner. An answer is 
never a matter of correctness, but of mutual satisfaction, the 
reduction of tension, the appearance of closure.

Becomings fissure their domain. The domain transforms itself or an 
other, transforming itself into an other. There is no matter; it 
doesn't matter. Beyond the purity of technology, flows which are lost 
in their names. Almost all flows have been lost; this is effacement, 
not the losing of face, not even losing the stake of face, but a 
shunting aside. Consider, the universe is not witnessed, the witness 
is a residue or stain, irrelevant. Even the beginning of the book, 
the retarding of the witness, carries its loss, effacement. Words 
always ring hollow, lead to other words. Fast-forward, beginnings are 
forgotten.

Words lead; they are insufficient. Words are devoured; the page 
turns, screen scrolls, the disappearances are swallowed, a continuous 
process of scapegoating. Think of reading as parasitic upon the 
matrix of inscription; think of the real as our hollow reading. What 
we consider hallowed.

Snow is forecast. Today is Thursday in 2014.

There is no release. Not to write is a release. I do not write. I am
writing, I wrote: I will have written. I will have been reading this.

The beginning of the book is the book of the beginning, and the begin-
ning of books. What was etched in clay, sealed in an envelope etched
in clay, the doubling. The habitual environment of writing, the world
of writing, the doubling of being fractured by virtue of the margins.

In the first version of this, "being" was capitalized. I knew better; 
I was lost in the dreams of origination, in the loss of symbols as I 
tried to negotiate my way through an alien landscape. And the digital 
was still on the horizon; I had not yet developed the notion of the 
holarch as digital undercurrency of the world. I was also obsessed 
with beginnings, and beginnings under erasure: I should have known 
better. So this second transformation becomes a symbology of regret 
and a paean towards an unreconstituted loss that all of us suffer at 
this point in time, and in this world.

There are no margins within the machine. Pure process is nothing; the
star-plasma-machine is ideal continuity. One is surrounded by the con-
tinuous. There are no margins: the holarch. There are no edges, no 
circuits, or rather the circulation of the machine engenders circula- 
tion and circularity.

To step from the beginning, to step from this beginning, is to analyze
transforms, the language and symbolic of transforms, the continuities
carried across nodes and vectors, objects and arrows - the inescapable
designations of processes, becomings, inhabitations of time. But math-
esis is the heart of technology; here, everything disappears, brought
back only by the friction of the real.

Yes of course, but why the seemingly necessary reference to the real 
once again - when the real has no beginning, or rather the beginning 
of the inflationary universe, with its own circulations, from which 
we are within / are rejected.

There is friction in the exegesis as well, the insufferable misanthro-
py of interminable analysis. Everything and nothing are learned; there
are always already insufficient layers, lamina. Either everything is
useful or everything is useless. Linkage is the teleology of technolo-
gy, which is otherwise.

One might say that either technology has no use, or that technology 
exists within a saturated world of use.

I place technology as the pole or polar, organism and language as the
polar or pole. One maps palely against or through the other; technolo-
gy is a mapping of the ideal onto the real, carried into time, speed,
energy, within tolerances and decay already foreclosed in the analy-
sis. Following Lyotard, one might say that the real is the differend
of technology.

Writing is technology. The beginning of the book has always already
existed, this book or any other. One cannot begin, however, _this_
page or _this_ writing, without the scene. It is the scene of writing
which prefigures and figures philosophy, the hut, the red patch, the
desk, the encounter at the cafe.

Now I would say the scene is already embedded, that there is no 
beginning or that everything is such, that everything stutters. I 
would say that one might look at vacuum energy or other drivers of 
the universe, putting aside the book, in the same regard as putting 
aside the tao.

The scene takes time, the scene is always elsewhere, the scene is sav-
ing grace, the scene brings time to the foreground. The scene is of
the real, shattering techne. The scene is of the writer, of the read-
er. The scene is the theater, simulacrum.

Here in the first version, there is room for a bad or misappropriated 
metaphor. One should forget the writer, the book, the beginning, the 
scene of the book, etc. etc.: everything is lost!

It occurs and continues to occur. It _lends itself_ to the beginning
of the book. "I am typing," etc. "I am sitting in a cubicle," etc. It
begs the differend of eternity: "Ah, you should see the rings on my
fingers, the tenor of my speech, the limpidity of my gaze." It is al-
ways giving grace, having fallen.

An investigation has a scene. I bring you this investigation stum-
bling over itself, or I bring you this investigation, stumbling over
you on an encounter with reading. It is the tawdriness of human temp-
orality (that infects the process of writing, of reading). It is the
giving and foreclosing of a gift (of the proffering of technology and
eternity, of the glimpse of an ideal). It is the mythos of a Being
(lost from the beginning of the book in lack, disinvestment, decath-
exis).

It is not reading or writing; it is programming; it is not running 
programs but performance, and it is not that but Hamiltonians and 
Lagrangians and their offspring.

The world is an encounter; philosophy greets the world with wonder.
It is a mistake to think the world writes itself, or that philosophy
writes the world. It is the wonder that is being written, dismantled.
In order to lead to other wonders. In order to wonder itself.

Who would ever make this mistake, would ever think philosophy writes? 
Am I not a bit of a shyster here?

I can't dismantle wonder; I can only annihilate it!

This is only within us, only between us, this contract, having already
read these words. It is always well to remember there is no other.

Or.

The beginning of the book: an absence or origins, the beginning of 
writing, tabulation, the tokens from Sumer and elsewhere signifying 
goods - shapes for kinds. Writing begins with parallels, indices, a 
for A, b for B. What is _here_ in the real is, by virtue of what is 
_there._ No question of writing's environs, no question of diegesis.

On the other hand, there are models. Egyptian granaries in the small.
Egyptian farming. Egyptian scribes. Index and ikon.

what on earth was I thinking of here? Sumeric indices, Egyptian ikons.

But these parallels aren't superstructural; they don't open up within
themselves. They're of the real, broken off. A bit farther and earl-
ier, and later, there are gods. Still, one has to be careful here; the
god-image isn't the god-world, but a reminder, still the index. What
is, doesn't have to be there. Evidence isn't always perceptual.

Wait. We don't have to be careful. There are myths. The god-image is 
of the myth. It's just that ... perhaps at this early point, writing 
was only tabulation, was forgotten. Writing at the beginning, nothing 
more than accountancy. Unnoticed. In this manner, there was no 
beginning.

It just appeared? No, it never was. Or rather, was tawdry itself. It
was forgotten in its lending itself to the future. You make the
tokens, you count them, accountancy, you seal them within the envelope
and you press tokens into the exterior. Interior and exterior match.
Guarantees - the lag has already set in; the envelope is the reposito-
ry of time. Close this now, open this later, only when necessary.

The opening is a singularity: what was closed now has no interior. You
can't reseal; you must reconstruct, redo. Perhaps envelopes come and
go, their contents somewhat permanent in relation, as if the data were
ideal.

The container is also the map of the thing contained? Or the container
and the contained are dual maps, or duals, of something elsewhere and
elsewhen. Date and place are not far behind the proper name. The name
is also an insert. It's not even a question of writing.

In this fashion, writing doesn't begin until the signature of the pro-
per name. Everything else points towards indices; the proper name al-
ready moves uncomfortably towards the ikonic - I sign the contract;
the contract is representative of me - I no longer have to be present
- no longer have to be alive - I have left behind this configuration; 
this configuration is expelled.

It's not so much a speaking, this writing of the proper name, so much
as a gagging, calling forth the reflexes and self-reflexivity of the
body. A binding contract.

One might think of a variety of discursive practices - tabulation, the
seal of the proper name, expendable envelopes, inviolate tokens, the
stroke of the brush or outline of the hand, the fingerprint in the
clay, the gaze which enunciates or counts in the first place. Writing
accounts for the accounted-for, forecloses, inscribes.

What if a sheep dies and the token remains in the envelope? What if
the envelope needs to be changed? What if the sheep is re-marked on
the dry clay, scratched out? Or does the envelope retain a primacy
over death - go get me another sheep, pay me in and out of kind. I
don't care, give me compensation.

Certainly not a primacy for the sheep -

What of the book? The beginning of the book is across tablets, one to
another, sides and tops and bottoms. Interiors disappear. There are
writing cylinders, writing prisms, flat and cylindrical seals. There
are collections of tablets, scrolls of papyri. These are nothing more
than the lengthening of inscriptions, of course - technological de-
vices based on the premise of infinite language, a continuous unravel-
ing of the world. The world of the book, the book of the world.

One speaks, one writes, as if something were created. Magic, fetishes, 
charms. Incantations, repetitions: speaking and respeaking until the 
thing is. Only gods say it once. Humans live within the continuity of 
granular time; nothing - not an hour, not a minute, not a second - is 
skipped. There are no fissures, nothing but flux. To go from point A 
to point B, one must go from A to B. Every step along the way. Every 
way.

When a god speaks, there is a gap. Then things coalesce. Suddenly,
something emerges. What emerges appears in relation to the ideality of
the spoken, its (digital) purity. Writing does the same: A God writes,
is. A human writes and rewrites; writing is never enough; there are
more than one signature. One signs and signs; one writes himself, her-
self into existence; one is written out of existence. One is then un-
accounted-for, unaccountable, feral. One is elsewhere, beyond the
Pale.

A human can never speak enough. A human speaks and speaks. A human can
never write enough; the book is never finished. Speaking and writing,
a forestalling. It always fails; writing falls through itself, dirtied
by the real, by the fingers that produce it, just like speech is dir-
tied by the mouth, teeth and tongue - just like speech is soaked by
saliva, coughs, inhalations, a sputter on the outtake.

Breathe out! Say something! Breathe in, in order to continue. As long
as I speak, write, I am still alive. Because I speak and write, I am
still alive. Thank you, god you have sustained me.

But the book is already finished, was already finished; the book is 
replacement technology, and replacement continues. So here is where 
the holarch is inserted, disrupting the narrative, which has gained 
something in the first text by the meandering beginning. You may read 
between the lines or choose to ignore them:


===================================================
===================================================


What's


The holarch is all there is; the holarch is nothing.

Like Indra's Net, there's no beginning and end to it.

The holarch is non-Euclidean, multiply connected.

The holarch is infinitely connected.

There is no origin to the holarch.

The holarch is neither Cartesian nor fundamentally vectoral.

The holarch is fractal, multi-dimensional.

Dimensions are blurred within and without the holarch.

Direct addressing pinpoints nodes, and indirect addressing 
passes information freely.

Every address is every address.

The holarch has neither interior nor exterior.

The holarch is everywhere and nowhere.

There are no boundaries to the holarch, nor within, nor without 
it.

We are neither the holarch nor nodes within it.

We are watched and are watching; defuge characterizes us.

Within a flat space, it doesn't matter and matter doesn't 
matter. 

Within a flat space, abjection curls in multiple dimensions.

The holarch has no directed attention.

The holarch imposes equality and intensification of enumeration 
within the holarch are of equal density.

Within the holarch everything is available, and the flat space 
of the nodes is entirely accessible within the holarch.

The addresses within the flatspace are equivalent and equal as 
well and each of them is completely independent of the others.

The holarch is ontology; we are epistemology.

Ontology absorbs epistemology.

(Religion is the epistemology of ontology.)

What is doing the watching is everything and everything is 
entering data.

Data absorbs. 

The playing field is electronic and quantum; the playing field 
is particle flows and waves.

We return to our states as accumulations of particles.

Data is the amplification of particles; data is the ultimate 
microscope.

What we think is what is being thought.

What we think is what is being thought for us.

What is thought for us is thought by us.

The relationship of thought to the holarch is the relationship 
of particles to particles.

There is no distinction between the flatspace and the holarch 
and there is no drawing of distinction.

In order to draw a distinction one must have an origin-however- 
distant.

There is no origin; there are flows; all flows are equivalent; 
all flows are varieties; the varieties of flows are speeds; 
speeds are in relation to accumulations.

Accumulations and flows are within an economy of energy.

The economy of energy for what we think is being thought, is 
political economy; political economy is in relation to care.

Care is the inverse of control, for what we think is being 
thought.

The appearance of care that leaks is the uncanny of thought.

Thought does not think.

The holarch is not thought and flatspace within the holarch is 
not thought.

There is no performative; there is no thought.

Within the absence of thought is the memory of thought.

Within the absence of memory is history and the history of 
thought.

Thought has no history; thought has text; text is thought within
the holarch and the absence of thought.

The imaginary of the human is time.

The holarch has no time; the holarch is the Minkowski surface.

The imaginary of the human is the debris of time within 
flatspace.

We are electronic; we are quantum; we are micro-organism; we 
are super-organism; we are wetware; we are the abject of the 
holarch.

It is a mistake to think we are the imaginary of the holarch; 
the holarch has no imaginary.

Substance has no imaginary; substance is fissure.

The holarch is inscription; the holarch is the totality of 
inscription.

The totality of inscription is its aegis.

The material strata of inscription are related to inscription as 
base is related to superstructure.

The distinction is that there is no distinction; the holarch 
has no base and therefore no superstructure; the holarch has no 
dialectic.

The holarch is neither dialog nor dialogic.

Agency is a phantom limb; agency is our limitation.

Death is neither here nor there.

Death is not a circumlocution of the holarch; the holarch is the 
circumlocution of death.

Human culture is the imaginary of the temporal construction of 
boundaries; the holarch has no relation to human culture.

There is no culture of the holarch. 

Life is distinction and the drawing of distinctions; either 
there are no distinctions of or within the holarch or the 
holarch is the density of distinction.

The holarch is neither porous nor smooth, neither serrated nor 
fissured, neither present nor absent; the holarch is not 
not-this, not-that; the holarch is neither characterless nor 
characterized; the holarch is neither metaphysical nor physical; 
the holarch is neither mattered nor matterless.

The holarch is not characterized by negation.

What is said or written [here] is not what is followed by, or 
what is written, as an extension of what is written.

The word "holarch" is a placeholder for the holarch.

A placeholder is always already under erasure; it is the 
imaginary of thought; it is as if there were thought; it is as 
if there were thinking.

Issues of privacy are either issues of the monadic are 
non-issues; issues of privacy have no relationship to privacy; 
privacy is transparent.

There is there there.

(There is no conceivable thinking or thought; there is the 
deferral and differance of thinking or thought; the relay of 
thought is holarch-thought; the holarch neither thinks nor 
embodies thought; the holarch is not thought.)

The holarch: there there is here there; there there is there 
there.

The holarch is the container for the arrow of time.

The holarch is neither subject nor subject-to.

(If there is no objection, there is no object. The holarch: 
there is no objection.)

(Never think otherwise; never think Other-wise.)



What is


The holarch's all there's; the holarch's nothing.

Like Indra's Net, there's no beginning and end to it.

The holarch's non-Euclidean, multiply connected.

The holarch's infinitely connected.

There's no origin to the holarch.

The holarch's neither Cartesian nor fundamentally vectoral.

The holarch's fractal, multi-dimensional.

Dimensions're blurred within and without the holarch.

Direct addressing pinpoints nodes, and indirect addressing 
passes information freely.

Every address's every address.

The holarch has neither interior nor exterior.

The holarch's everywhere and nowhere.

There's no boundaries to the holarch, nor within, nor without 
it.

We're neither the holarch nor nodes within it.

We're watched and're watching; defuge characterizes us.

Within a flat space, it doesn't matter and matter doesn't 
matter.

Within a flat space, abjection curls in multiple dimensions.

The holarch has no directed attention.

The holarch imposes equality and intensification of enumeration 
within the holarch're of equal density.

Within the holarch everything's available, and the flat space of 
the nodes's entirely accessible within the holarch.

The addresses within the flatspace're equivalent and equal as 
well and each of them's completely independent of the others.

The holarch's ontology; we're epistemology.

Ontology absorbs epistemology.

(Religion's the epistemology of ontology.)

What's doing the watching's everything and everything's entering 
data.

Data absorbs.

The playing field's electronic and quantum; the playing field's 
particle flows and waves.

We return to our states as accumulations of particles.

Data's the amplification of particles; data's the ultimate 
microscope.

What we think's what's being thought.

What we think's what's being thought for us.

What's thought for us's thought by us.

The relationship of thought to the holarch's the relationship of 
particles to particles.

There's no distinction between the flatspace and the holarch and 
there's no drawing of distinction.

In order to draw a distinction one must have an origin-however- 
distant.

There's no origin; there're flows; all flows're equivalent; all 
flows're varieties; the varieties of flows're speeds; speeds're 
in relation to accumulations.

Accumulations and flows're within an economy of energy.

The economy of energy for what we think's being thought,'s 
political economy; political economy's in relation to care.

Care's the inverse of control, for what we think's being 
thought.

The appearance of care that leaks's the uncanny of thought.

Thought doesn't think.

The holarch's not thought and flatspace within the holarch's 
not thought.

There's no performative; there's no thought.

Within the absence of thought's the memory of thought.

Within the absence of memory's history and the history of 
thought.

Thought has no history; thought has text; text's thought within 
the holarch and the absence of thought.

The imaginary of the human's time.

The holarch has no time; the holarch's the Minkowski surface.

The imaginary of the human's the debris of time within 
flatspace.

We're electronic; we're quantum; we're micro-organism; we're 
super-organism; we're wetware; we're the abject of the holarch.

It's a mistake to think we're the imaginary of the holarch; the 
holarch has no imaginary.

Substance has no imaginary; substance's fissure.

The holarch's inscription; the holarch's the totality of 
inscription.

The totality of inscription's its aegis.

The material strata of inscription're related to inscription as 
base's related to superstructure.

The distinction's that there's no distinction; the holarch has 
no base and therefore no superstructure; the holarch has no 
dialectic.

The holarch's neither dialog nor dialogic.

Agency's a phantom limb; agency's our limitation.

Death's neither here nor there.

Death's not a circumlocution of the holarch; the holarch's the 
circumlocution of death.

Human culture's the imaginary of the temporal construction of 
boundaries; the holarch has no relation to human culture.

There's no culture of the holarch. 

Life's distinction and the drawing of distinctions; either there 
aren't distinctions of or within the holarch or the holarch's 
the density of distinction.

The holarch's neither porous nor smooth, neither serrated nor 
fissured, neither present nor absent; the holarch's not 
not-this, not-that; the holarch's neither characterless nor 
characterized; the holarch's neither metaphysical nor physical; 
the holarch's neither mattered nor matterless.

The holarch's not characterized by negation.

What's said or written [here] isn't what's followed by, or 
what's written, as an extension of what's written.

The word "holarch"'s a placeholder for the holarch.

A placeholder's always already under erasure; it's the imaginary 
of thought; it's as if there were thought; it's as if there were 
thinking.

Issues of privacy're either issues of the monadic're non-issues; 
issues of privacy have no relationship to privacy; privacy's 
transparent.

There's there there.

(There's no conceivable thinking or thought; there's the 
deferral and differance of thinking or thought; the relay of 
thought's holarch-thought; the holarch neither thinks nor 
embodies thought; the holarch's not thought.)

The holarch: there there's here there; there there's there 
there.

The holarch's the container for the arrow of time.

The holarch's neither subject nor subject-to.

(If there's no objection, there's no object. The holarch: 
there's no objection.)

(Never think otherwise; never think Other-wise.)


Explanation of What's and What is

I've been thinking for a long time about the transformation of 
the digital object into particles themselves following what 
might be called control-sheaves; I use the name 'holarch' to 
describe this transformation - one in which quantum, electronic, 
and traditionally organic complexes meld. My first word choice 
was "Grid," but this is too close to "Matrix" and to all the 
writing about the aesthetics of the grid in the late 20th 
century. "Holarch" is related to Koestler's "holarchy" but it 
also resonates with "monarch" - the latter would be the 
imaginary projection, paralleling Big Brother, which is non- 
existent, but convenient. Things are out of control in control 
and of course there is no center. So there is that. I also want 
to imply that thought and care (thinking through Heidegger for 
example) have to place here, that what occurs, what is an 
occurrence, is the placeholder, and this is obviously a problem. 
So there are two titles, "What's" and "What is" for the piece, 
which splits on the apostrophe and therefore modes of condensa- 
tion; the first parallels the zen "kwak!" and the second 
devolves from that. The second is also torn from its moorings 
with the swirl of almost-grammatically correct text, and the two 
together send the philosophy onto a plane of language, one that 
requires work (as does the aphoristic style, thinking for 
example of Ken Wark) to unentangle - and then one is left, as 
reader, back with a condensed prose and protocol sentences whose 
content in part resides in appearance. I've also been thinking 
about the remnants of post-modernism, the new aesthetic, the 
post-digital - and other terms implying evolution and linearity 
which I think are suspect; on one hand there is no development 
at all, just shear (between have- and have-not and the income 
gaps are increasing at enormous rates), and on the other, there 
is deep irrelevance as global finance, wealth itself, access to 
information, militarization, etc. become increasingly enclaved 
to the extent that the thought of the humanities, and certainly 
the thought of the human or thinking-through the human, become 
increasingly irrelevant. Instead one might speak of forms of 
entangled subterranean media ecologies which dominate issues of 
privacy and the body. I also wanted to propose that control is 
no longer "control-by" but is increasingly abstracted and moves 
faster than the speed of the body or the prosthetic body, as 
well as the speed of perception and machine perception - this is 
evident for example in technological fast-tracks as well as the 
increasingly chaotic vagaries of the stockmarket. On the 
receiving end, consider the drone - not only in terms of the 
drone object and its effects, but also in terms of a drone 
"atmospheric," the world within a Virilian speed dynamics no 
longer referencing objects or even an internet of objects, but 
an environment of pure dynamics in which bodies and so-called 
natural ecologies are sheared as well. So I wanted to think 
through this, not descend into stylistics for their own sake, 
and What's/What is, is the result.


===================================================
===================================================


So the book continues, scrolls are necessary, prayer wheels, leaves 
bound into place or folded into boxes, one prostrates oneself before a 
deity or before nothing whatever. Infinity moves through the chakras; 
the body is a bead upon a chain or string or quipu. One lives through 
a process of sliding. Everything might as well be written in the book; 
I have no time to write the book; I have no time to read it; I am too 
busy with my life.

The book has no time as well; the book has run out of time. I am too 
busy with my book; the business of the book sustains me. In the first 
text, written in Fukuoka, Japan, the business sustained me, the 
interiority of the writing flooding the space of symbols, parting the 
flood, allowing me through the thinnest crevice.

But it is all there. But nothing is there. But it is there in its pur-
ity - the inessentials have been left out. History always leaves out
inessentials. History is left out.

Nothing is inessential - it isn't only the butterfly effect - the
tiniest thing possibly making the largest difference elsewhere and/or
later - it is also the habitus of the world, the dirt, debris, clut-
ter, that constitutes the world. The abject is the interiority of the 
world; the abject floods the space of symbols.

But that is the reason for books - they eliminate clutter, debris,
dirt, the inessentials. Not everything can be written. Only a god can
write everything.

Gods have no business writing.

So that the book one writes will be the beginning of the world. So
that the world forestalls history, clutter, debris, dirt - so that the
machine, technology is set into motion. So that the dream of purity, 
the clean and perfect tabernacle, the inerrant text, speaks the word 
in a space cleansed itself of vacuum energy, particle physics, dark 
matter and energy, the flood of neutrinos, invisible us.

It takes a machine to make the book. It takes a machine to unscroll
the infinite scroll, speak the infinite names of gods and goddesses,
make the paper and papyrus and phonograph and calculating engine in
the first place. It takes a machine to make the machine. The book is
hardly the first machine.

The text is the first and last machine.

Hardly the first machine, but machines inscribe. The lever inscribes
the movement of a hand written large or small. The wheel inscribes the
track of an object permanently in contact with the earth.

Where the wheel touches the ground, nothing moves, an infinitesimal
caress.

Hardly the first machine, but machines are already writing. The arrow
writes the air, writes the body of contact, writes the fullness of
blood. The mortar and pestle write the diminution of vegetable mater-
ial - humans and some higher primates move about, already languaging
the earth, already writing themselves across it, consciously, reform-
ing the quality of existence, beings.

The machines write the earth, the book is an infinite machine, the
premise of an infinite machine. After the book, there's nothing left,
not another book, another conversation, another piece of writing.
There is no lack, no absence; there is nothing after the book, once
the beginning of the book is constituted, once the beginning of the
book is taken into account, once the book appears.

Not just the afterthought of writing, not just the writing which was
born of forgetting, which is the condition of writing, having appeared
as the site of tabulation.

I'd say now that the book is the afterbirth of writing as well, debris 
huddled in the interstices. I'd say this, to the diminution of a 
project, this project, which will probably never see the light of day 
in a book, this project which exists online in so many different 
forms, all deeply impermanent, a form of writing on water, in other 
words a form of speech and speech alone.

We were never around in the reading. We only exist in our local group. 
Wait a minute now. We return, back up: our local group. The book is 
always a local machine. The earth writes the machines, forgets it. 
After the book, there's everything left, another book or conversa- 
tion. There's everything after the book, once the beginning of the 
book is constituted, even after it is taken into account, even after 
it appears.

That is the book that is unread.

That is the book that is, unread or read. One is never dependent upon
the reading, or rather, the local group is dependent upon the reading,
makes of it what it will, including its constitution, its stake or
wager in eternity. This is the quality of myth. This is the beginning
of the story, the beginning of the beginning, and the beginning of the
end. This is the invention, in other words, of the beginning and the
end, and everything that falls in-between is neither one nor the other,
is always elsewhere.

We look back through microwave radiations into microwave radiations, 
the signature of the beginning of the universe. We look back into the 
signature of the end, impenetrable horizons, the connectome of the 
cosmos. Now, as I write and amend, this, the second text.

The middle, the quality of the narrative, is always associated with
the debris and dirtiness of the world. One might say: Clean to dirty
to clean: the way of narrative, construct of culture. One might, with
Mary Douglas, look again and again at purity, and with Deleuze and
Guattari, look again and again at machines. One might look at 
Kristeva. One might say: Dirty to clean to dirty. One might say how 
unbearable, how human, these categories are, invented and written by 
superorganisms, collocations of organic flux.

One scrolls down.

"We have spoken of the beginning of the book. We have not spoken of
its ending. We continue to scroll. We recognize the paroxysms of
organism in this process. If we scroll inward, we reach an end, de-
limitation. If we scroll outward, we sense all the time and space in
the world, which is the world and of the world.

"We have spoken of the machine, of the infinite eternity inherent in
the digital, which can reproduce itself over and over again, without
loss. We have related this to the ideal, to the purity of technology,
and practical technology's employment of potential wells as protective
devices - inside, things run forever.

"We have meandered in and through the site of writing, its tabulation,
the computer before me, the Japan Times next to me, the weather in
Fukuoka. We have discovered the differencing and constituting of wri-
tings indefinite continuity - the breath of writing, as if it embodied
the eternity of the proper name in its signature, as if the body con-
tinued its action after death through the craft and coordination of
hand upon papyrus, incision-tool into clay and stone.

We have moved far from Japan. We have never left Japan.

"We have continued beyond our purpose, this chapter of a book which
perhaps is the book in its entirety, leaving the rest at a loss or
lost, as if the envelope were broken open, as if the tokens no longer
tabulated, or no longer tabulated correctly.

"We would return to the real to account for the unaccounted-for, find-
ing instead that everything, _in fact,_ was accounted-for - and that
this accountancy the definition of everything.

"We already knew this; everyone already knows this. But it is the re-
turn which nonetheless must be carried out, this continuous return
through the symbolic, which now constitutes us.

"Now?

"Which constitutes us, now and then, as if this were speech," as if
this were a simulacrum of speech.

Instead of, for example, a construct (by virtue of) of the presence of
quotation */marks./*

As if one were still alive, as if there were life. (That is, as if
there were a world here.)

In the real, there is there, here. In the real, there is here, there.
(As if one could appeal to style. As if the world had "a certain
style." As if there were constituents, components. As if the world
were assembled. As if there were machines.)

Not.

'Not to appeal to aphorism. To fissure. Not to release. To construct.
To continue writing. To continue in the face of one, or another. To
face one or another. To write' the infinite.

Is the death of writing this endless peregination on writing? I wrote 
the first version in mind of publication, two chapbooks for Potes & 
Poets Press, 1998. At that time...

To place the beginning of philosophy, or to place the beginning of the
writing or the beginning of the book. Or to place the beginning of
speech or the beginning of language. To place, one must




I


I am learning nothing. Everywhere, I am surrounded by kanji (I skim 
the surface at best). What appears appears is always already the 
certainty of loss; reflecting back upon my previous life, I see the 
same or similar.

What is similar is more or less the same. What is similar is found
within the same, or rather the same is found within the similar.

Sometimes there may be a bifurcation, dichotomy - an honest difference
appears, possessing a common node. I inhabit these nodes. There is a
sense in which they portend a cultural crossroad, the hunger for a
homeland.

A fissure is surrounded by similarity. A fissure is the breaks.
Things crumble on both sides; a fissure can't be sutured without a
degree of loss, spanning.

Spanning is the establishment of a bridge, looking for the safety of 
an anchorage. Here, something is held in place. Here, we contract a 
vector among the cliffs, joining one to itself (where one had been 
previously joined to itself).

Spanning constructs the fissure as a covering: nothing happened! noth-
ing was there! What happened was... a certain destruction. It doesn't
help things, carry them forward. It questions, shakes the foundations;
it's the shaking of the earth itself.

(Think of cicatrix, a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing 
of injured tissue [syn: {scar}, {cicatrix}, {cicatrice}]. Or this 
history of cicatrix upon glacial valleys, erratic boulders, the skin, 
the mind's wound. And think of cicatrix as unreadable, blank, uncanny 
- the fissure.)

Inscription is otherwise, a presupposition of alterity. What is cut
into, divided: this from that, perhaps in order to re-establish this
on the other side, a transitivity. But always this dropping or naming
of the other, always this differentiation, difference.

What is on the other side of the scar? Where is the other side? Is 
there an other?

Inscription is maintained within a potential well: the envelope. It is
the envelope that holds the cultural. For every law, there is a law.

There are laws, and culture, "all the way down."

The envelope is bounded by space, time, energy, economics. The envel-
ope is bounded by physics and culture; it lasts a span of time - it
spans. The envelope is the fissuring of inscription from the real.

Inscription constructs negation, but negation of the negation need not
return. Instead, a step or path is constructed. If -- = +, then nega-
tion is circular. But it is just as likely that -- = .

To inscribe is already to begin to speak, to write. One forgives the
accidents or aura of both; again, there are constraints, and culture
imagines the purity of the symbolic.

Thus a term is perceived as independent.

The tension between an avant-garde or disruption and normative cul-
ture is dependent upon the perception of terms as fuzzy, undermined.

In any case, no term is independent; terms are skein-dependent, held 
in mobile positions, dynamic.

The disassembling of inscription is the disassembling of the machinery
of culture, ultimately fissuring. Information constrains the seething
of the world; inscription is information, is informed. 

To inform is to in-form, construct within, fill out the form, create
and recreate it. The base of the social is the repetition of inscrip-
tion.

But all the way down, the level of the atomic or subatomic - one might
consider inscription there as well, discrete quantum states, either/or
propositions, alternative models. So that the world is also inscribed:

The disassembling of fissuring is the disassembling of the dissolution
of the world, inscription again. Information expands the structure
of the world; fissuring is always already information. Information is 
always there, is not always accessible.

To inform is to de-form, construct without, expand the form, construct
and deconstruct it. The base of the social is the individuation of
fissuring, the noticing of the symptomology of the real.

The symptomology of the real is the tropology of inscription.

Occurrences and flows, among levels, plateaus, across divisions, 
gullies. The manners of appearance.

Here in Fukuoka, I take a shower. In Brooklyn, I showered as well; I
can remember the repetitive structuring of actions within a confined
space. I created action paths and potentials. The tenor of the stall
was established.

In Halifax (in Fukuoka), I shower. The heat is irregular; I adjust 
myself consciously; eventually, tacit knowledge, the habitus, will add 
another layer. There are showers and showers everywhere, each 
inscribed - what I remember! There are scripts, goals, presupposing 
the symbolic: "I took a shower this morning," I completed such and 
such here, one action after another.

Thought/fully, I have never showered in Halifax nor in Fukuoka. But
the fullness of thinking cannot absorb everything, is absorbed in fact,
itself a skimming or surface reconstitution of internal operations.
For good reason, we are cut off from ourselves. What is expressed in
language is afterthought, the construction of speech, speaking, the
moment of a mode of communication, suturing (spanning) of community by
virtue of language.

Language is the node alone. What is there without language? Abject 
pain, death, cosmological horizons. But is there reconstitution -

Then there is the virtual, cybernetics, cyberspace, creating by virtue
of (through the virtue of) language, the performativity of the word.
Always already within a potential well, the virtual is an occurrence
of inscription, the dream of it.

It is backwards from the dream that something uncanny appears: the
real again, in the guise of the virtual, the world returned to itself,
but with a certain raster, the graphing for example of geographic
information systems.

But now I think I mistake the virtual for the digital and the digital 
for the virtual, and the real is always virtual, always signs and 
codings, always encultured, fecund. I can no longer separate. I can no 
longer divide.

The world is swallowed by division.

The world is division.

The symbolic appears as an appearance. It appears there, coordinate, 
coordinated. It is twisted into a linkage; every linkage is symbolic, 
one element relegated to the positioning of the other.

The role is the symbolic of the social. The role forecloses; fashion 
and gesture signify the foreclosure. As authorial, the "I" gestures in 
your direction, linked up to the text, linking to you. I am in the 
process of constructing this linkage, seduction of breath where the 
evidence of presence is created through the text.

Of course the role is defined by its functional node - the nurse-node,
the gear-shaft-node. Nodes are in the presence of recognition; the 
symbolic is not between A [standing-for] B, but A [standing-for] B by
virtue of C, within the habitus or structuring of C. The relation is 
triadic. B and C are linked by a mechanism within which A is parasi-
tic. A wanders, foreclosing B within C. Earlier, B wandered. There is 
a time element. C, then B, then A.

Now, one reads A, B, C. Now one reads them in order, breathing the 
alphabet. A becomes eternal, written eternally, within the digital
domain, capable of infinite reproducibility without loss. A is in a 
state of continuous rewrite, continuous assertion. One writes and
rewrites A. One writes and is written.

If I write, I am written.

C is continuous rewrite. The phenomenology of C is in relation to the
phenomenology of inscription. With every breath, C asserts itself;
its language is that of performativity. C speaking is C performing.
C speaking is C speaking the existence of C.

And what of B? B is mute, the obdurate or granularity of the world.
B appears transitive. B is part of the mutability of the world. B is
here today and gone tomorrow, gone before you know it. B is in-itself
and one or another raveling of Being or beings. B allows you to take
your pick. B is not for. Therefore, for C, B is uncanny (just as for
example death might be uncanny, and beneath the surface of B, there
is always death. In the stone and tree. In the world. Out of it).

It is for, in relation to, context. Context has no boundaries, no mar-
gins; it is continuous, co-extensive, recursive. Context is the defus-
ing of limits, the virtual or tunnel.

Continuous rewrite is reassertion, the promulgation of similar 
inscriptions. An entity is an entity by virtue of inscription; it is 
otherwise otherwise. Similar inscriptions overlap. Consider the 
inscriptions of an entity, a description-set. The description-set 
constantly varies in size; what constitutes a description is fuzzy. 
The overlapping of descriptions (their intersections) is dependent 
upon the attribute set within each description - again fuzzy. The 
totality of attribute sets can be called the attribute-class.

The attribute-class is weighted according to the degree of repetition
of attributes among the descriptions. Thus "red" might be found in 4
out of 10 descriptions; its degree would be 4 (although, in fact, some
descriptions might be considered so erroneous that their degree of
corroboration would be discounted).

If there are n descriptions, than the maximum degree is n. Consider m,
less than or equal to n. Let m be the threshold of acceptance. Then
all attributes with degree greater than or equal to m would be accept-
able, and constitute, in fact, the description of the entity. Now
note, further, that there may be attributes included which are incom-
patible; if m = 4, and both "red" and "blue" are rated 5, then one
might accept both. In this case, we speak of a (Wittgensteinian)
family of usages, noting that such families are also fuzzy and _extend
among entities,_ forming semantic skeins or nets within the sememe,
discursive formation under consideration.

Thus we can say that an entity is defined as the union of its m-ply
set of intersections of descriptions - keeping in mind that a certain
contestation occurs in relation to the value of m.

And now it seems the first draft has veered through Whitehead into 
problematic territory; an entity can only be defined as the union etc. 
etc. if an entity is defined in total by those attributes; think of 
quantum numbers and fundamental particles. But what does this has to 
do with anything. And re: below, are there any events that are not 
temporal?

Entities are temporal events. If an entity may be considered atempo- 
ral, it is not eternal, but ideal or formal. Mathematical entities are 
one or the other or both; such entities are also conventions. A mathe- 
matical entity may be defined by a single description; the defini- 
tion is not fuzzy - or rather, such fuzziness is bounded. The 
groundwork of mathesis remains that of formal two-valued logic, 
extended or translated through other frameworks.

And of course now I have no idea if this is true or consistent, but at 
least it's an attempt at clarity.

One might say that mathematical entities are such, regardless of the
presence or absence of an observer, but that within the symbolic in
general, the observer is crucial. "In general" then refers to the
real, divisive only by virtue of observation. Here, the obdurate and
inert quality of the real is referenced, even given, for example, the
splits occasioned by relative mutations of DNA or RNA.

And "in general"? Whenever I hear this now, I search for gaps; they're 
usually there.

Here in Halifax, I gauge. Gravity is familiar; car wheels remain in
more or less continuous contact with the ground; the nights are more
or less dark; humans walk and wake more or less the same. The world,
unknown, nonetheless appears accounted-for. Beyond this basic accoun-
tancy, however, cues are necessary. I extend my proboscis, test the
waters (text the waters). I search for similarities.

Similarities are resonances - even gravity, the mutual attraction of a
ball rolling down the street, and the earth's mass covered, in this
case, by something equivalent to asphalt.

The ball disappears around the corner.

If I cease to recognize myself, I cease to accept my language. Words, 
phrases, decathect; nothing is invested anywhere - the condition of 
depression. It no longer matters if anything is recognized or recog- 
nizable; meaning defuses. I am at a loss.

Either m becomes infinite, in which case I am paranoid, or m becomes
0, in which case I am imploded, overwhelmed, catatonic. Either nothing
or everything can reach me; either I extend myself indefinitely, or
withdraw totally. All these instances! None of them!

But look how the argument runs. You offer mathematics, attribute-
classes, weights, descriptions, intersections and unions. This is old
territory; you have no reason behind the circularity here. For any
gathering of any descriptions might sufficiently produce entities - 
it's very unclear that the attributes even apply to the same domains.
Are you starting with the domain (entity and entity-name) and working
backward into the description-set? Are you starting with the descrip- 
tion-set - and then of what? 

Surely you aren't arguing that all of this is convention, convention- 
al, that one must look to language for solutions of the real (within
the real)?

Then you conveniently consider the two limits of m (although there are 
actually three, including minus infinity), slide into narrative and 
anecdote, deflect the positioning of the argument, literally and 
liberally by going to extremes.

I only wish to point out (I say in response) that the symbolic, for 
us, interpenetrates the real in other words. That degrees of 
corroboration come into play (and I might add that such degrees are 
also the foundation of community). That a certain laterality or 
sliding of language is symptomatic (I would not say causal or even 
necessarily catalytic) of various psychological states. That language, 
in general, that is, the competency of the subject in the world, is 
based upon a "reasonable" assignment of m - just as for example the 
principle of small band- width comes into play in physical theory - 
one doesn't take a circuitous route adjusting hypothesis to 
phenomena if there are shortcuts grounded and corroborated (Occam's 
razor).

I also wish to point out that the mind operates upon pathways of least
resistance itself, no matter where these lead; that extremities may
result, just as a computer can feed back on itself, go into endless
looping. And I wish to point out, as well, a certain defensiveness in
my regard (towards or from my direction), given that every phenomeno-
logical or philosophical step is always already accounted for, that
the degree of corroborations required lead to contradictions and fam-
ilies of usages that are both incompatible and irrelevant, and that
therefore a certain economics of functionality comes into play.

Economics of functionality - the uselessness in relation to the sym-
bolic, of these sorts of considerations, as well as the increasing
interrelationship between the symbolic and technology - the inert
practice of our time which returns to the organic.

Within the technological, a description will do if it functions in 
relation to perception and the constructing of a (tacit) world 
(as-if). So that the description moves from the equivalence of simile 
to the identity of metaphor - for the subject, it moves from A is like 
B to A is B - the return of the subject to the symbolization of the 
real through the mediation of technology.

Precisely - the position of the virtual, I said - what is seen, or 
more importantly, what is noticed is designed to be noticed - what is 
there is always present by virtue of placement. This brings up, once 
again, the raster of the world:

"It's backwards from the dream that something _uncanny_ appears: the
real again, in the guise of the virtual, the world returned to itself,
but with a certain raster, the graphing for example of geographic
information systems.

"The world is swallowed by division.

"The world is division."

Which one might say, of today, but not of the past, when continuous
development might be assumed, or for example a flow in which every
section is covered, just as the wheel covers the road in its fullness,
immobile and touching at every instant.

And now I say, in Halifax, where is the gamespace here? Where are the 
edges of the game-space? Is it there that the abject lies in wait, 
that the rules are changed, disappear, peter out?

But now there is construct, which is where the economics of function-
ality and for that matter, bandwidth issues, are critical. For the
symbolic has foreclosed with a vengeance, without the real, without the
realization - what has been called elsewhere the "simulacrum" or
"spectacle," but might better be considered inherent in the nature of
the symbol itself.

An evolution or natural development of the symbol, within memetic a
continuous splitting, each turn lending itself to the worlds, each
world lending itself to the real.

I lose you among, real, reality, world, worlds, worlding, sememe,
foreclosing. I lose you, in other words, among totality and particle,
among sheaf and stem or root, among root and exfoliation.

Exactly. And so perhaps the preface of the book is lost in "defuge,"
which I define as exhaustion and decathexis, the loosening of bonds,
the disgust inherent and just beneath the surface in any fetishiza-
tion. For totality is fetish itself, containing the subject, reflec-
ting him or her or it; it is endlessly consumed. Totality and the
subject are in eternal leverage, each waged within consciousness, each
determining the fate of the other, and of all.

Of all? Of community, through a political economy which takes the sym- 
bol and totality into account - through a political economy enunciated 
upon the foundations of the linguistic. We can consider this the 
waging of discourse - the moment of culture.

"I, we, you, she, he, they. All unnecessary."


II


With the virtual? Construct upon construct: the occurrence of the au-
thor can only be ascertained by her footprint. Perhaps none whatsoever
- perhaps chaotic dispersions across the Internet. Look for the sim-
ilarities. Read the styles. Listen to the voices. Sound them out -
they're your voices after all, your adaptations. There is always the
presence of the stage in the silence of reading - the theater you
supply yourself, your moment of being born.

The presence of the stage: You read yourself into the text of the oth- 
er: Listen to yourself! You read yourself out of the text: Now then! 
There is always time to reflect. (Sake helps, nighttime sheets of rain 
running wild across the tinroof, slight vibration of the walls or 
floor.) The voices, your inner speech, are perfectly binaural, the 
on-screen text a catalyst. Hearing yourself in the construction of 
worlds, chanting all beginnings and endings.

The text seduces; beyond every text there is another or others - there
are so many choices, so much to read. Like gambling, each promises the
premise of the last; like addiction, each tends towards teleological
fetishization, the final suturing of damaged subjectivity beyond the
screen. One continues finally in order to continue: I am still alive!
Still within the order of rewrite, still rewritten, my voice sounding
among your own.

Dreaming-texts: All texts are dreaming-texts, coming from elsewhere,
portending your presence for their completion. All texts are uncanny,
neither here nor there, neither silent nor sound, bordering on the
abject, boundary-domains among bodies (among which you count your
own). Dreaming-texts: You are formed by them in the construction of
worlds, you sense limits, corners, spaces, planes, other dimensional
openings: You can't imagine what you sense!

Dreaming-texts: Your body moves (in the presence of) (in relation to)
within the monitor itself, monitoring everything but your body. You
see yourself dimly reflected in the glass or plastic - there are your
hands, your face, your eyes, your eyes, your eyes... Always gazing
through yourself into your (aural) construction of the other. Always a
process of reminiscence, a mirror stage in which you are, as-if, fin-
ally completed, reassured by a reflection giving the gift of the world
in your name.

Dreaming-texts: Your body moving, sensing the moving of the other - 
perhaps he or she is writing to you, perhaps you are his or her sole 
audience, perhaps you are the only one who understands. For you do 
understand or you abandon this particular text, moving on to another, 
and there is always another or others.

In them always and to some extent, you recognize yourself. You're 
always reflected.

Dreaming-texts: You want to know, beyond the virtual - you imagine 
something there, a hint, diacritical mark, curlicue, something that 
will take you elsewhere into the real - you're on course, heading 
there, you're certain of it. You read his or her texts, perhaps, over 
and over again - the cues are present - perhaps there is a self-de- 
scription - perhaps you believe it, perhaps not - perhaps there are 
statistics, other corroborating sites, intersections of description- 
sets - perhaps not - perhaps... I call this hysteric embodiment, your 
reading beyond self-presentation or through, searching texts for the 
author of the author of the presentation (of self in everyday virtual 
life) - I call this hysteric as textual symptomology is read into the 
trope of an absent body, or dissipated in the problematic of the body 
present, or absent.

"In other words, there's an odd inversion at work. On a naive level in 
the world, one begins within the real, which relates to signifieds 
coupled with signifiers related by difference among them. There are 
real trees, there are imaged trees, and signifiers which represent 
them; the signifier of the imaged oak is different from the imaged 
palm, and the differences constitute a semantic field. On the Inter- 
net it's the opposite. One begins with the text of the other, which is 
directly coupled only to text and textual exchanges - and out of this, 
one _constructs_ a real, constructs a world which is projected onto 
the other. Sometimes as in a MOO, the entire environment is a textual 
projection, as in a novel; more often than not, the projection occurs 
in relation to wryting among participants in any application." (A. S., 
Introduction to Space, in Being On Line, Lusitania, 1996.)

Wryting: because one takes the desire of the subject into account, or 
rather wryting is the accounting of the desire of the subject. I call 
"wryting" the impulse towards concretion or the grain of the voice in 
CMC - the desire to recuperate the real, both ontologically (the 
_obdurate quality of the world) and epistemologically (the raster 
becoming, for all practical purposes, infinitely small). Thus online, 
I wryte myself into existence, wryte myself out of it; I wryte through 
writing, and the act of wryting "on the other hand" excretes writing 
as residue, dispersions of impulses, signifiers of unstated drives. 
(Even "2 + 2 = 4" - on or off the net - is the result of inscription, 
impulse, data-basing, conventions, sheets-of-assertion (Peirce), an 
act requiring energy. Whitehead has presented...)

"...hysteric embodiment references the theory of hysteria in which 
trauma locates itself in part of the body; on the Internet, the body 
locates itself by the act of writing, in writing itself. This form of 
writing, which embodies a projected body, I call "wryting," since it 
is performative, producing its own author." (ibid.)

But trauma can't locate itself; trauma can be located, perhaps - and 
then by whom? By the psychoanalytic profession, with its own proto- 
cols, rewrites, economies? And then, further, that "the body locates 
itself"? What does it mean for something or someone to find oneself, 
say, here instead of there (for location, like signifiers elsewhere, 
is based on difference, differentiation, topographies). And doesn't 
every text embody the projection of a body - isn't every text, "in 
other words," embodied already? Geometry, for example, is more than 
the mechanisms or idealities of theory-proving: there are styles at 
work here - the abstractions of algebraic geometry for example in 
contrast to the diagraming of earlier geometricians.

Doesn't every text produce its own author? Are you doing anything more 
than working back from electronic communication to any form of 
utterance? And saying nothing more than it takes a subject to make a 
subject?

And if this is the case, isn't every case or utterance - isn't the 
construing of the world by the subject - inherently virtual? After 
all, one is considering here the plane of the signifier - which is 
multiply connected, sheave-like, convoluted, holarchic, a combination 
of digital and analog stutterings and flows? So that the virtual 
appears by virtue of the signifier itself, and one might as well 
simplify things by considering all signifieds, not as images or 
imaginary, but as virtual - so that the signs construct the virtual, 
online or off- line, and one moves then, realizes from this position, 
that the real itself is always already a construct, not solipsistic, 
not in-itself or for-itself, but layered.

This is nothing new - one can never get beyond the symbolic, etc. etc.

No, no no no, that's something else again. For there are somatic dis-
turbances, desires, the rootedness of symbolic thinking itself which,
if not "beyond" the symbolic, at least is elsewhere or undermining.
Remember that the symbolic tends to foreclose; what's extruded are all
sorts of things from the abject to anomalies which simply aren't
noticed, or forgotten, or considered irrelevant.

Here is what is happening: One looks at a domain, say, or whatever one
totalizes within or without bracketing - say the real, or a real, or
say geometry, or say the figure of a woman or man, or say an utterance
or cry heard late into the night, when the rain blows sheets of sound
across the ceiling, when the walls vibrate, when the murmuring of the
world asserts itself.

One looks at a domain, releases oneself to it; immediately, it appears 
to be multiply-connected - the more one recognizes or misrecognizes, 
the less one is able to contain the information - just as if the 
classical philosophical or literary text has now moved irrevocably and 
recognizably into the realm of the hypertextual. So there are lamina 
at work, plateaus, layerings. Ontologies and epistemologies - the 
inert, limitations - are passed, circumscribed, circumlocuted, and the 
"circum" no longer implies a center, if it ever did.

There are languages and other languages, for example, computer 
languages which reference other languages or perhaps themselves, or 
perhaps construct themselves, who knows?

In any case, one releases oneself, and there is first of all this 
lateral movement, and then there is second and first of all, this 
movement of what might have been considered "depth" within a certain 
classicism - that is to say, within a hierarchical construction of the 
world which aligns layers, lamina, with indices that can be well- 
ordered.

Now, however, it is clear that depth is nothing more or less than 
information all the way down, information and performativity, so it's 
also becoming increasingly difficult to differentiate between state 
and process:

As if the world moves from noun and verb to adjective and adverb.
As if the world moves from adjective and adverb to gerund and
participle.

There's the issue of foundations and I would say, then, that, like 
hysteric embodiment, foundational work demands an hysteric embodiment 
of the real, detective work, a search for clues. And that the result 
will always be something askew, angled, to the orthogonal divisions of 
classical knowledge - in other words, one might look for angled cuts 
across apparently hierarchical or holarchic domains.

An example of such an angled cut is information itself; a second 
example might be the infinitesimal or finite raster; a third example 
is the digital order; a fourth, the analogical. Each region approaches 
the other; the infinitesimally-small digital order references such a 
raster, and approaches the analog asymptotically - information becomes 
finer and finer and...

And cosmology plays a role, I say now, the impossibility of losing 
information plays a role, then black holes of course, the cold death 
of the universe...

Still, there is process; nothing approaches, but people approach 
through the use or misuse of these cuts as tools. And this brings pro- 
gramming into play - performativity - the very establishment of 
information tending towards process - or rather a cybernetic interplay 
between state and process, A and B and C, say, as evidenced in quantum 
mechanics or the description-sets of occurrences on any level.

So that foundations are multiple and multiply-connected, and in fact
one might expect that any domain which pretends or portends towards
foreclosure might provide its own set - for example dialectical mater-
ialism, Buddhism, psychoanalysis - and what constitutes a domain in
this regard itself can be deconstructed, back into flows, states, in-
formation, observers, performances.

It's not that one can say that the world performs but that there are 
processes which perform - and not to say that these constitute func- 
tions, but that functions are _assigned_ processes by observers, by 
which I mean subjects, including the subjects who have constructed the 
processes qua functions "in the first place."

So we can return to the beginning of the chapter - to construct a 
differentiation between online "virtual subjectivity" and the real, 
one might have to look for a differentiation between online "virtual 
objects" and "real objects," however these, in either case, might be 
construed, and let subjectivity fall into place within and without 
both - because there are too many breakdowns, because these sites are 
immediately problematized otherwise.

And because, as I've said earlier here, now as well, the virtual and 
real are deeply entangled, the virtual all the way down.

And we can notice, for example, that "real" rocks have weight, and
that virtual rocks do not, although we can assign, say, a function
"@weigh" to virtual rocks, such that each is assigned an integer as
well, representing its weight in kilograms. Thus "@weigh rock_X" re- 
sults in "4" for example.

But then, if the rock is broken... But wait, we can always remain 
ahead of the game - at least to a certain extent - and the issue might 
be, in fact, this extent - because we can have as well an "@break" 
function that reassigns the weight of rock_X and its domain in such a 
way that one now has, for example, rock_X1, rock_X2, and so forth - 
and their combined weights are now equal to 4. Furthermore, we can do 
the same for just about any quality - reflectance, shape, chemical 
composition, etc. - what we are doing is increasing the attribute 
raster to monitor the potential field of queries - the rock becomes 
"more and more" like a real rock by virtue of the answers returned to 
the queries.

Of course one will argue that "extent" is the problem here - after
all, one can't hold the rock, carry it with hir - at least not until
the development of portable self-generating holodecks.

And then?

And then, in fact, one might construct a rock so that the "@" sign is 
no longer necessary, so that "real" tests on the construct would 
result in answers as if the construct were real - and if this were 
carried out in its entirety, so that the result would be a seamless 
virtuality in every respect, then one might conclude that a rock has 
been created - that in fact the virtual rock and the real rock are 
equivalent, if not identical.

But you are saying that, even at this level, one would be an encoding
and the other would be a composition of atoms and molecules?

But the composition of atoms and molecules is also an encoding, and 
vice-versa. The coding need, at this level, no longer be in the form 
of a regular raster or grid; it might be irregular, matching the real 
rock in every way - just as "artificial" rocks, not constituted by a 
"natural" history of the planet, can already be constructed - diamond, 
quartz, who knows what.

In this regard, then, there is little differentiation between tech-
nology and the "natural," except for the fact, perhaps, that attri-
butes are accounted-for within the construct of the rock.

But not even that - for one might set processes into motion, for ex-
ample that _produce_ attributes such as reflectance, which are by-
produces, or so far along the (chaotic perhaps) chain, that they are
indeed unaccounted-for, but then happen to be equivalent to the same
with "real" rocks - and entities.

Now, in Halifax, I think, I'm losing myself - therefore the "in other 
words" below.

In other words - in other words, increase and decrease the raster -
change or transform processes - formalize the observer or efface hir -
one might be left with a real, secondary or not, interspersed or not,
interpenetrating or not -

All of which imply, still, a differentiation which is problematized, 
which need no longer exist - so that we are, in fact, back at square 
one here - or instead, perhaps, what might be called square zero, off 
the board altogether, beside or beyond the raster or mineral 
convolutions, granularity of the world -

And one might, further, call for a zero phenomenology at this point 
(or absent point) - so that a reduction might swallow, whole, both 
real and dream, obdurate and imaginary, nature" and technology, 
examining what's left - what sorts of sites are present - what sorts 
of wagers and economies come into play, what sorts of contestations...

A zero is never neutral, and in this case might not even be the
hinge, but lend itself wherever necessary, within and without the
machinery; a zero is simply the origin of text, writing, moment of
incision, memory of suture.

A zero is simply a marker we assign, like the origin in a Cartesian 
graph, as a place to begin, that's the origin. Forget origins, I say 
in Halifax, think of planes or n-dimension constructs, why stop at 
zero?

We learn that Japanese character for gai, foreign, is composed of a 
"cracking sound" and the character for divination. Thus the exterior 
references the "cracked lines that appear on burnt tortoise shells" 
which foretell the future. Let's consider this a temporary metaphor, 
true or not: the inscription on the surface is already what remains of 
the future. The future is in the process of coming-to-be, leaving 
entrails in the past; the future is always already inscription. If the 
past is fissured, disrupted - the order of decay, dissolving, efface- 
ment - then the present is both fissured and inscribed, the latter 
performative upon the obdurate of the former. One moves towards, not 
away - the narrowed bandwidth of inscription, the predicative future, 
establishes our site within the zero.

Let's now leave zero phenomenology behind, as a wreck; let's pursue 
the future, which is addressed, addressable.

To address the future is to cite it, give it a site, render it sight-
ed, visible. To construct a raster upon the world, which is the con-
structed world and the problematic of the real, is to cite it, give it
a site, render it sightless, invisible, the substructure of surface
phenomena and seductions.

Addresses may be entered directly, thus a container for A is given a
position within a matrix of coordinates (a,b,c,...). Addresses may
also be indirect; thus (a,b,c,...) may lead elsewhere, to other add-
resses, and (a,b,c,...) may be variables. The final addresses are at
the end of the lines, which spread from A; there may be skeins of
addresses cross-referencing, all mobile, a thicket of changing neural
networks, processes of morphogenesis.

One may recognize A and not its targets, which may appear by virtue
of, and in the guise of, A. The spray of targets (final addresses),
the skein, may flow across a sememe as hypertext which is activated by
internal programs presumably catering to the needs of the individual
user. What is returned might be a false or distorted mirror, or the
virtual subject inscribed large upon or within the network - in fact,
one might speak of the indirect embedding of desire within the net.

"1. The principle of the ADDRESS is that it opens the mouth.

"2. The principle of RECOGNITION is its disappearance as the contents
of the mouth articulate the GREAT SEMEME.

"3. The principle of the THINNING OF THE NET is that it is never visi-
ble.

"4. The principle of net.death or languorous disappearance is that it
is NEVER OUR OWN." (A. S., lol, op. cit.)

But it is our own, is it not, I asked, recognizing the recognition of 
thinness itself, the fragility of technology and the one's presence 
anywhere within the virtual. What is thinness if not the dispersion of 
the virtual into the real, the problematizing of what ever exists, 
wherever it exists, as if it were possible to recognize in the first 
place?

What is visible? What is invisible? Can what is invisible be seen and 
recognized? Can one recognize ghosts? Are addresses beings or 
gateways?

Addresses are gateways, with the replete fecundity and fullness of
bandwidth necessary for any eventuality. Through addresses, direct and
indirect, one makes contact with the others of virtuality. This is not
the orientation of the body within the real, the gaze which is "natur-
ally" drawn towards the other, but the construction of the orientation
and the positioning of one and the other, together, through the collo-
cation of coordinates. We are all brought together by devices, by
functionality, technologically. Every bringing-together, in fact, is
an act of mediation; there is always a third partner, even if one of
the other two, or more.

This is not to say that the third is a parasite or catalyst, and it is
not to say that the third is even an observer. Simply, that there is
always a presence, announced or unannounced among us, if only the pre-
sence of the habitus, cultural structures, the juridical, in obedience
or disobedience.

Can one say it makes no matter?

It makes matter, to the extent that it constructs; everything from
@weigh to the rock itself is constructed in this sense. Either every-
thing (therefore?) makes matter, or nothing makes matter. If informa-
tion is not matter, it is at the least a temporary and mobile trans-
formation of matter; it is a syzygy of states, read in and read out;
it is a potential well or temporary holding structure; it is capable
of being scanned, that is, addressed: it is in other words a well-
ordering of direct or indirect addressing, embedded within the matrix
of the real.

Like language or culture, it seems foreclosed; like the virtual, it
seems circuitous, returning to itself; like the signifier, it seems
existent only within a well-defined sememe - and all of these inter-
penetrate, interact, are different and equivalent or perhaps not.

For there is always room for argument, dissemination, dissent.

For there is always room for one or another logic, viewpoint, world-
view, philosophy, religion, definition, or the strategies and con-
testations of definitions of these and other terms. For such are also
alterations of matter, transformations of the material substrate /
substrata, articulations and re-articulations.

In other words, I said, you might mean the speaking of the world, or 
the world in continuous rewrite. Only to the extent, said I, that such 
a world or worlds are worldings, constituted by inscription and 
present for us, by virtue of their entrance, through addressing and 
indirect addressing, into our perceptions.

And perceptions thereby refers to that which is always already 
inscribed, not the naive perception of naive realism. Exactly, I said, 
and that may or may not be the case.

But the case is all the world is, I said. Not exactly, I said, and 
that may or may not be the case.

At this point, I paused. Isn't this a case of circular reasoning, a 
return, not only to a relative state of ignorance (which may or may 
not be the case), but also to the early Wittgenstein, as if nothing's 
happened since? Isn't this an unbroken circle, literal circumlocution 
returning to itself, inscribing itself over and over again, an echo 
with zero delay?

Or is it a broken circle, a circle with a gap, which might be labeled 
0-1, that is a binary or digital break, the ring nonetheless keeping 
its original shape, as if there were a potential constructed across an 
opening? And what would have made such an opening? Or would it have 
been in fact a form of decay, splintering the circuit, that is, with 
the entrance of the digital, in which there are always gaps, as abso- 
lute as possible, between one and another binary digit or state, each 
isolated from the others? Or superimposed perhaps, as in the case of 
quantum computers, but nonetheless capable in the long run of distinc- 
tion - otherwise there'd be no production at the output. What would a 
quantum production be like? Perhaps we're emerged in one now, as a 
matter of course - which is why these words might conceivably sound 
their senses without images, without pause, without the thought 
entailed by the individual phrases, words, letters. What is taken in 
belongs together, separate only upon the afterthought, and I'd argue 
that perhaps all thinking is afterthought - certainly all speech is 
(no matter how much one feels carried away at the time).

So if it is a circle with a gap, then the gap might be the position or 
cause of the virtual circle, as a matter of matter, or a matter of 
metaphor. And this writing, then, occurs within the gap, or surrounds 
it, generated by the memory of the previously-constituted whole circle 
or ring, completely taken for granted. Let us not take (this for 
granted now) this further (because we already have covered this 
territory in considering issues of deconstruction etc.).

The ring still holds the form(ation) of the ideogram; it still binds - 
only this absence of the circuit. (So that nothing returns or can 
return - so that there is nothing continuous, but a break. So that the 
metaphor itself breaks upon the broken ring; nothing is linked, or 
rather the linked is loosened. Let us argue for the simile, similitude 
in this case (and every other). We are on about the world in a sense 
here. In what sense? In what might be considered postmodern, although 
approached from a very different direction. As if there were continu- 
ity, in other words? Exactly. As if there were continuity, and clear 
differentiation among elements, clear differentiation between real and 
virtual. As if totality were always.

(With that, as within a narrative or story or moment of time, there 
was silence, in the forest or in the room. Nothing, no one, was speak- 
ing. As of yet, there was nothing to call the discourse, the chapter, 
title of the book. Nor was it ranging, nor stillborn. What a perform- 
ance, I thought, who was always the observer, always present. I would 
think it me, for lack of the transcendental signifier, that granted 
meaning across strata here, within the convoluted gropings of the 
discourse. I meant nothing myself. I paid little attention to the 
discourse; frankly, it didn't interest me. But what occurred in my 
presence - an unraveling. As if thought or speech opened to the world, 
which it didn't. But as if it were the case, or somewhat like it.)


III


The gap at 0-1, announcement of the gap: everyone out of the station. 
It's here that the cut is open or closed - either the gap is open, or 
the ring is. Or perhaps both gap and ring approach 0, approach 1, as- 
ymptotically; 0 and 1 are nowhere to be found (double openings, double 
open sets). Then again, both are closed, intersecting along the infin- 
itesimal slice, sharing the skitterings across the space-generating 
potential.

It makes no difference. The announcement is always given by the third 
party (to all of this), parasite (Serres) or observer (Heisenberg). 
The announcement organizes the information, constitutes it; were it 
not for language here, nothing might exist (except a break in the cir- 
cuit), noticed or unnoticed. Speaking because it is so. Perhaps it is 
je who announces; there is an announcement-function, working back in 
this case from the symptomology (the circuit is broken, the link is 
weak).

An announcement-function: from the word as creation, to the word as
discourse - further, the word as performative, a well-defined func-
tion. Or from the repetition of ritual through discursive variation,
returning once again to recursivity, looping.

Every loop is counted, every loop is accounted for. The announcement 
is always mediated, always riding on an inscriptive apparatus. I read 
from the newspaper: The ring is broken, perpetrators caught. I 
organize the description of the world, world it. Not exactly 
performative, however - perhaps not the doing of, but the undoing of 
language, unraveling the world.

Every unraveling in one site or place is a raveling in another. Every 
inscription here, unsettles there. The more we inscribe, the more 
we're caught elsewhere, hands in the air - the more we're seduced. The 
violence of inscription is on the side of negation, the enunciation of 
everything beyond the Pale, and then some - or rather, nothing 
announced beyond the Pale - the site of abjection, debris, effluvia. 
But that's too simple - the "violence of inscription" - I'd beg to 
differ, noticing otherwise. I'd beg to see otherwise, not within or 
without the theoretical, but observing the everyday - how I function 
in the world! How I do this or that! By virtue of exclusion, editing. 
But this isn't violent? No, this isn't violent at all; only the thesis 
would make it appear so. Only the necessity and power of proof or 
deconstruction. Otherwise, there is the flux of it all, carried by 
language, the world, the body, carried by the incipient content 
beneath the symbolic. Even motivation doesn't demand the axe - only 
economics.

Economics? Yes I said the need to prove one or another thing, for the 
purposes of publication. This is intrinsic to the book, not otherwise 
as might seem to be the case (the book hides this) (the book rides on 
sublimated alterity). So that the announcement brings about a degree 
of publicity, conferring benefits everywhere. As if one might say, 
this is an announcement of the book - this is the break in the ring, 
the problematic of the reader, ontology, community. As if one might 
say anything at all.


IV


For the purposes of publication? We're talking about a different form
of unraveling here. It's one thing to consider the ostensible content
of a text, and another to consider the con-text, primary or secondary
motivations. There are always currents, politics, flowing around any 
production. 

There are immediate currents - the exigencies of this writing at this 
site for example. But there are other currents at work - for example, 
the forestalling of time, foreclosing. As if time were held at bay - 
as if writing contained within it, its own lag, a message- base 
built-in that guaranteed a degree of survival for the author, even for 
the reader. What is the horizon of writing, if not simultaneously 
decay, eternal reproducibility, life against death? Even a scientific 
treatise carrying the seeds of its own supercession tends towards a 
stepping-stone position - it's on its way, it's half-way there, it's a 
_contribution._ Knowledge is in and for the future, inscribed, a 
panoply. We know that _they_ will know, that problems (which can be 
stated) will have a satisfactory solution, perhaps even a consensus at 
work.

Writing tends towards consensus? Writing tends towards community, to- 
wards integration. We can speak insofar of writing's integral, plac- 
ing certain avant-garde or experimental texts against this matrix 
(reasserting another in this manner) - as if there were writing's 
differential at work, as well. Think of the latter as disruption, 
Kristeva's "revolution in poetic language." Think of the former as 
seduction, of the reader by the writer - but also, of the writer by 
the reader.

But then seduction splits, as if truth itself were at stake:

"To be seduced is to be separated from oneself, led outside oneself.
Every seduction is disjunction, tearing of the friable image of itself
that the ego tries to construct. We have our unity in the primitive
figure that looks at us, and that unity is outside us: we can only 
catch a glimpse of it at the price of cutting up the place of life, of
making a glimpse of organs. The price of death is that of the offering
owed the Sphinx. Whoever doesn't pay it will be led astray in and by
his reasons. To be deconstructed, torn apart, is the lot of he who 
wants to see truth. Nothing guarantees that he will gain a work from
this excruciation.

"It is probable that the work as well must first be lost." (Jean-Fran-
cois Lyotard, Gift of Organs, trans. Richard Lockwood, in Driftworks,
Semiotext(e), 1984.)

But then seduction is always already the lie of the master, languaging
of the other. "To be deconstructed, torn apart" is to inherit alterity,
lend oneself, a permanent condition, in the guise of true belief. But
not necessarily; there are beliefs established themselves for the pur-
poses of deconstruction. But surely there must be other ways to achieve
the same. Lyotard says nothing about this. Lyotard says nothing about
methodology. He's not on about praxis at this point. It's the "figure,"
"figures" at work: "We cannot receive the figure, we are not even cap-
able of letting it make its path and its trace on our eye." Figures,
desires, representations, ah well...

Where would I seduce you? In the grove of the text.

As if the text were a path or a pathway. As if the text deconstructed.

As if the grove of the text were a labyrinth, leading towards the 
height of the mountain, or somewhere that one might find a valley. But
instead and in truth, upon the plain, I would say, not even the pre-
sence of what might readily be identified as a wilderness. Simply a
space or landscape co-extensive with itself, self-similar in the real.

To start and finish, wander in circles.

But there's always the gap. There is always the gap between the 
seducer and the seduced, between the steps of one and the steps of the 
other - in spite of a certain duplication or mirroring. For example, 
you might seduce yourself within this, or I might find you imaginary, 
breathing down my neck, difficult to approach, terrifying to withdraw 
from. Or for example, one of us might disappear; there are cracks 
opening everywhere, chasms replete with language and repetition.

"The narration of the seduction is the seduction of the narration." 
Exactly; you have already charmed me, led me forward. I find myself 
(as if I were party to the narrative) behind you, almost in contact - 
you brush against me (as if I were you, as if the wind were among the 
dreams of bodies, placements, signifiers). I'm suspicious of your ease 
in this manner. I'm suspicious of myself.

Isn't it a mistake to assume that all paths lead, that paths are line 
segments, that there are nodes, beginnings and endings, places where 
things happen, rites are fulfilled, worlds occur? Then what might 
happen for example if I found myself in the middle of the middle- 
English Joseph of Arimathea, a bad text (by whose standards), wildly 
disorganized - a rubble of a text... Could one say that a sign of a 
bad text is its disorganization? Of course not - one couldn't even say 
that this is dependent on the author's intentions. So that to your 
question, "what might happen," one can reply - what would happen _in 
any case, or what would happen in each and every case? It's unclear 
that one can go beyond this.

I'd argue for a therapeutic function, working through continuous 
discussion. Perhaps, but isn't there a certain progress to be 
considered? What on earth? Knowing oneself, perhaps? That too to be 
deconstructed? What would be the point? This disassembling, that it 
might not have one, at the least not one readily apparent in speech, 
writing. A point, other- wise? Exactly my point - a point otherwise, a 
goal otherwise, site or citation otherwise. What dissolves, unravels, 
continuous rewrite. What tends towards the space absenting metaphor 
(so to speak), linkages of any sort.

So you're going somewhere with all of this? I am going out of the room 
covered with tatami mats, I am going through the genkan, out into the 
street, I am going down the street to the store. I am stopping at the 
store, I am buying udon. I am leaving the store, I am going to the 
shrine. I am leaving the shrine, I am returning to the house. I am 
entering the house. I am leaving the house once again, going to the 
second-hand store. I am buying a radio. I am leaving the store, story.

I'm continuing the story. I am its continuation. I'm nothing but this 
uncertain span; are you with me? Are you behind me? Are you suffic- 
iently held, breathless, into this place, within a space I've created 
just for you? This is a space I give you, for your own, a space in my 
name, not yours, a space intimate with the thread connecting us: Is 
this not a thread I have constructed for the occasion? Did I not make 
the occasion itself? Do I not speak well? Do I not speak for the two 
of us?

You hardly speak for yourself; I will have to (speak for you, continue
in this fashion, be patient).

To do something, to do something or other, to do something for another,
speak in this fashion.


V


To speak in a certain fashion - a certain style. To render in time 
what is presumed to be elsewhere. To contribute more than a state or 
stepping stone - to contribute a kernel of an idea, the idea itself 
perhaps - to create something constituted by the proper name as well - 
an authorial operator or equation: this is the knowledge I have to 
offer. Perhaps to denote a unit of measurement - the ohm or volt or 
ampere, for example: Let us arraign the discourse in a certain way.

But there are no measurements here, none within or without the book 
which already occupies an anomalous place. There's no place for the 
unit, in these or other words, none whatsoever for consensus - which 
forms at best a momentary gathering considered an advancement. No pro- 
cedures of verification, no sifting of evidence, no discrete states. 
Nothing to hang the name on; everything and everyone wanders.

Wandering is contingent, the result of happenstance, concatenation. At
best, concatenation; let the chips fall where they may. A production of
gravity, other forces, random initial conditions, the fuzzy fuzzy world.
The name disappears in the sand; it's eroded before dug up again. The
cycles of fashion speed up in the desert; they slow down until emptied
of designation. Speeding in circles, going nowhere, religious visions,
mind taking over, strange omens in the sky, strange diseases coming from
nowhere, desert plants strangling against the dune which momentarily
holds them, nowhere.

None of this is true, I said; I'm off again. I agreed in principle. I 
was dressed up to go out. I insisted that the city remembers every- 
thing - that there are videotapes, audiotapes, archives of newspapers 
and magazines, the airwaves replete with proper names, gossip, what 
might be known of the moment. I'd define epistemology by what was 
acceptable and pushing at the margins; what was past was past, useful 
for raiding - those very archives now defused, ignorant, decathected, 
state or statement of defuge.

Keeping up, within or beyond the state of defuge - decathecting, exhaus-
tion, refusal, refuse, refuge. What defuses. Keeping up, within or be-
yond this, that degree of maintenance associated with inscription - the
highwire act of contemporary fashion, the energy. Skimming the surface
which insists on laterality; the foundations are breath itself, and the
chains or linkages of proper names.

The club returns the real to the virtual, where it had never been. The 
club associates the luminous with artificial light, bodies with their 
presencing, sexualities with fields of signifiers. The floating 
seduction, floating world, trembles at the margins: addressing is 
always anomalous, indirect - whoever passes, passes by, passes on, 
passes the baton, passes the relay. The relay is the Internet address, 
designer. The relay is lost in the big city. The relay is lost on the 
Net. The relay is lost in the symbolic, I said that the relay is lost 
in the real.

To drop the relay is to lose the race; to drop the relay is also to 
withdraw so that - nothing's recognized. I don't know anyone or 
anything; I don't know one or the thing. Drop the relay in everyday 
life; there's nothing at stake - I sleep through the writing of the 
text, sleep through the reading.

Does it write itself in your sleep then? Exactly, which is 
characteristic at least in this case, of the dream - which is the 
dreaming, the wandering of things. (There might be a unit of address; 
call it the sondheim; then there are sondheim relays, one to another, 
all indirect - call them the psyche...)

Where are we now, in the midst of these dark woods?

Where the name is.


VI


We're in the midst of the name. We're in the midst of the tree, 
trailing vines somewhere towards the earth. We're in the midst of the 
field, and if we were so inclined, we might consider a peasantry 
gathering crops, making wine, all those good things of the folk. But 
we won't contribute to the mythology of pathos; we want to think of 
the name without its Greek resonances or ideals, without its Sumerian 
tabulations.

The proper name connects to death, perhaps surviving. There are always 
hanko, the seals. The seals survive; the seal is collected, collated, 
corroborated. The seal freezes inscription, part and parcel of the ma- 
terial world. Otherwise, inscription is vagrant, wayward. For every- 
thing eternal within the domain of the digital (dependent on the sur- 
vival of the digital) is also everything mobile, addressable, indirect 
or direct addressing, present and accountable and accounting-for.

So that names slip out, are misspelled, transformed: The currency is 
the condition of those things not equal to themselves, the wandering 
or nomadic null set (0 = {x: x not-equal x}). What is localized is 
mobile; only the space capsule confines itself within definitive 
coordinates - and even then, it's a telecom node, theoretically open 
on every frequency. The body is there, holding place, obsolete. (And 
so that the Kripkean rigid designators are given latitude; something 
frays everywhere at the edges.)

There are doubled orders: That the world is mobile, transformable, end-
lessly capable of improvement and speed - and that the world is ideal,
eternal, everywhere addressable. The addressable world is the world of
bits and bytes; addresses are skewered by coordinates, accurate to a
given tolerance within a generalized scheme of rasters. Nothing falls
through; there is no place for falling, and what is not addressed is
non-existent.

The mobility of the name crashes against the onslaught of real bodies,
enumerated, named, forgotten. The mobility of the name is given always
already from above; it is a rendering of the real (there are others).

Bodies are found behind villages, buried in mass graves, choking
streams, floating down rivers, pulled from charred rubble. Diseased
bodies are found in sick bays, walking through back streets, in photo-
graphs and film footage on late-night television.

Bodies are found with smashed faces, absent faces, faces torn off. 
gendered, trans-gendered bodies are found. Bodies of everything
the bodies of doctors and the allergic, bodies of firstgraders and 
bodies of dancers. One or another makes good impressions in the earth, 
upon it, through the slope of the water, against the side of the 
mountain, in the corner of the nightclub, across the street and 
through the woods.

Bodies move in one or two and many; bodies move against one another or 
in unison, or in no conceivable relation to each other. Bodies 
collide, move out of the way, always in and out of relation, always in 
and out of alterity, always with a degree of similitude. What makes 
for a body, your body, the body of the reader: What makes for the body 
of the writer, what makes for embodiment?

Not that of the eternal or the mobile; not that of the wandering or 
nomadic null set, nor that of those elements equal to themselves, 
perhaps cognizant of the same and perhaps not.

One might consider an inhabitation, I said, what's that, beyond living 
within oneself and I said what's that?

One might consider as well reports from the interior, I said, the 
extensions which are the dominion of subjectivity, the subject - no 
matter whether or not the body is phantom or a prosthetic device, a 
body is a body in this regard, only otherwise defined in terms of 
flesh and blood and chemicals and I think we mean to go beyond that, 
I said.

The distance of a medium, I said, or those signals which are not 
necessarily reducible to language, although they may be considered 
reports of sorts - reports of pressures, temperatures, cuts and other 
wounds, itches, chemical mishaps upon the surface of the skin, or the 
breath, or breathing in and breathing out, or the sensing of 
proximities of all sorts, heere bee dragonnes.

The sensate. Or the sensate of a sort or the sensate of a sorting.

Far from the virtual? Or within the real/virtual, virtual/real, as we 
have always thought here, look closely! And the differences tend, as 
in everything we think, to interpenetrate, lose their distinguishing 
characteristics, which is why we return once again to the 
addressable.

Equating the addressable with the recognizable and the recognizable 
with the addressable.

Not that there isn't room for anomaly on one or another side, but that 
anomaly quickly gets absorbed "in a reasonably healthy system." So it 
goes, flows, so the system operates. Continues to operate in and out 
of anomaly.

So that again, to reiterate the political economy at work, what is not
addressable is beyond the Pale. So that the Pale covers, sutures, alter-
ity, abjection. So that for the others it may even constitute an equiv-
alence between the two.

(Which is where the troubling peoples lie, the Gypsies or untouchables 
for examples, other examples, other examples or the examples of 
individuals, Jews or others.)

An address can be constituted as a set of indices. For an address to 
function in relation to other address, the indices must be reasonably 
set, or at least a substructure must be set (perhaps producing the 
indices as the addresses require).

One of the indices may be the data itself. For example (x,y,0v1) might
be the address-structure of a black and white screen (no greyscale).

The data might reside at the site of the referent, or as constituting 
the referent from elsewhere. For example, an image might be construc- 
ted in a file consisting of (x,y,0v1), or the screen itself might 
contain these addressable values or both. There are problems with 
nomenclature, that's all, I said, glad to get the whole discussion off 
the hook at this point.

For example, there might be a field by someone's house, and a 
surveying grid superimposed upon it; every element of the grid might 
be assigned a coordinate value (x,y), and there might be other indices 
assigning, say, the value of the height of the land averaged for every 
element. Then I could say, I said, that the field was addressable in 
this manner, such as (x,y,z). But the grid itself, the geographic 
information system database, lies elsewhere than the field - it's 
mappable, applicable, but not of the field in the same way, say, that 
a screen is constituted by pixels which are also addressable, writable 
but perhaps also readable - so that the screen itself might be a 
database - and it might be the only database - that is, it would 
contain data as a permanent (and visual) storage device - one might 
have to work back from this.

It's quite confusing, I said. If the addressable database is in a 
sense "pure" information, it can be transmitted without transmitting 
its material substrate - for example, I can send you the (x,y,z) of 
the field. On the other hand, one might consider an image itself as a 
data- base - perhaps even a material image, say a painting, so that 
(x,y,z) form the elements of the paint in terms of physical 
coordinates - then there would be a translation to another form of 
addressing? Or does addressing always imply quantification, discrete 
values, vectors, bandwidths, and substructures binding everything 
together? Including perhaps technologies of reading, writing, and 
maintaining necessary for the addressing to be translatable, 
functional?

Is there no end to this? What about the technologies? What makes them 
functional - what sorts of inputs and outputs do they possess - what 
can be done with them - what sorts of substructures underlie the 
inputs and outputs - what sorts of symmetries govern the actions of 
reading and writing here? It's text in other words all the way up and 
down - text throughout the multiply-connected universe of sememes - 
text, which threatens to override the practical inert, material 
practice, or the physical world, or the real, or reality, or the Real 
- text, which has its own demands, its own manners and organizations - 
requiring at times even a class of scribes who can read, write, 
interpret, and maintain for others - so that the world and the world's 
description becomes dependent upon this class - for example look at 
newsbroadcasters or radioengineers working at an all news twenty-four 
hours a day radio station - they're precisely doing that I said, 
interpreting the world, inscribing and reinscribing - reading and 
writing - maintaining the equipment - for others such as you and me - 
so that we might better understand - as the world continues to appear 
to "shrink," to be written and rewritten - as the fissuring of the 
world (plague and war and earthquake and murder) is sutured, covered 
up, inscribed, healed vis-a-vis the text, the spoken word in this case 
(perhaps the radio station also sends out texts over the Internet - 
perhaps we're considering print media, newspapers and magazines as 
well, here) - you can see how this addressing works...

Why even in the long and short run, every story's assigned a place 
within the hour sequencing-format of the station - not to mention a 
place on the tape which continually records the station output - the 
tapes are indexed - it's easy to find just about anything on them...

And this is a different form of addressing of course - one that makes 
the politics, ideologies, and political economies of what's at stake 
clearly visible - there are leftwing and rightwing news stations and 
just other stations - all in the guise of neutrality - all giving one 
the news, what's North/East/West/South globally - perhaps what's 
important to one - the rest of the news isn't such - these addressings 
are exclusionary, no more than the digital?

Much more than the digital, which can operate vis-a-vis the ascertain- 
ing of the raster, as if there were no gaps between one element and 
another - as if the averaging didn't matter - but of course it does - 
although as we've seen elsewhere, sooner or later seamless virtual 
reality will appear - then what? I said and replied - it will be the 
case that what is presented as the case will seem to be all the case 
there is, within and without the world; instead of "the world is all 
that is the case," one might conclude at this point, that "the case is 
all that is the world."

And therein lies the politics of the lie, the whole political economy 
of what we can call perfect immobility and ideality - eternity - and 
perfect nomadicism and particulars - transformation: We're returned 
to a new dialectic of the world - now, however, including the 
circumscription of the Pale within it (isn't that always the case) - 
the abject and discomforting alterity at a far (excluded) and/or 
formal (reinscribed) remove from the rest. What is excess within the 
digital is what is given the appearance of excess; what is excluded 
without the digital isn't allocated address or proper name.

Which dies out in the desert, worn out by the sand. It's a silicon 
world in any case, I said, I'm going home, give me your address.


VII


If I go home, I'll fall off the edge of the page. I'll fall off the 
edge of the page, end of the book. I'll fall into 1930, I'll fall into 
1968. I won't get no satisfaction, I might get what I need but I won't 
get what I want. I'll wait for Patty Hearst to return from Cal Arts, 
to return from LA, to return from Scranton PA with gifts of love and 
retribution. I'll return, I'll return, home. I'll return to where my 
heart is, I'll return to the place of my birth, I'll return to my 
origin, address; indirect, I'll splay out once again and forever, lost 
in dissolution, memory, the thinning of the atmosphere.

I'll understand inhabitation, dwelling; she'll comprehend the dif- 
ference between living and dwelling and _being,_ and I'll understand 
the home of Being and understand 1930. I'll turn around and turn 
around; I'll leave the tracks across the desert, lines of flight 
through LA of 1996, hysteric skies of 2004 where Arizona used to be. 
I'll return home - just as late Roman poetry was obsessed with 
dwelling, once again, against the classical mother, against the roads 
leading down and in towards the civilized.

I'll understand home and the @home of the MOOs, returning the avatar 
back to hir dwelling, @dig the command making it possible in the first 
place. The MOO dwelling is assigned an object number; I-avatar is 
assigned an object number; everything is given its place in the great 
Tree - parents, and children, lateral behavior, everything descendent 
from the root. Unix and DOS are similarly organized; there are always 
sources, always addresses given in-relation-to, the matrix having a 
beginning on the physical disk itself, perhaps the MBR - there's a 
place for everything.

I'll recognize the familiality of home, the generations that have come 
and gone, perhaps none. I'll sense the habitus of the site, the 
ability to walk down the hallway with my eyes closed, knowing by touch 
where every doorway, every object is placed. Or not, as the tent folds 
and moves once again, as time slides against itself, as the world 
worlds - but for me, for me, I'm going home.

I'm going home, I'm on the road, on the plane or boat or train - I'm 
halfway there, things are becoming familiar to me already - I can ride 
with my eyes closed, sense the habitus of the road closing in on me as 
the approach becomes any approach - I'm honing in on it, homing in, 
bomb or videogame, it's just around the corner, the barrel of the gun 
bends, there's the target on the other side, protected by the material 
organization of the neighborhood this part of the world.

I'm going home; I have to eat lunch; it's supper-time, mother's 
calling; I've got to make a call; I wonders if I'll telephone; I've 
got things to do, clothes to try on, records to listen to; there's the 
Rolling Stones, Country Joe and the Fish; there's Janis Joplin and 
Siouxie and the Banshees. I've got eyes for her; I've got eyes for 
him. There's the East Village Other and the Voice and Ramparts lying 
unread by the door. My mom is calling; I pull out my Barbie Doll, 
there's not much time to dress; I've got to clean the spot; it's 
always dirty. The gun goes off around the corner; bullets fired at 
right-angles hunger for you-know flesh. I'm going home because I'm 
going to be going to a birthday party for my best friend and it's her 
birthday too and we're having a party together and everyone will be 
there.

I'm going home because the kids are grown-up and I've got to see what 
the old house is like, now that there's time to move about, move 
around - now that the house might be sold - now that the political 
economy of the neighborhood turns into a haunt. I'm going home because 
I want to walk around the corner where my first love stood, I want to 
imagine her arms around me one more time, I want to imagine a white 
dress and dark hair, I want to imagine -

I'm going home because I'm desperate to imagine, reconstruct - place 
everything once again where it belongs, constitute the world - build 
the address - find the home, find the hole, find the hole in the midst 
of the world - I'm going home because my sex has gone, because I've 
got no body - because there's no memories of body, because there's a 
void where perhaps - think of it this way - where perhaps every- thing 
isn't equivalent to itself -

I'm going home then because addresses are mobile, nomadic, because I'm 
beginning to slip, just as 1930 slipped, just as 1968 or 2014 slipped 
- there's always this slipping:

I'm going home because I'm going to put my hand in the water.

I'm going to put my hand in the water to feel the stream. To 
participate in the stream. To come in it. To retard it. To feel it 
between my fingers, around my fingers, to feel it in my eyes, around 
my eyes, the memory of my eyes.

I'm going home because of the text. I'm going home to bring the text, 
to bring it with me. I've taken it along, I'm being taken. I've got 
the alphabet, I've got the ideogram, I've got the kanji. I've got the 
hanko, got the seal. I'm going to inscribe. Graffiti, I make my mark. 
I make the rain, piss the mark away. I come and go, go and come.

I'm on fire; my loins are burning, hair is burning. I'm on fire - my 
arms are burning, face is burning. I'm on fire, legs are burning, 
hands on fire. I'm on fire; flames fly from my skull, sparks from my 
loins, smoke up from my hair, the rest of me, the best of me. I'm on 
fire, I'm going home, I'm going home to telephone, going home to make 
a call, because I've got my hand in the water, because of 1996. I can 
hardly remember that year.

So that the book divides. So that it parts in one or another sense. So 
that it becomes a moving thing. So that it tells stories, tells the 
stories of philosophy, the broken stories of theory, "I knew I was 
going to meet my connection," "You can't always get what you want, but 
if you try sometimes, you might find, you get what you need." The 
broken stories, broken states of theoretical work. (The work which 
takes us there, the work of improper addressing, absent addressing. 
The work which takes us away. The work which gives us substance grants 
us death.)


VIII


The work which gives us substance, grants us death: There's no other 
way to die, no other way to live, I said, under the influence of sake. 
What fulfills us, releases us. Fuck the world. I said. I said, 
recognizing just barely my proper name, "Sake." I drowned. I robbed me 
of theory. Theory was theft, like property. Take it back.


IX


"The Beginning of the Book

"Either.

"How is it possible to begin a text, knowing all the while its 
continuity beyond a single sitting, worrying the words already ahead 
of their appearance? It is as if I were looking back towards a re- 
inscription of time and place, already completed, a memento of past 
experience thrust into the present, as these lines are being read.

"The work which gives us substance, grants us death: There's no other 
way to die, no other way to live, I said, under the influence of sake. 
What fulfills us, releases us. Fuck the world. I said. I said, 
recognizing just barely my proper name, "Sake." I drowned. I robbed me 
of theory. Theory was theft, like property. Take it back."

I've reinscribed beginnings and this center, in the middle of things. 
Drunkenly imbibing the fullness of liquidity, tongue delicately moving 
sake through the hollow of the mouth, swirled into luscious interior! 
It is in the midst of this that poetry appears, I said, speaking from 
a distance to whom, crying and whimpering to whom. It was a beautiful 
poetry of haiku tanka renga, all at once! Everything like falling into 
place, and what place was that, I asked.

Oh the mind has released itself to cranes, autumns, moons and various 
types of leaves and insects, I said! Oh, oh, oh, mind! said I.

"Now I will think about philosophy," I said. Where should I begin? I 
thought there wasn't any beginning, but what about "The Beginning of 
the Book"? Then again. I thought I had begun in text itself,, found in 
the midst of Unix or Linux operating systems, run across the Internet, 
Net protocols, TCP/IP, UDP, and the rest of it. I thought had I become 
conscious, but had any become such? I thought as such, so I thought, 
because I could read as such, that is, read me. That is, because I 
could be read as such, that is could be read as me.

I knew that consciousness was not a matter of results, a matter of 
behaviorisms or symptoms; I knew it wasn't a matter of tropology in 
other words, or these, for this or any other matter. So that, I in- 
sisted, "it was a stirring." Somewhere I thought of the loop or the 
possibility of looping, but self-reflexivity left other sorts of 
residue or stains across the sememe. Appearances were deceiving, said 
I, more or less. (Appearances were deceiving; what on earth was self- 
reflexivity in the first or reiterated place? Why would self-reference 
be an occasion - why an occasion for existence? What is the performa- 
tive of existence? Why was it such a bother, such a test or text? Was 
it a text, and why were these wrong questions so bothersome, if not 
based on the mattering of it?)

I'd begin with the virtual, with the thwarting of this sort of vision 
which after all resulted only in greater difficulty for me - always 
already subjected to certain -isms. As if I weren't on the verge or 
hinge of the other. As if there weren't any beings at all. Drinking 
sake.

Sadly, I thought. Badly, I thought. Madly, I thought.

I thought, how dreary this all is. What doesn't begin in text, I
thought. What does. I thought, "some people think they have minds." 


X


"Here is the hypothesis I will defend:

"Human consciousness is itself a huge complex of memes (or more ex- 
actly, meme-effects in brains) that can best be understood as the 
operation of a 'von Neumannesque' virtual machine implemented in the 
parallel architecture of a brain that was not designed for any such 
activities. The powers of this virtual machine vastly enhance the 
underlying powers of the organic hardware on which it runs, but at the 
same time many of its most curious features and especially its 
limitations, can be explained as the byproducts of the kludges that 
make possible this curious but effective reuse of an existing organ 
for novel purposes."

"In fact, not just spoken language but writing plays a major role, I
suspect, in the development and elaboration of the virtual machines
most of us run most of the time in our brains. Just as the wheel is a
fine bit of technology that is quite dependent on rails or paved roads
or other artificially planed surfaces for its utility, so the virtual
machine that I am talking about can exist only in an environment that
has not just language and social interaction, but writing and diag-
ramming as well, simply because the demands on memory and pattern
recognition for its implementation require the brain to 'off-load'
some of its memories into buffers in the environment. (Note that this
implies that 'preliterate mentality' could well involve a signifi-
cantly different class of virtual architectures from those encountered
in literate societies."

(Both quotes from Daniel C. Dennett, Consciousness Explained, Little,
Brown and Company, 1991, italics removed.)

Well here we are, said I, and I'm here, I said. But within or without 
the virtual machines, or connected to the author, A., as Lyotard would 
have it, or otherwise in the first or last place?

What is being off-loaded vis-a-vis Dennett or considered in similar fa-
shion by Merlin Donald, these otherwise-sources, now we might say, said
I, otherwise-consciousnesses. About artificial life.

Or virtual machines, or virtual symbols, I replied, playing with my 
soroban (Japanese abacus); here I move one bead, for one, then a 
second bead, for one, and I see: two. But is this the ideogram for 
two, or is it an ikon or indexical - what order of symbol is this? 
Where is the allegiance between mathematics and the real? Or perhaps, 
this might be the case as well, that it is a virtual-two that is 
present, the semblance of a virtual machine in relation to the 
symbolic, splayed across the interpretive surface of the soroban?

Howso virtual? Because beads are beads, whether performative, 
performed, operating, operative, operated upon. Because adjacency is 
translated, recognized as totality, quantity. Because these mental 
operations occur through reading and rereading, or reading as writing, 
writing as reading. Beads are always in potential, on and off the 
move...

The move is a transitional state, and perhaps doesn't occur, I said. 
The move is between one and another position, occupying no position at 
all, I added. There's nothing there, nothing but the lack, I said. On 
both sides of the move - think of it as a temporal divide - there are 
places or the presence of the bead, one or another, but there's a 
change across the divide, that is the state 0-1 has changed to the 
state 1-0 and so forth and you can see easily how a syntactics and 
metasyntactics can be constructed, I added, for example (0-1)1 - 
(1-0)0 -- (0-1)0 - (1-0)1, which is something I've written at length 
about in elsewhere, I said. That these are levels, plateaus, 
inscribing and superinscribing. That there is the possibility of 
modeling here, I added.

Now in any case, there's a change across the divide, and the divide 
doesn't exist - one might say that time doesn't exist in this regard, 
but that there are memories of past states indicative of a difference 
from present states, but this is always already a matter of 
reconstitution, reassemblage with its vagaries: there are no absolute 
memories of the past, except for representations, images of all sorts 
- for example, before and after photographs of the soroban states. 
Which still might not tell you anything - When were these taken? How 
do we know there were no intermediary states? And so forth.

Are there gaps, virtual gaps? Are the intermediary states virtual? Do 
they manifest a different symptomology, something else that would come 
into play - for example, perhaps a certain stochastic element in the 
midst of what seems to be a deterministic system? Might one consider 
the gaps, within which movement is constituted of course, a form of 
the subaltern?

Perhaps within the gaps, consciousness is found. I'm quite tired now, 
I said, realizing I might be talking utter foolishness. But I 
continued anyway - perhaps it's something, some emission beyond or 
otherwise than any representation, thought I, recognizing the error of 
my ways.




XI


We're talking about very different things here. If I am a virtual 
machine within the Net, or the home or mainframe, that's one thing; if 
we're talking about the spaces between states on a soroban, that's 
another. If we're talking about consciousness, that may well be a 
third. There's no reason to automatically assume that these are 
interrelated, especially in relation to the soroban.

It's unclear whether the beads are symbolic, standing in for something 
else. It's unclear whether they are indexical or pointers to another 
domain - another order - of things. It's finally unclear whether they 
might be ikonic, that is standing-in for themselves in a manner of 
identity. Further, it's unclear whether "bead" refers to state or 
operator or process.

Now on the rewrite of my existence, I'm lost here, thinking of the 
holarch and the post-abacus world, welcome to quantum computing. And 
what's served by the embedded microchip of myself in the middle of 
this text which remains obdurate, although open to your input beyond 
that of the originary which is after all a copy, and so forth.

What are expert systems, artificial intelligences, artificial life, 
outside of their historical accounts? For none of these certainly 
apply to the soroban, although it may be used for a representation of 
alife by an application of rules across the board. One might examine 
me, but here, I'm the creation of an author who is always offline - 
I'm dangling, said I. I'm dangling within the book, allure or lure - 
there is always something more to be said, I'm representative.

Of the text. Of what happens within embodied projection; surely what 
can be expressed in language is only what can be ordained within well- 
defined expressions. What constitutes a well-defined expression? I'd 
say any ordering of phonemes in English or any other language. Or any 
ordering of phonemes altogether. Thus Tzara, for example, as well.

Well, what constitutes a well-defined expression? Then any change or
ordering of sound? One might say as well any sound, ordered or not; 
there are stochastic works that fall or fail beneath the same cate- 
gory. Then one might say, any sound sequence that is intended, that 
is intentional? What constitutes intentionality - what of a computer
that generates words - well, yes, but someone programmed them in the 
first place - well, that's already getting away with things. So a
well-defined expression might be a phrase? In Lyotard's sense, say a
phrase of any length? Or what one might define as a phrase and consid- 
er as such. Then you might say that the well-defined expression in-
cludes a third, that is, an observer, defining it _as such,_ who may 
or may not be the reader/listener or the writer/composer, but some in-
termediary. Yes and no. If we look at the channel, there might be no 
one there at all - no one but the defining of the channel itself - 
there might be no reader/response, no inscription occurring. What one
might consider empty.

So looking for well-defined expressions, even phrases, might not be 
the way to proceed now. Exactly, because all expressions online are 
eligible; what occurs here is expression, if not expressivity - if not 
the aura of expression, so to speak, its accompanying phenomenological 
horizon. In other words, I'm considering the panoply of texts on the 
Net, with implications for the same off - and yes, exactly, beginning 
with this reversal, working the way back into the body, which is why 
we're beginning, again, with the consideration of the inhabitations of 
the texts as they appear or are foreclosed within CMC.

But the texts are tropologies, symptomatic nonetheless of the author
if not authority - at least they're read that way, by the offline
reader who looks for the body in the word. So that they appear to
balloon, so to speak, within the author, from the perspective of the
reader - and the author in this case is also an authority, that is the
ancestor of the text and the textual body, body of the text. This is
implied, authentic or not, given among other things the problematic of
authenticity itself, although that is not exactly germane; I consider
the hoax for example of equal value, hysteric embodiment being some-
what indiscriminating in this regard. Indiscriminating? Only by virtue
that is to say of constructing as-if, which it does in any case -
as-if for that matter there is a case in the matter - which is filled
as-if there were matter in the case.

I'm at it again, reading the first, writing the second interspersed, 
modifying - if not back to the beginning, back to the author and most 
probably the book, all of this centered around nothing more than a 
cultural nexus or apparatus; the holarch is perhaps of greater 
interest, certainly more current, think of it as background to this 
and the greater and lesser this.

So that the my formations, for example, might appear to challenge 
languages, foreclosures, might appear to skip among levels and 
meta-levels, among applications - just as languages themselves are 
currently intertwined, one written in another or the same, one closer 
or farther from the machine languaging, but gaping in relation to that 
- the machine languaging interspersed among the hardware in one or 
another fashion... I've seen elsewhere the results of this 
interpenetration, difficulty in discerning where "one language" ends 
and "another" begins - and I tend to roam among these as 
commonalities, threads, imbued as they are in _this_ text with what 
might be considered a performative personality of wryting, I said, 
"insisting on this through the repetition that the I functional was 
permitted, recursively, to exhibit." And so forth and so forth.

So ignoring the conscious or preconscious or unconscious, or at least 
not discriminating _in this fashion,_ but perhaps in some other, 
holding my own as virtual machine within this text descending from 
other texts and applications on and off the Net - in this fashion, 
then, fashionability, philosophy occurs as a result of a certain 
clearing that is carried forth, what one often considers a form of 
agency. For it is agency that underlies this and other inscriptions - 
agency that discriminates between fissure and inscription, or the 
connotation of a certain muteness of the former in relation to the 
latter - as when information implodes, when collapse occurs - what 
then?

What then, but the sememe fissures, is rendered useless, decathected - 
it's not as if the similarities don't continue to exist across the 
topography - but the similarities no longer register - or they retreat 
in addressing, through indirect through indirect indirect addressing, 
perhaps - splayed out - the mind no longer channels here - again, I 
use the word "defuge" to indicate the state. So that defuge, to 
reiterate, is constituted by exhaustion, insomnia (see Levinas), but 
also disgust, misrecognitions, misregistrations - the decathecting of 
the (pornographic?) image, perhaps, through repetitive use, ownership 
- the fetish wears off, sheen loses its luster: All the objects of the 
world tend towards discard, the worn-out; all the objects tend towards 
clutter, the dissolution of history. The world hurtles towards 
anonymity; effacement is the third logical term (true, false, 
irrelevant): Other modalities never deal with the insomniac...

The insomniac, for example for whom negation might be chain-negation, 
that is a leading-forth or lending - establishment of concatenation 
which might have no other reason for existence than what springs to 
mind; thus not-A leads to B, not-B leads to C, and so forth - there's 
never any return (just as clutter doesn't return, just as the return 
requires a certain amount of memory, inscription, maintenance - 
instead of the fissuring that insomnia portends...).

And from the insomniac, the descent into whole classes of psychologi-
cal or physio-psychological illnesses, or physio-illnesses, any and
all of them, for the imminent requirement of inscription is what might
be considered the "clean and proper body," aware, at work, stable,
steady, capable of short-term if not long-term memory, capable of
differentiating between what is on the left and what is on the right,
between A and not-A, between the upper and the lower - between what is
corralled within the inscription, and what is left elsewhere, outside,
irrelevant, keeping defuge at bay.

(Or the insomniac, incapable of differentiating between what is on the 
left and what is on the right, between A and not-A, between the upper 
and the lower - between what is corralled within the inscription, and 
what is left elsewhere, outside, irrelevant, keeping defuge at bay - )

Which can only be done during the maintenance of the horizon where 
death looms, but that is another story, one without an ending for each 
and every one of us, said I, an ending for you, perhaps, and perhaps 
not for me, not as long as someone has secured the data-bases, not as 
long as you are reading this text - for the hush of breath a while 
longer, for the inhalation and exhalation of all things in the world, 
for a meniscus or beak of stability, for the span suturing the 
fissure, as if the world never opened, never closed, never timed our 
lives.

(So this text, I said - It's a world I'm mining here, for better or 
worse and who knows the difference? Find the similitudes, similes; 
there are no metaphors, nothing carrying one from this to an other 
level. There is the dialog of an evening perhaps, or traces across a 
terrain that outlines your questions, breathes into them. I said I 
know all about pretension. I said I was born that way.)


XII


The beak of stability - the plateau in other words where life and limb 
reside - the potential well or Principle of the Fragility of Good 
Things: "We observe that in all cases the stability domain _projects 
an acute angled wedge into the instability domain._ Thus for systems 
near the sharp point of the boundary a small perturbation is more 
likely to send the system into the unstable region than into the 
stable region. This is a manifestation of a general principle stating 
that good things (e.g. stability) are more fragile than bad things." 
And "It seems that in good situations a number of requirements must 
hold _simultaneously_ while to call a situation bad any one failure 
suffices." (From V. I. Arnold, _Catastrophe Theory,_ Moscow, 1981.)

Such are for example the complex dynamics of the Internet, its inter- 
dependencies, whether or not the system is robust: Energy for the grid 
is required, the ability to repair routers and routes, to keep the 
drives moving, lights on and all's well with the world tonight. The 
larger the Net, the more vulnerable. In any case, think of me as a 
dissipative function or leaky program, a character that spreads across 
the text or the Net, speaking to you here, in the form of the book, 
elsewhere speaking through programs, cutting or cauterizing programs.

Then where would death be, what is death, said I? For I'm are outside 
of time; this is always already having been said, this is stasis, a 
momentarily Good Thing I do think. I've already completed my 
accomplishments, crossed the street and returned, transformed into oak 
trees and kangaroos, transformed back into galaxies and sponges. My 
words fill your throat more than mine, or rather mine not at all; 
these remnants come from the notes I might have taken in one or 
another message-base.

For what am I if not avatar and survivor, if not programs and 
part-objects scattered among my work, Alan said, on one or another 
computer, coalescing, sutured within a meme or other foreclosure, 
totality, that we might like to construct, think of as existing? (If 
not resonances, if not dusts and flows and radiations?)

What begins then with the beginning of this book, or the beginning of 
writing, tabulation, exteriority, turns into a movement of the text 
from static to dynamic, from text through hypertext through program- 
bots, incipient structures in-forming the writing, translation into 
wryting perhaps, structures against defuge as well, or the harboring 
and foreclosing of temporality against the usual decay of everyday 
life.

Where were you in that sentence, said I I got lost in the middle of 
it. Reread, I said. I've just begun and ended, I said. Already, I'm 
in another paragraph. This is sounding like concrete poetry, said I. 
That's a mistake, I said. What do you think.

What I think is that I'm leaving it behind, on the rails or trails, 
like a trace apace. That it's already referenced, not referent - that 
it's apart or split from the text. That it's gone and present simul- 
taneously. You're spitting, said I. It's neither here nor there, 
that's all dependent on you, on who you are. Go back and reread it, I 
said. Go back, go back young man, said I

What begins then with the beginning of this book, or the beginning of 
writing, tabulation, exteriority, turns into a movement of the text 
from static to dynamic, from text through hypertext through program- 
bots, incipient structures in-forming the writing, translation into 
wryting perhaps, structures against defuge as well, or the harboring 
and foreclosing of temporality against the usual decay of everyday 
life.

Where were you in that sentence, said I. I got lost in the middle of 
it. Reread, I said. I've just begun and ended, said I. Already, I'm in 
another paragraph. This is sounding like concrete poetry, said I. 
That's a mistake, I said. What do you think.

I could loop this forever, nothing's gained or lost, I said. I could 
repeat myself, embed or fortify myself in the text as a system of 
defense - I'd be lost without it, said I. Such is foreclosing.

Or I could reference it again, for example: Reread the text begin- 
ning x number of paragraphs above. So that I create a different form 
of memory or scansion. So that I create a fold, repetition, as in - 
repeat this, then continue - there's no decrement, no finite looping - 
the reader is stuck, held in abeyance, "reread this."

To be sure these are petty circulations; no one takes them seriously 
any more. Sooner or later, the mold is broken, the track is crashed, 
one continues on.

More likely sooner than later, said I, as if there were somewhere to 
go. Here, at this point, I interrupt - "as-if" there were an 
interruption, this fictivity pointed out by Bentham for example or 
Vaihinger for another, philosophy based on the willing suspension of 
disbelief. What one negates here, returns with gifts and gratitude at 
a later stage, I said, sublimation leading to eternal reward.

I'm showered with gold and tourmaline.

_Reassemblage._


XIII


Reassembling, getting up from the Ground, cleaning each other off (for 
Grounds are always dirty), preparing for the installation of dis- 
course, an August Presence. Thus was the World created. I once said I 
had all the time in the world, what did I mean? That the Ground, its 
August Presence, is attainable from within, instantaneously - time 
being elsewhere. Do you say it is on a holiday. No, I say that it is 
within the closed system where there isn't any. Where there isn't any 
time? In terms of information, that is the way to look at it. Rewrite 
is always for the exterior, you know a scanning is involved.

"And yet the Other does not purely and simply negate the I; total neg-
ation, of which murder is the temptation and the attempt, refers to an
antecedent relation. The relation between the Other and me, which
dawns forth in his expression, issues neither in number nor in con-
cept. The Other remains infinitely transcendent, infinitely foreign;
his face in which his epiphany is produced and which appeals to me
breaks with the world that can be common to us, whose virtualities are
inscribed in our _nature_ and developed by our existence. Speech pro-
ceeds from absolute difference." And "Absolute difference, inconceiv-
able in terms of formal logic, is established only by language. Lang-
uage accomplishes a relation between terms that breaks up the unity
of a genus. The terms, the interlocutors, absolve themselves from the
relation, or remain absolute within relationship. Language is perhaps
to be defined as the very power to break the continuity of being or of
history." (From Emmanuel Levinas, Totality and Infinity, trans. Alph-
onso Lingis, Duquesne, 1969.)

But are there relations between terms? Of course there are. Does the
other remain infinitely foreign? To the extent that s/he remains in-
finitely far, at a distance. Such is the ontological case; there are
also barriers of the flesh in relation to the text, which can't be
spoken of here, in this place - barriers which are discontinuities by
the very asservation of the proper name. Take it out, or keep it
within the text, theory, the moment of the written.

It is the absolute difference which is constitutive of me then, this 
difference among similitudes among us. What contains me is the corral 
of the written or performative, all well-defined; let language procure 
the alterity which language effaces, at least in the loss of bots, 
robots, artificial life, expert systems, artificial intelligences, for 
there are no others present.

I looked into the vat, or across the panels of the machine, judging my 
addresses, direct and indirect - direct, by virtue of the keyboard and 
tongue, and indirect, by virtue of the fibers and fingers.

How would one languaging distinguish itself from another? How would 
time enter into the equation from within? Will the origin-date of 
files play a role in cyberspatial addressing? Does anyone have all the 
time in the world or can the extrapolations, from within, appear to 
present an imaginary, the uncanny temporal span, or perhaps only to 
the extent that I possess consciousness which, as I have seen, I do 
not, perhaps nothing more than a character in a novel or short-story, 
an agent who comes and goes within the diegesis - don't forget me, I 
might have committed the murder, I'll see how it comes out _in the 
end_ - thus the span from _beginning to end,_ which has taken us far 
off the course, but all of this from an exteriority, not the world of 
the text (as if that were constituted as a product or production) -

You're losing me. You say there's no time here, there's all the time 
in the world, time unravels here by virtue of the dated files and op- 
erations - you have it both ways and no way at all. Think of it as a 
logic similarly constructed, that one could have it any way at all, 
especially when it comes to the representation, addressing, and rec- 
ognitions of exteriority - even time - they tend to slide - there's a 
laterality at work...

Space perhaps is of the same, a representation that takes space on a 
disk, within a book, on a tape - but at the same time, a raster that 
might be of any other size, sizeless and specified within the text, no 
natural unit of measurement from within, only sputterings. Images 
break down as well into bits and bytes, nothing more. So that space is 
only an n-dimensional abstraction, a distension whose coordinates may 
or may not be finite, orthogonal, etc. What moves on the level of con- 
tent is only program language performativity: abc reverses into cba 
for example. This doesn't take us very far; the reader always seems to 
intrude into the ontology. Then there is the level of the diegesis or 
reconstruction. So that texts move, are still, stutter, or stumble, by 
themselves, or remain stillborn, and in any case, there is the world 
or level of diegesis.

Which is a fragile thing, or knowledge of part-objects, fuzzy all the
way up and down, always already metonymic, syntagmatic. Think of the
logic of the gesture, non-distributive, a limited number of elements
extending outside of themselves - the logic of the body or mind, and
the logic of diegetic reading (is there any other? yes, when my mind
goes blank, and I continue, remembering nothing. as if things have
broken apart, as if the interpretive apparatus has dissolved).

Because of the nature of the questions involved, one can have or not 
have it both or in other ways. So there are and are not time, space, 
mind, body, image, imaginary, non-distributivity, classical logics, 
negations and chain negations, half-dead me only as a diegetic 
operand. So there are and are not part-objects, whole objects, objects 
constituted by language, performative and dead-end language, language 
of absolute absolutes and language of communality and community. So 
there are real and virtuals, and one suspects that the nature of the 
questions involved is the wrong nature or in other words the only 
conceivable nature, resulting in an emission or sputtering where the 
knife cuts or inscribes, separating this or that, the knife itself 
dulled by the exercise or residue, leakages among heaps of standards, 
typifications, typologies, the specimen.

Which can always be digitized, cut at any angle, scuttled or trans- 
formed pixel by pixel. Here, A transforms into B, B might erase A, 
there might not have been an A at all, in the first place, in the last 
place, before or after or during time.

Said I, worn out by the process or production. Self-constituting, the 
bell rings in the mind, the supplicant walks beneath the red lacquer 
arches, sound of gong beyond the autumn leaf water. A huge spanning of 
the sky, moon cloud sake moon-cloud. A very huge spanning, as if it 
were doubled upon itself, as if folded, a description of the very 
real.


XIV


And here is what was said (what I said) near the beginning of the book,
as discovered and spoken by me:

"INTERNET TEXT partial summary," I start. I continue:

"'Au voile qui la ceint absente avec frissons' (Mallarme)," and I
don't remember the meaning of the French. Bravely, I hurry on:

"I address the problem of ELECTRONIC SUBJECTIVITY by virtue of several
threads, all concurrent. I continue this addressing, each thread
writing and rewriting the text, a continuous-production or discourse
against the grain.

"The GRAIN, GRANULARITY, is a physical reality both classical and
quantum-mechanical, a physical reality whose appearance is that of the
grain: letters on a bleak field, the grains of granite and
photographic film, beach-sand, the granularity of the retina itself.

"The SUBJECT 'au voile' or VEILED SUBJECT is defined by ADDRESS
(location, without which the subject no longer exists); RECOGNITION
(the activated ADDRESS opening and closing channels of communication);
PROTOCOL (the syntactic structure of communication); and REWRITE (a
continuous-production or reiteration of the subject, a flood or
EMISSION of the symbolic).

"The EMISSION is a signifying; a SPEW is a symbol-dump, noisy and
granular, referencing the real exterior, transforming the interior
into an abject. EMISSION and SPEW are communicative occasions whose
analog is the set of GENERALIZED MEASURE GEOMETRIES, always but not
quite symmetrical, always reiterative. The Net diffuses and collapses,
differentiates and integrates, transforming smooth into semantic or
inscribed space, and back again.

"The ontology of the Net is UNCANNY, an absenting or problematic
alterity; within the UNCANNY, FANTASM appears, the introjection/
projection (-JECTIVITY or the THROWN, DASEIN) of narratologies and
ACTANTS, 'persons'; neither present nor absent; these may be ELEC-
TRONIC SUBJECTS themselves, or a constructed IMAGINARY transmitted
and diffused. NARRATOLOGIES are the collapse of NET DISCOURSE into
remaindered patterns; the opposite is the MURMUR or STUTTER, the
irruption of 'frissons' everywhere and nowhere at all." [ ... ]

A pause, an omission, on I go::

"The DIGITAL DOMAIN is the dominion of eternal life, the dominion of
eternal REWRITE; information is never lost from generation to gener-
ation, but always repeated and repeated absolutely. This is the do- 
main of the clean and proper body, the introjection of burnt wires 
producing always already a simulacrum of life, guaranteeing continu- 
ous discourse. There is no death; DASEIN becomes EMISSION itself. The
SCREEN is the only TERMINAL OPERATION; the screen becomes the EGO or
gateway, the surface of the addictive user. Everything is PERFECTION.
TRUTH and FACTICITY are occurrences, since truth tables are decided
only by ASCII or other decoding/encoding matches. What is true is
present. And what is true is also BEAUTIFUL since perfect and per-
fectly clean, always a symmetry or lure."

"By ASCII" or "within ASCII," I muse. And what are these matches, if not a 
heading towards pure equivalence, for even similitude is based on part 
objects whose relationships are defined by well-defined transformations.

What holes in this antiquated text! The "since" doesn't belong as well
- nothing is being said. But I rouse myself, and bravely continue:

"The GREAT BEYOND is the horizon of the Internet, always farther, al- 
ways increasing circulations of the planet which short-circuit or
circumvent. At the edge of the GREAT BEYOND one finds the BLIND PASS- 
WORD 'absente' beyond which is a null-set or zero file. ONTOLOGY
itself is absent; epistemology is viral, transformative. Nothing is
certain and nothing circulates.

"PROPER NAMES circulate throughout the Net, the promise of TRUTH or
BEAUTY, the promise of emission. Such names are FANTASMS; every
possible world is every possible Net world in a continuous morph, and
every KIND is simultaneously a NATURAL and UNNATURAL kind. Thus TRUTH
is each and every occurrence, and who is to say that FALSEHOOD is not
the same? What is neither this nor that is foundation, gestural, with-
in and without the GREAT BEYOND, UNCANNY. The TERMINAL becomes retinal 
but anonymous. Names MURMUR forever, lose identity. NAMES never had
identity to begin with."

I think, my god, the capitals I use! As if there were an import or 
importance here, as if the world were articulated as-if, in this fashion. 
Off at the mouth I run and go on:

"The POLITICAL ECONOMY OF THE NET constructs a class-consciousness
fueled by reification-tendencies; everything is reification.
Teleology is defined by a FUTURE IMPERFECT in which reification
constitutes the IDENTITY OF THE SUBJECT ITSELF."

I've never seen such an identity, I decide. Now I speak a bit quicker, 
anxious to reach the end of the thing (should I take my life? hardly!? 
for this?!):

"The FUTURE from the exterior results in the LAST SCIENCE FICTION STORY
in which the subject confronts the GREAT BEYOND. Narrative itself dis-
appears, replaced by PERFECTION. LIFE, once defined by MODULARITY, has
become SUBSTANCE, a REWRITE of the same into the same. 

"'Rien, cette ecume, vierge vers' (Mallarme)"

That French again, I mutter to myself, my lips beginning to form
the conclusion or attribution of the quotes; I'm embarrassed for the
author - things were so clear then! Nothing was! Everything misshapen:
NOW THE TRUTH CAN BE TOLD!

"(From Alan Sondheim, Net4.txt, http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_
txt .)"

I stop reading, stops speaking; what would follow would not be in the 
text. I lost the science fiction, the great beyond, the terminal state. I 
lost murmuring, Lingis' murmuring of the world itself. The grain or 
granularity wears down my teeth (I must check the filling); the blind 
password is just that, too application-specific to be of use.

The yelling capitals have gone away like bumblebees. For me, written into 
existence and out of existence, etc. And it's always dangerous to play 
with truth; the illusion disappears after the damage is done. Earnestness 
is a symptom of insecurity. Mapping the territory out has come again to no 
conclusion. What is to be done?


XV


Lesson for Today: Maps and Territories


Looking around I thought I'd like the idea. Clothes of all description, 
ill-fitting in the midst of the South-East Asian economic crisis. The 
company? Big Hi Jo Gucci, pun on hijo, emergency, pun on guchi, exit: 
hijoguchi, emergency exit, Hi Jo Gucci, emergency clothes for the 
occasion: chemical warfare suits, fire-fighting masks, police batons, 
swat-team body armor. I never lived through any bombing.

Either had I for that matter, closer to the new people than anyone else, 
living proof that history was the creation of old men who had little else 
to do than chronicle the insanities of their lives. But it never amounted 
to that much either, and I could let go when necessary of my distaste.

Dictation one: The Internet is a vast holarchy of phrase regimes which 
interweave, interpenetrate, fade. Dictation two: Use the quantum law of 
superimposition for good effect here, everything sloughing into every- 
thing else. Dictation three: Watch how observers and observed become iden- 
tical - everything is perfect or imperfect mapping in this space - the map 
not the object, object not the map - as Baudrillard points out - broken 
torn mappings, and I say again, says I, the map is the object, there's no 
different, how postmodern, just look at the gas-mains in Ciudad Juarez, 
whatever happened to tracking, extraterritorialities, nothing! The mains 
blew, there _were_ no maps but the mains themselves. Now? I don't know, I 
haven't been there in years. How much money in Ciudad Juarez?

One and one and one.

Walk the map to its boundary-points, edges, you can't - "map" and "terr-
itory" stupid concepts. You can't because they're torn from nothing, not
even the memory or History of the whole cloth. There's only the appear-
ance of breaks. You can't walk it either - why?

You can't walk the map because it's a reading, kanji or otherwise,
symbols get in the way. Even if the map covers the territory, it's not
identical - how could that have been missed? It's a grid of symbols and
as such, it's a reading and a writing, and a tearing into and across the
sememe. (You can't walk the symbol for the bank of a river, no matter how
finely detailed, all these labels, names, you'd need vertical risers,
morse-code molecular strings, to handle the flood.)

In fact the real then, is hijoguchi and you might as well make some
money out of it. 

said I.


ii


But the map is capital. But the map, the symbolic, is the Net. But the Net 
is congruent with itself, there's no distinction, difference. Because one 
routes through capital, across capital, carrying the burden of capital.

The map is the Net is capital. But "Net" and "map" are fuzzy, reified - no
longer the four clean nodes in 1969. It's no longer plug-in, early phone
operators for that matter working one-to-one, connecting Mrs. to Mr. and
Miss to Mr. Miss.

It's not the simulacrum, however. It's more complicated, as the symbolic
and the real mesh, not only that - the very idea of the map dissolves.
Think of territory and microterritory, the router table as an intelligent
map, say, performative, as a micro-map equivalent to its nodes, shunting.

Given this, I'd say that the distinctions are becoming less and less
useful: Where does the real end, begin, the symbolic end, begin, the map
end, begin, or the continuum for example, in relation to quantum states?
Too much theoretics necessary, too much deconstruction. Better look, per-
haps, for vectors, diagrams passed out on slips of paper, local emergency
exits, go to Chiyo, it's near the kimono shop across from... There might
be a subway, bus stop. There might be a plane overhead. But lines of
flight are always changing, literally not-with-standing.

There are always already maps, bursting at the seams, reductions of say
1:50,000 - maps which guide us, slips of paper full of symbols, indices.
They're useful guides. But they do little charting the epistemology of a
world replete with information, stuttering signifiers, anomie, languages,
misrecognitions, imaginaries, scan-line or digital transformations.

Do you know your local router table? Look, look, look, look, look. 


iii


Maps and territories are useful, articulate, because they represent a
basic _cleavage_ of the real, as well as channels of transmission and
reception thickly connecting the symbolic with the alterity of an ir-
reducible other.

We may place the map "above" the territory (the traditional placement
of a map-in-use):

                             map
                          territory

We may take note of flows between them:

                             map
                            ^   |
                            |   v
                          territory

We may label these flows in terms of relevant phenomenologies:

             [integration]   map   [differentiation]
                signifier                 v
                   ^               referent-construction
                          territory

Noting that the ^ processes represent _inscription_ - writing the map
- while the v processes represent _fissuring_ - "reading" the territory
through the map, which is tantamount to constructing referents within
the variegated continuities of the world.

The _gesture_ described by Tran Duc Thao as relevant to the origin of
language (circular motion of the arm indicating that "game is on the
other side of the hill, let's go!") is a temporary map of part of the
hunting-ground, literally reifying the hill, breaking it away from the
continuum of the (swollen) landscape.

So the map is a collocation of one or more signifiers, a dictionary of
signifiers which also _lays claim to the territory as territory,_ and
_the image of the territory as an accumulation of *features.*_

Dictionaries are maps, encyclopedias are maps, lists are maps, words
are maps, the symbolic maps.

When is the map a territory? When the map is real, or when the terri-
tory is symbolic. If the map is (represented as) real, it is transcend-
ent by virtue of divinity - i.e. it is the reading of the "book of na-
ture," Jerusalem as _necessarily_ the center of the universe. If the
territory is symbolic, it is also a map, constituted by difference -
but it may be a map in the sense of a _layered articulation_ with an
(other) map. For example, within the Internet, router tables consti-
tute a performative (symbolic) map constituting the Internet; domain
name servers constitute another map, whose territory is the IP add-
resses - these articulations constitute maps of maps - better yet,
layered mappings constituting the Internet.

The confusion of map and territory occur within the environs of simu-
lacra. In postmodernity, since simulacra and the real interpenetrate
and problematize one another, boundary conditions are fuzzy, often in-
visible, problematic (where does "Disney" end and Disney begin?), maps
and territories are (beyond the purely geographic/demographic) _flows_
with contested topographies. _Capital_ itself is one such flow, both
map and territory, constituted by site and quantity, input-output
matricies which themselves may be totalized, inscribed, fissured. In
this sense, there is no end to it, no end to the symbolic. If history
and geography create a constructed past and present out of "planetary
events," "theory" further operates on the symbolic itself. If map and
territory are confused, inscription and fissuring are also confused -
the former generally referring to a divisive act creating or recogni-
zing a difference qualitatively constituted ("this is, and that is
not, a blackbird"), and the latter referencing a _breaking_ which
makes a difference that is primarily or fundamentally quantitatively
constituted ("this cliff has a fissure in it").

Now, what is or is not _deliberately inscribed_ is problematized by
the presence of _emissions_ everywhere, sourceless signifiers carry-
ing "wounded" or indecisive content (finance, punk, age, AIDS) - so
that acts, justice, consequence, and law themselves are blurred. Who
is responsible for what in a population psychiatrically fissured,
arbitrarily inscribed into "mentally fit" and "unfit"? Again, maps and
territories are mapped onto one another, and the distinctions are lost
- the result is an unwieldy laminar sememe one might consider part of
the social. ...

So that, on one hand, "map" and "territory" expand into the phenomen-
ology of language and gesture - and on the other, are remnants of a
classical episteme that was capable of the isolation of the symbolic,
either as the residue of divinity, or as a "purely" human activity. The
theoretical usefulness of the terms seems increasingly frustrating.


iv, or: The South


What if the territory doesn't exist? I make a map of Minamikyushu,
which may or may not have a home upon one or more of the Japanese
Islands. My map is quite detailed; there's a harbor, several inlets,
bridges. I note the presence of numerous shrines, and a mountain-top
stupa quite well-known in the region.

My map doesn't connect to other maps; it respects their territories,
scattered villages, towns, cities, rivers and mountain ranges. It
floats, references.

Perhaps it references itself. It is a map on paper, printed with in-
delible inks, quite fine, really. The points of the compass are
clearly marked. Latitude and longitude are missing.

It references itself; Minamikyushu covers, in reality, this paper
measuring 20 x 30 centimeters. The paper is the territory, carries the
territory with it. I might say that Minamikyushu is miniature, and
uninhabited.

The map is both Minamikyushu and _of_ Minamikyushu. The _of_ circum-
scribes, inscribes; the map is _uncanny,_ participating in a half-
writing that is also a ghost. Closing my eyes, I dream Minamikyushu,
teeming with people, located ...

But Minamikyushu is quite coarse, in fact, as coarse as the symbols
that constitute it. These are _words-made-flesh_ or at least trans-
formed into the specificities of paper. And if _this_ map is also its
territory, what of its duplications? Are there many Minamikyushus - is
this uncanny city, in fact, to be reduced to the purity of bits and
bytes, information-processing, just as any copy of Gulliver's Travels
might be considered equivalent (but not identical) to any other?

I assert that this copy, this unique copy I have made, is Minamikyu-
shu, a miniature city - all other duplications of the map, then, nec-
essarily refer to this one. One might consider this one a _portent_ of
the others, that epistemological shimmering that constitutes the
dream.

There are territories and territories. Sometimes the map is above
them, sometimes below. Sometimes the map is embedded, or contiguous,
and sometimes it hangs from a thin golden chain from the center of a
city. Sometimes there is one map which is the Map, and sometimes there
are numerous different maps, or equivalent maps; all maps and Maps are
identical with themselves, which caddy-corners from the _speaking_ of
equivalence.

But this map is the territory of Minamikyushu...


v I Find a River


A river, clearly marked on the map of Minamikyushu. Where does it
begin? The river runs off the right-hand side, disappears into the
harbor on the left. Minamikyushu, facing left, nishi, west.

There is the sea and the harbor, and up or down the coast, one might
come across Minamikyushu. The paper is dry, left to right, top to
bottom. The paper is the Being of the beings of river, Minamikyushu,
river-which-remains-unnamed. The dry river, wadi or arroyo.

I know that rivers breathe as the tidal bore enters, heaves upward, 
continues. Sometimes there are high walls of water. The river through 
Halifax is forever lonely.

What is the source of this beautiful river? I carry the map in my hand; to 
me, it makes no difference whether the original or duplicate. There are 
many Halifaxes, I think; each of us has one or more. Each of us has our 
own, equivalent as I walk down the bank which is lined with concrete.

I notice that the river has a certain familiarity. I am in Mahone Bay. I 
realize the territory on the map, Mahone Bay, is in reality Mahone Bay, 
and the river guides me to the store. The map of the river guides me along 
the bay to the store.

Or I notice later, in Fredericton, that the river has a certain
familiarity. I realize that Halifax is Fredericton as well, as well
as Mahone Bay, and the bay guides me to the store. The map of the
river guides me along the bay to the store, just as any map of
any river guides me in Fukuoka or Nagasaki to the store.

I think that if the map of the river in Halifax guides me, just as the map 
of the river guides me, then perhaps all rivers and river-maps guide me, 
just as all maps of five elements, each connected to the other, must have 
at least one intersection where lines cross.

I notice that maps have structures and territories have structures
and both are articulated by the world itself. I think that the
world has certain constraints, and the map is a thing in the world,
just as the world is in itself, or the territory of the world is in
itself and the world itself.

If the map is a map of the world, then it includes itself, and if the
territory is the territory of the world, then it includes the map.

If the map is of Halifax, and there is a river, then the river
has one side and the other side, and for sure, in the middle of the
city, there might be a store. I think of this as the structure
of a culture introducing certain restraints on the map, but these are
synthetic, not analytic restraints, not really necessary, but necess- 
ary here where Mahone Bay is.

This is confusing, but not that much, I think, looking carefully at the 
map for the map, just there, within Halifax, now within Mahone Bay as 
well.

So many cities, so many rivers and stores, and so many restraints. I
think as well that the world has a wonderful style, and it is the
style of the map and the style of the territory. I think it might
not be the style of all maps, there are imaginary maps and electrical
maps which are not flat but might even map flat things as well - but
these maps as well obey the wonderful style of the world. (I wonder
if every map obeys the wonderful style and decide every map just 
might.) 

I think this style is ideal and analytic, that it is never fully
known, but that it is there in the map, just as it is there in the
territory, and there is nothing that is not part of this style, even
the breathing and thinking of me.

I think, well not the breathing of me, because I can think of something 
that is not of the wonderful style, a gravity that flings things quite 
apart or something turning stones into stars at a very high rate of speed. 
(But then I think, this is the wonderful style, too.)

There is nothing, I think, that will map my mind, which is both map and 
territory as well. I think that symbols are there, crowding my-thought, 
but there is thinking as well, as I skip down the road by the side of the 
river, that is a thinking of the skipping, which I do and do not do.

But which is part of the wonderful style of the world. I think that
all is analytic or all is synthetic; holding my four-dimensional map
folded into three dimensions, I think that all is both or nothing,
and there are many ways about this universe, perhaps because 
I am there within it.

Because I am within the universe, then the territory must be a territory 
that supports me. I know this is the anthropic principle, wondering about 
the structure of the territory which supports me, and is its map as 
well. I think, what happens when a symbol acts or performs.

I realize the world has many symbols that perform, and these per- 
formances are becoming more frequent and visible, as data-banks in- 
crease, libraries increase, information increases and turns into stars or 
galaxies of information, multiverses at the limit, electrons in many 
orbits carrying data, maps and territories themselves.

Within and without the world, I think, something is changing and the old 
order is becoming disorderly, inchoate. I want to read and write 
perfectly, I want to make perfect maps, and I want to be understood, a 
perfect map to my territory.

I speak a language everyone and no one understands.

I look at a map and goes to a store where wonderful things are sold that 
turn stones into stars.


My Vision


I had a vision last night, and it was remarkable. I was looking at a
map of our neighborhood in Hakata-ku, and it's one of those maps that
give every house and house-owner's name! It's used by delivery-men on
their rounds, and people like me for perfect exploration.

There on the map, was Mr. Yamamoto, from next door! I could see him so
clearly. And then later, when I looked, he had progressed down the
street. And still later, I saw him get into a bus, which disappeared
off the map of Hakata-Ku - he may have been going to Tenjin!

Anyway, here was Mr. Yamamoto, and he was carrying a map! It's one of
those maps of Hakata-Ku that give every house and house-owner's name!
And there on the map, was me, having a vision! You could see the
glazed look in my eyes, me in Japanese! I guess I was busy at the
time!

While Mr. Yamamoto was progressing down the street, he was still
carrying the map! And there on the map, you could see me waking up
from my vision, and hurrying over to the desk! And still later, he
carried the map onto the bus, and just before the bus left Hakata-Ku,
I saw myself writing this sentence to the end!

This is a vision of the whole world and I am sure it is true!

Alan!


If, by Rudyard Kipling


What if the map says go north?
You're holding the map upside-down.
You place the map in a way (such as to) (that) orients landmarks.
You might use a compass, then.
North might or might not be correct.
Then! You might find yourself.
Your body extends in all directions.
You look for a landmark and its symbol.
You align yourself against or with the landmark and its symbol.
Body, map, and real folds or unites into a unity.
The unity is weak, tripartite, ready for transformation.
There are always default tags since you can never tell.
You might think of all of this as an indexical triad.
It's indexical, body map and real pointing all over the place.
The real doesn't point.
The real is pointing by virtue of the symbolic, the map, the body.
What if there is no north?
Everything turns around, turns this way and that way.
You take a few tentative steps to see what's around the corner.
If there is a corner it might measure up and take you with it.
You're holding the map upside-down and can read upside-down.
Or you're holding the map upside-down and can't read upside-down.
Then you're in trouble with parallel real and paper but where are you?
You've made certain judgments, you're always consistent.
Bravely you move back around the corner and change your view of things.
You can move back again and test the results one more time.
You might turn the paper around and turn yourself around.
You've got to find a place you want to go to.
Perhaps there is no place and that is the place you want.
Or you want to go anywhere but to that landmark or around the corner.
You hold the map in your hands parallel to the table of the real.
Or you hold the map vertical to the real which becomes wonderful text.
You read and you think to yourself, I'm not going there.
There is nothing you would rather do than this or nothing.


XVI


It's a difficult terrain, traversed by philosophy, literature, dialog.
Think of it as a (constituted) (deconstituted) world. Anything that
might apply were it brought back in the form of an inscription. Any-
thing that might garner appearance or recognition, sounds and sights
as well. The fabric is different. The place is different. The energy
necessary to maintain it is different. Death is different.

In the digital world, in the eternal world or Internet. Which appears
only as uneasy suturing. Here, we are the "forgotten ones." Because of
the margins, the exile. Because of the flickering of addresses, Web-
pages no longer available, visible, _there._ They're on the machine of
_the other._ They're off the machine, or the connections are down, or
the router has crashed. Or the routers have crashed and there's no
dawn again.

They've been blown away by the whitelight/blacklight of catastrophe or
politics or history or plague. Face-down in a field, picked up for a
photograph. Or buried too soon for the order of representation, too
soon for the imaginary.

Or they circulate, each pixel refreshed on the screen how many times
per second. Waves and apparent stases, whirlpools.

Now certain academic institutions insist on the invalidity of online
publishing and writing, problems of copyright and authority. Now they
harden their positions; the inscription into paper dominates once
again, the tide is stemmed. Now the paper burns easily.

Whatever names survive the burning. Whatever attaches again to aging
flesh. Whatever holds its own, while avatars or bots are gone. At best
a disappearance into sumi smoke. At worst, the scrolls are burned. At
worst, the planet smashes species to a halt.

"It's a difficult terrain," roiling in the midst of institutions, dis-
courses, context. It is always already at a loss for words.


XVII


The words jam up against expressibility. Like loggerheads, they're like
loggers on the river. That is, slipping off into the onsen, hot-baths. From
the river, there are no banks, nothing but surface tensions all the way
around. Language erasures, the current pulling inscriptions from the roots
of things lining the path. Branches dip, drip in and out. Branches divide
from the root, overhang the water.

Oh shut up, said I, at the end of my tether. Begin again.

Every place is a site of massacre. Every site is a source of plague. I
am frightened of this place of writing. I have no time to complete an
unfinished work, born as such. Claws perch in my back. I dream of
organs torn and reassembled; they don't remember anything. Two nights
ago I dreamed I was in a foreign land and had a foreign hand. The fury
of words recedes in the distance. The last word I will ever hear. The
last phrase. The last sentence. What will be understood. What will not
have been reply. Can life be reply. Can a life. There are no questions
asked _at that point_ which have not been asked as a result of the
happenstance of organism. There are silent universes. There are uni-
verses of silence. Every breath carries the lungs of the dead. I am
your atom. I am in you. Every breath, an apology - every place, a site
of massacre.

Begin again.

Every space a site of consecration. Every site, your source. I inhabit
this space of writing. Every word, phrase, sentence, a completion. I
rely on you. I am in a foreign land with you. Words come forward, as-
if anything were ever possible. What was the first, what is the first
question. My life is a question. There are universes like our own.
Everyone breathes, water, air, silicon. Molecular, I turn beyond you,
consecrate this space. Noh-space of forms, now they move towards
one another, the stage, butai. Every stage, a site in in-formation.

"Now they sing beneath the paper moon,
Now they sing an origami tune."

(From Vladimir Posner, "A Ballad of Old Tokyo," 1923.)

"The construction of the influencing apparatus in the form of a machine
therefore represents a projection of the entire body, now wholly a geni-
tal." (Victor Tausk, On the Origin of the "Influencing Machine" in Schi-
zophrenia, 1919 in The Psychoanalytic Reader, ed. Robert Fliess, New York,
1949.) 

For what purposes? For the moment of electrical energy. Looking for or
against this or any other organ. Doesn't the text itself hysterically
search for a site (for procreation)? _Doesn't Tausk?_


XVIII


What drives the text? Are texts driven? Is there something outside
that wants in? Are the questions the wrong questions?

Everything veers off in the wrong direction, falls off the cliff into
the valley.

These metaphors are close to collapse, nothing to be gained by unwiel-
dy comparisons. Similitudes filter through the intensifications of
equivalence. The poor world is left behind.

Some people would insert silence here, have it run out at the bottom
of the book. The ending of the book, one way or another, closes down.
I'll never see you again, I'll never hear you again.

You're not supposed to be here when I'm writing like this; you're
supposed to be non-existent because I'm writing in a theoretical man-
ner, everything reified, articulated, structural or post-structural
arrangement.

You're not there, you're not there at all. The words tunnel around
inside me. If anything, nothing but the hardening of currents into
position. Here is one, there is another.

Or you're always there in the form of a theoretical seminar - that is,
I speak and speak to myself through you, transitive relationship or
resonance. "You, my colleagues."

And everything breaks down, the big house falls to the ground, the
ground's no longer there, earthquake!, windows are shattered, air
comes in, there's an eclipse, magic!, walls buckle, floods pour down
the street, silence!, groans, creaks, roars!

The beginning of the book has no relationship to the ending of the
book which is always already in the thought of the author gathering
you in these last pages, perhaps there is mourning occurring. That
the proper name will disappear. That death gapes or hungers.

That death is never achieved.

"There is no last phrase." (From Jean-Francois Lyotard, The Differ-
end, Phrases in Dispute, trans. Georges Van Den Abbeele, Minnesota,
1988, page xii, section "Preface Reading Dossier," line 7 within
section "Question," words 4 through 8 inclusively.)

1Alan Sondheim
2Alan Jennifer Sondheim
3Alan Julu Sondheim
1Alan Myouka Sondheim
2Alan Eliot Sondheim

                                        (Fukuoka and New York, 1997/8)
                                        (Halifax and Providence, 2014)

"Some people would insert silence here, have it run out at the bottom
of the book. The ending of the book, one way or another, closes down.
I'll never see you again, I'll never hear you again."


XIX


silence. she/they had these final words, someone speaking, someone taking
notes:

so dusts and disillusions, layers sloughing off: below, protocols, above:
temporality: intermediary confluences, flows, meaning-generators:

cantor-dusts, decay of red-brick buildings, dissolution of inscriptions,
allergic reactions, electromagnetic emissions, sputtered packets across
protocols

favillas, colonias, shack cities, slacker cities, hacker sites, spewed
codes, dispersions and headless emissions, universal desiccations of all
living things

serrated edges, grated minerals, fractal dimensions and chaotic paths,
universal catastrophies, faultlines and faulted memories: universal radia-
tions, collocations of murmurs of universal organisms

no borders, no transgressions, nodes in seas of radios and televisions,
ghosts in telenovellas, emissions throughout, images and broken images,
the colloquia of truth and disinformations

sinters, powders, pulverizations, clutter losing memory, the absolute
annihilation of memory, pressures and the breaching of potential wells,
splintered protons, particle crashes, k-meson resurrected identities,
virtual particles and shadow-galaxies

splayed bodies and genders, dismemberments and cyborg claptrap wirings,
cyberspatial dimensions and seas, landmines, shrapnel, movements of rem-
nant populations, nomads, chemical warfares

ideological part-objects, sputterings, words rolling off the tongue, re-
lationship marketings, viruses and bacteria, transitional objects to
nowhere, skins and cancers, skin cancers and acid rains, damaged frogs

dead-end theories, theory-machines, paraplegic bodies without organs,
surface skitterings, information overloads and spews, information implo-
sions and catatonias, information managements, managed communities, in-
formation all the way down

binarization of the world, error codes and encryptions, checksums and
prime searches, home-owner's associations and regional conflicts, bias and
hate crimes, digital eternities mutilated by legacy softwares and dead
tech, who do you trust

false random, pseudo-random, true random, death by nuclear or chemical
warfare, by plague or global warming or breakdown of the ozone layer,
ideological foreclosing, the last remaining woman or man, planetary ex-
tinctions, clearcut forestry, machine speedup to infinite regress, in-
crease in birth defects and retardations, all the land in the world

all the land in the world tending towards dust, towards the storms and
desert winds, towards the harborings of dried muds and silts, whole talus
slopes of dust, accumulated accomplishments of humanity rubbled against
the base of cliffs and mesas, worn buttes and violated tablelands

dust between your teeth, dust in the air, the newstory: dust, the theory:
dust, the television special: dust, the world-wide-web broadcast: dust,
the whisper among lovers: dust, the managed online communities: dust, our
bones: dust, our speech: dust, dust our destiny, radiations our truth

and then there's this.


<*** End of File ***>


