


Theses on the Inversion of the Cinema

Millennium Film Journal, Fall-Winter, 1983-84


( Through certain extrapolations, it may be posited that a world
external to that of the cinema actaully exists. These extrapolations,
hypothetical as they are, form the basis of the theory of the subject
external to the everyday phenomena of the screen. This theory is the
theory of the life-world, characterized by the _continuity of char-
acter,_ something only hinted at in cinema. )


1

Events in cinema - the discursive unfolding of internal or psychologi-
cal temporality - occur only within the rearticulation of the geometry
of the film reel. This unfolding is entirely non-linear, since any event
may produce its reaction, be repeated, or occur within flashback or
flashforward diegesis. This unfolding is therefore a _compression_ or
nodal point which expands cleanly (see below) into an articulation of a
language it establishes.

In contrast, consider the expansion of any sequence until it fills the
diegesis - a sequence in which no articulation of temporality is
possible`, in which memory alone serves the subject, in which we can
no longer speak of "the deployment of the world," but instead, of the
world as a bind or fetish which plays itself against itself. We
consider this alien notion of temporality internal, and can conceive
of its appearance as expansion or contraction within the subject. Thus
the primary operations of displacement and condensation within the
cinematic world are replaced by a _continuous unfolding_ in which even
such basic processes as the double exposure are impossible.

2

In addition, we postulate the presence of a space which spills (away),
which is unbound - a space external to any articulating framework, a
space in which the subject is lost, and, to recover that lack, must
move in a flow of identifications (with the maternal breast) which
return the subject, through a faulty mirror, to stasis and alienation.
In this hypothetical world, the subject is denied repetition, but only
allowed to repeat.

3

The subject in the life-world is denied panopticality and the appear-
ance of his/her own respnse to the other. Again, this is replaced by
the necessity of continuous movement.

4

Furthermore, and this is noted from investigations into the forgotten
areas of the filmic image, the life-world is characterized by spill,
clutter, the trivia of other subjects which tend to deconstruct any
narrative trajectories. This spill is the subject of momentary fet-
ishization revealing this paradox - that our compressed, stabilized,
and non-linear cinematic temporality is inverted by a life-world
decompressed by linear temporality. The economic of the life-world
itself is an internalization; the economic of cinematic reality is in
the constructed manipulation of drives and projections.

5

We postulate that the mechanisms of the inscription of character in
cinema (which are formal, signifying, and _clignotement_) fall away in
the world of the subject, to be replaced by inscriptions from an
internal impulse (ego, libido) which flicker, coagulate - which form
what we may call temporary institutions or associations. These reflect
on the transformation of character which cannot be withdrawn. Semen,
cement.

6

Cinema cannot exist without the world of the subject; the world of the
subject cannot exist without the cinema. The historic cinema (Edison,
et. al.) is only a materialization, extruded through technological
development, light-sensitive surfaces on a malleable base. Thus the
theory of cinematic reality and the theory of the subject provide a
double articulation, doube technology. Both are circumlocuted - the
cinema,through the totalization of the apparatus (in the large) and
the script (in the small), and the subject, through the speaking and
doubling of the "I" and the internalization of ideological institu-
tions. In the latter, however, we postulate that the signifiers
_chatter_ through the presence of spill andclutter in late capitalism,
while in the ordianry world of cinema (and its power) the construc-
tivism guarantees a totalizing manipulation.

7

This totalizing manipulation results in a freezing of inscriptions;
specific cinematic realities coexist and continue, albeit under slow
transformation through the presence of decay in the world of the
subject. For him or for her, inscriptions exhaust themselves. The
scopophilic fetishization of a filmed man or woman articulates and
rearticulates without loss; for the spectator, however, temporal
entrapment alters the imaginary (at a faster rate than the process of
decay, we assume) until the image is abandoned.

8

Our cinematic reality, as this speech act itself indicates, is there-
fore a totalization of codes; the reality of the subject, bounded as
it is by spill, is an appropriation of asignifications, an appropria-
tions producing withdrawal in dialectic with a commodity process that
fuels temporary demarcations. Thus the world of the subject is a world
of _seizures_; it attempts, but fails, at cinema.

9

From the position of the discrete within the cinematic world, we
postulate the analogical; from the position of the operations of
condensation/displacement/substitution, we postulate exchange/memory/
recall; from the articulating function of the screen (spatial
boundary, temporal compression), we postulate an internalization
("ego") (spatial expansion, temporal linearity); from the screen
introjection of the world of the subject, we postulate the "ego"
introjection of the cinema and institutionalization. We desire the
other. The world of the subject is deployed towards the cinematic; the
cinematic becomes a node from which the subject spills.

10

Characters within the cinematic world are undercoded (indeterminate in
history, behavior, psychology, except in their prostitution) and over-
coded (overdetermined within the world of the subject). The undercod-
ing is grounded in the overcoding which exists on the level of formal
play and methodologies. Now finally cinema has triumphed in this in
the world of the subject, in which postulated internalizations (see
#9) are replaced by the introjection of an apparatus for the manipu-
lation of charater traits. This apparatus places internality on the
level of exchange; the "ego" becomes simply a moment of impulse, a
thrust of a socialized dagger.

11

Within the world of cinema, even we must notice an anomaly - the
appearance of bracketing in the geometry of the film, bracketing in
the form of titles, end credits, leaders, tails, guaranteeing the
stasis of the cinematic interplay. Thus the aura of the totalization
is guaranteed by these signifiers of an _other_ world than that of the
spectator; things are this, and not that. The compression becomes
complete, conclusive. (These credits are moments of ejaculation within
the darkness solicited by the viewer.) Without such devices, the
viewer becomes uneasy; cinema becomes spill; it may continue when the
lights are on.

12

The cinema world is the intermittent reconstitution of the vacuum, its
rearticulation, its repression. Darkness with no external trace, a
grid vacuum (extending epistemologically into the granularity of the
individual image, its dissolution). This is paralleled by the micro-
deconstruction of the world of the subject (and therefore the materi-
ality of the world of the cinema), in which space-time appears as a
multiply-connected topology on the subatomic level ("the foam-like
nature of the universe"), the physical vacuum itself possesses virtual
particle fluctuations, and particles may possess no continuous non-
instrumental existence. The cinematic world appears and exhausts
itself on a repetitive (industrial) basis, a portrayal in a specific
space (screen space) of the real. Thus the vacuum articulates the
world of the cinema, providing an armature; the physical world of the
subject, however, dissolves into the chaos of non-identity. The vacuum
as cinematic bind is inverted by the autonomic gestures of the subject
in the life-world - continuity in the midst of spill requiring no
further attention.

13

Just as the real is _that object_ for the cinema, cinema is _that ob-
ject_ for the real: cinema, real, and no other. Cinema exists as a
bracket, a remove; elsewhere, the world suffocates. The cinema permits
scopophilic participation, revelation of secrets, motivations - a
closed universe of discourse (i.e., there are no secrets in the
diegetic, no contents in the vacuum, which are not offered libidinally
to the subject). The cinema annihilates clutter as neurosis articulates
it through repetition and reification of spill - nail-biting, head-
scratching. Cinema and the classic obsessive-compulsive neurosis are
processes of working-through in which surplus labor is subverted and
eliminated for the subject. (Both are gifts.) That is: a _completion_
within the structure of late capitalism (world of the subject) that
inverts the falling-away of consumption, but a _node_ simultaneously
which exhausts itself (as pornography) and recedes (as the unfolding
reveals its barriers, titling).

14

Thus the cinema is that process which construes the position of the body
of the subject in the real: one moves, or the other (film or spectator);
one stops (film or spectator) for the other; one repeats. Between each
cinematic image and its successor, the real appears in the vacuum; the
real is signified by its presence in the absence of the film (revealed
in the blink of the spectator, psychophysical exhaustion - situations in
which the film falls away as film for a moment, becomes intermittent
light, requires reconstitution, as in the pan of an amateur filmmaker).
The cinematic world meshes with the darkness of the real; the real
returns for the spectator as the presence of the body in the theater,
the theatrical body.

15

"...to channel, to unfold, against us - superego formation located in
the presence of the _cut,_ 'Now I'm going to show you something else,
now you've got to move on'...'You've had enough time, I'm twisting your
head, penis, vagina, in another direction.' ...Metz: 'At every moment I
am in the film by my look's caress.' The position of the theater opens
the world of the subject ot the film; the film caresses. The film _per-
mits_ the look; the real negates it. (On a bus, in a classroom, street:
the gaze transforms into the _glance_ characterized by its appearance
_somewhere else._) Watching in a film is transformed into looking in the
world of the subject, the detumescent phallus, withdarwn ego. Sexuality
is the bracketing, restraint, and permissiveness of the world of the
cinema translated into everyday life."

16

The flow of capital in cinema is translated into the flow of desire in
the subject. Desire reconstructs the cinematic character, an invest-
ment. The cinematic economy is internally closed, open within the system
of distribution. The world of the cinema is embedded in social institu-
tions; the world of the subject is embedded in the institutionalization
of the cinema.

17

Like the pineal gland of Descartes, existing as the interstice between
mind and body, the camea exists between the cinematic and the real,
editorializes the latter. A camera moves continuously from one to
another space (and all spaces are one space except within the world of
the subject); it appropriates by a cut into that space and its elimin-
ation. Thus a camera, like the frame rate (16, 18, 24, 25 frames per
second) becomes an arbitrary technology based on human psychophysi-
ology and kinesics, but granted a transcendental role within the appa-
ratus of the cinema/late capitalism. The cinematic world does not
postulate a camera, which is extruded from the real as neurotic self-
reflexivity confining the spectator to silence within an autocratic
system. The camera (except in situations of large-scale camera obscu-
ra) is always elsewhere - not in the cinema, not in the real. (The
cinema digests the apparatus; the real expels it.)

18

The presence of the (jump) cut is the dissolution of the world. The
cinematic world dissolves its character for a reconstitution (parallel
imagery) elsewhere in the reel; the insistent world of the subject
continues everything past the cinematic cut, carries the diegesis
forward in mnemonic suffocation, collapse. For the subject, everything
unfolds and everything is present.

19

From the world of the cinema to the world of the subject and return, we
can only postulate a film, of indefinite length, in which a hand-held
camera moves through a continuous space, unthinkingly, insistent upon
the temporality of projection, or another exercise which collapses again
to a node, vertex, point of origin, a series of images in a linear and
spiralling order, in a case, or series of cases, deteriorating quickly,
or preserved, occasionally unwound, wound, unwound, and wound, moving
from illumination to illumination, most of their life in the darkness of
the real. [Just as this essay is, in fact, the script of a film, form-
ulating itself, cross-referencing, scanning and return back and forth
but after a new thing and a different thing, and a different returning
and a new returning until exhaustion and comprehension, at least appear-
ance and the darkness seeps through.]


+++

