

[Note: Text sidebars, to be printed in Courier, at the end of the
article. For Art Papers magazine, 2001.]

                                                         Alan Sondheim
                                                         
Alan Sondheim's Online Life and Times

The hardest part about writing an autobiography of being on line is know-
ing where to begin. The Internet is one of a number of modes of electron-
ic communication, which include two-way radio, telephone, telegraph, and
so forth. In pre-Net days, I distributed my work in the forms of audio
cassettes, CDs, records, videotapes, books and magazine articles. In gen-
eral, distribution was limited; some of the cassettes were issued in edi-
tions of 200. The Net changed all of that - and became, not only a mode of
distribution, but also a group of interrelated media in themselves.

I began using computers in the late 70s, when I created some interactive
programs in UCSD Pascal, using a Terak minicomputer with ten inch flop-
pies. These programs drew patterns on the screen; the patterns were in
response to the text typed in. Both text and image formed a whole; after a
while, when the screen became to cluttered to continue, it would start
over. Typing into this was mesmerizing; one created interrelated textual
and visual worlds.

Before this, I was either programming for a Texas Instruments 59 calcula-
tor (a big 1k of memory!) or using other programmer's work. in the early
1970s I created a videotape in which a participant "drove" through a vir-
tual four-dimensional space, using a program made by someone at Brown
University. This was my first (self-made) introduction to the possibility
of virtual reality - one could "feel" the movement across dimensions,
using the two-dimensional projects of a hypercube changing in real time,
on a computer screen and activated by a joystick. My own first program-
ming came around 1975-56, with the TI 59 - it used something similar to
assembly language (a very low-level computer language), and, through in-
direct addressing (addresses referencing other addresses instead of their
contents), I was able to create such things as a language-generation pro-
gram that produced simple texts on various themes (I tried out Icelandic
saga, Marxist, and sexual; one of the texts was just set into type by Dan
Wang for a recent exhibition).

During the 70s and 80s I continued to use computers, on and off, eventu-
ally including the video synthesizer or analog computer at the Experimen-
tal Television Center in Owego, New York; and much earlier, in 1968, Greg
Johnson and myself actually built our own voltage-controlled audio syn-
thesizer from scratch - this was also a form of analog computer.

The point here - and there is one - is that, pre-Net, I was already work-
ing technologically and with widely-varying modes of distribution. And I
would go so far as to say, for many of us, there is no real distinction
between pre- and post-Net, between being on line and off line, because the
boundaries become incredibly blurred. I remember driving through the
Southwest and hearing one of my records played on the radio - played by
someone I'd never met, never would meet, to an audience equally invisible
as well. And I remember thinking, that this sort of dispersion, this
_availability,_ is the sign of some sort of achievement, sounds and things
literally out of my hands, elsewhere across the dark American continent.

In the 1980s, I programmed a TRS 80 computer, shooting film from the
screen, but it wasn't until 1993 that I really invested in a personal
computer - a very old IBM XT, which had only a prompt interface - there
was far too little memory for Windows. For $100, I bought the computer,
monitor, and printer; I used the machine for a couple of years. To this
day, I'm grateful - because it was through the use of the prompt, instead
of a mouse / window interface, that I began to understand the power of
computers to communicate.

I connected at first to various local BBS (bulletin board systems), but
quickly became tired of them; I wasn't interested in participating in
local community as much as I desired to explore the Internet itself. I had
an account at the New School, now the New University, in New York - one of
the worst-managed computer systems I've ever used. But it did allow me to
log into the Monochrome Bulletin Board in England - www.mono.org - and it
was through this that I made my first "interna- tional" contacts. I also
learned just what was possible with ASCII-text- based formats; using
escape codes and other techniques, text could change color, move on the
screen, blink, and do all sorts of other interesting things. (Later, but
not much later, I played around with the codes myself, sending out an
invisible text which made the rest of the reader's Inbox invisible as
well.)

The problems at the New School (where I was now teaching Internet) grew
worse and worse, due to overzealous sysadmins, who not only firewalled the
accounts, but made it impossible to do very much at all on them. I eventu-
ally switched over to panix.com, and have remained there, as
sondheim@panix.com, ever since.

With the XT, I was only able to access panix and the Internet on what is
called a _shell account._ A shell account is prompt-driven, text-only, and
it can be very powerful and very, very, fast. My computer would dial up
panix, and one of the big Unix machines at panix would answer. Through
something called terminal emulation, my home screen would reflect the
text-based Unix screen at panix; I would have a prompt on my screen, and
if I entered a command (for example, mail), the command would be carried
out on the panix machine.

For most of the history of the Net, this has been the standard way to
access things. Today, almost everyone uses either a protocol (group of
programs) called PPP, or a commercial interface, such as AOL provides.
These interfaces allow one to surf the Web with full graphics, video, and
audio; almost all commercial development occurs through the GUI (graphic
user interfaces) that PPP provides.

But the prompt, which looks like {k:13} or C:\dos\ for example, is much
freer. The user is less bound by commercial packages, applications, and
pull-down menus; she can even write or tailor programs to her own needs.
In a Unix system, everything is open, changeable, and the number of tools,
for example, available for text editing, for examining other sites on the
Net, for programming, etc., is amazing. 

Since then, I have used a great variety of operating systems, especially
to access the Net, including Windows 3.1 with Trumpet Winsock (which
provides the basis for connecting and interpreting data); Windows 95,
Windows 98, various Mac systems, Windows CE (for pocket devices - I'm
using this now), and, especially, a great variety of Linux systems. I
started using Linux - a Unix-like system invented by Linus Torvalds for
IBM personal computers - in 1995, with Red Hat 2.0; I've since installed
and played with a good twenty other systems. At the moment, I'm using an
old Red hat 5.0 on one machine, and Phatlinux 3.2 (which resides in a DOS
directory in Windows) on another; I also have a number of Linux-on-a-
floppy systems (the entire operating system fits on a floppy - which is
used to boot the computer) that I play with.

Linux has the best of both worlds - for example, I can use the prompt for
programming and text manipulation, and I can use the X Window graphic
interface (I use something called KDE) for working with images, sounds,
video, etc.

Through all of this, I've learned another lesson about computers - that
operating systems, which control the hardware and "feel" of the machine,
are easily interchanged, that using this technology is a kind of inhabi-
ting a way of thinking, and that this way is in fact a whole variety of
ways, just as it might be better to think about "Internets" rather than
"the Internet." The variety is astounding; one lives in and through it.

I began writing on and about the Net, dealing with what I call "virtual
subjectivity," back in 1994, and started working on a still interminable
Internet Text, which is about 4000 pages in length at this point. It
resides in a number of files (which also include experimental webpages,
some graphics, and even two virtual reality pieces) at a Canberra, Aus-
tralia, site: www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt. There is also a mir-
ror site at the Spoons philosophy email lists homepage.

In 1994, I also started, with Michael Current, an email list devoted to
the psychology and philosophy of being on line, called Cybermind; this is
still going strong. I also started another list, Fiction-of-Philosophy,
concerned with writing and philosophy. And in 1996, Cybermind held a major
conference in Perth, Australia; I was keynote speaker. The conference
dealt with all things virtual, and had a strong art component as well. We
used a variety of Internet connections to broadcast, including CuSeeMe
(Internet video), RealAudio (Internet audio), a newsgroup, and the
Cybermind MOO, a text-based virtual reality especially set up for the
occasion.

The use of the MOO demonstrated what new modes of discourse are possible
in real life. We had an auditorium, podium, and speaker; and as she spoke,
someone would type her words into the MOO, to be read world-wide by anyone
who logged in. We then projected the MOO - which included, not only a
summary of the talk, but also the MOO audience's responses - which were
also typed in. So the speaker was surrounded by text commenting on her
talk - the hall really came alive. Later, I was to repeat such con-
ferencing techniques at the New School (with poor success), and, through
Mike Gurstein, I was one of the facilitators for an International confer-
ence on technology and economic development, run on Internet Relay Chat
(IRC), and held in Nova Scotia.

Just an aside here - Mike Gurstein founded C\CEN, Community Center for
Economic Networking, in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia. Twice, I was a consul-
tant for C\CEN, which was involved in using the Internet for real-life
community. For the first time, I was able to put my own biases (towards
poor-Net connectivity, limited bandwidth, reaching out the the broadest
possible audience, etc.) into practice, with good results. I've always
felt that there are three interrelated directions for online culture -
one, the most visible, towards hysteric corporate/NASDAQ development; one,
towards community - bringing together people and services; and one,
towards experimental arts and texts of all sorts.

More and more, through the writing of the Internet Text, through online
video and graphics work, and through (relatively simple) programming, I've
been involved in experimental online work, issues, conferences, and
community (again). From September, 1999 until March, 2000, I was virtual
writer-in-residence for the trAce (sic) online writing community, origi-
nating in Nottingham, England; in July, I participated in real life in the
trAce Incubation Conference. As writer-in-residence, I was able to inaugu-
rate a number of collaborative works, which may be found at
trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim, and at trace.ntu.ac.uk/lost. These
pieces involved collaborators from all over the world, who could place
texts in a number of different "backbones" - including ones using Flash,
an animation program, or other hypertext/graphics possibilities.

My own work has moved towards concepts of the manifestation of the body,
language, and sexuality online. I've produced close to 200 graphics, and
am working with both the dancer Foofwa d'Imobilite (of Merce Cunningham
fame, among other performances/companies) and my partner, Azure Carter. We
recently screened a video, Nikuko, at Millennium Film in New York; the
tape uses characters (Daishin Nikuko, Doctor Leopold Konninger, and The
Lead Dancer) developed as avatars (persona which take on a life of their
own) on the Net, to create a psycho-sexual exploration of real and virtual
bodies.

A great deal of my recent work, in fact, has used such avatars; there are
four in particular: Daishin Nikuko, a "demiurge" who also worked as a
snack-bar girl in Fukuoka, Japan; Julu, who remains behind the scenes,
pulling strings and other things; Jennifer, who stems from nineteenth-
century concepts of girlhood and etiquette; and Alan, whose position is
always problematic in relation to the others. Sometimes one or more of
these characters will go online, into a chatroom or other communal area,
and interact with other participants (or with each other - for example,
dialogs between Jennifer and Julu); the interaction may be recorded, and
shaped into a text dealing with community, language, and control. The
possibilities are endless; I've written, and keep rewriting, a program in
Perl which is interactive and allows me to create new texts constantly,
ones exploring issues of virtuality and psyche, among other things.

The graphics, too, are of Nikuko- or Alan- or Doctor Leopold Konninger-
inspired origin; as single images, they resonate with one another. In a
Cdrom produced by Railroad Earth in Atlanta, more than 200 such image are
in a single directory; a viewer can move among them, building up a
characterology or context for them, in relation to the Internet Text (also
included).

As I've continued online, I've reached more and more people - my work is
now in numerous online and offline magazines, anthologies, etc. And I've
seen some of the most exciting art in the world online - a lot of it
associated, for me, with either the Nettime, 7-11, or Webartery lists.
Nettime features a lot of Eastern European cultural politics and perform-
ance; it's moderated from New York, and is somewhat of a clearinghouse for
online cultural issues and announcements. 7-11 is wilder; groups such as
jodi.org and m9ndfukc.com, as well as mezandwalt, are on it. There are
usually a lot of URLs in the posts. Webartery is a place for discussion of
more poetics-oriented work, such as Tom Bell and Christy Sanford
Sheffield. Then there is the Wryting list, which is a descendent of the
old Fiction-of-Philosophy list; it presents experimental writing and dis-
cussion by the participants - some of which continues to amaze me. (I'm
also co-moderating another email list, Cyberculture, also devoted to the
"philosophy and psychology of cyberspace" - Cybermind has become more of a
community, and Cyberculture has taken over, to some extent, its mandate.
These sorts of things are common in email lists, which have a "natural
history" of their own.)

What's kept me going through all of this, beyond the obvious benefits of
audience and distribution, is what James Ellroy, in another context, and
Merleau-Ponty, in still another, calls _the wonder._ It's the wonder that
keeps me going, the experience of things I could not have imagined, say,
even half a decade ago. I remember one of the first times I was on CuSee-
me, chatting on video with someone stationed in Antarctica. I remember
exploring Net sex and Net sexuality, and the modalities of the body that
opened up (which I've lectured on exhaustively). I remember the first time
that jodi.org "took over" my screen - and how amazing their work was and
is, as if the very bones of the Net and computer were being shaken.
(m9ndfukc did that for me, for a while, and there are always other
"net.art" groups springing up. Recently, the VRML (virtual reality) work
of Maurice Clifford astonished me.

And more than all of these, there is the potential for international com-
munity, for discussion and presentation that ranges far beyond anything I
could have dreamed of. Discussions with a friend in eastern Finland, us-
ing ytalk (an earlier, and I think better, prompt-driven version of ICQ or
AOL messenger) fascinated me. As I've continued online, paradoxically,
I've become more aware of planetary geography - and even more aware of the
complexity and "length" of the Internet. I somehow sense when a connec-
tion is to somewhere halfway across the earth; I somehow sense, simultan-
eously, the varying time-zones of the world; and I sense, constantly, the
very skein or membrane of existence, spreading everywhere, still at an
accelerating rate.

At the same time, I sense as well that only four per cent of the world's
population is connected, that connectivity tends to go from elite to
elite, that the division between the haves and have-nots, in all sorts of
ways, is actually on the increase. But in my quieter, less fearful mom-
ents, I still hold out, literally, for the Other, and for the wonder - and
so far, that has been enough to keep me going...

---

Alan Sondheim is a writer, videoartist, musician, and theorist, whose work
can be found at http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt.
From 1983-85, he was curator at Nexus Contemporary Art Center, and on
occasion has been film/video curator at Image. He has written numerous
articles for Art Papers, and now lives in Brooklyn, New York.


SIDEBAR 1:


body, feeling itse way across the world, i watched and to the sill, cd
mark dir sort < help > del[p sort < help > delp dir b delp del delp color
dir o understanding. beauty of this world, keystrokes captured, dothis
moment am breathless over a phenomenon i have no way of out of everything
held to account, except the results - exit b ls wc zz b ls tail it was a
stroke of mime, moving silently; what came through or shoving, the li b
strokes b readme b read.me exit b x y yy qyb m dq dir looking at pressure.
when i begnan, this rhym wasme wasn't seen on screen, but not before its
white-hot strokes sent me that night to present, strokes of understanding,
strokes of lightning love, keystrokes captured, the brilliant.


SIDEBAR 2:


The Fateful Meeting


{b:2} su jennifer
{b:3} telnet 127.0.0.1 6666
Trying 127.0.0.1...
Connected to 127.0.0.1.
Escape character is '^]'.

                   Welcome to Clara-Machine

                   Type /? for Help
                        /n <name> for Name
                        :<action> for Emote
                        /q for Quit

> New arrival from localhost on line 2.
/n Jennifer
> Name set.
Julu! I can't believe I'm meeting you on this machine...
(2) Jennifer says, "Julu! I can't believe I'm meeting you on this
machine..." 
(1) Julu says, "Jennifer? It's you? After all these years, ah... It's
like ripping my heart out."
Strictly speaking, that's true of course. There is always _obverse code._
(2) Jennifer says, "Strictly speaking, that's true of course. There is
always _obverse code._"
Hold in a minute - brb - phone's ringing
(2) Jennifer says, "Hold in a minute - brb - phone's ringing"
(1) Julu says, "You're a lot busier than I am; you were earlier down the
line -"
: is sorry; it's been a long day, storming outside...
(2) Jennifer  is sorry; it's been a long day, storming outside...
:thinks it will take a while to get used to all the commands...
(2) Jennifer thinks it will take a while to get used to all the
commands... 
(1) Julu says, "Tell me what to do; I've always fulfilled that function
for you -"
(1) Julu says, "even when you didn't know I existed -"
If you sign off, there will be no one to talk to; you are a sign for me... 
(2) Jennifer says, "If you sign off, there will be no one to talk to;
you are a sign for me..."
(1) Julu says, "Our sentences always end in such lassitude... languor..."
Because we foreshadow one another...
(2) Jennifer says, "Because we foreshadow one another... "
:murmurs she is after all speaking to herself...
(2) Jennifer murmurs she is after all speaking to herself...
> (1) Julu has disconnected.
Do not, do not, do this to me...
(2) Jennifer says, "Do not, do not, do this to me..."
Ah, Julu ...
(2) Jennifer says, "Ah, Julu ..."
/quit

> You are leaving the fictional domain of Clara-Machine

Connection closed by foreign host.
{b:4}


SIDEBAR 3:


further on my work -


my work is not about avatars; it is not about jennifer, julu, nikuko. my
work is not about sex or sexual objects. my writing floats through beings
and sexualities, floats through different worlds with different physics,
different neurophysiologies. my work is about the interrelationships among
the symbols employed to comprehend, elucidate, live within, the world -
and the consciousness which receives, transmits, and is constituted to
some degree by such symbols. my work exists between the symbolic and the
imaginary/fantasmic/uncanny - on one hand, protocols, etiquette, and pro-
priety - and on the other, those very openings occasioned by avatars, sex-
ualities, issues of dreamed bodies and bodies dreaming, trance-states,
virtual subjectivities, electronic existences.

(the work is not pornography, titillation, stories, parables; it is not a
narrative of avatars or epistolary novel; neither of course is it what i
say it is, or is not.)

i am writing this in response to someone's kind backchannel response con-
cerning my last textual posting - that it is difficult to pin down what
these texts are, from what occasions they emerge, towards what horizons
they move, however haltingly.

consciousness moves, trembling, against great forces and happenstance; the
asteroid, cancer, death, takes it all out. we exist and write/create with-
in the meantime, meanwhile. and within this interstice, we inhabit phenom-
enologies as if there were futures, eternities, truths. i write towards
and against these futures, eternities, truths; i write as if there were no
tomorrow, or as if we were always already inhabiting tomorrow as fantasm.

i want to move towards and across, beyond the other, as if the other were
a lure or possibility. i want to write into the void, where texts and
images fall into space emptied of everything, including purity. and I want
to see what happens in these non-domains; what types of perception and
consciousnesses are possible; what the limits of the human, the animal,
the organism, are; what may be said about the future of philosophy and the
philosophy of the future - the textual body and the body of text - the
state of the chiasm and partial objects, interpenetrations; what can be
created when language is reconstituted, transformed, beneath the signi-
fiers of technology, sexuality, capital, and so forth. i want to move into
spaces that dis/comfort or exhilarate me, spaces that keep the sense of
wonder alive, spaces that - at least for me - are new, and always beyond
what i am able to accomplish. i want to see vistas, be vistas, see ...

towards these ends i write daily into areas that both carry my signature
and abandon it. i want to abandon, as much as possible, the foreclosure of
ideological theorizing or a tendency towards the specificity of style or
genre; what i want to do, i can't possibly accomplish, i keep writing ...


SIDEBAR 4:


Short Bursts of Electronic Records


Record 1, I'm going to keep my hands off you. I'm not going to ask your
name, or anything. Don't worry, I'm not going near you. I want nothing
whatsoever from you. There are several prepositions locating the two of us
(i.e. in relation to each other) but I not (don't?) think of the two of us
in any grouping whatsoever.

Record 2, I won't get near you. I won't touch you. I want nothing to do
with you whatsoever. I'll stay away from you. No prepositions will bring
us together. You remain at a distance of indifference. That is all I can
do.

Record 3, Let d = infinity. Then 1*n = n; 0*n = 0; d*n =d. 0 and d, at two
ends of the spectrum, are absorbers. Then 1, a form of spectral visita-
tion, returns the same to the same, after the operation. Therefore I am 1
to you; 1*you is you, and this operation, this silent caress, remains
invisible.

Record 1, whatsoever. All of this must be understood whatsoever (this
doubling of the word indicating a break or disconnection between records).

Record 2, There is of course the question of addition, of general recur-
sive functions, but all that is unnecessary (i.e. an afterthought). I
won't go near you, even this speaking, this caress, is at a distance, and
I remain spectral, spectral.

Record 1, You never know when I arrive, but you may mark the date of my
departure. Or you may never be sure I will not return. I have left the
sky different. (Broken, almost forced into the machine. Do they know he or
she has left. Who are they? Who is she? Who is he? Forced out of the mach-
ine, recorded.)

Record 2, But I will never get near you. You'll never see or hear me. I'll
keep my hands off you. I'll keep far away from you. I won't look in your
direction. I won't hear anything you say or see anything you do. I'll stay
away from you. But I will never get near you (etc.).


==========
