
Initial announcement for the Cybermind Email list which I co-founded
with Michael Current:


Date:         Fri, 1 Jul 1994 10:29:29 -0500
Reply-To:     Future Culture <FUTUREC@UAFSYSB.BITNET>
Sender:       Future Culture <FUTUREC@UAFSYSB.BITNET>
From:         Michael Current <mcurrent@PICARD.INFONET.NET>
Subject:      New List - CYBERMIND

                         ANNOUNCING

                         CYBERMIND

AN ELECTRONIC FORUM FOR THE DISCUSSION OF THE PHILOSOPHICAL AND
PSYCHOLOGICAL IMPLICATIONS OF SUBJECTIVITY IN CYBERSPACE

We are all dwelling in cyberspace, coursing through the wires, becoming
cyborg and becoming human. We are subjects of a realm which is totally
charted, and completely unknown. CYBER-MIND is devoted to an examination
of the new subjectivities that have emerged and might yet emerge in this
arena. We are interested in particular in the philosophical,
psychological/psychoanalytic and social issues engendered, particularly
as they concern the user and the social.

Some issues that might be relevant: the psychology of intimacy, the role
of gender, the phenomenology of the terminal screen, neurosis and
paranoia on the Net, the relationship of lag to community and communi-
cation, sex/gender/sexual orientation theory and electronic subjectivity,
the role of the symbolic or imaginary in computer communication, the
implications of symbolic extensions of the human ("external memory", and
so forth), fantasy and the hallucinatory aspects of email/USENET
groups/MUDs, and the psychoanalysis of lurking.

This will be an "open list" - posts on all aspects of the above issues
and more will be welcomed.  It will be open to general discussion, group
readings of published works, and the sharing and critique of
participants' works -in-progress.  We would stress, however, that our
intent is to explore these issues in the broadest sense.  Discussions
focused on IRC, MUD's/MOO's, Virtual Reality, etc. are already readily
available on the Internet.  While it is perfectly acceptable to discuss
these issues when relevant, we do wish to discourage threads that are too
narrowly limited to any particular medium or "sub-realm" of cyberspace.
Similarly, while critical examination of cyberpunk literature can yield
important insights, and we will welcome discussion of work in that genre,
"fan"-type discussion of cyberpunk, of the type available on
alt.cyberpunk, etc., is not appropriate on this list.

One concern we hope to address is the way in which much theoretical
work on cyberspace to date reflects an exclusive, hegemonic bias,
thus foreclosing some of the most interesting and radical of possibilities
for the development of Net culture.  We plan to challenge ourselves and
the list members to integrate issues of race, sex, class and
multiculturalism in our efforts to think cyberspace together.

We believe this list will be an important forum for opening up new
perspectives on cyberspace and cyberculture, and are anxious and excited
to begin a dialogue with all interested parties on the types of issues we
have described here.  Our list is open to all interested parties, be they
academics, Net "technicians," or ordinary citizens of cyberspace who wish
to join us in thinking and discussing the present and future of this
fascinating, exciting, and sometimes frustrating realm - and, ultimately,
of ourselves.

To subscribe, send the message:

subscribe cybermind

to

majordomo@world.std.com.

You should recieve a message confirming your subscription.

If you have any difficulties, or more general questions, contact the
list-owners:

mcurrent@picard.infonet.net  - or - sondheim@panix.com


Michael Current and Alan Sondheim

--
---------------------------Michael J. Current----------------------------
 mcurrent@picard.infonet.net -or- @ins.infonet.net -or- @nyx.cs.du.edu
Specializing in Philosophy, Queer Studies, Depression, & Unemployment :)
 737 - 18th Street, #9 * Des Moines, IA * 50314-1031 *** (515) 283-2142
"AN IMAGE OF THOUGHT CALLED PHILOSOPHY HAS BEEN FORMED HISTORICALLY
AND IT EFFECTIVELY STOPS PEOPLE FROM THINKING." - GILLES DELEUZE
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

