

Obscura, 1981

Dead Time: The Machinery of Reality


The epistemological status of the scientific photographic is extra-
ordinarily problematic; it exists in the interstices between theory
and a naively Platonic reality, vis-a-vis a heuristics of loose
procedures of interpretation. The "classical" fields of the life
sciences, as well as descriptive geology and astronomy, tend towards a
photography of contextualization: the application of the matrix in
which the specimen is embedded, accompanied by a space-time grid (i.e.
the skull was found at a depth of 7.6 cm. in the 3rd quadrant with
coordinates 9.0 x 4.6). In this manner, the photograph is often a
confirmation of discovery; as such it is _a posteriori,_ paralleling
crime photography in its position as evidence of a unique event.

In those sciences more closely tied to well-defined theoretical form-
ulations (I am speaking here of a primary mathematization of reality,
not of the Kuhnian paradigm), the photograph is part of an explanatory
mechanism; the image itself is given space-time coordinates within the
necessary tolerance (up to the Heisenberg limits of the machinery),
and the image surface may also be assigned coordinates. Both categor-
ies of scientific photography are dependent upon seriation; the single
image needs insertion, corroboration. In the life sciences, multiple
images from several angles may be taken of a single event (what Broad
calls "sporadic phenomena"); in other domains (such as particle phys-
ics, quantum mechanics, computer sciences), photographic clusters or
single images of multiple events are more likely.

The ontological status of the image referent in the latter - what "is"
actually being photographed - may also be problematic. At times the
signifier of the presence of an object is only its context; "virtual"
particles in particle physics are never "seen" in cloud chamber photo-
graphs; they are deduced from the vapor trails of "seen" particles in
conjunction with conservative theoretical laws. Even the "seen" parti-
cles are revealed only by their macroscopic traces; the electron for
example leaves no image, but under the proper experimental circum-
stances may leave a disturbance on a photographically visible level.

The scientific image also exists between theory and technology - be-
tween the project of a "pure" science, and the specifics of a research
program and methodology, with all its accompanying apparatus. The
ideology of the scientific image is intimately tied to the ideology of
science in general; I argue that this applies to the everyday photo-
graph - the snapshot, political image, artwork - as well.
Thus it is useful to at least outline the ideology of science and
technology. In this regard I take issue with Braverman's distinction
between science and technology (engineering, etc.) on the basis of
professionalism; I see professionalism as a surface social phenomenon
"over" a deep ideological structure applicable to both. This ideology
structure has at least the following characteristics:


*Quantification:* The mathematization of reality - an alliance
between abstrat mathematical structures, and experimentally isolated
phenomena.

*Parameterization:* The isolation of independent and dependent varia-
bles in the world (i.e. temperature, volume, pressure, etc.).

*Repetition:* The scientific experiment and assembly line are both
based on seriality; even quantification depends on repetitive or
recursive operations.

*Exchange:* In technology, the equivalent units of the assembly line;
in science, the presence of equivalence or tolerance classes in all
areas from taxonomy to particle physics. Exchange, like quantifica-
tion, parameterization, and repetition, is considered ethically
neutral, part of the machinery of the real.

*Feedback:* In science, the Popperian potential for falsification -
the "editing down" of competing theories; in technology, quality
control.

*Formal-Theoretic Reification:* Loosely, the ability to bracket con-
cepts by substitution (comparision, etc.); this may or may not create
a "fit" between a concept or entity, and theory. In psychology, a new
phenomenon may be classified as a syndrome (i.e. "Hearst Syndrome") in
order to fit into a theoretical matrix.

*Data Structures/Taxonomies:* Tabling and warehousing, dependent upon
a neutral system of indexing.

*Specialized Theater of Operation:* This usually partakes of modernist
/reductive construction - the laboratory or factory, for example.

*Socialization:* The presence of discipline-specific modes of distri-
bution of knowledge or materials; the politicization of science in
terms of research programs and methodologies.

*Elimination of Anecdotality and the Specificity of the Subject:* In
this sense, science and technology are "exteriorizations."

*Translatability / The Shift:* A scientific Platonist would argue that
science is not a language, but a reflection (in the Marxist sense
perhaps) of universal structure; its ultimate goal is a transcendent
analysis of the real. This is mirrored by modularity and standardiza-
tion in technology; the translation between English and metric, for
example, is only a conventional but universally-defined mathematical
ratio.


The most suspect term in this structure is "neutral." One might argue
that science itself, at core, is anarchic, one style among many in the
world (see Feyerabend); one might find it, on the other hand, as abso-
lutely reflective, tending towards an ultimately exact (within quantum
limits) universal paradigm. I make a distinction between a Platonic-
ally ideal core structure and human endeavor; if it were not for the
former, "normal" science and technology would not wield the power they
do, and if it were not for the latter, all theories might tend smooth-
ly towards the true, the beautiful, and the good (or some other
equally naive rationalization).

The core structure is simply _the style of the physical world._ The
physical world encompasses objects, but objects exist only in terms of
their modes of representation. "An object is an object for subjects in
a world" (von Weizsacker). "Objects and events are not primitive ex-
periences. Objects and events are representations of relations" (von
Foerster). An hypothesis of the core structure states that relations in
the physical world are ultimately independent or _formally_ dependent
upon the subject; this hypothesis guarantees in practice the irrele-
vance and marginality of the ego. The processes of industrialization
and methodology - in terms of heuristics - of science and technology
are the same in capitalism and Marxism; the theoretic-philosophic
interpretation of theory may be completely different. The latter is
ideological in a textual sense; the former is ideological, paradox-
ically enough, in its ideological neutrality.

Within this structure, the camera functions as a technological device,
a _machine_ with a well-defined input, process, and output. The mach-
inery is independent of content (of specific representations); the use
of the lens guarantees an algorithm - a regulated procedure for map-
ping three into two dimensions. (Here I am referencing the conventional
still or cinema camera, and not for example, the instrument
that would be used in conjunction with field emission microscopy). The
output is a two-dimensional image - more specifically, an "almost"
two-dimensional surface with a differential absorption and reflectance
of light. This surface is _interpreted_ in most instances as an image
(note the expression: "There's no image in this photograph"); the
image is analyzed either directly by a researcher (and this involves
the usual problems of human or machine cognition), or by a scanning
apparatus whose parameters are also researcher-established. This pro-
cessing usually results in a recognition of entities which are
pertinent to the specifics of the experiment (or _stratum,_ etc., for
the descriptive natural sciences). The entities are contextualized in
terms of relationships; this is partially dependent upon the space-
time coordinates of the photograph (at its moment of exposure). All of
these stages - recognition, contextualization, coordinate assignment -
involve a degree of subjectivity. To as great an extent as possible,
this subjectivity is reified, assigned to the margins - one aspect of
the scientific photograph is its relative anonymity - its reproduci-
bility elsewhere, given an equivalent experimental setup.

This anonymity is assumed even in the case of the documentary photo-
graph within such fields as archeology and paleontology - an anonymity
associated with Foucault's notion of the gaze (in The Birth of the
Clinic, quoted by Grosz and McAuley, Camera Obscura 7): "The great
myth of the _free gaze,_ which in its fidelity to _discovery_ receives
the virtue to destroy; a purified purifying gaze; which freed from
darkness, dissipates darkness." The gaze is a gaze _for_ the subject
_in spite of_ the subject; the documentary photograph is assumed to be
_transparent._

Now the relationship between the deep structure of science and the
scientific photograph should be evident - both involve repetition,
metricization, exchange, and the elimination of anecdotality. There
are at least three audiences for scientific images: the researcher or
research group that produces a specific set of photographs; "fellow"
researchers within the scientific community who review and perhaps at-
tempt to repeat the results; and a lay audience whose primary interest 
in scientific images is dependent upon both traditional aesthetics and 
a sense of theatricality. The lay audience consumes these images (color
photographs of galaxies, laser images, archeological finds, Saturn,
macro- or scanning electron micrography of insects or foraminera or
crystals, deepsea photography of shipwrecks or volcanic fissures,
"nature" photography a la Disney or National Geographic, Landsat or TV
weather report images of the planet, etc.) as a spectacle with the
phallocratic underpinnings of (male) exploration, the conquerable
frontier, and the imperial extension of democracy (freedom to approp-
riate) into previously "uncharted" realms. For the lay audience, these
images are scientific emblems; they are treasures brought back from
the unknown. They become associated with humanisms, anecdotality, the
"art" of science, and so forth.

To the extent that the images become anecdotally contexted, they lose
their serial status. (There is a notion of the Masterpiece at work
here.) In the broader aras of art photography, photo-journalism, and
investigation of psychic phenmena, the individual image is also pri-
mary. It is difficult to reproduce psi-phenmena under laboratory con-
ditions; an obvious methodology is to extend the laboratory into the
life-world, just as the authors of the late nineteenth-century British
Census of Hallucinations attempted to do. _Normative_ science is al-
ways bound by the practical limits of quantification; current experi-
mentation into the possibility of proton decay (perhaps over a 30
billion year half-life) or the practical aspects of neutrino astronomy
are evidence of this. The serial, even cyclical nature, of practical
science and technology, involves an high degree of redundancy,
necessary for the corroboration or falsification of theory. It has
been noted (by Quine and others) that _any_ theory can be saved; there
is always an appeal to simplicity - to tensor calculus over a reinter-
preted Newtonian mechanics with additional variables, for example.
This simplicity is not an added-on aesthetic judgement; it is part of
the theoretical heart of science, appearing in the notion of the _ex-
periment,_ which occurs in an isolated "well" eliminating the anecdotal
as much as possible. What constitutes reduction in an experiment is
partly conventionalized; as far as I know, particle experiments do not
take into account the phases of the moon or the love-life of the
research group. Scientific photography, especially in the laboratory,
exists under similar restrictions; Paisley prints and wind-tunnel
images do not go hand-in-hand.

Thus the scientific photograph is part of a seriation; space-time loc-
alized; metricized (a grid across the image surface assumed to exist
in dialectic with the signified); the production of a machine; reduc-
tive; and neutral. It assumes a "smoothing process," a translation
from physical reality vis-a-vis the imaging apparatus to a concretely
interpretable image. The photograph is thus an _inscription_ of the
machinery of reality, an inscription external to the subject in a deep
sense. The image, "outside" of human temporality, exists in _dead
time,_ a time which is abstracted and elsewhere, the temporality of
the Precambrian, the surface of Saturn, the neutrino.

----

In the largest sense, the scientific photography is part of an experi-
mental apparatus. Experiments produce results; these are "read" from
digital displays, pointers, oscilloscope traces, computer outputs, and
photographs. Eventually, it becomes unclear what constitutes a photo-
graph in the first place; does it depend on the lens, on the presence
of silver or other elements (platinum perhaps), on the existence of
film or the camera? Images may be produced from just about anywhere
within and without the electromagnetic spectrum, and the result may be
a traditional photograph, reproducing macro-objects by virtue of
visible light. But more often than not, especially in such areas as
physics and quantum mechanics, the photograph itself is a form of
receptor in the middle of things. An image may be "read" from a series
of dials, just as it may be "read" from a two-dimensional sheet of
photographic paper. Both cases involve learning. On a lay level, we
tend to trust the latter, because of the _apparent_ mapping between
the ostensible contents of the sheet and the visual style of the
world; holography fascinates because of its visual theatrics, not its
technological or theoretical implications.

The photograph, as part of an experiment, as a scientific production, 
is metricized, as we have seen. A coordinate system is "projected" 
upon the image; each object or trace displayed (signified) is given a
space-time location in relation to the space-time of expsoure. The use
of a lens almost guarantees the _machinery of perspective,_ the pre-
sence of a vanishing-point, and the specific location of the camera.
The image must be seen from a preferred and calculable viewpont, a
viewpoint which is assumed to be in a _natural relation_ with the
world. (This assumption is important in crime photography, journalism,
and so forth.) This relation is algorithmic, fixed; the vantage-point
fetishizes the subject. As the landscape photographer _stops moving_
in order to take a picture (dead time), the mobility of the world
recedes; the appropriation is fragmentary and ultimately defused.

(Compare any traditional photograph to a Sung Dynasty painting - Kuo
Hsi's Early Spring, for example. In the latter, a situation of empathy
is created; the _body_ of the spectator enters and leaves the image
almost anywhere; preference is given to the _natural,_ as if
the spectator were non-present. Each section of Early Spring connects
and disconnects with every other; connectivity of space (a smooth
topography for an Occidental observer) is nowhere taken for granted.
Paintings such as this are an inversion of the scientific photograph, a
movement from quantification to both a more abstracted and situated 
space.)

The movement from scientific to traditional photography in this essay
is not arbitrary; the traditional photograph (snapshot, artwork, etc.)
carries the ideology of industrial modernization and science within
it. The Brownie and the cloud-chamber camera do not simply parallel
each other; they both reify, both distort the lifeworld in favor of an
abstracted logos. An _image_ of a traditional society is already the
beginning of Occidental modernization. For an image fixes, tokenizes,
the real. It is important to note here that most cameras use roll
film; each image is numbered in relation to the rest.

(Here I take issue with those who find that the photograph is a signi-
fier of the presence of the photographer. Instead, the photograph can
be considered a signifier of the photographer's _elimination._ Ab-
stration is at the heart of the photographic image, and the image, as
a (Marxist-Leninist) _reflection_ of the real (except in a parameter-
ized sense) is not only incomplete; it is false. The simple experiment
of looking at an old snapshot you took years ago - and re-imagining
the original conditions of its production - demonstrates the distance
between the image-machine and the placement of the body. The photo-
graph demonstrates that anyone and no-one could have produced it; it is
an artifact of an assembly-line, a quick-scan of the world.)

Each image is numbered in relation to the rest: the camera _photo-
graphs_ in dead time, a temporal span condensed into an imitation of
simultaneity. The camera does not "capture" the moment; it collapses
it into a state of non-being. A cloud-chamber experiment can result in
over one million images, perpared, classified, and discarded by mach-
ine.

In addition, the reductivism inherent in the deep structure of science
also exists in the snapshot, etc. Clutter is eliminated or confined
within the boundaries of the print; the photograph brackets and sub-
stitutes, paralleling the manipulation of theoretical entities in
mathematical physics. The photographic image can provide _evidence_ in
relation to theory _because_ it is reductive. (We're not speaking
about fakes, digital image manipulation, etc. here.) There is finally
little difference between one kind of photography and another; even
darkroom surrealism has its scientific parallels.

Photography is, above all, the _art of evidence_ (or at least the art
of the _representation of evidence_); the researcher and lay public
accept this. Evidence, however, is evidence only in relation to
theory, learned perception, and/or other anchorage; the ostensible
contents of the image reflect no Platonic entities, but only the
constructible. Within the realm of scientific theory, construtibility
is experiment- and mathematics-dependent; within the everyday world,
constructibility is primarily based on ideologies embedded in natural
language - the sememes of advertising, bureaucracy (another "nature"),
journalism, and day-to-day colloquial discourse.

The image slips away into the imaginary upon interpretation; anyone
and no-one takes a photograph. The camera reproduces like a dead eye
operating at the limit-point of the gaze. It contains dark space; the
subject/photographer fumbles at the controls, compressing or decom-
pressing that space. For an interval, everything changes; the chamber
is filled, fulfilled with light - then returns to normal. Somewhere on
the outside of the camera, a number changes. Film rolls. The space
returns to silence.


Postscript - It must be understood that this article is an outline at
best. Because of the interstitial nature of scientific photography,
its aesthetics and phenomenology draw on such diverse areas as the
philosophy of science, theories of cognition, phenomenology and tradi-
tional photographic aesthetics. The deepest problem is two-fold: the
relation of theory to image, and the mathematization of reality. The
latter is fundamental to scientific progress - and the former (the
"image-reality nexus") can often be reduced to an analysis of algo-
rithmic procedures. The gap between mathematics and physical reality
(the abstract and material "worlds") is treated different depending on
one's viewpoint (materialist, intuitionist, conventionalist, anarchist,
etc.). I tend towards an anarchism in methodology and a Platonism in
core structure. Dead Time reflects this viewpoint, however contradic-
tory.


+++
