
Fri Dec 17 23:06:56 EST 1999 and starting anew, now an hour later, the
depression has hit again but i've learned more kanji, thinking through
issues of analog / digital lending themselves to issues of serrated
edges, wearing-down, tending themselves towards issues of sliding or
stopping and the signifier and sliding meanings across the kanji as an
example, and then some, being's concealment and the name / naming, thus
reading further and thinking about the fitting, a metaphor of the saw,
its serrations cutting out the sign, creating contour and contour 
enhancement, the specificity of the thing itself, returning tomorrow to
new york, unpacking the tapes and books, working on new projects with
azure, setting up the old trs80 computer and trying to film whatever 
odd appearances the screen may produce. just quick like that and all 
the work is lost, there's no taperecorder, no backup, just the rawness
of speaking writing into the screen through the keyboard, having the
machine respond reading through the screen back into my very thought
thought thought

now the 18th of this month of December and a dark night / flurries out
in deed

Mon Dec 20 23:19:07 EST 1999 Later, back on Saturday, working on another
video last night with the old TRS80 computer, shooting from the tele-
vision screen coupled with reflects of Azure and me, an old technique,
used it before, dim light, then just reading today, working on the trace-
route page, finished it, it will be the gathering-place for all things
related to the traceroute project - at
http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/trace.htm . And feeling dull,
quiet, just reading, the Exodus book (Hebrew, English, Rashi) coming up in
the mail, not yet here. So looking at Kwakiutl things, as well as some
mathematics / programming, it's been very dim / dark out, almost night all
day and I've been allowing myself to sleep, slow down, will probably wake
up far too much later. I want to do more shooting with Azure in the next
few days; I feel a breather, now that the traceroute seems relatively set
up. The tiredness is endemic, I had a thought - perhaps job difficulties
because prospective employers who come to the trace site to check me out -
also check out the diary. I'm a good teacher, honest! I'm terrific and
committed, very wary of ageism. My depressions are my own...

Tue Dec 21 00:58:16 EST 1999 I've been writing (see the lg.txt) about
Intelligent Life Screen Savers, still again, pushing the idea of
life/universe to an absurdity - certainly this couldn't have any idea of
truth to it without a naive solipsism tagging along - but it gives an idea
of a certain sort of inertia/ephemerality - I also appreciate the idea of
life tied to corporate development of one sort or another (that phrase
indicating a loosening of the phenomenon...). I will return to Kant and
learning kanji and the end of all things in the world, in German and
English, and that will be sufficient to round out the night - 

Tue Dec 21 22:58:32 EST 1999 and my body feels almost broken by sex, an
odd state in which the skin seems to be peeling off, not from reading
Kant, which I was doing earlier, in English and comparing/stumbling over
the German, The End of All things from 1794, and I wish I wrote this
myself, from the title onwards/downwards. So the traceroute webpage is
announced and fine, and I finished still another video using the trs80
1980 computer last night, and I've been reading Kathlamat and Coyote tales
as well, trying to write, keep things up to date. These videos are very
odd for me - the ones at the ETC as well - since they have little, if any
text, either scrolling or spoken - they're almost like murmurs or howls of
the world against the world, the pieces trying to fit among one another,
on occasion failing. For me, strange work, the intensity uncanny - I've
been afraid of losing that, but I haven't, I think. Reading a lot of Susan
Steward's Nonsense, Aspects of Intertextuality in Folklore and Literature,
which has a subtextual structuralism to it, making it a fun book; I've
been thinking of looking at Tristram Shandy again, and this relates. And
played a little mandolin for a change, later tonight shakuhachi. 

I wonder about the Webboard; for once, I feel _inadequate_ there, as if I
have nothing to say, have exhausted myself. My interests range from the
theoretical to chat/practical criticism (I.A. Richards' book of the same
title is in fact my favorite), but it's a very practical line that's
walked and there are times I tire of it - I'd want to veer the discussion
elsewhere, and that means effacing, less reading, more egoism than I hope
I'm showing at the moment. So I proceed quietly, hoping I still have some-
thing to offer.

Meanwhile, I'm trying still to organize a drive across the States for late
February/March - showing work at UCLA - but this is looking more and more
doubtful; I don't have enough lined up, times have changed, my work is
less desirable in conservative times, people don't understand what I do no
matter how much I try to describe it, etc. etc. I feel as if I've landed
from another planet, with no place to go except here, rooted in one spot,
in one set of circumstances, until they too decay..

Thu Dec 23 02:38:49 EST 1999 and I worked on one of my harsher texts, it's
at the end of lg.txt at the moment - one I'd been thinking of, concealment
in relation to the body, to protocols, etc. Then did a great number of
photoshop images from the digital shots at the Experimental Television
Center, of Azure - as Nikuko - so balanced these with shots of me as Doc-
tor Leopold Konninger, continuing the work done up there. And played the
Egyptian _nay_ again - this time it sounded really good. Also bought an-
other copy of Rabelais (Cohen translation), since there was a good used
one at the Salvation Army. Last night as well read Tristram Shandy for
quite a while, up through the first special effect - it's been a long time
since I've come across the absolute stasis of its prose. And was turned
down for still another job; I'm becoming one of the blank generation, the
blanking interval between one television line and another when the beam is
darkened, amplitude close to zero, so that flyback stays invisible. I want
to work in the flyback - it would even be worthwhile to have a flyback tv,
with the normal scan lines dark, the flyback bright, cheery, and full of
information.

Fri Dec 24 01:16:41 EST 1999 Reading a work on the Jivaro/Jibaro over
again (I've had this for years), just got Donald Keene's Modern Japanese
Diaries, although this has been out for ages, also an old Schocken Library
Yiddish Proverbs edited by Ayalti, Allen might come over New Year's Eve,
need to read more novels, haven't done music today, sent some materials to
Barry Smylie for another piece, back and forth exchanging, yesterday
watched Alphaville for the 10th time or so - I still love the austerity of
this film punctuated by light/bulbs aimed directly at the camera, this
washed-out feeling in the midst of film noir, the night before saw the
Andy Kaufman documentaries again, want to get the Zmuda biography, there's
another good one out, Rudy Crews the school chancellor resigned here, not
good, given he was an enemy of Giuliani who's just got to be stopped - if
he becomes senator New York will be like the 4th Reich I'm convinced. So
today for the second day got up miserably, there were roofers at work, the
building still being adjusted after 7-8 months, they started at 8 and I
had gone to sleep at 3:30 - it was awful, nightmares, we finally crawled
out of bed at 3 in the afternoon in very bad moods, I'd gotten up over and
over again before, two more boxes of books coming tomorrow, there are
times I just think, what is the medicine that will cure all this, and come
up empty, empty, empty; and my friend has 15 job interviews, I'm waiting
for the first, will have a big party, celebrate, if I get off the planet
alive

Fri Dec 24 21:14:35 EST 1999 Christmas Eve here, dark outside, the connect
is poorly to the Webboard, I put up a traceroute showing something odd in
Leeds, I don't know what, not sure where Leeds is or whether there's snow
on the ground, barren trees, what, or what? Reading into the Philokalia
tonight and did some quoting from some such; it applies to Doctor Leopold
Konninger as best I can figure. The two boxes of books arrived. Read a
book of the cartoonist Leunig, going for more kanji (I never get enough
and never learn it systematically), reading Keene's take on Takuboku Ishi-
kawa's diaries - hadn't realized how the Romaji one fit into the other of
his work. After trAce I would love some time to organize my own writing
and head it towards a cdrom, the whole website - if anyone wants to do
this project, please contact. My Spinoza arrived; I have never read him
systematically, and really need to. Maybe start something this evening.
Brought back Dumas on cooking as well, a very strange book. Mood okay,
even after real disappointment in the South Park movie, which tends much
too much towards the musical, without the edge that Brecht or Steve Martin
(Pennies from Heaven remake) have. Odd, makes the whole film like silly-
nasty bourgeois sentiment in spite of the yah yaah at the very surface of
the thing. I worry I've slowed up too much on the Webboard. Azure and I
are here huddling. I'm getting near ready for working on the trace.htm
materials, after Christmas. I don't see stars in the sky. Sometimes I
think I would be perfectly happy dying while fucking. I would go to heaven
and it would be just like every place I've ever wanted to me. But I want
to see Bryce and Zion National Parks first, I've been to the former,
they're incredible. Then everything will be all right, Seinfeld's already
looking dated and worn out and the images on the television seem to be
missing some of their scan lines...

Sun Dec 26 00:34:17 EST 1999 and too much food, too much Spinoza, too many
Japanese diaries, too much thinking, too much _nay,_ too much shakuhachi,
insufficient time, too much stress. I've decided sometime between now and
May to take at least five weeks off to organize my work, edit the Internet
Text (I need help! Contact me!) and prepare it for CD-ROM, even if there
are no takes. There is too much great material in it - to let it disappear
in the midst of the hundred-odd files. It needs intense organization, I
need the time, I have to take it even if I starve. The work's got to be
prepared somehow... So I've been thinking about that and looking as well
at Eugene Jahnke's and Fritz Emde's Tables of Functions with Formulae and
Curves from 1945, very beautiful - and I haven't got a thought in my head.

Mon Dec 27 00:55:01 EST 1999 to see Man in the Moon, I've always identi-
fied with Andy Kaufman, there are still people asking me what I "do" -
which is probably very low-order culture-jamming, nonetheless twisting
etiquette and literature inside-out at times. So the film resonated and
what fascinated me - the use of the same actors NOW as THEN, the original
cast of Taxi, etc., but with no effort at all to use makeup - they all
look older, Letterman included. With Milos Forman directing, an amazing
film; I walked out shuddering, crying, dysfunctional for a while. Also
finishing a book, Ross and Robins, The Life and Death of a Druid Prince,
The Story of Lindow Man, An Archaeological Sensation. Oh, I dislike this
sort of archaeological inferencing, building and building on importance,
of the find, thereby of the investigators _on the track of something big_
- which might in fact be true, but the conjectures make me repeatedly ill
at ease. So last night practiced the di Giorgio classical guitar I have -
find it very very difficult to play, the strings so loose and distanced
compared to the taut electric fingerboard I use. Tomorrow might trade in
the 1940 3/4 size Gibson, possibly for mandolin or still smaller electric.
I need good instruments at this point, ones I'm comfortable with.

And more and more excited about taking that period of time, if I can find
it and the peace to accompany it, to go through the Internet Text, which
is around 3500 pages at this point. I'd like to cut back at least 800-1000
of them, avoiding redundancy - renaming the files as well, tightening the
whole project up. There are over 200 files, a great number of text files.
I need to keep to the original ascii format, although that could be a real
problem in print, if print ever happens. 

In any case, I feel I'll be working towards a milestone of sorts, closing
up the loose ends of the text, "finishing" it - at least to the level of 
a certain plateau. This will all be after the trAce residency, and I need
my health and hopefully lack of depression to see me through - it would be
a disaster to put it together while depressed. I don't know where the
money will come from at this point; I may not be able to do it. I need a
residency of peace. I need another view than the mall (Stern's is doing
well). Someday I'll be out of here. Meanwhile again it's Azure's and my
six-month anniversary of living together...

Mon Dec 27 22:47:01 EST 1999 and today started editing the Internet Text,
just a preliminary to see what it "feels" like. It's more difficult than I
thought - I took out all the local referencing (i.e. self-reflexive or
diaristic materials) and then thought that maybe I was eliminated a
certain notion of the subject by doing such - but I'll probably continue.
Found out the Gibson was heavily reworked, not worth much, but I bought
new strings for it, and it plays beautiful - also new strings for the di
Giorgio, ditto, also new strings for the electric, ditto, so it was a
guitar day with these instruments and recording with the electric and
Gibson for another collaborative project with Barry Smylie. Now when you
play guitar fast, there is the onset of the muscle movement and the
retard, when it stops, and moving from electric to these loose-strings
classical, I found my hands in pain rather quickly, readjusting to a more
precise retard. On the other hand, back on the electric, I found my hands
in pain as well, emphasizing the single note/tone, and bending it - the
strings are loose enough to take it a couple of full notes easily - all
across the fretboard - so I was playing with that, single-stringing a bit,
and again my hands were pained. So difficult to move quickly from one to
another. And what the Gibson lacks in antique value, it gains in finger-
board value - apparently the board was adjusted decades ago and now the
strings are very very low, snapping, loose like that electric. So I could
play very fast, which I did. But with that retard. Which pained, which I
did. So that the movement was unlike a classical and unlike an electric
and just there. And with a very short neck, I could span at least a fifth
at the bottom of the fretboard. So of course I did. And that pained as
well. So went back online to Trace, all this exhausting, and I am there
largely alone and hello hello hello. So was reading today a book on the
Chinese terracotta army, Rom Harre on the body again, and late last night
some Japanese folktales taken down by Dorson and then Soseki's third
volume of I am a Cat, I've been there forever, picking it up again and
again mesmerized by its relationship to Sterne...

Wed Dec 29 01:29:08 EST 1999 and still hopeful for Traceroute - tomorrow
will send out another announce. Have been reading From Religion to Philo-
sophy, A Study in the Origins of Western Speculation by Cornford, and The
Fundamental Wisdom of the Middle Way, Nagarjuna's Mulamadhyamakakarika,
translated by Jay Garfield, as well as a book on the Chinese terracotta
armies of Qin. I haven't been back to working on the Internet Text, which
seems oddly stale to me - just producing a few new texts, almost literally
to add to the pile. And practicing shakuhachi and that Gibson 3/4 guitar,
strung with light nylon, very fast, flat sounding with a lot of fret
noise.

It has been a bland day, not even the snow flurries have produced anything
- they looked tired right from the start. I put aside a number of books to
trade to Allen, who is sick, and couldn't make it over after all. I've
been working with Barry Smylie on the new piece and am anxious to see what
will happen. I've been talking with Ed Zimmerman over part-time jobs; he
feels I should be able to leave NYC for a few weeks at a time, and for me
at this point, that would be disasterous. So we talk about other things.
I've been on http://slashdot.org more than usual, really like the site,
and notice, even with such a huge group of respondents, how regulars there
make themselves visible, constantly. The day has seemed dark. Last night
watched Little Buddha by Bertolucci, a beautiful and sad film with all
sorts of repercussions - I wish it didn't "star" Keanu Reeves, but instead
had operated with the truth of Buddhism somehow more deeply embedded; in-
stead, the film veered between Hollywood notions of spectacle and Buddhist
asceticism - odd that the Westerner's (father of one of the Lama candi-
dates) emptiness - symbolized by a largely vacant house vis-a-vis modern-
ism - wasn't paralleled by that in Buddha - so the film intrestingly cat-
egorizes various emptinesses, even anomies, disassociations - and for me
the star system itself is precisely one of them. On the other hand, there
is such enormous comfort in Buddhism that it makes me calm at heart, at
least for a few minutes.

Shakuhachi playing has improved quite a bit, I'm working the breath to
spit out complex articulations of notes, repeatedly, as if there were
widely-varying plantings everywhere. And as usual trying not to think too
hard about finances, which always pushes me to the verge of depression. I
remarked to Azure that it's been literally years since I've felt really
healthy, even though I know there's nothing inherently wrong with me, ex-
cept for the odd low temperature periods I have, almost like fugue states
mixed with nausea.

Finally, keeping a diary, just for this short discourse/distance, fascin-
ates me, hoping constantly for readers, knowing these meanderings might
make sense somehow, let someone into my life through a crack in the wall -
because I otherwise find it so hard to describe myself or what I _do._

Thu Dec 30 00:35:16 EST 1999 and more than anything, reading - into the
Middle Way - then an essay by Kant on Universal History, the National
Enquirer UFO report, Hippocrates, Lacanian Ink 7 (I have 12345 7 10 now,
have a page somewhere in 10) which I picked up from Allen along with the
Hippocrates (good Sue Williams material and an article on obsession I need
to read over), found two Landow hypertext books and a biography of McLuhan
at the Salvation Army, as well as Mark Poster's Mode of Information - a
book I love and seem to have misplaced, and Adam's The Latin Sexual Vocab-
ulariy - all of these are wonderful for my work at this point, the immob-
ilization of Nikuko and Doctor Leopold Konninger. So I've been busy and
worn out reading and writing and trying to deal with the traceroute pro-
ject on trAce, having troubles accessing some of the pages here, and I
want to announce _it's happening_ and have to wait until the problems
clear up. Time is very short; the mood in NYC is that of an enormous cur-
tain coming down or going up simultaneously - an odd stasis - which will
result in January 2 ennui and recuperation/recapitulation that will last
until the exhaustion ends - by January 3 once again, we'll be full deep
into the growth stock market or some such. So I hope for some Y2k relief
as does David Suzuki, but I'm not counting on anything here, anything at
all...

Thu Dec 30 22:59:06 EST 1999 received a book on Jewish alchemy from Tom,
and another on science fiction, film, and feminism. Met Mike Gurstein, who
brought me to Nova Scotia twice. They're about to "freeze" Times Square -
Azure and I were there for three hours today, videotaping; this will be
part of a new piece of course. It was an incredibly intense closed-off
media space; I felt the irradiations directly. The quantity and sophisti-
cation of the electronics is amazing; everything moved, throwing the en-
tire space off-kilter, turning into into a _space_ instead of a confluence
of roads. I found out today that Albany has already interviewed - at one
point I was asked if I wanted to apply, and here I didn't make the finals.
A friend feels it was the lack of a Phd.; I also think it's because of
ageism, the sometimes sexual content of my work, its edginess. Sometimes I
celebrate that; I'm proud of what I do, more than I let on; I try not to
be arrogant; I'm doing what I want. But I also feel the work will die as
soon as I do; that it's far too fragile and unsupported in the culture;
that some readers find it obscene, useless, trash, disgusting; that they'd
rather see it completely neglected, swept under the rug so to speak. It's
dirty work; it doesn't fit in; it doesn't try to; it demarcates its own
spaces; it works through new languages; it pays little attention to the
old except for quotation, inversion, all those semiotic operations on or
through time itself. In any case, I'm sick of poverty, not being hired;
I'm a good teacher blah blah blah. Just in case you're reading this and
wonder if I have any credibility at all.

I could have used a better New Year's present than the news.

Sat Jan  1 04:06:16 EST 2000 totally worn out, working the traceroute
project all day, through a dinner with friends, watching PBS, getting all
emotional, looking out at the 4 a.m. mist, practicing music, probably at
this hour not thinking correctly.

I've been away from theory for almost the entire day; I've been very
worked up at times, and Azure's also been intense - I think it's something
in the mist, or the way that Y2k is not a problem, lights are on, just
hidden from view at the moment. trAceroute has been filled with small
narratives; I think the project is an amazing success - some sort of
strange record of and through participants, a novel and a novel - fogged
entries, negations sloughing through the whole. It's odd and will take
some time to think through all of it. But it's there, about half a mega-
byte in two files, will probably grow just a little larger in the next few
days... Azure and I watched the fireworks from the window; PBS has been on
all day, getting increasingly incoherent as time goes on, messing up geog-
raphy, repeating things, becoming more and more hallucinatory. She's
sleeping behind me, I'm sitting here watching on a small micro-television,
going back and forth with traceroute, feeling the cold in the space claw
its way through me... No sunrise in site/sight, but in Indonesia, it's
almost sunset time...

Sun Jan  2 00:28:56 EST 2000 Oh oh oh oh oh 0 0 0 so very tired, emotion-
ally worn out, physically worn out the traceroute still running well &
taken offline so it's finished and anyone can access it now - got a book
by Elizabeth Grosz, Space, time, and perversion, think I had this, and
then Aboriginal Sign Languages of the Americas and Australia, ed. Sebeok
and Sebeok, heh! there they are, this has a lot of stuff by Mallery in it
so will be quite useful here. Went up to Allen's bookstore. Received some
email by Laurie confirming my fears about no employment, ah well. I am
self-hating and boastful. I can't stand to look at myself in a mirror but
I overcompensate with fast guitar-playing. I don't know whether I nurture
trAce or trAce nurtures me or neither. And it's only very slightly foggy
tonight and I wish I knew more about Samoa, PBS signed off with Samoa this
morning, I went to sleep at 6:15, tomorrow need to duplicate video at
Leslie's. It's very very hard to keep going at this point, very hard.

Mon Jan 3 00:56:38 EST 2000 and Leslie (and Tom) not able to do this today
- watched The Whole Wide World about Robert E. Howard, more reading and
writing. This machine, an old Compaq Aero 25 which I use with the shell
account - set itself back to 1980 - had to update it manually, okay, at
least it's still working. Going back recently to listening to shortwave.
Idiotically missed the Chat on Traceroute today and need a break before
other projects come into play. This is all very shorthand. One of the
computer monitors is on the blink - need to either have it replaced or get
it fixed very cheaply - removed it. Today realized how I'm despearete for
TIME and tend to sleep solidly whenever I have the slightest chance - just
too worn out. Tomorrow seeing my painter friend, Emily Cheng; Tuesday,
duplicating; Wednesday, call from Sue and meeting Christy in town - we're
going to be quite busy these few days. And I want to read more - still
trying to understand poles and polars, but probably with the wrong (way
too technical) books. I realize how boring this entry must be; I'm on the
second to the last month of the trAce residency and will bow out for now..

Tue Jan 4 01:01:26 EST 2000, it was wonderful seeing Emily, went over to
Millennium to start trying to arrange a show of the Experimental Televi-
sion material there. Had to buy a new VCR - there's no other way to really
do the duplication we need to send out the work. Reading Elizabeth Grosz
and a book on the culture of the ancient Aegean Islands and A. R. Burns,
The Romans in Britain, An Anthology of Inscriptions, which is amazing.
Also picked up a translation of Wagner's Ring (I've got the Nibelungen-
lied in English and German already) and Walter Kaufman's old translation
of Goethe's Faust, which has the German on one side, almost all book I,
though, with selections from the second. Went back in and put down back-
grounds to the trace.htm and index.htm pages. Most uselessly looked around
for work; there are more places to apply to. But above all, the insomnia
is reaching new and horrific heights; I'm calling the doctor tomorrow to
see if I can get medication for depression and medication for insomnia -
something has to work before I collapse. My situation's not great, but
it's not THAT bad, and yet it appears insurmountable every morning, as if
I were violating myself...

Tue Jan 4 20:48:13 EST 2000, yes it did set this down with an extra space.
Today showed two friends the work we did at the Experimental Tele- vision
Center, uncut, uncensored, to perturbed comments; I thought we were over
the top, but we're way over the top. Which is good, I think, and there is
only one piece to remove, the rest to use for potential showings. I have
a lot of editing to do; it's very strange, thinking visually in terms of
full motion, while working on the Net - the video I do is always heavily
image and sound processed - at the same time usually recordings of live
sessions with almost no post-production. And I can get away with all of
that, without worrying about bandwidth - it's amazing what can be fit
within a frame, even with the older hi-8 camcorders (although I use digi-
tal sound with the V5000). The work is intensely sexual, dark, intersper-
sed with broken language, emergences, and I feel as if I were playing di-
rectly into the Lacanian or Kristevan imaginary. I want the material to
uncurl from within, expand itself... Meanwhile, Trace and the prose con-
ference seem roaring along; I received several new books today, but have
for a change been concentrating on other things. Still, I'll read Poly-
Philo, or The Dark Forest Revisited, An Erotic Epiphany of Architecture,
by Alberto Perez-Gomez; I also bought, yesterday, the Millennium Film
Journal on "The Digital" with articles by Sobchak, Cubitt, Marks, and
Manovich - at least two of whom are well-known in the area. I tend to
favor lesser-known or unknown writers, a dispersion or effusion of view-
points, but the field hardens, as do all fields... Also received the
copies of A.BACUS from Peter Ganick; it features my own work which looks
okay in it, an assemblage called Truth, with materials from the panorama
project as well as various language transformations and more Nikuko/Kon-
ninger material - and Barry Smylie has put up the final version of the
newer stuff as well. I'm going to go and try to sleep. Last night I had
the worst crash in months and months; I can't even go into it. I've been
worried, of all things, about leaks from the plumbing in this loft, break-
ing down the interior walls of the building, making a mess of the plaster
ceiling as well. It turns out that part of the problem at least is from
the downstairs place. And it's raining, howling out. And I'm going.

Wed Jan  5 23:58:35 EST 2000 and saw Christy tonight, ran into Christine
later on, and found a site which at least lists part-time jobs. Met
Christy at the Strand where I bought Roman Readings (old Penguin), Opal,
by Opal Whitely, it's a first edition massacre of the original diaries
(which I love), "done" by Jane Boulton, Stacy Horn's Cyberville (which
I've read but wanted to own), and Howard Pyle's The Merry Adventures of
Robin Hood, an old copy with some illustrations by Wyeth as well. I love
Robin Hood because Nottingham is where He is From and I want to learn all
about Nottingham where Trace is.

On a more serious note, finished up the Nikuko tape, all 64 minutes, from
the tapes that Foofwa, Azure, and I did, and sent it over to Millennium.
We also bought Tibetan prayer flags. I need time to think about my work,
and will take out tomorrow afternoon; I'm too tired, as usual, to think
about much of anything at the moment. So I'll continue with Louisa May
Alcott's A Long Fatal Love Chase this evening after watching the Blair
Witch Project video with Azure. Tomorrow, we're seeing Joel / Rafi Zabor,
author of the award-winning (Pen novel of the year, last year) The Bear
Comes Home, and "my" ex-drummer. In the midst of trying to tidy up. And
stay awake. I feel really dull at the moment... 

Fri Jan 7 02:10:40 EST 2000 reached my 1500+ message today on the Web-
board, which should be some sort of celebration or cerebration - very
strange to have gone this far - I'll probably reach the appropriate 2000
by the end of the residency. And finished the lg / lg.txt as well which I
then loaded on to the Jefferson site, the ANU site, and the Trace site, as
well as changed the appropriate webpages. Today saw Rafi, totally wonder-
ful - we're going to play together again. And talked about Ornette Coleman
and Cecil Taylor and Art Blakey and Russian classical composers and Archie
Shepp and Guiseppe Logan and Albert Ayler and changes in bebop and Sonny
Rollins and Paris and expatriates and Coltrane and Miles Davis and what a
mess with fusion and Marsalis (all of them) and bass trumpet vs. trombone
and my di Giorgio classical guitar and snares and cymbals vs. tomtoms and
Ginger Baker and on and on, wonderful stuff; his knowledge of music, jazz
and contemporary classical, is incredible - he writes about jazz from the
inside out and loves the old New Thing musics and between him and the old
Leroi Jones, who else writes so well? Then practiced music, got physically
sick, read a book on feminism and theater, some plays by Herotsvit of Gan-
dersheim, wrote some, read more Elizabeth Grosz, started thinking about
new Quickcam work, took a camcorder in for repair (out of alignment again
which figures for this older equipment), and put up the Tibetan prayer-
flags. The music talk made me think about rhythm and energy and Taylor's
writing as well and Mingus' writing on the cover of Black Saint and the
Sinner Lady, which we didn't discuss, how much that ENERGY plays a very
intense role in my work even now and here. Last night watched Blair Witch
Project which I quite liked, would like to see a Lacanian analysis of
absence, shifters, masquerades, objet petit a, etc. etc. not to mention
the imaginary - all in relation to the film and its great blankness...

Fri Jan 7 23:41:06 EST 2000 found a Librairie Hachette book, XIXe Siecle
by P. Castex and P. Surer, with very interesting diagrams of writers and
their crises and oeuvre so to speak and it made for a reasonable piece.
Beyond that found more jobs I couldn't apply for, ah well, and spent a lot
of time playing with a quickcam setup we'll use tomorrow for filming. And
out of big ideas for the moment, feeling groggy, trying to keep the de-
pression at bay (I'm seeing a doctor Monday at least for insomnia), and
excited about getting the camcorder back so Azure and I can continue
working. Spent the day also looking at dhtml so that Simon Mills and I can
communicate/work on the Lost site when he's got the time and I won't be
too far behind schedule. And spaced out on the geometry of pole and polar
again. A very odd day, somewhat an off day. Too books for later or tomor-
row - Sciences of the Flesh, Representing Body and Subject in Psychoanaly-
sis, and looking over (again) The Yellow Emperor's Classic of Internal
Medicine, trans. Ilza Veith...

I feel I should apologize for being boring; I'm shaky internally and don't
want to push myself too far. The constant job pressure gives me an equally
constant low-grade depression I'm unable to shake; it sits there and I
worry...

Sat Jan  8 22:17:41 EST 2000 reading Sciences of the Flesh and the Mark
Poster book and bought three books by Collette who I've never read and
thereby feel the lack. I'd say nothing else is new; I feel drained - the
Quickcam work wasn't up to par, as far as I'm concerned - I like what the
compression does to the body, but I didn't like the images and what seemed
a lack of intensity to me. So I might try later tonight or tomorrow, and
will record the whole with a Hi8 camera as well. Azure's been a bit sick,
there are all sorts of flu warnings around - and I'm going to the doctor
on Monday as I've mentioned, may get a shot - if I don't pick up the flu
itself at the clinic.

Today is the sort of day I'd like a cigarette, but I don't smoke. I read
Richard Klein on Sartre's Being and Nothingness in Cigarettes are Sublime
and I read the Sartre years and years ago and thought, this philosopher
has built-in style, as if he were a hero of the Resistance. I had a book
of poems of the Resistance - two small paperback volumes - carried them
around and it made it seem as if literature had _meaning_ in the world at
large, made it seem as if it mattered. I remember Solzhenitsyn talking
about the role of the witness, and read his entire works through the Gulag
Archipelago, which was an amazing piece of writing, so similar to Dosto-
evsky and the Slavophilic viewpoint. And then the latter came out more and
more and it was disenheartening - he was the last of the 19th-century Rus-
sian writers, just as Shestov, for me, was the first of the 20th. But it
was the energy which got to me in all of this - I still write as if every-
thing depended on it, as if writing mattered, and more than this, as if
_my_ writing mattered.

Sun Jan  9 18:22:33 EST 2000 Here's the economy of books in Brooklyn. To-
day I spent $ 7.50 total on books, for which I received, from the street:

Freud, Civilization and its Discontents - I've read this before - have the
Riviere translation, this is the Strachey, paperback, Standard Edition.
The Pocket Mystery Reader, Penguin Books, 1943, paperback, wonderful vin-
tage stuff.
The Selected Poetry of Browning - paperback - wanted to reread him in
light of narratology and postmodernism.
Marx and Engels, On Literature and Art, hardback, standard USSR edition
The Philosophy of Revolt, E. Batalov, in theories and critical studies,
Progress Publishers, USSR, looks like good material on Sartre, etc. - and
I think I may have read this years ago, paperback.
John Dewey, Theory of Valuation, Volume II Number 4 in the Foundations of
the Unity of Science series, Towards an International Encyclopedia of Uni-
fied Science, paperback, this will go with my other volumes in the series
Georg Lukacs, Writer and Critic and other Essays, paperback - I've wanted
a collection like this for a long time.
Huxley's Doors of Perception and Heaven and Hell, one paperback, books
I've read but wanted for the shelf/reference, paperback.
Lucy Dawidowicz, The Jewish Presence, Essays on Identity and History -
I've always liked her writing and there are a number of essays here that
already fascinate me, paperback.
Fernand Braudel, paperback, The Structures of Everyday Life, Volume 1 of
Civilization & Capitalism 15th-18th Century - and
Braudel, paperback, The Wheels of Commerce, Volume 2. I love Braudel! But
haven't owned these volumes (at least as far as I can remember) - this is
a wonderful find...
And Cagnet/Francon/Thrierr, Atlas of Optical Phenomena, hardbound, Spring-
er-Verlag, with full plates, that goes along with my Atlas of Optical
Transforms! Amazing large plates.

And all of this for $ 7.50, and all the books in fantastic condition -
where else but in Brooklyn? In Manhattan, the prices would be higher
everywhere; in Brooklyn, the emphasis seems to be on exchange, reading,
passing things on. I've found books on the street for free - and wrote
about all of this in a text I did years ago about my economy of books, in
and out of the loftspace...

Meanwhile finally did some quickcam with Azure that seems to work - I
scrapped the ones I did yesterday, and we worked as soon as we were up
this morning - the images came out good, corrupted, intense...

Mon Jan 10 22:27:34 EST 2000 where I got a flu shot and prescription for
Paxil when I asked the doctor for something to help me sleep. Also two
prescriptions for my itching ears! - something I picked up in Japan. And
feeling totally healthy otherwise. I'm concerned about the Paxil, which
someone explained to me was related to Prozac; this is the first time ever
I've tried something like this, but if it stabilizes my sleep and gives me
a bit of space to move in during this period, I'll be grateful. At the
clinic I read the Dawidowicz book, which I found fascinating - particular-
ly the discussion on Yiddish, Speer (I read the diaries years ago), and
women in shul. Beyond that, I've been taking care of Azure, who's sick;
I've also been sending out the usual whining letters begging for more $$$
to do this and that - I'm not sure I can or can't travel in March. Things
move laterally in my life. It's been a wonderfully stormy day out, though,
which has been completely cheery - heavy rain squalls and wind, greyblue
dark clouds against the black sky. We persevere and more than anything,
the flu shot and its promise of prevention was inordinately cheering. I'll
read more Le Carre tonight and think of Panama.

Wed Jan 12 18:39:33 EST 2000 skipped yesterday which was a very bad day,
but writing through this now, a series of parables resonating with the
earlier series I did, but more aligned with a certain presence, as well as
texts such as the Nihonji... Three books from Salvation Army today, Henri
Laborit, Biologie et Structure, which looks really interesting (he's a
surgeon), published in the idees nrf series - also a BIG YAY!, Essays on
Linguistics, Language Systems And Structures, one of the old 1980 Progress
Publishers books from Moscow, a collection of really interesting essays by
"Members of the Institute of Linguistics, USSR Academy of Science." There
is a LOT on phenomenology and morphology in it. Finally, as well, The
Death of Art, ed. Berel Lang, with a lead essay by Arthur Danto - this is
a bit old, 1984, but looks fascinating as well. So quite pleased with all
of this. We watched an anime, Metal Idol Key, and will look at a 1935
silent film, Sisters of the Gion, later tonight. If I can I'll work with
Azure on digital photography, the Mac, Photoshop, etc. Went to the dentist
today which was fun as usual (I mean that literally) - had the laser used
on me again, again my mouth smoked and I smelled of good roast beef, and
again it made me hungry... Tomorrow my daughter comes, tonight hopefully
Le Carre, linguistics, Nihonji, and some sorely-needed shakuhachi play...

Thu Jan 13 21:00:53 EST 2000 a long day and waiting for Joanna to arrive
and setting up a new second-hand humidifier and reading Kittler on film,
working on another parable. These don't come easy; they're askew, as if
from mist, the description has to be intense but somewhat 'off' in order
to succeed. Looked up Riemann's Zeta function which someone had mentioned
on the Poetics list. Azure is a bit sicker, I'm not feeling all that well
and there is wonderful cold weather outside, very bitter, almost blasted.
Found Ciardi's Dante's Inferno - read this version when I was a kid - and
Unamuno's Abel Sanchez, which I haven't read, as well as Marx for Begin-
ners - one of the comic book series - I'm curious about it. Have been
looking at the other Marx/Engels volumes recently.

I wonder more about the shattering of self and the manner in which a par-
able can create the sense of wholeness again, suturing sky and earth -
almost along Heideggarian lines. It's the effect of a gem or crystal ball,
_that_ object which embodies the world as a whole, refracts it. It's a
form of seeding, self-reproduction, memetic. And every word has to be
polished so it may turn successfully in on itself, reveal interiors, open
the world to reflectivity.

Nikuko is ideal for me; it's me traveling those paths, never staying any-
where too long, bringing the weight of the world with me, controlling rage
and depression, witnessing brilliant beauty, taking myself into unknown
spaces, bringing Nikuko back, alive, and thoughtful.

Sat Jan 15 03:02:13 EST 2000 having missed this for a short time it ap-
pears to me.. My daughter Joanna is here; I've been playing an old Moog /
Realistic audio synthesizer I found for $20 at, of course, the Salvation
Army - and using it for Quicktime video shortly. It's enormously cold
here. I'm working on parables. There is very little new to talk about.
I've finally got a full sound system wired up for working with all this
older equipment, running around the computer system as well. The temp-
erature outside is probably around 15F at the moment. I'm surprised I can
still play keyboard. The audiowork is going great at trAce - I'm worried
it might take up too many megabytes. Parables have seized me; there's very
little escape. The temperature in the loft here is falling, falling. My
mood has gotten better at long last, maybe the Paxil is kicking in. I feel
a bit disjointed. 

Meanwhile I want to look into the phenomenology of analog machinery - it's
something I've written and lectured about before - and the Moog will give
me the chance to practically apply this knowledge. I've worked on Moogs,
Buchlas, and Arps, and our group in the late 60's built our own machine.
I've also worked on any number of digital synthesizers of course, but
haven't used the analog ones for a long time. I'm quite excited by this -
already dealing with unsteady signals, feedback, etc. etc. I think the
world is in dialectic between one and the other, between light and dark
matter, between information and substance, all of these, an inviolate
vault of ontologies - (I might have said epistemology, but it goes a step
further...)

Mon Jan 17 19:02:18 EST 2000 and still worrying/working the parables. My
daughter is leaving here for a few days. I feel slightly feverish, but
I've been working on music as usual, also reading much as usual - a book
on Utamaro, a book by McFarland called The Rush Hour of the Gods, A Study
of the New Religious Movements in Japan - I forget what else. Yesterday
running around Manhattan, visiting, going to two used bookstores in bitter
cold. And there's little to write here. The Traceboard had 52 messages
when I logged on earlier; by the time I set them to mark all read, there
were 80. Too many to really deal with - I wonder what will happen if the
trend continues this way.

I can't shake the problems with low temperature I've been having. I don't
know if the Paxil's kicked in. I worry about the health of my parents. I'm
expecting mysterious packages in the mail; will one of them be a bomb? I
worry about blowing up, a huge storm of machinery, flesh, and books pour-
ing out the third-storey window here. And more tomorrow as usual, or at
least usually as usual...

Wed Jan 19 00:51:13 EST 2000 long mood synthesizer music mixed with far
too many messages answered on the webboard, feeling ill again in violently
cold weather and just trying to lie very low and read, write, theorize, do
music. Wrote an intro to Mike Gurstein's book yesterday and pray for the
best. Did the proofs on the article for parallax and am sending them
back. Jerry Everard's book arrived, but I missed the delivery. Feel far
too deeply exhausted to say anything intelligent but wonder if I'm fever-
ish, more than usual...

Thu Jan 20 23:06:19 EST 2000 and I've picked up the book, two others came
in from trAce for review, and I'll review them all together - an issue of
Angelacki and a book on hacking, also published by Routledge. Feeling ill
again as usual, and working on parables constantly/consistently. Last
night looked at all the video Azure, Foofwa, and I did - with Foofwa over
- I wrote a text about the darkness and slipperiness of it all - meanwhile
not so good news from home (parents) and sickness, and my brother is
coming in the day my daughter leaves. So it's an incredibly busy period,
and I keep going into deep sleeps over the stress of it all. The Webboard
is also picking up to such an extent, as I said, that I can't follow all
of it - which leads to the question - how does one in fact navigate or
reply to all of it? Making sure one has missed nothing 'of importance'?
Can one? Are there messages specifically meant for one? Since January 6,
and now it's the 20, in other words, about two weeks, I've written four-
hundred replies - this is absurd, over 25 a day. I'm at 1896, and after I
reach around 2000, I'll have to cut back; there's other work I have to do,
including working on the Lost program with Simon Mills, and generally
winding down at trAce during the last month - as well as writing those
reviews. This is all a fair amount of work. But in the meantime, Paxil or
no, I can't see straight, and my life is so cluttered that the parables
remain the alpha and omega, in other words, the bandwidth of creative work
offline, not counting the sound and video pieces.

Sat Jan 22 23:20:42 EST 2000 reading those three books on cyberspace, and
more later. I'm returning with Azure to NY tomorrow; my brother is coming
in with his wife. My exhaustion has deepened which worries me. I wrote to
fiction-of-philosophy, that if tragedy is ikonic, comedy is indexical -
that the former is in other words, of the real, superstructural only to
the extent of reflection (i.e. marxist reflection theory, however outmoded
that is) - and that the latter references the manipulation of the symbolic
from the distance - one can consider the index literally a stick figure.
Beyond that I'm thinking of the relationship between Chinese dinners and
takeouts for hackers/hacking scenarios in relationship to Sartre's cafes,
and what both imply in terms of alterity, foreclosure, and membranes. So
my work is cut out for me, theoretically, for the next few days, and I
think I'll spend some time back in the city reading about the Choctaw. If
this is the last message in the diary, be assured something happened to me
on the way back, but no chance of that and little snow in the forecast..

Mon Jan 24 19:27:43 EST 2000 working on the reviews of the Jerry Everard
book, plus Taylor's Hackers, plus the Angelaki issue of Machinic Modula-
tions. And trying to get several other projects out; the family contacts
end tomorrow and there is a bit of time to think clearly about all of
these things. I'm also reading The Whole Internet book again for teaching,
and my Source Material for The Social and Ceremonial Life of the Choctaw
Indians, by Swanton. From Pennsylvania, I brought a number of books back,
including Montaigne in French and English, and 4 out of the 5 volumes (I
don't own the 5th) of Ruskin's Modern Painters, as well as Suppes' book on
Axiomatic Set Theory. Again I want to ponder on the notion of negation; it
always seems critical to my work, along with binary relations - and for
that I've brought back the book I have on Groups and Groupoids, as well as
the book here on Binary Systems. So a lot of material to go through. Today
went to the Jewish Museum to see a show on Berlin modernism and Jewry -
discovered the work of a painter I didn't know, Lesser Ury, which fascin-
ated me. Also added Dreamweaver and PaintShop Pro to my desktop, experi-
menting with the latter last night, filters/colors, etc. All of these com-
bine to give me a relatively dense desktop again - but I need these to
continue working through certain notions of image and imaginary I have.

What excites me is the reading I've got to do, as well as the continuation
of the parables for a while longer, enough to create a substantial text of
mirrorings and moorings slipped from moorings, anchors from anchors,
anchorages from anchorages...

Tue Jan 25 23:31:24 EST 2000 all relatives having left, I sleep a lot
today and read Haruo Shirane, The Bridge of Dreams, A Poetics of 'The Tale
of Genji,' as well as run rings around other literatures; there was a bad
snow (still on) and I couldn't go out to Bloomfield. So very quiet and
just thinking through the parables - Peter Ganick has offered to bring
them out in a chapbook, and I'm thrilled. Chapbooks are never sold, are
too small for shelves, but at least allow me to hand something out to
people who are interested, which is about the best I can do at this point.
And I've discovered I have twenty projects to do at this point, many too
many, but I want to follow through on all of them. Millennium has also
offered a show of the Nikuko tapes today, for February 25 or 26, and I'm
thrilled with that - Doctor Leopold K., Nikuko, and the Male Dancer will
all come to life for an audience.

And still reviewing the books, reading like crazy, but did take time out
for a Dashiell Hammett novel, I needed the break. It's in The Pocket
Mystery Reader, a quite old paperback with a lot of twisted stories,
inherent colonialism, racism, sexism, but lean dialog and all -

I've decided to withdraw on commenting on some people's works on the Web-
board; it was absurd to feel I could be constructive literally across the
board, and it took too much out of me, did little good. So I'm being more
selective at the moment, trying to see where I might be of use, and where
I can be of use without exhausting myself.

And feeling the sharp pains of beginning carpal tunnel and hoping they'll
go away...

Sat Jan 29 02:53:31 EST 2000 today reading Troubairitz by Anne Waldman
from 1992, and part of Evans-Pritchard The Nuer; the former fascinates me,
related to writing into the Bardo-plane during a 49 day sojourn, the
length of time for conscoiusness to enter new-birth. And I found as well
Shen Fu, Six Records for a Floating Life. Meanwhile the parables continue;
I meditated on images of the Kintai bridge before writing the last one,
and keep going back and forth among images and sounds before setting these
forth. The shakuhachi helps a great deal; my playing is beginning to get
somewhere, almost like a fluttering of tones. I also received a catalog, a
couple of days ago, from Robert Horvitz, of his drawings, which I
published in 1977 in Individuals: Post-Movement Art in America; there are
new drawings in the catalog, of course, after a gap of twenty years. They
are as single-minded and intense as the others. We also watched a film,
The Thirteenth Floor, and I began writing an article for Art Paers on Net
Culture, as well as taking notes for the book reviews. So it's been a busy
day; last night we went to sleep at 7 in the morning (this morning) after
looking at There's Something About Mary, which I'd wanted to see. And I'm
on and offline all day with panix.com today - first trying to get the
problem there straightened out, and second, trying to find away around
it. I'm worried I might have to buy another modem, which I can very ill
afford, but the connection is usually horrible for me, still suddenly cut-
ting out without warning. Even now I find myself nervously saving this as
I'm writing it, so I don't lose too much if telnet suddenly quits on me.

Everything is about energy; mine's out of control, in too many directions,
sputtering all the time, trying to keep the anger down as well, keep the
exhileration up. Still on that Le Carre novel, with his very odd style,
and the longer I read Le Carre, the odder his seems to be - but I'm doing
too many other things - a book by Jean-Luc Nancy, The Experience of
Freedom, for example, and staring at the very old (1972) Programming and
Meta-Programming in the Human Biocomputer, by Lilly, which might have more
meaning now than back then -

Sun Jan 30 22:23:13 EST 2000 the third piece with Barry Smylie is almost
completed and ready for announcement; each pushes the boundaries a bit
more than the others. We'll see. Meanwhile have been scurrying around the
loft looking for a proper definition of yamabushi; I finally settled on
itinerant priest, after ascetic and monk seemed too out of sorts. Went to
look at modems, but didn't buy anything. Last night watched Tarkovsky's
Stalker and also yesterday finally made the music tape with the Moog,
using the Mood's random setting for the waveform - I figured this would be
true-random, not pseudo-random, tied into the planet in a different way -
I let it run, working the synthesizer slowly for a piece about twenty
minutes long. Very pleased with it, although it's taken away from my gui-
tar playing. Other than that just reading, watched the Superbowl to see
Tennessee finally make it a game and then lose by a yard or so; the com-
mercials weren't as good as I had hoped. Digital effects only go so far in
this world and then one returns to death and the real, not necessarily in
that order. So next week's chat is on my work, and people were asked to
read this diary; not that there is anything to hide, but why? I'm not sure
what it records except depressions, exhileration with Azure, shakuhachi
phenomenology and meanderings, an endless litany of books, and tinkering
with equipment... And I made a big $20 today helping someone determine
that it was probably plaster dust that was stopping her cd-rom from work-
ing. Outside, snow with huge flakes; rain; sleet; quarter inch of ice on
the way; weather all around, it's wonderful...

Tue Feb 1 01:09:56 EST 2000 Just about finished Shen Fu's Six Records of a
Floating Life, which contasts with other Chinese literature I've read but
sounds very much like a Heian diary, floated into layerings. And I've also
been looking at the Papago songs book; between the two of them (and Basho)
I've been thinking about song and its relation to Nikuko and Izanagi and
for that matter, issues of gender, 'orientalism,' and philosophy as they
relate to critique or exposition of the parables. But meanwhile, as has
been the case, I find that HyperTerminal goes down; I lose the train of
thought; I find myself now constantly battling technology, repeatedly sav-
ing documents such as this in the midst of writing them because of paran-
oia I'll lose most of what I'm saying. I _have_ lost whole pieces this
way. On the other hand, I'm constantly losing continuity by having to re-
vert back into the surface level of the apparatus. But I've written about
this before - the difference is that previously it would occur when I'm on
the road - now the mess continues here on the desktop.

So I can speak quickly and brokenly, just as Barry's and my piece is
called 'broken.' Gender - Nikuko which translates as 'meat girl,' someone
writing about her 'stitched together' - for me the demiurge/stronger of
the two, in spite of the mythological status of Izanagi. So she is more
than human, close to death/organism. 'Orientalism' - I couldn't set these
anywhere in this country; there's no concept of interval or space that
works and to import is somehow in contradiction literally of tax and
zoning statutes. Japan has pathways that I respect from a distance, place
myself within, not with any sense of 'spirituality,' but as openings, half
in exile, half in whatever truths come from meditation, portals, even if
they open only onto the identical tableau beyond. And as I write this,
another local parable here, the connection begins to go out again, I can't
see what I'm writing, what the content is. Philosophy, thinking about
deconstruction, phenomenology, the philosophy of naming, withdrawing from
names, Kripke, Wittgenstein, etc. But meanwhile, as you can tell, this is
a broken diary entry - how could it be otherwise? So tomorrow I will go
and spend money I do not have to spend, always worrying at this point
about what will happen to me / us, and buy a modem which may or may not
make a difference, so I can think correctly while I type into this screen
in front of me...

Wed Feb 2 00:19:30 EST 2000 Oh the parables, reading Classical Japanese
Prose (Chomei's Hut), back to A Popular Dictionary of Shinto, Basho, very
tired, listening to the Moog piece I made a few days ago - it creates some
sort of odd pressure on the head which I find of interest. Over to Tom's
and got copies of the announcement for the Millennium show to pass out -
that's in about three and a half weeks, quite soon. We still have to do
another edit. And finally I think may have licked the modem problem with a
packet designed for another modem, but one that seems to work here in any
case - I haven't been kicked off line since I installed the drivers, etc.
Tomorrow there is a linux convention, which I'm looking forward to. Got
the book Cybertext in the mail and as of yet have no idea what to make of
it, beyond its academicism. And did receive a formal invite for the Albany
conference - I'm now trying to juggle all sorts of things to make these.
It will be a very strange fall.

Today was very quiet and just working; I went out looking at other modems
and decided against them. I read and wrote here and was on the phone and
email with the panix.com support staff. I envy people now who use Macs -
or at least who are heading towards the appliance model of the Internet;
at my end, everything remains difficult, and I found myself deleting and
copying files, etc., trying to make everything work. I still have a group
of absurd duplicates lying around.

No guitar practice, just shakuhachi against the Moog today. Tomorrow, get-
ting announcements from Tom. The day after, my birthday, and a few people
will be over; I'll be 57 and supposedly over the hill. The older I get,
the more ageism I run into, the more I hear about it from others. Eventu-
ally, I'll crawl back under dhtml!

I feel I'm missing my philosophical work, too engaged in other things, in
the mu and ma of the parables. I want to look again at halfgroupoids, and
my concepts of couplings and linkages, and relate all of these to that
idea of a chain of identities, i.e. eee not= e - in other words, the sim-
ultaneous carrying out of identity operations over a span of length n or a
fuzzy span (whatever), leading to error or a minor deviation, so that the
operator (combinator) is ultimately non-symmetric and non-associative.
This has to come a bit later, and in these areas I feel so incredibly ig-
norant; I wish I were part of a team, dealing with these things, all of
which are interrelated with the phenomenology of the real and virtual (as
if there were a dichotomy or difference).

A minor note here - I worry about the Paxil, about the effect it might be
having, a leveling of anxiety, highs and lows, perhaps libido (although it
doesn't seem that way). There are times I feel like paste, but that seems
to be the result of exhaustion; the last few days, the nightmares have
returned, myself furiously 'at' myself, not giving me a moment's peace...

Thu Feb 3 01:29:39 EST 2000 This is the day of my birthday; I celebrated
by going to the Linux Convention downtown. There I got copies of Mandrake,
Debian, Slackware, Corel, SUSE, LinuxOne, and Caldera Linux, as well as a
number of other disks of all sorts - I've been playing with these, but
none really to my satisfaction - the nearest neat install in Windows is
the Phat 2.3 Linux which does pretty well. I think that the LinuxOne is
based on it. So I've been installing and uninstalling in Dos directories
but will probably end up with Caldera to complement the Slackware - Cald-
era has partition and bootup programs that seem great. And the convention
itself was wonderful, filled with nerds/hackers/geeks/ or at least people
who didn't look like they just stepped off the businessclassairline, and
there were pinball machines to play. So I ended up getting a Happy Hacking
Keyboard which I'd wanted - it's very tiny and a lot faster than the
larger ones and it feels better as well. There you are. I've been busy
with the hardware to the point of an enormous headache, very little theory
today which is fairly depressing - maybe I can make it up later this even-
ing. I don't know... By the way I do recommend this keyboard, which is
designed for use of the control key and doesn't have a whole lot of extras
on it - very slimmed down with a function key, so something like a laptop
but with a really good touch. And it's so small, it's taking up almost no
space on the desk, but the keys are full size, etc. etc. 

Anyway, I want to do 36 parables before quitting, and no idea how or when
these should go and therein lies the problem, nearing the end now, and I
see Izanagi and Nikuko wandering and don't want to count the number of
parables, which I am, and don't want them to stop; they are teaching along
the way, creating along the way, there are worlds they are building, and
so forth, and I'm recording what they're doing. I live half in this fic-
titious country, which is in reality quite empty - you just have to
compare all of these texts say to Basho's wanderings, where there is
considerable detail and reference to Japanese history - I have none of
that, but only the slightest mention of things, more like gaps or spaces
in the text, again intervals and emptiness, ma and mu, accompanying me.
Yet this isn't theory, this isn't theory - therein lies the rub, on one
hand these are very difficult to write, and on the other, perhaps all too
easy to avoid statement. I don't know, it all makes me morose, and I have
so much to do, I can't think straight. About 3/4 of the people we invited
over for tomorrow have cancelled out because of commitments or just plain
Brooklyn, and I imagine there will be two showing up, Oh the shame of it
all! heh!... 

Fri Feb 4 20:01:39 EST 2000 It was actually the latenight earlymorning of
my birthday; today is the evening of the 4th, and I skipped a day through
all of this. I've been working with Linux and finally installed Phat Linux
3.2, which went in with a bit of difficulties - I was able to access the
DOS directory from it, and so could go into the Slackware Linux and move
some files out of there - configuration for minicom among other things.
And I was finally able to get KDE to open with full resolution and color -
so I've been using Gimp for image processing instead of Adobe, and it's
continuing to fascinate me. Setting up the KDE was interesting; there was
a real problem with screen synchronization and I thought I'd have to redo
the whole install. I couldn't see much of anything - there were all sorts
of letters flashing all over the place. But I managed to go in literally
blind and reset the inittab so that I could back out of the screen setting
and it worked on reboot. Phatlinux sits by the way in a DOS directory and
is stripped down - no emacs and no ppp - which are real limitations. But
it does allow access, and is complete other than that - I've moved games
and all sorts of things over from Slackware. With Phat, there's one large
MOO-like binary file containing everything as an image, including the
kernel - with Slackware, there are DOS-readable files, a very different
system. Phat can read Windows easily, but Windows can't read Phat. Slack-
ware can't read Windows easilly, but Windows can read Slackware. So it
goes. Meanwhile of course I'm learning a lot about the phenomenology of
operating systems with all these installs. I did give up on LinuxOne and
?kt the moment I'm not going to install Caldera allMefo
- I'm letting that line stand as is - the connection broke in the midst of
it - you can see the noise... Meanwhile, I'm having too much fun (did I
say that already?) and will leave Caldera off, at least for the moment..

Trying to do too much - some online copy-editing work, the book reviews,
something on sound and text for a book, the usual theory, trAce, config-
uring here, etc., all at once, and running ragged. So I'm reading a
Japanese murder mystery and looking at the books of course and practicing
shakuhachi more and more, anything to keep a level head through all of
this...

Sat Feb  5 22:14:54 EST 2000 Everything now runs on phat 3.2 but ppp which
doesn't seem installed at all; that's ok - I can write (as I am now) in
minicom, upload and download, etc., and then return to Windows for the
ppp. Meanwhile I get use of Gimp, the Gnu image manipulation tool, which
is really incredible - from the outside seems as good as Photoshop. And I
like the filters, some of which I haven't seen before. 

The Japanese novel is All She was Worth, which I quite like, by Miyuki
Miyabe. We went out looking for books and other things today - I got
Pascal's The Provincial Letters (have these in French and I think per-
haps some in English, not sure) - as well as Hsun Tzu's Basic Writings -
from 312 BC - there's a section on music and a section on the Rectifica-
tion of Names (I wish I knew more about this and the theory of names
behind all of this!) - also the first volume of Longer Scottish Poems. I'd
had the second volume, but not this - and this is the one I've wanted,
with Dunbar and others in it. Julie downstairs also gave me a copy of the
Index on Censorship, an issue dealing with 1989.

I'm sure some writing will come out of all of this. Hsun Tzu interests me
because of the ontology of music and theory of proper names and 'proper
proper names.' The Scottish Poems are great - I've always liked Dunbar,
although he's difficult to read... And this Pascal, I haven't read - I
love the Pensees, which I have in a few different editions; they inform my
work - as does the odd comment on Pascal that when working on the cycloid
he had to be tied to his chair, because he felt that there was an abyss
opening up by his feet. Very odd and true, especially given the realms of
mathematics and mathesis.

Every so often I feel I'm finding my way around theory, that I'm getting a
hold on things. I've got that feeling now, with all the material I've been
writing, and leaving holes - the parables have holes all over them - for
something inexplicable, the absenting of language, the flux. But then
something will come along and I'll feel absurd, realize I know less than
before, almost nothing, and I'll crawl out of the Parmenidean mud, and
start all over again...

Sun Feb  6 19:58:30 EST 2000 Today I did the chat interview, which I found
difficult to some extent - I couldn't say all I wanted to or go into
things in any complexity, and there was so little time! At the end of it
my shoulder hurt from typing I think - but it might have been from the
Happy Hacker's keyboard as well - it's incredibly fast but my shoulder has
to be swiveled in to use it properly. 

In any case we stayed in pretty much today, just reading and doing online
work; it was cold out and I have too much telecommuting to do. I feel
dull. The roof needs repair - we woke to filthy water on one of the elec-
tronic keyboards - I have no idea whether it was damaged (it needs to be
set up to test). There are also unnerving wetspots above the bed. I keep
thinking this corner of the building is falling apart, exposed to the wind
and rain, etc. etc. 

I have little thinking today. I did assemble and write a piece on the
relationship of sound, speech, and language, for a book last night, and
sent it out - it uses everything from the recent parables to things I did
in the phatlinux system to new writing. Agani, this is something I could
go on about for days - it was hard to condense everything. 

And there's nothing else - just work, reading and writing today. The chat
by the way did go really well, given those contraints (and the fact that
someone was banging on the roof, testing the beams!). I think, say, in ten
years, we'll be able to meet easily, aurally, and that will speed things
up - I'd be able to talk and forward documents/images at the same time.
For that matter, video streaming might be a practical reality for everyone
as well...

Tue Feb  8 01:45:34 EST 2000 Here I am writing in terminal in kde in phat-
linux with the setup incredibly easy to read - I'm still using minicom
since I can't get the pppd to work. xv, an image reader, is beautiful, as
is Gimp, whose filters are amazingly configurable - I recommend it to
anyone working in graphics. In the meantime, I was feeling sick again
today so I didn't go to the dance concert - I also had to deal with the
leaks and a 33 Motorola modem that was acting up. Did buy a copy of the
Koran and am reading the Cow; the position of women within it as you know
is problematic, but I never examined those passages carefully before. I
would like to have a very literal translation of the Arabic; I'm always
hesitant to make any sort of judgement about any text in translation.

Meanwhile the Phatlinux people - who gave me the disk - haven't written
back about the pppd problem. I'm too ignorant to replace kernels, etc.,
and don't really want to mess with that aspect of the system. I did remove
Slackware zipslack, since I won't need it at this point, and do need the
330 megabytes of hard drive space that has opened up.

Again, a somewhat dull day. I've developed ideas of the "Sector" and the
"Interval" but I don't know how far I really want to carry these - they're
too cyberpunk, and that's not the intention. Instead I'm thinking of a
psychoanalytical topography, the interval closed as in x] and open on the
other side as in 

                       subject ] interval ]

which seems to me a fair statement of position - from the viewpoint of the
external subject, the brackets are reversed:

                       subject [ interval [

in other words open for the subject, closed for the interior of the
interval and open at the other end of the interval, by which time 
the subject is at a loss, aphanisis, say -

Thu Feb 10 02:31:31 EST 2000 late at night or early in the morning; today
I began reading the Life of Saint Teresa - I now understand both Lacan and
Bernini. The book is far more interesting than I thought it would be; I'm
concentrating on those portions dealing with ecstasy and images which
easily translate into the imaginary - her term of Water/s. I wish I had
the Spanish - not that I would understand it, but at least I'd see the
force of her sentences. Beyond that, I was reading parts of the Koran
which as I mentioned I found difficult; I'm surprised, at least in this
translation (Penguin) at the forcefulness of the writing, its insistence
and clear-cut divisions among believers and unbelievers.

I can never make divisions; it's religion's duty to establish the sacred,
"place a hedge around the Torah" - within which there is another language
and another way of being altogether. I think these divisions are essential
to being human - again, that gets into a theory of language, protolanguage
and gesture in relation to the flux of the world, "its style." Culture is
a singular form of particulation into the symbolic.

Just as signs leak, so do roofs; ours was repaired today already, a new
roof placed upon the old. The thickness of the tar layers is an archaeol-
ogy in itself. So I continue writing - in a style which is reminiscent of
the Talking Heads song - a few posts on Sector and Interval, looking for
the phenomenological horizion that will suture it all together. And I
continue as well with the telecommuting work, the guitar practice, the
very peaceful (at this point) shakuhachi practice - it's beginning more
and more to sound like Steve Lacy's soprano - and the sporadic reading,
trying to intensify the last, back into it. There are less than three
weeks to the end of the residency; I feel already as if I'm being cast
adrift, since I have no community in the real world - I'm just a product
of virtuality at this point. The friends I have in the real world are
themselves disconnected from each other - they have no relationships for
the most part - so I'm wandering with Azure - who is also cast apart in
other ways. If it wasn't for the physicality of dance/music/video I'd be
lost, almost a ghost-figure; at least I'm productive to the point I can
feel the strings buzzing beneath my fingers; I can fall asleep to a ghost
solo that I know I can play in the morning...

Fri Feb 11 02:04:01 EST 2000 One very minor thing I note - I like to have
strings of commands on a command line so that I can just run them one
after the other without thinking. For example - to enter this etc. I did:
{k:3} cd trace; date >> diary3.txt; t; cd; pico zz - which allows me to
put the date above, send this off to trAce, go back to the home directory
and open a file called "zz" which will be a text. The last also leads to
the following: {k:4} new zz; cat lh zz > lh.txt; t; mv lh.txt lh; rm zz; m
- this sends zz to my mailbox, adds zz to lh to make lh.txt which is then
uploaded to trAce; rename lh.txt lh (which is the standard file name I
use); remove zz; go to my mailbox to send off zz wherever (usually to Cyb-
ermind and Fiction-of-Philosophy).

Proofreading and shakuhachi today and went to an opening with the painter
Emily Cheng, a very good friend - it was Nancy Haynes' work, excellent and
something I want to write about since it's connected with Buddhist notions
and I'd like to do something re: that, that _doesn't_ get Orientalist - I
have some ideas. Read more Koran on the way out and back; the fierceness
and clarity of the text I find disturbing. Also reading more of The Life
of Saint Teresa, big religious day so to speak, for an unbeliever. And
more thinking about the reviews for trAce of the various books scattered
about here.

Meanwhile I'm still thinking about intervals, but also the form "you may"
etc. - which I've been using recently in my writing - the two intermixed -
and creating this illusion of empathy and softness, permission and per-
missability...

Sat Feb 12 02:44:59 EST 2000 Went to the Brooklyn Chinatown area and found
two books of woodcuts of traditional mountains, streams, etc. and almost
bought a book translating grass writing into standard ideograms - I'll
pick that up next time. And that is about it. I'm still in Linux, very
tired, watched finally Salt Lake City Punk, which was terrific and made me
realize how much I miss that energy around me; I think that Brooklyn's the
twilight zone and get tired of exhausted or grown-up friends. Reading
O'Reilly's new magazine Linux Technology, Volume 1, Number 1, 2000! on
Clustering - some very good technical articles about parallel computing
vs. parallel processors. Very interesting and to be recommended. Meanwhile
I've been stressed out today after the opening; I can't say how much I
long for community, how even the odd community of trAce has provided a
place to experiment, how most of the time I'm absolute isolated. There's
nothing I can do about this, but it does prohibit me from, say, the tech-
nical collaborations I would like (I have ideas for everything from LISP
programs on), to any kind of exchange about my own work, any kind of dia-
log. All such are found within institutionalizations, usually university
structures; I'm out in the cold. I know this is a dying and dysfunctional
repetitious theme here, but I'm living with the constant depression that
isolation and poverty bring. On the other hand, I was asked again to par-
ticipate in e-zines (two more) and a possible magazine as well - this
happens all the time and the publications online and sometimes offline
occur as well, and nothing builds, nothing builds... By now you must be
tired of this; for me, it's been a day of physical and mental pain -

Sat Feb 12 23:54:08 EST 2000 Azure on Photoshop, we took photos with talc,
more reading today, music, three copies of Current Anthropology, I notice
an article on a Mt. Carmel cave, they're still finding more and more Mous-
terian; I remember holding some flint tools in my hand, but that is ano-
ther story. And working on "what I will be doing" for summer and fall,
very tired of this scumbling and scuffling constantly. Will load StarOf-
fice 5.1 later tonight. Realizing more and more how the residency time is
winding down. So we walked for a while, had coffee at a small coffee-
house around the corner, talked, read. Beyond that, quiet, quietude. No
more.

The Bad Writing conference is 'breaking up' which is interesting - a kind
of spatter crawls across it. I haven't quite seen this before, so at least
for now, I'm watching, participating, counting the hours...

Everything I do ends with ellipsis and regret...

Mon Feb 14 00:55:41 EST 2000 Brunch today with numerous people including
Ellen Zweig, Tom and Leslie, Ernie and Sherry, Emily Cheng, Jonathan
Hay, and numerous others. I found out from Jonathan that my painting is
called The Speech of Birds and the Fragrance of Flowers, and was painted
in Spring, 1919, by He Erzhan. In linux, I was able, in phatlinux, to use
the RedHat rpm package, so I finally put emacs in, as well as bsd-games
and various other programs - quite happy with those. Beyond all of this,
reading and writing - I wrote about the Kebara cave at Mt. Carmel last
night - a place of intense experience for me, undergoing intensive exca-
vation in 1992, and reported in a Current Anthropology of that year. And
there is nothing else to report, a day of great mood swings, very intense
discussion, and the usual keeping-despair-at-bay...

Tue Feb 15 02:14:09 EST 2000 and more reading and writing - found an old
anthology called Language and Social Context, which is still under the
influence of information theory and cybernetics - which makes it oddly
contemporary (it's from the late 60s), since these modes of thinking have
returned via computers. So I'm reading also Cybertext and it's notion of
ergodic literature fits neatly in. Meanwhile starting again to look for
work; have been trying to deal with 'thinking about that' again today, in
the midst of reading Dostoevsky's White Nights which I read years ago -
and which of course made the Dell Hymes essay sound totally flat (in the
Language book, on an ethnography of language). And thinking as well about
the relationship of, say, occidental sinology to the phenomenology of
exile and dislocation - I've got to write Jonathan about that. Meanwhile I
did sleep most of the day - trying to catch up on bad neglect - Science
News (I subscribe) has an article on sleep deprivation detailing the
effects of the same, enough of a warning. Not that I can do anything in
particular about it - I can't...

So there are two weeks left to the residency; I think of this as a month
in relation to a year's work - which makes no sense of course but creates
a kind of forestalling. After it, I want to focus more on my own work but
may end up showing in Atlanta, which I'd like - there's also the video
screening here on the 26th of February which I have to prepare for - a lot
of editing, etc. So it's a weird busy period - not to mention that I
should also be working on the syllabus for the course I'm offering at
Bloomfield College - although I want to wait and see if it has any real
chance of making first. I'm worried all the time about money, almost
ulcerous; on the other hand, if it's not that, it's my so-called 'career,'
and if it's not that, it's insomnia and health and so forth. No wonder
Goya rains supreme, falling like thunder and lightning - last night in
fact there was a violent thunderstorm - in February! - as Sei Shonagon
would say, Most delightful!

Wed Feb 16 01:20:01 EST 2000 What now? I.F. Stone's The Trial of Socrates,
reading also Ariel Bension, The Zohar in Moselm and Christian Spain. My
photo appears in Millennium's advertising - for the show we're having on
the 26th, a week from Saturday. Looked at the tape again today and decided
it's fine but want to go over and tune it and add some additional ele-
ments. Want the sexual energy to continue to the end, the dancing to be
more integrated. Was up last night in the middle of the night, stress.
Read more into the "Art and Life of Japan" and other than that, am just
waiting for tomorrow to do a full day's work, hopefully wide-awake, hope-
fully "at the top of my form." And trying to get enough sleep again. Was
also looking at Robinson's Non-Standard Analysis, such a beautiful book
and I have such trouble with it. Just reading into everything, out of
everything. And feeling close to stupid...

Thu Feb 17 04:51:42 EST 2000 Everything always points to the end, nothing
ever points to the beginning, except in retrospect, when time is already
obdurate in its phenomenology. So it goes; the projects are nearing their
end, Lost is still not up, I'm running around trying to get work done,
always on the brink or lip of the real. It's been emotionally a rough day,
out of which came a text, the "A Monolog" complete with quotes, which does
work for me. And I received two texts from Jonathan Hayes on Chinese is-
sues, which are fascinating me, in relation to eccentricity and objects of
inquiry in general. So I'm continuing. Part of the time I've thought about
the trajectory of trAce for me, what it was like, say, in November, when I
still had three months to go, what the halfway point felt like - what it
felt like when I reached 1500 posts on January 6th. I'm now up to around
2300, just short of that. Already the new writer-in-residence is apparent
on the board, as is my denouement; the writers in the past couple of
months have, I think, been more traditional as well. (Something tells me I
may have already written this.) I feel out of place a bit, some sort of
Whitmannian eminence already occluded, not in terms of style, but effect.

Found no new reading today but went back into the Okagami (The Great
Mirror, Fujiwara Michinaga (966-1027 and his Times, trans. McCullough), a
text of the Heian period which is quite odd, and which I like a great
deal, complete with the poetry and history of the Fujiwara built in. And
getting near the point where I'll write the book reviews for trAce as
well.

Nothing else today - probably picked up some additional telecommuting work
(I'm desperately in need of this), which I've been trying to do, along
with the theory and music and everything else. Tomorrow going to a reading
and then a Komar and Melamid opening and then hopefully settling down to
intensive writing for a couple of days, as well as music; on Monday we're
doing the final edit for the videoshow coming up at Millennium on the
26th.

Sat Feb 19 23:17:26 EST 2000 And back into books again - getting Dickens
Tale of Two Cities, which I've never read, along with - Zao Wou-Ki by
Claude Roy, on the abstract painter - this is an old Grove Press book I've
looked at a great deal. The analysis stresses Buddhism and I want to think
through this in relation to Nancy Haynes' work sometimes - hopefully not
quite as facile. Also got Shoshana Felman and Dori Laub, Testimony, Crisis
of Witnessing in Literature, Psychoanalysis, and History - which looks
fascinating and the kind of theory I want to focus on at the moment, as
well as an outdated book from 1991, Neural and Intelligent Systems
Integration, Fifth and Sixth Generation Integrated Reasoning Information
Systems, eds. Soucek and The IRIS group. Meanwhile I'm continuing to read
the Okagami and last night I finished an article on the various projects
I've worked on for/with trAce - the LoveandWar, The Yours, The Traceroute
or trAceroute Project, and the Lost Project, which has started up - there
was a lot of spam on it almost right from the beginning which was disen-
heartening, but that was removed at trAce. I felt odd about the removal,
but I do want the project to function as a recording of loss, not as a
site to screw around. As usual on the Net, there's no way to control
entries without full moderation, and I've got no interest in that. But
it's also a sign of my weakening role as virtual writer-in-residence that
at least a few participants didn't really care about the project, other
than to use it as a scratch pad.

I've been looking at the videowork that will be incorporated in the final
edit for next week's show at Millennium - I'm also beginning to think no
one will show up, but at least I want the impetus of trying to get an au-
dience. The videowork looks excellent; while Azure and I were making short
quickcam video, I also had Hi8 running, recording the production itself,
and part of that could be incorporated.

Strange days are here again... there are about 10 days to go on the resi-
dency...

Mon Feb 21 11:32:35 EST 2000 Waiting for Foofwa to show up so we can begin
working on the final edit of the video material for the upcoming show at
Millennium. I finished the review last night of the four books - the
Aarseth Cybertext, Everard Virtual States, Armitage's editing Machinic
Modulations for Angelaki, and Taylor Hackers. The review was long and I
wasn't satisfied with it - it was one of those looking for content _not_
in the books and making theses instead of close focusing on the works
themselves - my excuse is a very real lack of time and trying to survey
the widest field possible. The odd thing is I love these texts which have
deepened my knowledge of net/state/hack/text (the title is something like
Net Text State - I forget) - what I miss is messy cog sci / psychoanaly-
tical stuff which isn't necessarily even part of the scene.

Last night dreaming of a car down a road by the seaside, on a cliff, sun,
there was a path to Wilkes-Barre/Kingston and a long flowing route that
I'd dreamed of before, slowly working its way down through the mountains
in a vast thin curve - I wonder where that is from - intense green grass
along that - it was at the end of the seaside route - passed by an old and
run-down museum of Egyptian antiquities - finally the car couldn't go any
farther and I had to return to meet people for dinner - walked back, half
running, to where it was parked, it wasn't there, and I thought, now I'm
going towards a nightmare again, when the alarm went off. There were
flowers everywhere, most of the dream was beautiful...

I'm so aware of the diary coming to a close. I was thinking yesterday of
how valuable for me it would have been to have recorded, say, just a
conversastion sitting around a table thirty or so years ago - and all
that's gone, that languaging, referencing, the clink of those cups, that
light from the sun. I've lived all my life in this kind of loss with death
breathing down my neck - my entire life. And I know how absolutely impos-
sible it is to reconstitute the past, even yesterday - how irretrievable
the world is. Meanwhile I look out the window and there's a new sign for
Brooklyn College: "Your future is here" - but there isn't any and never
has been...

Tue Feb 22 01:26:07 EST 2000 Today we finished the final edit of the tape
which is really beautiful; the work finally came together. I still wonder
about the opening, which is a dancepiece - but it tends naturally towards
the rest of the work, the whole about 57 minutes - and I think we were
able to keep the intensity and sexuality up throughout. It's an odd work
with very little text, or text that's marginalized by faces and looks -
these tend to dominate. It's as murky as my other work, everything seem-
ing to melt into everything else, music and murmuring sounds throughout. I
used live Moog synthesizer as background for some newer quickcam pieces.
We also used graphics created in gimp as visual background for the same.
And it's time I go back to the work of Kung-Sun Lung-Tzu, and still read-
ing the Okagami. 

Meanwhile today I reset the linux system to the correct time and it bent
backwards to an older time, and with everything trying to run in reverse,
the hard drive became hysterical and I had to leave the system, which said
it crashed, but in fact it didn't - or it crashed in the future, letting
me know in the past. An interesting state...

And the Lost Project has been moving and intense in the texts, and the
commentary is some of my favorite work so far - I owe a lot to Simon on
the coding here -

A week to go on the residency, which has been very very good to me. And I
see new names coming on the Webboard, knowing I'll be out of that trajec-
tory, that these notes, instead of occupying a phenomenological present,
will be read, if at all, as a kind of broken history.

Tue Feb 22 23:25:17 EST 2000 Brought photos over to Millennium, met my
niece andher friends, walked with them and Azure all over Chelsea, saw a
number of shows, bought three books, Boas' Primitive Art, which I've owned
on and off (he fascinates me - was Jewish, mentions swastika and star in
the book as symbols with emotional impact); George Anderson's book on
Anglo-Saxon Literature (he was a professor of mine - good grief the book
is antiquarian but quite useful nonetheless); and a collection of Burns'
work which I like a great deal and wanted to examine more critically. Left
behind a Byte book on telecom from 1983, and may return.

I feel I'm disappearing from trAce already, although there are some stun-
ning translations from the Tamil on it. And my tiredness is almost out of
control - just completely exhausted, compounded by the usual worries about
employment. After trAce I'll try and cool out for a week or so - I need
the break - and then I'll see. I haven't heard back from any of the people
I wrote to, to do other things in Nottingham - none of them, so I may just
be there a very short time. Here in March, I'm supposed to do a couple of
things in Atlanta and then Brown U. and other places coming up in April.
All after the Millennium show - I think we may have an audience "over
there" after all. Tomorrow I'll send out a final call for the show.

Four conferences, a bunch of other gigs all coming up, Joel and I playing
music again together, meeting with Azure and Foofwa to sketch out future
collaborations, hopefully teaching soon, and trying not to go broke or
rather perhaps going broke but without too much stress and hunger hunger
hunger - 

Thu Feb 24 02:34:23 EST 2000 Here is what I wrote on the Webboard today -
I'm incredibly angry at the moment, in spite of the fact I got an old
Compaq 286 with plasma screen, portable, for $10 and have been using it
for writing on the Net all day - much fun - anyway - from the Writing and
Politics conference -

For the first time in I think three years (I wrote two) I unsubbed someone
from Cybermind - the woman who was taking my characters and ideas and
using them for a anti-abortion Webbpage. At first she apologized - and
then she went on, undermining my work - to the point that she wrote me to
ask if she could send people to the video show we've got coming up "to see
examples of Nikuko's past life" - before she went big-time right-wing
anti-abortion. She also sent out more announcements to the Cybermind list.

I felt I had to fight back - after she apologized she apparently kept
going - and took her off summarily. And I'm so angry, I can't even speak
about it. I believe there are laws about taking published characters and
situations etc. for one's own - to do a sequel of someone else's book for
example requires getting copyright permission - but I can't obviously
pursue that without the money.

This has never happened to me before. I've been parodied god knows and
even plagiarized, none of which I mind - but this is more of a direct
theft, turning into what I see as proto-fascistic rhetoric.

God, I feel unclean tonight... Alan
http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt 

So it goes - the theory gets hanged - it's not ego that made me write that
or unsub her - it's a feeling very close to being beaten up (which I have
been) or raped (which I haven't been) - she even uses nikuko.html for the
webpage, signs her name Nikuko Konninger, and has a mailing address begin-
ning "nikuko@" - as if this is all okay with me.

It's ugly. I think the person's crazy in fact (from other sources), but
she's holding down a job at a university... (Maybe she _is_ crazy then.)
I don't know. I feel honestly disgusted...

On March 5th there will be a goodbye trAce party, and I'll have stopped
around the 1st, or at least slowed up. Sad days - certainly Cybermind
isn't my community anymore... 

Fri Feb 25 00:55:41 EST 2000 on Cybermind, the blowup I expected didn't
occur - I felt oddly sad for the woman I unsubbed, since I received a lot
of back-channel support for me (as well as on-list), and none for her. She
works to some extent in a vacuum as far as the list is concerned. Mean-
while, a listowner from another list that she dominated at times, unsubbed
from both Cybermind and Fop-l, as if either in sympathy with her, or no
longer wanting to remain after she went. So I've been reading more Boas,
more Anderson on anglo-saxon literature, some more Burns, feeling slightly
out of it today; I also have written again with the old Compaq machine,
using the program that registers keystrokes - it's fascinating watching a
literal recording of actions, not corrected content (something like the
interior of a ytalk conversation). And feeling both the beauty of the day
and grey skies and nervousness at the Millennium screening the day after
tomorrow - and an odd sadness, trAce running out late Tuesday night, and I
will amuse myself trying to get a full 2500 messages in on the board be-
fore then. That is an odd footprint, destined to disappear I assume some-
what rapidly, but odd nonetheless, and something of a running conversa-
tion for me. And there will be no place to add to or position a "diary4.
txt" for example - so my writing, and this fearsome/exhilaterated/worri-
some document will come to an end - not that it would, in an interior, be
any different _then_ than it is now; but the events - for example curating
in Atlanta, running around Jerusalem, North Carolina, Fukuoka, Halifax -
have been very different, and I want to travel-travel with Azure as soon
as we are capable of the same...

Sat Feb 26 01:09:35 EST 2000 reading today Alchemy by Titus Burckhardt, a
Japanese book for children about seaside life, and Pintupi Country, Pintup
Self, Sentiment, Place, and Politics among Western Desert Aborigines, by
Fred. R. Myers. Was out earlier with Azure over Tom's. Watching trAce con-
tinue to run down for me - as if there is a lengthening anticipation, a
shadow cast backward, much as the WTMP in the linux I installed also went
in reverse. As fi I could. As if there were more reading to do, new people
to meet, a guarantee of a lovely job, and no injustice here in Amerika,
which again was proved wrong with the acquittal of the men in the Diallo
case, the whole city tense, Sharpton and others calling for justice, for
calm, for just about anything bringing a sense of kindness. What is not to
be, this injustice. 

For myself, this interval of text in relation to daily life, soon to pass
into quiet, silence, nothing. I will bare myself for an audience, camera
jamming; for myself, at least at this point, it's of the thickness of
paste. I would feel something else; I would feel a sense of fictitious
university and universality, oh I would return to Dreamtime oddly comfort.
This is not to be; on the radio yesterday, a commentator calling for the
death of humanity on the plundered planet, leaving everything, including
itself, wreckage. If the truth were spirit, I would have known. What
occurs on the periphery, always a doubt, something awry, not quite pre-
sent, like the brilliance of that fireball I saw now two nights ago, blue-
white, homing, staying with me, heading towards that region of the sky
hidden by buildings, that and every other. For they are all other they are
all every other, and I am more and more convinced we are ghosts here,
hungry ghosts ourselves, irreal, unknowing to ourselves, forbidding and
forestalling ourselves, foreclosing ourselves, within the inconceivable
imaginary.

Then I think, perhaps this file is too long, it should be shorter, and
then I think, I will just run this out, end it on this long long note...
So this is a life for your entertainment which is one of mourning, re-
morse, regret, a continuous state of longing for stability, for that nest
for, for just a moment, I wake up in the early morning, fresh, looking
forward to the new new day.

Sun Feb 27 01:26:16 EST 2000 Well we had the screening tonight, about 30
people, I don't think they knew what to make of the work - it was very
different for me since it had a lot of silence in it, filled with music or
body motion (pirouetting), but very little text - one might get lost in
the images - which were to do that. And I don't know what to make ofthe
work myself, which fascinates me - while I was at the Experimental
Television Center, I made some tapes with "my usual" and wasn't satisfied
at all with them, because they seemed to provide more answers than
questions, as if the theoretical material had foreclosed, not only on
itself, but also on the imagery as well. This clearly isn't the case with
the new pieces, which are filled with limbs, nudity, open mouths droning,
narrative going nowhere, moments of intense dance. So maybe a conundrum
for the audience. Well, it was for at in part a reaction against all the
writing here, the continuous writing, these almost 2500 messages that
skirt theory also but try to focus on other work, and I wanted to have
quiet in the video, almost a murmur - it also came out of older trace
pieces. There was applause and compliments at the end, etc., but there was
also a sense of quizzicality. As usual, the film people weren't there -
the film community is very unreceptive to my stuff - but the people who
came were from all sorts of odd places from novelist to web mistress to
theorist. Odd, odd, odd, and oddly also I feel more comfortable here
online, in familiar territory, albeit territory about to come to an end,
bleak financial situation after that, all the way into that dark night...
Still, here, now, the words are entered among friends for the most part,
and you might have liked the tapes as well. -

I put this up at the Prose Conference on trAce and thought it should be
here as well. I don't have any vast theoretical conclusions to make. When
we were in town, I got a new book by Alphonso Lingis, and a new issue of
2600 magazine and I'm really looking forward to reading them. I get so few
new books! Most of them are from trades or used bookstores or gifts or
second-hand shops, etc. But I couldn't resist the Lingis and the 2600 will
always come in handy - I love the letters in it.

My quest to have 2500 posts by the time the residency ends will probably
come true; I don't have all that many to go. It's completely foolish, but
as long as I'm writing intelligently, it's one impetus among many.

I wonder also, re: the video work, whether in a way it's not designed for
the Net, but that's something else again.

Finally, oddly have been thinking recently about Pepy's diary - written
only about 180 years after the discovery of the Americas - at least as far
as official Europeandom was concerned -

Sun Feb 27 15:48:59 EST 2000 and very gloomy today thinking about the
video work, about serious family problems that have come up (and did come
up immediately after Azure and I returned home), and not being able to
focus. I feel I should take a long break from writing and art-making, but
that's not my style or ability; I just need to keep ploughing. Read 2600
this morning and very very late last night, and there are the usual
ethical debates at work; it's an area like trigonometry that's forestalled
in a way. So will read kanji and some Noh this afternoon again after the
trAce chat, and after walking up to Allen's bookshop, hoping to improve my
mood.

I do video and almost all my work in a vacuum. No feedback at all; the
shows come along but they're all stillborn. I reach a certain plateau and
collapse. There was a good audience present last night, but only two other
filmmakers as I mentioned. I'm surprised the director of Millennium, which
is a major institution here, has always been so supportive - Howard
Guttenplan, for whom I give thanks and best wishes.

I will reach 2500 and then some by Tuesday night. And I think of the
relative miracles and fragilities of telecommunication and web boards and
how, even with such, including computer glitches, hackes, lights out
everyone, riots, war, disease, and death, over six months in a kind of
stasis or potential well, I've been able to write such a long string of
posts and replies...

The world changes all the time, never changes, the sun goes bright, winks
out.

Mon Feb 28 00:42:13 EST 2000 From the Webboard, just now:

Odd, so this is the 2500th post, I had thought this would arrive, say, the
day I finished, on this coming Tuesday at 23:59:59, but here it is
earlier. I've focused on the Webboard for the residency - I was thinking
about this - how for me the Webboard is the most important part of trAce -
the most democratic part - anyone can participate for a length of time,
and laterally, not only in terms of top-down project, but in all other
ways as well. It's busy, newcomers appear, people remain on it for varying
lengths of time - and in these respects it's wonderful.  So it has
appealed to my politics, among other things, working from a reasonably
open position, what might be called grassroots, which is where I see my
writing as well (perhaps even lower burrowing beneath the surface,
tunnelled) - And as I've said elsewhere, it's fascinating just how
generous this Webboard region can be - think of newsgroup spam or the
flame-wars on email lists - This seems kinder, perhaps because there's a
defusion of threads and topics, any number of places to settle into -
Anyway I want to thank everyone who is on here for participating. For
myself, I'll be on and off after the residency ends; in the diary I've
talked about how this has been, to some extent, a home for me and my
collaborative/creative urges - there's nothing to replace it -
love, Alan, musing
http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt 

Tue Feb 29 01:24:49 EST 2000 I don't know if it's the next night or next
day or the relationship of this to other time. Got a small wooden desk for
the old Compaq computer reading Psychoanalysis and Love by Andre Tridon,
from the Salvation Army, one of the worst books ever, which makes me love
it, aware that time is clicking down, that there's about 22.5 hours until
the end of the residency - ironically, trace.ntu.ac.uk machine is down at
the moment, that doesn't help, but also found at the Salvation Army, Con-
versations with Kafka, by Gustav Janouch, which I hadn't seen before
although I know the series pretty well.

My plans are still open and I've been feeling really fragile; with the
community, it's been very intense - the LoveandWar for example just a few
months ago, but it seems like decades, finally got some feedback from some
of the film screening audience, people wanting more text within it, maybe
less narrative, less repetition, more cohesion, but liking the oddity of
it all nonetheless, so I'm feeling relatively good about it in relation to
all of that. But quite fragile, not knowing where I'm heading, wanting to
focus on my own texts in March here, but then that's proving difficult,
I've got a little bit of telecommuting work to do. My mother's back in the
hospital. News isn't all that good anywhere, but I'm holding my head above
water. I can sit at my little desk with the red-orange screen, and write
to my heart's content. Made another image or so with Gimp today - the Gimp
images, for me at least, are astounding, types I haven't been able to work
with before, that much intensity in a photograph... 

Tue Feb 29 19:44:27 EST 2000 Ah, so it's coming to an end, I've been
trying to configure a Phenom subnotebook computer all day, as well as wri-
ting and reading, found a Nucleonics and Electronics Dictionary from 1960,
a book on rhetoric, and Keith Harings' diaries at a Salvation Army;
yesterday found a greenish tannish wooden desk for the old Compaq, did I
say that? I'm getting quite morose, trAce leaking out from under me; I
have that telecommuting to do, I've done a summary of the work for Sue;
I've posted an outline of what I'd hope to accomplish up there on the
conference board; I'm typing against the spectrum of calcium. Later to-
night, I'll add something final here, but what? I hope to still be around;
I won't need to read all the messages, check my totals against others,
worry new projects. In my life, I would give anything for some sort of
security, however minimal. It's bleak, this diary is bleak; what sustains
me is both Azure and my work; tonight I'll play the shakuhachi again, it's
a shakuhachi, not electric guitar night, and I won't go gentle down into
it. So very strange... And I can't think straight about any of this, this
diary3.txt is larger than it should be, I didn't have the heart to start a
fourth. The Lost Project is going well by all accounts, you can see, such
yearning there, I imagine when I die the world will get smaller and
smaller, there will be no light, I won't want any, just the glow of
unearthly beings sweeping thought away

Tue Feb 29 23:25:18 EST 2000 it's the last 45 minutes of my residency and
I just found out my mother's extremely ill. I don't need to say more, the
course seems somewhat clear. It's miserable; these past few days have been
incredibly difficult. I don't know whether I'm coming or going. If I were
good at it, I'd spew everything here, or with Azure, but I'm not good at
it.

Life is suffering existence, existence is life suffering, but without
nirvana or satori, there are desolate plains at the very end, and desolate
planets. ...Here I can say it, she's dying, I can say it here, near the
end of the diary, through my tears, it may be a few months more. There
were phonecalls all over the place tonight. I can't think straight. I was
going to write intelligently here about trAce, but I can't. I can't write
intelligently about much of anything.

We had ups and downs for months and months now, at least since the end of
August. It's been awful. Cancer spreads like violent animals hysteric and
rabid, coursing wherever they can, inordinately stupid animals, brainless
and without a thought. Cancer falls to the weakest failing organs. Cancer
is attacked by equally violent and all-encompassing onslaught; the body is
caught between therapies and dis/ease and there's no escape.

I feel jobless, unstable, caught with these miseries, too much to deal
with at the moment. Things will straighten out; I expect myself to be
alive a year from now, say. But it's a question of always crawling, crawl-
ing... and there's a half-hour to go for the residency...

Tue Feb 29 23:38:07 EST 2000 When shall the diary stop? I got the Phenom
working, my eyes are filled with tears, I learned more about gas plasma
screens, the Lost Project is still running, there must be a book for me
out there somewhere, a cdrom with my texts on it, even the pathos of this
diary. I'm sitting here drinking a glass of rum and lukewarm water yum,
this is about one fifth rum. I don't drink so when this happens I can
retire; meanwhile Mark next door showed me one of his new pieces, and
Azure and I told him about the state of my mother. So it goes. We also - A
and I - to the hacking show at 95.5 FM tonight Emmanuel Goldstein, who I
really like, editor of 2600, I expected a deeper voice. Much glee and
background conversation, reminded me of knon in Dallas, maybe my favorite
underground radio station of all time; we had to call them once, cause
they all went asleep with a record playing. There's also WREK in Atlanta
where Jarboe did her brilliant brilliant noise sound music work, before
Skin with M. Gira - they're probably apart now, Ek is still close to
her. What else? We might go down there, Atlanta, at the end of the moon,
that is around the Ides of March, I could do a couple of talks, but now I
want to postpone them until the following month.

You're born into brilliance and wonder in the world with your mouth open
for the breast and your eyes learning the amazing senses that can be made
of flows and fluids, and you live through incredible hardenings and the
naming of things and occurrences. You skip and throw balls and these
things, THINGS make parabolas in the sky that your arm adjusts to. You can
search out holes and the levels beneath things - tables, couches. You
stare at the sun case you're not supposed to and you walk away unblinded.
And then say with unknown schooling, the paring-down begins, your body is
taken from you, mind taken from you, the wonder gone the way that all
wonder goes, into loss. And you grow older and the loss grows and takes
over the horizon, until you're hurting so much you can't speak it, and you
pretend and beneath the surface you know that everyone else is pretending
too, and you believe they're pretending more.

And if you're lucky you'll see that meteor or flower or snake and that
wonder, just for a moment maybe, will return, like the spectrum of calcium
I have on the desktop here. And there's ten minutes to go to the
residency, ten minutes where I am lucky enough to get my wonder translated
into the processes and operations of the world, watching with a certain
amazement at the meanderings of the Lost Project among all of us, and
thinking metaphorically - yes, this sounds absurd, think of it from a
phenomenological viewpoint, it's all a Lost Project, it's a Lost Horizon
and a lost subjectivity, it's a wearing away and a paring down, it's a
cancer spreading across the planet, it's erosion and pollution, it's
pitfalls and local wars and mafias, and we're lucky that this evening we
were able, Azure and I, to see wonderful clouds high in the sky, just for
a moment, as we begin, here, as I begin, to bring the diary to a close -
for why keep it going when I'm now a ghost in this space, a ghost of rum
and water, of blood, of proxy-cancer watching illness around me, walking
through the flames untouched -

I want always already to return to the beginning, start anew, without
these regrets, somehow with an incredible / impossible knowledge, so that
I will avoid pitfalls, hurting myself and others, mainly hurting myself,
knowing the impossibility of that, everything hard like rocks and stones
are hard, obdurate, transparent to the dark matter of the cosmos

For we are all blown skeins of ghosts looking at other ghosts here and
elsewhere, desperate to hold onto the ontology of the proper name, those
very few moments of exhileration we're privileged to hold onto in our
lives. 

And in the meantime, we're hurting, hurting, hurling towards a common
destination ...

Tue Feb 29 23:50:48 EST 2000 And we shall close this down so very soon,
and my mother, my mother ...

Tue Feb 29 23:57:10 EST 2000 From the Writing & Psychology Conference at
the Webboard ... and going in for repetition, the sign of the real, the
obdurate, obsessive-compulsive, bandwidth:

Just a few minutes to go on the residency and I'm typing away, most of
what I'm feeling is in regard to this and my mother's illness, which has
taken a terrible turn for the worse. I keep thinking, harping on that,
wanting a nest like the starlings outside our window... It's a way, as I
said, to keep the demons at bay, not the literal ones, but the feeling of
such. It's been an amazing six months for me, and unbelievably up and down
these past few weeks. I'll stop the diary soon; I don't know what else I
could say in it. I do want to thank everyone who's participated in the
projects here and hope they'll continue to participate in the Lost
Project, at least for the next few days - just enter another name/address,
and you're in.  I can't think very straight, too much is going on, and so
my usual word 'apologies' and grateful thanks, it's been an amazing ride,
and there's always, as Ellroy says, the wonder, the wonder, the wonder ...

Tue Feb 29 23:58:26 EST 2000
Tue Feb 29 23:58:41 EST 2000
Tue Feb 29 23:59:00 EST 2000
Tue Feb 29 23:59:12 EST 2000
Tue Feb 29 23:59:24 EST 2000
Tue Feb 29 23:59:32 EST 2000
Tue Feb 29 23:59:47 EST 2000
Tue Feb 29 23:59:55 EST 2000
Wed Mar  1 00:00:01 EST 2000
