

Aphoristic Essay on Analog and Digital Orders


{ Why aphoristic? Because there is no argument, because argument is 
dependent upon clear, if not rational, distinction, because distinction 
itself is troublesome. The orders constitute a skein, blurred and uncanny; 
nothing, no thing, is entirely analogic or digital. The flux of the world 
is perceived through heartbeat and saccadic vision - the eye functions 
like cinema, creating a quick succession of 'still' images, later to be 
reconstituted as motion. Cinema underscores the real: we are viewers of 
our own films, movies lasting until the end of the world. )

{ Note on terminology: I use distinct, discrete, digital, even binary, 
somewhat interchangeably; please note the slight differences below. I also 
use both analog and analogic somewhat interchangeably; they reference 
(however one might deconstruct this) the real, continuity. }


The digital: by digital I mean discrete. By digital I mean systemic, 
characterized by systematization, parameterization.

{ 'Discrete' implies cut-off, Dedekind's cut or surreal numbers, for exam- 
ple. The boundary is both 'clean' and of no consequence - what's important 
is the drawn distinction, as Spencer Brown might emphasize. But there's 
more than distinction; the digital domain is characterized by system; the 
cuts are organized in one form or another, and this organization, in real, 
physical reality, is dependent upon the choice of parameters - bandwidth 
measurement, for example. )


The analog appears continuous; the digital appears discrete, broken.

{ We are thinking of _appearance_ here - this is important. And appearance 
is dialectical; it depends on both observer and the thing observed, not to 
mention mediations and interactions among both as phenomenologies and 
systems themselves. So, yes, the analog appears continuous - even though, 
as Eddington observed, the table tends to disappear in particle physics. 
And the digital both 'means' or implies discrete, and appears as such. The 
digital in this sense is also a 'breaking' of the analog continuum; in the 
real, for example, an analog to digital transform of speech results in the 
cutting-up of the analog, within certain tolerances, according to certain 
parameters. )

{ The analog and analog computer are different; the analog computer de-
pends on inscription. The analog may or may not measure. The analog may or
may not be organic, harbor consciousness, have the attributes of idiocy in
an obdurate world. I describe the analog, which slips from my hands. I
describe the digital, which my fingers hold. }


In everyday life, the digital is the result of an intervention.

{ How so? Because everyday life appears as one; even the sudden shifts in 
a dream are 'sutured' together by the dreamer. The digital intervenes, 
functionally, into the analogic real - and as an intervention, it appears 
to come from 'without' - just like a cd disk is brought to a listener, 
already encoded, unreadable (in a way that a vinyl record is not). )


An intervention is a mapping. Every mapping, unless a mapping of itself
(ikonic), leaves something out.

{ A mapping leaves something out because it is not the territory; when it 
becomes the territory, it maps down to the molecular. But what is left 
out? And who decides what is left out? And what is left? )


The intervention requires the setting of a standard raster. A raster is a
filtering of a quantity, almost always with discrete steps. Think of a
raster as a screening, creating elements out of a continuous bandwidth,
then quantifying those elements.

{ A raster is an ideality, a matrix, a set of standards, tolerances, a 
means of dividing an apparently continuous real. One can imagine a digital 
formation based on something other than a standard raster - for example 
the amplitude (continuously measured) of an audio file might be tied to 
sampling bandwidth. This might be considered a dynamic raster; 'standard' 
raster would then be static or state. )

{ Think of an analog computer as digital, i.e. drawing distinctions from
inputs and outputs. The computer operates above a certain tolerance as
well; a 'push' registers to the extent it results in a change of variables
- beneath that, it is nonexistent. So analog computers possess potential
wells as well, without raster, with only (dynamic) tolerance. The distinc-
tion between raster and tolerance is the distinction between mapping and
nudging; perhaps ultimately the real is a world of nudges and after-
thoughts. }

{ Behavior, process, is analogic, analog computer. The digital computer as 
well; bits and bytes have onset and tailing characteristics. It's a ques- 
tion of drawing the line. The potential well = an inkwell, replete with 
inscription. The potential well is always fuzzy, stochastic, but it draws 
the line. }


The elements are ordered. The raster sorts the continuous fabric of the
real into separable categories.

{ 'Category' references parameter quantity and type-of quality. For ex- 
ample, mercury contamination of ppm might be given as .5ppm, 1ppm, 1.5ppm, 
and so forth. The parameter is ppm; the type-of is mercury. Instead of 
'separable' think of 'distinct' - 'separable' implies an original matrix 
which may be reconstituted; 'distinct' implies that the ordering, however 
'natural' it may appear, is ultimately arbitrary. )


The raster is standardized so that information may be transmitted and
received through coherent channels, by means of a coherent transmitter and
receiver.

{ Digital devices require standardization; in everyday terms, this occurs 
beneath and within the sign of capital. Information flow requires proto- 
cols, standards, tolerances. Every such flow might be considered interop- 
erability; the world, then, might be metaphorically considered communities 
and communications connected through interoperabilities. )


The standardization of the raster is a protocol. The protocol must be
agreed upon by both sender and receiver.

{ This agreement is by convention; such convention is always already an 
institution, institutionalized. )


In everyday life, the establishment of a raster and protocol requires
energy and communication. Raster and protocol must be communicated.

{ Energy requires instituting as well; it must be filtered, regulated, 
maintained. This in-formed energy is a protocol as well. )


After raster and protocol are established, the parceled semantic content,
coded by raster, may be communicated.

{ Once raster is decided, it is integral to the digital process. If the 
raster is dynamic, the process transmits the new parameters as well. )


Coding and community establishes raster and protocol. Encoding codes an
object from analog to digital.

{ Static raster is a 'thing' - a program or standardized protocol set 
which may be bought and sold within the liquidity of capital. Dynamic 
raster as _flux_ is dependent on coding as well; this coding is also 
'thing.' Encoding might also encode itself, encode anything within the 
digital domain as a form of remediation; think of encoding as a form of 
'devouring' whatever comes along, encoding adapting itself to changing 
circumstances, epistemologies, ontologies. )


From the viewpoint of the digital, the analog is forgotten; the process is
irreversible.

{ This is of critical importance: Once something is gone between analog 
and digital, it is permanently removed - without history or being. The 
digital is always lossy; digital to digital, however, is ideally lossless 
since this may be a one-to-one mapping. )


A digital parceling is accurate only to the limits of a particular and
conventionally-established tolerance. The tolerance, more often than not,
is tied to economy. In general, the greater the capital available, the
lesser the tolerance.

{ The greater the capital, the greater the global variable, global proto- 
col. Zero tolerance is equivalent to infinite capital, infinite energy: 
the representation of the thing by the thing itself. What happens to the 
observer? The observer disappears, ground up in the identity of the thing. 
}


The analog possesses no tolerance. The analog is there.

{ The analog is neither tolerant nor intolerant. The analog is neither 
here nor there; 'analog is' is already redundant. Think of the analog as 
matrix, the neutral world - think of the observer as politicized, always 
suffering. }


The digital is never there. The digital is always process, in-process.

{ The digital is in-formation, in production; raster supersedes raster, 
standard replaces standard, the continuing project of culture. There is no 
culture without distinction, no distinction without culture; nothing 
stands still. If the digital were _there,_ it would be monumental! The 
digital is never there., }


If the digital is indexical, 'pointing towards' a mapping of the
continuum, the analog is that scale. The analog is ikonic, the digital is
indexical.

{ The digital indexes _something._ The digital has an object for its 
subject, subject for its object. The digital is a pointer-in-process, 
scan, scansion. The digital unravels and reassembles the ikonic analog 
transformed into data-base. }


The distinction between the digital and its referents or domains is
ontological; the distinction between the analog and its domains is
epistemological.

{ Here is the heart of the matter, the organism of the world-soul: The 
digital references either itself (ontological equivalence) or elsewhere; 
its object ultimately is of the real, real, inert, obdurate, invisible 
(but for the presence of the digital). The digital can reference the 
digital; the chain ends somewhere, elsewhere, elsewhen; the chain ends 
with the real, production within material reality. 'Lacan writes: "The 
real is what is always in its place."' On the other hand, on the hand 
itself, the referent of the analog is analogic, of a piece, within the 
matrix; what is at stake isn't ontology but epistemology - what we know 
and the means by which we know it, plastered in the ready-made form of 
substance, fissure, and the beginnings of inscription. }


At zero tolerance - 'no room for error' - and an infinitely-fine raster,
the digital is equivalent to the analog. The map, in other words, is
exactly equivalent to the thing itself.

{ With zero tolerance, the map is the thing itself; there is no differ- 
ence, no distinction. Here we have it, the dream of capital, infinite 
energy, elimination of the observer - who is ground up as surplus labor. 
The greater the energy, the deeper the dissection, until there is nothing 
more to dissect. With zero tolerance, the organism, perfectly embedded, 
immobilized in an inconceivable mapping, translates into dead object,, 
becomes one with it, as thing-death, transformed into thing, another 
subject for zero tolerance mapping. On a wayward note, think of the pan- 
optical and its relationship with motile life; is it possible to con- 
ceive of an organism completely mapped, perceived, from every angle? 
Wouldn't the limit-point of this be immobilization, holding its structure 
in a static and fully-mapped configuration? }


The thing itself is equivalent to the thing itself; this is identity.

{ This is _nothing_ - one misstep and we're in the realm of logical 
paradoxes which are entirely beside the _point._ Speaking of identity is 
speaking from an exteriority; it necessarily says nothing. At night all 
cows are black and if A is identical to A, what of the phrase itself, the 
instantiation and doubling of the letter? In this sense, identity is 
always dysfunction, useless, external to all representation. Within the 
digital, an instantiation of string(x) is equivalent to any other in- 
stantiatino of string(x). For all intents and purposes they are identi- 
cal, but to the extent they are differentiated, they occupy, for example, 
different inodes, and perhaps even tend towards different trajectories of 
corrosion within the embedding analogic matrix. }

{ Of identity, one can say nothing. }


At infinite tolerance - infinite error permitted - and infinitely-coarse
raster, the digital is equivalent to a kind of mark.

{ Infinite tolerance: everything is accepted; what's left is a kind of 
mark. Now if we proceed from this as a null set, we might end up with 
surreal numbers; it's interesting to think of infinite tolerance leading 
to an ontological shift from physical-real (however defined) to mathemat-
ical-abstract. }

A mark totalizes its demarcated.

{ A mark is a proper name. From now on, interior is exterior, emic to 
etic, inert to inscription. The order of marks constructs classes, from 
individuals in Auschwitz to tagging survivors or stragglers of a highly- 
endangered species. }


A mark is an instance.

{ The basis of politics is the mark, the instantiation, foundation of 
political economy; if political economy is the field, politics is the 
harrowing. A mark re-presents itself; a mark is always empty, the emic 
having long since disappeared. A mark of course does 'nothing' - but a 
mark is a node in a larger or smaller process. Capital proceeds by marks 
which are the fundamental cathecting of its real. }


There are numerous 'real worlds' of nearly-decomposable systems. (Herbert
Simon) The world of everyday life appears continuous; it is only in
dreams, for example, one encounters jump-cuts - sudden shifts of place and
time. This continuous world appears analogic.

{ A mark is the problematic of the jump-cut; a mark is always an edit-
point. But what is edited? Processes that are elsewhere, that ultimately 
eliminate the mark, suture over it: the etic disappears the emic, the etic 
disappears. So the mark is an inscription, separating x from ~x, but the 
separation is a process and a process requires energy, denotation, data- 
banking. Think of the parceling of the real: think of parceling-_out._ }

{ Now in a dream the dream screen, background, matrix, chora, remains 
constant and accounted-for; in this sense the ego, however evanescent, 
coheres. This coherency, this continuity, is the background of a real 
which 'makes sense' to us; this is the process of worlding. }


The world of symbols and signs - the world of languaging and inscription -
appears discontinuous, syntactic, and digital, characterized by discrete
moments and entities.

{ The world increasingly appears a jumble of fragmented messages, informa- 
tion shards where false memory establishes the simulacrum of unity. The 
shards cut through the chora; incoherent language spews out. Every sign or 
symbol takes away, detracts, construct the virtual, appears and disap- 
pears, describes and replaces a fictitious real, is inherent in politics 
and political economy, leverages the analogic and digital worlds. We have 
always been virtual. We have always been digital. The body is a colloca-
tion of signs, the body is a character. }


The filmworld, apparatus, diegesis, process, appears an entanglement of 
languaging and continuities. Because film is an operable subject (i.e. a 
subject whose discursive field is transforming), the entanglement tends 
towards polarities, interpretations, interpenetrations, etc. Frames are 
digital; the diegesis is analog (continuous story), and digital (semiotics 
of narrative); the psychoanalytics are analogic (continuous processing of 
the subject-viewer).

{ Film can be anything; the interior of the frame is indexical, many-to- 
one, except in those instances of ikonicity in (mostly) experimental or 
abstract film - drawing on the frame, embedding objects, etc. Ironically, 
every scratch or piece of dust now signifies the softness of memory's 
embedding, the elusive indexical _uncannily_ ikonic, as if _these_ images 
are all the ones there are - as if they are the world itself. }



Neurophysiology implies, not only entanglements of digital (neural
firings) and analog (potentials), but the problematizing of the
analog/digital split on ontological/epistemic grounds. The domains are
inseparable; phenomenologically, the distinction is useless.

{ The 'digital brain' or 'analog brain,' 'quantum' brain or 'electro- 
chemical' brain: Let us say, for the moment, the jury is out, and one is 
better off forgetting what amounts to metaphoric posturing... }


The same is true on the level of fundamental physics, at least as far as
current research goes; there are quantum processes that involve discrete
levels, and there are continuums; there is the breakdown of space-time at
small distances/times, and so forth. If the world is information 'all the
way down,' the coding at this level is again neither analog nor digital.

{ It has occurred to me, a non-physicist, that the collapse of the wave 
function might be considered a process from a spread/and or continuum to 
{0,1}; in other words, from an analogic real to an interference that 
constructs an output of 0 or 1, T or F, + -, etc. (any distinction will 
do). In this sense the two terms (I hesitate to say 'order' or 'domain' 
relate at a fundamental level in the universe. And how might Bell's 
theorem be brought into play? Or any of the paradoxes, in which our every- 
day real is suddenly transformed, switched into alien and decathected 
states? }


In other words, mental and fundamental physical events and processes
abjure any clear distinction between analog and digital, to the extent
that the phenomenology of both is inappropriate. If there is a 'book of
nature,' its syntax is as yet unknown; perhaps the idea of syntax itself
is inappropriate as well.

{ Perhaps one might look for a basic phonology, strained and filtered into 
orders and meanings, perhaps one might search for a role - beyond the 
peripheral - for mind in the universe - perhaps not. }


One is always searching for the syntactics, however; it is by means of
coding and encoding that the universe is grasped.

{ The universe is never grasped; instead, the masquerade of abstract tacit 
knowledge comes into play, those equations describing strings or star 
formation for example. 'Grasping' references at best the mediation of the 
abstract in lieu of touch, a sympathetic rather than empathetic, universe. 
Is the code 'our own' - invented or discovered, descriptive or explanatory 
- is it something untoward, inexplicable? The world slips through our 
fingers as metaphysics is approached, the idiocy of the real and suffering 
of organisms left far behind. }


The analog slips through the fingers. The world slips through the fingers.

{ The analog is the slipping and the fingers. The analog is the world. 
Death takes the body and the world. The analog cannot be grasped any more 
than a landscape without a point-of-view, punctum, can be grasped. The 
analog is sightless, pointless. }


Any element of a raster is independent of any other element. Any element
may be transformed without transforming any other element. Truth values
within the digital are problematic. The digital is cleanly separable,
breakable. The digital is clean.

{ Every element is unique, parameterized. Every element is a point, 
letter, stone, phoneme, town, limb, virus, galactic center. Elements know 
no history, no neighbors, neighborhoods. Elements are pointless, the 
residue of the real within the digital. Cleanliness is an ideal; the 
digital is dependent on quiescence, silence, repression. Neither truth nor 
falsehood are harbored within the digital; nothing is. }


Any element of the analogic real is interconnected and inseparable. The
transformation of any element alters any other element. Truth values are
inherent. The application of truth values is digital. The analogic is a
membrane. The analogic is dirty, inseparable, unbreakable.

{ The analogic is the dirty little secret of the digital. The analog is 
abject, tawdry, sleazy, as-if and nothing more. The fissured body is a 
wound sutured in silence or resulting in death. The digital is an appli- 
cation upon the body of the analogic. The digital functions as a gate 
against the analogic. The digital is the enclave of the rich; the finer 
the raster, the richer the enclave. }


The dirty analogic problematizes its symbolic. The clean digital is
already symbolic.

{ A symbol within the analogic is trouble already. Some piece of something 
stands for some piece of something. The digital is a standing-for, a 
standing-in; this is one of the difficulties of the digital - for standing 
implies a kind of truth, and standing is a function, open to manipulation. 
Change something in the analogic symbolic, and you change the real. Change 
something in the digital, and who knows? }


The digital object is analogic.

{ At its foundation, the digital object is an object like any other; a cd 
is a manufactured disk. This ontology is independent of raster, protocol, 
and so forth as ideality. Think of it as base and superstructure: the base 
is _there,_ an increasingly wounded planet; the superstructure is whatever 
the airwaves/fiberoptic supports. Thus the emic of the digital is onto- 
logically distinct from the emic of the analogic, but the etic of the 
digital is within the emic of the analogic. >


The analogic representation is digital.

{ At its foundation, the analogic representation is like any other; a 
symbol is a symbol and all representations might as well be analogic. 
This epistemology is dependent upon structure, perhaps raster as well. 
Think of it as base and superstructure: the base is _there,_ an increas- 
ingly wounded planet; the superstructure is whatever the airwaves/fiber- 
optic supports. }


Ghosts are embedded within the analogic. Ghosts are excluded from the 
digital. Ghosts haunt the digital from without.

{ A ghost problematizes the real. A ghost never disappears, never appears 
- it is something else, somewhere else, a disturbance, uncanny, mesmeric. 
Of course the dead are ghosts. The digital sifts them out - rather, the 
digital excludes them from the sifting-process altogether. But the ghosts 
are there, on the periphery, as if embedded in the parasitic noise of the 
wires, spherics of very low frequency radio. And they're sensed, waiting 
for Bell's theorem to materialize. }


Absence or exclusion from the digital is equivalent to non-existence from 
the viewpoint of the digital. Ghosts are existence and existents within 
the analogic.

{ Political enumeration creates new 'realities' out of death camps, death 
squads, killing fields, concentration camps, refugee camps. What is 
excluded from the digital is excluded from the symbolic: it never existed. 
What ever existed can never take the form of ghosts. There are no ghost- 
traps for chimera. }


The digital envelops the act of differentiation; the analog envelops
integration. The analog smoothes what the digital disrupts.

{ Ah, perhaps the heart of _things._ The digital is the process and result 
of taking-apart; the analog is inert. In relation: The jump-cut or dis- 
tinction of the digital is transformed into the continuity of bodies and 
consciousness in the analog; difference is subsumed. Perhaps difference is 
repressed; perhaps the dead of the camp are buried, the graves are 
smoothed over, they were never there, no one ever died. Whatever distinc- 
tions are made within the digital, whatever rasters, protocols, divisions, 
clean and proper bodies, conjurations - these disappear in time; the 
things of the digital wear out. What remains is a memory of ideality and 
the ideality of memory; the mercury delay lines, ten-inch floppies, long- 
playing records, vhs cassettes, no longer play - no longer play anywhere. 
Analog and digital succumb within the silence of the analog. I can hardly 
remember who died; did someone die? }


The digital requires a place to stand. The digital requires an origin. The
analog of Cartesian coordinates is countermanded by the discrete and
arbitrary location of the origin.

{ The Origin of Cartesian coordinates is the last refuge of the ego (I 
think it was Weyl who pointed this out). This place to standing, this 
standing-place, is the origin of the digital as well; it is the place from 
which raster and parameter are counted. The digital image is tabulated, 
line and row. But the digital is also manufactured, produced; even the 
collapse of the wave function is a production. And such production 
requires an origin as well; the digital does not come from nowhere; it is 
in the hands, the grasp, of political economy, of capital. }


The digital draws a distinction; the analog erases it.

{ To draw a distinction is to divide, to construct the symbolic. The 
wearing-down of the distinction 'makes it dirty,.' The pun is analog, 
dirty; the pun leaps from meaning to meaning, conflating, confusing 
inscriptions. Nothing is safe from the pun. }


To draw a distinction is the construct a potential well, within which the
distinction functions, in spite of the corrosion of the world.

{ The world leaps at the digital, attacks it from all sides. The potential 
well is a construct, protecting the encoding, decoding, data-banks and 
their maintenance. The potential well is well above the physical tolerance 
of the embedding of the code; it's an enclave, shored by capital; for all 
intents and purposes - for all purposes - it's designed to exist forever, 
just as the ideality of the digital is eternal. }


To erase a distinction is to corrode it, to sublimate it to the analogic
real, the plasmatic world.

{ A distinction is timeless; the analog brings it time as a gift, the body 
suffers, is lost, sintered, disappears. The plasmatic world is shit, 
neither one thing nor another, neither within nor without, neither body 
nor environment, neither emic nor etic. Nothing can survive this; there is 
nothing to survive. }


The plasmatic world is the heated world in which distinctions last less
time than the processes required to convey information. The plasmatic
world, a theoretical construct, is necessarily inoperable. The world of
the landscape - without a preferred viewpoint - is such a world.

{ The plasmatic world: the world of plasma. Think of this as inconceiv- 
able, thoughtless. If the digital is forever, the analogic is of the 
moment. The infinitely fine raster transforms the digital into time and 
its passage. If the map is the territory, both corrode, and, to be noted, 
both are useless. }


The cold-world is the world of the permanence and transformations of
distinctions. The cold-world is a world of potential wells, in which signs
convey, remain - in which structures remain intact, in which semantic
content flows through structures.

{ The cold-world: The eternal physical world, the no-process world, no- 
dream world, no-thought world. When everything remains intact, observers 
disappear; there's nothing to see, no one or thing to see. }


The digital quantifies the analog.

{ Well, yes, the digital quantifies any thing, anything, any ontology, 
transforming and embedded within epistemologies. Drawing a distinction, 
making a difference: natural numbers, ordinals, integers, we can count on 
them. }


The digital carries a price-tag.

{ The digital is carried by fiscal/political economy. The digital is a 
wager; the digital means business. }


Coding, by its very nature, is digital, that is to say, discrete.

{ I'd think that fuzzy coding may be discretely mapped. Discrete in both 
senses of the word: independence of units, codons, but also discrete in 
the sense of well-behaved; etiquette and coding are inseparable. Coding is 
always well-bred. }


Never, 'above,' as 'below,' but 'as above,' apparent 'as below.' Metaphor
and metonymy are always already tropes, within the digital.

{ Parts for wholes, parts sliding against parts, parts standing-in for 
parts; within the analogic, parts are holes, sintered, untethered, 
violate. }


The signifier does not reference the signified; it creates it from the
analogic. The creation of a signifier re-inscribes the signified
elsewhere; as in Saussure's example, the signifier never operates 'within'
the real, but within a chain of signifiers, a hermeneutics on the plane of
the Other, which inauthentically appears to create the 'Originary' plane,
i.e. Creation.

{ Back and forth; the signified is a creation, the world transformed into 
economy, the world economically transformed. Once the plane takes off, the 
landing-field is inscribed; a plane crash tears an economy apart. }


To create by speech ('and the Lord said') is always already to embody the
creation as inscription. Inscription separates the inscribed and thereby
created entity from its complement, the inscribed world external to the
inscribed and created entity.

{ The entity was always there, unmarked, unremarked, unnoticed. Now the 
entity comes to the foreground, is foregrounded, becomes entity. Speech 
creates nothing; the performative is dependent (as everything else within 
inscription, as we have seen) upon economy; if saying 'I now pronounce you 
man and wife' does anything, it's the result of the skein of laws and 
practices already set down. The pronouncing is not performative; the 
system performs, and the system has an economic base, a base within the 
real. This is not marxism or sociology; this is culture all the way down. 
Take away the skein, and one is left with sounds, nonsense, uninterpret- 
able, somewhere the memory of language. }


A system of inscriptions appears coherent and closed. 

{ Sememes function as if closed; in reality, they are piecemeal, broken.  
The symbolic is deeply incoherent; the analogic is deeply coherent, 'of a 
piece.' Think of a game of culture, increasingly territorializing its 
inscriptions and the real; culture is a continuous negotiation with, and 
forestalling of, the abject. Better wear a raincoat; water rises, the 
landscape is devoured. }


Somewhere von Foerster characterizes organism by negation. Negation is the
first speech act. Negation is the primary speech act, 'not this, not that'
- 'avoid that - that is dangerous' - 'do not go there.'

{ To negate negation is almost never to return to the original; it is to 
continue elsewhere. There are negation-chains, disturbances of the real, 
phobias. Binary systems begin with a distinction, separation; binary 
systems begin closed, those two over there, doing nothing. Something from 
the outside, something parasitic, begins to make a difference, another, an 
other, difference. Something starts. Something starts something. }


To negate is to inscribe. To negate is to create. The creation of an
entity is always a carving-away. The creation of an entity implies a
reduction relative to that entity.

{ Any creating requires energy; any creation requires maintenance. 
Artifacture bridges analog and digital, maintained from without, worn from 
within, medicated from without, exhausted from within. }


The digital is the carving-away of what is deemed extraneous. The digital
saws into the extraneous, which is its residue.

{ The residue of the digital is of no consequence, trash, garbage, abject. 
The residue of the digital is forgotten, lost, unnumbered, unaccounted-for 
and uncounted. }


The residue is the residue of the analog; the residue is parasitic, noise.

{ The residue slough, slushes, spews; the residue is parasitic upon the 
source and encoding of its expulsion. Limit the noise, listen and there's 
always noise. Noise isn't white, pink, brown; residue noise is colorless, 
without attribute or attribution. }


The digital is noiseless, absolute silence.

{ Whatever the digital does, it participates in 'the fragility of the 
good,' while the 'bad' occupies whole bandwidths, worlds. The good is the 
thinnest conceivable slice; it's almost not there, it disappears. Outside 
the digital, the digital is inaudible; there's nothing outside the code, 
not even silence. }


The analog is absolute noise.

{ Yes, what it is, unfathomable, just there. And what's there is unab-
sorbed, and it takes x-amount to absorb, classify, divide, construct. If 
the digital tends towards the immanent, the analog tends toward the 
imminent. As if noise had anything to do with time whatsoever. As if there 
were beginnings and endings. }


The circle of signifiers washes against mental impressions. The image of
something is always already a construct (Sartre, rule-bound, but the
image of the image is analogic.

{ Think of the image of the image as no image at all, some sort of escape 
from the ox-herding pictures. Impressions are what remains when all these 
sorts of categories disappear. A kind of blind momentum. }


If something is an analog of something else, both suffer from similar
noise. Both suffer from similarity.

{ To say something is an analog is to use 'analog' in a different sense, 
the sense of analogy. Once similarity, once similar noise, is perceived, 
isn't it all over with the establishment of equivalence classes? Here a 
dog, there a dog. Already something discrete seems to be emerging, over 
here, over there. }


If something is a representation of something else, both draw structures
from each other.

{ Representation is mutual-mediation; signifier and signified are both 
signifiers, both signified. This is a kind of resonance inhabiting the 
sememe; nothing is as clear as it seems, there's no ontology uncontamin- 
ated by the other, no epistemology that doesn't leak at the edges. }


The analog is unstructured; the digital is structured.

{ Again, the analog is nothing at all, even a structure within the 
analogic is unstructured. }


The analog is communality, use-value. The digital is community,
exchange-value. Exchange may be direct or indirect, transitive. Exchange
may be based on apparent equivalence, on agreement, on contract. Exchange
binds entity to entity. Exchange defines entity. Exchange defines entity
in relation to (by virtue of) entity.

{ These old marxist categories... Use value is always already cultural, 
but nonetheless is distinguished from exchange-value. The latter is part 
and parcel of equivalence systems, rasters, encodings, codons; the former 
is the real within the real. But 'use' implies function, and function 
implies categorization, divisions, inscriptions as well. Think of the 
analog/use and digital/exchange as dirty polarizations; the distinction is 
metaphorically useful but metaphysically suspect. }


Analogic use-value is imminent and immanent. Digital exchange-value is
distanced, defined. Analog is subject; digital is object. The object of
digital is subject to analog. Exchange replaces use. The subject of analog
is object to digital. Exchange replaces use.

{ Digital exchange-value is produced by virtue of transitive systems;  
analog use-value occurs within intransitivities. One might speak of a
parabolic trajectory from use through exchange to use: a hand-ax used as
such by someone then becomes an economic unit of exchange and is traded to
someone else who uses it. Back and forth, the real is sawn apart. }


Digital is always already a presumed contamination of the real. The
presumption is always already false.

{ The etic digital stirs up the emic real? The digital stirs up nothing
but itself. (The digital has its emic too.) }


The analog is always already a presumed healing or suturing of the real.
The presumption is always already false.

{ The maternal analog against the phallic digital? Hardly;  the analog
stirs up just about everything. }


Without the digital, communication would be impossible. The ideality of
the feral world is equivalent to the world under erasure.

{ All organisms possess culture, distinctions, language, communicability, 
memory, sensation, sensory surfaces and membranes. The feral world is 
non-existent, just as 'wild' is non-existent - what we are considering, in 
reality, are other species' cultures. Draw a distinction, negation, 
there's the digital; don't draw it, and everything's dead. }


To throw away the scaffold is to retain it. To retain everything, releases
everything.

{ Nothing's released, nothing's thrown away. The scaffold is a raster. 
Released from the raster is the raster. }

{ Let's just say it's all unaccountable, unaccounted-for - the real, the 
digital, anything and everything and nothing else. Let's just let it go. }


'Wovon man nicht sprechen kann, darueber muss man schweigen.'
(Wittgenstein) - is already lost.

{ There: someone has said something, perhaps for the first time, perhaps 
for the last. }

