

Catalog Essay, The World Gallery, Asheville, N.C. 1989

The Figure When It's Speaking (1)


The figure no longer becomes itself as it moves, merges, into an
ascertaining-function. Representing by proxy, others, thus a trans-
itive and ruptured term in the discourse of meaning. The body has
become "figure"; no longer content, "figure" continues throughout the
semblance of speech. "no longer" characterizes the figure's mimicry,
its position on "double fronts," its speech within its lack of speech
- therefore its silent speaking, reduced to silence; therefore pro-
duced as absence and who can doubt the feminine here? Thus the plia-
bility of the insistent figure - pliable, as it routes its way through
the speech of the other, and insistent: the speaking figure is fated
to repeat, repetition; it is a monolith of speech, a singularity. It
is the bearer of a message whose witness is the other, always the
other; speech cannot slip within a stream from a figure whose only
position is immobility and deliverance.

"Great Kant" Help me! Maria von Herbert writes, and her writing is
immobilized; she remains elsewhere, dead - a suicide-talk of efface-
ment: "In 1803, nine years after her last letter, Maria did in fact
commit suicide." "Great Kant, As a believer calls to his God, I call
upon you for help, for solace, or for counsel to prepare me for death.
The reasons you gave in your books were sufficient to convince me of a
future existence - that is why I have recourse to you - only I found
nothing, nothing at all for this life, nothing that could replace the
good I have lost. For I loved an object that seemed to me to encompass
everything within itself, so that I lived only for him." ... "But that
inner feeling that once unbidden led us to each other, it is no more.
O my heart splits into a thousand pieces. If I hadn't read so much of
yor work I would certainly have taken my own life by now. But the
conclusion I had to draw from your theory stops me - it is wrong for
me to die because my life is tormented, and I am instead supposed to
live because of my being. Now put yourself in my place and either damn
me or give me solace. I read the metaphysic of morals and the categor-
ical imperative, and it doesn't help a bit. My reason abandons me just
where I need it most. Answer me, I implore you, or you yourself will
not be acting according to your own imperative." ... Her address is
"care of the white lead factory" in Klagenfurt, Carinthia; Kant later
refers to her as "the ecstatical young lady." In the midst of his
Critiques, turmoil; Kant did not answer Maria's second and third
letters (the very speaking permits us the use of her _first_ name, and
his _second_). Nothing has _happened;_ one reading leads to another,
and a certain wager is produced - that of the very _site_ of philoso-
phy, of discourse - within or without the body? as an _action_ of
speech, or merely an exhausted residue, within which no trace of the
body can be found? Kant did not answer Maria's second and third let-
ters, referring them to someone else, presumably for didactic purpos-
es. Did not answer: there was only science, unequivocal, an absence,
immobilization. To speak once, to declaim the monolith, is not to
speak at all - but to tokenize speech, endlessly produce and reproduce
a sonority devoid of meaning. Beneath this the woman chatters, gos-
sips, chattering and gossiping on the way to death. The wager is lost,
speech contained.

The barrenness engendered by the sterility of art in its continuous
production of figures and representations is countermanded by the gift
of speech; the figure, no longer formal or given over to "primary
matter," is foregrounded as a discourse which involves a linguistic
semiotics. This shifts the terms of the crisis, and a whole system of
strategies shifts with it, but language remains within the emblematic.
The viewer perceives what but a form of advertising-discourse; what
else could possibly remain in the piecemeal culture of late capital? A
somwhat apocalyptic stand occurs: ...  "I beg permission in advance to
visit you. You will have to tell me your life's story then, and
whether it never seemed worth the trouble to you to take a wife or to
give yourself to someone with all your heart or to reproduce your
likeness. I have an engraved portrait of you by Bause from Leibpzig
_(sic),_ in which I see a calm moral depth although I cannot discover
there the penetration of which the _Critique of Pure Reason_ above all
is proof and I am also dissatisfied not to be able to look you right
in the face." Against the totalization of reason (allowing the _ding-
an-sich,_ "thing-in-itself" to pave the way towards that Romanticism
of which Maria has already _spoken_), the face appears. In Maria's
letters, the body plays itself out, transformed into a figurative
likeness engraved by Bause; Kant's dull, boring life is absented ex-
cept by its continuous activity of scribbling against the eccentric
totality of the _woman._ Kant writes and writes and writes; Maria
speaks the full presence of the body that cannot be contained within
her letters and their engendering absences ("Kant did not reply"...),
despairs, is effaced, dies, republished in _Kant, Philosophical Cor-
respondence 1759-99,_ edited and translatad by Arnulf Zweig, Chicago,
1967 (Midway Reprint 1986).

So speech is there within the figure, figural - it is there, literal-
ly, operating throughout representation, wagering the life of the
artist against her/his body. It is a meagre thing, speech is, _speak-
ing_ through an _exhibition,_ a site or body of a site. It speaks only
once, monotonously repeating. Beyond it is the void of substance;
speech gathers abjection, forestalls death.

She writes "Will you guess what my sole sensuous wish is, and fulfill
it, if it is not too inconvenient. Please do not become indignant if I
implore you for an answer, which my jabbering will have discouraged."

Isn't art, too, a form of jabbering? Aren't we all sisters under the
skin? Don't you pause once in a while in the midst of conversation?
Aren't you ever afraid you're wrong? Aren't you haunted by dreams of
yourself? Paintings appear in your sleep, parental images? Aren't all
images parental images? Don't you produce and reproduced haunted by
death? Isn't it hard to listen to the news? Aren't your thoughts
almost always elsewhere? Don't you have enough worries? Don't you?
(I'd almost say: "Even so, when Maria writes, run to her! Run faster
than the mail or telephone; faster than the speed of light! Run to her
before the speaking ends, before the likeness is completed. Meaning
and despair are one; her talk with you is the only hope there is.")

.  .  .

(1) By "figure," I refer simply to representational works of art con-
taining the human figure. By "speaking," I refer to works of art em-
ploying the figure as a carrier or embodiment of a discourse - as a
religious ikon, for example, is an embodiment, or as a cartoon char-
acter is the carrier of a message placed in a "thought balloon." Be-
cause artworks are stationary, their messages are monolithic - they
continue to say the same thing, over and over again, just as a thought
balloon is fixed in content. I argue that such repetition results in
misrecognition and stasis (since the message is transparent, exhaust-
ing itself), and this stasis relates to an effacement of alterity
within phallocentric discourse. Then Immanuel Kant steps into the pic-
ture, and Maria von Herbert, the sister of Baron Franz Paul von Her-
bert (owner of a lead factory), steps out.


+++

