

Art Papers, 9/10 1989


Towards A Primary Differentiation Between Film and Video


Historically, both film and video are 19th-century manifestations. The
concept of an eletrical scanning or linearization of the real (i.e.
the reproduction of the two-dimensional representation of three-dimen-
sional space by means of a one-dimensional line repeatedly folded back
upon itself within a single field) developed first. For television to
become commercially feasible, however, fairly sophisticated electronic
technology is necessary. Film disseminated several decades before
video by virtue of its grounding in mechanism. All that was necessary
was the perfection of the pulldown claw in relation to the manufactur-
ing of a flexible film base of reasonable tolerance. Today, film and
video have interpenetrated throughout the production of commodities
ultimately destined for one or the other venue. This merging combines
two very different sites or phenomenologies of representation, which
are described below.

Although super 8mm still retains an edge over 3/4" U-Matic video in
terms of resolution, film and video may be considered ultimately
equivalent in the degree of quantitative information presented per
frame. This is based on the development of high-definition television
(HDTV) which will reproduce about half the information present in a
35mm slide. Industrial or military scanning systems can present as
many as 10,000 lines to the frame - compared to the 500+ in commercial
television or the 450+ in high-end popular tape formats. Therefore we
do not look for a primary differentiation between the two media in
terms of quantitative information (sharpness or contrast ratio).

The primary differentiation is not located in histories or practices,
although these vary widely. We acknowledge a materialism at work here,
and ignore the class-dialectical aspects, including research programs,
demographics, etc. Although intertwined with the technology, we con-
sider them surface phenomena.

The viewing milieus (normative venues) of film and video are
different: theater versus home, external versus internal illumination.
The viewer perceives the television set as one object among many (a
piece of furniture to be _watched_), and the film screen as that
absence of object within a spectacular and darkned space (a field to
be _seen_). Television occurs in light, an everyday space of idle
conversation, while film is presented in a darkness impregnated with
meaning. But the primary differentiation lies elsewhere.

(Of course we are constructing a myth of the cave and the stoa. This
is traced in the form of the essay itself, in its narrative, which
occupies the narrative of film or video. Every spectatorial experience
occupies time, develops by virtue of the rupture at both ends.)

Film, from an ontological viewpoint, is a translation of one material
stratum, the potential visibility of the real, into another. This
translation occurs from the position of a third, the sources of
illumination of the former. This position is that of a mediation which
embeds itself by virtue of the latter.

From this viewpoint, the mapping that occurs (by virtue of perspec-
tival optics) appears to be an allegiance, an internalization of the
perceived by the film stratum. (The film, defined by an anti-halation
layer, is considered to be a two-dimensional surface. Of course this
is never true; film is a volume, and this complicates matters.) The
alleigance is in the form of similitude or alignment. One is concerned
with a projective geometry of an ideal sort itself translated into an
applied mathematics jostling between two materialities.

Video, however, is a translation which involves an ontological break
(_ontology at work,_ even in the application of the Marxist theory of
reflection, designed to return information theory once again to the
practical-inert); it occurs between a material stratum and a potential
well of discrete (digital) or indiscrete (analog) reversible states
fully translatable and equivalent. This well is a momentary stasis, an
impediment or data bank, a node, within an idealized flow of communi-
cations. The well is characterized by electronic links; reversibility
guarantees ideal constructibility (and also an insipid and exhuasted
temporality - desire, produce, reproduce, desire, use as much time/
tape as you like!). Video has no allegiance to the material stratum
which is only one source, a source among many. Its allegiance in fact
is to a secondary narcissism: from external manipulation vis-a-vis a
human operator/subject to a total internalization as the image is
enfolded into the body. This internalization is in the form of a
circulation operating on the level of, and by the laws of, the _dream-
work_: condensation, displacement, inversion, substitution, and the
recuperation of the dream-time are the primary processes here.

Video is therefore the _cinema of thought_: cinema is _mediated by
thought._ Video turns the viewer back to him/herself; cinema returns
the viewer to the world. This is reflected in the technology involved.
The film apparatus is ultimately mechanical; even the nicad batteries
translate into motor operations. But video translates into parameter-
ization, the isolatable and isolated constituents of information, and
the image is manipulated in an idealized (imaginary/Imaginary) space
devoid of representation. Film may approach this space, and this is
the influence of video, but the approach is mechanical, clumsy - the
use of numerous camera passes, matte and optical effects, slit-scan
technology, motion control, etc. Music video, television, and the
hysteria of spectactular consumption have influenced cinematic repre-
sentation to the point that it attempts to appropriate this idealized
space for itself. The frame becomes a construction: as in set theory,
the universe of images becomes equivalent to their _constructibility._
Economics and audience demographics ar at stake. Media proliferate
beneath the guise of capital.

The primary state of video (down to the alignment of magnetic domains
on the tape itself) is switched, reversible, impermanent; the state of
film is fragile (subject to wear, to the "ravages of time"), irre-
versible. A developed film is in a sense identical to its embedded
images. The images carried by tape represent a temporary stasis.

Manipulation in video occurs within a discrete state-space: the al-
teration of the image occurs within the identical closure of its
production. Manipulation in film is a posteriori to source (often
occurring in other generations); while the frame is discrete in film,
thus enveloping the real as occupant, the pixel is discrete in digi-
tal video, producing empty polarity as the potential for minimal
content. (_Nowhere_ does the real appear in either, except as dis-
order, disorderly.)

Deconstruction in film (i.e. the self-reflexivity/criticality of post-
May '68 political cinema) is the deconstruction of the mediation of
the real; this mediation is a primary object of film theory. Decon-
struction-closure (a contradiction in terms) in video transforms into
a surrealism guaranteeing the subject, subjectivity, narcissistic
processes and slippage, as well as an ultimate decontextualization in
which the objects of the world are recognized as colonized subjects
which themselves reproduce (both within video and without it) the
manipulated contents of the screen.

The object as represented in the film frame is a category of linkages
forming a Jordan (closed) curve with an interior and exterior defined
by noisy (grain) boundaries. The object reprsented in the video frame
is a system of accumulations exhausted in time and presenting the
analog of a Jordan curve viewed from a suitable distance; these accu-
mulations are characterized by their presentation across scan lines
"contradicting" the topology of the object.

In video, the contingent or continguous object. In film, the represent-
ation permeated by noise. (In video, noise too!)

For the viewer, the video image is ideal, "psychoanalytical." The film
image is archeologial, embedded within an object psychology.

The video image is a top-down presentation of discrete translations of
sets of elements; these translations are dependent upon mathematical
transformations and the primary source material (internally or extern-
ally generated). In film, the translations ("special effects") are an
interplay of constructions of all sorts, ultimately based on a mechan-
ical-optical technology which has changed little from the time of the
_Encyclopedia._

The filmmaker organizes herself/himself around part-objects: splicer,
editing table, bins, synchronizers, footage counters, magnetic and
optical readers, gloves, glue, tape. These generate mechanical-optical
activities in the form of juggling between signifiers and semiotic
systems. Such activities transform the configuration of the workprint
itself, an object. The videomaker recognizes the prsence of drives and
pathways which are electronically constrained. The semiotics is built
into the editorial apparatus which generates signs. If film operates
under difference, video operates under division. If film is additive,
video multiplies into noise and overload.

In video, the representation of external reality (as if reality were
external!) is immediately placed within an exchange system. Using a
home camcorder, for example, both internal and external titling (in-
volving key effects) create inserts into any image. Those portions of
the image which are masked are exchanged for other content (titles,
etc.), which form a second and equivalent level of representation.
Since in simple inserts, luminosity determines the areas to be occu-
pied by the second level, luminosity is defined as a parameter against
"content." Video synthesizers with external inputs, digital editors,
etc., are all capable of the same. In film, the filter often falls
between the camera and the scene to be filmed; the filter becomes an
editorializing apparatus within the "theater of the real." This is
also true for simple keyhole matting and special effects. (The
mattebox and the filter are _objects._)

Video operates within a hueristics of discrete logics, that, through
the presence of an increasingly fine mesh, reproduce the presence of
the body. The body is simultaneously here, there, elsewhere. The body
of video is self-contained, logical, surrealistic, drema-logical. The
discrete frame of film may be contradicted by gestural logics that
play aross it, the indefinite spectrum of light and dark, shadows,
luminosities, paralleling the transgressive play of gestural logics
across the spectator's body. But the film is internalized by the
spectator, while video internalizes the spectator.

Film is _abject,_ shadow and material, abstract and reprsentation. It
is dirty, and always dirty; noise adheres to it in the form of object-
particles - dust, hair, spores, earth. The dirtiness of film is the
presence of the flesh, the imminency of flesh. It is the flesh of the
actor or actress which presents itself. Cinematic pornography is more
powerful and empowered than its video equivalent; the theater is the
consummation of _illicit_ masturbation, fetishization, and the realm
of skin descending to spectatorial transgression. Video pornography is
simply the presence of other people. Video noise is a displacement of
the image; film dirt is a condensation, an adhesion of parasitic
material to the supposedly clean and proper body. Deep down, we know
the body is never clean. Cinema is pornographic by its very nature (is
that the primary differentiation?). Cinema procures us in the negation
of etiquette and its replacement by the longing of touch. One touches
the dirt of the film. Video is always polite.

And video is the cinema of thought - a complete equivalence of
objects in which a horse and man, for example, may be placed upside-
down in the sky; in which a woman, for example, may be exchanged for
the man. This is paradoxically the totalization of the real, a total-
itarianism in which every object is subject and subject to manipula-
tion. To the extent that video is indexical (and film ikonic), manipu-
lation has uncomfortable implications for the theater of the real.
Everything becomes part-object under capital: video makes capital of
the traditional alienation-effect (Marx, Brecht), in which objects are
mediated by commodification and abstract labor. The simulacrum
appears. Film gets away with this because of the very intransigence,
inertia, of the theatrical. Precisely because it is theatrical, it is
real. Precisely because video is real, it is not theatrical. Video
flows into secondary narcissistic processes. The landscape of the
dream.

In both video and film, the audience works. To work through the dream-
work is to work. Everyone knows this who bothers to even watch an
audience.

It should be noted that the self-referentiality of video is fundamen-
tal, in spite of everything. This is why it may be _watched._ An
object in love with itself. Speaking in video is fundamental, saying
this or that, and it's like a snapshot, appears like one in any case.
This gives programs such as _60 Minutes_ their power: Be quite! Some-
one's talking! The small speakers of the television set guarantee the
presence of someone. She's over there. Video is always _present_ in
this regard; she's speaking _now,_ but we don't care - we're simply
listening to her.

The acoustic and maternalizing space of the film is far more complex;
here I note only the relationship of the sound to the introjection of
the diegesis, as well as the phenomenology of a space that is ultim-
ately an interiority. The theater is the space of the spoken, the
spectatorial space in which the optical perspective of the camera/
projector combination (the optical _machine,_ in fact, organizing the
space of the real within a totalization of mechanism and recall) is
displaced by an ungrounded acoustics. The dream-screen is not the
visible, but the audible. One enters into a space that is hearing
itself, fulfilled with transparencies and digressions, overlaps and
chatterings that deconstruct location, and the site of the spectator.
What the spectator or viewer _does_ is _see,_ what is _occurring_ is
_hearing._ This is a fundamental distinction in cinema; again, there
is a primary difference between film and video. In film, one _hears;_
in video, one _listens._ If video is of the present and present, film
is the time of the subject.

Just as the "I" of this essay is a problematic construct, polarizing
and institutionalizing the process of its reading, so the ostensible
content of this essay is also problematic deployed along and against
contradictory institutions. One sees signs of this immediately in the
blurred distinctions between "film" and "cinema," and between
"television" and "video." "Film" is used in general to refer both to
the technology and its consequences; "cinema" - already economically
institutionalized - points to a certain narratology that, I would
claim, is inherent both in mental process and the technology itself.
While "television" both refers to an apparatus and its deployment,
"video" implies the internalized information - electronic constructs -
as well as styles operative off of those constructs, such as the image
manipulation developed at the Chicago Institute of Art.

Some final points need to be mentioned here - first, I believe that
the narratology of film and video is rooted not only in the
conventions of representations, economics, and fashion - but also in
the "operations" of the mind itself using models, for example, from
cognitive psychology). This alignment with neural matter, in a sense,
is what gives film and video their enormous power. The former is also
augmented by the psychoanalytics of theatrical architecture, the
latter by its everyday habitus. (I've developed this argument at
length in "Theses on the Inversion of the Cinema.)

Criticism 1: But the presence of economics, demographics, the
constitution of the spectator, gaze, etc. - are not secondary sources
"applied" to fundamental technological differences; instead, the
presentations (productions) themselves are complicated _from the
beginning) by virtue of the confluence of these areas - their virtual
_embedding_ in technology.

Criticism 2: Furthermore, Freudian processes can shift across media;
they're not local inhabitations, dependent upon them.

Defense of poverty: Deeper, perhaps, I'd again invert this argument,
however, to recuperate a difference within and beyond the history of
the media. For it's evident - the "experimentations" in film or video
that have extended their boundaries, have developed in very different
directions. A great deal of experimental video uses digital editing,
reverting perhaps to a critical-theory phenomenology of equivalence
and industrial massification. (Almost, but not quite, and this is all
the difference in the world.) Even video concerned with gender issues
often foregrounds editing. This is not true in film, in which differ-
ent identification processes appear to be at work; opticals are often
restricted to fades, wipes, and pixillation effects. Even prior to
music video, the evening news stressed an accumulation of signifiers
and "pop" signs heralding one story or another. Although it is tech-
nically truer in video that 'you are there," in terms of a news story,
"you are there" implies either a radio or cinematic presentation in
which the spectator is simultaneously the production of an intro-
jection and at the deployment of an apparent representation of the
real.

To summarize: Film appears to be at the service of the materiality of
everyday life, which is transformed into the theatrical; television
displaces the same materiality in favor of a reflection/disassocia-
tion substrate. Film cuts into the real; television cuts across it.
Film implies use value (every object on a dressing table in a 1940s
drama, for example, _signifies_); television implies exchange. And if
television is postmodern (in the Lyotardian sense), film is
_premodern_ at best, or else a remove from the terms of the discussion
altogether.



---


Two Films:


_Sleazy and the Year 3000,_ 1987: Sound by Damaged Life. Woman: Marlis
Schmidt.

_Debrisfilm,_ 1989: Digital guitar produced by David Smith.

This stage of my filmwork involves projections of narrative encapsu-
lated by death. The first film territorializes sleaziness and the fu-
ture. Sleaziness is culturally problematic, a site possessing a
lumpen-economics, sexualities deployed across the fetishied body - its
graininess, the citation of the torn or cauterized, and so forth. The
sleazy corrupts, corrodes; presence and the present vanishes. What a
violence emerges! As in Ballard's _Crash,_ car and organism are one;
each wounds and sutures the other. The future wanders around the pre-
sent, expands it into an infinite longing which is rootless and insis-
tent on a denuded absolute. Nothing is fulfilled. The year 3000 is
sufficiently "foreign" in terms of projection/projectiles (imagina-
tion/imaginary) that it becomes another deployment, the beginning and
stuttering of narrative and diegesis.

Thus against these fields, narrative falters, is born, hystericizes,
liquifies in the realm of jewels and genders, disappears. The film
ends. Hold your breath.

It is the bearing of sexuality (baring of the filmmaker) that resolves
theory back into the body (no resolution here), but the body hopeless-
ly theorized, awash in speech. It is the baring of narrative (narra-
tive's sex) that longs for completion.

The second film wants to straighten it, operating on the plane of the
real. It drags the film in with it. Introduces and reintroduces
itself. It dissolves into turbulence, the temporary stasis of _anim-
als_ (large-scale "entities" remaining coherent in the midst of a
chaotic liquid), almost on the level of non-equilibrium thermodynam-
ics (plateaus of stabilization, such as organic systems). (This is in
your head.) But not quite.

Continues with the filmmaker's body, arousal states, sexuality mod-
elled on 1950s soft-core, incomplete, the shaved body swimming through
production debris. Exhibitions of a whore. The filmstock employed is
outdated for the most part, a gift from one or another filmmaker -
Phil Niblock, Leslie Thornton. Granularity swallows the body like
menses or semen. Body in idel chatter, flickering throughout its
development. Body of the film - what else is the film about?

(I question those films using sex, nakedness, and _always the other,_
never the filmmaker himself/herself. Arousal elsewhere. As if the line
to be drawn were against the apparatus. "He" gets involved when the
camera's off. Psychoanalytics and economics are involved: _"He" hires
her._ The case of the _same._ My films are poor films. I use myself,
present myself, a gift. Embed myself within desire, audience, abjec-
tion. The delight in all of this. The other body the self. what about
this nakedness, this heterosexuality, equation of film, power, state,
lassitude, weakness, perversion?)

What's present, a _clot_ or _coagulation,_ signification sinking, tak-
ing the State (the Metro!) along with it, branding me unwholesome, un-
welcome, beyond the Pale, undesierable. Flowing through your veins,
dissecting this particular sexuality always labelled _male,_ same,
jerk-off - this devouring sexuality in which the consensus-role of
theory liquifies in spontaneities. There's not enough said about this,
this placement of the clot against the sleazy orgasm sticking to the
real, as if puttering or identity were all there is to it. What spills
over is a politics that begins and ends with sputtering.

"Asked for what reason she had taken man's dress. She answered that
she had done so just now. Asked why, and who had induced her to do so.
She said, of her own will. And that nobody had forced her to do so.
And that she preferred man's dress to woman's.

"Wherefore she was reminded that she had sworn and promised never
again to wear male clothing. To which she replied that she had never
intended to take an oath not to take man's dress again.

"Being asked several more times why she had taken it again. She said
that she had done so because it seemed to her more suitable and con-
venient to wear man's dress being with men, than to wear woman's
dress."

(_Joan of Arc, Trial for Relapse,_ trans. Scott.)


+++

