
I found the excerpts below, gathered together from an old archive I
had of film-theory materials. They were responses I sent out almost 
a year ago, and since the list is quiet, I thought they might be of
interest somewhere here within this space, a kind of one-sided 
archaeology -

Alan

Has there been any work done on cinematic or specular identification
in relation to such Internet phenomena as the MUDs? What happens when
the gaze is mediated by ASCII? I'm particularly interested in the
unfolding of gender - not the usual gender/identity/transgression/
pick-your-sex descriptions - but the playing out of apparent phallo-
centricities on some of the lists. It's interesting to consider a
list as a silent film dominated by inner speech and the presence of
one character at a time. Each character "fills" her space for the
length of her message; only a kill file or early delete transforms
the narrative...

You can argue it both ways. I've worked as an experimental
filmmaker/videomaker, and find that film has the obvious possibility
of representing a maternal imaginary by the very virtue of a darkened
room; note that the boundaries of the theater tend towards
dissolution as if space were indefinite. This certainly opens the way
for screen memories (were such to exist) as well as an uncanny
ontology/epistemology. Brechtian alienation in contrast occurs within
a grounded Euclidean and somewhat mechanized space - re. the deus ex
machina operative in his plays, something entirely different.
Further, the space of the film theater is an acoustic space as well;
the sound, even when coming from the screen area, is also peculiarly
dimensionless. In this respect, then, the granularity of 16mm film for
example appears as a maternal grounding (think of striations within
Kristeva's *chora*) as opposed to video *noise,* which also has a
granularity, but is disruptive.

To sum up, in other words, the film experience is hardly alienating,
but just the opposite; it is only *not social* in the sense of an
imminent experience. Video is more problematic in this respect;
primarily social in its habitus, it absolves its own alienation
through an appearance of every-day *conversation.*

I must agree with Withers here, although what I see as a Brechtian
mechanicism (wd?) is replaced in DeBord by a grounded (?)
Hegelianism; it's DeBord, not Brecht (in spite of the radio I think)
who would subsume the occasion for virtual reality, etc. But DeBord,
like the Surrealists, comes across almost as a monarchist; the whole
Situationist movement was exclusionary, almost a cabal. I've always
felt that Situationism was accordingly short-circuited. It also
explains its appeal to the artworld today: You can have your
theoretical expertise, but you don't have to get your hands dirty.

Or perhaps there is no revolutionary film. A film could do one of two
things: It could bear witness (i.e. expose certain "truths" within a
revolutionary context), or it could instruct (i.e. how to use or
construct a particular weapon). It might also work as a catalyst of
class-consciousness (however one defines class), in which case
everything from Woodstock to Le Gai Savoir to Dog Day Afternoon, not
to mention The Harder They Fall, would have to be considered.

As far as "avant-garde" film goes - I'm not sure why you conflate
that with deconstruction. I think of Woody Allen as deconstructing/
working the paradigm, but I think of, for example, Sanborn and
Ahwesh's Deadman as working within a domain of its own.

I think avant-garde or "experimental" (terms are imprecise here) film
had already developed its own somewhat thick tradition - in the U.S.
particularly based on a montage/poetics style largely dominated by
male filmmakers; when feminist filmmakers came along the situation
changed, I think, much for the better. A great deal of work today is
based on social or psychoanalytical (not to mention multicultural)
issues reflecting the complexity of the world around us. This is not
deconstructive necessarily nor does it remain within a film/film
critique, but moves elsewhere. At this point, film/video technologies
merge for independents and the field is wide open, fed also by MTV
and non-MTV music tapes, oral histories, and just about everything
that can be aurally/visually constructed.

