

Perforations 3, 1992


*Knowledge-Flux*


-> Epistemologically, the very concept of knowledge flow questions the
structure of introspective self-consciousness. Digitizing - a form of
_matrix_ or _sieve_ topology - guarantees both the totalized reproduc-
ibility of formatted knowledge and its neutrality. The former refers
to the channelling of knowledge, and the latter to its "inertness" in
relation to the previously inviolate operations of introspection. Dig-
itizing also insures that knowledge is flux; flux necessitates gating
and continued channeling; these necessitate both gate-keepers and
data-locators. Introspections becomes a matter of location within cyb-
erspace.

-> Cyberspace is contentless; the last vestige of anthropocentrism to
disappear in postmodernism is _meaning_ itself. Meaning always spills
beyond the matrix; it is the occurring of a subterranean investment,
an excess which remains irreducible. What meaning remains is that of
_attribute-meaning,_ or _meaning-sub-x,_ where x refers to a given
cognitive domain and issues of translation.

-> From _beings_ to _Being,_ and from _meaning-sub-x_ to _Meaning_:
ultimately these are transformations from digital to analog, from
matrix to continuum, object to subject, inscription to fissure. The
rootedness of the latter is in the "ultimate" sense of Quine,
untranslatable, a regional morphology. The "message" within current
video and computer worlds, however, is that - as with McLuhan - the
medium _is_ the message, "content" replaced by (or equivalent to)
production-value.

-> What is production-value but the fetishizatio of representation -
the production of an overarching "originary" style - that absorbs
debris, seepage - that, in fact, _communicates_ value, the value of
production? Everywhere within cyberspace, Gibson and _Bladerunner_
notwithstanding, production occurs within the clean room where dirt
exists only as signifying. (Only the fissuring of the body escapes
this - even with body-production.)

-> The communication of production-value is the communication of the
channel as well; production-value represents the producer, the pro-
duct, the corporation, the medium, and the signified. Production-value
signifies economic and technological capital as well. Production-value
increases to the extent that it is recognized as such; it is main-
tained through recognition within the habitus.

-> The increased "slipperiness" of content is increased production-
value; it expands within knowledge-flux. The flux is always clean,
fetishized, redundant, continually overlapping itself, inscribing and
reinscribing. Breakdowns - computer viruses for example - ultimately
stop the machnery, scrap programs, create headaches; breakdowns fis-
sure flux, which recodes, redistributes, bypasses. (A model could be
drawn directly from the _Porifera,_ sponges whose cells gate and
channel nutrient-rich water throughout the body.)

-> It is not irrelevant to invoke Sartre's notion of seriality in cap-
italism here - the "inauthentic" group which coheres by virtue of a
secondary relation to alienated labor. For knowlege flux is the com-
munication of seriality; the machine operators (sysadmins) themselves,
nodal gate-keepers at the heads or tails of flux-vectors, speak and
think as-if thinking occurs. "But it is the machine in them that is
dreaming." (_Critique of Dialectical Reason._) The notion not only
brackets a group but also develops the group as an accumulation of
nodes or ruptures temporarily sampling and impeding flows, just like
ostensible "content" within an ideally foreclosed bureaucracy. Hence
introspection is challenged in flux-knowledge in two overlapping ways:
1. The contents of introspection are placed within a matrix, thereby
"cleansing" the operation (no leakage, no excess). 2. The introspec-
ting organism becomes a temporary but neccesary (so far) impediment to
digital flows.

-> It is clear that one witnesses a return to classical behaviorism
here, but an inverted behaviorism. There is no longer stimulus/re-
sponse; there are flows and impediments. The organism ultimately does
not "respond," but is bypassed. Instead of a response "fueled" by
interior energetics, the organism is swept by exterior energy; it
becomes a self-simulacrum.

-> If the organism ("human") becomes a self-simulacrum, it also
recognizes itself by virtue of representation. Body transformations,
for example, are no longer fissures, but inscriptions; they represent
capital, style, production value. The body produces itself, but pro-
duces itself within knowledge-flux - it is the result of knowledge-
flux. Inscriptions chatter, but do not dissolve, upon its surface.
_Within knowledge-flux, the body is always a representation._ The
presumed "shallowness" or "depthlessness" of postmdoernism is only
this matter of representation, which, in fact, is infinitely deep,
extending throughout knowledge-flux, throughout the entire domain. In
this sense, virtual reality is a contraction, not expansion of know-
ledge-flux; it is a classical representation of what cannot be rep-
resented - a representation for the given bandwidth of human sensory
receptors. (And the real is far more than that, of course - so that
_any_ virtual reality, even seamless and perfected, is always already
foreclosed.) The phenomenology of knowledge-flux is much more tenuous
and expansive than virtual reality; it is a gloss upon the real, or
the sheen upon the fetish itself.

-> On the level of technology, there is much to consider; the in-
creasing number of screens and resolution within them; the increased
emphasis on real-time displays and transformations; infinite spread-
sheets; invisible rasters; reconstruction of the "audio sphere" sur-
rounding the viewer; absolutely flat bandwidth responses (vis-a-vis
human perception); increasing fetishization and "blankness" of equip-
ment and display rooms; increased body feedback and monitoring of
responses; increased calculating speed and memory-densities; con-
tinued miniaturization; exponential increase in networking both with-
in and without the immediate environment; continuous "exfoliation" of
peripheral technologies and components; and decreased fixed standards
combined with translation technologies and polymorphic or environ-
mentally-sensitive standards. The body will come increasingly to
inhabit cyberspace, in terms of real time and the phenomenological
horizon of the organism. Cyberspace will increasingly "compact,"
self-(re)produce and self-monitor. Any question of "intelligence" -
artificial or not - will become increasingly irrelevant as new neu-
ral networks, nodes and vectors, arise.

-> On _Porifera_: "Two unique organizational attributes define sponges
and have played major roles in poriferan success. These two features
are the water current channels, or the _aquiferous system_ (and its
_choanocytes_), and the totipotent nature of sponge cells." ... "In-
creases in size and surface area are accomplished by folding of the
body wall into a variety of patterns. Furthermore, the variation in
the overall shapes of sponges results from different growth patterns
in various environments. This general plasticity in form and the fact
that most individual sponge cells are capable of radically altering
their form and function as needed compensate in part for the absence
of tissues and organs. The aquiferous system brings water though the
sponge and close to the cells responsible for food gathering and gas
exchange." ... "The volume of water moving through a sponge's aqui-
ferous system is remarkable." (Brusca and Brusca, _Invertebrates._)



*The Gate-Keepers (Routing in the Service of Community)


-> The gate-keepers exist within a double bandwidth: that of the chan-
nels before them, and that of the apparatus of decision-making. The
gate-keepers insert and withdraw filtration into the flow, retaining
or re-entering. Temporary skeins or matrices are at their beck and
call; attributes are ordered and reordered, events are described,
descriptions circulate as entities.

-> The gate or node is a moment of intensification, a vortex within
the machinery. What passes through also passes elsewhere, duplicates
and reduplicates itself.

-> The gate-keepers belong to a community; perhaps they are unionized.
They share customs; information shuttles between them. Information is
leverage, input and output; it is capital or scrip. Quantity enters
the picture only to flee again. The gate-keepers control flight; they
control exile. They are exiles, existing on the margin of the social
body.

-> Paradoxically, they have given up the evidence of their senses.
What exists on the screen is momentary, a souvenir as best, a brief
unwieldy turbulence within the current. The current is always ident-
ity, identity-flux. The gate-keepers to not see depth; they feel it.
They feel the depth of the real. It is clear as their lexicon of
operations.

-> They fear and admire viral attacks. They follow the virus through-
out the machine, observing its duplications and erasures. They are
aware, as is no one else, of its long and complex history. They are
witnessing the beginning of a form of life, literal life organization
within the clean and proper body. Ridding themselvs of the virus, they
speak to it. Interspecies communication. Other forms ensue.

-> They follow ghosts; the program is the ectoplasm. Languages develop
and collapse beneath them. They ride higher, forgetting the machine or
assembly codes saturating the electronic. This forgetting is called
"speech." They are concerned with nothing else except incoming.

-> Their bandwidths shudder and occlude: what is information, control;
what needs to be controlled; what is in charge? Everything shifts from
one to another level; there are no levels, only intensities. Sensory
input reduce! The senses are no longer necessary; bits fly in every
diretion, always coherent. They insist on the coherency of things;
they ride them.

-> On the margins of the mesh, there are operations; things devolve
against the exigencies of starvation, geopolitics, militarisms of all
sorts. These remain at the distance of infinite depth. Whispers return
along the pipeline, rumors. There are rumors of bodies, flesh always
translated into the symbolic.

-> Rumors are no longer necessary. The gate-keeper is a perfect
sphere; operations spread like lightning, static discharges across its
body. Pathways separate forever, only to rejoin. The sphere is always
engorged, never devoured, never devouring. The gate-keepers float 
above or across the surface; the sphere rings hollow - resonances en-
tering information. The keepers no longer make decisions. They shuttle.
Their shuttles are seized. They shuttle.



*Questions for M. Chaput*


... "Objects can no longer be apprehended as aesthetic and technical
wholes; they have been fragmented.
    "It is no longer possible to master the composition of an object
thorugh the old semantic procedure - component parts, structure,
system, product. Instead, we find superimposed on one another a mul-
titude of mutually unintelligible codes. Each field of knowledge has
its own code, and the synthesis necessary for the apprehension of any
particular object could be reached only by the common labor of a group
of specialists, putting their various grids at one another's disposal
in the hope of resisting for a few moments longer the continental
drift that is reshaping the world of science.
    "In the absence of this impossible synthesis, everyone is left to
develop or grasp whatever his competence allows - to deal with one
element of the system, one more or less secret and deep-lying layer.
    "As we move in from the outer strata, from the shell towards the
kernel, we are faced with one reading after another" ... "until we
reach the structural core.
    "It is vain, here, to pursue the chimera of encyclopaedic know-
ledge, unless we restrict ourselves to the anonymous realm of data
banks and the like.
    "The loss of mastery is all the more important in that we must
rely on a considerable degree of magnification, which itself causes
partial blindness."

("From Socrates to Intel: The Chaos of Microaesthetics" in _Design
after Modernism,_ ed. John Thackara, London, 1988.)


What if there were no "structural core," but only a material substrate
integral to the particular software interfacing used by an organism;
what if this substrate were interconnected with others, also integral
to its functioning; what if the states of the components within these
substrates were indiscrete, irretrievable; what if flow-formations
across these substrates traveled, in a more or less redundant form,
thorugh a variety of media - copper, gold, silver, air, glass, vacuum
- and in a variety of carriers (neither wave-form nor particle) -
electrons, holes, photons; what if the structures were surrounded by
guard-structures, potential wells (preserving an internal coherency)
and infiltrated by viral antibiotics (protecting against internal
decay); what if these flow-formations bounced across and above the
entire planet; what if their operations were relativistic, particu-
larly in regard to the stasis of the "operating" organism; what if the
organism were only partially linked (as is always the case - in 
fact linked to an infinitesimal degree) to the ostensible (sensory)
"contents" of the flow-formations; what if the network duplicated and
reduplicated itself, the flow-formations in an expanding number of
data-bases, called up here and there, modified, returned, or reas-
signed - a form of data speciation; what if the "structural core"
became only a temporary transport (on the order of the molecular);
what if there were no "structural cores" at all (except in a trivial
sense) ...

What if there were no longer "fields of knowledge"; what if codes were
at best part-objects, momentary flux-states; what if all strata were
simultaneously "shell" and "kernel"; what if "layers" were diffuse,
non-hierarchical; what if "competence" itself were a matter of flow-
formations; what if all layers were secret and non-secret, erotic-
pornographic and open; what if the loss of the "chimera of encyclo-
paedic knowledge" is the loss of knowledge itself ...

"Once loaded up (if we can still use such a "metaphysics") with the
software that operates its combinatorics, the micro becomes an indi-
vidual. Only up to the moment when information and operating instruc-
tions are applied to them are micros identical, multiple." (Chaput,
op.cit.)

What if the loading were continuous; what if the micros were partial,
blind; what if there were no "moments"; what if "individualities"
flickered across random receptors, temporary or peripheral organic
_longings_; what if all this occurred with the clean and proper body,
all gates open, everything in flux...


+++
