


The Arts Journal, April, 1989

On That Very Uncomfortable Edge: An Interview with Alan Sondheim
(by Robert Godfrey)


_Alan Sondheim - writer, teacher, curator, filmmaker, musician and
contemporary art theorist - first came to the Southeastern U.S. in
1983 as curator for Atlanta's Nexus Contemporary Art Center, a pos-
ition which he held for two years. From 1986 through 1987 he taught at
the University of Texas in Dallas, and last year he served as artistic
director of Hallwalls Contemporary Art Center in Buffalo, New York.
Recently returned to the Southeast, Sondheim is again living in
Atlanta, and is presently teaching courses in contemporary art issues
at the Atlanta College of Art and Wester Carolina University in Cul-
lowhee, N.C. His work has been widely exhibited, performed and pub-
lished, and his new book,_ Disorders of the Real, _was recently issued
by Station Hill Press.

The following interview with Sondheim, in which he addresses a broad
range of art-related issues, was conducted in February at Western
Carolina University. Leonard Seastone A WCU instructor and book
artist, also participated in the dialog._


*You've mentioned your early interest in anthropology.*

I began as an anthropology major at Brown University and switched to
English. But I've remained interested in ethnographic materials.

*My question has to do with whether your current investigations in
your art and writing are sparked by your previous interest in anthro-
pology.*

This is a difficult question because it is to do with what is meant by
anthropology. I think the work, the writing, embodies _an_ anthropolo-
gy, but I don't think it's anthropology in the sense of a formative
science relating specifically to the traditional "anthropological
field." But it's an anthropology in the sense that it's a returning to
or a compression of writing of theory upon the body, and upon its
humanness, and upon the formation of languages within the body.

*In terms of your background in literature, what are some of the fac-
tors which caused you to rethink issues and subsequently develop a
bridge between art and writing?*

It's a kind of general praxis that I'm engaged in, that someone will
see as one medium or another but which I see as much more coherent, a
kind of investigation. In literature, I'm still intersted in a certain
type of symptomatic writing. For example, Thomas Chatterton, a poet
born in 1752, who killed himself at the age of 17 - was writing in the
18th century in what he considered 14th century verse. I found that as
interesting and peculiar as the work of John Clare, a "peasant-poet"
perhaps, who wound up in an asylum in the 19th cntury. Gertrude
Stein's work is another example... But I also include ethnographic
writings, which is where my anthropological interest is foregrounded -
in other words, returning to the old Smithsonian Institute Bureau of
American Ethnology reports on the Kwakiutl and Haida, for example.

*Keith Waldrop wrote he considers you an art maniac poised to meet the
world in as many ways as possible. How do you account for what I would
call a restless invstigation of matrix beyond what you've referred to
as working from the notion of a general praxis?*

I think it is a restless investigation and an investigation of rest-
lessness. It's working across two areas. First, there is a sort of
discursivity "around" film. In other words, making film, talking film,
thinking film, looking at film, working film theory, theory-film, and
so forth - and also working in photography or video as offspring of
film. Then it's also centered around writing and the problems of
writing. But what I'm trying not to do with writing is to focus on it
as one discourse among others, which has to be focused on, because
that's what I'm doing. In other words, I want to avoid the idea that
one is doing painting about painting because one paints. I don't want
that self-referentiality, so I'm continually breaking it down.

*In your _Disorders of the Real,_ the introduction gives the reader
instruction regarding the concept of "place."*

That's Tom Zummer's introduction, I didn't write it. There is delib-
erate unclarity here. I don't mean it's confusing, but that a certain
kind of structure is broken down, the way that sections are run
together - some titled, some untitled; the spacing in the book is
designed to create something which is not fragmentary, in the sense of
piece/fragment, piece/fragment, etc., but instead problematizes even
that - so that the organization of the book as a whole is questioned,
questionable. But you were saying something about the word "place."

*Yes, just that the metaphor of "place" seems to be important to you
on some level. Is "place" sort of a key word?*

It's not a key word for me, but probably more so for Zummer and his
questioning of the book. By questioning the place of writing, what I'm
attempting to do is not work through a certain kind of metaphysics or
foundation-analysis of writing, but to question the place of the
subject, the reader, or to question the reader's place. The text works
at cross-purposes with itself. I started that actually in the book
_Individuals: Post-Movement Art in America_ that I edited for Dutton,
where I did an introduction that was deliberately contradictory and
designed to be a clue, a theatrical cueing device for the artists rep-
resented in it. But it was also designed to efface/negate itself as
any kind of formal articulation of that notion of an "introduction" as
something that might appropriate or tell the reader what these people
are really "about."

*Do you have an equivalent form, say in your filmmaking or music?*

Yes, the filmwork does that a great deal, and more directly. I use
sexual elements in the film, for example, or narrative elements - both
of which place the reader in one or another state. Sexuality provides
either arousal or disgust, depending on the viewer. The narrative ele-
ments will carry the viewer through. They create a certain momentum
working off his or her memory. The narrative elements are constantly
short-circuited as well, or deconstructed, so that the viewer always
"collapses." There is this continual sense of collapse in my work
which is very deliberate. I made video years ago, and I said before I
showed them (at one screening) that these particular works were
failures, that I saw them as failures, and I wanted to discuss this
because I thought they way they failed was more interesting than what
I thought of as more successful tapes. It's a kind of effacement and
certain sort of horizon. It's playing it both ways, at the same time
problematizing all sorts of discourses on power and quality, on the
nature of the medium, on the cultural construction of the viewer. It
places a kind of paralysis there.

*Could you state your theory of deconstruction?*

I don't claim to be a deconstructionist. I see my work more as a form
of stuttering or lapsing into what I call idle conversation, relating
to the notion of _das Mann_ in Heidegger, a sort of everydayness that
descends into (subversive) substance. I use that notion of substance
or triviality, or awkwardness, as a way of creating a turn that does-
n't come home to itself. But it's not really deconstruction (in the
sense of Derrida); it's not using the formal devices of frameworking
employed there. It doesn't examine the curlicues of the text, although
I might do that on occasion, and for the purposes of deconstruction.

*How would you sum up your work at this point?*

I'm interested in work that is troubling and work that creates a sense
of criticality in the viewer, possibly in myself, but definitely in
relationship to herself/himself, as a type of critique developing out
of the work. A lot of people find my films in a sense not films, or my
writing, not writing. I want to keep operating on that very uncomfor-
table edge, because only there can one look back and against culture.
[...]

*I find you as both a cynic and a romantic, and as both a voyeur and
an exhibitionist.*

I would buy into the last two because of the kind of dialectics of
sight occurring. A lot of my very recent work is the literal decon-
struction of romanticism. But I don't buy into cynicism. I buy more
into an unalterable sadness. I don't buy into cynicism because I don't
think my work has that kind of irony. I feel that there is too much at
stake. I have always been interested in what I call "foundation work,"
relating especially to the sciences, artificial intelligence, or prop-
ositional logic. How the world is organized; how sentences are org-
anized; how the "truth value" of sentences is determined; how the
value of truth itself is determined. This brings all sorts of theory
into play, from Saul Kripke's back through Wittggenstein's and Rus-
sell's. You may not notice it in the writing, but there is a scientif-
ic edge there. I worked off catastrophe theories for example in trying
to describe the way certain logical functions _behave._ I'm also in-
terested in Kristeva's _Revolution in Poetic Language,_ the origin of
semiosis in general. I don't want to slide into humanism on one hand,
or into concepts of substance, materialism, or material substance on
the other. It's a very peculiar realm, but how much can you scrape
away? I talk about the notion of inscription, of how the ego is not
really a structure but a coagulation, a disorderly appropriating
structure. These "coagulations" are linguistic in nature, somewhat in
the process of organizing, operating by inscribing. They inscribe the
environment. They project, introject.

*What about your work in terms of the written word being spoken?*

When I do a reading or lecture I try to make the reading occur as a
speaking, because if I do otherwise, it won't be understood, and
there's really no reason for that speaking body to be there. That's
why my films are jammed with texts. The textual element is critical;
the scripts are designed to be repeated over and over again. Phrases
will be repeated that build up a certain rhythm in relation to the
film, that the film will either fortify, reinforce, or subvert. I
wouldn't try to read one of my technical pieces. Every text I do, I
think will literally be my last, since I want every text to resonate
with every other and to embody every other. In a way this makes the
writing quite dense; it also makes it "European." It's more engaged
stylistically with people like Theodor Adorno, or Jabes, or Maurice
Blanchot, or Derrida, than it's engaged with American writers such as
Marvin Minsky or Noam Chomsky. It's as if I'm engaging these European
thinkers as opposed to working off them (although of course the en-
gagement is inauthentic, one-way). It's very difficult then for my
writing to be a speaking thing. When I do speak, I generally tend to
go somewhat into humor, relating, on the surface, to what I'm writing.

*Do you withold information?*

The writing attempts to say everything - and also - and this is where
my exhibitionism comes in - to expose everything, the body in its
entirety, the psychology/psychoanalytics as well, so that everything
appears like a microscopic sectioning. So again the authority is
reduced because there are no secrets. It's not like I have an author-
ity or knowledge that you don't have, but it's that the knowledge is
the position of the body. But again the contents of the work is not
the phenomenology of the body or its effacement, as much as it is
everything else as well.

*In terms of art criticism, where do you position yourself?*

I don't see myself as an art critic; it's not a professional concern
of mine. It's a very hard question. The criticism that interests me
most is art criticism of the very, very old-fashioned kind which talks
about the life and personality of the artist and then talks about how
the work came out of that, etc. In this manner I might gain some idea,
say, of 19th-century Japanese prints. What I've tried to do in writing
art criticism is to collapse the notion of art-history in the first
place, because I see this as a product of a mindset related to a late-
19th-century materialist ethnography isolating one particular sort of
cultural object, presenting it as if it exists within a formal ser-
iation. I'm uncomfortable with art history, which I've written
against, at least this version of it. I don't know what the point of
"going through" these histories of material objects really amounts to,
except a certain preservation of culture, as revealed in these objects
- art- works as infinitely dense semiotic emissions, so to speak. But
I tend to see art as a whole as a discursive formation, one that
expands in a number of different ways, through different demographics,
classes, different levels of institutionalized or informal educations.


_Robert Godfrey, a painter and critic, is head of the Department of
Art at Western Carolina University._



Dawns


The dawn rises in the form of a cylinder, which is bent or deformed as
one approaches a lip. The dawn ends when the lip transforms into a
singularity, the corruption of a maniacal source of light, a point
disrupting the flat planes of the sky. (These are the words of the
solitary traveller against the caress of the forest. I suppose one
might as well mention the hermit or peasant, other romantic types who
would never dream of entering into the equation. Besides, I have never
seen one.)

_Clearly, what begins, begins in its absence._

_I want to describe dawns._

The darkness, congratulatory in its completeness, possesses an al-
most incomprehensible flattening; one could hardly call it a glimmer.
Forests and isolated houses pass by, sensed more than seen in the
penumbra of the luminous edges of the headlights. The sound is a
continuous tubular environment of the asphalt and its momentary
enlightenments.

Something was visible, unmitigated, out of the corner of the eye,
parabolic, near the horizon, invisible once again as soon as it was
named. The periphery turns over in its sleeplessness. The apprehen-
sion of the forest continues and continues without a sense of distance
or the pleasure of language.

A sound placed itself in my presence.

The slight paleness and its increasing flattened the depth of the
stars, which could never compete for attention against the purples and
other shades staging the withdrawal of the concretion of the dark, its
heavy substance present down to the finest details, the gravels by the
side of the road.

The dawns of being whimpered as I turned slowly in the vehicle, then
descended once again into apparent invisibility and absence altogeth-
er; the world fluttered at this stage in the beginnings of languages
not yet organized into gestures and cries.

The heavy drapery is silent and still, beginning its own pathway to
dissolution, as if the heaviness of clouds were slowly lifted in its
place. The plane of the parabola has given way to a translucent pasti-
ness insistent on its penetration of the sky now defined as eastern.
Stars have disappeared across the incoherent bands of light coming to
life in the forms of the planet.

The constancy of the tires within the great and buckling cylinder of
the heavens was forgotten as the spectacle increased its presence
almost everywhere; the great firs of the forest extended their frac-
tured daggers into the body of the sky after so many hours.

The lip began its curling inward, fast and furious at its disturb-
ance, as if an uncanny presence were just below the crumbling hori-
zon. Something enormous commenced its uneasy journey, dragging
language with it, struggling to free itself - an enormous convexity
thrusting through _Dawns,_ opening the spoken word to the labia of the
formation of syllables, whole phrases carrying the presence and pleas-
ure of proper names.

Others, vehicles and dwellings, were everywhere now, as the language
of signs reverberated through the jewelled colorations almost within
the interior of the bodies themselves. The astronomical portent has
almost freed itself against the continual chatter of the typing
machine unable to construct a closure against the work of nature.

(The dawn is a blood-red dawn, giving rise to the sequestering of
revolution. The dawn is a blue-white dawn, an unnatural clarity once
and for all concerning the call of things as they struggle into the
exhaustion of proper names.)

_Ah the great cylinder of the heavens, taking place night after night
among the geometries of creation! The hemisphere which bursts through,
in the disruption and silencing of language! The disappearance of
language itself, the presence of pure Being!_



Dusks


Dusks are otherwise, a leadening or sullen hue after the annihilation
of the singularity which obtrusively burns its way throughout the sky.
A leadening in the form of a catenary, carrying the heaviness of the
dark trailing behind it, the cylinder steadfast, asserting itself and
its future: looking up at what is to be.

The eyelids. I will not go through moment by moment, as time shears
against itself, dissolves into its absence; dusks are not dawns, are
not temporalized by the sudden and uncanny appearance of brilliance
and the mechanisms of chatter everywhere at work upon the day. Nothing
works upon dusks which are totalities thinning imperceptibly at the
edges. Working is rustling only; dusk is the phenomenon of the under-
brush and saturnine furs.

The night harboring only trivialities? Only the platitudinous? When
language slips into the quiescent layers at the bottoms of the seas,
when only scurryings reveal themselves in warm and warmer waters? The
compression of the dusk of the new day which I will not bother to
describe, which I will not caress with the vacuous forms of a
romanticism already two centuries old, many dusks into dusts. Were it
not for the disease of language in the invisibility of the gestures of
the night, even this would go unmentioned. _This,_ "the person or
thing, close at hand or touched as pointed to or drawn attention to or
observed by the speaker at the time, or already named or understood or
in question or familiar" in the _Concise Oxford,_ henceforth abbrev-
iated _CO._


+++

