

Invisibility

http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn016.jpg

Invisibility is the problem of our time, but there are so many! 
Most of our collapsing phenomenologies center on attention 
economies, acceleration, dromodology; these are epistemological 
problems, what might be examined, what should be examined, and 
the process of examination itself. But invisibility is more 
perverse; it is an issue of ontology, of disappearance, from 
within and without, a problem which not only robs us of our 
situation, our habitus, but also invades the discourse of the 
body and the self. It can be a sudden transformation, occurring 
at the edge of the possible, the refugee, the unmanned migrant 
ship floundering and heading for unknown shores; it may also be 
a slow and almost imperceptible withdrawal from being, to the 
extent that being exists as instrumental. Age is one index of 
invisibility, and this I experience: whatever I do increasingly 
makes no difference whatsoever, as long as it is with the bounds 
of the law. Making a difference, making a distinction, is 
fundamentally a communal and social act; when it no longer 
matters, helplessness ensues - not the helplessness of a lack of 
knowledge or tools (but that too), but the helplessness of the 
collapse of speech acts or being. The aging body is a refugee 
body, and what might have passed for wisdom is no longer given 
an audience, but is transformed into some thing swept aside 
within another register altogether. All of this occurs within a 
rigidity of etiquette which is not acknowledged, but which 
creates an iron and exclusionary ontology. Too many people I 
know, for a variety of reasons (political, age, class, religion 
or lack of it) feel marooned, a marooning which answers to no 
shore, no boundary. The issue is one of consequences, which at 
one point in our social evolutions might have been the concern 
of cause and effect, but now operates within the regime of 
effacement (what I have to say is of no consequence, because I 
am not speaking - a Lyotardian differend which operates across 
innumerable strata within broken models of being and the world). 
Engagement is not a projection, not what 'makes us human'; it 
is, of course, a skein, and one now driven by fast- forward 
feedback, ranging from high-speed stock manipulation to high 
speed online text-and-image feeds that leave no time for 
reflection, but, more importantly, no need for reflection as 
well. The horizon of all of this is the fracturing of steering 
problems which dissolve in rhetoric and shifting positions; the 
problems, however, remain and increase in urgency. Behind them 
is an increasingly devastated planet with extinctions and 
population out of control, existing within the immediacy of the 
digital and its potential for internal transformation (a change 
of pixel for pixel, for example), for epistemological slide. ... 
For all of these reasons, these flows, invisibility tends 
towards pharmacology and depression, towards despair and 
violence, towards the inerrancy of fundamental religion and a 
rigidity of logics and taxonomies between believers and non- 
believers. It is easy to conclude from all of this that 'we are 
all invisible' or some such, but in fact, the presence of belief 
and violence point elsewhere, towards a sweeping-aside of the 
ephemeral and the harnessing of the digital for a strict 
rhetoric of communications. For those of us who can neither 
ascribe to this, nor participate (by virtue of the problematic 
'essences' of age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, 
nationality, etc. etc. (all these categories left over from an 
age of classical modernism and post-colonialism)), nothing is 
left, and this nothingness leads nowhere to enlightenment, but 
to those invisibilities which are always hammered into position 
by others, but which always resist positionality as well; this 
is the state of marooning, defined by the receding of that 
instrumental past which at one point, close by, has seemed to be 
heritage, but in fact was a social construct - the social 
construct of time which, fast-forward, takes no time at all. It 
is not that this too shall pass, but that this too has always 
already passed, and where once the I-(pod) might have been, 
there shall no longer be absence, but an absence of absence, 
mute, ontological, nowhere and everywhere at all. There is no 
answer because there is no time, and no evolution of our, or any 
other species; there is only the time of slow cessation, on this 
and other worlds, and the endpoint of invisibility is this - 
that one is invisible because there is nothing to be seen. This 
is no longer brilliant weather, but fabrication bending under 
the weight of its own collapse, as popular culture demonstrates 
over and over again, and we all succumb to its charms, just as 
news, here in Providence, flails out with the slogan 'news you 
can trust,' and advertisements hawk replacements and necessities 
with the slogan 'just for you.' No one drives these, no one 
receives them; events as well are marooned always already some- 
where else, to someone else, to the displacement of populations, 
from nothing to nothing. (Of course there is the trope that 
'this essay, too, is invisible,' but how would one know, and 
where is one? And immediately that one can see tendency towards 
that absolutism that also participates in the annihilation of 
the world, as if that were not an occurrence. What is foregone, 
is foregone by virtue of invisibility; what is present, is 
unaccountable, uncountable, and unaccounted-for. Such are the 
shoals of ontology, such is the unseen, within and without the 
parenthetical.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn011.jpg



Invisibility, continued

http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn140.jpg

The hallmark of invisibility: 
There is no hallmark of invisibility. 
Wait, isn't that a hallmark?
No it's a sentence and a sentence isn't a hallmark -
From Wikipedia:
"No it's a sentence and a sentence isn't a hallmark."
I read on Facebook invisibility isn't possible.
But I read a brilliant essay on invisibility on Facebook
called "Invisibility" and I don't think it's disappeared yet.
It's disappeared from my feed.
You can always look at Alan Sondheim's Timeline and you'll 
find it.
Are you sure he hasn't be banned yet? He's been banned from
YouTube.
It was there last time I saw it. 
It was a hallmark analysis of the phenomenon of invisibility
in and around the digital.
It will never reach its intended target, invisibility extends
itself, it does this by doing nothing.
So there is no intentionality associated with it, no object
of consciousness?
None that matters, it has no qualities, no parameters, no
structure, writing has been quite an exercise, I wouldn't
call it pointless, but its exactitude is meaningless to 
anyone but the writer. 
A couple of people have called it a rant. 
Invisibility itself is a rant, but the author would rather
consider the essay an analysis, at least for his own peace 
of mind; there was something about the act of writing that
motivated him, as the words disappeared down the long tunnel
of obsessive thinking.
He said he could almost picture the world receding from 
him in a kind of foreshortened perspective bereft of affect.
Exactly, he had to picture something in order to keep on
going, no was else was encouraging or readinig him, no
one else was around.
None of those mythical fireside evenings.
None at all, not so he noticed.

http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn152.jpg

http://www.alansondheim.org/invis.txt

