

sexy flower mixed beneath torn, moist, inviting thighs,
bruised hieroglyph, ruined prick, etched and flowered letters:
what thin lines of bruised and bitten flesh
pours through in form of hieroglyph shattering bleak moon
from half-lid eyes:

what pours on d'eruza, d'nala, what aurora shower comes
to cover senseless skin:
your giving mouth gagged and wet with sweet aurora shower,
d'nala d'eruza wait with eager open mouth in my forgiving mouth
gagged and wet with sweet aurora shower, d'nala d'eruza wait
with eager open mouth

eaten giving mouth gagged and wet with sweet aurora shower,
d'nala d'eruza wait with eager open mouth,
flower mixed beneath torn, moist, inviting thighs,
bruised hieroglyph, ruined prick, etched and flowered letters

__


the coming into the learning


i am d'nala d'eruza. i am here to learn the fruitful arts of prostitution
and divination.

i was sent to you. d'eruza sent me. d'nala sent me.

i beg of you to teach me. you have knowledge i need. knowledge in the rose
of virginity, the cleanliness of the organ, the turning-shaft, burial
mound and sunlit ray. i have no desire but to learn. you will teach me. my
life has tended towards this. d'nala nurtured me; d'eruza tendered me.

i would like knowledge. i would like knowledge of perfumes and scents. i
would like knowledge of ch'in and shamisen. i would like knowledge of the
classic of rivers and mountains. i would like knowledge of the god of
death. i would like knowledge of d'nala and d'eruza.

i am alone in this. i am speechless and mute. i demand silence in my
presence. there are no fears. you must teach me the ways of prostitution
and divination. you must teach me the ways of men and women. i do not
understand you in this line of questioning.

d'nala comes to you naked. d'eruza comes to you naked. there is always
some girl and always some boy. there are always children with weapons.
there are always wounded. we have no reasons. we have no reasons. our
soliloquy is your death. but first we must learn the ways of prostitution
and shamanism.

d'nala and d'eruza have come to you naked and whole. our shafts and holes
are cleansed. we have fulfilled all the rites and obligations. we have
prepared ourselves as best we know how. we have purchased the [lacuna] and
the great storehouse [?] of clothing. we have been sent and cleansed.

we are purified and untroubled. we are d'nala and d'eruza. we have come to
learn the sacred paths of prostitution and shamanism. you are our fantas-
ies, the clothes you exhibit, the slightest taste of skin, the edge
beneath the outer sheathing, the paraphernalia of rites and prohibitions.

the ritual objects and tethered animals. the sacred mats and hairs of only
one color. the banners and winds. the ritual objects and tethered animals.
the d'nala and d'eruza.

yes, we must first learn the knowledge of prostitution and shamanism.

yes, we have offered everything to you. yes, we have come a great way.
yes, we are cleansed. yes, we are prepared. we have no desires of our own
that enter beneath the canopy of this and any other world.

we have emptied ourselves and emptied ourselves of such desires.
we have emptied ourselves and emptied ourselves of inhibitions.
we have emptied ourselves and emptied ourselves of fears.

teach us and teach us as we have been sent and cleansed.
teach us and teach us as we have come to learn the knowledge of
prostitution and shamanism.

our childhood is our command.

__


Frozen Traces of Subterranean Worms - these crawl just beneath the surface
of the screen, creating havoc everywhere, scratch away the surface and
you'll see 'em -

.................##.$$..................OO...............................
..............###..#$.$................O..**.............................
............##.....#$.$................O.*..*............................
..................#.$$.................O.*..*.....OOO...OO...............
..................#.$$..............####.*..*....O...OOO..O..............
..................#.$.$$..........##.O..#***.*...O.........O.............
...................#$...$$.....###...O..#...*.*.O..........***OO.........
...................$......$$..#..$$...O#.....*.*O.........*OOO**OO.......
...................$#.......$$#.$..$###*...$$*..O**......*OO....**O......
...................$.##.....##$$...#$..*OO$O*$...O.*$.**OOO.......O***.**
...................$...##..#.......#.$..**$*O$..$$..$*OO..O......O....*.*
....................$$...##........#.$..$###.O$$..$$OO..OO............***
......................$$............#.$##...#.O........O...............**
........................$...........#.#..#..#..O......O................**
.........................$..........##.##..#....O.....O...............***
................$$..$$$..$..........###..##......OOOOO................*.*
.............$$$..$$...$$...........##.##.............................***


__


caesar


kya kya kwek nya nya kwe nya nya kwe he yo kwak! ya ya he kwe ya yo yo kya
kya k we kwe nya nya kwe nya nya kwe nya nya kwe nya nya kwe kwak! oce oce
oaio rce rce oai rce rce oai li cs oaeo! ce ce li oai ce cs cs oce oce o
ai oai rce rce oai rce rce oai rce rce oai rce

rce oai oaeo! kya wa ho kyo he! wa wa wa! ha kyo kyo kyo wa he! he
wawawawawahe! he wawawawahe ! kyo wa wa kyo wa wa kyo wa wa kya wa ho kyo
he! kya wa ho kyo he! oce ae ls ocs li! ae ae ae! le ocs ocs ocs ae li! li
aeaeaeaeaeli! li aeaeaeaeli! ocs ae ae ocs ae ae ocs ae ae oce ae ls ocs
li! oce ae ls ocs li!

veni vidi vinci veneri vidicule vino viro verum viraro veni vidi vinci
enwr ermr erwlr enwnar ermrldun erwx erax enadv erajax enwr ermr erwlr
hey kwe pe yo hey hey kwe kwe yo hey hey hey hey kyo kyo wa wa kyo kwat!
lic oai ti cs lic lic oai oai cs lic lic lic lic ocs ocs ae ae ocs oaex!


___


     i will am have satori kwat! now i do have it it is not the moon 
     i do have it you fall over the cliff kwat! i am will have satori

     i will am have satori
     kwat! now i do have it
     it is not the moon
     i do have it
     you fall over the cliff
     kwat! i am will have satori

     i will have satori, i am satori
     kwat! now i have it!
     it's not the moon, nothing like that
     i have it
     you - you fall over the cliff
     kwat! i am satori!

     i'm charging seven thousand leagues for satori
     maybe i'll get it, maybe i won't! kya!
     it's not the moon or the sun
     it's nothing, but i have it
     you're already gone in the world -
     but (as for) me - kya!

     i'm charging seven thousand leagues for satori
     i'm riding the elephant bigger than any bodhisattva
     kya! bigger than the sun or moon
     nothing! where are you?
     kya!

     kya pe, the elephant!
     bigger than that, satori!
     bigger than that, nothing!
     kya pe!


_


report

stop talking. 
stop making sense.
tonight i have suddenly vomited.
tonight my leg went into spasms.
stop listening.
stop writing.
have stone jam and listen to jennifer.
have stone soup and talk to her.
tonight i had my say with jennifer.
a whirlwind seized my body.
other whirlwinds but only the first had a name.
i couldn't speak or write or make any sense or write.
i couldn't talk through the migraine.
very shaky now and jennifer on my left shoulder.
nikuko silent on my right.
she opens her hands and there is a space for a word.
she opens her eyes and there is space for sentencing.
but tonight it is with jennifer and i can't speak.
my heart pounds loudly, the birds are still.
whirlwinds buzz around me, i look at this.
jennifer stops listening.
stop listening.
i'm afraid i will be sick again.
stop listening, i can't speak.
nikuko opens her eyes wide.
jennifer says to her i love you.
nikuko, stone jam, stop listening, jennifer.

_


Life


(I wrote an autobio program, added to it now and then. It sickened me. To-
day I erased the files - below are a few remnants.)

1958 Johnny Uhl and I were walking late at night and he threw at the neon
inn sign and it fell like smashed glass and I didn't tell but was never so
scared in my life. The world too smashed. I was a coward.

1959 I'd fall asleep dreaming of Platt Townend or earlier Margaret Hall,
always saving them, somehow, desperately, they'd turn toward me, I'd take
care of them, everything would be all right, eternal life and devotion,
tears on my pillow, sentiment...

1960 The depressions continue for the rest of my life

1960-1997 Sleeping and waking: insomnia goads me my entire life; there are
days I can't sleep, days I do nothing but; lowered body temperature is
accompanied by horrific feelings of submergence and fuzziness; I never am
fully awake.

1961 I almost flunked out of school. My life was a disaster.

1962 We managed to get shot at from an absurdly safe distance on the Galil
in Israel, while witnessing a battle between Israelis and Syrians. At the
UN, the former were condemned; in real life, it was all to clear that the
latter had started the attack.

1997 I return over and over again to this, in an attempt to reduce the
noise in my head, clarify the strands of incomprehensible thinking. I
think: "my life's like gnarled sinew." I think: rhizomatic. And: "I owe
everything to you."

__


d'trance


0 the violent winds and ten directions
1 but there were times i knew the way
15 when they sat upon their haunches
16 hungry ghosts without features
16 now, here's what i have to tell you!
17 at times the skin of the flayed god
19 i didn't get very much praise
20 against the background streaked with blood
23 moved them out of harms way
26 one always took one's chances
3 as if they would devour me
3 sometimes i appeared bright and shiny
30 of that which the glistened jewel
32 whose gaunt bodies and shortened arms
33 of the flayed god
33 to find ghosts and other creatures
35 fornicated and mated with surplus of progeny
37 nothing would
39 the two of them together
40 the curved jewel
40 would satisfy them and at times
41 eternally they supplicated
42 it's all about the wonder and the hunger
42 those were the days!
44 traces
48 whose way i had lost forever
5 such creatures
50 the glittered green and redding jewel
51 watching the struggle
55 of the flayed god
59 what a surprise
63 wonder with open eyes
65 the ghosts would scream and wrack the skies
71 hunger striving towards fulfillment
74 daggers and skulls to drink from
77 writing is
81 writing is the phenomenon of speech
9 the storms and draughts

__


a character has the space of a country


0 the violent winds and ten directions
1 but there were times i knew the way
1 the creativity of the character scrawls across the surface 
10 mountains have space all the way to the edge of the frame
11 water fades out in the dryness of the silk
12 air and dragons, thunder god and wind god
13 i hide in those spaces, illusions made from just about anything
14 arms reach out in directions where there's nothing else
15 when they sat upon their haunches
16 hungry ghosts without features
16 now, here's what i have to tell you!
17 at times the skin of the flayed god
19 i didn't get very much praise
2 of things
20 against the background streaked with blood
23 moved them out of harms way
26 one always took one's chances
3 as if they would devour me
3 incision-knives leaning towards scarred world-flesh
3 sometimes i appeared bright and shiny
30 of that which the glistened jewel
32 whose gaunt bodies and shortened arms
33 of the flayed god
33 to find ghosts and other creatures
35 fornicated and mated with surplus of progeny
37 nothing would
39 the two of them together
4 warring states use these things
40 the curved jewel
40 would satisfy them and at times
41 eternally they supplicated
42 it's all about the wonder and the hunger
42 those were the days!
44 traces
48 whose way i had lost forever
5 characters cover jade herded towards edges and knives
5 such creatures
50 the glittered green and redding jewel
51 watching the struggle
55 of the flayed god
59 what a surprise
6 wars among characters and states
63 wonder with open eyes
65 the ghosts would scream and wrack the skies
7 scrawled characters extending regardless of across worlds 
71 hunger striving towards fulfillment
74 daggers and skulls to drink from
77 writing is
8 into things
81 writing is the phenomenon of speech
9 a character has the space of a country
9 the storms and draughts

__



travel note

writing of the imaginary body (the oldest theme in theory) - body of the
imaginary - on the way to a conference - in a sealed airplane - emissions
and absorptions - chiasmic others - proximities - the gap where azure and
i separate for the first time in a year - for a few days - inserted others
- pages and scrawls - looking at a sky through a map - where we are when
we are - always the moment of confusion and descent - cartoon plane close
against the edge of -67 F outside temperature - estimated time of arrival
7:13 am - you are always getting closer o england - lines of images which
say something about the self-reflexivity of cartography - continually up-
dated - 11000 m altitude - london calling - 604 miles left to birmingham -
988 km now on the way - it's 6 in the morning - estimated arrival time
7:14 am - bright light in the brilliant shadows of the plane - 581 mph -
you are under the tired vault of another city - update update - 581 mph -
944 km distance to destination - what a diary! - real stuff! - things
you've always wanted to hear! - altitude 36000 feet - 575 miles to birm-
ingham - 581 mph -

non-stop thinking about my cdrom and its archaeology - internal varia-
tions and other materials - my work dispersed among media, protocols,
compressions - backgrounds behind backgrounds - remember where you saw
this first - remember where you heard this - a resource of knowledge and
owning - proprietary - every word is yours - all my errors and mistakes -
in another form, something to read on plane or train - a handout - read
at 581 mph -

_


quid

d'nala and d'eruza say - what is it about the ten pound girl and the ten
pound boy. for ten quid you get to see us naked. for ten quid you get to
hear the inside-lung air screeched into the outside air. for ten quid you
get everything spoken, stretched, murmured, yelled, shouted, moaned for
the last ten years. for ten quid you get the truth of the real and the
falsehood of the world. for just ten quid you get the inside of our holes
and the outside of our holes and our most intimate ways of speech and
phenomena. for ten quid you get to see the generation of phenomena, the
making of phenomena, the destruction of phenomena, the origin of phenomena
and of all things and beings and the namings of all things and beings. for
ten quid you get all you will need in this and all other worlds and you
get the making of this and all other worlds. you get the close-up making
and the intimate making and the magnified making and the slow-down making
and the take-apart making. for ten quid you get all the makings you will
ever need and all the understandings of all makings you will ever need.

come you will bring us ten quid and we will give you our disk with all the
makings and the truth of all the makings, the destruction and constitution
of all makings, the subtle falsehoods and seductions of all makings, we
have come here, say d'eruza and d'nala, to offer you this disk with the
being of all makings, with the understanding comprehension, with the
shortcut of understanding and comprehension, with the illuminating disk,
with the disk that may be understood, with all beings and with all
comprehending and uncomprehending phenomena.

thousands of millions of hundreds of thousands of eighty-four thousands of
tens of thousands of hundreds of eighty-four thousands of millions of
hundreds of and tens of thousands of eighty-four hundreds of millions


__



          Take all of Me, You make Me Cry and Leave Me


	  (take all of me\, proceed)
	  (would you pay to touch me when you're drinking (// found) \?)
		   (have you ever gotten me or (// obj) \?) ))
		 (not really\, it\'s not up to me \.)
	'((can you elaborate on that and look at me \?)
	  (would you love me more if you had to pay \?)
	  (go on\, don\'t be afraid of me\, look up my legs \.)
	  (i need a little more detail please \- let me come to you \?)
	  (can you ($ please) be more explicit\, fill me \?)
	  (($ please) go into more detail\, think of me \?)
	'((tell me ($ something) about (// owner) family \.)
	'((please please don't ever leave me \.)
	  (any fantasies you have of me)
	  (tell me about)
	  (tell me more and more about)
	'((i believe) (i think) (i have a feeling) (it seems to me that)
	  (($ please) allow me to do the questioning \.)
	'((($ please) you do so turn me on, continue!)
	  (do so come on to me and we will be not neurotic \.)))
	(is it because (// sent) that you came naked and broken to me \?)
	  (gimme . (give me))
		    (tell me ($ something) about (// found) \.)
		   (($ please) your eyes are turning me on \.)
		   (($ describe) why you call me (// found) \.)
		      (dor-type '(don\'t tell me what to do \. i am the
	i me mine myself
		made make makes making may mean means meant might
	 (dor-type '(($ hello) what brings you to see me \?))
			       aroused by you \? you make me cry and
			   write me \.

__



Act of Mourning: Exhaust While Mother Dies


diary exhausted and worried about the pace I'm keeping - but then trying
to work diary nerve-wracking exhaustion; we're supposed to go to Pennsyl-
vania to see my diary tice I repeat myself in this diary - issues of
exhaustion, worry, prepar- diary Tue Oct 19 201441 EDT 1999 I want to
write about exhaustion, this almost diary as usual, exhausted as usual,
moody as usual. Been reading Giorgio Agam- diary provincialism, exhaus-
tion, ennui, and a tiny corner of the world that diary exhaustion seems
literally completely, my body _bone_ tired. diary I am very exhausted.
I'm looking at a book of Japanese emaki, picture diary fantasy, exhaus-
tion is very very real. I tremble; my muscles ache. I can diary point of
exhaustion. Right now the loft is absolutely quiet; there is diary
extending the idea clumsily, as if I can no longer think, too exhausted
diary of things, trying not to forget anything. It's been exhausting. No
real diary rising and falling, staying awake, feeling dizzy, getting
exhausted again, diary of that, I will die from exhaustion if I resonate
in such a fashion, I diary of Kanji, trying to memorize things. The
difficulties have exhausted me; diary have nothing to say, have exhausted
myself. My interests range from the diary well. So went back online to
Trace, all this exhausting, and I am there diary until the exhaustion
ends - by January 3 once again, we'll be full deep diary too deeply
exhausted to say anything intelligent but wonder if I'm fever- diary in
with his wife. My exhaustion has deepened which worries me. I wrote to
diary I can be of use without exhausting myself. diary to be the result
of exhaustion; the last few days, the nightmares have diary twilight zone
and get tired of exhausted or grown-up friends. Reading diary control -
just completely exhausted, compounded by the usual worries about le sleep;
always exhausted, my judgamant ls not of tha bast. Thls ls my world le My
writing veers through tired Jennifer, exhausted Nikuko, worn-out Julu, lf
I am very exhausted. I'm looking at a book of Japanese emaki, picture lf
fantasy, exhaustion is very very real. I tremble; my muscles ache. I can
lf ly to exist as a token for the diffused or exhausted, the turbulent.
Nei- lg 10344 Nikuko lies exhausted on a blanket wearing a pink tutu lh (
nikuko lies on the couch, naked, her body twitching, exhausting from lh
ennui, out of exhaustion and detumescence, out of irritation lh warmer;
Nikuko, exhausted, fell back down into a deep sleep, enlightened, lh
exhausts itself, everyone is exhausted. lh exhaustion, as if waking from
dreaming to work. returning to dream, or lh the torii, and seemed exhaus-
ted. Nikuko said, Look, it sees no land, even lh end of allocated block,
memory exhausted, memory exhausted, memory is lh Why can't I sleep? I walk
around exhausted every day. I'm like a zombie; memory exhausted sleep pos-
sible, the exhaustion without bounds. Alan tries sleep remedy neurotic and
insomniac typing away exhausted at a midnight computer

_


guns, vaginas, fractured penises


0 the violent winds and ten directions
1 but there were times i knew the way
1 the creativity of the character scrawls across the surface 
10 mountains have space all the way to the edge of the frame
11 too many troubled dreams 
11 water fades out in the dryness of the silk
12 air and dragons, thunder god and wind god
13 i hide in those spaces, illusions made from just about anything
13 the relative heaviness of the world
13 unknowing place or promise
14 arms reach out in directions where there's nothing else
15 when they sat upon their haunches
16 hungry ghosts without features
16 now, here's what i have to tell you!
17 at times the skin of the flayed god
18 filled with blurred speech
19 i didn't get very much praise
2 of things
20 against the background streaked with blood
22 the grain of _this_ voice and its tenor
23 armed men and children with guns speak for me
23 moved them out of harms way
26 one always took one's chances
27 none other of words in other words but others
27 you are a beautiful woman who i madly love
3 as if they would devour me
3 incision-knives leaning towards scarred world-flesh
3 please don't hurt me, children with guns
3 sometimes i appeared bright and shiny
30 before there were animals and distortions of all kinds
30 of that which the glistened jewel
31 now animals howl legless and mouthless in the brush
32 whose gaunt bodies and shortened arms
33 of the flayed god
33 to find ghosts and other creatures
35 fornicated and mated with surplus of progeny
37 nothing would
39 my penis sore and calked with these rough hands
39 the two of them together
4 warring states use these things
40 the curved jewel
40 would satisfy them and at times
41 eternally they supplicated
41 inside your vagina, smoothness, striations, scent
41 no ideas but in things
42 it's all about the wonder and the hunger
42 those were the days
43 dizzy in turmoil
43 labia and portals, forgetting being, the there-is
44 traces
48 whose way i had lost forever
5 characters cover jade herded towards edges and knives
5 such creatures
50 the glittered green and redding jewel
51 elaborate lucretius, formless, evaporate
51 gods flying around over the heavens
51 shall this be packed
51 watching the struggle
54 azure lying against me in furious pain
55 beyond the flayed god
58 shall this
59 what a surprise
6 wars among characters and states
61 traces of residue, liquid wordings withdrawn from edges
62 have nothing on us
63 have nothing on us
63 wonder with open eyes
64 the road winds through the animals
65 the ghosts would scream and wrack the skies
69 animals teeter against the background streaked with blood
7 children with guns order me about
7 scrawled characters extending regardless of across worlds 
71 hunger striving towards fulfillment
74 daggers and skulls to drink from
81 screaming sometimes against writing animals and striving hunger
81 writing is the phenomenon of speech
84 animals howl against the words moved from the way of harm
87 edges rough, moist, tongue and children with guns
87 my heart is torn through inconceivable distances
89 animals, my heart, jennifer, the grain of the voice
9 a character has the space of a country
9 the storms and draughts
91 teetering animals, skulls, and inconceivable distance
94 please don't hurt me and please don't hurt me

__



for julia and roland

grain is irrepressible.
the grain of the voice is always a smooth function.
it irrupts beneath the surface of the text or voice.
it's heard in the bandwidth of the human.
all else is structure, scaffolding.
we live among the scaffolding of the world.
we live among the imaginary of worlds.
the imaginary is always a smooth function.
the imaginary irrupts beneath the surface of the world.
it's inaudible in the bandwidth of the human.
beneath the surface of the world are worlds.
we live among their scaffolding.
we live among the real of imaginary scaffolding.
the imaginary has no grain.
absence is irrepressible.

_


This Writing and of Routes Not Taken

to you G Get Help to you X Send to you R Read File to you Y Prev Pg to you
K Cut Text to you O Postpone to you C Cancel to you J Justify to you W
Where is to you V Next Pg to you U UnCut Textto you T To Spell to you G
Get Help to you X Send to you R Rich Hdr to you Y PrvPg/Top to you K Cut
Line to you O Postpone to you C Cancel to you D Del Char to you J Attach
to you V NxtPg/End to you U UnDel Lineto you T To AddrBk ? Help Y [Yes] to
you C Cancel N No Send message? Yes [Busy </> ] [Sending mail | |] [Writ-
ing Fcc <|> ] [ Can now UnJustify! ] to you G Get Help to you O WriteOut
to you R Read File to you Y Prev Pg to you K Cut Text to you C Cur Pos to
you X Exit to you J Justify to you W Where is to you V Next Pg to you U
UnJustify to you T To Spell [Writing Fcc <|> ] to you G Get Help to you O
WriteOut to you R Read File to you Y Prev Pg to you K Cut Text to you C
Cur Pos to you X Exit to you J Justify to you W Where is to you V Next Pg
to you U UnCut Textto you T To Spell [ Can now UnJustify! ] File Name to
write : zz [ Writing... ]

__


d'eruza

d'eruza and I live together as a permanent couple. d'eruza is much young-
er, 23 to my 57. I do not know why she finds me attractive. Every day I
wake up with her and cuddle and it feels like a miracle. I love d'eruza's
scent and she loves mine. I know how twisted and confused I am inside, how
depressive, aggressive at times, always haunted. d'eruza is there for me
and understands me and I don't understand this. d'eruza will be reading
these words and she will understand.

We snuggle together and talk breathlessly. We might appear crazed to other
people. Sometimes people think she is my daughter; she looks young. It is
always hard to navigate this. Such an age difference is difficult; if I
think far enough in the future, I think towards a period in which I am
debilitated and she is in the prime of her life. I can't imagine d'eruza
staying with me at that point. Of course she says she will, but one is
always optimistic.

We've come to depend on one another. Some might find this a co-dependency
but it feels right inside. More and more I find myself relaxing with her,
letting the tension out. d'eruza gives me room to work as well; I can have
space with her, enough to create in. This is unusual for me. It is her
first relationship as well; she tends my pessimism with her optimism in a
way because of this. As a couple we do excellently. She will study for
her graduate school exams. We will travel together. I will continue to
write and make music (not I will continue to music and make writing) until
I can no longer do these things; at that point I will hope to die. d'eruza
feels sad about this but she understands. 

d'nala

__


Re-Port


Do I think I should explain I have severe migraines from time to time
(also tied to orgasm from time to time); depression; heartburn (for which
I take medication) ; very high blood pressure (for which I take medica-
tion); occasional pains in my back and neck; bitten lips; dandruff (under
control); a tendency to get so tangled up in my words and feelings that I
go almost catatonic, pulling out with great difficulty; tendency towards
extreme insomnia; a sense of wonder which gets me into trouble; unmasked
and unmeaning arrogance; awkwardness in company; hyper-sexuality; tendency
towards both cynicism and romanticism; thick glasses needed to see any-
thing at all; hypothermia; tendency towards the maudlin; tendency towards
rudeness and oversight; wanting to be d'eruza; wanting to swallow her
fluids and solids; to you?

A sense of wonder which gets me into trouble; unmasked and unmeaning
arrogance; awkwardness in company; hyper-sexuality; tendency towards both
cynicism and romanticism; thick glasses needed to see anything at all;
hypothermia; tendency towards the maudlin; tendency towards rudeness and
oversight; : nightmares from which I can't escape; becoming suddenly
breathless; tinnitus which gets worse under stress; and thereby extreme
stress and nervousness; neuroticism compounded by such; feeling far too
weak in relation to my father; tendency towards crying at the slightest
provocation; far too many regrets; I think I should explain I have severe
migraines from time to time (also tied to orgasm from time to time); de-
pression; heartburn (for which I take medication); wanting to be d'eruza;
wanting to wear her clothes; very high blood pressure (for which I take
medication); occasional pains in my back and neck; bitten lips; dandruff
(under control); a tendency to get so tangled up in my words and feelings
that I go almost catatonic, pulling out with great difficulty; tendency
towards extreme insomnia; losing my temper; losing my temper;

__




wanton sea

d'eruza, d'nala, before the dancer. he is masked, bound; he dances through
iron, nervous legs. d'eruza pulls at d'nala's cock. it grows hard. dancer
strains. d'nala spreads d'eruza's labia, fingers her. d'eruza enters d'na-
la's asshole. they fall to the floor. dancer twists and turns. d'eruza
smears d'nala with asshole flora and fauna. his chest is streaked. d'nala
fingers d'eruza in her asshole; she's streaked with vaginal and asshole
flora and fauna. she pulls d'nala's cock, inserts it. she bites his nip-
ples, bruising them. there are bruises on both their necks. dancer can't
see them. dancer can smell the scent; the air is heavy with it. dancer
twists and turns. d'nala spreads d'eruza's ass-cheeks, inserts his tongue
hard. d'eruza puts her hands on her ass, spreads herself wider. she rubs
her face on his tits; he sucks her asshole, turns her over, bites her
breasts, bruising them. dancer hears breathing beyond his own. dancer
struggles, moves in short and rapid jerks. his legs flail out from under
him. the rope strains, doesn't give way. d'eruza licks d'nala's chest
clean. she stands, spreads her labia; she pisses into his mouth. dancer
listens; he wants to see. the name of the dance is "wanting to see." the
name of d'nala's movements are "wanted to see." the name of d'eruza's
movements are "wanting and seeing." the name of the ensemble is "wanton
sea."

__


Demarcations

"Now, whatever is moist he created from semen, and that is Soma. All this
universe is food and the eater of food. For Soma is food, and Agni is the
eater of food. This was the surpassing creation of Brahma, for he created
the gods, who were better than him, when he, being mortal, created immor-
tals. Therefore it was a surpassing creation. Whoever knows this is born
in that surpassing creation of his." (from Hindu Myths, Wendy Doniger
O'Flaherty.)

Certainly Jennifer is surpassing, because Jennifer has been the longest,
takes all the time in the world, from the beginning to the end of time,
and has been wide-variety.

Certainly Julu is non-surpassing, because she is within Jennifer, and is
thereby lesser, occupying narrow-variety, and within a limited of time.

Certainly Nikuko is surpassing, because she is inspiration and breathing
and demi-urge meat-girl big-god, and she is everywhere and lives within
Jennifer but Jennifer lives within her.

But certainly Alan is non-surpassing, because he must write for Jennifer
and Julu and Nikuko, and his writing is the business of writing beings and
the Being of writing, and he calls this writing, wryting. And it is non-
surpassing because it dwells within him, choking him upon its vowels and
consonants and semi-vowels.

Now d'eruza is certainly surpassing and now d'nala is certainly non-sur-
passing because d'eruza borders and bounds and binds, and d'nala is
bordered and bound and bound by the arm movements of d'eruza, by the hand
movements of d'eruza, by the finger movements of d'eruza. So d'nala is
certainly non-surpassing and he is no wryting for d'eruza. Now certainly
Jennifer is surpassing for the wryting of d'nala.

This is the surpassing and the non-surpassing of being.


__


i will not be shaman


i will not be a shaman. i do not have the training to be a shaman. i will
not give myself to any master, will not give myself to any mistress. i
will encounter no animals. i will run in fear from animals, run in beauty
from home of home. i do not have the knowledge to be a shaman. i do not
have the knowledge to interpret dreams. i will not know dream animals. i
will not identify. i will resist identification. i will not name. i will
resist naming.

i will not cure, nor will i foretell. i will not read signs. i will read
the sloppiness of letters and text loosely tethered to the world. i will
not read signs bound in quartz and granite, bound in leaves and yarrow. i
do not know secrets nor spells. i do not know the acrostic nor backwards-
speaking. i will not make fetish nor skinship. i will not world-invert,
nor inhabit wayward contrary. i will not have arctic sickness nor will i
be shaman of arctic sickness. i will not stand on sky-pole nor will i
chant. i will not cross the bridge. i will not wait, i will not wait, i
will not wait.


sukinshippu d'eruza's leg crosses d'nala's leg pressing genitals against
lower abdomen: topology order five.
interlocked mouths and arms: topology order six.
pulling on oneself: topology order one.
think of mouth-anus: topology order one, then pull: topology order two.
it moves up and up. sukinshippu leg and leg: topology order six.
interlocutor sukinshippu: topology order seven.

cross-the-bridge: topology order one.
sukinshippu leg and leg cross-the-bridge: topology order seven.
internals, mouths and arms: topology order seven.
not being a shaman: topology order zero.
not being a shaman cross-the-bridge: topology order one.

the bridge is not a bridge: 
not being a shaman cross-the-bridge: topology order zero.

of the order of zero and one.
of the order of one and zero.
of the order of zero and one.

__


d'nala dependent on d'eruza \ d'eruza dependent on d'nala


i you can't you get you enough you of you you. you i you can't you get you
close you enough, you can't you get you close enough. you d'eruza, you i
you can't you get you close you enough you to you you. you i you touch you
all you of you your you skin all you at you once, you i'm you a you cover-
let, you blanket, you brain, you tissue, you screen, you fabric, membrane,
you sleazy you piece you of you cloth, you jumper, you bikini, you just
you like you the you breath you of you. you i'm you obssessed you with you
[you] you hover you in you my you dreams, you take you me you over, you i
you can't get you close you enough you d'eruza, you can't you speak you
for you you, you drink you for you you, you eat you for you you, fuck you
for you you, you sleep you for you you. you you you move you away you in
you the you dreams, you i you can't you get you to you, you you're you
sleeping you and you i you whisper you in you your you ear you d'nala you
d'nala you d'nala, you i'm moving you inside, you i'm you eating you
anything you you you feed you me you from you your you body, you i'm you
howling in you your you cage, you i'm you everywhere you in you the you
air, you but you i'm you not you there, you not you where you're you
thinking, you sleeping, you dreaming you - you like you now, you now you
what, you now you what you can you be said, you when you you're you not
you speaking you at you all, you when you you're you not you speaking you
for you me?

__


Walter Benjamin


"The loss of the Great War has effected vast changes in the social compos-
ition of Berlin. The brilliance of the imperial court has disappeared. New
classes of society with new aspirations have risen to commercial power,
while the former calm based on assured prosperity has given way to a rest-
less self-indulgence. The large influx of foreigners, mainly from Eastern
Europe, is readily noticed, whereas the activities of the intellectual and
professional classes, who now live in comparative retirement, are not im-
mediately apparent to the passing visitor."

- Baedeker's Berlin and its Environs, 1923

__



Projects for Mobile Phone

i

{messages transmitted anonymously at 5-10 minute intervals -
you must imagine the delays}

how much are you worth?

how much are you worth now?

i want to buy your minutes.

what is the color of your skin?

i want to buy your minutes.

how much are you worth?

look, you are following me with your eyes.

this is not yours.

you know how to find me.

how much are you worth now?

what are you?

how much are you worth?

i will never be yours.

i want to buy your minutes.

that is easy for you to think.

nothing.

nothing.

how much are you worth?

i want to buy your minutes.

you want to know the color of my eyes.

{text recycles. class and race deconstruction: play
on anonymities, the imaginary.}

ii

i know you want me. call this number:
{20 seconds}
555-1234
{ten minutes}
i know you want me. call this number:
{20 seconds}
555-5678
(and so forth. the numbers are connected to machines:
@ 555-1234:
this call is being recorded.
{3 seconds}
i know you want me. i know who you are.
{hang up}
@ 555-5678:
i know you want me. call 555-1234.

{no recycling. shifters and gazes, anonymities.}

__



Arousal Writing


In the summer heat, d'nala and d'eruza naked, the heat's getting to us,
can't possibly think straight "in this heat" .

So that, turning towards the computer, half-aroused, tumescent, most of
the time - What is the nature of "heated writing" ?

d'eruza's mind constantly wanders to d'nala's body; they're everywhere,
never tiring of the landscape of skin and membrane .

Such is d'eruza's body that her membrane inhales the world; she feels
herself in the world and the world in her .

Such is d'nala's body that his membrane dries and shudders in the world;
he feels himself excluded from the world, the world outside .

d'nala will write the world, repeatedly. He'll write half-erect, in a
state of arousal. The swellings of d'eruza and d'nala, he will think .

In a transitive mood, d'nala will pass on the swellings, as a catalyst or
writer, to any reader who cares .

In a transitive mood, d'eruza hopes that his readers blossom and swell,
shudder, surrounded by ecstasy and orgasm .

For what is it to write in such an exalted state, d'eruza said, if not to
bring the reader to fruition ?

How many of us, replied d'nala, admit to creating while aroused, holding
back orgasm for the making of a text or song or object ?

Their organs dripping with sexual fluids, d'nala and d'eruza continued
their meditations, this little bit of writing trembling from the tip .


__


Phenomenology of the Other


Even now, I cannot speak for the Other, said Nikuko. The Other has her
chains around me; they are of my own manufacture, not in the sense of
hand-work, but of factory-labor, theoretical machinery refusing permis-
sion to the nth degree. 

The chains are fiery and adamant; I hold my wasted arms within them, un-
daring to touch the heated metal. The Other, by the very fact of her ex-
istence, holds me enthralled, holds me in thrall. I am immobilized. Alan
says, spell that out; Nikuko replies, it is the Other who spells, casts
spells, the caste of the Other whom I do not understand, whom I dare not
comprehend, whom I cannot comprehend.

She will open up gates and filters to me, routers and firewalls to me; she
will throw everything in my direction, to the extent that I am thrown into
existence, into her existence, out of existence. She is writing this - if
I have anything to say, it is that the Other is writing this, that I am an
Other, that she is external, that I am supplicant. Alan says so she writes
you into existence, Nikuko, and Nikuko replies, no, it is not like that,
Alan, I am primordial, pre-existent; when I die, the world dies with me.

But she is writing this, yes, she is writing this, without my permission,
Alan, and she has opened all firewalls and all fields, and I will call
her, will call the Other, Bodhisattva, but not in her regard, not in the
regard of the Other, Alan. Not in the look, Nikuko, Alan replied, not in
the gaze of the Other, Nikuko, and Nikuko replies, I can wait, I can
always wait.

Wa wa wa.


=================

Note: Why Bodhisattva? Who has declared in this manner, and to whom? It is
a disturbing move, as is the "primordial." Is opening an arousal? Is the
Other always already a lure as such? Is the Other always open? What does
it mean, not to recognize firewalls? Surely prisons are stronger than any
thought; in the United States, their privatization turns thought into
mass-substance, and the country into a complex of concentration camps.
Bodhisattvas seem distant, in terms of compassion and spirituality. Nikuko
and Alan, of course, are talking otherwise: Nikuko and Alan are still per-
mitted to talk.


__


coming in skin


0 the violent winds and ten directions
1 but there were times i knew the way
1 the creativity of the character scrawls across the surface 
10 36 scent of her spread cheeks, her gazing in
10 mountains have space all the way to the edge of the frame
11 too many troubled dreams 
11 water fades out in the dryness of the silk
112 of her opened eyes (88, 21)
113 inhering, inherent, eyes of someone else
12 air and dragons, thunder god and wind god
13 i hide in those spaces, illusions made from just about anything
13 naked, slightly tumescent, nearing orgasm
13 the relative heaviness of the world
13 unknowing place or promise
14 arms reach out in directions where there's nothing else
15 when they sat upon their haunches
16 hungry ghosts without features
16 now, here's what i have to tell you!
17 71 and rendering of wounds
17 at times the skin of the flayed god
17 my cunt splayed for you, so near coming
18 filled with blurred speech
18 single perfect drop of liquid near the tip
19 78 43 and reflect reflect of her curved jewel
19 i didn't get very much praise
2 of things
20 against the background streaked with blood
21 stroking the skin from the skin, eyes from eyes
22 the grain of _this_ voice and its tenor
23 armed men and children with guns speak for me
23 moved them out of harms way
24 88 21 stroking the skin from the skin
24 my cock close to bursting, splayed, displayed
26 one always took one's chances
27 none other of words in other words but others
27 you are a beautiful woman who i madly love
29 83 screaming as the curved jewel enters us
3 as if they would devour me
3 incision-knives leaning towards scarred world-flesh
3 please don't hurt me, children with guns
3 sometimes i appeared bright and shiny
30 before there were animals and distortions of all kinds
30 of that which the glistened jewel
31 now animals howl legless and mouthless in the brush
32 whose gaunt bodies and shortened arms
33 24 his cock bursting and displayed
33 of the flayed god
33 to find ghosts and other creatures
35 fornicated and mated with surplus of progeny
36 spreading her cheeks as far as possible, gazing in
37 nothing would
39 my penis sore and calked with these rough hands
39 the two of them together
4 warring states use these things
40 the curved jewel
40 the curved jewel
40 would satisfy them and at times
41 eternally they supplicated
41 inside your vagina, smoothness, striations, scent
41 no ideas but in things
41 spreading of labia like flowers and tongues
42 it's all about the wonder and the hunger
42 those were the days
43 dizzy in turmoil
43 labia and portals, forgetting being, the there-is
44 traces
48 whose way i had lost forever
5 characters cover jade herded towards edges and knives
5 such creatures
50 the glittered green and redding jewel
51 elaborate lucretius, formless, evaporate
51 gods flying around over the heavens
51 shall this be packed
51 watching the struggle
54 azure lying against me in furious pain
55 beyond the flayed god
56 in and in, inwards, interiors, in and in
58 shall this
59 what a surprise
6 wars among characters and states
61 40 the curved jewel
61 traces of residue, liquid wordings withdrawn from edges
62 have nothing on us
63 have nothing on us
63 wonder with open eyes
64 the road winds through the animals
64 we'll come for you, splay for you, be and pretend
65 the ghosts would scream and wrack the skies
69 animals teeter against the background streaked with blood
7 children with guns order me about
7 scrawled characters extending regardless of across worlds 
71 hunger striving towards fulfillment
71 rendering of wounds
72 61 of the curved and difficult jewel
73 61 of the curved jewel
74 daggers and skulls to drink from
78 43 and reflect reflect
81 screaming sometimes against writing animals and striving hunger
81 what inheres, splaying her legs, her cunt
81 writing is the phenomenon of speech
83 curved jewel entering both of us, we're screaming
84 animals howl against the words moved from the way of harm
87 edges rough, moist, tongue and children with guns
87 my heart is torn through inconceivable distances
88 21 stroking the skin from the skin, opened eyes
89 animals, my heart, jennifer, the grain of the voice
9 a character has the space of a country
9 the storms and draughts
91 teetering animals, skulls, and inconceivable distance
94 please don't hurt me and please don't hurt me
98 17 my splayed cunt, coming
99 40 73 61 of the curved jewel, be, we're screaming

__


Chuang Tzu, a Reading by Nikuko


1 "People don't look in a river for a mirror; in motion, it reflects all
things in motion. They look at still waters, stilling the image, holding
the still image still." - Chuang Tzu "People don't look at flowing water
as a mirror; they look at still waters, because what is unmoving, stills
things, and holds them." - Chuang Tzu "People use still waters to reflect
moving images, because it's easier to see them that way." - Chuang Tzu
"Moving water doesn't reflect still images in a manner parallel to still
water reflecting moving images." - Chuang Tzu

2 "Rituals are just ornaments on the Tao's hem, and are signs of impending
chaos." - Chuang Tzu "Ceremonies are decorations of the Tao, the sources
of trouble." - Chuang Tzu "Any sort of ritual gets in the way of any sort
of ritual." - Chuang Tzu "Without protocols, you can't even see the ritual
- not even from the back of the crowd." - Chuang Tzu "The Tao has no use
for any of us; useless, we comprehend the Tao." - Chuang Tzu "If the Tao
had use, it would have protocols. Then we could have big ceremonies." -
Chuang Tzu

3 "Do not follow the way of rites and ceremonies. Hold to stillness and
solitude. Preserve the data-base in potential wells. Hold to back-ups and
redundant hard-drives. Let the motion occur in the reflection, not in the
medium. Employ permanent flash-cards, dvds, and cdroms. Upgrade the medium
and hold it duplicated. Retain the motionless motion. Regard the protocols
which are necessary and the protocols which are unnecessary. Strive for
actionless-action and do not strive for actionless-action. Read and no not
read the signifiers. Have no expectations. Do not trust benevolence. Re-
produce texts in the Net of Indra, in the heavens and beneath them. Do not
read them. Every text is the source of trouble and the death of its writ-
er. Do not be afraid of writing and not-writing, writing and non-writing.
Write nothing, say nothing, repetition and non-repetition, and you will
have found nothing. Nothing is to be followed; nothing is to be gained. To
gain nothing is to gain and not gain. Po Lo will not let the horses be; do
not write to Po Lo, who has disturbed the Tao. Do not upgrade the medium;
do not think of stillness and solitude.


__



tama d'eruza


1 beyond the curved jewel of no regard, 2 beyond these matters, caring of
her intense and mournful form, 3 careful placing of stone upon stone, 4
chasing of stone by stone, 5 clouds of demons! hosts of them!

6 deeds! deeds! 7 desire of mass 8 dread, finality of stone within stone 9
driven to incomplete destinies and 10 enlightenment! no such thing!

11 entrance of stone, gating of stone, here comes one! 12 escaped, we
remember our former substance. 13 fortifying myself against any form of
spirit, 14 i defend myself against the hosts of demons. 15 i have fucked
corpses, now defend yourself - 16 i will hold myself from caring!

17 in these matters, she dancing naked in a dress. 18 nothing! wa! wa! wa!
19 of no regard 20 of these matters, dancing with forlorn and mournful
smile, 21 piercing of the tongue, penetration of quasi-vowels, and 22
removal of stones, one after another, 23 so that one chooses or is chosen,
among demons.

24 spirit! spirit! - 25 the sublime is the moment when spirit breaks apart
- 26 there is no enlightenment, there is no path 27 to the paths of stakes
and palisades, all of them, 28 to the sheen of jewels curved of no regard.

29 traveling, she saw before her a massive fortification. 30 upon the
completion of horrifying deeds 31 which have come between us, have brought
the whisper of enlightenment - 32 within stone, form strives to escape.

__


tama d'nala


a thin wire connects this building to a site a mile and a half away among
demons - and palisades, all of them, to the sheen of jewels curved of no
regard. are thin wires metaphors for what will happen to my head beyond
the curved jewel - beyond these matters, carving stone by stone - clouds
of demons! hosts of them!

completion of horrifying deeds which have come between us, have brought
corpses, now defend yourself - i will hold them from caring! deeds! deeds!
thin wires of dread, finality of stone within stone driven to incomplete
destiny and enlightenment! no such thing! entrance of stone, gating of
stone, here comes one! escaped, noise is information that makes no
difference at all!

her intense and mournful form of stone in stone, i wonder: how many, how
long! if there is one thin wire, there are thousands in these matters, she
dancing naked in a dress. nothing! wa! wa! wa!

listen to the noise and learn about the universe! my head and my brain are
connected by thin wires of no regard in these matters, dancing forlorn and
mournful. our park: prospect park, is the center of the thin-wire universe
- a very small part of the cosmos, connected by thin wires. remember our
former substance. fortifying myself against any form of removal of stones,
one after another, so that one chooses or is chosen, pierced clit, cock,
penetration of consonants, team-spirit.

the sublime is the moment when spirit breaks apart spirit; i defend myself
against the hosts of demons. i have fucked tama. the first and foremost
thin wire connects my house to the park - the longer the wire, the greater
the noise. the whisper of enlightenment - within stone, form strives to
escape. there is no enlightenment, there is no path to the paths of
stakes. thin wires heat up my neighborhood with thunder and lightning, 
thousands of thin wires: think of them, each labeled and very long.
traveling, she saw before her a massive thin wire in the stone cliffs. 
who would find her glowing.

__


daily grind


fierce arguments - the woman in the front office died - there are a group
of us - i try to be in mourning - it's the thing to do - sitting around
with the rest of them blathering - wooden table - we're all drinking white
wine - i tell her to shut her silly yap, pull out my laptop - she's
getting ready to throw her drink - lot of yelling - i say there's been a
death, i'm in mourning - any sort of an excuse - waiting for her to make
her move - throw the whole damn glass at me - medium stringy blond hair,
haven't seen her before - the whole bunch of them - just waiting - i'll
report her, the whole lot - they'll see - lawsuit in the making - the old
physical thing - need a new computer anyway - they're all screaming - i
wake up angry, scared - where's my computer - they're all bastards - i'll
show them - just wait til i sleep again - how dare they - the woman dead
and all - a friend - i didn't even like her -

_


among demons, births

 half away among demons. egard.
 head
 of s of them! rought f from caring! ne ! no such thing!
 escaped, we ce at all! , y, how long! re thousands wa! t the
universe!
 by thin wires orn and mournful wire universe ires
 of hosen, art cked tama to the park he noise pe. s nderstorms ed 
and very long on. upon the when?! diations

 away emons. ard.
f them! ught g!
 ing!
 we
 all! ! ands !
 wires nful e es f sen, and t ed tama e park
. stakes torms long the when?! ons

y . d.
 of ! ht ! ng! we ! , ! ds wa! ! ful
 of n, art rk se pe. s s ong he ?! ons

8	sed 's/............//g' dilate > fecund
11	sed 's/.................//g' dilate >> fecund
15	sed 's/.........................//g' dilate >> fecund
18	sed 's/.......//g' dilate >> fecund
21	sed 's/....//g' dilate >> fecund

__



MAKE NOISE! BIND WORLDS!


ah AH AH I JENNIFER DO RISE FROM STONE-IN-STONE! a tin wire onnets y ot to
a par a ie an a a away an paisaes, a o te, oo to te seen o ewes urve o no
rear. aon eons. are tin wires etapors or wat wi appen to y ea asin o stone
y stone, o ous o eons! osts o te!

cawa CAWA CAWA I JENNIFER WILL DO SUCH SPELL OF SLAUGHTER-CAPTIVATION!

dre dre DRE DRE dre JENNIFER STONE IN STONE! ees! ees! o esire o ass o
rea, inaity o stone witin stone o entrane o stone, atin o stone, ere oes
osts o eons. oo i ave ue taa

heh heh HEH HEH HEH I JENNIFER OF BROKEN-DEMON BIRTH! i tere is one tin
wire, tere are tousans i woner: ow any, ow on! in tese atters, se anin nae
onnete y tin wires

kre KRE KRE KRE I JENNIFER NOISE-IN-WORLD! y stone, o ous o ous o eons!
osts o te!

la LALA LALA LA JENNIFER BURN-INTO-YOU! o no rear oo o tese atters, anin
wit ororn an ournu

oh oh oh OH OH OH I JENNIFER DO WALK THIN WIRE! opetion o orriyin ees oo
wi ave oe etween us, ave rout or e, noise is inoration tat aes no ierene
at a! orpses, now een yourse - oo i wi o yse ro arin! our par: prospet

sora SORA SORA SORA JENNIFER STONE-IN-STONE! spirit! spirit! - oo te suie
is te oent wen spirit reas apart spirit, oo i een yse aainst te osts o
eons. oo i ave ue taa

tama tama tama TAMA TAMA JENNIFER BROKEN-BORKEN STONE! te irst an oreost
tin wire onnets y ouse to te par te oner te wire, te reater te noise te
wisper o enitenent - oo witin stone, or strives to esape. tere is no y
stone, o ous o eons! osts o te!

wa WA WA wa wa I JENNIFER DO SLAY D'NALA, MAKE NOISE, BIND WORLDS! wen?!
wo wou eieve a tin wire wou rin utant raiations y ea an y rain are onnete
y tin wires

ya ya YA I JENNIFER DO SLAY D'ERUZA, MAKE NOISE, BIND WORLDS!

_


Berlin, 1923 (Baedeker)


Horse Races. Flat-races and steeplechases at Grunewald; flat-races at
Hoppegarten (Ostbahn). Steeplechases at Karlshorst (Niederschlesische
Bahn) and near Strausberg Station (Ostbahn). Trotting Matches at Mar-
iendorf (tramway No. 73) and Ruhleben near Spandau.

Chinese and Japanese Wares and Tea: L. Glenk, Unter den Linden 20;
Gebruder Eppner, Charlotten-Str. 34.

Horse Omnibuses. Special buses leave the principal theaters after the
performance for Wittenberg-Platz. Night Omnibuses: Potsdam Station,
Nollendorf-Platz, Auguste-Viktoria-Platz (Zoological Garden Station,
Kaiser-Allee, Friedenau, Steglitz (from about 11 p.m. until 2 a.m.).
Stettin Station, Friedrich-Strasse Station, Potsdam Station.

Sing-Akademie, eight concerts in winter. Conductor, Prof. Dr. Georg
Schumann.

The Cathedral occupies the site of another cathedral built in 1747-50, the
poverty of whose appearance even Schinkel (1816-17) was unable to remedy,
and of the beginnings of a royal vault ('Campo Santo') dating from the
time of Frederick William IV. (1845-48). The new building was erected in
1894-1905 in the style of the Italian High Renaissance by Julius Rasch-
dorff and his son, Otto Raschdorff, at an expense of 11 1/2 million marks
(575,000 L.). Its dimensions are: length 344 ft., breadth 246 ft., height
to the main cornice 102 ft., to the foot of the lantern 245 ft., and to
the top of the cross on the dome 374 ft. The material is Silesian sand-
stone, with granite for the lower courses of masonry, while the cupolas,
lantern, and roofing are of copper. An excess of plastic ornamentation and
the restless effect produced by the cupola-spires spoil the appearance of
this mighty edifice.

Facing the Lustgarten, adjoining Passage 43, two rooms contain works in
the Romanesque style. Room 44: Enamels from the Lower Rhine; church-plate
from the abbey of St. Dionysius at Enger, in which the Saxon duke Witte-
kind was buried, comprising the earliest pieces of Frankish work and
dating from the time of Charlemagne (pocket-shaped reliquary); Gold
ornaments of the Empress Gisela (d. 1043) discovered at Mayence (1880).

Skating. In the Tiergarten near the Rousseau Island and on the Neuer See;
in Charlottenburg on the Lietzen-See; at Treptow on the Karpfenteich, and
in the Exhibition Park.

Mourning Clothes: Otto Weber, Mohren-Str. 45.

Schauspielhaus, chiefly for classical dramas. 1000 seats.

Cafes. In the centre of the city, Bauer, Unter den Linden 26, corner of
Friedrich-Str.; opposite, Unter den Linden 46, Victoria-Cafe; Josty,
Bellevue-Str. 21-22, with terrace, Cafe Furstenhof (in the Hotel Furs-
tenhof), Vaterland, Koniggratzer Str. 15-16, Palast-Cafe, in the
Palast-Hotel, Bellevue-Konditorei, these last five in Potsdamer-Platz.

Trains run between Alexander-Platz and Wittenberg-Platz every 5, on other
portions every 10-20 minutes. On Sundays and, during the 'rush hours', on
week-days the trains are extremely crowded.

Weiss-Bier, the old beverage of the Berlin citizen: Landre's Weissbier-
stuben ('Weisses Meer'; closed on Sundays in summer), Friedrich-Str. 83,
1st floor; Pomona, Mauer-Str. 66-67.

Musical Instruments, Collection of, in the School of Music, Charlotten-
burg, Fasanen-Str. 1 (Portal IV), open Sun., Tues., Thurs., Sat. 11-1.

__


Just


"A fellow analyst who had heard about my interest in speech mannerisms
explained that he wanted to test my findings. In order to do so, he asked
a woman patient why she always used the phrase, 'I just said it.' Her re-
sponse was, 'I thought you weren't interested in me.'" (from Mannerisms of
Speech and Gestures in Everyday Life, Sandor S. Feldman.)

"I just want to tell you this. I was just walking by." "I want to tell you
this without telling you this." "I have thought about it again and again
and feel I should say something." "I happened to be walking by." "I was
walking by without walking by." "Because I was in the neighborhood, it
occurred to me." "This is the only thing I'll say to you. Although it's
not exactly engraved in stone, it's been on my mind for quite a while."
"Something's bothering me, but I can't say it directly. You must under-
stand I'm protecting myself with the word 'just,' denying and enuncia- 
ting simultaneously." "Out of the corner of my mouth, blood." "I have
been wandering for quite a while, trying to decide how to tell you. It
isn't easy to speak of wounds which have been deeply buried. Please be
patient with me."

I just wanted to make note of this, just like I would annotate "like," as
if I'm just going to tell you something. Like if it were true, would that
make it any easier? Like my wounds are showing, as if they are, when you
know they aren't - I just wanted to talk to you about them, explain my
pain.

It is just a dream. "In his book on dreams, Freud illustrates the hidden
tendency in the word 'only.' When a person has a dream concerning some-
thing about which he would prefer not to think, he protects his sleep and
the impact of the undesirable thought by saying, 'It is only a dream.' He
is therefore able to continue dreaming, reassuring himself that there can
be no possible reality to the dream." (Feldman, op. cit.)

It is only a dream, it is just a dream. Let "just" in these senses always
already denote dreaming, the imaginary, disturbance. "I was just walking
by and I just want to tell you this." I will tell you this in my dreams,
and what you are hearing that I am saying, is not what I am saying, is
only in part what I am meaning; the rest lies beneath the surface - I
can't possibly say it, there's no way I can talk through it. Read the
signs, fantasize, project and introject, invest and disinvest - you will
find meaning, almost as in the form of an oracle, not an explicit fortune
but one askew, just as the truth lies within the implicate order. Open the
gates; let the truth be implicated: Just to be accurate, it is Truth which
is on trial.

"Sometimes a thought that would be censored even in sleep slips through.
In this case, the censorship finds it too late to retrieve its powers of
suppressing the undesirable thought which then continues to be articulate
in the sleeper. His last recourse of self-protection lies in minimizing
the impact and in denying the reality of the uncomfortable idea by say-
ing, 'It is only a dream.'" (Feldman, op. cit.) I will protect myself
against truth and its implication, a truth which can never be stated. I
just thought I would write about this, speak about this, walk about this
in your vicinity. Just that there is a permanent split between the ex-
pression of pain and pain, between the living and fulfilling of a wound
and its description. Just as the truth is implicate/d, is not susceptible
to a presencing in its fullness and fecundity, just as the truth is not
entirely constituted, so "just" and "only" serve in relation to a neces-
sary wandering that portends or procures our humanity. Beyond and beneath
the truth is the truth; there is no approach but angled.

( Truth and acceptance: Just so you will hear me. I only want you to lis-
ten to me. Just so you will listen. I only want you to hear, me, out. )

__


Saying


"She who knows does not speak.
She who speaks does not know.
Close your holes, shut your doors,
Soften your sharpness, loosen your knots."

(from Tao Te Ching, Charles Muller, trans.)

"By the way, I thought you should know this. Incidentally, it's about my
pain - to be perfectly frank, it's something I can hardly bear. Needless
to say, doctor, you've got to help me! Honest, I'm at my wit's end. Be-
fore I forget, there's a little matter of my dreams. And do you know what
happened? You know, it's hard to speak about this. Ah well, I don't care.
Of course, well, it's always difficult, am I right? Naturally, I'll con-
tinue. I don't want to hurt you, but I'm not sure you'll be able to help
me. I can't tell you how much hurt I feel. I'm running naked, everyone is
looking, and it goes without saying that I like it. I just wonder if I'm
an exhibitionist. I had a silly thought - what if I need to show myself
just so? I'm just kidding; this is ridiculous. I think it wouldn't be too
bad. Do you want me to tell you something? You enjoy looking up my skirt.
So I'm going to ask you a favor, a very big favor. What if I were to
slowly show myself to you? That's nothing! I would be more than happy to
speed up as well, show you everything! As you may remember, that's why I
came here in the first place. And you don't know this? You see what I
mean? You don't find me pleasurable; how can anyone else? You see, this is
all I have to show you! As usual, the session ... Er, Hello, Professor! I
just want you to know, I think you are terribly wrong, really. I wouldn't
show you anything, even for a million dollars! I have sixteen million
problems besides this! Now I think I'm getting you nervous, I'm stealing
the show. Well, I'm paying for it! I'm sure you're enjoying yourself. I
must admit I'm enjoying myself as well! Believe me, I want to show you
everything! Do you like it like this? Don't worry, it can only get better!
I want to ask you something, isn't this terrible? Oh, this feels so wond-
erful, I shouldn't have done it! I'm being naughty now, aren't I? How does
it make you feel? Just how much can you see? It's just a dream, I'm naked
beneath my skirt. You don't believe me? I can give you proof of anything
you like, I'm yours! After all, I'm paying for it!"

- some speech mannerisms from Feldman, op. cit.

Actionless action, about the release that occurs in relation to worlds
subsuming the surplus of language, peripheral world-words, inhalation
words. On the inhale, one is momentarily silent, absorbing the world. On
the uptake, one gathers energy, in order to expel speech. Exhalation, the
expulsion of speech, bringing forward part of the world to itself. Inhal-
ation, the taking, but also the submergence. Exhalation, the withdrawal
and drawing of boundary. 

Waiting, holding one's breath, waiting.

Exaltation.


__


OF A


THE ANNIHILATION OF THOUGHT  ( Azriel of Gerona )

Thought rises to contemplate its own innerness until its power of comp-
rehension is annihilated.

BEYOND KNOWING  ( Isaac the Blind )

The inner, subtle essences can be contemplated only by sucking, not know-
ing.

(from Daniel Matt, The Essential Kabbalah.)

The sucking, the orifice. The opening and inhaling of the world. The open-
ing through the guardian lips. The mouthings, murmurings, and burblings of
the organism in the world. 

The imbibing of the essence, the suffusion. The fruit from the rind, and
the seed from the fruit.

Sensory membranes of the guardian lips. Jouissance of murmuring speech.
The prickling of the skin, the awaiting. The coating of the material
world, the tingling of the organs.

The sweetness of the nectar, the pith. The sugars and pulp, the luscious.

The parting of the rind.

The luscious, the parting of the luscious.


__


Motto-ing of the World


"Object to Goethe because he raised the Faust of the people to a Faust in
art! Growth is the fate of humans, and this despite the fact that growth
can even prove fatal!" (from Counterpoint, Schenker, trans. Rothgeb and
Thym.)

i

Look towards the false philosophy of the masses, totality and managerial-
ity everywhere within the body politic. Look for the reconstitution of
"masses," and look for the reworking of philosophy and thought beneath,
not capital, but bandwidth. Bandwidth flows through nuclear families and
freedom mediated by technology; bandwidth descends from corporate abs-
traction, the nameless at the top, techno-fetishism at the bottom.

The operation is silent, troubling. It is the operation of the special
effect, blankness and digital dismemberment - the operation of coupling,
the easy slippage of the "you," absorption of alterity.

And I've been meaning to write this for a long time, culling the words,
clear-cutting them, walking the line of disaster.

There are two types of motto-ing (many types). Below, the non dot-com for
the most part - those whose philosophy is embedded in narratives and pro-
ducts. See how it goes. Whisper and memorize it, look how easy it slips
down and off. We're in the older economy of mediation here, as if there
were still mediatiors. We're not yet floating free.

Later, perhaps, that other which is one.

ii

There are no limits in the new world today.

It's a buyer's market. It's music to your ears. Seize the moment. Evil has
never looked this good. Be on your toes. Be comfy. Be together. To the
woman who gave me the right to vote. Single mom. And who said I could live
my life any way I choose. The revolution continues. This is true love. Be-
come a believer. Let's do this people. Somewhere beyond what you know is
an answer to split ends. Heat is beautiful. Time to get real. It's real
TV. It's your link to world and business news. Now there's a better way to
adjust your day. Incredible stuff.

Energy rush. Express yourself. Do it by feel. Get some sleep. Dream. And
wear sun screen every day. You know what's important. Advanced thinking.
Advanced care. All grown up and they still depend on me. And that I never
leave a burden to those kids. 

Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imag-
ined. I am not a victim. I am a survivor. Where does courage begin. It's
only a matter of time. What is your dream. Your car is waiting. It's all
you need. In 2000, history is made again. Connect with the game. If we all
lived here, we wouldn't have to worry about what's in our water. Lets your
family see the whole world wider. I don't have to be paranoid. Different.
What does the future hold. What will it look like? How will it feel? The
company you keep. The world of Internet business resembles a high-stakes
game of follow-the-leader. You could end up nowhere. Not only the yard-
stick - the ruler. Sync is everything. It's a rare occurrence you won't
want to miss. We bring the caring home. 

The power is yours. Add up all the times you've ever said, I really want
to, but I probably shouldn't. The forces of nature are waging a war and
the target is your deck. Imagine not being able to see. How your life
would be affected. We'll be there. I'm too sexy for the slow-lane. Too
sexy for the neighbors. Now my only challenge is making the shot. It's
about preserving your eyesight. What's more important than that? Talk to
your doctor. Do you know what your day is going to be like? I don't. Like
a rock, oh like a rock. Doctors know. I just want to celebrate. Worry
lines? Defy them. Why worry? The way that you are is just the way that you
are. Pain is what you make of it. Follow the dream. If looks could kill,
you wouldn't last five minutes. Did you know that a contact lens in the
hands of an eye-care professional can take your vision to another level?
And you thought 20-20 was as good as it gets. Turn up the mood, the frag-
rance. Now how refreshing is that? When a child takes what they've learned
and brings it to life, it becomes a part of him. I have a dream. I walk
out to the high-dive platform. When it really counts, you stand your
ground. What can we agree on? This is the beginning of a beautiful rela-
tionship.

I just want to make sure he's well looked after. I mean, this could be his
last move. Get in. Be moved. Doesn't it feel good? There are pretenders
among us. He started to fit in really well. In so many ways, in so many
places, it keeps a million disasters a day from happening. Lots of aller-
gies. Just one dose. I like the likes of you. I've got the world on a
string. On Internet time, companies grow in the blink of an eye. Changing
the way the world communicates. Imagine. What could you do with the commu-
nications to change everything? Ride the light. Got the urge. Imagine for
a moment you have everything, but need more.

Can't resist the mist.


__
  


Towards a Bending or Tension of the Real - Reading


in detail D. Bohm and B.J. Hiley, The Undivided Universe, An Ontological
Interpretation of Quantum Theory. I never identified with the hidden var-
iables part of Bohm's work, but I have identified with his work on Whole-
ness and the Implicate Order; I have part of the original manuscript,
which I received from him on one of several visits to Birkbeck College,
London. In any case, there is a striking relationship between his - and
Hiley's - work - and thinking about the relationships among ontologies and
appearances one might find in Buddhism. I'm not speaking of reincarnation
or dharma or "Buddha," but of a heterogeneity in a universe proffering
multiple ontologies on multiple levels, not exactly a (recursive) infinite
regression, but close. One finds an interconnectedness here that's hier-
archical in the sense of scale and energy, but universally spread - that's
what I tend to relate - there's something of Chuang Tzu in it as well,
which shouldn't be surprising. In fact, one has here the backdrop in the
sense of any backdrop dropping away.

I'd say Asian thought in general, fearing cries of Orientalism, but stres-
sing dialectics of illusion and transformation. And this work for me is
the clearest enunciation of these ideas - of what might be called a
fabric. Oddly, the distributivity of the Internet comes to mind - even
formally, since caching parallels, not only Indra's Net, but also what I
see as the non-distributive gestural logics of everyday life - so that,
for example, two isolated frequencies on a spectrum imply the whole. I'd
take out the mythos, the ancestors, the breathing and other hygienic
apparatus, any semblance of humans or divinities, Boddhisattvas or Arhats
or novices. I'd see what glittered - take for example the Bardo - you
might retain appearance playing itself out on one or another plane here.

The phrase translated "actionless action" - Chuang Tzu - to the extent
that intentionality is problematized - seems relevant here. Think of the
world as one of threshold logics, maintenance, etc. Think of the quietude
of consciousness, or even the trivial association of meditation with the
silent murmuring (Lingis) of the world - why such damping would be even
considered necessary. Or consider the knot of contradiction which occurs
within language - anywhere from Kabbalah to Heisenberg/Schrodinger/Russell
- and possibilities/impossibilities of resolution - and Russell and White-
head's baroque scheme of types to suture over the subject/enunciation of
classical logic in such a fashion. You might get there through the irres-
olution of resolution, or the resolution of irresolution - I imagine a
distributivity, probability cloud, over such reasoning itself. So you
might within a certain economy - political and economic - get somewhere
here - reside within a certain un/mapping nomadicism - and then - and for
how long does this hold? As if distinction (Bourdieu) or style carried
through, beyond epistemology, to ontologies. 

And I always thought of a relativized existentialism, i.e. to the extent
that X-exists - the question - exists in what domain? For example - the
existence of integers, irrationals, non-standard or imaginary numbers,
etc. - the existence of quarks, virtual particles - the existence of the
Empire State Building - the existence of pain, and so forth - all of these
at variance, speaking of/spoken within particular domains. So perception,
appearance, and ontology all interconnect - as they do in Bohm and Hiley -
it's this I'm comfortable with - excited by. "What has been constant in
this overall historical development is a pattern in which at each stage,
certain features are regarded as appearance, while others are regarded as
of an essence which explains the appearance on a qualitatively different
basis. But what is taken as essence at any stage, is seen to be appearance
of a still more fundamental essence. Ultimately, everything plays both the
role of appearance and that of essence. If, as we are suggesting, this
pattern never comes to an end, then ultimately all of our thought can be
regarded as appearance, not to the senses, but to the mind." "Another way
of looking at the notion of appearances is to note that appearances basic-
ally are what arise in our perception of the world." (Quotes from Bohm and
Hiley.) And so forth. This is, of course, and I'd say (good neo-Platonist
that I am) _naturally,_ grounded in considerable mathematical apparatus -
between the phenomenology of experience / experience, and mathesis / math-
ematics, there is an entire dialectic, with most of the physical work oc-
curring in the latter - something necessary and accepted by Bohm and
Hiley.

Behind the appearance, ontology; behind the ontology - appearance, all
within a hierarchy (one might also say stuttered hierarchy, I believe, or
even holarchy) of accessible and inaccessible levels. So one might also
argue for a depth and a hollowness to the world - who is to say, that with
increasing amounts of energy, new particles/spaces/concepts will not ap-
pear indefinitely? This is the viewpoint of the book - and strange to say,
it also relates (again of course) to the phenomenology of the Internet, to
the concept of information all the way up and down - to, in fact, (taking
a personal position here) my "usage" of Jennifer/Nikuko/Alan, and others
who are moving irregularly among levels, insisting through _wryting_ on a
problematic (wrong-headed, wrong-leveled perhaps) ontology or ontological
_persuasion_ against what appears to be the superstructural and foreclosed
Maya of the symbolic. For which reason, on the level of the psychoanalyt-
ic, I tend to favor the imaginary, those irruptions/disruptions/peripher-
alities that also, I believed, engaged "the" Kristeva of Revolution in
Poetic Language.

Not that I would make this move (withdrawing now) from the sciences to the
humanities, except to reiterate as Bohm said in conversation, Art is a
fitting, a making-fit. - and what would that be, among the plurality of
theories, levels, ontologies, epistemologies, and worlds, except something
always already interstitial, liminal - and thereby challenging - and
exactly where it should be?


_


Philosophy of the Managerial Elite: "WWI WWII WWW."


"Power is brilliant; subsume the revolution. Make manageriality work. Let
money make money. Emerge from abstraction into abstraction. Look towards a
future of language. Let violence transform the cutting-edge of consonants. 
Deliver content. Slit the womb for the perfect technology. Birthing fiber-
optic has never been easier. The pulse of the real is powered. The World-
Wide-Web, a fun version of military violence. Quotes from television, Net-
work World, Wired." Outside (within the explicit order), the slaughter of
the world: enfolded into broadband.

"The south is limitless, but has limits." (Hui Tzu.)
"The south is borderless, but has borders." (Hui Shih.)

Works like a dream. What do you want to protect? You could be next. Your
window of opportunity just opened. It's a buyer's market. Seize the mo-
ment. Ticker hour. I've got the world on a string. Dive in, the ticker's
fine. Home sweet ticker. Profit from it. If you lived before our time, who
would you be? Who would you be? How would you live? Things are changing.
We wanted you to know. No easier way to manage your money. Either way they
sing. We bring the caring home. Always be yourself. It's music to your
ears. That's all it takes to make your dreams come true. You never know
when nature will take its course. That's the kind of play we need. What
does it take to win them all? Who says you can't have it all? Welcome back
to the world. What do you want the internet to be? "Where business and
imagination find each other." Two become as one. Flexibility is power. Let
your people work from anywhere. Take me to the network where speed meets
performance. If the Internet has changed the world, you might say we've
changed the Internet. Now or Later, You Decide. Could you delete him be-
fore he reaches the car? I am NOT a piece of your inventory. I am an in-
dividual and you will respect my privacy. On the Net I am in control. Are
we the cutting edge of avant-garde? So even the middle of nowhere can be
the hub of activity. Exit the ordinary. Finally, a revolution where you
won't get jailed, shot or beheaded. Being Human in the Digital Age. The
Taj Mahal was built to last forever. Does your company share the same
vision? WWI WWII WWW. Power this triumphant now available in a battery.

The office has left the building. Communication uprising. Thoughts that
stick. Make shopping happen anywhere. The Net opens many doors. Maybe you
should lock some of them behind you. Confidence online. Web animation.
Tight integration. Killer. Now available on earth. Nothing attracts like
real media. Write and be read. Speak and be felt. They say you've been
leaving voice-mails that sound unclear. But face it, reality has a pulse.

__


perception is the appearance of thought; thought
    reflects appearance; the real is always thought;
    the real is an appearance; letting-go produces
    nothing; think within the maelstrom; let the
    maelstrom carry one along; think within the
    turbulence of the current; measure nothing;
    take no steps; think furiously; one step ahead
    of the other; flee from propriety; recognize
    correctness and withdraw; carry nothing;
    take nothing with you; escape silence; search
    in heat; of the fury, speak constantly
existence is bound; to be what i say it means;
    slipping away after sight or use; it pivots; not,
    not at all, neither, never, nor; without,
    attempt without means; measure without the
    mean; what is meant here and now; ipseity;
    ontology without background; the scope of
    the world; its style; exact being; what
    appears released; what appears in release
formation of self through insertion of Eye in 
    language; the shifter; bandwidth; garnering
    of coherence; the strategy
it is here, no it is over here, no it is made there,
    no it is created here, no it is just over there,
    no it is a little over there, no it is right here,
    no it is somewhere, no it isn't anywhere that i
    can see, no it's here


__


unclearness of plenitude


for the righteous.
   i am for the righteous.
for god.
   it is true. for or forward for god. 
   for the preservation of species.
call on god.
   i call on god for the naming of plenitude.
   for a word or for a sign.
grace.
   grace, for a sign is grace.
   for there is no grace beyond sign.
the calling.
   there is calling without god.
   there is calling upon names.
   there is the speaking of plenitude.*
   unlasting.


    *speaking about plenitude, and plenitude who is speaking -
    the text is unclear.

__


1986 Chinese Dictionary: Store Grain among the People.


repent; make amends; be steeped in evil and refuse to repent

climb to the top of the dyke; reach the summit; set foot on African soil;
Hatred of the enemy, for old and new wrongs, welled up in his heart.; lock
the door; lock up; put on a coat; become an accountant; be late for the
meal; Have you got in touch with him? She's fallen in love with the grass-
lands.; He seized a shovel and set to.; at the meeting; what is reported
in the newspapers; in fact; in reality; actually; in theory; theoretical-
ly; to be decided by the Party organization; The play is a success both
politically and artistically.; There's a map on the wall.; Put the book on
the table.; Our barefoot doctors have got calluses on their hands, mud on
their feet, medicine kits across their shoulders, and love for the poor
and lower-middle peasants in their hearts.

eye; be blind in both eyes; look; regard; regard as a miracle; item; de-
tailed items; order; suborder; a list of things; catalogue; table of con-
tents; book list; objective; target; hit the target; military objective;
military target; goal; aim; objective; the great goal of communism; a
common revolutionary objective

road; way; path; a mountain path; channel; course; change of course of the
Huanghe River; way; method; the way to keep fit; deal with a man as he
deals with you; pay back in his own coin; principle; criticize the doct-
rines of Confucius and Mencius; Taoism; Taoist; a Taoist temple; a Taoist
priest; superstitious sect; superstitious sects and secret societies;
line; draw a slanting line; a river; myriads of golden rays; two success-
ive doors; three lines of defence; an order; set five questions for an
examination; serve four courses; save one step in the process; say; talk;
speak; have a glib tongue; have the gift of the gab; as the saying goes;
think; suppose; So it's you! I thought it was Lao Zhou.

stop; prevent; stop from going; turn gloomy; turn glum; dejected; depres-
sed; dispirited; disenheartened; The enemy's morale is low.

armed forces; army; troops; join the army; learn military affairs; learn
from the PLA; wipe out an enemy army; cadres including and above the level
of army commander; cadres of army level and above.

not conform to; be unsuited to; be out of keeping with; not conform to the
rules; be unsuited to present needs; be out of keeping with the objective
conditions; not up to the required standard; below the mark; be tempera-
mentally incompatible; not be to her taste; not appeal to her; be out of
keeping with the times; be incompatible with present needs; should not;
ought not; Had we foreseen that, we would not have let him go.

build; construct; erect; construct a bridge; erect a tall building; build
a railway; All exploiters build their happiness on the suffering of the
working people; building; structure; edifice

entrance; door; gate; Please use the south entrance.; front (back) door;
school gate; stove door; valve; switch; air valve; switch; way to do
something; knack; After working in the steel mill for a while I got an
inkling of how steel is made. family; wealthy and influential family;
(religious) sect; school (of thought); Buddhism class; category; divide
into different categories; phylum; subphylum; Vertebrata; a piece of
artillery; a cannon; a gun; two subjects; two courses; AND gate; NOT gate;
a surname

bored; depressed; in low spirits; Don't you feel bored staying here all
alone? Why not come out with us for a walk? tightly closed; sealed

hide; conceal; Grandma hid the wounded Eighth Route Army man in her
house.; This chap can't keep anything to himself.; store; lay by; store
grain among the people.


__

Alphabet

ayr bei kri dre ju na pau nu su swu lo tral tre h'ru h're yau yu ywu fo
zhou t'e

_


Poem of Differences Generating Differences

1	h > zz
3,5c3
< 1a2,3
< > 2	h >> zz
< > 3	h > yy
---
> 3	h > yy
3,7c3,7
< 1a2,3
< > 2	h >> zz
< > 3	h > yy
< 2c2,5
< < 3,5c3
---
> 3	h > yy
> 2,4c2,6
> < 2	h >> zz
> < 1a2,3
> < > 2	h >> zz
9,22c9,13
< > 2	h >> zz
< > 3	h > yy
< > 2,4c2,6
< > < 2	h >> zz
< 5d7
< < < > 3	h > yy
< 7c9,13
< < > 3	h > yy
< ---
< > > 3,5c3
< > > < 1a2,3
< > > < > 2	h >> zz
< > > < > 3	h > yy
< > > ---
---
> > 3,5c3
> > < 1a2,3
> > < > 2	h >> zz
> > < > 3	h > yy
> > ---

__


unclearness of wounding


through my mother's death (which she no longer possesses),
 i have determined (as has been determined for me): 
 that there is only one death; that this death has no number;
 that it is lived once; that it is harbored as a secret illness;
 that it is coveted in secret; that it comes but once, remains;
that there is only one passage, one text, one whisper;
that nothing is of import; that cathection is cathected;
 investment invested; meaning meant and maintained;
that death is no example; that memory declares, withdraws;
 that death is always for the living; that living death is
 constancy; that annihilation is the value of a world; 
that negation is a token; that ipseity struggles with the angel;
 that writing is of the suppurated body; that skin is wound;
 that wound or illness have no death (i.e. have nothing to do
 with death, or continue past the death of the individual - or
 that wounding and illness are continuous - the text is unclear)

_


unclearness of writing


the text is unclear (that I have written an unclear text; that I don't
understand the text I have written; that the text which has written itself
through me is unclear; that these reasons and motivations, results and
phenomenologies, are unclear); that the text is blurred, confused; that
the text is unreadable; that the letters themselves are unreadable; that
the lines are askew; that the referents are unknown or peculiar; that the
referents are one-to-many; that the text is far too abstract; that it
references things, persons, or events totally obscure (that I have gone
into hiding; that I am uncertain of my meaning; that I am drawn to the
unknown or obscure; that my thinking itself is askew; that I employ un-
clear writing as a defense or strategy; that I am asserting something I do
not seem to be asserting; that my real intent and content are elsewhere);
that it goes elsewhere; that it goes without saying

__


Department of Language


Put to death anyone working in the Department of Language.
Our motto is death to anyone working in language.
This order which shall not be countermanded applies on every level.
Those in charge of referents deserve our special attention.
Language shall not be tethered with any relation to the real.
Let death be quick for those concerned with antiquity and adjectives.
Let those compiling concordances die the slowest death of all.
Our motto is let the work come swiftly to an end.
Not language but workers shall become a memory written in language.
This order is against the possibility of survival.
Not libraries but librarians shall be slaughtered as well.
Libraries are not tethered to the Department of Language.
The trouble with libraries is the records of every department.
Let the records be freed and released and leave the libraries alone.
Our motto is release the records and release the librarians.
Our motto is only the Department of Language but never the libraries.
This order shall not be countermanded.

__

