click here to read the addresses and names <name.cfm>
click here to return to Lost homepage <index.htm>

my gold ring

One child

the memory of this page, for two years, until reminded of it by an
acquaintance.

Why focus on the things you have lost when life is wonderful?

my father and with him my childhood security

My Gata.

my teddy bear and my virginity - to the same girl

my mind!

time

my mind

my eyes. where are my eyes

nothing important

nothing important

my mind

my mind my spirit my sense of joy my naievity my innocence

turtle

all sense of sanity on a monday eve ...

I lost the ability, somewhere along the line, to squelch anger and call
it sorrow instead. It leaked out of my eyes when I least expected it. I
try saying it now. I am angry. It has an unexpected ring to it. So much
so that the act of saying it almost calms me down. I always valued my
sorrow. I thought it was an antidote to other people's anger. I
thought...I thought...but that's gone now. To the outside world it
probably looks much the same. It still cries. It still stalls. It still
weeps, has no direction. But I know what I've lost. Or rather I don't.
Gone is gone.

what did you lose?
me you

my childhood

childhood ignorance

a hat blew into the sea from a ferry in greece 12 years ago

please sand me Drivers printer 1509 1109

A bunch of old reel-to-reel tapes of myself talking before I could
really talk.

ay que mareo, no puedo escribir asi, todo el rato con este temblor.
Hasta la vista baby.

What I have lost is not a thing misplaced, but a thing deliberately
displaced. It has not been lost so muich as it was stolen. My sense of
thinking my own thoughts, my sense of integrity. It has all been
scattered into a thousand other voices. Those bastards! Who do they
think they are?!

Today I sat down to my computer to listen to something to take the pain
away. When I sat down, Google was open. I told myself, with sarcasm,
lets see what godd will give me, and I typed gibberish with my eyes
closed. It turned out ";MDdvs" or something like that. I got one result,
and it was this page. I'm not sure why I wrote this, but for some reason
my conscience made me.

my good health i am so sorry and i love you forgive me

my bouhashudo

my bouhashudo

my religion

my religion

balance

my self-discipline.

jkjk

my soul

My mother.

my soul

I lost my groove. But I'm getting it back again now.

The sense that
there would always be
enough time . . .

a certain degree of entailment, time itself...

there is nothing that I won't lose - every person, every thing

1nce, lo()zt a senseology...a[h!] text des.hurt, a place with no m-mage
liphe ore vision in wurds [block blindnezz]...

the un.born text ov that thyme will neva B....

In the space of a summer when I first started driving, I lost 3 gas-caps.

I lost what I never had never found only lost even before it existed
disappeared without a trace if I could only recall what it was

I lost what I never had never found only lost before even it existed
disappeared without a trace if I could recall what it was I could put it
back perhaps its in the pitmarks of Nikuko's face blurred and fuzzy like
a memory of what was it never found a searching space bigger smaller
smaller smaller and lost or wasn't there stream of consciousness too
shallow to follow to the pond that wasn't there now or then or was it
under there undone unfinished unlost unnever until whatever...

I lost what I never had never found only lost before even it existed
disappeared without a trace if I could recall what it was I could put it
back perhaps its in the pitmarks of Nikuko's face blurred and fuzzy like
a memory of what was it never found a searching space bigger smaller
smaller smaller and lost or wasn't there stream of consciousness too
shallow to follow to the pond that wasn't there now or then or was it
under there undone unfinished unlost unnever until whatever...

a cat named C.C.

I lost my abillity to disinhibit my behavior at will.

i apparently lost what i never really had.

my girlfriend ran off with someone i really cared about.

my son to schizophrenia

i don't know

i have lost the matching earrings to so many pairs i have ever owned;
i'll never find them again, but maybe someone on the 6
ain will.

names for, people who, places where, time when... the harsh sun on the
snowy slope

400 Bad Request

Due to malformed syntax, the request could not be understood by the
server. The client should not repeat the request without
modifications. click here to read the entries

1954 record of Langston Hughes
"Wearied Blues" with Charlie
Mingus and Zoot Sims

Writing and speaking made it official: When I began doing those things I
lost all propensity I had for honesty...

A Haitian Creole Bible inscribed by the priest with whom I lived for a
year in Cap Haitien.

... my ability to believe and a 6-pack of AA batteries.

My brother, Nick.

i have lost the truth

regrets over so much I wouldn't be able to tally them - a lost notebook
in Israel years ago for example, a flute made by Boehm, friends across
the United States and Canada, in some ways a lifetime of disappearance...

a floppy disk containing the contents of my heart.

every corproate identity badge or license I had before 1995

my sense of national identity, too many moves, too many places to
identify with.

a tiny silver chain-mail purse

Burns:the fulfillment of desire.

my parents

myself, when i was 5

earrings, many, often

bank & credit cards, infrequently

my virginity a very long time ago thank God

my voice, but then it came back, but not as freely

two mothers, to death

one son, to death

i DID NOT LOSE IT, i GAVE IT TO YOU TO LOOK AFTER AND YOU DID NOT CARE
ENOUGH TO KEEP A HOLD OF IT TILL i CAME BACK, YOU BLOODY PUT IT DOWN AND
WALKED AWAY, FUCK YOU

Over the years, too many things to count and remember. But they all boil
down to a tiny leprechaun lost when I was five.

My desire for fame.

I lost my shoulders, my ribs, spleen, tongue, and fingers, toes, legs,
it was so cold, i lost the entirety of my torso, but i never lost my head.

time, friends and their accompanying memories, into the unrecoverable
damaged sectors of demagnetized darkness

my cat

i never lost my head because everywher it went, there I was, just
gawking from within the frostbitten spectacle.

i lost my pece of mind, in one brief instant of time and although i have
regained it to some dgree, i never forget the lososs

lost my closest friend to existentialism. during that time, more than 6
years ago, he, like me believed that life was meaningless and
"everything is permitted in a Godless world". we both were like that.
then somebody in his office forced him to participate in a forgery
attempt. he was caught and was warned. not trusting his boss's warning,
he thought his boos would complain to the police. scared about a prison
sentence, he killed himself. he was a normal guy. but jean-paul sartre,
beckett and richard wright made him get into that forgery,
ahlfwillingly. we used to discuss a lot about suicide. when he sensed
danger, suicide was the first option that occurred to him. i dont blame
sartre, camus or wright. he died because of his immaturity. he wanted
adventure. a philosophical rebel, that's what he considered himself, as
i did.

Anyone - even people with unpierced ears like mine - can lose earrings.
I imagine lines of them gathering from all directions, fanning out to
the horizon, all leaving together, migrating in flocks. I lost a silver,
filigree one with a green stone in the centre. It was part of a pair
meaning something special to me.
Gone with it are those early days of driving to work from the wrong
direction, needing too much coffee in the afternoon and wandering in
supermarkets, suddenly unaware of why I was there, what I wanted anyway,
stopping to exchange secret smiles with artichokes, beetroots and
aimlessly contemplating watercress.
I have a similar pair now that stay firmly attached - to anyone else
they would look much the same ? but even after all these years I know
they are different and the odd, abandoned one still remains.

I lost my keys down a New York subway, and if I keep looking at this
shaking screen, I will lose my sanity

i lost my sense of perspective

J. and I passed a lot of time
trying to figure out important stuff
or passing time. Trees outside
the window, that's not back.

the ability to sleep, to wake up at ease with the world, to not feel
that depression beneath the surface, to find things simpler than they
are, to have illusions, to feel knowledgable...

I lost a little silver purse that was very precious - like chain mail -
it was stolen from a changing room - some beffy teenager probably gave
it to his kid sister for xmas!!

the form: it's disappearing as I type.... I can't see anything at all!

the form: it's disappearing as I type.... I can't see anything at all!

everything I keep typing into this form!

I lost found times

Any belief in belief

sunglasses and mind

this

my ability to trust but not yet my ability to love

my ability to trust but not yet my ability to love

I am always finding Sarahs - finding them fascinating and inevitable -
and I am told that this is because I lost a Sarah, or rather she was
lost to leukemia (and so lost to me), when I was very small, too small
to remember. There is a Sarah-shaped gap in the world that every Sarah I
meet falls into, without ever filling it...

innocentlustfuldesire
&
a whippet called Eddie

O missing chessman, your replacement--thimble, eraser, whatever--stands
in your square, and we're moving on, a kludgey blizzard.

My first computer. I'm on my third now. This was the place I learnt to
write. The first files were ALL IN CAPS LOCK. I was maybe ten, eleven,
twelve. I wrote poems. The word processor was called "multimate" and it
was white letters on a blue screen. The files automatically timed how
long they'd been opened. I'd spent fifty-six hours on one file. I loved
role-playing games and choose-your-own-adventures. I invented worlds and
games, elements stolen from Terry Pratchett, Larry Niven, early Nintendo
RPGs. I kept a diary. There was the influence of Adrian Mole. Some of it
was about a girl named Natasha. Some of it was about rowing. A few days
ago, the impossible happened and I found a few poems. Dot-matrix
printer. The only copies left, I guess. I'll post one. I'll post "fire
within". http://members.aol.com/lindchur/fire.html

my soul

Loss

Object
Want
Desire
Something
In there
Can't be found
Refuses
The light
Of day

At night
Each dream
Fills
With desire
And want
For the loss
Of something

Something
Not found

yes\
that
is what
I can't
find
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

I lost the strength to change what I can, the ability to accept what I
can't, and the capacity to tell the difference.

lost my balance

My Daughter Lost


Always, always, always, I know this first --
My dearest girl is gone, my daughter Lee
I loved but not enough to keep with me --
Of all the things I've failed to do, the worst.
Her poet mother's supple brain was cursed
To learn the language of pathology.
When surgery failed they turned to drugs and she
Began to dream of torture, dreams she nursed
To memories of children murdered by
Her father and her mother and her will.
I could not hold her to the truth. She found
At Duke a doctor who convinced her I
Was fondling Lee. A judge said no, but still
She took my Lee and hid her underground.

the Snow Queen...i wAndered Far in2 the greylAnds...& when i reTurned,
shE had beeN killed bY AN eviL shadoW...no-one 2 blAme...just some1 2 pAy.

the belt for my dressing gown

my fear of loosing things.

gold

lost the knack of fooling myself. used to be real good at it could do it
for days months years. hell I fooled myself for two decades once.

the virtual residency at trAce, the ability to create sites such as
this, to work with some brilliant people, to hunger for the maternal
folding of language and community...

lot of time and hope

My ImagiNATIOn

Five weeks of my life, my daughter's senor year, a semester of school,
my stomach muscles, and yes, my belly button too.

Great Uncle George's medals

my mother ? and I regret my lack of care

so, now I?ve said that, really said it, I feel I may have totally lost
the obligation to continue trying needlessly to write a whole novel
which says in too many words what I?ve just said, in rather fewer, there

an affinity for plaids,
any intersection, really

revindications et une conscience trop personelles

a sense of diremption

that need to be vocally imaginative. actually, that consists of, a long
time non sequitor lighthouse, and losing the decision to interact in
that fashion. fashion is timely. mostly i dicontinue the desire to
psychopathic. alas, that's not truism. much accrues. things i've lost:
dream monitor, needed road trip, equation octopus, intimate relate
domestic animal, male 1st genration dynamic of family or at least losing
it as we (i) speak, wife, doing a wheely, intricate cosmic stuff, after
15 years a pair of shoes, an ability to transcribe the river overhead,
sadness of slipping comfortable garb, emptied satchels, opportunities,
opportunities, falling to vice in the face of pure needed distraction.
also bob marley tickets when opened for the commadors at madison square
garden, nyc. plus other stuff.

i lost my confident , free-time and my young.

I win you lost, Alan

Lost is <...>, Lost is [---], Lost is \...\.

the deposit for mylast house

A nameless dread, a freakish hell,
to lose my brain - cell by cell.

A nameless dread, a freakish hell,
to lose my brain - cell by cell.

A nameless dread, a freakish hell,
to lose my brain - cell by cell.

everything best in me

I lost my good old Dad to cancer when I was 7.

She insists I am afraid of losing her but I don't think so. Loss is the
sweat freezing as you ride over the high pass and descend in tears, an
unshareable ecstasy, perhaps to die on a hairpin, having lost all care
for a life less, or more, than that. For project read traject.

When I was eleven, I had a small mother-of-pearl-handled knife, which
folded shut and fit perfectly in the palm of my right hand. My first
knife. I used it to whittle sticks. Then I dropped it on the hills of
dirt next to the house we were building. I searched for days, looking
for the shiny white-grey in the brown and the grass, but then the
bulldozers came and my mother-of-pearl-handled knife was buried forever.
Unless some other child of some future family dug deep for treasure one
Saturday morning?

my mother is dying of cancer, just when things were looking up. she's
over eighty, I can't stand it'; she's been with me - all of my family -
most of my adult life. she has never done anyone harm at all, never
spoken bad about anyone. she did secret mideast missions at one time.
she worked for years for no money, way ove3r forty hour weeks. we just
found out tonight. i can't write something poetic or something even with
a sense of mourning. it's just there, flat, seeping, everywhere in
space, in air, in the ground. i can't make sense of it, anything. all my
life i've headed towards this senselessness...

The list of lost things is very big. I am not sure whether I can write
all of them in this place. But few of them should be mentioned isn't it?
I am lost in this concrete jungle and find always missing lossing out
things which otherwise could have been done without. I am talking too
much. many have mentioned that they have lost something or the other. I
am lost in the virtual world and finally land up in xxx rated site. chat
to a sexy girl 18 years of. but i log in next day she is lost. I am lost
in the world of writing, though a journalist and forced to write to
live, I find myself lost in the commercial writings. Pls write this that
company will give us an ad, says the manager for I am a business
journalist. I take it up thinking I have lost the qualities of a
journalist. I am lost when a i find out that the story which I had sent
to my editor for getting it published in missing in the latest issue..
for it would have hurt someone's attitude if it was published, says the
editor. I am lost when few people call up ask where is your piece this
issue. I am lost in my own world where i dream to becom a filmmaker and
end up in the bed. I am lost everywhere... but at the end of the day I
am lost nowhere

o i lost love what else is there to lose??? my thing that i lost, my
nightblooming moonflower, what else to call it? the texture of the jute
rug the texture of the flannel shirt, the shock of trembling black hair,
the overbright eyes that gave and received pleasure without speaking
--though the speaking voice was seductive and overly pleasant "a little
too charming" sd my mother -- how can i follow this trembling violent
thread to its conclusion, a cold decomposition in the gray atlantic? am
i grateful? do i mourn?

was i too obvious? when o when will i lose myself? that is the object
most devoutly to be lost... i lost a garnet cross once, and had a
nightmare about threee witches who lived in the garage, they were out to
get me and i had no amulet against their long spiky fingernails. another
time i lost a bunch of mittens, over a long time period that is, many
years, i lost many mittens. i thought i was the only one who lost
mittens, then when i was almost 40 i went to someone's house after a
reading and had lost my mitten and my host said to his wife, honey,
where's the single mitten box, let's fix poesia up with one of them.
then i realized that this one family alone, of 2 kids and 2 adults, had
generated many many single mittens because they had lost so many many
single mittens.

i lost a silk scarf, black with rosebuds, the most beautiful...

I lost my innocence

all I considered mine but the mineshaft.

A pair of sunglasses in an immense field of house sized boulders below
Mont Thabor.

this entry

this entry

Error Occurred While Processing Request

Error Diagnostic Information

ODBC Error Code = 23000 (Integrity constraint violation)

[Microsoft][ODBC Microsoft Access 97 Driver] The changes you requested
to the table were not successful because they would create
duplicate values in the index, primary key, or relationship. Change the
data in the field or fields that contain duplicate data, remove the
index, or
redefine the index to permit duplicate entries and try again.

The error occurred while processing an element with a general identifier
of (CFINSERT), occupying document position (9:1) to (9:48).

Date/Time: 03/03/00 20:11:58
Browser: Mozilla/4.08 [en] (Win16; I ;Nav)
Remote Address: 199.185.225.169
HTTP Referer: http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/lost/index.htm
Template: D:\InetPub\wwwroot\lost\lost_ins.cfm

the beginning years of my 1st child who is living
those years, these years I continue to wait to share with him, can never
be (properly) restored

The beginning years of my 1st child who is living.
Those years, these years, I continue to wait to share with him, can
never be (properly) restored.

- living in the uterus of my mome - talking with my grandma died years
ago - the lucky state to know nothing - the limited world view of a child

the security of the uterus - to talk with my grandma - the limited world
view of a child -the state to know nothing

I had a happy childhood between the ages of 20 and 33, and then it was
over. I was as strong as hell but my eyes changed; see it in the old
passport photograph. God, this agitating window is just the friction
that keeps me focussed. Everything new is given to be lost, so I will
have turned away from you before you go.

i lost my tung.

when i started on trAce six months ago, when I began my diary, it was
then that I heard almost immediately of my mother's illness. on the day
the residency ended at trAce, she had taken a turn for the worse; all of
this has accompanied me throughout my writings for six months, a
haunting, harbinger of permanent loss to come

All the things I can't remember

Many things physically. Very little emotionally. The lost times, lost
people, lost tastes, lost places, lost love are somewhere beyond loss.
There is a place where time and place and people meet together in our
minds. One day that too may be lost but not yet, not yet.

three wooden and four glass picture frames. perfect for fitting in
photos or postcards

The will to give a shit.

Nothing that can't be found again.....

4:31 - 9:18

The afterthought or the composed thought. What is composure. Or
composition as construct. Construction. You have to construct a thought.
Or thoughts develop. Is it always an interpretation? The interpreting is
the space you were thinking about this morning. The psychoanalytic
space. What is that space. The aparatus. Apparatus. Apareil. Appareil.
Words as nerve endings. The idea that someone speaking to someone else
can unfold themselves. What do we listen for when we listen for someone.
In intimacy, that private space, two people talking. What do they talk
about. They remember. Or they plan. They make plans. Do they unfold
themselves. How well does anyone ever know anyone. But the
psychoanalytic space is about a self unfolded. Layers of experience.
Events. Memories and recognitions. The misrecognition. No self ever
unfolds in time, and there is no origin? No single point in time? No
defining event? Or else words for mental life and physical life go
around and around. The one listening goes around and around. A narrating
circulates where does it end. Tell me about it. Tell you what. Whatever.
Whatever's on your mind. What's on a mind. How can a thought be anywhere
near on a mind. The word already spoken is already removed from any
truth or identity about the event if there was an event. Did it really
happen to you or did you make it up. What ever really happens to any one
of us? Can whatever has happened to you be said to have happened? What
do you remember from the past year? Sensory impressions, visual stimuli.
Raw data. Too many signs for what aren't voices. What are voices. A body
and a presence. Bodies and presences. Persons. People in a room with
names. What else makes a person. Does the person dissolve on the screen.
What is it that happens on this screen. What happens to people. It's
distance. Separation. The intervention of an interface or wall of
electric light between subjects. Instead of people in a room you get
signs circulating on screens. People in a room carry a distinct weight.
Lourd. Heaviness. When you walk into a room now whether classroom or
meeting room you sense that wieght. There's weight in a voice. In
voices. Voices weigh with words and the words weigh. What do they know
and what they do not know. About anything or about themselves. What do
you know. What can you know at any one time except for the others'
voices coming at your direction. Does this happen on a screen. Does it
happen in electric space. Spaces. The signs flatten out and what do they
speak about. Voices in a room interpenetrate. Or they are in the air, a
weight in the air. Acoustics. What is not a broadcast. The loudspeaker.
Where is the voice coming from. Where in all of this is the confidence
in ideas. That people draw conclusions based on their experience and put
those conclusions into some form of identity. However provisional
identity is. How provisional does it have to be. What is provisional is
something you adapt to operate with, function with. The objective
measure of any action in the world. The loss of the sense of the object
or objectivity on the screen across the experience of the past year.
There increasingly became nothing to engage anything, no measure by
which to gauge any response. Hyperproliferations of reactions, reflexes.
Personae. Projections. Again the refusal to accept the projection on its
face value. On its face. That there is a single face behind any
projection. That there is your face or my face. where does the face go
in the psychoanalytic space? One voice speaking and the other listening.
But do the faces read one another. Are facial expressions exchanged.
this extra-linguistic meaning or gesture. The trace of a gesture. What
is the apparatus for determining meaning in the narrating of this or
that event. Using words for what is life. What is the wording. What is
in the wording. You word something, you put whatever it is that you put
into words, into words since what are you left with without words?
Afterthought or composed thought. You compose a thought and measure it
against the reality it happens in? Nothing really happened. We made it
all up. That this can't be sufficient to itself. That this can't be any
kind of answer. Truth and fiction and falsehood. Reality and the
imaginary and the symbolic. How separate do they have to be. How
separate are they. If they collapse into one another, what are you left
with. The not being able to know anything. How to insist and keep to
insisting about what it is possible to know. you can't know the effect
of a word. Or images. Or sounds. You measure the effect of your words on
someone you're speaking with. Why are they there. Why are you there.
What does a word do if it doesn't help someone help themselves to their
own words. What does a word do to someone. What have words done to you.
It wasn't the words. What was it then. It was what they were doing to
the words. What were they doing. What is the seizing of disparate
meanings. What do people do to one another. It depends on where they
are. It also depends on who they are. Or it depends on what they are.
what they are doing. What are they doing. Where are they going. What are
you doing. What do you do. A thought without an object circulates
endlessly. Is philosophy without an object. What is the room that you
are writing in. A space. A living space or an empty space. Is there a
book open. If there is or isn't there a book open. What is the book that
is open. What are you reading. What happens to you when you are reading.
Where does the reading go. What are you reading it for. What are you
reading for. What is reading. What does what you are reading what frame
does it put the experience it says it is or has in? What does it say
that it knows. What can it know. It knows silence and it knows that it
isn't silence. What is it if it isn't silence. What sound does a word
make in this space. What sound does a word make that is written to
itself? What was the sound that was coming from the wires. It wasn't
human. You were using a machine to make the sound. Who were you when you
were using whatever you were using to make the sound. What were you when
you were using whatever it was that you were using when you made that
sound. What are these words in comparison. Do they or can they exist in
an acoustic space. Do they make a sound. Or are they mute.

Have you fallen silent. Writing into the light space what happens to
your eyes. How many persons does a language write to. When the writing
is a private language. There are private languages. A public language is
what. What is a public language. Where does it come from and where does
it go to? How does it go where it does go? That the references belong
somewhere. that they go among others and that there's some form of
agreement about what the words more or less refer to and mean. That they
signify to an experience that more than one person has had. It is not a
psychoanalytic space. It has no use for the tangent. Does it let the
tangent go somewhere. Can words circulate and arrive at an endpoint. A
definition. What is defined on the basis of a set of experiences. What
has been your experience. The difficulty of speaking to the experience
of the past year. As though the very sense of what experience is has
been taken away. Or that it belonged and it belongs to someone else's
experience. What has been your experience of virtual space. Unfamiliar
lines and modes of communication. If it is or was communication. What is
transmitted. Interface. Machinism. Is it possible that a machinery for
representation can mistake itself for what is the object of the
representation. The object of action, acting in and on the world. Never
have I felt farther from Poetry changes the world. Though that is only a
half measure, applying it to your own condition and circumstance. It may
prove true for someone else coming to it from somewhere else. What may
have happened in the electronic environment of the past year is that the
intensities, the seizings of meanings, were applied directly to the one
writing during the writing. Something like putting your head in a metal
drum and having people throuwing stones at it. Here is an expression for
the experience of writing in the electronic space, given the condition
you were writing in, not just contested meaning, but a contested body,
an object, you become an object or the signs you were throwing out on
the screen represented you and offered themselves (and you) for the
projections of others. What happens in the interface, the surfaces. Were
you an object of hatred. Silence. A long silence. But what was all that
hatred a projection of. What promotes it. Is it something in the
interface? The electricity? What if it's just possible that you
alienated others to the extent that you never stopped speaking, or
whatever it is that this is called, signing into the lists from your
experience, once again and again and again, proletarian? Somehow to
accept as an achievement, or at least an inroad, to have made an inroad
on this or from this, really writing or signing innocently or ignorantly
of the parameters. Where any capable or objective sense of parameters
were possible once this and that happened, pressing letters into the
screen and having other words appear. Netscape Navigator 4.7. These
disks that arrive in the mail from Compuserv and AOL with sign on words
like grosleeks or guitar tusks. What is there to read into it. Some half
world or other world of indirection or worse. Can it be said that you
never knew where you were when you were on the lists. At what point did
you become aware of being an object, a contested object? From that the
experience of not being able or allowed to appear. Or reappear. That any
possibility of a public space for your voice was taken away from you. At
least from this in some measure an objective sense of the construction,
that an identity has been constructed for you, around you. Something in
whatever public space is out there that says what or who you are. What
is anyone in proportion to the social context that constructs that
person? What are you outside of a social context? Was the experience of
the past year a desperate effort to reestablish a former context? What
was the context that you had made for yourself here if not a falling
back into the proletariat, if it was a fall. It was something that
happened. It happened. It made me a better person. Someone better than
the person who stamped words into this light. Was that person being
constructed by the other personae on the lists. What person is this now
that has left the lists. What person are you in the process of becoming.
It is a choice. If and when we are given a choice. What is the choice in
the light of the definition. Who has the power to say who you are. who
have you given the power to say who you are. Where are your powers? The
experience of powerlessness and its relation to isolation. But what are
you isolated from? What is some at least of the energy of where I was
once writing from had nothing to do with returning to a former context.
What if I was writing to bring you into another context. Or have we
shown that nothing in writing is written in stone, not here or on any
page. What have we shown. What has been shown. What if what's happening
in this space, the light of the lists, what if it's the desertion of
social contexts? How can anything social be virtual? The social itself
is what weighs, the weight, the heaviness. It is the heaviness of the
body and the voice. The active construction of a social meaning.
Silence. Silence in the face of the formulaic. What gets formulated in
the room. What gets formulated in the private room is not what gets
formulated in the public room. Can you say what it is that you are
doing. Can you say where it is that you are going. Only with great
difficulty if at all can I say where it is that I have been. This year
of distress. What has been undergone is no less real for it having been
here, on the screen, the light, the mind. A mind. My mind. This
resistance to it being taken away, shaped in others' hands, words. Did
you experience the words as hands. Did you experience the words more
physically than should be or as they are experienced usually? How do
people experience these words? What is the world these words were coming
from? How can you say what someone is looking at them from outside? To
hold on to this as an objective perception, something concrete: You were
not invited to appear in any public space. Your voice and body,
presence, representation, was closed off. Foreclosed. What happened
across the year was the closing off of the possibility of functioning
anywhere near the identity of your text in a public space. You were
prevented from speaking for or representing your text. Your writing.
Your words. Your body was forcibly detached from your words. the work of
reclaiming a voice and body in a public space. Not today. Not tomorrow.
It is wood, sitting here and trying to think about this, about what has
happened. What happened.

Silence. Does it belong to another world. You were coming back to me
from another world. You were coming back to me from a world I didn't
know. Couldn't know. Not from where I was. Where was I if I wasn't where
I had fallen. What I wrote about it and how it was written did not
belong to the world you were coming from. It was difficult to recognize
the world you were coming from. The turnstile scroll. Poetry tonite.
"The Proud Tower" was the book the persona you were using said it was
reading. "Barbara Tuchman?" The word Barbara must have done something.
The persona disappeared. Reading the Turnstile Scroll for hours and the
Charles Dumont poem popping up. It was written just at a level where I
could understand it. It takes a while to remember. All the screens. The
images. The pornography. Was it a rupture. A kind of visual rupture. Or
the eye exposures. Eyeballing. What better word is there for the
experience of pornography on the net. "No discomfort with the childhood
toys." We were able to exchange a few messages. Were they messages. What
was communicated across the interface if not artificial constructions of
what we're not, or even the world that's inscribed on us? The social
coding and coating and laminating. Was it even you or me or laminated
surfaces, the worst in us or on us? About us? What was around us? Did we
take into account what was around us? Or else what was it that I had for
what you were. Are. Am. What was between the images and signs on the
screen and what had passed between us. Was it an effect. Was it just an
effect. Or what can't even be worded at this point is the collision. No
premonition of the force being put into motion through us. Did you have
any conception of your powers. All of this is beyond me now. It is not
what a word can say. What is said and what has been said will go away. A
birth. Was I your birth? Terrible to think in the light of what has
happened. What has happened. Distance and separation and the interface.
Or did it finally prove impossible to integrate me into the community?
World.com. What happens to people in that world. What kind of people
inhabit that world? What if all that passed between Lenin and Inessa
were kisses? Why still deprive me of seeing you. All the silence between
these words. What is waiting in the silence. What is writing in the
silence. What is all this silence. What can't be thought. What isn't a
thought. Listening to the French tape today and reading with it and the
experience of the acoustic of it and text at the same time. How French
for me is a visual language. Something that isn't eyeballed. The writing
it onto the page as a visual language. It is hardly if ever heard at
all. What is strange about trying to make it acoustic. Next to
impossible. As though what was needed was the visual or graphic
impression. Compression. Or is there here what is not a sign at all.
What is at all or is not at all. What is it all. Once you cross certain
lines is there any crossing back. There is no going back. Where are you
going. There was never any going back. I was waiting for you and then we
would go somewhere else. I was waiting for you with someone else. How
guilty that poem by David Baratier made me feel. About downsizing
someone. Did it make me downsize myself. What is unnatural about what
has happened is that what has happened was natural in an artificial
space. It was what was bound to happen when there is not a face. Where
there is not a face. I couldn't find your face. I couldn't locate your
face anywhere. I couldn't find you anywhere among all those signs.
Silence again. The being here and no words. The thought of you. What is
the thought of you. It is not something that could find its way through
this screen. The signs kept getting in the way. The culmination of the
depredations, the verbal violence, the hyperstimulation, did something.
It did something. Something happened. Something broke. Something got
broken again. Or it keeps getting broken and broken. Heaviness now.
Whoever thinks about anyone at the same time someone else is thinking of
them? How could anything approaching that happen at this distance and
through this space? Or else everything that happened happened only in a
certain world with a certain experience of that world or of any world
larger than it. What is happening in the world. What is happening in the
larger world. what does it have to do with what has happened to us. What
has been done to us. what have they done to us. It's caught up with
doing and going. At least after the sense of something have been done to
us. Something has been done to us that would never have happened had we
been face to face. We can be face to face. Come to my face. Before my
face. Look into my face and eyes and what will you see if not the person
you knew you saw the last time you saw me. You saw what was best in me
being what was best to me. You saw me better than I was. Seen better,
seen best, what I have done has been done through me, so that I was an
instrument for you, somewhere in relation to you, wherever you were.
Where are you now. Are you where you are now. If it's hard to say where
we are, doesn't that say something to the difficulty of arriving at the
same moment at the same time? What time is it. The weight of these
words. The weight at one time of knowing I was being watched and all the
effort that went into pretending I wasn't being watched. All the effort
that went into forgetting it. All the effort that went into being
somewhere else than the place where I was being watched. Was it the
being watched or the thought of being watched and the wanting to see.
The wanting to see you and to say to you. All the wanting to say to you
Hello and How are you. It all got mixed up with something else.
Everything else. Everything at least that we can see, which may be
everything and nothing. Overwhelmed with what is it. "That's a goddamn
lie." A voice from outside. This street that I live on. The trains that
roll by. Words and more words and more words. Every word is a form for
waiting. The writing is waiting. Waiting is what is writing. It is just
waiting and waiting and waiting. It isn't even writing. Writing and
waiting. What is in any word without. It's being without. It will not
ring. It will ring. It will not ring. It will ring. It will not ring. It
will ring. It will not ring. It will ring. It will not ring. It will
ring. It will not ring. It will ring. It will not ring. It will ring. it
will not ring. It will ring. It will not ring. It will ring. it will not
ring. It will ring. It will not ring. It will. It will not. It will. It
will not. It will. It will not. It will. It won't. It will. It wont. It
will. It won't. It will. It won't. It will won't. It does. It don;t. It
does. It don;t. It does.. It don't. It will. It won;t. It does. It
don't. It will. It won;t. It does. It don't. It will. It won;t. It does.
It don.t. It will. It won;t. It does. It don;t. It will. It won;t. It
does. It don;t. It will. It won't. It does. It dont. It will. It wont.
It will It wond it does it dont it will it wond tin does it wont it does
it dont it will it wont it does it fone otid
oslsjq;LlslLW;A,L:LWJDO;:L[Pll;;L[P [P003-=IEKAL;l
poefr[03k;l3tpoig[0i4opkj;ldj;ojr'pq[p0ik
p0ikf;lajefp;ojpojgpojgojl;jdojpojgorg0i[
0[r[pwk;LSF;LEJLERJLBLKFNBJGOIJGPO[04I[ 0I4[
0I30-OT-3O4T-OGT[IKGPOJGPOJGPJGPORJGPOSJ;LDMVXMCVAKJOEJF ir
2[r=-o9-OOoj;gjvorgi[-04t49t=04itpjg;;bv/zkg
[3]r2]=30-04iuprjgldjf'peitr-2035=93=-23ir[pkjf;ljgl;kndvlkajrgoijtpu-
[0tu8-4t0upooiuo5ut094t-]20 -94 =9=-304tip4pogwqhgpurg-3r=0
01100=-9ot04ig-p0u
40it[ pekf'[pwekf'gi
4it[ it[qpekf'slkf;lmf;ajepoiq[0it-39r= -pok'KSF;EJGIRGOIRUG94UT094UT-
I3PQOWJRAOJSFLWJEGLDKNLFKNBNCV'AOJF'k
IK'LSJF''f;js;gjpegu0ut-04it;slkf;zmv;sorit-40t8-95=5595-5-504607681=91=0=3=-4ot[ekd;fk;lbl;xojvprjtpo4jtseir[22;alkmfd;wojp4jtlskn;kdv,mvn,xmcbvznfleijfow9utu70293u-1041=429=191=-3t04it905uorhglfknvgkgqapki
p21\-4opr4]1or
wolq
=2-0
0qr]qo32=0=2or
d.+R204=2oe] [2pe10r=-i9r-94tp9orjg'sakef
]mr]=0rq[krrp[ut4uto34hgosihefjr'!2-o0=0230r=[i495upeo;skf'w
02,02or'[wk';wkfo4jpo9jup9ut-[0i8=t20-=3or[wpk;fkeejgpojug'3 [or[2-or[2or[-0itpjggj;sfpwori[2ir=[-o42]w[elf;df';krgpojrpghpuhrjhjgp4it-2r=210=04==0-t95t0-0irgposgj;sldmv;sldmf;ekf[wp3ir[2-3or[qpwle'q;kr;ekffrjgoioihgoei4htouurihroiwhekjsghkshghlskdlskjrj;alwk;ajfkdjfljfksjflsjflskjf;wk;kr';ks;lzmxc.z,mv.x,vm.xnbxnb,xmnvlskjfljfir[qpoe'a;s,d/>cm.zmc.,vnxmbn,.cnvx.mvz./sm?s.d,a/,d;wd'q'qle'qor[p3or[pjktorjglkgjlkfgjldjgtoutiutu45t989485-859385085-249=49=29-048509487-03942=58946094ututjjgoeut098u-294=29=-3ro[ld'a;s;sljgkfnlxcnvljgpoujgtp9ut4t5094t09849uitirtuirutirutirutiopwurporipoerk;lefk;sldkfpwiti9t5-r9=or[apkf;ldfmlgjerjupojgljt95ut04irpkaksdkaro2[elq'lwd;sld;sdls;ld;slpoepweowpoepweopwoepweopweopweowpeopweopwoepeo2e[wep[wpr[wrp[wpr[wpr[wp[s'lfs'd's;d's;d's.d/.fd/fld;lfd;fl;erpeiroeit94i850394-2949585i80eirwie-2o3=-0334039504itortorjfodkfe0ir03ir-2oepwlepwiroejtiorjuirutoeirpwiewqo32[p303=1-03=epw[ek;sldfm;sjdlkjgldigtoirutoirutrutoiurtoierulkgjlsdjflsjflkjfd;lgk;kd;lfkh;fkgc;lb,/.,b/x,v/z.,/z.,/xmv.,xmb.,xmv,?z,/a.da'ld'ald'ald'pwo[epqoe[=-9=-oqw[pas;dka'sdl'alsd.,/z,c/z,c/z,/zx,c/zxczmv.,vmx.bn.,bm.cxmbfd/bhdg,.gWSr'
r;qpr]=pr]=3p]qakfapirpwepsojfpowu2i30-09iq[ieqwripweuioutoitukgjslkfjsllurowirie-294=9203iwekfs;ldmkzx,mv.,mv.nbcxnb.xmv.zmc/z.,d'a;lw'q[owe]-qo2=-2o9r0itp[owgorjglrjgoieurpoeewkrwirrpjgirghurotu49ut348t2-93=5109=4295ri4t9utuitjhoidjglkgjwoutu0uoeijgkirjgoueoirghghljgljgldjgldjlgjdljglkdjgldjgljgldjgldjgerjutptiowir[293=2or[4tf[ephktkh;/t.,/f.n,c/blkd'gow[r9201[qoeq[proir2-94=10=2pe]p=40==4otprit-39t=9=20o[p3or[-i4-3495r=2=03=-or[23or239=29r=23o[peor[pwoit[pk[eo][ewof[fspkei[woe]q=prr3=tp]5p][ol[pg[or[wop3lrr-p=-3or[wpe[prkg;rlgkotthi[ppp-444orpelrf[wpo[2-4ot[wpe[dpkg';;k';h'g;lh'g;?Bn,c/,vb/.b,x/.,b/v,nfglkh;k;lfgx.v/,Sdlf
'e;
wpr]p3=pew';lt[3-495=23or[2p3r[p3oi[0it9toigoirgoirhghknsngljp4iur-04i-2ir29=1=00=9-t95ut0u586u40034=04=2p]wrwitortiporjdgjd;gk;skf'wlr=3-4=3--0ot=49t-50i9utuhutpeitwpitprutoihjkjldkfmxmv;lskfpwot20i3r023r=2-3=]23r][wl'a;kf;sljgdljgogwi[wi04itpujodjhpeotg[i4skf;dk;lxmvxmvldjflkgdfbnc.,bn.x,m.mc.xmv.xmc.,xm.vx,mv.x,mv.x,mv.xmc.mv.x,m.vcmv.,xmv.m.,gm.rmg.mr.gm.tmmh.,m.mh.,ym.jm.y,mj.m.mth.rmh.,mt.jm.r,y.,my.,mt.m.,gm.rtm.,m.,mr.wm.wtm.5,me.,mr.2,me.1,m.q,rmw.,hm.rn,mn.,nm.n,mn.,mn.,mn.,nm.,.mn.,mn.,nm.n,mn.,mn.,,n.,nm,nnmnmnnnm,n,nn.mnm.,nm.,mn,m.,nmnnm.nn,.nn.n,m.n,m.n,mn.nm.,mnm.n,nm,nn.n.,n.nm.nm.,nm.nmn.,nm.n,m.nmn.nm.m,mn,mn,m.,m.,m,m,m,mnmnmn,n,mmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnnnmmnmnmnnmmn,mm,,mmnmmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnnnmnmmnnnnmmnnmnmnnmnmmnnmmnnmnmmnnmnmmnmnmnnmmnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnmmnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnmnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnmnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmnmnmnmnmnnmnmnmnmnmnmnmmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmmnmnmnmnmnmnmnmcnmnmnmnmnmncmnmnmnmncmnmnmncmnmnmnmcnmnmnmcnmnmnmncmnmnmnmcnmcnmcnmnmnmncmnmnmncmnmnmnmnmcnmnmnmncmnmnmncmnmnmnmnmcnmnmnmnmnmcnmnmnmnmnmcnmnmnmncmnmnmnmcnmnmnmncmnnnmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmncnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnc

a couple of nights here and there (perhaps for the better?)

I'm not sure what it is that I have lost, but yet I know that I have
lost something. I think it my be my pride, or possibly my dignity. I
have not done the things that I should have done and I have done all of
the things that I should not have done. I apologise to all of you for
this. It is not necessarily that I have lost something or someone
phisical, but more on a metaphysical level I am missing something which
leaves me incomplete, un-whole, There is a void in my soul that is the
shape of you. When you left you didnot simply take yoursefl but you took
the part of me that was also you. A part of me that I fear cannot be
replaced. I am trying desparately, to replace the missing, to fill the
void but every attempt proves to be in vain. Why did you leave me? Did
you leaveing leave A hole in youorslef that I fit? It would seem that
you have filled the void with which you were left when we were over. But
I am unable to do the same, I have a knife ,I think I will make the hole
bigger! This has been incredably cathartic. Thank you. Bless you. I love
you. TA

stop losing yourself

stop losing me

My Gay Pride

my Solveig

don't you know the story? the the stupid veig waits, the stupid veig
dies. the sol shines and shines, end of story, of and some evol between
them.

why is this box shuddering?

my childhoood home

Thirty years, during which I watched too much TV and didn't write
asingle poem or story

I have lost my way. I do not know where the route back to no where,
which is where I came from is. I look for the sun, and cannot find it. I
have lost control of my surroundings, i feel they control me wholly!

my innocence

i've lost patience with this form
jumping around the screen. how annoying!

my mother from cancer, of the lung, adrenal gland, leg, and brain, after
three days in the hospice

freedom of speech. lost the belief cyberspace is a free country. lost
respect for those whose writing I admired. lost respect for those who
collaborate with those who hate. have not lost the feeling found.
cyberspace is just another american wild west full of squatters building
fences

a memory of what was lost
a memory of whether it had been lost & what
it would mean to have lost it
a memory of what it was like not to have lost
a memory of once recalling these things
a memory of a memory
a receipt for the broken electronic\
\ould no longer work
every second line of the picture of a face
blood
a memory of a memory of a memory
a badly-treated copy of "time regained" by\
the will to adh*re to & recognize truth
a photograph of the place I was before I lost whatever it was that\
some words that were written on the back of a photograph
\of a memory of a memory of a memory
trajectory\the angle of incidence\the angle of reflection\
the nametag of the puppy with the round clear eyes
the name that was on the\
the memory of the name that\\
weight
mass
density
skin\toothenamel\nails(pare)d\moisture\tear\tears\tear\
of a memory of a memory of a memory of a memory of a memory of a memory
the speck of dust I now finger up & drop forever into this box beside me
of a memory of a\
the garden which there was where I once lived
the picture in my [\] of how the colours were
\\& now unplug everything\\
\\remove the fuse from the box\\
\\remove the wire from the fuse\\
what was the question
\of a\
ofa\
of\
what was the question

my genetice and emotional predecessors

I lost something
something that I thought
could not be lost.
I lost loss.
but in place came not joy
in place came not euphoria
not anger
not rage
not the incapability to
comprehend.
in place came nothing
I lost the loss
and it was mine
my own
too late I realize this
I lost my own loss
and it was part of me
never could it be replaced..
no joy

A pair of cargo pants off the line

I lost my pink bycle whilst rollerblading at St Kilda beach

my mind

brain

the luck that once came to me quite so often, so if you are out there
somewhere in
cyber space and are looking for a talented little actor look no further
than me,
Jeremy, you can find me at http://www.dreamwater.com/thejeremy or email
me. Or don't.
I don't really care, I am just writing this as some project for
university. Ah, university.
How enthralling. Actually no, that is what I lost, the excitement in
primary school to be
where I am now, I use to sooo look forward to being able to sit in the
car and have my feet touch the
floor or to be in the tram and bee able to reach the handles up the top,
but now I am rambling so I will
stop, hopefully this went in because no one else' in the class can....HA
to all of you if it doesn't
and this has. BYE

what is it to have lost something when you never had it in the first place

My way.

My way...

an old friend named Ken Oreek

it is loss of hope
and now it is adjusting to loss of hope
and that's why its good that things like hope come in packages of three
I can still use love and faith, but gee, I sure miss hope

The ability to breathe while swallowing.

an idea, no longer useful. (There are always more to take its place).

throwing this out for anyone who would care to see....

whiskers from a fox

it was a thing that had sunk into my fist. i carefully placed it with as
much love and care i could withstand into her ...at the tip...on a
ledge....it had taken time to put it in... time to place ....she had
laid her body in a poolof tepid water ...she was naked ...i was cloaked,
drenched, wet. tehehehehehaheh
it was gone and my fingers were numb........my palm empty...i realised I
only had a handful of lust to share...

Where are you tonight now I need you?

just now...I lost the only person i will ever love. maybe he'll come
back. he didnt understand that i loved him. if he does understand
someday, then i will only have lost tonight... i've lost enough without
this already. there was nothing left to lose, then i had him, and i had
everything to lose. and im so scared that i have lost it. but no tears
fall, my mind is calm. i knew the ending before i began, i just wanted
it to be different. theres still a chance it could be different. slim,
but it was always slim. maybe if i just turn away and give up. but i
wont. i cant. the worst that could happen? i die. that will happen
anyways.so in the end, whichever ending it is, all i have lost is life.
nothing special about that

this project is now completely gone...

I've lost... Hum. Wait. I've lost... Wait...
My memory

my mind

because of trying to understand the movement of the page while i
continue writing
and finding i cannot understand even the smallest vibration of the universe
and watching the smallest vibration
o gods i regret everything! i would return everything!
o gods i regret!

my grandfather gave me an illinois railmaster pocketwatch he used to
take me downtown to chicago on the train

jumping comments, destablilized by uncommuicative hyperactivity; do i
dare to look at my own ckicking, clicking can't even trace the typos the
errors may not be errors for all i can tell...

please work this time, please, i am undone by all the starting and
startled hopping about, destabilized by jumpiness and frustrated by all
of this inability...inarticulateness...stymied by loss...loss lost, poor
poor loss lost

it scraped along thru the streets of london. it scraped along thru the
streetsof nottingham. it scraped along in a brilliant jiggle, squiggle
through the space of wormforms to this page where it serapes along at
trAce into the jumping lines of Lost.

it scraped along thru the streets of london. it scraped along thru the
streetsof nottingham. it scraped along in a brilliant jiggle, squiggle
through the space of wormforms to this page where it scrapes along at
trAce into the jumping lines of Lost.

on my flight, american psycho raged in about ten tv screens w/in my
view, having just read the book. oh yeah i lost my father about 27 years
ago, it took a long time to get over it. now i'm just babbling. so long,
all.

spinning it around my head on a leather string, it was my only piece of
jewelry at age 10. i spun and spun in the back yard and then let go by
mistake --i never found it, though i searched in the hedges all over.
how could it be lost\/ it must be somewhere/ but no, it disappeared into
thin...nothingness. and now whale teeth are not so available, somewhere
my whaletooth is making some earth happy, out of its element in sea and
flesh.

all beautiful jewels in my dreams, and special jewelry i see in my
dreams that i can't design in real life. rings and bracelets and
necklaces...

I lost the ability to have decent dreams as I have to get out of bed to
early thes days!

I lost the ability to dream as I have to get out of bed to early these
days.



          I LOST MY VOICE!

My boyfriend's keys.

I had a camera stolen with 14 tapes of original films - I lost the
postmortmem and the rats and Hannah to name a few.

A button in 1976

i lost a dog

emma

my sense of smell

one of our internet connections -- and it's MOST FRUSTRATING

i want to try and find my dad, his name is alan jones and he is in his
late 30's.
i have never met him and i am trying almost everything to get in comtact
with him.
his mothers name is pearl and he has 7/8 brothers.

a perfect marble

sanity

Harte

alan on *theory@pmcmoo

I lost the will to live but then someone came and gave it back to me and
I now keep hold of it real tight!!!

hopemomentum

my mind, slowly .... through boredom

my mind trying to navigate this....

Many dear friends,
A few lovers,
My ability to express pain,
My sense of reality,
My innocence.

all my foo!

this form won't stay still! I have lost my ability to write!

my confidence.
my art.
my sanity.
myself.

scarf, blue sense, uncle, triple, triple, we're, other
things,descenwe'll catch up

one of our attendees

My sense of sny.

I seem to have of late lost all faith

Jean Hudson. Was my mothers bridesmaid at her wedding 40 years ago. Shea
now wants to travce her we know she got married to a man who worked for BA.

John Haskell, Franconia, NH 197?

I lost all of my fears....I lost myself in the heart of another....and I
hope I never find them again...

I lost my great-aunt's heirloom ring while on a very bad date in the
snow in 1959 at St. Olaf College, Northfield Minnesota

moments spent numb

lost this site altogether -- a dead link on the navigation menu

I lost:
my best friend to her marriage
my iexpectation that life can or should be fair
my lust for life and my sex drive with it
my dream that my life will make some kind of difference in this world
where does one find hope again? can you find sucha thing ? Is it lost or
does hope simply die? I hope not...

what on earth is happening here!

lost the right words

i lost my mind
somewhere along the way
in a park under a tree
next to a squirrel

There was this ring that my father gave me and I lost it on the
playground in 3rd grade. It had a beautiful turquoise stone and sterling
silver bands. I thought it had magical powers.

once, while in paris, i lost my seemingly insatiable appetite for brie
cheese because i contracted the flu, i think, and somehow, looking for
an answer which had escaped,attributed my sickness to overconsumption of
cheese. and then, the essence of experience, gone away with every
picture i took. perhaps its more replacement than void.

i've lost my father. actually i don't know that i have ever found him.
actually, for a while i did. but he's gone. lost in a land of addiction
and depression. he's lost in debt. the hole he has lost himself in is so
deep and dark, i dont think i will ever be able to find him now.

i lost my social security card a few times and many people made me feel
as tho i was not a person because of it. i do not exist? if i lose my
ID, does that mean i lose my identity? not to me but perhaps to thee

lostlost how can i writ writ white. lose loose loss lost write white no
black on white, write black on white, lost is everything in between...

my ability to party...hard.

I lost my cool
Then my sense of humour
Then my whole E-Luciveness

after a party the other night i sent my guests home w/ lots of
leftovers: turkey, hummus, dates and figs, beet and potato salad, sweet
potato aioli, olive bread, rich french cheeses, hard cider, pistachios
already shelled and pistachio paste sweets, rouille, olives of two
kinds, fabulous blueberry gingergread,pear cobbler, pasta and artichoke
salad, feta and pita, and then the next day wondered why i hadn't kep
the stuff. did i lose it or did i give it away. the night before i felt
i was giving it away. the morning after, i felt i'd lost it. but i still
had the voluptous red tulips on the dining room table.

I lost my marbles to the audience who is reading this right now -
p[lease return my marbles!

Childhood. Nikki gave me a big kiss and childhood was over.

the roadmap-- I had to take long way home

I've lost pieces of hope many a times.... hope is such a large part of
me....and sometimes I find them and sometimes I don't

what jumps in my heaad that i have lost...what was the last thing...the
worst thing ever I was an amazing baseball player for years when i was a
little kid and played out field and no matter what i could catch
anything this particular blasck glove...but one day i lost it and then i
completley stopped playing ball.

i lost my sense of drive and motivation to run...for some reason i can
coack people and train them to being running and have done this many
times througout my university years. I think though everytime i teach or
give this gift to them i lose a little bit of it as 4 years later i d on
not feel like running. This sounds weird and strance but it's true and i
feel certain as i have just realized this this past few months perhaps
why i don't have the drive to run.

i lost any sense of what is going on here.

my name which is not a pseudonym. a cloud. a bottle. a camera with a
roll of exposed film inside. the pictures were of many things i have
lost. another cloud. any number of days in the lower east side and
screaming and people next door smacking each other and table legs that
rock and then don't rock. a purple. an ocean. a pocket with something
important in it. a singular voice. a voice. a voice. a voice.

something

my husband's blue pullover in Nancy on holiday 3 bears ago

navigation

my heart, hope..

the project about the new museum of the actual ftench polynesian Art
specially painting

time, time
and ? hear time's winged chariot hurrying near

the electric guitar and amp i bought in high school

i think i left it at college

i graduated 3 years ago

Good web design

What is your problem with the bouncing entry field ?

I lost my innocence, somewhere between wounds. I miss it; it was part of
what let me play.

a thick silver ring with three glass dark red beads set on top of it,
held in place with silver petals so that the beads were free to roll
around. the ring had belonged to my late brother.

Person

I lost the ability to read what's going on here! Is this broken?

my home

my webpages are all gone. real gone. i have copies. but copies are not
the same. i want the world back the way it was please. thank you.

my common sense.
reality.

WEB PAGE HAS CANGED

life as we have known it

I lost my thrill on blueberry hill and nothin' -- no nothin's ever been
the same since.

I have lost my hedgehog

i lost...that deep joy i had for a few months, even through out
september 11 and after...what is it, just daylight savings being over
and the dark so dark and the sky so close and the leaves so gone and the
night so long? or is it too long in the selfsame workplace day after
day, the routine of never channging and never being suffused with joy
joy from the outside, having to manufacture it all from the inside out,
it just can't go on forever without replenishment? my mother lost a
great land deal, she was going to sell the lot next to the house on the
cape but the buyer pulled out after keeping her on the line for 7
months...he got scared cuz of the economy. i feel... like i want to feel
... something ... decisions all too...represssive....atmoshphere in the
workplace... ahhhh...

two dollars

blind hope

My PIN number.

wallet

my fishing line

i lost my innocence and inner tranquility a few years ago

cool

cool

what was once necessary but impossible. now unnecessary, impossible, but
beautiful.

nothing, i think that it is all here

but some may certainly not agree with me

often I do not agree

very often

for example, why would I be here?

i mean this in all sincerity

if you run across anything of mine
please let me know,
thanks

a sense of confidence in life

I lost my wallet in Las Vegas!

I think I lost my old self the other month when I met my new self in the
mirror and we talked about those things, y'know those things that never
got mentioned at the right point in time and shoved to one side, just
like so many important things to do with ourselves and life. What do you
want?

A red woollen hat, on a bus in Hammersmith, in 1985

dog

of all the things I have lost I miss my mind the MOST!

When i was six i found my favourite teddy bear lying on the floor with
its head ipped off. Cotton was lying all over the floor and I screamed.
That's when I lost my trust towards other people...

I lost my va va voom

Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most

I've lost my va va voom too. I realised that yesterday when I found
myself doing homework

I lost my sense of reality, but it knows where to find me...

I lost my sense of reality, but it knows where to find me...

that moment when annette giggles ans says that her zipper is stuck as
she leans back on her couch

lost my ass!

My grandfather in Toontown.

my need to be perfectt

Today I sat down to my computer ti listen to something to take the pain
away. When I sat down, Google was open. I told myself, with sarcasm,
lets see what godd will give me, and I typed gibberish with my eyes
closed. It turned out ";MDdvs" or something like that. I got one result,
and it was this page. I'm not sure why I wrote this, but for some reason
my conscience made me.

Today I sat down to my computer ti listen to something to take the pain
away. When I sat down, Google was open. I told myself, with sarcasm,
lets see what godd will give me, and I typed gibberish with my eyes
closed. It turned out ";MDdvs" or something like that. I got one result,
and it was this page. I'm not sure why I wrote this, but for some reason
my conscience made me.

Today I sat down to my computer ti listen to something to take the pain
away. When I sat down, Google was open. I told myself, with sarcasm,
lets see what godd will give me, and I typed gibberish with my eyes
closed. It turned out ";MDdvs" or something like that. I got one result,
and it was this page. I'm not sure why I wrote this, but for some reason
my conscience made me.

I lost losting it; I guess I found it after all,,

confidence, inhibitions, my first childhood, the habit of expecting
anything, orders, and order too for that matter. my marble. or at least,
i didn't lose that. i just gave it away.

I lost my marbles trying to type this into a moving box.

My eyesight...

MY HALF SIBLINGS, SHAUN, LESLEY AND SHARON(MOTHER PATRICIA BARNETT)
ORIGINALLY FROM SOUTH AFRICA

My son died of cancer )&-16-2002.He was 20 and beloved by many.

tace passion inscribed aroused exhortation aureate discourse vagrant
echoes concent ritual nuance reflection foregrounds desire fragile
precipitate tenuous fragmented certainty one

the blurb & desperate expediency limitless parameters real life
recollection all the authentic perspective of a hired gun
contemplatively misapplied black & white expat style one-line
sufficiency & the title

burnd

my heart(h)

my heart(h)

my way

a dream.. a dream of love for a dream of open joy

a dream.. a dream of love for a dream of open joy

the game of my life

after days of isolation. after days os hesitation. finally.... i found
something to wait for... but i don't really mind what funny thing is. My
mind is blowing...

I lost my mind.

my harmony

orange teddy bear

My mind

I lost my magic.

magic

my
magic

the directionof my life

happiness

faith

my gold ring

my hilltop, now im a firetruck qurrel woven from goats. too sad to look
baad.

my hilltop, now im a firetruck qurrel woven from goats. too sad to look
baad.

i loose

Self

i can't think during the
day. i need to go drink whiskey now.

I've lost my interest in anal sex.

"
http://www.phil-e-slide.com/Lift%20Teams,%20Figure%204,%20Patient-handling%20lost%20workdays1.jpg
"

www.phil-e-slide.com/Lift%20Teams,%20Figure%204,%20Patient-handling%20lost%20workdays1.jpg


www.phil-e-slide.com/Lift Teams, Figure 4, Patient-handling lost
workdays1.jpg

Due to malformed syntax, the request could not be understood by the
server. The client should not repeat the request without modifications.
click here to read the entries

"
http://www.phil-e-slide.com/Lift%20Teams,%20Figure%204,%20Patient-handling%20lost%20workdays1.jpg
"

Due to malformed syntax, the request could not be understood by the
server. The client should not repeat the request without modifications.
click here to read the entries

So, well, it wasnt really me that misplaced it it was unkie. Wow, does
this jump speedy moving stuff only happen in japan? oh, it wasnt his
fault cause he didnt know it was important, but well, his sister in law
is my grand mother, and her father was a writer. His name was something
Johnston and he lived in asbury park new jersey, but I think he died
when she was young. Maybe of tuberculosus. Wow when you write a word
that you are not sure about the spelling of, it is really hard to make
up your mind if it is dancing around everywhere. I guess thats sort of
cool. So he wrote this book and all I remember is that there was a poem
about a man from mars, which is funny, and maybe some pictures, cause I
dont know why, but I feel like maybe I would really like that. cause
well, i mean, it just sounds so weird, and I feel, I mean, dont you ever
think or hope that at some point your grandkids would at some point have
a fleeting interest in what you did. I gues thats sort of dumb. nah, I
just want to know if these weird ideas are like a wire that is stuck
back through a line in the muck, and maybe connect to something electric
and secret. Whee. hmm, I mean, I think I would be able to tell if part
of me that was writing that. Im making all this up right now. I mean,
maybe it would just be a cool thing to have around to impress the
suckers. I remember once I read it. cant really remember, sometimes I
make things up too, like I remember that one morning before first grade
I woke remebering a song and it was about a big wheel turning. I know,
there are a lot of big wheels turning songs, even more songs that are
just about wheels turning, but then I forgot it, and I was upset and but
everytime someone says it might be such and such a song and we listen to
it, Im pretty sure that is not it. Stupid early memories. But I dont
think it is an overly-worrying thing. I mean, worring doesnt bother me
that much sometimes. I mean, it doesnt make me upset, just these weird
small ideas and feelings aare a good challenge to untangle. yeah, really
like a fucked up fishing line is so fucking annoying, but its really fun
when its strait again, but there is nothing fun about a strait line
usually. It is a really weird new feeling you can get sometimes when you
figure it out. So just wish I could find that book cause then I could
have a second opinion. like I feel like he was doing the same thing.
like he had these weird feelings and knew about the weird music too.
maybe one day when they figure out exactly where are the molecules are
going and when they came from and what they bumped inot they will be
able to figure out exactly where everything is and was, and you will
probably be able to make a copy of that book and read it. and anything
else too like music you heard, or maybe ideas you had, and you will
probabably be able to get it on-line too, i hope for free. hmmm. hi
kirsten!

So, well, it wasnt really me that misplaced it it was unkie. Wow, does
this jump speedy moving stuff only happen in japan? oh, it wasnt his
fault cause he didnt know it was important, but well, his sister in law
is my grand mother, and her father was a writer. His name was something
Johnston and he lived in asbury park new jersey, but I think he died
when she was young. Maybe of tuberculosus. Wow when you write a word
that you are not sure about the spelling of, it is really hard to make
up your mind if it is dancing around everywhere. I guess thats sort of
cool. So he wrote this book and all I remember is that there was a poem
about a man from mars, which is funny, and maybe some pictures, cause I
dont know why, but I feel like maybe I would really like that. cause
well, i mean, it just sounds so weird, and I feel, I mean, dont you ever
think or hope that at some point your grandkids would at some point have
a fleeting interest in what you did. I gues thats sort of dumb. nah, I
just want to know if these weird ideas are like a wire that is stuck
back through a line in the muck, and maybe connect to something electric
and secret. Whee. hmm, I mean, I think I would be able to tell if part
of me that was writing that. Im making all this up right now. I mean,
maybe it would just be a cool thing to have around to impress the
suckers. I remember once I read it. cant really remember, sometimes I
make things up too, like I remember that one morning before first grade
I woke remebering a song and it was about a big wheel turning. I know,
there are a lot of big wheels turning songs, even more songs that are
just about wheels turning, but then I forgot it, and I was upset and but
everytime someone says it might be such and such a song and we listen to
it, Im pretty sure that is not it. Stupid early memories. But I dont
think it is an overly-worrying thing. I mean, worring doesnt bother me
that much sometimes. I mean, it doesnt make me upset, just these weird
small ideas and feelings aare a good challenge to untangle. yeah, really
like a fucked up fishing line is so fucking annoying, but its really fun
when its strait again, but there is nothing fun about a strait line
usually. It is a really weird new feeling you can get sometimes when you
figure it out. So just wish I could find that book cause then I could
have a second opinion. like I feel like he was doing the same thing.
like he had these weird feelings and knew about the weird music too.
maybe one day when they figure out exactly where are the molecules are
going and when they came from and what they bumped inot they will be
able to figure out exactly where everything is and was, and you will
probably be able to make a copy of that book and read it. and anything
else too like music you heard, or maybe ideas you had, and you will
probabably be able to get it on-line too, i hope for free. hmmm. hi
kirsten!

So, well, it wasnt really me that misplaced it it was unkie. Wow, does
this jump speedy moving stuff only happen in japan? oh, it wasnt his
fault cause he didnt know it was important, but well, his sister in law
is my grand mother, and her father was a writer. His name was something
Johnston and he lived in asbury park new jersey, but I think he died
when she was young. Maybe of tuberculosus. Wow when you write a word
that you are not sure about the spelling of, it is really hard to make
up your mind if it is dancing around everywhere. I guess thats sort of
cool. So he wrote this book and all I remember is that there was a poem
about a man from mars, which is funny, and maybe some pictures, cause I
dont know why, but I feel like maybe I would really like that. cause
well, i mean, it just sounds so weird, and I feel, I mean, dont you ever
think or hope that at some point your grandkids would at some point have
a fleeting interest in what you did. I gues thats sort of dumb. nah, I
just want to know if these weird ideas are like a wire that is stuck
back through a line in the muck, and maybe connect to something electric
and secret. Whee. hmm, I mean, I think I would be able to tell if part
of me that was writing that. Im making all this up right now. I mean,
maybe it would just be a cool thing to have around to impress the
suckers. I remember once I read it. cant really remember, sometimes I
make things up too, like I remember that one morning before first grade
I woke remebering a song and it was about a big wheel turning. I know,
there are a lot of big wheels turning songs, even more songs that are
just about wheels turning, but then I forgot it, and I was upset and but
everytime someone says it might be such and such a song and we listen to
it, Im pretty sure that is not it. Stupid early memories. But I dont
think it is an overly-worrying thing. I mean, worring doesnt bother me
that much sometimes. I mean, it doesnt make me upset, just these weird
small ideas and feelings aare a good challenge to untangle. yeah, really
like a fucked up fishing line is so fucking annoying, but its really fun
when its strait again, but there is nothing fun about a strait line
usually. It is a really weird new feeling you can get sometimes when you
figure it out. So just wish I could find that book cause then I could
have a second opinion. like I feel like he was doing the same thing.
like he had these weird feelings and knew about the weird music too.
maybe one day when they figure out exactly where are the molecules are
going and when they came from and what they bumped inot they will be
able to figure out exactly where everything is and was, and you will
probably be able to make a copy of that book and read it. and anything
else too like music you heard, or maybe ideas you had, and you will
probabably be able to get it on-line too, i hope for free. hmmm. hi
kirsten!

There is nothing I haven't lost or will lose. No time to say goodbye.
Only one wave following another, always.

There's nothing I haven't lost or won't lose. No time to say goodbye.
Only one wave following another.

my flesh, frame and innards
water, iron & blood
and a combination of visceral functions

toothbrush

you



I lost a poem about pink jelly. It was by someone else, actually I think
it was by his sister. Or rather his sister generated it on a computer.
But I really liked that poem and now it?s gone from me.

















































































































































































































































>

The Frequencies

The Frequencies

My mum just E-mailed me saying that our cat, Hobbs,has gone missing.
It's really sad, I'm so far away from home, and I feel pretty useless.
She a cool cat. She's been sleeping on my bed ever since I left. Damn, I
hope she comes back.

my keys, several times in a few days. It was alright though because God
found them for me.

my keys, several times in a few days. It was alright though because God
found them for me.

A good few hours since I last checked

A good few hours since I last checked

my family and the feeling of belonging and security

A good few hours since I last checked

two hours since i last checked my watch

??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????


????????????????my pussy
??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????


somthing i never had

my place

Missing wife

a classmate at 17

a 17 year old classmate

my twenties

I lost my twenties

Password

My virginity

ngingaerpgnperogjperogjnvgarpgjaerpoagjapovd

a poodle

my cat

my cat, my dog, my self, my frog

My friends

My friends

my soccer boots, my own time, freedom, a girl i had a crush on in 1989,
my subbuteo table soccer sets, my love for Arsenal FC, my creativity, my
good friends, my job, my money, my business partner, my skeptism, whatever

el amor

my mind

Kaya, Judith

i lost my sun glasses

rosell luis miranda.... the pilot guy

my dad




My mind

My mind

nokia 3310 on virgin was stolen from enfield grmmar school

my pen

my pen

A guy

i lost myself!

i lost myself

my home

my memory

my shoe

the point of this page

my cat

my imagination.i cant seem to find it whenever i need it the most.
please help me.

my imagination.i cant seem to find it whenever i need it the most.
please help me.

my gold ring

gold ring

I lost my first boyfriendirn. but when i finally found him again it was
okay: I didn't want him any more.

my self dulgence

my self outdulgence

Send in the Clowns from A Little Night Music ................ Sondheim

Send in the Clowns from A Little Night Music ................ Sondheim

Send in the Clowns from A Little Night Music ................ Sondheim

time

My innocence from spam

innocence

harpsichord

my harpsichord

it appears one person is as pathetic as the next and that we are really
all in this together and no one need feel sorry for anything lost at all
since it is neither unusual or specific to you in the first place

my cats, Petey, Fritz and Snappy

my cats Petey Fritz and Snappy

all my faculties

all my faculties ;and the way to get found St Aton de Padou



my mind

i wish to trace an old will and testament how do i go about it

hvhgv

los vdeos, que nos hicimos este verano en mi casa con la webcam, se han
perdido. los guard en un cd con la regrabadora y he ido hoy a mirarlos para
escoger uno y ver si lo editaba y mandaba a un festival de net.art (con
tu permiso)
y se han esfumado total estoy tan enfadada. bueno, an me quedan tus
cantos . . .

One CarneAsada Burrito.

a laptop containing my life's work on its hard disk (but I had a back-up)

my laptop containing my life's work on its hard disk (but I had a back up)

my wallet in El Segundo

my wallet in El Segundo

I ha e E mail to view and can't find it now ella mae fenn 506 506

I lost the attention of the people here.

i lost one of the only things i cant control, my heart, i lost it in
such a way that i feel i may never be able to use it again.

silence and my glasses

Lost Tanya Farmery - e mail adrdess

Help
Smikes and trace

My uncle, last friday, to a heart attack.

i wrote the message about losing my heart well i found it again by
myself. dont let losing things ruin your life xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

My mind about 2 years ago

i lost my baby one month ago today

my keys

my comfort in looking forward

i lost my heart but i'm desperately want it back, so i can think about
giving it to someone else

i lost my herat, but i'm desperately trying to find it again so i can
think about giving it to someone else

shoes

Ive lost someone and although he's gone I can't help thinking that he's
always going to be here. The grief of his lost is still so raw and yet
it's slowly giving way to the memories of the good times that we all
shared with him.

a feeling of hope that we will be able to keep this world going, that
all will be able to live freely and without prejudice. Hope it will come
back

i got what i wanted but lost everything i had

I got what i wanted but lost everything i had.

I got what i wanted but lost everything i had.

IAN HUTCHINSON

a sense of balance in my life

FEE

well, i'm here again to report something i lost. i lost my love for him.
lost it all. and why is that? only because he's lost himself. there

i don't know

brother

brother

my long distance e-mail correspondence with a close friend lost the
intriguing sexual tension that kept me interested. 3 years later and we
still write, but it's no fun. i want that mystery and i'll never get it
back.

my temper and my old cell phone

my sense of judgement with men.

5 minutes of my time.

i lost my baby three months ago today

Seven children in a garden

i've lost half the jane's addiction back catalogue and 'needle in the
groove' by jeff noon. you know how these things go. there's a boy, and
there's a connection, and he's at mine and i lend him things. then,
somehow, nothing ends up happening between us, he forgets to return
them, then i disappear off without ever saying goodbye.
i hope he enjoyed them, y'know.

The ability to love.

my sanity

My mind using this site

expedition

expedition

my mind and my soks, leavge it

i lost my yellow blank when i was laying on the front lawn of my
parent's house in Park Estates in Long BEach California when i was about
9, which was 1987. It was the blanket i'd had since i was a kid, and i
left it out on the lawn along with a radio then it went missing.

I lost five lonely dollars and the cigarettes they were to become.

my sunglasses and my virginity

I lost my sunglasses

my sunglasses

you

FELIX WOOD MILTON

three children

seven hundred pounds, three kids and a shitty boyfriend all at the same
time

zxczczczczc

my mojo

I lost my mojo.

im lost

I lost my best friend

my best friend

a way to become one

the will to be who i always said i would, an to live how i always wanted
to.

a sock belived missing in action.
description; white, size 5, smelly.

my mobile phone in norwich,
gutted.

my virginity

marbles

I lost the ability to live

Ive lost my late Grandmothers wedding ring. Well, some fecker stole it
last night after I'd left it on a table at home. Im an idiot. I don't
know wether to admit this to the rest of my family or not 'cos it will
really upset them. Im an idiot. I always lose everything. If you ever
meet me, don't trust me.

my bartman action figure

my bartman action figure

my bartman action figure

My mind.

my sense of perspective

focus

my heart

i lost my mind

i have almost lost the only man i have ever loved, rob im sorry for
being stupid i love you so much please give me another chance. marie xxx

My innocence

luca

emanuele, and whoever will come next, i'm sure, that's the price we all
pay for those moments of happiness

calm

my calm

my patient with this project

and found

my diary

my eyes are losing site.

my eyes are losing site.

that i will not tell!

my name

A dried white rose that my director gave me on the opening night of my
first college play.

Who I was, but I think I might refer to it as a trade.

Who I am, but that's how life goes.

Who I could have been, bebecause I lost who I was and who I am, but yet
again that's a trade for what I might be.

Asi es la vita, no?

Who I was, but I think I might refer to it as a trade.

Who I am, but that's how life goes.

Who I could have been, bebecause I lost who I was and who I am, but yet
again that's a trade for what I might be.

Asi es la vita, no?

/Who I was, but I think I might refer to it as a trade.

Who I am, but that's how life goes.

Who I could have been, bebecause I lost who I was and who I am, but yet
again that's a trade for what I might be.

Asi es la vita, no? /

Who I was, but I think I might refer to it as a trade.

Who I am, but that's how life goes.

Who I could have been, bebecause I lost who I was and who I am, but yet
again that's a trade for what I might be.

Asi es la vita, no?

my virginity to a man i didnt know. im 14 years old was 13 then he was
18 and Ecuadorian and hella sexy i must say that i do believe in love at
first fuck. i love that man no matter what my counselor says. now he
hasnt written and im rotting in america its been 98 days (been counting)
i dont know what to do my heart is broken and i have syphilis. i love
him i love him i love him. wanna know his name its
miguel angel murillo
pretty huh?
hes so beautiful
we all want something beautiful
man, i wish i was beautiful
i dont have an email
wish i did he asked for it
maybe he would have emailed me
less trouble
chelsea brown
p.o. box 158
Lewiston,Ca 96052
(this is the address i gave my angel)

i lost my ability to trust ,lost my ability to have fiath in true
genuine friendships

i lost my ability to trust ,lost my ability to have fiath in true
genuine friendships

i lost my ability to trust ,lost my ability to have fiath in true
genuine friendships

my dreams

Not a lot yet, which makes it all the more frightening to live.

all rationale mind usage. All gone like the gonest chick as she sashays
by my hiding place. insanity reigns (rains) and we are gum / what do you
do before eating chicken on a wednesday? What was your name before the
sun cannonballed into the pool of your scorched eyes? lemon

all rationale mind usage. All gone like the gonest chick as she sashays
by my hiding place. insanity reigns (rains) and we are gum / what do you
do before eating chicken on a wednesday? What was your name before the
sun cannonballed into the pool of your scorched eyes? lemon

First it was names, i'd file them away but when I went to pull them out
again they floated away with the moths; then it was faces--you remember
me, they prompted--but I didn't; the name no longer on the tip of my
tonge; then it was places-- half-recalled; joined with scenic fragments
that merged into an abstract landscape; then it was the face that looked
at me through the looking glass--I think I knew them once.

First it was names, i'd file them away but when I went to pull them out
again they floated away with the moths; then it was faces--you remember
me, they prompted--but I didn't; the name no longer on the tip of my
tonge; then it was places-- half-recalled; joined with scenic fragments
that merged into an abstract landscape; then it was the face that looked
at me through the looking glass--I think I knew them once.

First it was names, i'd file them away but when I went to pull them out
again they floated away with the moths; then it was faces--you remember
me, they prompted--but I didn't; the name no longer on the tip of my
tonge; then it was places-- half-recalled; joined with scenic fragments
that merged into an abstract landscape; then it was the face that looked
at me through the looking glass--I think I knew them once.

First it was names, i'd file them away but when I went to pull them out
again they floated away with the moths; then it was faces--you remember
me, they prompted--but I didn't; the name no longer on the tip of my
tonge; then it was places-- half-recalled; joined with scenic fragments
that merged into an abstract landscape; then it was the face that looked
at me through the looking glass--I think I knew them once.

a pair of gloves, on the train from liverpool to West Kirby, when I was
ten. They were brand new. I can't remember what they looked like. My mum
was mad at me, but not for long.

I have lost the person I once was. A year ago in a whelter of panic and
pills he disappeared and I havent seen him since. I miss him. I
preferred the person he was to his replacement. Maybe one day he will
return. I hope it is soon

I have lost the person I once was. A year ago in a whelter of panic and
pills he disappeared and I havent seen him since. I miss him. I
preferred the person he was to his replacement. Maybe one day he will
return. I hope it is soon

I have lost the person I once was. A year ago in a whelter of panic and
pills he disappeared and I havent seen him since. I miss him. I
preferred the person he was to his replacement. Maybe one day he will
return. I hope it is soon

I have lost the person I once was. A year ago in a whelter of panic and
pills he disappeared and I havent seen him since. I miss him. I
preferred the person he was to his replacement. Maybe one day he will
return. I hope it is soon

I have lost the person I once was. A year ago in a whelter of panic and
pills he disappeared and I havent seen him since. I miss him. I
preferred the person he was to his replacement. Maybe one day he will
return. I hope it is soon

I have lost the person I once was. A year ago in a whelter of panic and
pills he disappeared and I havent seen him since. I miss him. I
preferred the person he was to his replacement. Maybe one day he will
return. I hope it is soon

I've lost my babies - they grew up!

I have lost the thing which I considered most important. Only to find
that everything else is more important. I no longer want it back.

my temper

my sisters of mercy zippo in san francisco:(

An old dog called Quintus. YEs, I know, stupid name

I lost a very dear friend, I am a friend writing this for her. But it so
difficult to express how she feels about it. A llshe remembers is coming
home and hearing my Granfdmothers version, and my Aunts, and my
neighbours and ny freinds. All their vwersions of how it happened. All
she wanted to hear her version. She who was dead and lost to her
forever. Then I ask her, what happened to your frined and she said, 'she
was burnt alive by her husband' and I said 'Oh' and didn't know what
else I could say but at the same time, I flet as if I was being burnt in
the centre of my own heart, even though I had never met this person
before, what happened to her, hurt me in one small and insignificant
second. Abd then my friend said 'But I understood real loss when I saw
my friends mothers deraged wandering the streets for justice. Where
justice was blind. And women don't count

I lost my temper at this bloody thing shaking whilst i wa strying to
write in it and its not funny if you're not good at spelling like I am.
So I would seriously re-think this as it would be nice to go on and tell
you what I lost before i lost my temper...

sunglasses in the swan, my sense of outrage, my chance to befriend
megan, my place in the page, the 5 best years of my life with a girl
unworthy of love, my Paul Kelly CD (I think I was actually stoeln, not
lost)

naivete

why does this of all dialogue boxes shake? why why why....its so
annoying. I lost my beautiful baby son.....I was not really given any
choice as to what I wanted to do. I was made to feel that I should give
him over to adoption. It was the greatest loss. I never went on to have
any more children as the trauma had affected me so much that I couldnt
face the idea of childbirth agin. I just wish that people had' asked me
what I really wanted. I wish they had really HELPED me. I was led like a
lamb to the slaughter.

why does this of all dialogue boxes shake? why why why....its so
annoying. I lost my beautiful baby son.....I was not really given any
choice as to what I wanted to do. I was made to feel that I should give
him over to adoption. It was the greatest loss. I never went on to have
any more children as the trauma had affected me so much that I couldnt
face the idea of childbirth agin. I just wish that people had' asked me
what I really wanted. I wish they had really HELPED me. I was led like a
lamb to the slaughter.

why does this of all dialogue boxes shake? why why why....its so
annoying. I lost my beautiful baby son.....I was not really given any
choice as to what I wanted to do. I was made to feel that I should give
him over to adoption. It was the greatest loss. I never went on to have
any more children as the trauma had affected me so much that I couldnt
face the idea of childbirth agin. I just wish that people had' asked me
what I really wanted. I wish they had really HELPED me. I was led like a
lamb to the slaughter.

Eric

eric

my trust. the woman i loved most proved dishonest and ungrateful

My dog Lily, to old age. I held her in my arms and I think she had a
good passing. But I do miss her.

i lost the freshness of my thoughts, then i lost belief in my thoughts
and now i have lost control over my thoughts

i lost the freshness of my thoughts, then i lost belief in my thoughts
and now i have lost control over my thoughts

myself, ah well a trembling self, better a shaking self, a se se sk sls
f slsslefof sasrcking self

My grandmother's rhinestone brooch.

My grandmother's rhinestone brooch.

inside the vacuum i was sucked
hurting through unending space
unable to identify myown outer limits
my own inner sphere
i lost that
sense
of
i
became
it
this
thing
stretched in time
but time
was wrong however you look at it

inside the vacuum i was sucked
hurting through unending space
unable to identify myown outer limits
my own inner sphere
i lost that
sense
of
i
became
it
this
thing
stretched in time
but time
was wrong however you look at it

the habit

