
(For a Tamil computer magazine 1999)



Falling in Love Online


Here you are, happily married, with two children. Your husband has a great
job and you're a little bit bored and so you join some Internet communi-
ties, just to relax. You find yourself chatting away about some recent
novels you've read, and you complain that your husband really doesn't have
much time to read, and isn't all that interested anyway.

Before long, someone starts talking to you; Sagdish tells you that he,
too, reads a lot of novels, but he lives alone and has no one talk to, and
he likes poetry as well. You begin chatting with him more than with anyone
else - before this, you had flitted from conversation to conversation, but
now you find yourself drawn in.

You log in late at night, and every time you do this, your heart skips a
beat, hoping Sagdish will be there, and he usually is. You start talking a
bit more intimately with him - about the fact that you can't really relate
to your husband's business, and you feel lonely every so often, and he
says that he feels lonely too.

One night your husband comes in and finds you typing away at the computer
and he asks, what are you doing? You answer, nothing, just talking to some
people, and for the first time you find yourself hiding something from
your husband - that something is Sagdish. You realize you've crossed a
line somewhere, but you don't feel it's all that serious - after all, it's
only the Internet, and there's nothing to lose or gain - it's just a game,
and Sagdish helps take your loneliness away.

You decide to be more careful when your husband's around - you don't
really want him to question you any more about this. And you look more and
more towards those chats with Sagdish, who is becoming part of your life.
You find yourself exchanging email with him, and you wait nervously every
day for his email and the chats. You begin dreaming about him.

One day he asks what you look like, and you describe yourself, but you
don't have a picture online. He persists, and you say you'll send him one,
an extra one that you just happen to have. You mail it to him when your
husband's not around, and Sagdish puts his picture on the Net, and you go
and look at him, and your dreams begin taking more and more shape.

You find yourself telling Sagdish everything, things you have never told
your husband - things you could never tell him. You find yourself doing
this quickly; all this activity has lasted only a month, and even though
you're usually shy, you're quite aggressive with him. You confess that sex
with your husband hasn't been all that good, and Sagdish asks you the
details.

Somewhere around this time, another line is crossed; you begin writing
sexually to each more, more explicitly than you ever thought possible. You
become more and more nervous around your husband and children, who guess
that something is wrong, and don't know what to do about it. You insist to
yourself that everything is a game, but you won't talk about it to your
family, and you begin to feel isolated in the house.

Your husband confronts you angrily, and demands that you tell him what is
going on. You mention only that you have this friend Sagdish, who helps
take away your loneliness when your husband is at work, and your husband
demands that you stop writing and talking with him online. At first you go
along with this, and don't contact Sagdish for a couple of days. And then
you go back, as usual, almost as if you're addicted to a drug.

Your husband gets angrier and angrier with you, and you don't know what to
do. You write about all of this with Sagdish, who begs to telephone you
and talk about it directly.

One day, Sagdish calls, and you find yourself in love with his voice, and
you talk for over an hour. He calls any number of times after this, always
when your husband is out and another line is crossed. You believe that
Sagdish is the only person who understands you, even though you have never
met him in person. Sagdish fills your dreams and your life. 

One day your husband walks in during the day, and you are on the phone.
There is a huge fight, and he walks out, and moves to an apartment in the
vicinity. You are alone with the children, and a few days later, you meet
Sagdish for the first time, in real life.

...

And this point, any number of things can happen. You can leave your hus-
band and begin an affair with Sagdish. You can find that Sagdish is
everything you ever hoped for, and that you are deeply in love with him.
Or you can find out that you have been kidding yourself, that Sagdish is
really a stranger, that you have made a huge mistake - at which point you
may try to regain your husband.

...

All of these are real possibilities. Although the press often talks about
people lying to each other on the Internet, very often they are telling
the truth as best they can. I know a number of couples who have come toge-
ther after meeting online, and I know a number of marriages which have
also been broken up. I also know people who feel they have made real mis-
takes with their online relationships. There are no easy answers to any of
this.

The only thing we can be sure of, is that the Internet has changed
people's perception of the world and their relationships in general. Many
people marry into their local community, and in a way these marriages are
dictated by geography. The Internet eliminates this, and some people find
themselves having more in common with "strangers" hundreds of miles away.

Let's say you're interested in birds - you watch them constantly, have a
lot of bird books, and can't share any of this with your husband. But on-
line you meet someone with the same passions that you have; who is to say
that the new person would not have been "better" for you in the first
place? Your husband is someone you've married because his family lives
nearby - and beyond that, after a few years, you find you have nothing in
common. But this new person and you share so many things together!

...

What can you do in situations like these? There are no easy answers, but
here is some advice I can give you -

First, BE CAREFUL! You can't be absolutely sure that the person you are
corresponding or chatting with is really who he or she says they are. If
you are going to meet him, try and do it in a public place. Don't give out
your home address or phone number at first; play it slow. Certainly, don't
enter into any business or other financial deals with him - that's a sure
sign something is wrong.

Second, LOOK UP whatever information you can find on the Net. If he says
he teaches at a university, check out the faculty on the University web-
site. Sometimes you won't be able to find a thing - sometimes you'll get a
LOT of information.

Third, you have to recognize that ON THE NET, THINGS MOVE FAST - and maybe
too fast. You could very easily get caught up in the romance of it all -
you have to remember you're projecting a lot, and that you haven't really
met him in real life. 

Fourth, you'll find that people always say things like "Sagdish under-
stands me so well, it's incredible! We speak as one! No one has ever
understood me as well as he does!" This is very common - and it's a result
of the kinds of communication that occur online. People will tell their
innermost secrets to others over the Net, because it's safe - and it's not
so safe in real life! So they begin to feel that they have something spec-
ial in common with the person online - which may not be true at all.

And fifth, and MOST IMPORTANT - realize that what you are doing, right
from the beginning IS NOT A GAME. You can get hurt, your family or your
partner can get hurt. People kid themselves about online relationships -
over and over again I've heard things like "It really doesn't matter -
it's just the computer." But it's not - it's real life, and Net relation-
ships are real relationships, just like Net sex is real sex, and Net
friends are real friends. We are all much more vulnerable than we think,
and then Net makes it easy to let down our guard, as if we're just having
fun. It may then be too late - instead of fun, you may find yourself with
a new partner, or with a broken family.

Finally, DON'T DO ANYTHING STUPID! Don't agree to meet for sex the first
time; don't agree to go on a long trip with him; and try and take it a bit
easy. I know this is almost impossible - your feelings are going out of
control, and they're all over the place - but this state won't last
forever and you can find yourself in a real mess at the end of it. If the
relationship is worth pursuing, it's worth slowing up for, and enjoying it
- if it's nothing but a headlong rush, beware!

...

These bits of advice come from my experience online - I've had correspon-
dence with a number of people who have been in Internet relationships, and
who have either been successful in them, or troubled. The longer I'm on-
line, the more I feel that Internet community is real community, with real
consequences - that people can be caring for each other online, as well as
in the offline world. And people can also be as devious and nasty -
people's personalities generally don't change all that much online, in
spite of what you might have heard. There are people who are conned down
the street from me, in New York, just as there are people who are conned
online.

Finally, I want to say, of course, that the story above applies to both
men and women; the gender really doesn't matter. I've heard it dozens of
times; it almost always plays out the same way, until the very end. People
are quite lonely in real life, especially in the cities, where they are
often removed from traditional family ties, and the Internet presents the
possibility for new ties of all sorts. I've seen people incredibly happy
with their Internet relationships (even some people who say they will
NEVER meet their partner in real life - they don't want to!), and people
just the opposite. 

And everyone generally feels their story is completely unique!


- Alan Sondheim

(Byline: Alan Sondheim has worked and developed a number of Internet com-
munities; he publishes and lectures widely on Internet issues. He may be
reached at sondheim@panix.com, and lives in New York City.)
