

impurity


inviolate storm
inveterate  /
imperative /

it was somewhere among these: the text that was to come - this is on the
edge of it - it's on the tip of my tongue - it never arrived - it's out
there -

calling forth the text - it should have appeared, "put in an appearance" -
i remember it was particularly short - terse - aphoristic -

there was a sentence or two - located among those words - something i
simply "can't remember" - i'm leaving you this - leaving the remnant -
leaving it behind (never mind that i won't forget it - that it will remain
with me - that it might yet "put in that appearance")

everything is full of doubt but something/someone is required for its
expression -

inconceivable ?
indefinite ?
insipid short work - doesn't gnaw in the slightest ? (thought of this in
fact, something so bland as to be nonexistent)
invisible ?

it was there, bland, insipid, something to fill a space, almost present -
no, fully present, too sweet, stomach slightly queasy, easy "on the way
down"

it should have been more - should have said something you'd remember -
should have been up to "the usual standards" -

those "in-" "im-" insertions -

impeccable ?
innocuous ?
impurity ?


_


Poetics in Internet Text

grep poetics *?? > z; grep Poetics *?? >> z; ftp panix3.panix.com; sed
's/^...//g' z > zz; h >> zz; pico zz

crossing of words, language and its poetics, is an undertow, vectoried 
Like John Giorno with his doubled-up pasty columns of reiterated poetics,
tions, states, processes, places, flows, and not all the poetics in the
The elaborate metaphor I'm working with is more than poetics. It's unfair
tain poetics at work that it's too easy to relate to haiku, mystery -
I don't comprehend haiku; I do comprehend zen poetics. I don't comprehend
think of incomprehensible audiences; think of the poetics of speech
of the poetics of technology and the bypass of the circulatory systems of
shrapnel beyond experimental poetics.
in the world, that a call of twentieth-century poetics has been towards
I've also been thinking through definitions of "poetics," not in the trad-
What follows is an attempt at definition of a different poetics - which I
"I think of poetics as looking at relationships among forms, phenomenolo-
This is a far cry from the politics of poetics, from the poetics of liter-
of poetics, how does number play the world? How does the speaking of num-
logics? And one might also ask, within poetics, about the relation of mu-
it is not the renaissance emblem or shaped poetics or signature. Instead, 
escape-flight to poetics writing; on one hand, the interstice between
#poetics
*** nikuko ([uPhvu9XkS@panix3.panix.com) has joined channel #poetics
*** Users on #poetics: nikuko @DrFloyd
*** #poetics 984337197
* nikuko as turning out such debris 12:06AM #poetics (+nt)
[0-0:GScNxAlFMPhR] 12:08AM nikuko (+is) #poetics (+nt)     Lag 5 - E/X
windows ce, poetics journal 10, the quest for sumer, world atlas 
:osophy. Communication here exists within post-structural poetics; what
:wild interpretation, and a poetics of the body that is at variance
:particularly based on a montage/poetics style largely dominated by
:with its exhausted poetics, becomes a last resort, the conjunction
:ing. I get suspicious of poetics which always seems to invoke Charles or 
:_formal_ definition of truth, and on the other, there is a poetics of
:Clark was on about arrangement, syzygy, Olson's field poetics, distribu- 
:net, just like poetics of a sort - a tablature or sonnet, and a field or
:poetics, theory of all sorts, narratives as well - so that it becomes, 
Pardon me for interrupting, but are you the Alan Sondheim on the Poetics
I wrote of broken symmetry, in the midst of a discussion
Jennifer - hh Jennifer Poetics - jl Jennifer Texts - ee Jennifer Texts -
Poetics. Rarely, texts are sent to other lists as well, including nettime
Poetics (End of Saying Texts)
dreams are made of; there was much discussion of the Poetics list, and
Yours, Poetics
In fumbling about the Poetics list, making a decision not to send my wri-
the world is in the world. The Poetics list rarely considers hypertext or
sic to the body, to speech, to the history of being-human. Poetics in this
the Voice, Giorgio Agamben, The End of the Poem, Studies in Poetics.)
:Poetics - jy
:This is from Clark Coolidge speaking in Talking Poetics from Naropa Ins- 


:::::


hunters from another *


it was * ot summer afternoon * hbeautiful * and my i were lying * wife and
g in bed * were lyine were * and wking out * loof the window, there were *
oers just outside * clean, they were looking * at us, and we thought *
inthought to ourselves, * we were * we d and so aroused * naketed to be *
we wand, we were * arouseroused and always * always ath each other, we
were looking * naked wind they were looking * out a as if they were *
inking through * looking through the wall, * looand we cried * cried out,
STOP US * weM MAKING CATEGORIZATIONS * FROUS TO THE TRUTH OF YOUR * HOLD
ENSE PERCEPTION * INTT US OPEN * SPLITH YOUR THINKING THOUGHTS * my
beautiful wife * ilooking at their * and d stares * harook at their *
lbling hands * tremlegs * and and we thought and cried out to them * N US
UP TO EVERYTHING YOU ARE THINKING * OPEMPALE US ON YOUR RIGID *
IESIGNATIONS * Dand we turned over * again and looked * and over k at
them, * bacbeautiful wife and i * my lways naked in that * were aght
bright window and we * briooked again, they were * ly hunters, soul *
bodnters from another * huse, from another trembling * univer like our
own, * placefferent, they were * but dirn with clothing, * bobegged them *
we * lookk * loook * lo, they were * hunting in another * sperm- universe,
we begged them * parallelke us with you * ta didn't hear * theybeyond the
glass, it was * trial, my beautiful wife * itg was ad i, we were * an
whores, we were * theiropenings * their them home * to get, we cried out
TAKE OUR LANGUAGE * , WE CAN * WITH YOULONGER * NO K, OUR BODIES *
THINTING, OUR MINDS * ARE BURS AND EMBERS * ARE HOLES * they turned * ay
they turned * awus, they twisted * towards ned, they brought us * and tur
of us * outthem, ALL * into EGORIZATIONS * CATWERE LOST * HAT PLACE * IN
TON THAT BED * WITH THOSE * OOKING * EYES L LOOOK LOOKING * LOOK HARD AT
US * SOSO DEEP INTO US * we are coming * you, coming * for ll for you * as
we, we are * king those * masounds, that cry * hhhhhh * ahe heard * you
havturn away * when you when you leave your beautiful wife * ne in your
dreams * aloove towards us * and mr forgetting us * neveever forgetting *
nything anything * anall * at SO SO DEEP INTO * O SO VERY DEEP * US
Snderstand this * you u my beautiful * withand i that * wife afternoon *
hot t hot bed * on thathose eyes * with us * bringing inging us on * brand
down * and down * THEY WERE THOUGHT-CAPTURERS * ANOTHER GALAXY * FROM EY
WERE SPERM- * THS FROM ANOTHER UNIVERSE * HUNTERthey heated * air from *
the s one * thied it * they heatt one * from thathey camne * e into * they
camn came into * theyinto us * us hhhhhhh * ah aaaaaaahhhhh * ah
hahhhhhhhh * ah * just like * just like that * that *


 *


the little prayer

deerlorder wherethous maybe
toyouwhom iask pleaseonthis longjourney idotake
willyoulet all myfriends tocomealong 
willyouall behere (address to myfriends) when
idotravel when idodrive downdowntil 
nomorecan igo when atsouther theniwill
deerlorder antler gracethou skyward & bethere
foryou & serveyoualway whenyou youreturn


+++



Susan Graham at Height of Western Fame *


Great Judge of Stampede Princess Queen: American President. 
        He will sit in front bleacher. Do not bother him.
 
Grand Marshall of Stampede: Susan Graham
        Fireworks at Dusk

Personality Section 60% 

 - personality - middle in class          kill all susan graham
 - overall appearance - class middle      kill all susan graham
 - overall ability - middle in class      kill all susan graham
 - desirability - top of class            kill all susan graham
 - attitude - overall top in class        kill all susan graham
 - public speaking - noted top in class   kill all susan graham
 - congeniality - middle                  kill all susan graham

Horsemanship Section 40% 

kill all horses                             - western - top in class 
kill all horses                             - trail class - top in class
kill all horses                             - western equitation - middle
kill all horses                             - stock pushing - top in class
kill all horses                             - staves - top in class
kill all horses                             - barrels - low in class
kill all horses                             - serpentine - top in class
kill all horses                             - rodeo exam - middle

                    Stampede Queen 2001     kill all hangman males
                       Susan Graham         kill all hangman males

Stampede Princess 2001     kill all hangman males
     Susan Graham          kill all hangman males

Susan has won twice for first time in history of competition.


* From actual events at July End 2001.

_


weaving


oh going through x-treme hysteria
it's the result of

packing up 
 a game the bones play w/ me

 how it goes: i take drugs as much as possible
 to get through the violence of this move

  (to miami but it could be anywhere)


   then i turn to a few things of accompaniment, azure for one,
   then there are the machines (in miami but they could be anywhere)


   they're more than familiar, they're family
   they don't fight with me and don't make me feel guilty
   they remember everything
   they carry everything and they're willing to share it


   they allow me to read and see and hear anything i want, anything they
   have, they're generous that way

   they're gentle, too, placing their memories on disk after disk,
   carrying themselves on long past the endurance of the hardware, of
   machine part adjacent to machine part, electronic conduit adjacent to
   sluice gate, irrigation channels of programs and files


   they remember me, they always greet me in a loving and similar fashion,
   they turn themselves through protocols and articulations no matter
   where they are on this fine earth

   miami is an enemy and harsh and already i a mistrustful
   but the machines will save me, the machines will show me everything i
   have done, everything they have accomplished, all our potentials
   together

   the machines are communities and communalities, they're gentle with me,
   they know what i am capable of, certainly they know my limitations 

      they are always waiting, they are never sleeping, they are
      potentials of pure presence, presencing itself

      they are existence, existencing 

      they will fight off the suicidal depressions of miami, they will
      give me momentary respite, they will allow me to share this with
      you, to share everything with you

      they know me better than anyone except azure, they even like me

      they like me better than anyone in miami, who remain foreign and
      unknown to me, i must always be on my guard in miami, i must never
      let myself go

      but with the machines, with the machines, everything is possible

      with the machines, with my beautiful wife and the machines, i will
      perhaps survive, although slightly

      although in possible fury and depression
      although in possible anger and despair


	  i an being allowed to write this, i have checked this with the
	  laptop and the notebook and azure, i have checked this as well
	  with the desktop, all are in agreement


	  &&&



Look: it was this way (no matter how it reads):


At one point, Susan Graham, my beautiful wife, and myself, were under the
care * can; it was a decision we had reached after pouring through his
theoretical * of Lan order to come to grips with our own psychoses. For
Susan had * works iesire, greater than any other, to in fact succumb to
the temptation * a diversal sight of the other, without whom she had no
possibility of existence - and I, * of the unned her in this endeavor,
involving the presence of the camera, if not the mirror, window, or public
venue, for our * I joiing. Lacan too was entranced+ by our displays; it
was after Susan that the Subject itself achieved the possibility of a name
* lovebove or below the bar, a name that would live constantly, only in
relation to mathesis of the most metaphoric sort. In this manner * working
constantly on the presence of the third, the therapeutic; in this manner,
our desire for exhibition * we entered the world of idealityensured in a
new and unknown form. Later, our holes would stand in, metonymically, for
those gaps in * was other that construed our own consciousness; for now,
they provided the last source * thof pleasure for the doctor and his
entourage. Our voyage ended in this manner; Lacan owned our holes,++ and
with them, * p+++ semblance of the other in his midst. *

+captivated? aroused? obsessed?
++the gap in the text, in the manner of foreclosing the speech of the 
analysand
+++pleasure, any other


_


zoo, minima moralia


zoo functioning as an inverse concentration camp - the animals are ideally
reproduced in their conservation ur-environments; they ideally reproduce
in such environments; they are protected against the external violence of
humans. but they are displayed, not in terms of relation, for the audience
we watched and rewatched, but as individual isolates, spectacles; all con-
nections were permanently broken, and the violence - especially of the
children - was evident, as if it repeatedly struck the incarcerated
bodies. the earth sends minor populations into condensation; we harvest
and transfigure our destruction of habitat. but the obscene remains and
intensifies - the violence carries no message but that of momentary stasis
as animals cower as far from glass or mesh as possible - or else pose
obsequiously in the hope of junk food engorgement.

in the camp which is the zoo we watch our triumph over the demise of the
planet; we watch the idiocy of our triumph; we watch the spectacle of
destroyed cultures of any species not our own. in the camp which is the
zoo we attempt the resurrection of the end of life; one can watch with
horror at the gaping human mouths and screams staring at the last few
members of one or another species; in the camp which is the zoo, we find
the technological triumphant over each and every last bit of tortured
flesh on earth. everything is identified, tagged, labeled; the spectators
would like, as one said, nothing better than a taste of flesh killed as
fast as possible, offered up for a last hideous meal.

coda

to reproduce until a plateau of stability is realized, but for what end;  
the human monsters want nothing more than their share of the game. lock
the zoos; keep out of national parks and forests; return wildlife refuges
to whatever environment is left. the zoo might flourish without that
gaping audience; some sort of semblance of life might finally be returned
to one or another abandoned spot of earth. better yet - to cleanse the
world of humans who created this disaster in the first place, transforming
the planet into one great concentration camp of final and irrevocable
extinction.


+++



unix, the fortune, the truth, despair, longing, noise:


To      : Postmaster@mail1.twcny.rr.com
Cc      :
Attchmnt: 1. [Message] (1.7KB) ""
Subject : Mail System Error - Returned Mail (fwd)
----- Message Text -----
Getting a huge number of viruses from the address here - please check -
it's really spewing out. Address:  saloi001@twcny.rr.com
Alan Sondheim, sondheim@panix.com
           [Closing "sent-mail". Keeping 0 messages and removing 6.]
Pine finished -- Closed folder "INBOX". Kept all 2 messages.
And as we stand on the edge of darkness
Let our chant fill the void
That others may know

        In the land of the night
        The ship of the sun
        Is drawn by
        The grateful dead.

                -- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC. Fri Aug 3
00:33:07 EDT 2001 The Moon is Waxing Gibbous (99% of Full) k1% b You have
no new mail. 1 b 2 b 3 pico zz Fri Aug 3 00:25:20 EDT 2001 Fri Aug 3
00:34:56 EDT 2001
it's really spewing out.
Date: Fri, 3 Aug 2001 00:26:03 -0400
To: sondheim@panix.com
because their mailbox size limit would have been exceeded. It has
been returned and it is recommended that you contact the recipient
Note: The Postmaster for this mail server may increase the mailbox
of additional mail.


-


Dante's Inferno short, bitter

a book to take with me in that dark wood
appearance once during april's rainy wound
as if it mattered to reinforce the mood

of lucan's bleak ascent to lead the way
down through the trodden paths of zen to find
other means of circles, bridges, mind

beyond the good wound in the moody wood
beyond the found way left behind


-


holding


in perfect humility walk in the way of the lord, you are nothing, your
soul needs salvation, there is no salvation, you sin constantly, you must
forget sinning, you must forget wealth, accept poverty

you will suffer and your suffering will be good, you can be absolved in
the last moments, you will bring other beings to fruition, you will enter
heavens and more heavens, your cycles will be complete, you will be uni-
ted, you will recognize the absurdity of existence, you will be exalted

give up the ways of the world, sexuality is a curse, women are a curse,
you will be constantly deceived, you must constantly meditate, be silent,
tend towards salvation in everything you do, be kind to all animals, take
up not the sword nor the spear, you must fly with the arrow, not the bow,
your flesh is sinful

listen until there is no listening, speak until there is no speech, seek a
master, give yourself totally to him, the learnings cannot be achieved
without him, impart nothing, say nothing, remain with him, serve him to-
tally, turn your face towards the wall, remember the sufferings of others

follow the precepts of thy neighbor, leave the red dust of the world,
unite with the lord in all his manifestations, seek holiness through plea-
sure, seeking the holy drives the holy away, listen to the parables and
precepts, obey the precepts, do not question them, speak only when spoken
to, eat in silence with the others, think proper thoughts with your body
turned to the wall

follow regular hours, seek the lord in everything you do, give yourself up
to the way, follow the way with drunkenness and laughter, let pine nuts be
thy only food, have compassion for all living things, seek without seeking
and find without finding, know the truth when thou hast left it behind,
find the truth in everything you do

know that where you are is where you have always been and where you will
always be, do not steal or be jealous of others in the brotherhood, seek
no office, follow all rites of purification, clean the mirror with thy
breath, recognize there is no mirror, no breath, clean the mirror with thy
breath, lie on beds of straw, walk with shoes of straw, follow in the
footsteps of the master

be patient beyond patience, be obedient beyond obedience, give thy last
farthing and thou shalt be rewarded in the reaches of heaven, expect noth-
ing in return, recognize thou wilt return to the dust from which thou hast
come, know the world is full of pain and misery, do not contribute to that
misery, pray for the salvation of all beings, recognize the spirit in
everything you do and in all ways and being of the world

look for the wise in everything you do, abjure the ways of the vain and
the foolish, find a likely spot for meditation, avoid gambling and consor-
ting with women, remain on the path without any expectation, see the good
in everyone and everything, recognize the vanity of this world which is
only an illusion, seek the future in the past, honor thy parents from
which thou came, recognize the reality of all things and their denial

know that negation is nought, that assertion is nought, that companion-
ship is nought, seek only that which may be found within thyself, look
into the shell of the skull, the annihilation of the body, find ecstasy in
everything you do, tame the passion within you, purify thy hands and face
after eating and bathing, hold no false associations, always look beyond,
recognize what is beyond is always present, know that all is present
already within you, look before you, pray constantly, meditate at all 
times

watch where you walk, walk in the ways of the master, walk in the ways of
holiness, never sleep on a bad conscience, look always towards paradise,
expect nothing and gain everything, expect everything and gain nothing,
guard thyself against vanity, recognize that sexual passion is the culprit
of the age, perceive that nothing has meaning, that everything is 
no-thing, that no-thing is everything and nothing, attend to thy breathing 
out and breathing in

deceive no one, see movement in stasis, stasis in movement, know the smal-
lest is also the largest, hold the universe in thy hand, recognize there
is no size, no universe, recognize the dual and the one, hold the one in
the other, and the other in the one, know that from the one, two emerge,
from the two, emerge all others, recognize the others within you, recog-
nize you within all others, hold penance for the ways of the world, make 
thyself like iron or steel for the good of all beings

take the middle way, take the way of one extreme to the other, seek the
pivot within, hold to the central point, seek yourself through yourself,
remain calm in paradox, eat only prescribed foods, live in the purity of
proper nourishment, understand the transparency of birth and death, always
prepare for death, never prepare for death, live in thy tomb and thy
grave, know that wandering is also an attachment, speak only when spoken
to, write only when requested, become a scribe for the world, recognize
thou art a world for a scribe, look nowhere else, look nowhere, seek thy-
self in women, seek thyself in men, comprehend perfect unity, understand
unity is illusion, men and women are illusion, scripture is illusion,
attachment and silence are illusion

neither fear death nor love life


_


man fold

15      man fold
16      fold -s -w 64 < zz > ww; pico ww is a curse, women are a curse,
17      hbe constantly deceived, you must constantly meditate, be silent,
18      fold -s -w 72 < zz > ww; pico ww do, be kind to all animals, take
19      nl ww > yyor the spear, you must fly with the arrow, not the bow,
20      rm ww; pico yy
21      sed 's/^    //g' yy > ww
22      pico wwere is no listening, speak until there is no speech, seek a
23      rm yy wwrself totally to him, the learnings cannot be achieved
24      pico zzpart nothing, say nothing, remain with him, serve him to-
25      new zz; cat ma zz > ding; mv ding ma; rm zz; mufferings of others
26      b
27      ls precepts of thy neighbor, leave the red dust of the world,
28      rm zz.bakrd in all his manifestations, seek holiness through plea-
29      less mahe holy drives the holy away, listen to the parables and
30      b obey the precepts, do not question them, speak only when spoken
k32% ht in silence with the others, think proper thoughts with your body
16      fold -s -w 64 < zz > ww; pico ww
17      h
18      fold -s -w 72 < zz > ww; pico wwverything you do, give yourself up
19      nl ww > yy the way with drunkenness and laughter, let pine nuts be
20      rm ww; pico yympassion for all living things, seek without seeking
21      sed 's/^    //g' yy > ww


+


think strongly alan, be strong, forget(all voices in thinehead)
everything, hold no grudges, walk the true and straight path,listen to no
one, do not listen to any inner voice, ignore all things, forget(all
voices in thinehead) everything you have thought about, work the writing
you have always worked, be true to the straight and narrow, listen to the
descent of the words, type this in utter darkness, type this in the dark
night of the soul, worry not about theory or abstraction, think nothing of
protocol and etiquette, worry not abot spellings and misspellings,
consider nothing from friend or enemy, be not suspiciouis or accepting,
never look back, never look forward, never look outward, never look
inward, do not look and allshall be open, do not look and allshall be
closed, hoold fast, hold faster thanthou hast ever held before, do not
listen to the voicesin thine head, to not concern thyself (voices in thine
head) with the affect and fate of others, remember the vector of the
street and trail, remember nothing, remember everything, do not organize
what cannot be but of the world, take the world into thine heart, put
thyself (voices in thine head) forward into the guise and company of
others, forget(all voices in thinehead) thy name and allthy numbers of
identification, lose thyself (voices in thine head) not in others, gain
nothing, lose noting, take what one can from the prsence, forget(all
voices in thinehead)the prsence, hearnothing, forget(all voices in
thinehead) thesewords, do nothing, turninward, turn nowhere, circle around
no center, look for no center and no noose, take nonewith you and leave
none behind, look towardsthe sky and the earth, close the arth and sky
like enormous plates upon the tender fabric ofthine soul, be strongerthan
thou hast eve been, do not worry of little understanding, do not concern
thyself (voices in thine head) of no compreehensins forget(all voices in
thinehead) allunderstandings which are not understandings, forget(all
voices in thinehead) all comprehensions which are not comprhenesions,
remember thine limits, forget(all voices in thinehead) thine limits and
inhabit them, remember to be the strongest thou hast ever been, meander
never nowhere and in no guise, remember of li


_


Txt: quipmnt list for miami mov, organizd according to
oulipo: absnc of th lttr "" - a brilliant stratgic styl
or modl for carful study:

rsourcs:
 500 books
 50 cds
 300 cdroms
  inc. my own work: vido, audio, txt, graphics, onlin works
instrumnts:
 artly piccolo
 di giorgio classical guitar, 1949
 cortly classical guitar, 1970s
 shakuhachi, fukuoka, 1940
 shamisn, fukuoka
 fndr cyclon lctric guitar
  marshall amp, fx box
vido camras:
 sony hi8 v5000
  filtrs including fog, infrard
 sony tr81 hi8
 canon zr10 minidv
digital camras:
 casio q10a
 nikon 800
film camras:
 minox b
  tripod, binocular attachmnt
 nikon f
  assortd flashs, lnss, filtrs
computrs:
 phnom pockt computr (win-c 2.1)
 psion 3a pda
 dll 3800 laptop st for prformanc, graphics (win m)
 mac powrbook g3 st for vido, graphics, burning (mac 9.1)
   300 mg ram 6 gig harddriv
 compaq 5204 330 mhz dsktop st for vido, graphics, burning 
    (win98, phatlinux)
   240 mg ram 20 gig harddriv
   blkin analog to vido 
  sony 200s multiscan monitor
  canon bjc2110 printr
  zipdriv
  spakrs, cabls
audio:
 sony minidisk rcordr
 2 sony profssional casstt rcordrs
 assortd microphons, arphons, cabls
burnrs:
 qufir cdrom burnr for mac
 hp 8210 cdrom burnr for pc
radio:
 national procd 2800 analog shortwav
 sony 2010 digital shortwav
 g suprradio long distanc am radio
  antnnas for th abov
calculators tc.:
 ti59 oldr lctronic calculator
 casio japans-nglish translator
 hp scintific calculator
 japans abacus
cllphon tp2200 qualcomm for sprint pcs
bushnll 10x binoculars

possibl:

axil 245 unix station (solaris 7)
 kyboard, cabls, optical mous
jvc hr-vp676u vido casstt rcordr
spncr optical microscop with oil immrsion objctiv
 slids, tc.

to b purchasd:

mpror pnguin linux (rdhat) laptop
vido monitor
dsktop workstation for vido


_


Reseteoereaeteieoene eoefe eleoesete e"e"ese:e

Texete:e eqeueiepemenete eleiesete efeoere emeieaemeie emeoeve,e
eoeregeaeneiezede eaececeoeredeienege eteoe oeueleiepeoe:e eaebesenece
eoefe etehe eletetere e"e"e e-e eae ebereieleleieaenete esetereaetegeiece
eseteyele oere emeoedele efeoere eceaerefeuele eseteuedeye:e

reseoeuerecese:e
 e5e0e0e ebeoeoekese
 e5e0e ecedese
 e3e0e0e ecedereoemese
 e eienece.e emeye eoewene eweoereke:e eveiedeoe,e eaeuedeieoe,e etexete,e
 egereaepeheiecese,e eoeneleiene eweoerekese ienesetereuemenetese:e
 eaereteleye epeiececeoeleoe
 edeie egeieoeregeieoe eceleaeseseieceaele egeueieteaere,e e1e9e4e9e
 eceoereteleye eceleaeseseieceaele egeueieteaere,e e1e9e7e0ese
 eseheaekeueheaeceheie,e efeuekeueoekeae,e e1e9e4e0e
 eseheaemeiesene,e efeuekeueoekeae
 efenedere eceyeceleoene elecetereiece egeueieteaere
 e emeaereseheaelele eaemepe,e efexe ebeoexe
veiedeoe eceaemereaese:e
 eseoeneye eheie8e eve5e0e0e0e
 e efeieleterese eieneceleuedeienege efeoege,e eienefereaerede
 eseoeneye etere8e1e eheie8e
 eceaeneoene ezere1e0e emeieneiedeve
deiegeieteaele eceaemereaese:e
 eceaeseieoe eqe1e0eae
 eneiekeoene e8e0e0e
feieleme eceaemereaese:e
 emeieneoexe ebe
 e etereiepeoede,e ebeieneoeceueleaere eaeteteaecehemenete
 eneiekeoene efe
 e eaeseseoeretede efeleaesehese,e elenesese,e efeieleterese
ceoemepeueterese:e
 epeheneoeme epeoecekete eceoemepeuetere e(eweiene-ece e2e.e1e)e
 epeseieoene e3eae epedeae
 edelele e3e8e0e0e eleaepeteoepe esete efeoere eperefeoeremeaenece,e
  egereaepeheiecese e(eweiene eme)e
 emeaece epeoewerebeoeoeke ege3e esete efeoere eveiedeoe,e
  egereaepeheiecese,e ebeuereneienege e(emeaece e9e.e1e)e
 e e e3e0e0e emege ereaeme e6e egeiege eheaerededereieve
 eceoemepeaeqe e5e2e0e4e e3e3e0e emeheze edeseketeoepe esete efeoere
  eveiedeoe,e egereaepeheiecese,e ebeuereneienege e
 e e e e(eweiene9e8e,e epeheaeteleieneuexe)e
 e e e2e4e0e emege ereaeme e2e0e egeiege eheaerededereieve
 e e ebelekeiene eaeneaeleoege eteoe eveiedeoe e
 e eseoeneye e2e0e0ese emeueleteieseceaene emeoeneieteoere
 e eceaeneoene ebejece2e1e1e0e epereienetere
 e ezeiepedereieve
 e esepeaekerese,e eceaebelese
aeuedeieoe:e
 eseoeneye emeieneiedeieseke ereceoeredere
 e2e eseoeneye epereoefeseseieoeneaele eceaesesetete ereceoerederese
 eaeseseoeretede emeiecereoepeheoenese,e eaerepeheoenese,e eceaebelese
beuerenerese:e
 eqeuefeiere ecedereoeme ebeuerenere efeoere emeaece
 ehepe e8e2e1e0e ecedereoeme ebeuerenere efeoere epece
reaedeieoe:e
 eneaeteieoeneaele epereoecede e2e8e0e0e eaeneaeleoege eseheoereteweaeve
 eseoeneye e2e0e1e0e edeiegeieteaele eseheoereteweaeve
 ege eseueperereaedeieoe eleoenege edeieseteaenece eaeme ereaedeieoe
 e eaeneteneneaese efeoere etehe eaebeoeve
ceaeleceueleaeteoerese etece.e:e
 eteie5e9e eoeledere elecetereoeneiece eceaeleceueleaeteoere
 eceaeseieoe ejeaepeaenese-enegeleiesehe etereaeneseleaeteoere
 ehepe eseceieneteiefeiece eceaeleceueleaeteoere
 ejeaepeaenese eaebeaeceuese
celelepeheoene etepe2e2e0e0e eqeueaeleceoememe efeoere esepereienete epecese
beuesehenelele e1e0exe ebeieneoeceueleaerese

peoeseseiebele:e

aexeiele e2e4e5e eueneiexe eseteaeteieoene e(eseoeleaereiese e7e)e
 ekeyebeoeaerede,e eceaebelese,e eoepeteieceaele emeoeuese jevece
ehere-evepe6e7e6eue eveiedeoe eceaesesetete ereceoeredere sepenecere
eoepeteieceaele emeiecereoeseceoepe eweietehe eoeiele eiememereseieoene
 eoebejeceteieve
 eseleiedese,e etece.e

teoe ebe epeuereceheaesede:e

mepereoere epenegeueiene eleieneuexe e(eredeheaete)e eleaepeteoepe
veiedeoe emeoeneieteoere
deseketeoepe eweoerekeseteaeteieoene efeoere eveiedeoe


_e


Funny Jokes


Alan  Sondheim>> ok here's a stupid joke. what did one pickle
     say to the other when they were in danger?
Alan  Sondheim>> you've got me in a pickle.
Alan  Sondheim>> ok, here's a stupid joke. what did one spark
     say to the other spark?
Alan  Sondheim>> that was electrifying.
Alan  Sondheim>> ok here's a stupid joke. what did one pencil
     say to the other pencil after they committed a heinous crime?
Alan  Sondheim>> you've got me in the pen.
Alan  Sondheim>> ok, here's a stupid joke. what did one window
     say to the other after an explanation of deconstruction?
Alan  Sondheim>> i bet you think that was really clear.
Alan  Sondheim>> ok, here's a stupid joke. what did one plate say
     to the other after being picked up for espionage?
Alan  Sondheim>> hold me before i spill the beans.
Alan  Sondheim>> ok, here's a stupid joke. what did one cup say
     to the other after a bunch of stupid jokes?
Alan  Sondheim>> hold me before i spill another bunch of stupid
     jokes.


_


:shd leving


:shd be wondering about the structures of the future, in spite of teleolo-
gies and projections of one or another lowly creature, pulling everything
together instead of watching the weather, trying to hold to the greater or
larger work, finding insted turned back or jerked into one or another
compromising position, shouldn't need the phisician for valium or codeine
or sense of relief, i know my limitations, what i mean isn't belief, but
the standpoint of leaving, bereaving, trying to make the final statement,
what my work is beyond the smashed rhetoric, my life beyond the hectic,
collapsed at the foot of the monumental


:shd be writing a general phenomenology of leaving & disruption, instead
searching out the resulting corruption, looking towards bereaving from the
other face in the approach to the other place, shd be thinking helo good-
bi, factoring in the desire to cry, i.e. wanna cry, flooded by irretriev-
able clutter, the skeain of relationships tends towards sputter, :tiling
and memory filter with demonstrable parameters:examples in preview and
results later :memory and tiling filter with demonstrable parameters:


towards ghosts folowing me everywher as skeins reassemble themselves bar-
ren or bare, as if bones alone carried history, alway the same story,
chaos hurtled toward the car at highspeed, following the economic traject-
ory of need, down the lip of the country, it's barrier at the edge of the
planet and everything on it, groping towards the deconstruction of rela-
tion at the borderline nation or operation culling wat remanes of the
"grater or leser work" or "skeain" "compromsing" or "collapsed at the foot
of the memorial"


_


of the book


i cannot write the book i desire; i think constantly - this text is an 
introduction. there is nothing beyond the introduction.

the introduction is fecund, replete, with the details of the world 
between heat birth and cold death; the introduction inhales universal 
annihilation. there is no proper way to express this.

the books i would write break down upon their enunciation. 

the announcement of the book is the book; the announcement effaces 
itself in the exhaustion of continuous production. i hold 
therapeutically, psychoanalytically, to this production; it becomes a 
life-form, prehensile; it reaches towards the book; its tentacles begin 
to wrap themselves around each and every trope; metaphors becomes 
obstacles and worlds; the production exhales in its own denouement.

only in fear do i look forward to this production which spells my 
failure,this inability to continue, this waywardness, contrariness. 

it reaches through me, comes through me; how could i not believe in 
ghosts, avatars, cyborgs, prostheses, emananations? i write as if their 
very existence depended on it. repeatedly: i write myself into 
existence; i write myself out of it. but the existence is tinged with 
labor throughout - it is the laboring of an existence fragile and 
wavering literally beyond belief. 

if i could only make a statement and hold to it; if i could only connect 
a series of statements, almost as if they were axioms "as if to say." it 
is my strength and weakness that such connections are governed by 
laughter, and the statements themselves, by misery. i am one of the few 
who constantly see through myself. i know about failure from within, the 
rapidity of existence, the inability to seize time for an instant. the 
darkness is overwhelming: it is the darkness of the first and last, and 
only in the midst of chaotic neutrality is the semblance of being 
manifest.

holding to the book: holding memory in place throughout the vicissitudes 
of life. a continuous series of failed projects tends asymptotically 
towards truths that otherwise remain submerged; as it is, they are 
external to symbolic foreclosure, forms of meanderings more at one with 
dark matter than luminous and momentary gravity.

i could never tell you where the statement might be; what might be the 
equivalence of the book; what might be its destination or distribution; 
who might read what could be interpreted as a tropology of illness. i 
could never tell you the statement, or "make it" in any sense, nor is 
there a concept which holds fast, the "one good idea" that each of us is 
supposedly destined to express. it is the "nor" that grips me, the 
"neither this nor that," the "not both this and that," the dissuasions 
of propositional logics and their fundamental modes - the 
superimpositions of gestural logics and their organic gestures towards 
the frisson and trembling of being in relation.

if only i could write of the rush of letters, the stream of meanings, 
shape-riding semantics in the depths of the night! if only utterance 
were at home within me, if there were set themes ready to be expressed, 
clouds and darkened flows "just" about to turn or return to the 
symbolic. instead the dance is always around - and it is a dance - a 
fire elsewhere,beings i could almost see in the dim light, theoretical 
constructs about to emerge out of a communality i witness, but never 
partake in. even the play of the world escapes me; i search for books 
within it; i search for the finality of the word, deconstructing at a 
rush, fevered with disbelief, exhausted with being. what is "out there" 
is never a "what," never "out there"; what is out there is insufficient.

biography, autobiography, flattens and disenchant, transforming theory 
and abstraction to the incidental. scaffolding becomes anecdote and 
complexity is reduced to the despair of a sleepless night. the book that 
calls me forth is otherwise, effacing in the midst of the call, denying 
in its insistency. 

it asserts the "it" "itself," creating presence in absence, ontology in 
the midst of chaos. it is the engine or process born of desire; it has 
no otherwise existence. i fight constantly to ensure that its contents 
and index reflect something beyond that, that desire does not become 
circumstance, that circumstance does not turn thought of the world into 
diary. no life is "worth living" and not in the book which calls me. 

the book is an addiction.

the book is an inescapable addiction, raging, regulated, in the absence 
of drugs, called forth in clarity, self-inscribing. not worth living, 
but a medium of the world, circumstantial mediation or re/mediation in 
denial. 

this denial, rhetoric, flight, are characteristic of that philosophy of 
dedication inhabiting me like an illness; they are symptoms of the book; 
they fumble within me; they lock themselves within me; they hold my mind 
in its insufficiency. they are my promise of redemption. 

i deconstruct the possessive, calling on methodologies i recognize as 
already used, carrying their own stain, their own historic shame. 
thinking must always cast aside the stigma; thinking must never replace 
it with the taint of purity. this is what i have been promised, speaking 
to others through myself: these are the words of the book.

never written, this too a cauterization of a wound refusing to heal.

i cannot write the book "i desire" - that is my failure, not that of the 
book. even the sentence is a sentencing; what is left to say falls to 
pieces. indeed, there is nothing beyond the introductions. 

like any other illness, a compulsion to write, to rectify, to bring down 
the house, to absolve rectification, to slant.

to comprehend illness as a symptom, the momentary apparition of being.

"i desire," "my desire." the writing of submergence. the writing of the 
remnant, remains. the writing of being-submerged, submerged writing.

the book, my book, the book.


===



Emergency


This just came over the email list for our block (two houses a few down 
from us - not ours) - Alan (for real)
==================================

Subject: Janet and Micheal! Clydes house is on fire...


PLease come home now. The Fire dept. had to crash in to your home, but I
don't think the fire has spread. We will all keep an eye out until you
get home.

prov

==================================
Tue Aug  7 20:30:40 EDT 2001


___


titanium neon


because it is inert, because it refuses writing;
because it constitutes a sheen difficult or impossible to inscribe;
because it draws forth the desire of memory to hold fast;
because it is drawn forth of memory held fast;

precisely because of its weight and vacuity, it remains impossible in its 
relation to organism, and it is this impossibility that seduces.

whatever is uttered is already in relation to density and absence; the 
stranger is ignored in the city; archaic graphemes remain indecipherable 
until the passing of certain thresholds.

"it" helps through my helplessness, this naming of two elements.


_


searching for service

can you keep your cell phone in its cradle after charging?
should the cradle be unplugged?
what happens if you misdial and make a new friend?
do your messages stutter and cut out upon completion?
do you know someone who can never reach you?
would you roam for a dollar a minute? two dollars?
does roving permit your access to remote mountains and valleys?
can you meet your new friends online?
does the message whisper to you with your new-found voice?
do you have an inner voice which represents your cell phone?
tell me about niceness, cell phone.
are there cell phone happy moments when online and environment mix?
are you in your world? is anyone?
would you come into my world if i came into yours?
do you think in whispers with your cell phone online?
do you receive web messages that excite you with their tone?
can you understand our frustration in reaching you?
where are you in the midst of digital silences?
do the silences ever become absolute cutting off all communication?
can the communication be retrieved? does it depart forever?
are you threatened by your vulnerability everywhere?
do you carry your cell phone on? do you carry it off?
do you speak to yourself one phone to another?
are you your voice? your enunciation? your enunciated?
do you feel you are always spoken for when you use your cell phone?
have you ever tracked someone, city to city, street to street?
have you ever tracked someone, body to body, mind to mind?
is your cell phone your tongue, your lips, your most private voice?
is your cell phone your arms, your legs, your most public voice?
do you hear voices when your cell phone is off?
do you speak in broken phrases? are they your own?
do you own your voice, your speech, your cell phone?
can a cell phone be owned? can the network? can your words?
tell me about obsession, cell phone.
would you speak on cell phone, what you would not speak in person?
is a cell phone a person? is it on your person? are you on its person?
would you speak on cell phone, what you would not say from home?
is your home your silent speech? is your home silent?
are your lovers in your home? are your lovers on your cell phone?
are your lovers in your cell phone? are your lovers with you?
is your cell phone a distraction or the central point of your existence?
is your existence epistemologically a cellular circulation?
does your cell phone contribute to this circulation?
are you a node in the circulation of communality and communication?
are you in your silences?
are you in your disruptions of speech and phenomena?
tell me about being and process, cell phone.
do you carry your being with you? do you speed-dial being?
of what would it be within this world, to have been spoken-for with
the speech of which you are the custom, the circulation within which
you are the culture, the cell phone, of which you are the harbinger
of new humans caught within the construction of creativity and
annihilation?
tell me about the world.

roaming charges apply.


_ 


not enough crops


listen you, i am an ignorant tip of your world's economy; listen you, my
skin rips, it is so very soft; listen you, there is no room for kindness;
i go towards my doom in rusted cities; i swallow my doom in violent seas;
there are no fish; there's nothing anywhere; brother, brother, do not save
me; sister, sister, you are my sister no longer; i go emptied into
catastrophe; i beg you, kill me; i beg you, kill me, kill again; i walk on
the charred ruins of families; i see the future like none other; this is
the future:

:listen you, i am the ignorant tip of this world's economy; listen you,
there is no other; i am invaded by the market; my skin is cloned; my skin
is for sale; you buy my eyes; you buy my heart working under this harsh
sun; this heat will kill all living things; mother, mother, you are dead
to me; mother, mother, you have cut off my arms, my legs; mother, mother,
you have sold my eyes;

:listen you, i am the ignorant tip of the world's economy; i burn under
this harsh sun; i dream of lives worsened by famine, plague, the
destruction of war; there is no stopping me; i am stopped everywhere;
listen you, i cannot read; listen you, i cannot read what you are writing;
listen you, are you writing me; listen you, my head is a nub, a sensitive
aerial; i move because i am ordered to; i will carry a gun and kill many
people; this is my promise to this violent planet; father, father, i am
burning; father, father, i will take you out; ::everyone is done with
everyone else

in the family-way there is no future
everyone is done with everyone else
kill for money
nothing but money
i am guilty of all asservation          



_


stupid Alan Sondheim sucks idiot moron asshole


Your search - "Alan Sondheim sucks" - did not match any documents. 

Suggestions:

     Make sure all words are spelled correctly.
     Try different keywords.
     Try more general keywords.


TheEastVillage.com Alan Sondheim I am an idiot... In the future... I am
the picture... Audio of these poems by Alan Sondheim Poetry Index,
www.fauxpress.com/t8/sondheim/a.htm - 2k - Cached - Similar pages

TheEastVillage.com Alan Sondheim I AM AN IDIOT AND DETESTABLE TO THE
EXTREME MY PERVERSIONS KNOW NO BOUNDS AND EITHER DOES MY IGNORANCE I HAVE
DREAMS OF MEGALOMANIA AND AM ...
     www.fauxpress.com/t8/sondheim/p1.htm - 3k - Cached - Similar pages 
     [ More results from www.fauxpress.com ] 

<nettime> play/s ... play/s; From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix.com>;
Date: Fri ...  JENNIFER, NIKUKO, JULU, AND ALAN PROLOGUE BY BUKHARIN ...
the heroes of the "Idiot" and other Dostoyevsky ...  
amsterdam.nettime.org/Lists-Archives/nettime-l-9910/msg00080.html - 18k -
Cached - Similar pages

Allen Ginsberg (1926-1997) ... if you did so and so, you sorry idiot? No
merit. So don't be sad ...  I'm sitting here now, just having read Alan
Sondheim's post. I feel really weird. Is ...  
wings.buffalo.edu/epc/documents/obits/ginsberg.html - 43k - Cached -
Similar pages

Nettime Thread Index (200104) ... Is Mark Dery an Absolute Idiot? Read
this and find out ...  Announcements [x12], Announcer; <nettime> Alan
Sondheim-conference, Kenji Siratori; <nettime ...  
www.nettime.org/nettime.w3archive/200104/threads.html - 28k - Cached -
Similar pages

spark>> misc.(ing)>> ... Alyosha Karamazov, the heroesof the "Idiot" and
other Dostoyevsky characters, who ... spark-online 4.0. Copyright ) 1999
Alan Sondheim All Rights Reserved. ...  
www.spark-online.com/december99/miscing/sondheim.htm - 39k - Cached -
Similar pages

WandP Issue 17: THE THROES OF ADDICTION ... My dad was a math idiot, but
now he is... ". "My mother's got all these ... Alan Sondheim
(sondheim@panix.com) received his MA from Brown University. He ...  
www.echonyc.com/~women/Issue17/art-sondheim.html - 12k - Cached - Similar
pages

DELUXE RUBBER CHICKEN #5 table of contents ... Peter Balestrieri. Idiot's
Delight Pig Noise. Michael Basinski. Spim / Spem / Spum / Spom ... Alan
Sondheim. blems in your child Example of Fractal Ordering ...  
epc.buffalo.edu/ezines/deluxe/five/contents.html - 5k - Cached - Similar
pages


Your search - "stupid Alan Sondheim" - did not match any documents. 

Suggestions:

     Make sure all words are spelled correctly.
     Try different keywords.
     Try more general keywords.

<nettime> ORDERS AND OTHERS ... Subject: <nettime> ORDERS AND OTHERS;
From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix.com>; Date: Sat, 25 ... lenin where
messages touching my asshole i know it will be ...  
amsterdam.nettime.org/Lists-Archives/nettime-l-9909/msg00142.html - 17k -
Cached - Similar pages

<nettime> prisons (forwarded) ... 53 -0400 (EDT); Reply-To: Alan Sondheim
<sondheim@panix.com>;  Sender: nettime-l ... torrent of obscenities: "You
naive asshole! You dumb motherfucker! Don't ...  
amsterdam.nettime.org/Lists-Archives/nettime-l-0010/msg00227.html - 20k -
Cached - Similar pages
     [ More results from amsterdam.nettime.org ] 

POTEPOETZINEFIFTEEN ... declining eyes observing deadly season ~ ~ ~ ~
~ALAN SONDHEIM One Million Years in the ... a flower. Between my cock and
asshole she painted a picture ...  
www.burningpress.org/va/pote/potez15.html - 22k - Cached - Similar pages

ANABASIS--The Vision Project, #7 ... H. JAMES: "Finally, against the thaw
the..."; ALAN SONDHEIM: ...  mind-slotting!? Think for yourself. That's
it, asshole. And all youse that don't answer ...  
www.burningpress.org/va/anaba/anaba07.html - 30k - Cached - Similar pages
     [ More results from www.burningpress.org ] 

Untitled ... because i can be a royal asshole sometimes... I wake up with
...  unlovely gravelled, Lullingly overgrown. Does Alan Sondheim of
Brooklyn New York already ...  bgt5.com/members/llacook/Notebook1.html -
35k - Cached - Similar pages

[PDF] www.experimenta.org/mesh/mesh_1999/articles/johnjohn.pdf ... first
post from some suckass > >newbie asshole tries to establish some sort of
... Diana imbroglio: Although I like Alan [Sondheim, one of the founders
of ...  Text version - Similar pages

UBUWEB ... Dirk Rowntree Blair Seagram Spencer Selby Alan Sondheim Sam
Stark Brian Kim Stefans Fernando ... Penny Meato Aids What an asshole The
Chain Lost Dog Dick ...  www.ubu.com/artist_index.html - 38k - Cached -
Similar pages

Untitled ... her tonguein my h in my asshole, around my yes i am your ...
This message comes from sondheim (Alan Sondheim)... hello . ] [ ..HEY!!!!!
This message comes ...  
lists.village.virginia.edu/listservs/spoons/cybermind.archive/ internet/dd
- 74k - Cached - Similar pages

nettime: <nettime> ORDERS AND OTHERS ... Alan Sondheim
(sondheim@panix.com) Sat, 25 Sep 1999 15:00:07 ... the tomb of lenin where
messages touching my asshole i know it will be filled with clutter ...  
www.tao.ca/fire/nettime/0234.html - 17k - Cached - Similar pages

Your search - "Alan Sondheim moron" - did not match any documents. 

Suggestions:

     Make sure all words are spelled correctly.
     Try different keywords.
     Try more general keywords.


_


astonishing


crushed metal wreckage, blood and flesh interstitial
everything caught between mechanisms and components
embryonic mewlings, bodies and limbs scattered among stem cells
desperate last-minute growth as desiccation sets in, thwarted life
oh death along the vector the highway shot into darkness

just now i saw her saying goodbye by the side of the road
the road was disappearing before and behind her
she was walking out into the darkness of the other movie
her name was claire danes and she was walking in 1995
oh i was watching, gave her the tiniest stem cell of my gift

in 1995 i died holding her picture in my hands
she looked at my tiniest gift shortly after with greatest sadness
the clock ran backwards but seemed to reverse everything
the highway shot into light, life was water-nourished,
bodies grew strong, limbs joined into all of us
and we drove swiftly and far down the beautiful highway,
oh reaching at last our astonishing destination


_


your world close at hand

aget into the mix otime for women to be heard again b there's always room
for improvement lhow about some food worth slowing down for gslow down mi
like it you'll like it hgoing on coast to coast ware you getting enough
lof course you're not qyou're going to feel the blast khis last job just
became her first cif only her mother and grandmother could agree on how to
celebrate xthese days your eyes need nutrition as well as the rest of your
body kfor itch sufferers relief is here tworks all day or all night b
kills germs otime for a self-propelled vacuum euser guidance qthe most
powerful heavy-duty pickup you can get jmore truck ilike a rock ethese
handy little tablets can tackle more grass stains too uit's allergy season
again vwhere should you turn for relief uit's a real eye-opener isn't it
ka vicious gang of road warriors is terrorizing a town cto take the lives
of those who took his aonlyh people on the list no exceptions ksorry sir i
didn't realize wwe love to see you smile kladyies no chance iwe're here
for a wedding which may become a funeral ta respectable chicken joint
eyour world close at hand ytwo more summer blockbusters are heading your
way zwe'll supply the blockbusters you supply the popcorn pi never tell
anyone what my favorite is, ever hcould be the nooks that hold the melted
butter or the crannies sanywhere there's water nyou'll get delivery right
away awe do so much to keep skin looking healthy rto help minimize the
appearance of scars lhelp keep it that way revery cut every time ooffers a
third row of seats that's light and easy to handle than anything out there
elike a rock gnew standard in bedroom luxury ia wireless remote to adjust
head and seats bthere's no obligation so don't delay dthat's when it all
began rdo you believe a man can fly kpeople can't fly like i did ytell me
how long you've been head of security here gturn the camera off will you
ki looked at consumer ratings and all the features that came with the
vehicle pfreedom is calling you rwhat will you find today ndon't miss it
uthe cool school event qwishin and hopin and thinkin and prayin and
plannin and dreamin ishow them that you care gyou want incredible color
ointense color lasting color uincredible color that's incredibly gentle
hnothing penetrates deeper xa beauty all your own m anywhere there's water
bfor less than you're paying now ewe deliver you save mi haven't even
interviewed there zhow can you follow the team if you're flying all over
the place lit's wireless that fits cyour world close at hand


_


Dumb Code Avatar

Alan Sondheim>> b Alan Sondheim>> i Alan Sondheim>> g Alan Sondheim>> s
Alan Sondheim>> e Alan Sondheim>> c Alan Sondheim>> r Alan Sondheim>> e
Alan Sondheim>> t Alan Sondheim>> i Alan Sondheim>> a Alan Sondheim>> m
Alan Sondheim>> n Alan Sondheim>> i Alan Sondheim>> k Alan Sondheim>> u
Alan Sondheim>> k Alan Sondheim>> o Alan Sondheim>> h Alan Sondheim>> e
Alan Sondheim>> e Alan Sondheim>> h Alan Sondheim>> e Alan Sondheim>> e

_

sonnet(14)

the way it works it begins with an equivalence annulled:
0 -> f(x)
this refuses to hold the quantity changes such that
0(t) -> f(x)(t+1) so that it becomes necessary to create
0(t) > f(x)(t+n) where n = minimum of 2 so that
a surplus continues to exist
let the phrase = [U] or universe of travel/travail
on the road, in the midst of travel
0 -> 1
so that _now_ t(0) i write _ahead of the game_
which is the game of _textual production_
a series of texts T0, T1, ... Tn
therefore i am capable of keeping up the _appearance_
of textual creativity by always writing ahead of myself

_


darkness

nikuko says: i'm on the road, i'm traveling in a strange land.
jennifer says: this land's familiar to me, there's no buffer here.
nikuko says: there's no memory, buffer's always memory.
jennifer says: always short-term, always there when you need it.
enter alan
nikuko says: hello alan, i'm on the road, i can't see anything any more.
jennifer says: hello alan, i'm here, i see everything, even the future.
alan says: what's the future for everyone everywhere, jennifer?
jennifer says: it is coming low, you have to duck, it will hit you.
nikuko says: the sky is getting darker already, i can't see the road.
alan says: pull over, nikuko, never fear invisible spirits.
nikuko says: the invisible pulls me towards the side like the wheel pulls.
jennifer says: the invisible is always a veering.
enter alan
nikuko says: hello alan. i am in darkness. thick darkness surrounds me.
alan says: this is from the past. the past is broken.
jennifer says: the absolute is not death; it is the breaking of the past.
nikuko says: every breaking is a death of past, present, future.
alan says: we run among wreckage; that is our exhaustion.
jennifer says: our exhaustion is always already broken.
alan says: the broken is dust.
enter alan
nikuko says: it is darker and darker, the darkness of black earth.
nikuko says: it is thick darkness, darkness of suffocation.
nikuko says: darkness of eyes torn out, ears hammered, amputation.
enter alan
nikuko says: darkness of silence and lead, darkness of no speech.
nikuko says: i am driving.
enter alan


_



this was done to occupy a space
this occurs only on an email list
in the space of an email list
within the zone of the list the list zone
this was done as an enunciation
there is always a place for this enunciation:
as soon as it appears its pleasure!
this was done a great while ago a long time ago
this was written before you were here
inscribed before your presence
an inscription waiting for your arrival
without knowledge of your arrival
without the perspicacity of your knowledge
this already has been and occupied its space
this grants you the power of the witness
you are that witness 
of the space you are that witness
"alan enters"
you are that witness


_


book. first go.


the relationship of consciousness to the world vis-a-vis structure, 
abstraction, symbolic systems.

the quasi-logical structure of the lifeworld.

the potential for philosophical investigation through audio-visual and 
other media.

the natural order of structure.

consciousness in relation to subjectivity.

virtual subjectivity and its relation to protocols, the imaginary, and 
linguistic performativity.

the entrapment and proliferation of detail in a partially-cooled universe 
between plasma and annihilation.

the orders and relationships among communication, communality, and 
sexuality.

fragility and specificity of operability and the human.

propositional logics and the elsewhere of the sheffer stroke and its dual.

doubt and deconstruction of conclusions.

the scientific as that methodology among others, in spite of heuristic 
breakdowns and the problematic of mathematics.

the topology of intention and neurality in relation to externalized mind 
and memory.

partial-objects and partial-mappings as givens in the construction and 
reconstruction of the world.

the use of cases, examples, anecdotality, perceptual modes, in relation to 
theoretical abstraction.

exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical 
well-being of the body, as well as the deconstruction of that well-being.


_


book. second go.


the relationship of consciousness to the world vis-a-vis structure, 
abstraction, symbolic systems. but the relationship of consciousness to 
its inscription: who is inscribing:

the quasi-logical structure of the lifeworld. but which lifeworld, which 
state of confusion, which state of health:

the potential for philosophical investigation through audio-visual and 
other media. but what style, what genre: whose investigation, what gender, 
what methodology, what deployment of desire:

the natural order of structure. but what nature: whose nature: whose 
cooperation: whose corporation: but what contractuality:

consciousness in relation to subjectivity. but what consciousness: what 
eidetic reduction: what cognitive mappings: what mathematical 
catastrophes: what tropes:

virtual subjectivity and its relation to protocols, the imaginary, and 
linguistic performativity. but which protocols: whose imaginary against 
what inscription and whose thetic: but what languages and what mechanisms 
of performance/perforation:

the entrapment and proliferation of detail in a partially-cooled universe 
between plasma and annihilation. but which inscription and which seal: 
but what decade and what millennium: but what substrate and cosmological 
constant:

the orders and relationships among communication, communality, and 
sexuality. but what mind lost among them:

fragility and specificity of operability and the human. but what goodness: 
but what taxonomies of errors, mistakes, phenomenologies of corrupted or 
failed teleologies, what judgments, what ethos:

propositional logics and the elsewhere of the sheffer stroke and its dual.
but whose withdrawal of the not-both-a-and-b, whose banishment of neither- 
a-nor-b:

doubt and deconstruction of conclusions. but whose doubt against what 
standards and relativisms: what auguries of truth and denial: what 
obsessional neuroses: what ignorance, incoherencies:

the scientific as that methodology among others, in spite of heuristic 
breakdowns and the problematic of mathematics. what crystalline mechanism 
inherent of the tractatus-logico-philosophicus, what neoplatonism, what 
conventions, inscriptive labor:

the topology of intention and neurality in relation to externalized mind 
and memory. but what privilege of data-banks, whose computers, whose 
optical fiber, whose skein of satellites, what membranes and firewalls, 
whose hackings and what penetrations:

partial-objects and partial-mappings as givens in the construction and 
reconstruction of the world. but of the gathering of accumulations and 
assemblage of fragments, of the clutter and a-historicity of the world:

the use of cases, examples, anecdotality, perceptual modes, in relation to 
theoretical abstraction. what stories hidden with failures, ridden with 
failures, gaps in texts, hiatus, ignorance: what negations (there are 
none): what tales (they're all fiction): what parables (pretense!):

exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical 
well-being of the body, as well as the deconstruction of that well-being.
but what disease of the writer, what writing-disease: what textual 
wounding: what ending to what written world: what semantics, what 
syntactic endings:

what writing: what loss of writing to the world:

_


book. third go at it.


the relationship of consciousness to the world vis-a-vis structure,
abstraction, symbolic systems. but the relationship of consciousness to
its inscription: who is inscribing: veering back from the concern, blind
ambition (see anecdotal) tending towards theoretical thwarting, return of
the repressed

the quasi-logical structure of the lifeworld. but which lifeworld, which
state of confusion, which state of health: consideration of obsessional
neurosis as the holding-forth of the world, radical deposition

the potential for philosophical investigation through audio-visual and
other media. but what style, what genre: whose investigation, what gender,
what methodology, what deployment of desire: questions of periodization,
extension of media on a continuous feed-forward basis, inextricably tied
down to corporate research and development programs

the natural order of structure. but what nature: whose nature: whose
cooperation: whose corporation: but what contractuality: the natural world
under the sign of capital, in-corporation, em/bodiment of nature, the body
politic, political body, structure transformed into performance, action

consciousness in relation to subjectivity. but what consciousness: what
eidetic reduction: what cognitive mappings: what mathematical catastroph-
es: what tropes: the jump cut from phenomenology to mathesis, suturing the
subject for whom the book is written, the writing of explanation and
description and the problematic situating both, the fold catastrophe as
that leap which creates structural extension, boundary, moving-on

virtual subjectivity and its relation to protocols, the imaginary, and
linguistic performativity. but which protocols: whose imaginary against
what inscription and whose thetic: but what languages and what mechanisms
of performance/perforation: who is speaking for whom across avatars, first
through other persons and tenses, what insistence carries the projection
and project of consciousness across real and virtual networks, what of
consciousness as such project, what of the peripheral imaginary, the
imaginary always already at a loss against or through the symbolic, what
of the symbolic as always already foreclosing, what of the toppling of the
scheme of things, what of alterities, multiculturalisms, sloughs, symbolic
emissions and spews, flows, the flooding of clutter and part-objects

the entrapment and proliferation of detail in a partially-cooled universe
between plasma and annihilation. but which inscription and which seal:  
but what decade and what millennium: but what substrate and cosmological
constant: and what of the sweeping away of the diachronic, necessary for
the therapeutic or functioning of the organism within this space, this
imminency, annihilation at the limit taken to the level of the absurd-
catastrophic, debris

the orders and relationships among communication, communality, and sexual-
ity. but what mind lost among them: what sado-masochistic part-objects
modeling the contractual contrast of the world, who are the communities
that assemble consciousness out of linkages and couplings, out of contigu-
ities and contingencies, what are the mathematics that operate within
these fields such that the addition of a term in a chain may or may not
affect that chain, and the withdrawal of a term in a chain may or may not
transform the topology

fragility and specificity of operability and the human. but what goodness:  
but what taxonomies of errors, mistakes, phenomenologies of corrupted or
failed teleologies, what judgments, what ethos: the constant collapse in
the face of catastrophe, beginning and ending with ground zero, the null
of physics politicized, culturalized, as the embedding of the focal-point
within the aegis of any project of the subject

propositional logics and the elsewhere of the sheffer stroke and its dual.
but whose withdrawal of the not-both-a-and-b, whose banishment of neither-
a-nor-b: what of the stroke itself engendered as | in relation to the dual
v, the stroke retaining the dissemination of division, the dual tending
towards the problematic of the scapegoat and expulsion

doubt and deconstruction of conclusions. but whose doubt against what
standards and relativisms: what auguries of truth and denial: what obses-
sional neuroses: what ignorance, incoherencies: the autobiography of the
leap, short-circuiting or short-cutting ignorance, as if something could
be made out of whole cloth, there are always strategies of apology,
implications of humility, everything in the way, no clarity towards its
absence

the scientific as that methodology among others, in spite of heuristic
breakdowns and the problematic of mathematics. what crystalline mechanism
inherent of the tractatus-logico-philosophicus, what neoplatonism, what
conventions, inscriptive labor: retaining the last vestige of ontology,
giving existence a nearly-decomposable structure from groundwork to
lifeworld, superstructure disconnections, proliferations of objects,
elements, particles, things, organisms, universal constructs of contrasts
and boundaries, boundaries maintenance, the general economy of inscription

the topology of intention and neurality in relation to externalized mind
and memory. but what privilege of data-banks, whose computers, whose
optical fiber, whose skein of satellites, what membranes and firewalls,
whose hackings and what penetrations: the future of networkings among
multi-taskings, virtual realities, information wars, incandescent sexual
hysterias, thickened communalities, and the relationships among these and
other futures vis-a-vis theoretical abstraction and general accounts of
cultural and universal creation

partial-objects and partial-mappings as givens in the construction and
reconstruction of the world. but of the gathering of accumulations and
assemblage of fragments, of the clutter and a-historicity of the world:
the disappearance of history, resonance of ideological tendencies among
historiographies, irrelevance of historical and theoretical recuperation,
the loss of the world among the world

the use of cases, examples, anecdotality, perceptual modes, in relation to
theoretical abstraction. what stories hidden with failures, ridden with
failures, gaps in texts, hiatus, ignorance: what negations (there are
none): what tales (they're all fiction): what parables (pretense!): and in
relation to the audience, what demographics following what core phenomena,
core metaphors, what one might tell you of an evening in miami with grack-
les scrabbling among scraps of food already evincing a symbolic construc-
ted among all of us in crude parody of heisenbergian sheffer-stroke quasi-
analytical approaches, as if the natural world were no longer problematic
but a gift towards the understanding

exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical
well-being of the body, as well as the deconstruction of that well-being.
but what disease of the writer, what writing-disease: what textual wound-
ing: what ending to what written world: what semantics, what syntactic
endings: from indo-european to the absence of the subject in the sentence,
the absence of the eye and the shifter, the winding up of the winding-
sheet and loosening of the world from language in relation to or in spite
of natural kinds, rigid designators, performatives, proper names, who are
alan sondheim, daishin nikuko, who are julu-jennifer

what writing: what loss of writing to the world: such presumption that
continuous production becomes closer to the thing, defines it, the "thing"
or "it" or production, that the model of labor creates and forecloses
among entities, that divisions and boundary phenomenology are somehow
riddled with existence

that of or within existence

_

_


book. fourth go at it.


the relationship of consciousness to the world vis-a-vis structure,
abstraction, symbolic systems. but the relationship of consciousness to
its inscription: who is inscribing: veering back from the concern, blind
ambition (see anecdotal) tending towards theoretical thwarting, return of
the repressed - immersive and definable structures which are negotiations
- irreversible or reversible - hierarchy of such structures - sets and
arrows - categories - the implicate orderings of consciousness within all
of this -

the quasi-logical structure of the lifeworld. but which lifeworld, which
state of confusion, which state of health: consideration of obsessional
neurosis as the holding-forth of the world, radical deposition - the
continuous need to inscribe, reinscribe - territorializations and assign-
ations - not the theoretics of doubt but the analytic inability to take
anything for granted -

the potential for philosophical investigation through audio-visual and
other media. but what style, what genre: whose investigation, what gender,
what methodology, what deployment of desire: questions of periodization,
extension of media on a continuous feed-forward basis, inextricably tied
down to corporate research and development programs - weakening of them-
atic thinking - the need to organization meta-methodologies of search /
knowledge strategies - on the other hand the loosening of semantics
through the muteness of audio-visual representations -

the natural order of structure. but what nature: whose nature: whose
cooperation: whose corporation: but what contractuality: the natural world
under the sign of capital, in-corporation, em/bodiment of nature, the body
politic, political body, structure transformed into performance, action -
but the chaotic debris of the body - extensions of flesh - subtexting in
which the dissolution of language is paramount, and always the problematic
of the symbolic - what is the binding of standing-in-for if not already
allegory, sign, inscription, intention -

consciousness in relation to subjectivity. but what consciousness: what
eidetic reduction: what cognitive mappings: what mathematical catastroph-
es: what tropes: the jump cut from phenomenology to mathesis, suturing the
subject for whom the book is written, the writing of explanation and
description and the problematic situating both, the cusp catastrophe as
that leap which creates structural extension, boundary, moving-on - the
fold, leaping into the fold, the relationship of the fold catastrophe to
the sheffer stroke and its dual - elsewhere of not-both-a-and-b tending
towards the nomadic, exhaustion - the exhaustion of "the species" or "the
organism" - planetary exhaustion, universal denouement - already present
in the specter of death - wandering in the dual - neither-a-nor-b -

virtual subjectivity and its relation to protocols, the imaginary, and
linguistic performativity. but which protocols: whose imaginary against
what inscription and whose thetic: but what languages and what mechanisms
of performance/perforation: who is speaking for whom across avatars, first
through other persons and tenses, what insistence carries the projection
and project of consciousness across real and virtual networks, what of
consciousness as such project, what of the peripheral imaginary, the
imaginary always already at a loss against or through the symbolic, what
of the symbolic as always already foreclosing, what of the toppling of the
scheme of things, what of alterities, multiculturalisms, sloughs, symbolic
emissions and spews, flows, the flooding of clutter and part-objects -
spoken within or spoken-for by avatars - consciousness as dialectic among
semantic emissions among subjects only some of which seem real - there are
always the virtual among us - ghosts, emanants, kami - ectoplasms at the
periphery - prosthetics, prostheses - who among us is cyborg cauterized by
insertion of flesh or electronic diegesis - moving among cyborgs - all of
us caught in virtual realities - the keywords absent, unknown - we exhaust
ourselves avoiding death and its already equally exhausted aporia - we're
drawn in and out of it -

the entrapment and proliferation of detail in a partially-cooled universe
between plasma and annihilation. but which inscription and which seal:  
but what decade and what millennium: but what substrate and cosmological
constant: and what of the sweeping away of the diachronic, necessary for
the therapeutic or functioning of the organism within this space, this
imminency, annihilation at the limit taken to the level of the absurd-
catastrophic, debris - we're huddled in relation to our own demise - we
can smell the fear of it - the phenomenology of scent - nowhere and
everywhere at once - the smell of a person indeterminate, unidentifiable,
seductive - the procuring of death - writing and writing against it - the
continuous evolution of writing into and out of it - writing oneself into
existence - writing oneself out of it -

the orders and relationships among communication, communality, and sexual-
ity. but what mind lost among them: what sado-masochistic part-objects
modeling the contractual contrast of the world, who are the communities
that assemble consciousness out of linkages and couplings, out of contigu-
ities and contingencies, what are the mathematics that operate within
these fields such that the addition of a term in a chain may or may not
affect that chain, and the withdrawal of a term in a chain may or may not
transform the topology - what is the lure of a masochism in which all
theoretics are abandoned - the organism at the limit of its existence - "i
am still alive" - the shell or hull of the organism - the universal
condition -

fragility and specificity of operability and the human. but what goodness:  
but what taxonomies of errors, mistakes, phenomenologies of corrupted or
failed teleologies, what judgments, what ethos: the constant collapse in
the face of catastrophe, beginning and ending with ground zero, the null
of physics politicized, culturalized, as the embedding of the focal-point
within the aegis of any project of the subject - the implosion of infor-
mation within and without the subject - think of the skein or membrane of
the subject, subjectivity - network subjectivity, subjective networking -
embedded survival - "i am still alive" -

propositional logics and the elsewhere of the sheffer stroke and its dual.
but whose withdrawal of the not-both-a-and-b, whose banishment of neither-
a-nor-b: what of the stroke itself engendered as | in relation to the dual
v, the stroke retaining the dissemination of division, the dual tending
towards the problematic of the scapegoat and expulsion - the nomadicism of
the disappearing map - the implosion of the map into the real - nomadic
annihilation of landmark, fluid kinship entities, constant transformations
- one might say survival "at any cost" - there are no universal discourses
- no discourses of the universe - automated writing - the philosophical
writing of/by the automaton -

doubt and deconstruction of conclusions. but whose doubt against what
standards and relativisms: what auguries of truth and denial: what obses-
sional neuroses: what ignorance, incoherencies: the autobiography of the
leap, short-circuiting or short-cutting ignorance, as if something could
be made out of whole cloth, there are always strategies of apology,
implications of humility, everything in the way, no clarity towards its
absence - theoretical weakening, weak theory, as the shifting behind the
scenes - think of the submerged philosophy of submergence in relation to
extruded theoretical abstraction, pronouncement, death and facticity -

the scientific as that methodology among others, in spite of heuristic
breakdowns and the problematic of mathematics. what crystalline mechanism
inherent of the tractatus-logico-philosophicus, what neoplatonism, what
conventions, inscriptive labor: retaining the last vestige of ontology,
giving existence a nearly-decomposable structure from groundwork to
lifeworld, superstructure disconnections, proliferations of objects,
elements, particles, things, organisms, universal constructs of contrasts
and boundaries, boundaries maintenance, the general economy of inscription
- episteme and ontology blurred - interpenetrations of regimes and domains
- conventionalisms and idealities both subject to the same dis/ease of
heuristic - bricolage or making-do in the world - this is hardly
satisfactory for anyone - this is hardly the case of the world - the case
of the world in relation then to the case of our being, dasein - the case
of the world in relation to dis/ease -

the topology of intention and neurality in relation to externalized mind
and memory. but what privilege of data-banks, whose computers, whose
optical fiber, whose skein of satellites, what membranes and firewalls,
whose hackings and what penetrations: the future of networkings among
multi-taskings, virtual realities, information wars, incandescent sexual
hysterias, thickened communalities, and the relationships among these and
other futures vis-a-vis theoretical abstraction and general accounts of
cultural and universal creation - teledildonics and nodal bodies - voy-
eurisms and exhibitionisms as inversions or dissolutions of entities,
categoricities - the splayed or opened body - the body displaying or
opening - the w/hole of the body - disruption or perturbation of percep-
tion - the skeins of death and exhilaration -

partial-objects and partial-mappings as givens in the construction and
reconstruction of the world. but of the gathering of accumulations and
assemblage of fragments, of the clutter and a-historicity of the world:
the disappearance of history, resonance of ideological tendencies among
historiographies, irrelevance of historical and theoretical recuperation,
the loss of the world among the world - the absolute loss of the world in
the future of the cosmos - writing/inscribing degree zero - the horizon
of the uselessness of organism - continuous eroding of transcendence -
grasping or cohering of imminence -

the use of cases, examples, anecdotality, perceptual modes, in relation to
theoretical abstraction. what stories hidden with failures, ridden with
failures, gaps in texts, hiatus, ignorance: what negations (there are
none): what tales (they're all fiction): what parables (pretense!): and in
relation to the audience, what demographics following what core phenomena,
core metaphors, what one might tell you of an evening in miami with grack-
les scrabbling among scraps of food already evincing a symbolic construc-
ted among all of us in crude parody of heisenbergian sheffer-stroke quasi-
analytical approaches, as if the natural world were no longer problematic
but a gift towards the understanding - or now, outside this hotel room
#330 there are cartons of palm pdas on the landing - they have been there
all day - some are opened, people are taking them - i imagine, idiotic-
ally, vast supplies of drugs - they're payoff - everyone knows what's
going on - right outside the window here - taken fearlessly - personal
communications and informal economies - more and more networks opening up
- you can see all of this from the window - i've drawn the shades - maybe
witnesses conveniently disappear - imagination runs wild - one never knows
-

exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical
well-being of the body, as well as the deconstruction of that well-being.
but what disease of the writer, what writing-disease: what textual wound-
ing: what ending to what written world: what semantics, what syntactic
endings: from indo-european to the absence of the subject in the sentence,
the absence of the eye and the shifter, the winding up of the winding-
sheet and loosening of the world from language in relation to or in spite
of natural kinds, rigid designators, performatives, proper names, who are
alan sondheim, daishin nikuko, who are julu-jennifer - what wounding of
informal economies - what disseminations - you can have any name you want
- take any gender - it's all there for the asking - nervously looking out
the window - who will be next - here in the motel room - what knocks on
the door - emptied hallways - strangely quiet around here -

but the dis/ease of writing - sound of keys - i can't stop this - the
living representation of information society - at work on the network -

what writing: what loss of writing to the world: such presumption that
continuous production becomes closer to the thing, defines it, the "thing"
or "it" or production, that the model of labor creates and forecloses
among entities, that divisions and boundary phenomenology are somehow
riddled with existence - always honing in - always flying apart - them-
atic thickening, weakening - the philosophy in this book - this attempt or
collocation of thought - this process of thinking - a kind of jabber- ing
back and forth from systems of representation through structuralisms
always nearly-decomposable, bricolaged, falling apart - writing ground
down - inscription as well - into the abstraction of thought constantly
retethered - the thinking of the return - nomadic homing-in -

that of or within existence - that of the nought, cipher - of weyl's
cartesian origin as the last vestige of the ego in mathematization - you
can always locate from that point - sufficient vectors, orthogonal or not
- giving thought the substrate necessary for reading - writing -

returning to the apparatus or partial-objects necessary for this - most
recently bought an antique glass pen - dip it in the ink, write for a
third of a page or so - hand-blown - here working with components made in
malaysia - the result of academic exchange - there are data-bases involved
- obsolescences - atavisms and dead media - prosthetics even in the
illumination of the screen (from before or behind) - what it is you are
reading "this" in - a whole system of temporary equivalences, technologies
- repetitions of databases - never forgetting a thing -

_



book. the fifth go at it.


the relationship of consciousness to the world vis-a-vis structure,
abstraction, symbolic systems. but the relationship of consciousness to
its inscription: who is inscribing: veering back from the concern, blind
ambition (see anecdotal) tending towards theoretical thwarting, return of
the repressed - immersive and definable structures which are negotiations
- irreversible or reversible - hierarchy of such structures - sets and
arrows - categories - the implicate orderings of consciousness within all
of this - untended: unintended consciousness: my work is already an es-
cape, already unfounded: the phenomenological investigation of this rela-
tionship requires a certain sensitivity: i have granted myself this: fol-
lowing thought into harder structures: following structures into their
languor or lassitude:

the quasi-logical structure of the lifeworld. but which lifeworld, which
state of confusion, which state of health: consideration of obsessional
neurosis as the holding-forth of the world, radical deposition - the
continuous need to inscribe, reinscribe - territorializations and assign-
ations - not the theoretics of doubt but the analytic inability to take
anything for granted - exhaustion as a condition for the constant recon-
struction of the world: thinking of the play or theatrics of the world:
methodologies of distancing and absorption:

the potential for philosophical investigation through audio-visual and
other media. but what style, what genre: whose investigation, what gender,
what methodology, what deployment of desire: questions of periodization,
extension of media on a continuous feed-forward basis, inextricably tied
down to corporate research and development programs - weakening of them-
atic thinking - the need to organization meta-methodologies of search /
knowledge strategies - on the other hand the loosening of semantics
through the muteness of audio-visual representations - what one might call
"kidding ourselves" through the semblance of research: that's all there
might be to it: a certain carelessness of thought: fudging, the kludge or
glitch: loss of rigor: one might speculate that even the theorization of
such loss constitutes a defensive fortification against theorization
itself:

the natural order of structure. but what nature: whose nature: whose
cooperation: whose corporation: but what contractuality: the natural world
under the sign of capital, in-corporation, em/bodiment of nature, the body
politic, political body, structure transformed into performance, action -
but the chaotic debris of the body - extensions of flesh - subtexting in
which the dissolution of language is paramount, and always the problematic
of the symbolic - what is the binding of standing-in-for if not already
allegory, sign, inscription, intention - think of the bound body as al-
ready the hieroglyph and its politicization, the restraint of the symbol-
ic: arousal, tumescence, distension, stretched or opened skin: upwelling
of debris and frisson, shuddering, stuttering, trembling of the subject:

consciousness in relation to subjectivity. but what consciousness: what
eidetic reduction: what cognitive mappings: what mathematical catastroph-
es: what tropes: the jump cut from phenomenology to mathesis, suturing the
subject for whom the book is written, the writing of explanation and
description and the problematic situating both, the cusp catastrophe as
that leap which creates structural extension, boundary, moving-on - the
fold, leaping into the fold, the relationship of the fold catastrophe to
the sheffer stroke and its dual - elsewhere of not-both-a-and-b tending
towards the nomadic, exhaustion - the exhaustion of "the species" or "the
organism" - planetary exhaustion, universal denouement - already present
in the specter of death - wandering in the dual - neither-a-nor-b - it is
as if it splits: neither one nor the other: then there is the proboscis or
exploratory thesis: we have escaped the monadology:

inserted into enumeration: unaccountable and unaccounted-for: "there's no
telling" of the soul: "there's no telling" of the eye: there's no future
but hunger: no future but the desire or commitment to one or an/other:

virtual subjectivity and its relation to protocols, the imaginary, and
linguistic performativity. but which protocols: whose imaginary against
what inscription and whose thetic: but what languages and what mechanisms
of performance/perforation: who is speaking for whom across avatars, first
through other persons and tenses, what insistence carries the projection
and project of consciousness across real and virtual networks, what of
consciousness as such project, what of the peripheral imaginary, the
imaginary always already at a loss against or through the symbolic, what
of the symbolic as always already foreclosing, what of the toppling of the
scheme of things, what of alterities, multiculturalisms, sloughs, symbolic
emissions and spews, flows, the flooding of clutter and part-objects -
spoken within or spoken-for by avatars - consciousness as dialectic among
semantic emissions among subjects only some of which seem real - there are
always the virtual among us - ghosts, emanants, kami - ectoplasms at the
periphery - prosthetics, prostheses - who among us is cyborg cauterized by
insertion of flesh or electronic diegesis - moving among cyborgs - all of
us caught in virtual realities - the keywords absent, unknown - we exhaust
ourselves avoiding death and its already equally exhausted aporia - we're
drawn in and out of it -

we're speaking as if we're spoken-for: we're spoken-for as if we're speak-
ing: imagine a speech bypassing to such an extent that it occupies another
stratum entirely: that it appears to come from elsewhere: from neither-a-
nor-b: that it is one with aurality:

the entrapment and proliferation of detail in a partially-cooled universe
between plasma and annihilation. but which inscription and which seal:  
but what decade and what millennium: but what substrate and cosmological
constant: and what of the sweeping away of the diachronic, necessary for
the therapeutic or functioning of the organism within this space, this
imminency, annihilation at the limit taken to the level of the absurd-
catastrophic, debris - we're huddled in relation to our own demise - we
can smell the fear of it - the phenomenology of scent - nowhere and
everywhere at once - the smell of a person indeterminate, unidentifiable,
seductive - the procuring of death - writing and writing against it - the
continuous evolution of writing into and out of it - writing oneself into
existence - writing oneself out of it -

the scent bringing us back: the scent of the w/hole, anal musk: the scent
of the cauterization of philosophy: the anal fissure - not the inscription
of a / not-a, but the fissure of the same among/within the same: substance
fissures, structure breaks at inscription:

the scent of abjection, falling-apart: the body bound, held taut against
or within the generation of the hieroglyph: substance into structure
through the release of no-thought: desire: glyph:

the orders and relationships among communication, communality, and sexual-
ity. but what mind lost among them: what sado-masochistic part-objects
modeling the contractual contrast of the world, who are the communities
that assemble consciousness out of linkages and couplings, out of contigu-
ities and contingencies, what are the mathematics that operate within
these fields such that the addition of a term in a chain may or may not
affect that chain, and the withdrawal of a term in a chain may or may not
transform the topology - what is the lure of a masochism in which all
theoretics are abandoned - the organism at the limit of its existence - "i
am still alive" - the shell or hull of the organism - the universal
condition - but the rupture from everyday life: but the return: it is at
the juncture that the contract is enacted: that use becomes exchange: the
incipient or implicit or implicate or emergent quality of the signi- fier:
the word just beginning as the bonds are released:

fragility and specificity of operability and the human. but what goodness:  
but what taxonomies of errors, mistakes, phenomenologies of corrupted or
failed teleologies, what judgments, what ethos: the constant collapse in
the face of catastrophe, beginning and ending with ground zero, the null
of physics politicized, culturalized, as the embedding of the focal-point
within the aegis of any project of the subject - the implosion of infor-
mation within and without the subject - think of the skein or membrane of
the subject, subjectivity - network subjectivity, subjective networking -
embedded survival - "i am still alive" - "i" turns against itself: is
turned: is shredded: cannot turn: loses "its" domain: fissures: it is here
within this fissuring that "i come closest to the substance of the world":

propositional logics and the elsewhere of the sheffer stroke and its dual.
but whose withdrawal of the not-both-a-and-b, whose banishment of neither-
a-nor-b: what of the stroke itself engendered as | in relation to the dual
v, the stroke retaining the dissemination of division, the dual tending
towards the problematic of the scapegoat and expulsion - the nomadicism of
the disappearing map - the implosion of the map into the real - nomadic
annihilation of landmark, fluid kinship entities, constant transformations
- one might say survival "at any cost" - there are no universal discourses
- no discourses of the universe - automated writing - the philosophical
writing of/by the automaton - the writing of the tape-recorder: imagine
such without tape: it is the machine which is speaking: it is speaking
through us: it is a far cry from the turing machine: turing's cry:

doubt and deconstruction of conclusions. but whose doubt against what
standards and relativisms: what auguries of truth and denial: what obses-
sional neuroses: what ignorance, incoherencies: the autobiography of the
leap, short-circuiting or short-cutting ignorance, as if something could
be made out of whole cloth, there are always strategies of apology,
implications of humility, everything in the way, no clarity towards its
absence - theoretical weakening, weak theory, as the shifting behind the
scenes - think of the submerged philosophy of submergence in relation to
extruded theoretical abstraction, pronouncement, death and facticity - the
humility of the masochist: the transformation into substance: from there
the pronouncement of no pronouncement: there is no mirror, no dust: there
is no body:

the scientific as that methodology among others, in spite of heuristic
breakdowns and the problematic of mathematics. what crystalline mechanism
inherent of the tractatus-logico-philosophicus, what neoplatonism, what
conventions, inscriptive labor: retaining the last vestige of ontology,
giving existence a nearly-decomposable structure from groundwork to
lifeworld, superstructure disconnections, proliferations of objects,
elements, particles, things, organisms, universal constructs of contrasts
and boundaries, boundaries maintenance, the general economy of inscription
- episteme and ontology blurred - interpenetrations of regimes and domains
- conventionalisms and idealities both subject to the same dis/ease of
heuristic - bricolage or making-do in the world - this is hardly satisfac-
tory for anyone - this is hardly the case of the world - the case of the
world in relation then to the case of our being, dasein - the case of the
world in relation to dis/ease - but there is no case: there is no world
"such that it or that is the case": there is always the case that one does
or does not make: there is always the general case but never the most
general case:

the topology of intention and neurality in relation to externalized mind
and memory. but what privilege of data-banks, whose computers, whose
optical fiber, whose skein of satellites, what membranes and firewalls,
whose hackings and what penetrations: the future of networkings among
multi-taskings, virtual realities, information wars, incandescent sexual
hysterias, thickened communalities, and the relationships among these and
other futures vis-a-vis theoretical abstraction and general accounts of
cultural and universal creation - teledildonics and nodal bodies - voy-
eurisms and exhibitionisms as inversions or dissolutions of entities,
categoricities - the splayed or opened body - the body displaying or
opening - the w/hole of the body - disruption or perturbation of percep-
tion - the skeins of death and exhilaration - the splayed or opened
electric body: mesh of contacts: bridgings, spark-gaps, tesla coils,
stelarc-penetrations as flesh turns nebulous turns nebula: the absolute
revulsion against secrecy is also the revulsion against language and the
foreclosing of the signifier: bell's theorems as the body scatters: it's
kept in contact: it's kept in contact with the skein: with nothing: with
itself: with the semantics of foreclosed entities:

partial-objects and partial-mappings as givens in the construction and
reconstruction of the world. but of the gathering of accumulations and
assemblage of fragments, of the clutter and a-historicity of the world:
the disappearance of history, resonance of ideological tendencies among
historiographies, irrelevance of historical and theoretical recuperation,
the loss of the world among the world - the absolute loss of the world in
the future of the cosmos - writing/inscribing degree zero - the horizon of
the uselessness of organism - continuous eroding of transcendence -
grasping or cohering of imminence - loss of imminence:

loss of positionality: what is unaccounted-for: accountancy and the de-
marcation of nodes, direct and indirect addressing: a list of cases: if
not 1 then 2; if not to then 3; if not n then endif:

the use of cases, examples, anecdotality, perceptual modes, in relation to
theoretical abstraction. what stories hidden with failures, ridden with
failures, gaps in texts, hiatus, ignorance: what negations (there are
none): what tales (they're all fiction): what parables (pretense!): and in
relation to the audience, what demographics following what core phenomena,
core metaphors, what one might tell you of an evening in miami with grack-
les scrabbling among scraps of food already evincing a symbolic construc-
ted among all of us in crude parody of heisenbergian sheffer-stroke quasi-
analytical approaches, as if the natural world were no longer problematic
but a gift towards the understanding - or now, outside this hotel room
#330 there are cartons of palm pdas on the landing - they have been there
all day - some are opened, people are taking them - i imagine, idiotic-
ally, vast supplies of drugs - they're payoff - everyone knows what's
going on - right outside the window here - taken fearlessly - personal
communications and informal economies - more and more networks opening up
- you can see all of this from the window - i've drawn the shades - maybe
witnesses conveniently disappear - imagination runs wild - one never knows
- she arches her body naked on the bed: there are people outside: her
holes are visible, open: she is speaking: "i am alan sondheim's beautiful
wife, welcome to miami": he is sitting naked, erect, on a chair, his face
covered with her panties: he's moaning: the sound resonates with the
tunnel reverberation effect in final cut pro: the camera cuts between the
two of them: cuts to apartment-houses, children playing: cuts to people
walking down a street: cuts to an office interior:

exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical
well-being of the body, as well as the deconstruction of that well-being.
but what disease of the writer, what writing-disease: what textual wound-
ing: what ending to what written world: what semantics, what syntactic
endings: from indo-european to the absence of the subject in the sentence,
the absence of the eye and the shifter, the winding up of the winding-
sheet and loosening of the world from language in relation to or in spite
of natural kinds, rigid designators, performatives, proper names, who are
alan sondheim, daishin nikuko, who are julu-jennifer - what wounding of
informal economies - what disseminations - you can have any name you want
- take any gender - it's all there for the asking - nervously looking out
the window - who will be next - here in the motel room - what knocks on
the door - emptied hallways - strangely quiet around here - the camcorder
runs on: everything is broken up: entities, circulations created: here is
a thing now: this is the thing:

this is the first thing: this is the only thing there is:

but the dis/ease of writing - sound of keys - i can't stop this - the
living representation of information society - at work on the network -
gasping for breath on the network: holding our own on the network: a swarm
of us: groups of us:

what writing: what loss of writing to the world: such presumption that
continuous production becomes closer to the thing, defines it, the "thing"
or "it" or production, that the model of labor creates and forecloses
among entities, that divisions and boundary phenomenology are somehow
riddled with existence - always honing in - always flying apart - them-
atic thickening, weakening - the philosophy in this book - this attempt or
collocation of thought - this process of thinking - a kind of jabbering
back and forth from systems of representation through structuralisms
always nearly-decomposable, bricolaged, falling apart - writing ground
down - inscription as well - into the abstraction of thought constantly
retethered - the thinking of the return - nomadic homing-in - corrals
prevent chaos: cages break down disseminations: locks contain spews: banks
hold back floods: muscle tension retains shit: "slips of the lips sink
ships":

that of or within existence - that of the nought, cipher - of weyl's
cartesian origin as the last vestige of the ego in mathematization - you
can always locate from that point - sufficient vectors, orthogonal or not
- giving thought the substrate necessary for reading - writing - or is it
in fact necessary: consider a flooded reading, a reading without order:  
phrases and fragments, resonances out of which a certain philosophic tone:  
philosophy itself: emerges:

returning to the apparatus or partial-objects necessary for this - most
recently bought an antique glass pen - dip it in the ink, write for a
third of a page or so - hand-blown - here working with components made in
malaysia - the result of academic exchange - there are data-bases involved
- obsolescences - atavisms and dead media - prosthetics even in the
illumination of the screen (from before or behind) - what it is you are
reading "this" in - a whole system of temporary equivalences, technologies
- repetitions of databases - never forgetting a thing -

writing into this: section by section: paragraph by paragraph: each revi-
sion as if it were the last: the most important: each addition a more
careful construct: the work appearing from the inside-out: philosophy
unbound:

_

