


I Model; You Take My Picture

CEPA Journal, 1988


Modelling proceeds from the assumption that representation possesses
the residue of organism, that something remains of interested after
the photographic session occurs.

Modelling also proceeds of course from the presence of the body, its
position relative to the _you,_ a position occasioned from your
establishment of a structure. Thus it is _only_ the presence of the
body, _this_ presence of _this_ body: an ontological issue.

What could emerge but a psycho- or sexual pathology, a characterology
rendered immanent and inauthentic by an atmosphere of fiction and
hysteric reduction? Something akin to schizophrenia, perhaps, the
overdetermination of personality. Thus a situation in which the
spectator is read, held in abeyance: it is the gaze of the model
towards the spectator, not the other way around.

From this moment on, the completion of the image and its presentation,
all of the usual is in evidence - male and female gaze, punctum, and
so forth. But these are not necessarily inherent in the modelling
session itself, which contains its own modes of representations,
continually playing off the deployment of power and sexuality within a
situational as-if, a situation set-aside as the dream is always
elsewhere.

And so my body is an immanent form of exchange; for you it is a rite
of passage. Were it not for the inertia of sexuality, the weight of the
caress of light, my body would become invisible, totalized: nothing
and everything simultaneously. Its visibility for you would be its in-
visibility for myself, of course, of course...

And

I am always concerned about the revelation, appearance, of the sexual
organs, which transform the body into a map, an area of striations
governed by the logics of gesture (non-distributive, non-Boolean) and
transversals. For here is where secrecy lies; here is where the gift
results in an annihilation akin to orgasm, an circumscription of the
flesh. At a certain point, there's nothing left to give; at a certain
moment in pornography, a _pornographic moment,_ the horizon of death
meets the totalization of organs, and so on. Thus I am reduced, and
this annihilation is my comfort; I am become you and the session is
close to an end. I lose myself in substance, the medieval substance of
light, just as pauvre Flaubert loses himself in materiality as St-An-
toine before rescue by the Signifier Of The Sun. Now the photograph
is not the signifier of the body and this absolute reduction is
reversed only by the occasion of time, the closure of the shutter, and
the denouement of the subsequent events in the studio.

Compare this to the absurdity of modelling for a painter. Here one
remains, hour after hour, in a useless position (useless passion); the
pose (which originally had _content_) becomes a frozen signifier re-
verberating against the stillness of the flesh. Nothing pleasant in
this news from nowhere...

While in photography, the pose is _everything,_ and everything pre-
pares for it. I take a pose and hold it for you; _I release it;_ the
body moves through the image. The image is imaginary; the body is
always on the way to somewhere. (And when you take this picture, I
love or hate you for it; I am never neutral...)

When I model, I desire you, desire the photographer and her perform-
ance, desire this which targets my body, re-possesses it; if I am
clothed, my body fulfills the function of clothing; if I am naked,
everything is gone, devoured, _spent._

(Is there not a void, rupture, between technology and body, between
superstructure and base, through which desire flows, a mediation which
transform body into fantasy? What I desire is an extension of the
world, its caress; what I desire is loss, and its desire.)

This is a form of giving, this devouring. The posed body is the _ano-
rectic body,_ the body as absolute signifier, impenetrable; this is
the body of exchange, the body of late capitalism in which commodif-
ication and fetishization become one, become the Same. The pure com-
modity - the cohesive body - gathers light, reproduces it as a form of
abjection. Abjection, since light and body are no longer being and
not-being, self and not-self, neither one thing nor another (the
absent entity which exists in the temporal interstice of the shutter/
shudder); the body becomes a re-presentation, simultaneously short-
circuiting the photographer and the everyday. Orgasm flows into the
light; the self coagulates (a promise of coagulation) against the
grain of the negative - the self develops, is fixed, annihilated.
Photography and modelling in particular are the inverted double of the
body of the shaman, and the shaman is androgynous.

Thus photography itself mediates between the real (evidence in the
"scientific" sense) and the imaginary (the eccentric space of the
erotic): an entity embedded into substance, or an entity promising
substance and embedding.

What I am is what I have; what I have is what you are; what you are is
what I am; what I am belongs to you (plateau of skin, screen of
flesh). What is ceased (embedded) remains in shadow; what is evident
in the light is evidence and light is everywhere. Light embeds and re-
produces; light guarantees commodity and production.

Back from the photography, the camera, the photographer - which pro-
vide the occasion (fulfilled by the event and its descriptions) -
there is that necessary distrust, that focus of excitement, exci-
tation: what can we do together? What is the _license_ of the image?
(What is the arrangement of our, my, desire? Your occasion?) My body
is arranged, rearranged in (every conceivable (thus appearing that
inversion in which my existence is presence and loss)) position; it is
the heraldic body, emblematic (of its presence, the presence of sub-
stance, _the_ mother). Clearly the body is an opening towards the
light; the body opens: You open the body for me.

I am restrained. In this fashion I hardly know you. The light becomes
a familiar caress (it is not daylight; it is litigation, the negotia-
tion of the Law, outlawed in this sanctuary, this studio); I confess
everything. What you want is what you get. What you photograph is the
inverted double, and I perform for you. Like a service, I perform for
you, perform for myself. I cannot (to be frank) look in a mirror; I
avoid your eyes. I perform for the dead lens which brings my flesh to
life; you bring me to life, the restoration which is the presence of
flesh. Flesh is its disembodiment. You are the story which surrounds
me. You are the beginning of narrative.

What you pull out of me is an object. That object is an image, is
substance. That object cures; you are a curing shaman, mediating the
real against itself. There is nothing spiritual here, in this sham-
anism; there is only the presence of libido, the circulating of the
real, the collapse of fantasm, theory, language, against the reality
of the flesh and its excitation. Which becomes a totality, transforms
the body into liquidity, the return of the caress.

If I perform for you, you are the proof. (You _do_ me, do me in.) I
was this way, that way. I become you, your body, your organs (the
penetration of simultaneity, the absence of time). I don't think,
didn't think. That slow and deliberate movement. I offer my body.
Service. My arms, legs, torso, thighs everywhere. What I did was slow,
unlike me, then frozen. The thing flows; _it_ flows; the image is
impotent, discarded; what is the time of the image? Time smears the
image (which is completed by perception; you completeme). Nothing
occurs when the shutter is open; the shutter is all that occurs.
Nothing moves, or is movement a representation?; the shutter is all
that moves. (Hey Barthes, maybe the punctum occurs _elsewhere,_ the
real inversion of real flesh occasioned by the photograph - the image
itself only the residue?) Arrangements, the absence of light, our
gifts to each other.

And this anorectic state is the perfect body; the residue is present or
absent, here or there, digital. The shudder of the session from the
very beginning is given purity as the horizon, the endless perfection
of withdrawal. And such withdrawal tends towards denouement, abjec-
tion, towards that horizon which returns the everyday as absolute. Thus
the everyday guarantees abjection; I model for you in an hysteric
state in which time comes to an end. My body and the body of the anor-
ectic are carved, carved out; in body, I gladly spend myself towards
the safety and solitude of death. In both I am hole again.

Carnival, plateau, perforations of the body. Everywhere illuminations.
I desire you, desire the presence ofthe camea. I desire your presence
within me.

So this is a case of theft and desire, like sadomasochism, this is the
desire of the illicit granted by negotiation opening up a forbidden
interiority in which presence is lost and gained. Just as I am always
for rent, you are always for hire. And this world, lost of late, lost
of late capitalism, is all the capital I have to spend. (So take it
fast...the loss of limbs...irreparable loss...the _fade_ of sexuality
...coming quickly...caressing the outside image...bringing it to
light...bringing it up...once more...making it hole again...)


+++

[note - there are computer illustrations accompanying this - we could
include them - the text says:

_And for illustrations? Any specific occasion would be a betrayal. So
I offer these, in its stead, as lure. So that the occasion remains
secure, inverts capital in the heart of its production._

_Four stages in a necessarily incomplete computer portrait of a mathe-
matical function._


+++

