


reading / new video / some other stuff / laptop demo if anyone wants


worlds, tribly - 35 minute digital video, 3 minute digital video -
available for worlds, tribly -

85 worlds intersecting: the torus cutting across, the sparrow flitting
from one to the other, the golden droplets swarming among them, the seven
watching men, the doubled doubled seven watching men, the woman from the
london gaiete shuddering, the second woman adding and removing dressing
and corset, the man and woman swirling and watching across, the woman with
the cross evolving and splitting and shuddering outward, the white stars
in the blue-black sky, the yellow stars in the blue-black sky, the great
fabric of being and the construct of the helices, the mouths wide open,
eyes wide open, the look of astonishment and the gaze, the swollen mold
and its emission, the bearded man, the torus bending and shuddering, the
torus taking on the colors and patterns, the sparrow flitting, the inner
and outer spaces, the backdrop spaces, the seven watching men ...

the dark break

the double framing window, the window embossing, the small victorian
blouse, the body staring and disappearing, the serene landscape, body
through the landscape, the quietening sounds, the fading out ...


*/
the chant of trilby-svengali.
i am her trilby to her svengali and she is my trilby to my svengali. 
i trilby make perfect fuck, sharing the dream of svengali and trilby:
trilby to svengali's edison, dolly shot in cinerama, her trilby to her
svengali, my trilby to my svengali. she nobody. svengali and trilby make
that trilby. that into into night night window from
folding. against of folding jacket. trilby, my my is singing woman.
i would be that woman that trilby.
trilby, she is my woman, she is singing within the woman.
hair hair duplicate face. body would trilby. be into that night trilby.
my trilby, is my singing singing against without there without singing.
/*

*/some cdroms & various 4 sale cheap/*


===
