


Poem in Perfect Rhyme



ading
ading
ading
ading
^G Get Help  ^ading
        <a href="mh">mh </a>rvPg/Top ^K Cut Line  ^O Posading
        <a href="mi">mi </a>                    [END of ading
        <a href="mj">mj </a>ancel    ^D Del Char  ^J Attading
        <a href="mk">mk </a>Line^T To AddrBkAlan and Hisading
        <a href="ml">ml </a>5L12 <cdlove2@orgio.neading
        <a href="mm">mm </a>e "iso-8859-1" charaading
^C Cancading
        <a href="mn">mn </a>end message? Yes            ading
        <a href="mo">mo        [Sending mail |ading
Password:e people ading
Last login: Thu Aug 29 14:11:57 from panix.core that i dont like ading
but I ading
Anyway, if you could passading
Sun Microsystems Inc.   SunOS 5.8 Generic February 2000t I can't ading
break confidence. Some of these people have toow ..ading
> cd /publish/info/english/internet_txt             ading
Anyway, if ading
> ftp panix.comhis on - see otading
Connected to panix.com. donading
There's more, but ading
220-'t bading
220 panix.com FTP server (lukemftpd 1.0) ready.der ]02 12:23:12ading
+0900ading
it then delete (same fate probaading
Name (panix.com:): sondheimthis on -beyond top of header ]   ading
331 Password required for. break confidence. Some of these peading
Password:toirt" itading
230-iousading
    NetBSD 1.5.2 (PANIX-USER) #0: We?¿                 ading
And why this happeading
ftp> chmod 644 motter what the iniading
?Invalid commande -irring...althading
byeading


===




in honour of alarums, of endless harm


oh captain, our captain, how valiant thou art,
when lilacs last, when thine eyes gouged out,
when blinded, how valiant, how war and thy declarations
rallied the people; when thine arm was lost to cannon,
thine face to ravages of sword and gun, how valiant!
when thine feet were cut by brutal assassination, how valiant!
nations rallied around thee, nations subservient to thee!
how valiant, carry forth full the glory of promise unfulfilled!
the masses, the masses, the masses, our leader, our captain,
out of the cradle, endlessly rocking,
thine ears imploded, the writs of suffocation,
the diseases of degeneration, silent cancers and alarums,
blow again trumpeter - conjure war's alarums.
legless and armless, blinded, deaf, unfeeling, our captain,
our valiant captain, skull churned to heroic fragment,
unrecognizable, alarums, captain of nuclear weaponry,
people lost to cannon, arm'd year - year of the struggle,
vast crowds in protest, oh captain our valiant captain,
when lilacs last in the dooryard bloomed, you were there,
unable to speak, unspeakable


===



in honour in of honour alarums, of mourning and villainy


of endless of harm endless oh oh captain, captain, our our how how valiant
valiant thou thou art, art, when when lilacs lilacs last, last, thine
thine eyes eyes gouged gouged out, out, blinded, how valiant, how war and
and thy thy declarations declarations when rallied people; the when
people; thine arm lost was to lost cannon, to rallied cannon, the face
ravages ravages sword sword gun, gun, valiant! valiant! face feet cut were
by cut brutal by assassination, brutal how assassination, valiant! nations
nations around around thee, thee, subservient subservient thee! thee!
carry full forth the full glory glory promise promise how unfulfilled!
valiant, masses, masses, leader, captain, out cradle, of endlessly the
rocking, cradle, ears thine imploded, ears writs the suffocation, of
diseases diseases degeneration, degeneration, silent silent cancers
cancers blow again blow trumpeter again - trumpeter conjure - war's
conjure alarums. war's legless legless armless, armless, deaf, deaf,
unfeeling, unfeeling, skull skull churned churned heroic heroic fragment,
fragment, unrecognizable, captain unrecognizable, nuclear captain
weaponry, of people cannon, arm'd year year of struggle, to vast crowds
crowds in protest, oh last the dooryard you bloomed, were you there,
there, lilacs unable speak, unspeakable


===




among


something moved on it
or something flooded
dark waves of shapes
or they were changed
the stars far too bright
brightened behind the sparklings
the waves of sparklings
among or between the stars
repetitions across the surfaces
moving and repeating within the surfaces
among veering horizons and collisions
within the fragility of things
circulating momentarily within them
the pulling everything among them
fields of safety 
among waves and particles 
the sky changed
or something spewed
or something flooded
dark waves of shapes
they moved
they changed
or they were changed
the stars far too bright
brightened behind the sparklings
the waves of sparklings
among or between the stars
repetitions across the surfaces
moving and repeating within the surfaces
within the fragility of things
circulating momentarily within them
always within and always without
the pulling everything among them
among waves and particles 
among fields 
or something flooded
dark waves of shapes
or they were changed
the stars far too bright
brightened behind the sparklings
the waves of sparklings
among or between the stars
repetitions across the surfaces
moving and repeating within the surfaces
among veering horizons and collisions
within the fragility of things
circulating momentarily within them
the pulling everything among them
among fields 
accountancy after and before 
something moved on it
brilliant sparkling things
or something flooded
they moved
or they were changed
the stars far too bright
among veering horizons and collisions
within the fragility of things
circulating momentarily within them
always within and always without
among appearances and disappearances
the pulling everything among them
accountancy after and before 
joy numinous accountancy within 
something moved on it
the sky changed
brilliant sparkling things
or something flooded
dark waves of shapes
or they were changed
the stars far too bright
brightened behind the sparklings
in or against the sky
among or between the stars
repetitions across the surfaces
always within and always without
the pulling everything among them
joy numinous accountancy within 
it turned or it was turning
it turned or it was turning


===


We're Through


The and tunnels out leading of in New and York out will of be New bombed.
York The will tunnels be leading bombed. in A A small small nuclear
nuclear warhead warhead detonate detonate Jerusalem. Jerusalem. An Israeli
An fighter Israeli crash will Mecca. in Many many planes bombs many fall
bombs on fall off on target. off planes target. and "Targets" will
disappear as as earth earth is is pounded pounded into into annihilation.
annihilation. "Targets" Brooklyn, York, York, be leveled a by
thermonuclear a device. thermonuclear Brooklyn, device. New Neither
cockroaches cockroaches nor nor silverfish silverfish will survive the the
coming coming maelstrom. maelstrom. Neither Manhattan Montreal and
isolated be islands. isolated Major race race riots riots will break out
across the planet. Major Arms be legs off hacked will writing Arms
banished. will electrodes to applied of to men sensitive and areas women.
men electrodes women. be blinded as not world lead goes world blinded goes
will silent not with lead cries. the holocaust last last earth upon
holocaust us. of United States The attack States Medina. will Anti-Arab
Jewish Jewish will occur major major cities. European Anti-Arab cities.
and Pakistan will drop a Kashmir. Pakistan Ka'ba Ka'ba destroyed destroyed
holocaust. holocaust. Washington C. D. will C. be annihilated a weapon. D.
Nuclear up powerplants and up down down Hudson Hudson be detonated.
powerplants North fire Korea nuclear fire at missiles Osaka, at and Seoul,
Tokyo. Osaka, North Tokyo. will Pakistan. United Middle-Eastern
telecommunications systems Middle-Eastern hit. will Saudi Arabia Saudi
Israel attack Iraq. and Mali will Sudan destroyed living and creature.
Sudan annihilate States Baghdad. will Dirty Dirty Egypt Egypt Syria.
Syria. City Street Wall area Street will area be gassed. New Parts Angeles
Los be Angeles destroyed dirty of bomb. Los Golden be Gate hit Bridge by
hit with an The aircraft Golden explosives. Bridge West and Bank Mosque
Mosque Omar Omar be obliterated. West Explosives Explosives level level
Vatican Vatican ground. ground. ground.

===



We'reThroughHeadlines


TheNewYork.A warheadJerusalem.AnIsraeliMecca.Many planes."Targets"
into.Brooklyn,York,. Neither.Manhattan Montreal.Major.Arms hacked..
blinded.. UnitedStatesMedina.Anti-ArabJewish.European
PakistanKashmir.Ka'ba.WashingtonC.D. annihilated.NuclearHudson.North
fireKoreaOsaka,Seoul,Tokyo.Pakistan.Middle-Eastern
telecommunications.SaudiArabiaIsraelIraq.MaliSudan
living.Baghdad.EgyptSyria.CityStreetWall
area.PartsAngelesLos.GoldenGateBridge
aircraft.WestBankMosqueOmar.Explosives Vatican.===


==
death, of deathless
nothing one.  one nothing.
thoughtless thought. thoughtless no thought. mind no all all.
being not-nothing being.
not no-mind thought everything.
enlightenment delusion.
delusionment nothing exists space in exists space in and space time.
delusionment delusion in emptiness.
there inside outside there inside being neither neither nor inside
outside. outside are divisions.
negation.
negation is the of effect no-cow. is effect no-cow. white no-cow the white
effect horse. is horse everything white. many. cow right everything white
many. horse. right the action wrong wrong action. action. mind an right
illusion. action illusion mind.
fire smoke smoke is fire.  white something is name thousand. eighty-four
nothing. thousand. is to world renounce not world world. world.
thoughtless empty. to 9/11


===


plain


i the can't couple stop that wondering jumped about from the the couple
tower, that almost jumped i from can't tower, wondering almost about at
top, holding at hands, the did manage, they, their manage, the their swift
touching, air, through their swift they, air, did minds, they, who their
were connection, connection, of what love, dreams caressing, of minds,
love, who caressing, were desperation,

rushed them what furiously? rushed make no anything form, this, everything
no in form, dread, formless, i everything can't in make dread, anything
they an were, ordinary beginning office an their ordinary minds, office
the day, who registering skin, skin they on talking, skin, fearful,
talking, wind fearful, registering wind on separate separate them? them?
hold hold on, on, could could they? they?


=


ongoing


heaven - earth - black - yellow :: is black, the cosmos - are vast - a
desolate wasteland - sun fills - moon sets in west it's dusk - from 7 to 9
morning constellations - line up - measure word, they spread out cold -
comes - heat - goes - autumn - harvesting - winter - hiding, concealing -
intercalary timing - leftover residue - becomes one tenth - measurement of
years - so lu - bamboo pitches - shift position - open - clouds - ascend,
galloping, - sending - rain - dew - forms - becoming - frost - gold -
gives birth - beautiful - water - jade - emanates Kun mountain - summit -
double-edged dagger - furiously named - huge - gate-tower - pearl - called
- light - darkness - treasure - fruit - plum - apple - many - vegetables -
mustard - ginger - sea - salted - rivers - fresh - fishscales - hidden
depths - feathers - circling above - fire - dragon - emperor - teaching -
phoenix - royal - official - men - beginning - making - writing -
characters - then - uniforms, wearing - robes < clothing - skirts expel -
throne - yield - country - yao - tang - has - predicted - console - people
- strike down - guilty - hold - boundary - talk - and test with scalding -
trying case - at court - query - way - bequeath - bow - doubting -
sections - love - raise hosts - minister - prostrate - army - barbarians -
near - far - reality - ration - guest - returning cries - white - colt -
grazes - there - change - covers - grass weeds - (vegetation) - trust -
attain - myriad (10,000) - directions (square) - covering - person -
issues - (giving to) - four - great - five - (is) normal - respect -
(connector / alone) - rearing - children - flattering - destroys - injures
- women - adore - chastity - unyielding - imitate - pleasing - genius -
know - what passes - certainty - attainment - ability - never - neglect -
deception - other - brief - disintegration - reliance - on self
(self-reliance) - long - faith - cause should - be covered (protect your
faith) tool (utensil) - desire - trouble - (quantity)  measure-word - ink
- (of)  sorrow, sadness - (on silk) - printed (sadness stains poetry -
praise small (lamb) - sheep (sheep) - view, scenery - lines - tied or
lined-up - wisdom - restraint, conquering - study - makes (creates) - sage
- benevolence - ... - name stands [...] - evil - breathing public -
rectification - fit - dwell - leisure - ch'in - 4-stringed instrument -
good - wonderful - question problem - gate - as well - === -


===

   September 1752

Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 
       1  2 14 15 16
17 18 19 20 21 22 23
24 25 26 27 28 29 30

In September, 1752, September 3-13 did not exist.
In September, 1752, September 11 did not exist.
The ghost of the future visits a past 250 years ago.
We did find the couple from the Towers suspended in mid-air,
their skin touching skin, screaming what words in 200-kph wind
rushing towards them, the ground rushing -
floors collapsing in the great container behind them - 
strusses breaking - speed picking up -
as weight is added to weight - but never the speed
of people falling, turned internally to dust and fire -
the charisma of burned flesh - not left, for a moment - whole
and together and identified -
In September, 1752, the collision and recuperation of calenders -
the elimination of these autumnal days -
they're turned around - the future anterior of ghosts -
already visited (everyone's living there)
(everyone's waiting for the earth to start again)

===

 

1752 Su Mo Su Tu Mo We Tu Th We Fr Th Sa Fr 1 2 14 1 15 2 16 14 17 18 17
19 18 20 19 21 20 22 21 23 22 24 25 24 26 25 27 26 28 27 29 28 30 29



====


> New arrival from local loop on line 5.
We're running ourselves into the ground; we're flying in the air -
(5) ? says, "We're running ourselves into the ground; we're flying in the 
air -"
(4) ? says, "Sometimes I think our hands are broken across scriptfiles 
and screens -"
"Are you speaking across the furious air," Lulu said, "or -
(5) ? says, "Are you speaking across the furious air," Lulu said, "or -"
(4) ? says, "Something or someone is coming..."
Someone is leaving; we're all leaving our text behind - what's left
(5) ? says, "Someone is leaving; we're all leaving our text behind - 
what's left"
(4) ? says, "is inscription, ourselves sidewalked, screamed, our names"
smudged, enrollments, listings, scripts, data-basings, the building
(5) ? says, "smudged, enrollments, listings, scripts, data-basings, 
the building"
(4) ? says, "is listing, the building is a list, a whisper, the building"
the phoneme building....
(5) ? says, "the phoneme building...."
/quit
> The conversations you have seen here are not real, they
> are trapped in a world between reality and computer nets...
>  
>    
Connection closed by foreign host.


===


vag.mov


leg-hinges moved on it - brilliant sparkling swollen testicles - or
leg-hinges flooded - dark waves of swollen labia - they moved - they
engorged - or they were engorged - the swellings far too bright -
brightened behind the murmurs - the waves of murmurs - within or between
the swellings - shudderings across the glistenings - protruding and
repeating within the glistenings - within the scent of swollen testicles -
flooding momentarily within them - stuttering within and stuttering
without - within tumescences and distumescences - the pulling everything
within them - open animation, churned cunt your labia, your absorbing
night all - the lips engorged - or leg-hinges flooded - dark waves of
swollen labia - they moved - or they were engorged - the swellings far too
bright - brightened behind the murmurs - the waves of murmurs - within or
between the swellings - shudderings across the glistenings - protruding
and repeating within the glistenings - within the scent of swollen
testicles - stuttering within and stuttering without - within tumescences
and distumescences - the pulling everything within them - w/hole another
one swallowing connecting, meta-balls -


===


vag5.mov


the shapes engorged - the tumor spewed - it emanated from the vaginal area
- it emanated from the prostate - it emanated from the breast - the lungs
- the mouth - sores across labia and scrotum - or they distended - the
swellings far too painful - beyond pleasure the pain - the waves of
murmurs - pain of murmurs - coagulations of bullets and lozenges -
shuddering and swollen - protruding and parasitic emanations - within the
scent of death - within the scent of slow lozenge life - slow bullet life
- the tumescence of life - the pulling down of everything pure in life -
shapes - distortions - spewed tumor - labial death, towards turned images
- it emanated from the vaginal area - it emanated from the prostate - it
emanated from the breast - the lungs - the mouth - or they distended - the
swellings far too painful - beyond pleasure the pain - pain of murmurs -
distortions in the movement of the lozenges - coagulations of bullets and
lozenges - shuddering and swollen - protruding and parasitic emanations -
within the scent of slow lozenge life - slow bullet life - stuttering
within and stuttering without - the tumescence of life - the pulling down
of everything pure in life - it swelled or it was veering -

it swelled or it was veering - the images turned towards death, labial
distortions, dark shapes - emanating, tumors, cancers, skin stretched
bursting -


===


poor

 
i've got a pixel missing on this machine, it's always on, it's always blue
- another's always white - double-star system - dear god - you look up -
you're always there in the stars - you know you're saving everyone - you
know there's reason for all this evil in the world - i'm your secret
friend - i can't get enough of you - you enter my very soul - they're
leaping now from tall buildings - they're burning in fires on the ground -
they're hanging from the trees - they're divided among others - they can't
think very well - dear god - you must save us - all the hurting people -
people fighting and starving - people killing and being killed - so many
sick and dying people - so many animals too and plants too - the screen
stares at me, punctured or fissured; the screen carries its own after-
effects, nimbus and aureole of light - you write on blue against black,
black against gray, yellow against blue - the colors of the troposphere -
sun glaring at all of us - it doesn't know any better - dear god, please
do hide the sun, it is so troublesome for so many of your lowly creatures,
it casts light where there is none, nothing remains of the light, shadows
am too bright, the glare too dark, in the corners many eyes see, many eyes
are blinded - may the sky welcome us - even just against my skin i can
hear them - the computer next to me breathing heavily - producing
animations of untoward, ungodly things - things that everyone desires -
there's a raging storm outside - lasting the batteries - until the frame -
until the last frame - is done, completed - the world going by at twelve
frames a second - you can't imagine - you can't see - you wouldn't believe
- dear god, complementary colors burning into me, i can't speak to you any
more like this, my head is reeling, you must ascend to us - oh, nothing?,
what could possibly be meant - the passage - eternal writing - the
murmuring growing louder - the sounds, furious - Karl loved Gertrud - he
wove his phenomenology around her - she was his star - the indescribable
Cipher of engagement for the two of them - writing them into the ground -
at the limits - dear god, please help Karl and Gertrud - is it always too
late - is sanction the very last thing before the eyes close - we are, we
are losing, worlds - too many wounded - the battle can't go on much longer
- both machines running fans at full-tilt - it isn't enough - the
animation slowing - almost to a halt - i'd settle for grays - zig-zags
across the eyes - dear god, do please listen, i will not thank you, i will
never thank you, you have never done enough, you have never even started -
all the animals burned and buried - the fury of humans, their slaughter -

unsleeping - the screen almost illegible - double-time fans - furious
productions - something freezes, crashes, topples, all those poor people
leaping from the building -



==



The writing


k 1 telnet 127.0.0.1 3000
Trying 127.0.0.1...
Connected to 127.0.0.1.
Escape character is '^]'.

Welcoming

> New arrival from clara on line 4.
/n Karl
> Name set.
> New arrival from clara on line 5.

(5) Gertrud says, "Karl, are you here?"

Yes, Gertrud, I am here; this is writing on the wall, evanescent writing.
(4) Karl says, "Yes, Gertrud, I am here; this is writing on the wall,
evanescent writing."

(5) Gertrud says, "I see the words, but I do not see the hand that writes
them."

It is the same for me. Of those who were weeded out, it is the same for
all of us.
(4) Karl says, "It is the same for me. Of those who were weeded out, it is
the same for all of us."

(5) Gertrud says, "The words read the words; the words write them."

The words, reading and writing one another. As if they are the last words.
(4) Karl says, "The words, reading and writing one another. As if they are
the last words."

(5) Gertrud says, "The only words in this space, the only conceivable
words."

A permanent cipher, nothing of reading, nothing of writing.
(4) Karl says, "A permanent cipher, nothing of reading, nothing of writing."

(5) Gertrud says, "Nothing of translation, of audience; nothing of
comprehension."

What we have to say to one another,
(4) Karl says, "What we have to say to one another,"

(5) Gertrud says, "The words already speaking"

The words already spoken-for
(4) Karl says, "The words already spoken-for"

(5) Gertrud says, "Of longings, yearnings, of good-byes"

Of leaving our signs for one another
(4) Karl says, "Of leaving our signs for one another"

(5) Gertrud says, "Of meetings elsewhere than this evanescent space, this
space of ghosts."

Everywhere and nowhere at all, this
(4) Karl says, "Everywhere and nowhere at all, this"

(5) Gertrud says, "Permanent communion, this"

sign ...
(4) Karl says, "sign ..."


> The conversations you have seen here are not real, they
> are trapped in a world between reality and computer nets...

Connection closed by foreign host.


===


Cien2 Su4 Vun2 (Hakka) Inversion - 


[Ellen Zweig and I continue the translation of the 1000 Character Classic.
In the Chinese examination system, the characters were used to indicate 
the applicant's home lane with its examination cells. Each character is
used once. We translate in accordance with three dictionaries and two
software programs, plus a grammar of T'ang poetry and other assorted aids.
The original is in couplets; after a semi-mythological beginning, the
essay settles into homilies, platitudes, proverbs, advice. It was used as
a study tool, by children learning the characters for the first time.

Here, we find our own rhythm in translation, moving back and forth across
the 4-character lines, assembling and reassembling, searching for tropes
and parallels; suddenly the line is illuminated, and its aura extends to
the next or previous. 

The characters are old-style, not simplified; many are out of date. At
times, in the Japanese software, the character will be combined with
another (main) radical, existing only as a subsidiary remnant. Almost
never does the knowledge of radicals aid in interpretation; it seems, at
least in relation to the Japanese, to be an awkward process of elimination
as well as accumulation.

The best search strategy is the boolean/root system in the Japanese soft-
ware; this can be followed by character combinations in the Chinese soft-
ware. When all else fails, a Chinese dictionary from 1930 is consulted;
with its 10,000 + characters, it works well, in terms of radical and
stroke count. But even here there are problems; characters within have up
to 48 strokes, often drawn in a space smaller than a quarter-inch.

We are un-knowing of Chinese; Ellen is studying it, and I am still use-
lessly pursuing Japanese. But we enter a certain zone in this translation,
a connection with something barely comprehended. For myself, the tenuous
readings of the words plays into my own writing; bridging character to
character is bridging English to English; it is a process of thinking into
the void, not unlike the text itself.

Below is an inversion study in which the translation is first reversed,
then sent through software that eliminates duplicate words, then reversed
again (specifically, tac -> perl program eliminating duplicates -> tac).
The language slowly becomes more coherent towards the end. And we are only
between a quarter and a third of the way through.]

yellow :: heaven black, earth black - cosmos - are vast - desolate
wasteland - moon fills - sun sets west - dusk - 7 9 morning - it's measure
word, they spread line constellations - cold - comes - heat - goes -
autumn - harvesting - winter - hiding, concealing - intercalary timing -
leftover residue - becomes tenth - measurement years - so lu - pitches -
shift position - open - clouds - ascend, galloping, - sending - rain - dew
- forms - becoming - frost - gives gold - beautiful - water - emanates
jade - from Kun mountain - summit - double-edged dagger - furiously named
- huge - gate-tower - pearl - called - light - darkness - fruit - plum -
apple - vegetables - mustard - ginger - sea - salted - rivers - fresh -
fish-scales - hidden depths - feathers - circling above - fire - dragon -
teaching - royal - official - beginning - making - writing - characters -
then - robes uniforms, wearing - skirts < clothing - expel - throne -
yield - country - yao - tang - has - predicted - console - people - strike
down - guilty - hold - boundary - test scalding - trying case - at court -
query - way - bequeath - bow - doubting - sections - love - raise up -
hosts - leaders - minister - prostrate - army - barbarians - near - far -
one - reality - ration - guest - returning to - emperor - phoenix - cries
- bamboo - white - colt - grazes - there - covers - grass weeds -
(vegetation) - trust - attain - a myriad (10,000) - directions (square) -
covering - person - issues - (giving birth to) - four - great - five -
normal - (connector / alone) - rearing - children - (!) - flattering -
destroys - injures - women - adore - chastity - unyielding - imitate -
pleasing - genius - know - what passes - certainty - change - attainment -
ability - never - neglect - talk deception - other - brief -
disintegration - reliance - self (self-reliance) - long - cause faith -
should - be covered (protect your faith) - tool (utensil) - desire - (is)
trouble - (quantity) measure-word - ink - (on sorrow, sadness - printed
(sadness stains silk) - praise poetry - small (lamb) - sheep (sheep) -
view, scenery - lines - tied lined-up - wisdom - restraint, conquering -
study - makes (creates) - sage - benevolence - built - name - stands -
origin - shape - proper (upright) - model - sky - valley - proclaim -
(one's) fame - empty - chamber hall (public room) - learn (review lessons)
- carefully - depends on (is disaster (catastrophe) - accumulation - evil
- blessings (fortune) - (are caused by) - virtuous - happiness - 1/3
(scale, ruler) - bi-jade (circular disk with hole) - negative (un- )  -
treasure - 1/30 meter (measurement, small) - yin (shadow, moon, sexual
organs, feminine, secret) - is (just so) (to be) - emulated (compete with)
- capital - father (parallels) - (business) affairs - supreme ruler -
speak - strictly (accurately) - give - respect - filial piety - serves
(accepts) - of power (the others) - devotion - follows (rules) - end (of)
- life - face (meet, confront) - breathing out - public - rectification -
fit - many - men - dwell - in leisure - the ch'in - 4-stringed instrument
- good - and wonderful - question or problem - gate - [...] - as well -



===


then and now kIlL


then

pulsation bodies / body pulsations
equivalence shuttle-shifting

/[0]+/ { print "it swelled" } /[z]+/ "or the tumor /[y]+/ "bullets moved
on it" /[x]+/ shaped and grew" /[w]+/ "the shapes engorged" /[v]+/ spewed"
/[u]+/ emanated from vaginal area" /[t]+/ prostate" /[s]+/ breast" /[r]+/
lungs" /[q]+/ mouth" /[p]+/ "sores across labia scrotum" /[o]+/ they
distended" /[n]+/ swellings far too painful" /[m]+/ "beyond pleasure pain"
/[l]+/ waves of murmurs" /[k]+/ "pain /[j]+/ "distortions movements in
lozenges" /[i]+/ "coagulations bullets /[h]+/ "shuddering swollen" /[g]+/
"protruding parasitic emanations" /[f]+/ "within scent slow death" /[e]+/
lozenge life" /[d]+/ "slow bullet /[c]+/ "stuttering within stuttering
without" /[b]+/ tumescence /[a]+/ pulling pure down everything /^$/
swelled it or was veering"  i for = ( NF; >= 1; )  i-- )( printf "%s
",$i;printf "\n"; awk: zz:5: ^ unterminated string

now

of names of things, penis-strokes, pluses and minuses, the system of
positive integers minus division - nothing divides - no fractions - no
couplets of form (a,b) - nothing identifiable - clear-cut taxonomies of
flesh in the suppurating body of george w. bush - location of daddy-daddy
- the furious wronging! :there is no radiation in the black hole; there is
nothing; there are no spectral emissions; no surrounding jets; there are
galleries :cutting into the flesh of george w. bush < location of
daddy-mommy > location of daddy-mommy-daddy - first black hole w/ no
detail:NoW I wiLL kILl thEm alL:NoW I wiLL kILl thEm alL

Your penises I will Kill theM ALl is on my deaths
I will Kill theM ALl
Your penises I will Kill theM ALl is on my deaths
I will Kill theM ALl
Your penises I will Kill theM ALl is on my deaths
I will Kill theM ALl
Your penises I will Kill theM ALl is on my deaths
I will Kill theM ALl
Your penises I will Kill theM ALl is on my deaths
I will Kill theM ALl

labor
movements in of movements lozenges" lozenges" { /[i]+/ { "coagulations 
ofxt six monthsok for the stuff next time I'
bullets and /[h]+/ "shuddering print swollen" and /[g]+/ 
/[g]+/-IMPORTANT_Keys for Joannaanu.edu.au/english/internet_txtite so
"protruding "protruding parasitic parasitic emanations" emanations" 
/[f]+/95) The Blue Tapetxtlo.edu wrote:ess," one defined positively to 
incor
W^G Get Help  ^X Send      ^R Rea
Pine finished -- Closed f
g body of george w. bush - location of daddy-daddy - the furious wronging!  
4814? Yes tired 
you have mail in /net/u/6/s/sondheim/.mailspool/sondheimCut Text^
 text is your final enunciation. for aogies O
k16% ls       
Ma
For 4 penises days, we have been growths and written.   venom.ircancel    
N Nosign. Visiting Pr
Send messa
and it has taken you 4.467 minutes to write your last ...  spam
volt.ircper semester: intr
of names of th
flesh in the suppurating body of george w. bush - location of daddy-daddy
tHE fUrIOuS wROngInG!


===



SUPERNATURAL LIFE


  After some reflection I came to the rather startling conclusion that 
thoughts are as supernatural as past history after death. I simply 
discovered to my surprise that thinking is unnatural. I then reflected a 
little more and discovered that I have no day-to-day existence. It is a 
life-to-life existence and life is supernatural.

- Clarice Lispector, Selected Cronicas, p. 77


===


The Coward


Last night I replugged into the dying power-grid, charging cell-phone,
nicads for the digital camera, this laptop. The phone depends on a
secondary grid of towers and antennas; the camera reproduces nothing
without downloading; the laptop connects to a third grid, internetwork-
ing. Generators operate in New York City, across the country; the
generator complex I've seen near Niagara is the largest confluence of
machinery I know. There is an indescribable silence of people, men and
women, behind the scenes, who have designed and built and tested the grids
and technology; these are people of the disappearances to come, the war
already glistening on the horizon.

The cell-phone conveys personal and political pessimisms across country
and countries, one unstable nation-state to another. The digital camera
bears witness, still, to nothing, a reproductive emphasis mainstreamed
into 3d animations and other explorations of language, sexuality, body.
When the war comes, the camera will be there, recording yet another
collapse, perhaps the final one, as humanity has already blasted and
slaughtered its way through much of the ecosphere. 

And the computer, on its dying batteries, will repeatedly attempt to
connect on the broken copper-wire phone-grid; the heroics of the Net in
other wars will reduced to mute and brutal silence as screens flicker out
for the last time. But now the computer conveys otherwise, analysis after
analysis, exposing our government and their government, our evil ruling
class, and theirs, and their intermixing and interbreeding, and their
back-handing deals and kickbacks, and their unconcern for populations of
men, women, and children, as they slide back down into the game of war.

The analysis, like Freud's, is interminable, repetitious, necessary, and
depressing. It is necessary because it enables us to recognize, perhaps
for the last time, the evil humans are capable of. It is interminable
because new facts and situations come to light, as nations move closer to
war, to intolerance, to the right. And it is repetitious, because we have
witnessed all of this before - the duplicity, the violence of language
tending towards material violence, the impending holocaust-to-come.

The question repeatedly returns - what is to be done - beyond the talk and
protest and organizing; the one movement-moment of four hijacked planes
turned the world upside-down, more than any analysis or mass-movement has
ever done. It is not that empire has collapsed; it is that empire has
turned ever more hideous, paranoid, and closed-off, closed-down, taking
its armies and weapons with it. It is not that speech and analysis are
curtailed; it is that speech and analysis are rendered useless,
irrelevant.

So it is clear, just as it was in Imperial Rome, that what is to be done,
is being done-for-us; that it is already in motion, that protest and
accuracy and resistance are as futile as the turning-back of regimes
intent on conflagration.

If one thinks back to Imperial Rome - it was Lucan who died, not Nero;
analysis terminable and interminable would not have stayed the course of
events. What we are working on is the accuracy of our vision, our
witnessing, as if there were a transcendence to truth, as if truth were
part and parcel of natural or instrumental reason. If our analysis stops
at the gate of hopelessness, it does so because, beyond, is nothing but
erasure, and that is already done-for-us - from the internal violence of
transnational corporations, to the enormous lies of power that must, in
order to maintain itself, deceive. 

I am well aware that I am contributing nothing here, that I have nothing
to contribute. At the very least, we need barricades, more and more
barricades; onslaught is slowed by stones and wood...


===

when blinded, blinded, how how valiant, valiant, how war and thy
declarations 
when blow again blow again trumpeter, trumpeter
when blow again blow again trumpeter, trumpeter

conjure - war's conjure alarums. war's thine out, eyes out, 
gouged how out,
how cancers blow legless legless armless, armless, dead
and further dead

nuclear warhead warhead warhead detonate detonate o cities. 
nuclear and many planes and many planes and shadows,
Targets and many planes and Targets

technology; of these the disappearing people to come, 
the disappearing war to come, and technology and disappearing

when the war comes, there will be another war

when recording the war and yet another comes, 
other mute wars and reduced and silent mute screens,
silent mute screens and brutal silence out 
and others other as wars screens will flicker
and reduced and silenced out

to men, slide women, back children, into the game 
slide of war and back of war. 
down men, into women,the game children, 
the children of war
when blow again blow again trumpeter, trumpeter
when blow again blow again trumpeter, trumpeter

and further dead
and reduced and silenced out


===

(for the upcoming conference on Kathy Acker - might be of interest. -
Alan)



The Blue Tape


I was still married to Beth and heard Kathy read and Kathy came and Beth
moved in with Ed and Bernadette had moved out or moved out then and Beth
and I had been together four and a half years more or less. Kathy and I
began writing each other; she placed me in the position of her father; I
thought she was my soulmate. Ed had a copy of her diary; I pasted the
letters in it. Later I gave it to Tom who passed it on to Chris. I don't
know where it is now. Kathy came one night when Beth left and the next day
and next few days were terrible; we made the tapes - there were more than
one - in the midst of the terror. Emily, who had been my student at
R.I.S.D., filmed the materials on an EIAJ black-and-white Sony deck, I
think 3600. They were filmed at my apartment, which Ed's brother Tom, I
think, had found us, on 16h or 17th street; perhaps it was his.

I had been working in video and writing; Kathy had been writing; I sugges- 
ted we do a tape to pay for her coming out from the coast. We got a bit of 
advance booking. Everything fell apart between us. She had worked in Times 
Square; I suggested we explore sexuality on the tapes and she agreed. I'd 
been working on and off in a messy narrative style, which I still do. 
There was no editing beyond starting and stopping the camera. At least one 
of the other tapes was an inverse of the one we showed.

We pushed things as far as we could. I felt needy. I hated myself.

I remember Kathy being suicidal, accidently locked out of the flat when 
Emily and I took a break; she'd wanted to be alone. Neither of us were in 
great shape. I forget whether we made the tapes all that day or over a 
couple of days. I forget the sequence.

We showed the tapes at St. Mark's and there was dead silence afterward.  
Vito was there. I think it was then that Jackson was there as well. Kathy
said You've had your fun, children, now go home. or something to that
effect. People were upset. Jackson said it was a very brave thing you
did. We showed the tape at Yale and everyone laughed. We showed the tape
at R.I.S.D. and everyone cried. At R.I.S.D. we went to an opening and
someone came on to me who had been a student and I wasn't used to that and
she came to the flat on 16th or 17th street and we had a short affair, but
that led to another story. I showed the tape at San Diego, or maybe it was
Cal Arts, or maybe both. I don't remember.

I'd never been able to watch the tape; it was too painful. It still is.
After the California showing, I said I didn't want to show it again, and
Kathy thought that was ok. (We agreed only to show the tape with mutual
consent.) I didn't for years, until it was revived and shown in various
places and I'd moved on and so had she.

I was teaching at Hartford Art School and asked David to take it in for a
grant application; he ran 'the dirty parts' for his students and swore
them to secrecy. One of the students told me, crying hysterically, at the 
end of the year.

Kathy thought I was crazy and I thought she was crazy. Sometimes I'd hear 
a hello from her later on. We did, back at that time, a complex electronic 
piece for WBAI, again about love, control, etc., the usual subjects. It 
went well but I don't think it was broadcast, but then I don't know. 

I don't know where "The Blue Tape" title came from; I don't think we'd 
given it/them titles, but I'm not sure. 

What else? I'm glad the tape's out there and being seen again. There was a
recent article on it on the net; I thought most of it was wrong or slanted
but that's to be expected. Every time it comes up, those days come back to
me.

And those days are long gone. Bernadette didn't speak to me again. I was
with her sister for a while. Vito and I stopped speaking. Around 1977 I
moved out of New York and around 1990 I moved back. A lot has happened
since then.

Alan Sondheim, sondheim@panix.com

Work at http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt 
http://www.furtherfield.org/asondheim/
Trace Projects at http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/index.htm


====



Sutta


What do you want to create? Nikuko.
Nikuko says, "because if you want to hold the aura you hold the aura."
Nikuko says, "the aura blocks and breaks the Antique Mirror."
Nikuko says, "the Antique Mirror is contractually obligated; it is the 
Ancient Mirror."
Ancient Mirror sees no "Mirror" here.
Nikuko says, "To see no Mirror is to see the Mirror."
Ancient Mirror sees no "Ancient Mirror" here.
Nikuko says, "To see no Ancient Mirror is to see the Ancient Mirror."
Ancient Mirror sees no "Antique Mirror" here.
Nikuko says, "To see no Antique Mirror is to see Antique Mirror."
Ancient Mirror doesn't understand that.
Nikuko says, "Polish Mirror"
Ancient Mirror sees no "Mirror" here.
@create Mirror
Creation procedure aborted...
Ancient Mirror doesn't understand that.
Ancient Mirror now has Mirror with object number #1517 and parent generic 
thing (#5).
look Mirror
Ancient Mirror of Ancient Mirror
Nikuko says, "What is Ancient Mirror of Ancient Mirror?"
What do you want to create?
What do you want to create?
   areas of expertise and 
What do you want to create? Basic Objects
What do you want to create? Arts. 
What do you want to create? Mind.
What do you want to create? Origin.
Root Class (#1) is owned by Wizard (#2).
Aliases:  nothing
(No description set.)
Actions:  nothing
(No actions set.)
What do you want to create? Nikuko.
Nikuko
Brooding Buti or Buda / Pest
She is awake and looks alert.
Carrying:
 Budi
 iGirl
Nikuko is awake and alert and creates Nikuko.
Nikuko looks at Ancient Mirror.
Ancient Mirror looks at Nikuko.


===


desperate codes


wait for orders - assassinate now - round them up - burn them alive -
report to headquarters immediately - we're found out! discovered! it's all
over! - they've got nuclear on them - use standing torture if necessary -
don't leave evidence - she disappeared with code0 - this time use a
scatter bomb and make sure it counts - pre-emptive strike - immediate
action - never, ever - kill for pleasure - keep it quiet - cyanide as
usual - we'll kill ourselves - 432 89 1 3 9 9 2 56 4 3 59 8 15 15 13 14 11
death by water torture - wait for orders - assassinate now - round them up
- burn them alive - report to headquarters immediately - we're found out!
discovered! it's all over! - code 6! code 6! - they've got nuclear on them
- use standing torture if necessary - don't leave evidence - she
disappeared with code0 - this time use a scatter bomb and make sure it
counts - pre-emptive strike - immediate action - never, ever - kill for
pleasure - keep it quiet - cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 6 111
09 09 28918 0564783 192834 0 84 4 12

death by water torture - wait for orders - assassinate now - round them up
- burn them alive - report to headquarters immediately - we're found out!
discovered! it's all over! - code 6! code 6! - they've got nuclear on them
- use standing torture if necessary - don't leave evidence - she
disappeared with code0 - this time use a scatter bomb and make sure it
counts - pre-emptive strike - immediate action - never, ever - kill for
pleasure - keep it quiet - cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 1 2 4
3 2121 32 1 900 77 8 6 6 6 52 4234 3 death by water torture - wait for
orders - assassinate now - round them up - burn them alive - report to
headquarters immediately - we're found out! discovered! it's all over! -
code 6! code 6! - they've got nuclear on them - don't leave evidence - she
disappeared with code0 - this time use a scatter bomb and make sure it
counts - pre-emptive strike - immediate action - never, ever - kill for
pleasure - keep it quiet - cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 5 32
1 0 8 8 7 2 4 2 3 8 6 7 5 43 -- 1 23 1 5 234 death by water torture - wait
for orders - assassinate now - round them up - burn them alive - report to
headquarters immediately - we're found out! discovered! it's all over! -
code 6! code 6! - they've got nuclear on them - don't leave evidence - she
disappeared with code0 - this time use a scatter bomb and make sure it
counts - pre-emptive strike - immediate action - never, ever - kill for
pleasure - keep it quiet - cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 8 6 7
6 43 12 0 0 8 7 4 6 52 14 12 1 6 1 2 3

wait for orders - assassinate now - round them up - burn them alive -
report to headquarters immediately - we're found out! discovered! it's all
over! - code 6! code 6! - they've got nuclear on them - use standing
torture if necessary - don't leave evidence - she disappeared with code0 -
this time use a scatter bomb and make sure it counts - pre-emptive strike
- immediate action - never, ever - kill for pleasure - keep it quiet -
cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 7 5 2 4 1 3 1 2 9 8 8 6 5 4 3 2
death by water torture - wait for orders - assassinate now - round them up
- burn them alive - report to headquarters immediately - we're found out!
discovered! it's all over! - code 6! code 6! - they've got nuclear on them
- use standing torture if necessary - don't leave evidence - she
disappeared with code0 - this time use a scatter bomb and make sure it
counts - pre-emptive strike - immediate action - never, ever - kill for
pleasure - keep it quiet - cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 3 9 0
2 7 4 4 2 8 7 6 2 5 1 9 9 death by water torture - wait for orders -
assassinate now - round them up - burn them alive - we're found out!
discovered! it's all over! - they've got nuclear on them - use standing
torture if necessary - don't leave evidence - she disappeared with code0 -
this time use a scatter bomb and make sure it counts - pre-emptive strike
- immediate action - never, ever - kill for pleasure - keep it quiet -
cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 1 2 3 2 1 0 0 9 4 6 1 1 8 6 2 3

wait for orders - don't leave evidence - she disappeared with code0 - this
time use a scatter bomb and make sure it counts - pre-emptive strike -
immediate action - never, ever - kill for pleasure - keep it quiet -
cyanide as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 1 round them up - pre-emptive
strike - immediate action - 3 assassinate now - this time use a scatter
bomb and make sure it counts - 2 code 6! code 6! - 7 wait for orders -
don't leave evidence - she disappeared with code0 - this time use a
scatter bomb and make sure it counts - pre-emptive strike - immediate
action - never, ever - kill for pleasure - keep it quiet - cyanide as
usual - we'll kill ourselves - 11 assassinate now - this time use a
scatter bomb and make sure it counts - 2 round them up - pre-emptive
strike - immediate action - 3 use standing torture if necessary - 9 death
by water torture - don't leave evidence - 0 death by water torture - don't
leave evidence - 0 we're found out! discovered! it's all over! - cyanide
as usual - we'll kill ourselves - 6

we'll kill you! - we'll kill you!


===



give up you cowards.  talk secret talk 


24 4147497836.  074 64836 94 207.  203349 8945 89.  97830 45 97474
2058901094.  2438587024 97447848.  20927 407 423 50794 974 9784148.  
140098501.  1740898 033 24208 87834.  803 88 141414 94304.  02981894.
83947349 7022836 2897 342 41474434 83947349. 90108 90108.  2811 9489 2149
4221034 67409 34348 8394388582098438.  970385472 903341 7430330324 7409478
8471478.  0334734097 574942418.  5011 709743 547 6414732439.  011
64147324398 142074.  17014  

we everything.

are going to war.  cannot stop it.  think of there capitulate.

conspiracy theories.  watch our own party the thieves.  beautiful.  
breasts and cocks shiny.  sun is lovely

today.  activity.

internet humming with new everyone internet.

talks talks.  will test clot occlude great nodes intensifications.  
transform 

tunnel redundancy routers servers.  underneath protocols.  
full hatred for government.  all governments beware.

brave


===



Transmission of David Koresh, modified from the SEALS:


 Of the Mt. world Carmel as and lovers face of the Christ. world Chapter
as One lovers of Christ. Carmel Chapter and One face -

 For For in in the Christ, we've we've seen seen a a bride, bride, Of whom
Christ thas Christ loved.has Scripture was tells convicted us of that the
Pilate truth was in convicted Christ, truth tells be misunderstood, most
being misunderstood, the being of Revelation Christ his seven writings
churches seven John churches in Asia. Christ will and dealt Christ Lamb a
slain.  Christ Here as revelation our slain. glorified be not made
himself. [ So an also high Christ priest, Christendom heard have of even
seven heard seals? seals? Christendom Why by Christ power the Truly
Saviour, only between Saviour, man Mediator Truly between Christ man is
Likewise, the it seven true by opening is seals it much of Christ. ]

 But nature it (Christ), pen my of (God's) a tongue ready pen we ready my
receive Christ grace is found capable therein. Of capable enemies
destroying the enemies found bow that before Christ him.  Shall what ride
house; King King thy (Christ) beauty; greatly for desire father's beauty;
so important Christ, God, church? or While church? To While God, on or
Christ sardine the stone.  This stone one to same referred stone and
referred one to.  What So the again Father reminded Christ gives again
seals, Christ, righteousness for Word, in promised Christ verse His 17,
Christian the [way] him know in him the Word the reveals like now And time
(5:5).  Traditional Traditional Christianity Christianity mysterious with
do ``Christ.'' use of term has ``Christ.'' To however, focus Prophets
prophets this foretold Christ. Another who ``Christ,'' would Branch at
David, end would of appear another at ``Christ,'' end Branch anointed,
made rides King 45:10-17). Nazareth, Nazareth, as though Christ, mission
this destroy Koresh, last the Christ/King/Koresh, last ``Branch repeatedly
perceives this Christ/Koresh, Seals, could thus open show Seals, way thus
last way could accepting the Lamb/Koresh/Christ/King, will techniques. He
He closes closes using <h>mashiach</>, is ``Christos,'' from get our so,
one accurately say say that ancient ``Christ.'' Persian called king
Christ. Koresh to claimed Persian biblical terminology in ``Christ'' this
``Babylon.'' Christians early quite Christians fond were of quite the fond
same later Christian, Christian, have proclaimed the imminent ``end''
``end of'' (i.e., the Christ), or Branch David. Koresh millennial Christ
reign which follow. Are events reign backdrop book Revelation.  Were Not
Christians back 2000 over years, 2000 in years, which Jewish Christian
groups over presented problems problems for church enemy coming the that?  
Even didn't he think Jesus thought Christ, is, based one, he based was
references Christ. Further, thought if he remember the heavenly work work
of Christ?  These statements alone alone remember loved be faithful
Christ. ``Servants He Christ'' coming out. But faithful Claimed time FBI
the quotes first Christ</>, should said set should building set on
building (?). fire Christ</>, (?). said March report 6, quotes report
claiming claiming Christ,

 Mystery this Him?'' and First Jesus all, which which First God of gave
High Here God. Of These which reveal His His God. [ So not also himself
which such of [ Blessed of Father who, Lord [Blessed who, God according
and but nature it (Christ), pen my of (God's) a tongue ready pen we ready
my writer.'' (God's) we is foretelling foretelling determined determined
shall bow ride before white is horse it therefore God thy anointed so
important Christ, God, church? or While church?  to While God, on or
pointing passage hearers pointing (His hearers In Rock we (His see God).
old, of called This ``Son like God'' of he that maintained prophets -

Sending
 
ww yy zz ww1 char hui zz DEVIANCE.TXT cybersoma.doc ww altoona.txt ww
SONDHEIM.LTR SONDHEIM.PRO ww1 worm

Receiving

altoona.txt mp mp mp HAVEN.TAR PRISM.ZIP SEALS.TXT ZONE.TAR aba.txt
cybrpoet.txt mp mp mp mp mp mp millen.txt mp netintro shortbio


===


out of nowhere


aaa aaaaaa aaaaaaaaa aaaaa aaa aa aaaaaaa. aaa aaaaaa aaaaaaaaa aa aaaa
aaaaaaa. aaa aaaaaaaaaa aa aaaa aa. aa aaa aaa, aaaa. aaa aaaaaaaaa aaaaaa
aaa aaaaa aa aaaaaaaa. aa aaaa aa aaaaaaaa aaaa aaa aaa aaaaa. aa aaaaaaa
aa aaa aaaaaaaaaaa aa aaaaaaaa aaaaaaaa 'aa aaaa aaaaaaaaaaa.' aa aaaaa
aaa aaa aaaaaaaa. aa aaaaa aaaa aaaaaaaaa aaaaa aaa aa aaaaaaa aaa aaaaaaa
aa aaaaaaa. aa aaa aaa aaaaa aa aaa. aaaa aaaaaaaa aaaa aaaa aaaaaaaa.
aaaaa aaaaaa aaaaaaaaaa aaaa. aaaaa aaaaaa aaaa aaaaa aaaa. aa aaaa aaa
aaaa. aaaaaaaa aa aaaaaaa.

aaa aaaaaa aaaaaaaaa aaaaa aa aaaa aaaa aaa aaaa aaa aaaaa. aaa aaaaa
aaaaa aaa aaa aa aa. aaa aaaaaa aaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaa aaa. a aaaa aaaaa aa
aaaa aaaaa. aa aaaa aaa aaaaaa aa aa aa aaa aa aa aaaaa aa aaaa aaaaaa aa
aaaaaaaa. aaaaaaaa aaaaaa aaaaaaaa. aaaaa aaa aaa aaaaa aaaa aa. aaaa aaaa
aaaaaaa. aaaa aaaa aaaaaaa aa aaa.

abb aabaaa abbaaabaa abbba bba ba ababaaa. abb aabaaa abbaaabaa ab aaab
ababaaa. abb aabaaaaaab aa baba ba. aa aba aba, abba. abb abbaaabaa bbabba
abb abaab ba babbabab. ab aaab aa abaaaaaa abab abb bbb aaaba. ab abbbbab
aa abb abaabbbbbba ba babbbbba baabaaba 'ba baaa abaabbaaaba.' ab ababa
abb aba aaaabaab. ab ababa abaa bbbaaaaaa abbba bba ba ababbbb aaa bbabbaa
ab ababbbb. ab abb abb abbba ab aab. baaa aababaab aaaa aaba aababaab.
abbab bbaaaa baabbaaaaa abaa. abbab bbaaaa baab abbab aabb. ab baab bbb
aabb. babbabab aa aaaaaaa.

abb aabaaa abbaaabaa aaaaa ab baaa aaab baa abba aaa baaaa. baa aaaba
bbaaa bab bab ba ba. abb aabaaa abbaaabaa aabaaaaba bab. a aaaa abaab ba
aaaa abbaa. aa abba aba baaabb aa aa aa bab bb aa babbb bb baaa babbba bb
babbabab. aababaab bbbbaa aababaab. abbab bba aaa abbba aaaa aa. abba aaaa
ababaaa. abba aaaa ababaaa aa aaa.

abb cabcca cbbccabaa cbdbc bba bc ababcaa. abb cabcca cbbccabaa ab caab
ababcaa. abb acbcaccccb cc bcba bc. cc aba aba, abba. abb cbbccabaa bbabbc
abb abaab bc bcbbcbab. ab cccb ca cbacaaaa cbab cbb bbb cccbc. ab abbdbcb
ca abb abcabbbbbba bc babbdbbc dacbcabc 'bc dacc abcabbcacba.' ab cbaba
abb aba caaabaab. ab cbaba abaa bbbaaccac cbdbc bba bc ababbbb aaa bbabbac
ab ababbbb. ab abb abb abbba ab acb. bacc ccbcbacb accc cabc ccbcbacb.
abbcb bbacac baabbcaaaa abaa. abbcb bbacac bcab abbcb acdb. ab bcab bbb
acdb. bcbbcbab cc aacacaa.

abb cabcca cbbccabaa aaaac ab bccc acab bcc abdc aaa baaac. bcc acabc
bbcaa bcd bab bc bc. abb cabcca cbbccabaa cabaaacbc bcd. c accc abcab dc
caca abbac. ca abbc aba daaabb cc ca cc bcd bb aa babbb bb daac babbbc bb
bcbbcbab. ccbcbacb bbbbac ccbcbacb. abbcb dba aaa abdba aaaa ca. abbc aaaa
ababcaa. abbc aaaa ababcaa aa acc.

abe fabccd ceefcdeaa cbgef bba bf ababcaa. abe fabccd ceefcdeaa ab caab
ababcaa. abe acbcaffcfe cf bcba bf. cf aba abd, dbea. abe ceefcdeaa bedeef
abe deaab bf eceefbae. de fcce ca cbafaaaa feae fbe bbe fccef. de aeegbfe
ca abe aecabbbebbd bf eabegbbf gacbcaef 'bf gaff defaebcacba.' de feaea
abe aed faaabaae. de feaea abaa bebaafcaf cbgef bba bf abdbeee aad eeabeaf
ab abdbeee. de dbb aee abbba ab dce. baff ccbfeace dcff fabc ccbfeace.
abefe beafaf badeefaaad abaa. abefe beafaf bcde abece acge. de bcde bbe
acge. eceefbae cf dacacaa.

abe fabccd ceefcdeaa daaaf ab ecff dcab bcf aegf aad baadf. bcf acdef
becaa bcg bae bf bf. abe fabccd ceefcdeaa faeaaafef bcg. c dcff decae gf
fafa dbedf. ca dbef aba gaaaee cf ca cf bcg be aa babee be gaaf babeef be
eceefbae. ccbfeace beeedf ccbfeace. abefe gea aad dbgea daaa ca. abef daaa
ababcaa. abef daaa ababcaa aa aff.

ghe fghcid ceefideag cbmef bhg bf abghiag. ghe fghcid ceefideag gb iagb
abghiag. ghe acbcallcfe if hcba hf. if abg abj, jhea. ghe ceefideag bedeef
ghe deagh bf eieelbae. je liie ia cbafgaag feae fbe bhe liief. je geemble
ia ghe aeighbbebbd bf eabembhf machiaef 'bf maff defgehcgiba.' je leaea
ghe aej laaghage. je leaea ghag behgaligl cbmef bhg bf abjheee aad eegheaf
gb abjheee. je jhb aee abbhg gb die. ball iibleace jill fgbc iibleace.
ghefe beafgf hadeefgaad ghag. ghefe beafgf bide gheie gime. je bide bhe
gime. eieelbae if jaigiag.

ghe fghcid ceefideag jaagf gb kill jigh hif aemf aad haadf. hif aidef
beiag him bae bf hf. ghe fghcid ceefideag fgeaaglef him. i jill jeige ml
lafg jbedf. ig dbef abg maggee if ig if him be aa bghee be maal bgheef be
eieelbae. iibleace beeedf iibleace. ghefe mea aad jbmea jaag ig. ghel jaag
abghiag. ghel jaag abghiag ag all.

the stupid president comes out of nothing. the stupid president go into
nothing. the apocalypse is upon us. if not now, when. the president orders
the death of everyone. we live in constant fear for our lives. we tremble
in the neighborood of enormous machines 'of mass destruction.' we learn
the new language. we learn that brutality comes out of nowhere and returns
to nowhere. we who are about to die. only violence will stop violence.
these beasts understand that. these beasts bide their time. we bide our
time. everyone is waiting.

the stupid president wants to kill with his arms and hands. his aides
bring him one of us. the stupid president strangles him. i will write my
last words. it does not matter if it is him or an other or many others or
everyone. violence breeds violence. these men and women want it. they want
nothing. they want nothing at all.

   
===



i write always from the position of a dying man
- but you're still alive
- but i'm always dying

all of sondheim's writing is about his death; he goes on about it.
- but he's still alive
- he's still writing about his death

sondheim writes about nothing else other than death.
- he's not even dead
- he just keeps writing about it

all of sondheim's writing is about his death; he goes on and on about 
it.ettime-l.  (2842) Priming the ne
- he's just priming

sondheim writes about nothing else other than sex and 
death.tuallyESCRIPTIONNTIRE surfing 
- he's just surfing

all of his pieces are the work of a dying man
- he's been doing that for years
- he's been dying for years

states PLUS Canada! Globes
sondheim writes about nothing else other than doaned viewers  aware 
- he's been aware for years

- he's just surfingacter set.  ]see   
Both look cool, but it will take more
- he's been looking cool for years

all of sondheim's writing is about his death; he goes on and on about 
it.io] brower award
- he's been awarded for years

all of his work is about his death
- it's all he thinks about 
- he's been thinking about dying for years


===


the court beauty

the transformation of the translation so far, and then we went and found 
another black-throated blue warbler, green heron, black-and-white warbler, 
nashville warbler, muscovie duck, swans, canadian geese, robins, blue- 
jays, kingfishers, swifts (i am certain of it), grey catbirds, puff-balls, 
the largest ginko i've ever seen -

a desolate wasteland - adore all myriad (10,000) ancient laws and - bow
far injures (and pure) (and)  stop test with scalding valley wonderful
(an)  orchid(s) another (a)  pine(s) apple (are caused by) reflection are
vast ascend ascend, galloping, as - well at court attain attainment bamboo
pitches barbarians beautiful beautiful, beauty be aware of becomes one
tenth becoming - covered (protect your faith) beginning beginnings
benevolence bequeath bi-jade (circular disk hole) circular black blessings
(fortune) business (by means of)  through called carefully chamber hall
(public room) change characters chastity circling above clear
(transparent) clouds cold colt comes comfort, music (connector / alone)
console contain (form) covering - covers cries dawn (early in the morning)
deception deliberate depends on (is destroys determination devotion dew
diction (classical rhetoric) directions (square) disaster - (catastrophe)
doubting dragon dwell earth eliminate emanates - out emulated (compete
with) enlist (membership) expel face (meet, - confront) faith feathers
filial piety fishscales fit five flattering ** flourish flows follows
(rules) forms foundation four fragrance fresh from 7 to 9 morning Kun
mountain - frost furiously named gate gate-tower genius gentleness ginger
give gives birth (giving to) goes gold good government grass weeds grazes
great greatly happiness has heaven hidden depths hold if imitate addition
autumn increase - disintegration leisure intercalary timing winter (is)  
brief is built close, extreme (just so) ((to be) long normal) printed
(sadness stains silk) issues trouble it's - measure word, they spread dusk
jade know learn - (review lessons) life lightly like lines line up love
makes (creates) making many measurement years men minister model mustard
near negative (un- ) neglect never nothingness not (un) obey ability
children darkness desire (of)  evil official fruit power (the others)
shape sorrow, sadness study father (parallels) guest supreme ruler (of
the)  wild pear (one is)  thinking (one's)  fame (on self (self-reliance))
open pleasing plum poetry poverty precious predicted proclaim proper
(upright) prosper prospers prostrate prudent public (quantity)  measure-
word query question or problem rain raise - ration reality recitation
(poem, song) rectification reliance respect restraint, conquering
returning robes < clothing salted say sending serves (accepts) sheep
(sheep) shift position should - sincerity, fidelity skirts sky small
(lamb) so lu speak stands - stopping (ceaselessly) strictly (accurately)
strike down summit take (create) talk tang teaching accumulation army
boundary (business)  affairs capital cause certainty ch'in constellations
cosmos country deep (the)  (abyss) double-edged dagger emperor empty end
fire guilty harvesting heat hiding, concealing hosts huge ink leaders
leftover residue light moon fills then name origin other pearl people
person phoenix praise - rake there rearing river rivers royal sage sea
sections sun sets west sweetness throne tool (utensil) treasure value
pride way white this tied lined-up (to)  service tread (put shoes) trust
trying case uniforms, wearing unyielding vegetables (vegetation) view,
scenery virtuous warm water what - passes wisdom (with) quiet, peaceful
women work writing yao yellow :: black, yield yin (shadow, moon, sexual
organs, feminine, secret)...


===


Speaker remnant


Speaker fades in from Entry Point and joins you.
Speaker says, "I'll be Alan's words ..."
Speaker says, "Martin typing them ..."
Speaker says, "One case which resulted in netsex that recuperated a 
Speaker says, "At times netsex can be completely overwhelming ... "
Speaker says, "Part of it the 'command structure'  ..."
Speaker says, "The ASCII unconcoous ..."
Speaker says, "ignore my spelling"
Speaker says, ""I can't type half as fast as Alan, even though I do it 
Speaker says, "text emerges as parts of past, childhood ... interjections 
Speaker says, ""Part objects .."
Speaker says, """The power of Netsex ... not trivial ..."
Speaker says, "Joining subjects across the wall of language .."
Speaker says, "defining ... truth ... idea of true speech and the genuine 
Speaker says, "primordial objectivity ... "
Speaker says, "kant ..."
Speaker says, "Questions about Kant ..."
Speaker says, "A state of primitive fusion and confusion .."
Speaker says, "Temptation of St Antoine .."
Speaker says, "Cyberspatial buzzing .... huge amounts of ..."
Speaker says, "Excretion's featured a few times ... not that zone ..."
Speaker says, "not = note"
Speaker says, "Confusions of identity .... @gender commands ..."
Speaker says, "Control faction ... moviong backwards and forwards from 
Speaker says, "ss"
Speaker says, "tremendous sexualisaion of the internet as a whole ..."
Speaker says, "Most non-moderated spaces show this ..."
Speaker says, "Sexualisation ... desires implicit just about everywhere 
Speaker says, "16 minutes ... 4 to go "
Speaker says, "language loses its formal syntactic structure ..."
Speaker says, "Raviushment becomes the unravelling of language..."
Speaker says, "Woman he knew who would short out the keyboard with her 
Speaker says, "Streams of characters ..."
Speaker says, "fbnu bgyf hgf hgf hf hgbfh jgthrjigbtrubigperhbubhuehtuig 
Speaker says, "Ah, tht's better."
Speaker says, "cu-seeme is more uncanny and disturbing  than y-talk ..."
Speaker says, "Silence of cu-seeme ... uncanny ... uncomfortable ... 
Speaker says, "faces erupt in different direction .."
Speaker says, "recognition ..."
Speaker says, "didn't get to death on the internet ..."
Speaker says, "Tomorrow: Michael Current's fdeath ..."
Speaker says, "Thankyou ..."
Speaker recieves applause ..
Speaker says, "... cleaning up ..."
Speaker says, ""Jerry asks about Kant ... Alan thought he meant something 
Speaker says, "It is."
Speaker says, "carry sexuality beyond what happens in Alan's real life .."
Speaker says, "as it becomes more real ... series of exchnages ..."
Speaker says, "list ... priovate mail .. ."
Speaker says, "more emotional .."
Speaker says, "relationshiop ..."
Speaker says, "phone call "
Speaker says, "phone sex ..."
Speaker says, "y-talk ..."
Speaker says, "photos ..."
Speaker says, "peices of hair ..."
Speaker says, "souvenirs ..."
Speaker says, "anything ..."
Speaker says, "Small animals .."
Speaker says, "Oh yes, panties ..."
Speaker says, "That was a typo  . ..."
Speaker uses the word "coagulation" a lot ...
Speaker says, "Question intimates that Jerry ta;ling and Alan typing was 
Speaker says, "like dria"
Speaker licks Dria ever so slowly.
Speaker says, "Richness of net.sex "
Speaker says, "Turn off the computer ... left with own reflection in 
Speaker says, "Different movements ..."
Speaker says, "y-talk is like two bodies separated by 
Speaker says, "Ari says even email is theatrical .."


===


1000 character classic cinema


there is always a vacancy ... as if a thousand motion-picture projectors
were all going at once ... as if a thousand screens were dissolving simul-
taneously several thousand already dead, but excuse me - the applause from
an audience of thousands - her staring is uncanny, almost as if applause
from an audience of thousands, degradation beyond thousands, degradation
beyond you, fear sexual freedom more than from an audience of thousands -
your understanding of revolution depends on applause from an audience of
thousands.

they dead foundations thousand character classic. terms utilized: kindness
womenservants restored thousand reproved prayed healed fast wombs nothing.
thousand. is to world renounce not world world. world.

thousands of millions of hundreds of thousands of eighty-four thousands of
tens of thousands of hundreds of eighty-four thousands of millions of
hundreds of and tens of thousands of eighty-four hundreds of millions.

if there is one thin wire, there are thousands in these matters, thousands
of thin wires: think of them, each labeled and very long.

eight hundred sixty-two thousand. six hundred forty-two thousand. seven
thousand. ten-thousandths. twenty-seven thousand. eight thousand. five
hundred forty-four thousand. seven thousand. ten-thousandths.


===


why codework


wary of any art movement tending towards genre, not that the two are 
simultaneous or even related. there are limits to codework; on one hand 
the code itself, on the other the process the code sends - what - through 
- text/image/subject/object/monad/desire - think of it as retinal 
filtering - that is the isolation, production, and naming of objects 
within the continuum of the world - it's both structure and generative 
process - the latter tending towards ontology. 

what is, is the domain of production - the input, to the extent that it is 
text/image etc. - i.e. not generated within the program itself - is 
parasitic, the third term within the communication process - on one hand 
traditional 'content' - on the other - 'noise' within the system that 
modifies and is modified by the output.

i tend to think of this in terms of two large-scale operations - that of 
consciousness and its relation to inputting and outputting - fuzzy and 
rough domains at best - not a behavior analysis - but one stressing the 
interpretation and phenomenology of consciousness within the filter - 
seeing this as the way the world is, that is to say the relationship of 
consciousness to the world is vis-a-vis formal and informal systems in 
which filtering/language produces discrete elements in relation to 
consciousness on one hand and the world on the other - 

and then again - the second large-scale operation - that of the universe - 
plasma, virtual particles - the disruptions and collusion/collocation of 
structures - momentary buildups, impediments - codework at the limits in 
other words connecting, a connector among others, between self and cosmos 
- without descent into the mu of zazen for example - or ma, space/interval 
- looking at correlated particles for example in relation to, but not 
always, the space between them -

so that there is a production of meaning, the gleaning from across all of 
this - structure, process, the parasitic - it's the production that is 
also an inhabitation and interpretation by consciousness - it's the 
situation of being-human in the world - it's worlding itself - 

at least this is how it seems to me, the movement-genre is irrelevant - 
what's important is the exploration of consciousness and the relationship 
among articulated entities in the world - there's something of cognitive 
psychology to this (but messier) and something of art as well (but more 
exact, almost uncomfortable, diacritical) -

not a movement or genre but the loose domain or pooling of the confluence 
of structure and content (in the traditional sense), subject and object 
(in the traditional sense), i and not-i (in the traditional sense) - 
dichotomy itself - or the very nature of distinction - the sheffer stroke 
or its dual for example as the basis - neither a nor b - not both a and b 
- already tending towards the quantum mechanics of superimposition and the 
phenomenology of the gesture -


===


the newest of all languages

acta ntaeth eralterialtiteesriAmid aharound saravat BB Sbi oom
bricolbragiceolbushcastracadracdro mCE NCerechor aclot
coheconcreiencllcoocllioatnsioComp aqlicocimptlisnessesensusualitierdon cu
CybermCyinbecyrscypabecersbo rgd'uz na ladeexcaisthtrtrucucfldefu
geDerrsiccdeedccdhtm ldidihrhrlylyyhreget
ffanffsasassssiaiangngnvnvnnecogecefemtsemizpapsps
ululcenepmeepevglevaderpepeivnsusexfamifaas
sctuscfefoedrwfofictlmmafikelmrmakstof
waurgegigabygigrneidhalfhapooupthehiel fhiaphihorc hyhoht mltpearrtylii'
veeoidamgrikimlempxidern rpenojojpiizjavaJe jennif jiujijouijudglukanj
Keba kw Laualaun gu nu xcrmiowcrldormohsmsMtmuicltulsm MynoNa
ighbhborodingNeopsiniku koNi'sNiNY Coeuv
PankrertrtysgspephpeytrirlpneupnspmoprqbRN AruSagdhSato
wgxuseakuhshawimgnskeiSnoxsobgsuuprooiupdsoibjbjvi vibtSydmSyxolsteAc
pipium UR LLsvoVR MLwebboa Webptwwowrww wyazaze

===



a newer language

act antaet - antaet heralt - heralt eri - eri tiesAmi - tiesAmi daharo -
daharo undsava - undsava tartarsBBSbiomesbri - tartarsBBSbiomesbri col -
col - act - agebus hidocas - hidocas tra - tra tedcd - tedcd cdromCENCen -
cdromCENCen trechoraclotscoh - trechoraclotscoh ere - ere nciesloc -
nciesloc ati - ati - agebus - onscomCom sci - paqpli ous - citcon nes -
sci sessen - ous sua - nes lit - sessen iescor - sua donscuntcuntsCyb -
lit onscomCom - iescor paqpli - donscuntcuntsCyb - citcon - erm paceorgd'e
- indcyb ruzad'n - ers aladec - paceorgd'e ath - ruzad'n existru - aladec
ctedctiondee - ath rfl - existru def - ctedctiondee erm - rfl indcyb - def
- ers - ugeDer ridades - ridades icc - icc ateddhtmldia - ateddhtmldia chr
- chr oni - oni callyonydie - callyonydie gesisgeticdif - gesisgeticdif
fer - fer - ugeDer - anceenddis est - ass menttan - oci tia - atinginv
tioneco - est log - menttan eff - tia usi - tioneco ema - log anceenddis -
eff ass - usi oci - ema - atinginv - nantseme ncesemp - rge eticizedenc -
ncesemp aps - eticizedenc ula - aps tionsent - ula asicepi - tionsent
stemeeve - asicepi rgl - stemeeve nantseme - rgl - rge - adesexp asisens -
ialsext ivityrus - asisens ionsfam - ivityrus ili - ionsfam alityfan - ili
tasmtas - alityfan micfas - tasmtas cia - micfas adesexp - cia - ialsext -
tusfee ityfil - dfo mma - rwardfic kermst - tiv ockfin - ityfil ger - mma
boardfoo - kermst fwageo - ockfin mat - ger tusfee - boardfoo dfo - fwageo
rwardfic - mat - tiv - icsges dli - tur hal - allygig fgr - aby oup -
tesgri oidhem - dli ipt - hal erahir - fgr selfhis - oup icsges - oidhem
tur - ipt allygig - erahir aby - selfhis - tesgri - tor rap - iog hieshol
- rap archyhtmhtmlhttphyp - hieshol err - archyhtmhtmlhttphyp eal - err
i'di'mi'veide - eal ogr - i'di'mi'veide ammariko - ogr tor - ammariko -
iog - nicima omp - gin letesexi - ariesimm cal - ivi inf - inc orm - omp
aticsint - letesexi erneterp - cal ene - inf nicima - orm gin - aticsint
ariesimm - erneterp ivi - ene - inc - tingroj nagijav - ect asc - ispiza
riptJenjen - nagijav niferjis - asc atsujou - riptJenjen iss - niferjis
jud - atsujou gme - iss tingroj - jud ect - gme - ispiza -
ntaljulukanjiKeb - arakwatLacanlan - dbi ntaljulukanjiKeb - rdsgua
arakwatLacanlan - ginglej dbi - eunelig - rdsgua - uuslinuxrilymac
hinicmag - hinicmag atamamed - atamamed ias - ias miamirow - miamirow
orldsmor - orldsmor phingphsms - phingphsms Mt - Mt mul - mul -
uuslinuxrilymac - tic ukanak - ult asu - ura kaw - lismsMyo
abatananoNaranar - ukanak rat - asu ologynei - kaw ghb - abatananoNaranar
orh - rat tic - ologynei ult - ghb ura - orh - lismsMyo - ood rop - ingNet
hys - scapeneu iol - rop ogiesnik - hys ukoNik - iol uko'snos - ogiesnik
tal - ukoNik giasNYCoeu - uko'snos ood - tal ingNet - giasNYCoeu -
scapeneu - vreoff lineane - lineane llesPan - llesPan ama - ama
renkopanixpar - renkopanixpar pay - pay sagepee - sagepee ringsper -
ringsper iph - iph - vreoff - ytonperlpha eno - nta istpne - smsphe umo -
nom sph - eno poo - istpne lingspos - umo tmo - sph dernder - poo
ytonperlpha - lingspos nta - tmo smsphe - dernder - nom - nismnitypri tol
- dialspro ang - tol uageqba - ang sicrea - uageqba lsp - sicrea acerti -
lsp cul - acerti ationreb - cul nismnitypri - ationreb - dialspro -
irthsreg imensrei - imensrei nsc - nsc ribedrip - ribedrip rillsRNArot -
rillsRNArot iferarun - iferarun nelsSag - nelsSag dishsat - dishsat orisaw
- orisaw - irthsreg - grasssedsem emessex - emessex ual - ual itiessha -
itiessha kuh - kuh achimisenshe - achimisenshe ffershi - ffershi men - men
awanjuusig - awanjuusig - grasssedsem - nif nif - ierssionsske
ierssionsske - ininginsSno ininginsSno - xflyson xflyson - dheimsou
dheimsou - rcessspamste rcessspamste - ntorstr ntorstr - oma - oma -
itesub susanSys - gro adm - upo tam - idsjec iamitax - tex ono - susanSys
miestec - adm hnetel - tam eol - iamitax itesub - ono gro - miestec upo -
hnetel idsjec - eol - tex - ten nat - drilstha opo - nat esistrAcecer -
opo outecerttro - esistrAcecer pestyp - outecerttro ifi - pestyp cat - ifi
ulpanumsunf - cat ten - ulpanumsunf - drilstha - old URLURLsvic - ingsunh
odinvid - URLURLsvic eow - odinvid orkvoi - eow ceo - orkvoi versVRMLweb -
ceo Web - versVRMLweb pagepageswet - Web old - pagepageswet - ingsunh -
warewareswor - ldingwry - wwwyam - abu warewareswor - ytalkzazen -
ldingwry -

===


self violence of everyone against me

not think a of day dying. goes we're by always when close I to don't total
think not of a dying. day we're goes always by close when to I total don't
bankruptcy. building the Gary manager Wiebke our at building us Gary on
Wiebke the screamed bankruptcy. at the us manager on of street, live you
here. make got enough to money get live of here. street, you've you got
don't get enough out money past of tenant our Chris things, Drury placed
took them lot here. things, tenant placed Chris them Drury in took
storage, returned and them. has she's never had returned them them. for
she's five had months. for and five has months.  never there Island is
that rumor stole around all Rhode the Island film that equipment stole is
all a film around equipment Rhode School there Design years was at
twenty-five Island years School ago. of Bob not Jungles sure. started I
it; stole I'm nothing. sure. doctors nothing. Jungles doctors it; can't
me, find but what's every wrong morning with I me, wake but up every
extremely morning can't wake what's up wrong extremely with sick fevers.
chills current low turns fevers. out my to current be employment sick
turns with be low part-time; worry worry homelessness. about my
homelessness. heart heart are palpitations extremely are part-time;
increase panic as attacks. go of through the increased time panic on
attacks. the most increase time go feel knowledge useless means knowledge
I'm means afraid absolutely Azure afraid useless Azure and will me.
suffering am far afraid too of long far me. much am be much with
repetition will anxiety. able able repetition stay anxiety. alive I
another think two I years. of jealous me. everyone life life I seems am
hideous. jealous.

of types fish in there this are city numerous of types cowardly in
mourning. this let city of cowardly there mourning. are let numerous the
have dead to bury do dead. living. living living have have to the do dead
living. the go the on. living but violate no the no. with violate go with
no their but ululations. and everyone mourning is and wailing fearing and
in mourning this fearing city. big is city.  wailing nowhere on live.
things one this getting city on is things to crying big they too. too.
crying.

three are windows about are to about fall to out fall of out our of wall.
our three wall. windows they need they replacing need and replacing
respacing and above respacing all. above we we monies monies for for the
the doors. doors. people people in in city city greedy greedy whores.
whores. sell souls their in souls order order cry cry die. die. sell I
want want to die in solitude on on all all fours. fours. I everything here
everything runs here big the lie. big have lost lost our belongings thanks
thanks to Chris Drury. Drury. we she should should lose lose her her job
job and revenge. she hate we then will we sit will down sit cry. and.

everyone we hate should die.

===


sex-fox in war

^[[cleanholem^[[cleandirty;radioactivesterilizedH^
[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[H^[[J^[[cleanhole;holeH
^[[cleanholem^[[clean;holedirtyH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[hole;cleansterilizedH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[hole;holedirtyH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[radioactive;cleansterilizedH^[[hol
em:dirty^[[hole;cleansterilizedH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[hole;holeoverflowingH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[hole;holedirtyH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[clean;cleansterilizedH^[[holem::ra
dioactivecleanhole^[[hole;holeoverflowingH^[[holem
radioactiveradioactiveradioactive^[[radioactive;holedirtyH
^[[cleanholem^[[cleandirty;holeradioactiveH^[[holem
radioactiveradioactivehole^[[holehole;holedirtyH
^[[cleanholem^[[holesterilized;holeoverflowingH:^[
[cleanholem^[[cleandirty;radioactivesterilizedH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[H^[[J^[[cleanhole;holeH
^[[cleanholem^[[clean;holedirtyH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[hole;cleansterilizedH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[hole;holedirtyH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[radioactive;cleansterilizedH^[[hol
em, with us? Your dirty
^[[cleanholem^[[holehole;holeoverflowingH
^[[holesterilized;radioactiveradioactiveH
^[[cleanholem^[[holehole;radioactiveradioactiveH^[[holem
radioactivecleansterilized^[[hole;radioactivecleanH
^[[holesterilized;radioactivecleanH^[[holem is in my uneasy
^[[holehole;radioactivesterilizedH^[[holem
radioactiveholeclean^[[cleandirty;holedirtyH
^[[cleanholem^[[holehole;holecleanH ^[[holehole;ra
dioactivesterilizedH
^[[cleandirty;holecleanH^[[holem ^[[cleanholem^[[h
ole;holedirtyH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[radioactive;cleansterilizedH^[[hol
em:dirty^[[hole;cleansterilizedH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[hole;holeoverflowingH^[[holem:^[[c
leanholem^[[hole;cleansterilizedH^[[holem:^[[clean
holem^[[cleandirty;radioactivesterilizedH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[H^[[J^[[cleanhole;holeH
^[[cleanholem^[[clean;holedirtyH^[[holem :^[[clean
dirty;holecleanH^[[holem
Ah, my:^[[cleanholem^[[cleandirty;holeradioactiveH^[[holem
radioactiveradioactivehole^[[holehole;holedirtyH
^[[cleanholem^[[holesterilized;holeoverflowingH:^[
[cleanholem^[[cleandirty;radioactivesterilizedH^[[holem
Would ^[[cleanholem^[[cleandirty;radioactivesteril
izedH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[H^[[J^[[cleanhole;holeH
^[[cleanholem^[[clean;holedirtyH^[[holem mind you partying,
^[[cleanholem^[[hole;holedirtyH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[radioactive;cleansterilizedH^[[hol
em:dirty^[[hole;cleansterilizedH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[hole;holeoverflowingH^[[holem, wit
h us? Your clean uneasy
^[[holehole;radioactivesterilizedH^[[holem
radioactiveholeclean^[[cleandirty;holedirtyH
^[[cleanholem^[[holehole;holecleanH ^[[holehole;ra
dioactivesterilizedH is
in my clean ^[[cleanholem^[[hole;holedirtyH^[[holem
^[[cleanholem^[[clean;cleansterilizedH^[[holem::ra
dioactivecleanhole^[[hole;holeoverflowingH^[[holem
radioactiveradioactiveradioactive^[[radioactive;holedirtyH

===

we are.

are mounting the we jacket. are jacket jacket on on woman. woman. is
victorian victorian and and the woman is now. the turned and now the i am
filming i in am window. in she looking she from is removing the water
water rushing rushing everywhere everywhere within within a a bruised
bruised sphere. sphere. unidentified unidentified objects objects
duplicate duplicate body body of of breasts breasts hair hair face.

would i be would that be trilby. that into into night night window from
black and without. is woman, body neck the carefully carefully folding.
folding. against of folding jacket. trilby, my my is singing woman.
without without there there singing. singing. out.

we are.
we are mounting the jacket.
we are mounting the jacket on the woman.
the jacket is victorian and the woman is now.
the jacket is turned now and the woman is now.
i am filming in the window.
she is looking from the woman.
she is removing the jacket looking from the window.
water is rushing everywhere within a bruised sphere.
unidentified objects duplicate the body of the woman.
duplicate the jacket of the woman.
duplicate the breasts and hair of the woman.
duplicate the face.

i would be that woman that trilby.
i would be that woman looking from the window.
into the night i would be that woman.
the window is black from within and the woman from without.
i would be that woman from without.
the breasts of the woman, the neck and body of the woman.
the victorian jacket of the woman carefully folding.
against the body of the woman, the folding of the jacket.
trilby, she is my woman, she is singing within the woman.
within and without the woman, there is singing.
there is the singing of the woman and the jacket.
the woman looking out.
we are.

we are.

are are mounting jacket the jacket jacket. on jacket woman. on are woman.
the is jacket. victorian now. and turned woman the now. am turned
victorian now and i woman am is filming she in she window. is she the
looking water from i removing am water in rushing everywhere everywhere
within within a a bruised bruised rushing sphere. bruised unidentified
sphere. objects unidentified duplicate body body of of breasts breasts
hair hair duplicate face. body would trilby. be into that night trilby.
window into would night be window that black is without. body woman, the
neck carefully carefully black folding. without. against jacket. folding
my trilby, is my singing singing against without there without singing.
there out. singing.

===


to a Friend


will then of these the fiery Furnace -
turning to the left - turning to the right of us -
beyond the grieving earth - above the earth - trembling so -
the bowers breaking - great earth broken with the weight of bodies -
i remember - i abjure you - you grow within me -
i will name you with the names of the future -
i will remember you with all the names of the past -
here we are on the brink - the edge - we need your guidance -
beyond and beneath the Furnace - within the heat of the Furnace -
the convolutions of the marrow - great bone furrows -
the great thinking - the greatness of the thought -

will then of these the fiery Furnace -
reduced, all of us, to silence and dismay - within the east
the great light - within the west, the lips of dawn and dusk -
our speech creating nothing - our speech words flayed into the dark -
our performances poor, the theater smashed, the audience long since gone -
the play a language of discomfort, unknown language, unspoken, lost -
our characters your memory - you're there in every one of them,
speaking to yourself through us, the great winds turning at the poles,
the winds of the Furnace burning the equator, winds of ice,
and everywhere an assumption,
of these, of the great thinking, of the Furnace, of our abeyance,
of death and trees, uprooted, and thinking branches, whole worlds
of thought and ice


===


to a Friend 


a will Furnace then will of then these of the these fiery the Furnace
fiery turning - - turning left the right turning us the beyond - grieving
the earth earth above trembling trembling above so grieving bowers broken
broken bowers breaking with with breaking great weight weight great bodies
broken i abjure abjure i remember you you remember grow abjure within you
me - name the names future future names all the past remember here the we
edge edge we are - on we brink your your brink need on guidance brink and
within beneath the heat beyond convolutions the marrow great bone -
furrows the thinking the greatness the thought the reduced, to us, dismay
dismay us, silence within east dismay light lips lips light west, dusk
dusk west, dawn light our our speech speech creating words words creating
nothing flayed flayed nothing into speech dark nothing performances
smashed, smashed, performances poor, the theater long long theater since
smashed, audience - gone poor, play of language unknown unknown language
discomfort, unspoken, unspoken, discomfort, lost unknown language, -

characters you're you're characters memory in in memory one you're there
of them, in every our speaking us, yourself great through winds winds
through poles, winds at to burning winds equator, ice, ice, equator,
everywhere everywhere an an assumption, assumption, these, thinking,
thinking, these, Furnace, of abeyance, abeyance, death trees, trees, death
uprooted, thinking branches, worlds worlds branches, whole of ice ice ice


===



you don't know about this war. you have your bible with you and a lock of
your girlfriend's hair. you have a picture of your family. you have a
picture of the farmhouse. you carry these things around with you in a
leather wallet. they're almost unreal and you hope they won't be left here
when you die. smoke rises a hundred yards down the trench, part of the
wall has caved in. you can smell fire. you dream at night, anything but
this. you cry when no one's looking. you can't remember anything clearly,
that's the worst of it. occasionally a scrap of conversation, something
your father said. you remember the touch of your girlfriend and that last
kiss. there's not much of your world left, and there's nothing here. you
rise out of the trench, you rise. last night they were saying there's a
bullet meant for each of us. too many men are already dead. you can't see
skin without seeing the wounds, you know what's beneath the surface. you
swear at the lieutenant who sent you out here, but you know that's what
he's supposed to do. your canteen's already useless, the canvas torn, the
aluminum punctured. you borrow one from the soldier next to you. he won't
be needing it any more. sprays of dirt fly overhead as the shells come
closer. you can hear screaming mixed with everything else. how can you
prepare for the incision, the removal of the bullet, the attack comes but
once, you're left in the trenches, you're cold, you smoke a cigarette.
there's no energy in the letter from your girl, but it's all you have and
it's already worn through, what are you going to do. the earth's in front
of you, behind you - the trench opens, up and down the line, there are
many others like you, and the sound is indescribable. you can't think and
you hold on to the letter. you hear the sounds of bombs in the distance as
aircraft fly overhead. you know someone will bring heavy artillery in, and
there will be soldiers manning the guns just like yourself. you can't
remember much about home, and the landscape here has disappeared - just
blasted trees and raw earth. there's a stone farmhouse in the distance.
these are the worst days, when the sky is dark and damp, when the mist
falls, soaking everything. you smell lignite and mold. you don't think
you're ever coming home. susanne graham


===



i don't have the field, the space, to write, to rewrite, properly, to 
contain the words, ascertain the exigencies of the concepts, internalize 
them. this is writing on the margins of writing; this is writing on the 
move, writing on walls, the scrawl, the scribble - there's no time for 
anything else. this is the theory of the inscription, the cut, the 
incision. this is my life's work under the signs of illness and poverty. 
this is the begging for another month, another day, another hour. this is 
the moment of the last rite, unfulfilled promise. this is everything from 
the world already gone, it's gone ahead.

i can say i've seen it passing by at high speed. i've almost caught up
with it. there are times i sit, sometimes when i sleep, it's almost in my
grasp. but it continues, the ontologies are radically different;  there's
no way the hand holds on, no way the eye sees, the ear hears. it's gone
before i'm awake, before i have a chance to move, before i have a chance
to stand, to write. it's gone before the next meal, gone before the
worries of staying alive.

there's not a day that i haven't felt ill for the past several months.  
there's not a day i haven't had shaking, slight thought, chills, but a
reminder or remainder, always present, an uncontrollable shuddering. the
writing and the reading proceed in pain; recently, they're taken over by a
dull anger that things have to be this way. i'm waiting for the moment
when everything breaks - when i can catch it, hold it in my hands, place
it within the context of the book or essay, video or video-speech, the
gestural movement of the arms, the fingers dancing on the keys, evanescent
sounds. it's all the case, it's all the case of all of us, it distorts,
crumbles, without lack of further evidence, financial stability; my theory
is a theory of stress and poverty, the theory of rising painfully in the
morning, crashing sleepless at night, imbecility of it all.

at night i lie awake waiting to capture or entrap it, but as i've said 
repeatedly, it continues to elude me, playing with my consciousness, 
already exhausted, until it appears at the periphery of my vision or 
whispering to me, just for a second, an instant, and then it's gone, and 
there are the lyings-awake and walkabouts until it appears again, often 
within the same night, stuttering as the frames of a film stutter, as if 
there were continuity to my work, as if it could be held down into the 
form, taking on the semblance of the form, corrupting and distorting just 
on the verge of wakefulness into pain, the theory or essay or book, the 
coherent thought, the gesture fully carried through, the boy and girl 
with broken arms


===


quick kill someone


k3% saddam hussein

iksh:  saddam:  not found

k4% s a homicidal k4% dictator s ksh:  is:  k5% who is addicted
sondheim ttyr3 Oct sondheim 7 ttyr3 22:55 Oct (mailhost.nyf.org) 7 

k6% to weapons of k6% mass-destruction to to:  k7% the danger k7% already
danger significant is the:  k8% k8% and and it it grows grows worse worse
with with time time and:  k9% k9% confront confront him him before before
he he even even stronger stronger confront:  you have mail in you k10%
learned we've that learned iraq that has iraq trained has el trained qaeda
el members qaeda k10% members we've > bomb making

can can decide decide on on any any given given day day provide >
biological provide weapon a group to terrorists

smoking gun

could come form come mushroom cloud.

the smoking gun
could come in form
of mushroom cloud.

***

both chambers are expected to give the authority
to the president to pull the trigger.

you have mail in you


===



two hours ago. fifty feet from here. 


her was throat cut was and cut she and was she taken taken hospital. to
her hospital.

throat died the right sidewalk. there her on throat the was sidewalk. cut
thrown a from man a jumped car out man she jumped was out thrown after
from her.

a killed was in killed mexican the restaurant.

mexican wounded the restaurant her by boyfriend. boyfriend.

was police the got police boyfriend her custody. in someone someone chased
chased guy guy he he away.

away.

who chased is in knife is lying right everything's already cleaned up.

it happened an hour it ago.

happened twenty minutes it that woman's mother-in-law.

no happened one but knows there's what a but of there's blood lot no of
one blood knows around.

what not not enough enough for for throat.

throat.

stabbed.

i'd never i'd let never my let do boyfriend that.

do are or two three or murders three a murders day day nine-eleven.

since there nine-eleven.

are nothing nothing like like has has here here years.

years.


===


Subject: How can you make poetry out of this stuff?


today.  fifty feet from today. here.


i don't don't remember remember her her name. name. i heard it it today.
there dollars are to candles help and ship we her gave body five back
dollars to to there help are ship candles body we back gave mexico. (we 
gave back mexico.)

she a was child nineteen and married moved with recently a away child from
had was moved nineteen recently and away married the mexican restaurant.
(she had one child or two children.)

restaurant there itself are is few odd customers few the customers
restaurant some is people odd suspicious of its are activity. suspicious
man her stalking the followed she into a didn't and know him.
(she went out of it knowing and not knowing him.)

he the two was knives. married strong, but big, he woman brought but her
brought she outside. a if or forced she outside willingly. or i came if
willingly. her killed of on the sidewalk and in today front the today the
blood blood cleaned cleaned up up knife knife gone. gone. ran the around
east corner then towards south east flatbush then ran south around
flatbush corner avenue.
(he slashed and ran out of them.)

doctor's and office was apprehended into there. a photograph a window call
number a you photograph may in call the offer condolences information.
offer husband's is number. her all up streets here torn new here in. as
all new the construction streets comes are in. torn am above streets. 
(call across the torn streets.)


===



one day's flight from the virtual world

party that has contracted with Virtumundo. To unsubscribe from the
Virtumundo Rewards List, visit You've received this message from
dlbDirect. If you wish to unsubscribe This message was sent to address
sondheim@panix.com. To unsubscribe, party that has contracted with
Virtumundo. To unsubscribe from the Virtumundo To unsubscribe from these
mailings, please click here: money-making ideas.  However, if you wish to
unsubscribe, please Your privacy is extremely important to us. You
requested to receive this mailing, by registering at IdealFinds.com or by
subscribing through one of our marketing partners. As a leader in
permission-based email marketing, we are committed to delivering a highly
rewarding experience, with offers that include bargains, entertainment,
and money-making ideas.  However, if you wish to unsubscribe, please with
Virtumundo. To unsubscribe from the Virtumundo Rewards List, visit
http://www.virtumundo.com/unsub with Virtumundo. To unsubscribe from the
Virtumundo Rewards List, visit http://www.virtumundo.com/unsub this
newsletter. If you wish to unsubscribe, or "opt-out", To unsubscribe from
this mailing, please click here:  Update your profile or unsubscribe here:  
To unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here: mailing base,
please click the unsubscribe link below.  We try to honor each and every
unsubscribe in a To unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here: If
you wish to unsubscribe, please follow the instructions at the bottom of
the email. or send a blank email to unsub@evaluemarketing.com to
unsubscribe. If you wish to unsubscribe, please follow the instructions at
the bottom of the email. party that has contracted with Virtumundo. To
unsubscribe from the Virtumundo Rewards List, visit To unsubscribe from
these mailings, please click here: error or would like to unsubscribe,
please follow the instructions To unsubscribe from these mailings, please
click here: money-making ideas.  However, if you wish to unsubscribe,
please Your privacy is extremely important to us. You requested to receive
this mailing, by registering at eLuckyDay.com or by subscribing through
one of our marketing partners. As a leader in permission-based email
marketing, we are committed to delivering a highly rewarding experience,
with offers that include bargains, entertainment, and money-making ideas.  
However, if you wish to unsubscribe, please here. money-making ideas.  
However, if you wish to unsubscribe, please Your privacy is extremely
important to us. You requested to receive this mailing, by registering at
eLuckyDay.com or by subscribing through one of our marketing partners. As
a leader in permission-based email marketing, we are committed to
delivering a highly rewarding experience, with offers that include
bargains, entertainment, and money-making ideas. However, if you wish to
unsubscribe, please party that has contracted with Virtumundo. To
unsubscribe from the Virtumundo Rewards List, visit party that has
contracted with Virtumundo. To unsubscribe from the Virtumundo Rewards
List, visit To unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here: To
unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here: party that has
contracted with Virtumundo. To unsubscribe from the Virtumundo Rewards
List, visit To unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here: party
that has contracted with Virtumundo. To unsubscribe from the Virtumundo
Rewards List, visit List-Unsubscribe:
<mailto:sympa@anart.no?subject=unsubscribe%20syndicate> If you wish to
unsubscribe, please follow the instructions at the bottom of the email. or
send a blank email to unsub@evaluemarketing.com to unsubscribe. If you
wish to unsubscribe, please follow the instructions at the bottom of the
email.</font> To unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here:
You've received this message from dlbDirect. If you wish to unsubscribe
This message was sent to address sondheim@panix.com. To unsubscribe, error
or would like to unsubscribe, please follow the instructions To
unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here: party that has
contracted with Virtumundo. To unsubscribe from the Virtumundo Rewards
List, visit Update your profile or unsubscribe here: money-making ideas.  
However, if you wish to unsubscribe, please Your privacy is extremely
important to us. You requested to receive this mailing, by registering at
eLuckyDay.com or by subscribing through one of our marketing partners. As
a leader in permission-based email marketing, we are committed to
delivering a highly rewarding experience, with offers that include
bargains, entertainment, and money-making ideas.  However, if you wish to
unsubscribe, please <a here</A>. To unsubscribe from these mailings,
please click here: To unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here:
<a href="http://mm.tfmb.net/?aaabvK.aad2E3.aaazHm.aaaaae.aaaaaa">Click
here</a> to unsubscribe from these mailings. party that has contracted
with Virtumundo. To unsubscribe from the Virtumundo Rewards List, visit


===


worlds, tribly - 35 minute digital video, 3 minute digital video -
available for worlds, tribly - 


85 worlds intersecting: the torus cutting across, the sparrow flitting 
from one to the other, the golden droplets swarming among them, the seven 
watching men, the doubled doubled seven watching men, the woman from the 
london gaiete shuddering, the second woman adding and removing dressing 
and corset, the man and woman swirling and watching across, the woman with 
the cross evolving and splitting and shuddering outward, the white stars 
in the blue-black sky, the yellow stars in the blue-black sky, the great 
fabric of being and the construct of the helices, the mouths wide open, 
eyes wide open, the look of astonishment and the gaze, the swollen mold 
and its emission, the bearded man, the torus bending and shuddering, the 
torus taking on the colors and patterns, the sparrow flitting, the inner 
and outer spaces, the backdrop spaces, the seven watching men ...

the dark break

the double framing window, the window embossing, the small victorian 
blouse, the body staring and disappearing, the serene landscape, body 
through the landscape, the quietening sounds, the fading out ...


===
