

Apropos

Apropos 

They become barricades again --
The men disappear woman receives her robe from the Keeper of Gate passes thru
gate backing into robe.
 Perhaps a fan also?Woman goes back to table she onto platform & is there
when lights pick up as tho' had never gone out words feed in one at time
until sentence detached are smoking It broken by girl dancing alone
Notebooks Martha Graham

Nikuko Doctor Leopold Konninger He talking and make no difference -
everywhere muscle against uselessness language returns furniture speaks
nothing happens hammer or stove gun car book? murmuring removing gives
naked thinking about unjustness world

Apropos 

They become barricades again --
The men disappear --
The woman receives her robe from the Keeper of the Gate -- passes thru
gate -- backing into robe.
    Perhaps a fan also?
Woman goes back to table -- she goes onto platform & is there when
lights pick up men again -- as tho' she had never gone out --
The words feed in one at a time until a sentence is detached --
    The men are smoking --
It is broken by a girl dancing alone --

-- from The Notebooks of Martha Graham

It is broken by Nikuko dancing alone --
    Doctor Leopold Konninger is smoking
He is talking and talking and the words make no difference -
lights are everywhere - muscle against the uselessness of language
Nikuko returns to the furniture -- she speaks -- nothing happens
    Perhaps a hammer or a stove or a gun or a car or a book?
murmuring -- removing a robe.
Nikuko gives her robe to Doctor Leopold Konninger -- she is naked --
Nikuko and Doctor Leopold Konninger disappear --
They become barricades again --

-- from Nikuko thinking about the unjustness of the world


===





the suite of ember.movs



"I want earthquakes, because I know that then the earth can breathe."
- Nijinsky -

the great lamina of the stars sway back and forth -
you can see the oldest stars - they are pure and clean -
they are the youngest - they have no motives -

the animal of the victorian woman splayed on the couch -
she is in browns and maroons and red - her legs are naked - spread -
she is the youngest in the world - she has invented language -
she has invented motive -

she sways back and forth on the laminar plane - in tune
with the rhythms of the universe - the laminar plane and stars
are in an 1844 train tunnel riding the harbor to long island - 
the vault is brickwork painted white - you can still see the cinders
on the ceiling - the engines had 7 foot wheels of wood - they
were strapped with iron - the stars sway and disappear into the depths
of the 1844 brooklyn tunnel which is the oldest subway in the world -

the naked woman rides before the stars - her clothes thrown open -
thrown to one side -

memories of trains -

memories of trains - cinders and soot spew forth from an absent 
object - from an invisible object - they make arcs - they spread - 
splay - the tunnel is the space of the nineteenth century -

o loving eye caressing the objects with totality against totality -
searching out tunnels among tunnels, holes among holes - the youngest
stars know thee not, neither the oldest, neither the sun or any
luminary body -

of philosophy -

that language is small labor, the reading and writing of it, the 
speaking of it - the margins of language perform according to 
persuasion and consensus - the world is invisible to the speaking
of the dinosaurs - all culture is a stuttering -

"The earth is alive. It was once a sun." - Nijinski -


===


REVIEW kenji siratori BLOOD ELECTRIC


KENJI SIRATORI, BLOOD ELECTRIC, published 2002 by creation books - 
www.creationbooks.com - BUY THIS BOOK -

Your book came; it's absolutely brilliant! I really am amazed by it - the
long looping sentences, the slow stuttering development, never sure what
side the language is on, how it's generated, whether human or machine is
speaking.

I don't see it as Burroughs, although I understand the reference. For me,
Burroughs is oddly modernist; there are conspiracies and organizations and
everything seems to fly apart but never really does; it goes back to
literature. In your work, the flying apart is almost hysteric; it's global
networking - it's the end of literature in a way and the beginning of
nexus in another -

Your book came; it's almost impossible to read straight-through! It rides 
on the hinge between bot and machine, software and wetware programming! In 
a sense it's Stelarc in print, but with the latter, the machinic and the 
body are in negotiated homeostasis; ontology isn't challenged. In your 
work, I'm not sure who or what is behind it. 

I don't know the vocabulary which constantly collapses; there's nothing
transitive here, no connectors, or - in place - everything in this, in
language itself as this might point is - is transitive, a deferral among
the more violent physics of the world. Speaking/writing/reading take
relatively little energy in general compared to a hammer, cyclotron,
motorcycle, stove, scissors. The physical world transforms, is inert,
among enunciations that effect and affect actions. Over book-length the
capital WORDS change - early ADAM late ToKAGE - they anchor the page -

Your book came; it slides off page 224, the last! I know there's no ending
to anything here, to the vicissitudes of language. It has nothing
whatsoever to do with Stelarc, who divides his work among language and
silence, body-movement-introjection, and language-projection on the page.  
This among the cyberpunk, cypherpunk, scissorpunk, melds like Burroughs;  
unlike Burroughs it's all present-tense description that's a cross-
dressing performative -

Or the performative is that of kenji siratori - kenji satori - reading 
back into the author - it's not like the Eliza program - indeterminate in 
that respect - the who or the what of the making - where are the commas - 
semicolons - 

The :: // >/ language collapse. The << >> or :<< >> language collapse. 
Levels without closure - tags and metatags - incomplete guides. Thus 
"rapture::the streaming=energy strategy of the human-genome//". Back- 
cover blurb, Jack Hunter in part: "black reverb of soft machine seppuku, a 
molten unspooling of sheet metal entrails" and Stephen Barber in part 
"blood- and semen-encrusted debris with the finesse of a beserk Issey 
Miyake" - everyone _into it._

Your book coma/came: not cyberpunk!:://but slime-mold particulate entities
- inhalations, exhalation, exaltations - subterranean sweep of submerged// 
massive surge::look - it's a flat text - planar or shifting planes - skew- 
orthogonal planes to be exact -

It's a flat text - the depth of a meter to be exact - that is, a meter 
above and below the text - one hundred centimeters by my calculation - 
internal and external organs / prostheses broken down, imploded - the 
characters phenomenologically spread among the text - everything internal 
and external is excrescence - and always in closeup - the length of a 
needle - the span of a wire - taut relationships among avatars - 
retro-ADAM - body-OMOTYA -

Your book came - incredible; I can't read the imminence of the plot! I
don't know what's happening! I know something's happening - colors and
collusions across a global laminanimal space - "labyrinth::cold-blooded
diseases of love-reptiles with murder function of ADAM Doll
function/uterus-machine that exploded" - continuous return to the useless
performative of the PAGE - alphabetically-sectioned (Dead Bargain /
digital-animal-structure / Edge) through Pork then back to abolition 
connecting with first-section abolition but last p. 224 running off the 
page (see above) - Joycian, circular - the run-off finishing on first 
abolition's page 9 -

Sliding off, abolition repeats for the most part - then it's after that, 
the inbetween - A-Z through Pork - become-unique, turbulent - retro- 
fitted, future-anterior - 

The book I can't read! I can't read any book; the book implodes precisely 
50 centimeters beneath the surface of my skin - from the other side - 
mirror looking in - convex or concave - the problematic of its opticality 
- "Our machine beast is twisted to the logic space of an amoeba::the 
digital nightmare invades the quantum spiral of a cyber sun::it is the 
record of death//" -

Your book came! - I don't know you, what you are, who you are, what group
prostheses - of which continent - of which program or litany of bots or
human anguish endeavored into present-tense psycho-disturbance - the
opposition of Jabes - lips come back to suture - the book to end books -
of continuous ascription to machine/event/situation/narratology/author/
flesh - your book came - this is the process/procedure of REVIEW -

KENJI SIRATORI, BLOOD ELECTRIC, published 2002 by creation books - 
www.creationbooks.com - BUY THIS BOOK


===


new work at http://www.asondheim.org/portal

over-18 please

0.README.txt at end:

more work forthcoming
0.README.txt 3.jpg 37.jpg 41.jpg 5.jpg 6.jpg 8.jpg 9.jpg MI3.AVI MI4.AVI
b2s.mov burlings.mov face7.jpg face8.gif flesh.swf insert.jpg leg.jpg
life.mov look2.jpg mi5.avi mirror3.jpg mmau.mov more1.jpg more2.jpg
more3.jpg more4.jpg more5.jpg more6.jpg mov.txt movie.txt nipple.jpg
nude.jpg nude2.jpg other00.JPG other01.JPG other02.JPG other03.JPG
other04.JPG other05.JPG other06.JPG other07.JPG other08.JPG other09.JPG
other10.JPG other11.JPG red.mov seam1.jpg seam2.jpg seam3.jpg seam4.jpg
seam5.jpg skein01.jpg skein02.jpg skein03.jpg skein04.jpg skein05.jpg
skein06.jpg skein07.jpg skein08.jpg skein09.jpg skein10.jpg terror00.mov
terror01.mov terror02.mov theory1.jpg theory2.jpg theory3.jpg theory4.jpg
theory5.jpg theory6.jpg theory7.jpg theory8.jpg torso.jpg torso0.jpg
torso1.jpg torso2.jpg tub2.jpg tub5.jpg tub6.jpg tub7.jpg tub8.jpg
urn8.jpg

README.txt:

These files are remnants, residue, of larger works such as Trilby, 35
minutes in length. The still images are used in video; the .mov files
are chained together, modified; sound is added.

We collude between death and sex, to the limits of distortion - space-time
burns around configurations of terror and the body.

The skin is always a skein of communication. Words are performative only
to the extent they can persuade physical reality beyond the sememe -
propaganda or persuasion of language.

Sexuality, body, language, create a matrix of interpenetrations, an
almost impossible separation of interior and exterior. Space inflates,
the temporal dimension shudders, reverses, cycles, escapes.

The background of the work is in http://www.asondheim.org/index.html -
the Internet Text, which continues to be build.

New files will be added here from time to time and cdroms are available.

===


why i vote jesus mary mother of god

[yes] lower taxes [no] gun control saving the babies raising conservation
euthanasia attack iraq war on terror support united nations iran yemen
troops in middle [yes] east troops alcohol tobacco tax federal crime [yes]
to federal smoke crime marijuana to no income for social [no] security
support socialized medicine parochial [yes] schools support god america
support love of [yes] jesus of mary god flag of animal rights
experimentation stem cell research atheism peace corporate breaks
prosecution ceos free [yes] trade support [yes] taxes lower [yes] taxes
lower [no] control gun [no] control gun saving [yes] the saving babies the
raising [no] conservation [no] euthanasia [no] attack [yes] iraq attack
war [yes] on war terror on support [no] united support nations united iran
attack yemen attack troops [yes] in troops middle in east middle alcohol
[no] tobacco alcohol tax tobacco federal [yes] crime federal to crime
smoke to marijuana smoke no [yes] income no for support social for
security social socialized [no] medicine socialized parochial for schools
parochial god support america in love [yes] of love jesus god mary jesus
flag of animal [no] rights animal experimentation animal stem [no] cell
stem research cell atheism [no] peace [no] corporate [yes] breaks tax
prosecution [no] ceos of free of trade free [yes] lower taxes [no] gun
control [yes] saving the babies [no] raising taxes [no] conservation [no]
euthanasia [yes] attack iraq [yes] war on terror [no] support united
nations [yes] attack iran [yes] attack yemen [yes] troops in middle east
[no] alcohol tobacco tax [yes] federal crime to smoke marijuana [yes] no
income tax [no] support for social security [no] socialized medicine [yes]
support for parochial schools [yes] support god in america [yes] love of
god jesus mary [yes] love of flag love of god [no] animal rights [yes]
animal experimentation [no] stem cell research [no] atheism [no] peace
[yes] war [yes] war on united nations [yes] corporate tax breaks [no]
prosecution of ceos [yes] support of free trade


===




performative happening somewhere else


all my colors are garish - i'm ill again - slight fever - headache -
chills - forgive me - my dashes - i speed past celine - a realization -
there is no performative - the performative doesn't exist - material
refractions - that's all - wedding vows - everything - require concrete
embodiment - that's how it is - it's all physical states - the state-space
of the machine - things changing - state-space to state-space - surface
residue on the screen - ascii or otherwise - all sorts of things - words
continuing on another level - we've got to be careful here - among the
internal matrix of meaning of language and orienting of cognitive domains
- and transformations of material strata - i've always written about the
political economy of language - the necessity of the scream or demand or
cry of the wounded or orgasm or laughter - not necessarily in that order -
it's an economy that exfoliates and effuses within its own sememe - its
own space and own ontology - epistemologically it wanders like everything
else - but that space concretely presents the potential abundance of
material operations - it's not that i'm a materialist - in spite of my
sore throat and shivering - but that the material world carries on the
discredit of language - it's all a mix we pass for intelligence as if
writing and theory were an 'however' summarizing the abstract configura-
tion of the day - thought is internal/external - panoplies of tendrils
among laminanimal - can you imagine - it doesn't reside one way or another
- instigated by mental operations hardly to the discredit of the material
world - the performative is in the speaking or writing - my fingers on the
keys - my vocal cords and enunciations - literally a far cry - i can
hardly focus now - but the theory of performativity has to be radically
revised - i can assure you - the point it's missing is elsewhere - not
even peripheral - not even a 'somewhere else' - i'm hard put to hypothe-
size the bridges - mappings of all sorts - internal neural mappings to 
external manipulations - all machinery - all electronics - is the lever - 
my eyes are hurting - this goes on and on - the doctors can't do a thing - 
they keep asking questions - sending me from one to another - keep filling 
out forms - 


===


no laughter in these parts

k25% ha

ksh:  ha:  not found

k26% haha

haha:  k36% hahaha

hahaha:  k30% hee hee:  k29% heh

k31% heh:  k34% ho

k33% k32% ho:  k27% hoo

k35% hoo:  k28% hooha

hooha:

k25% ha ksh: ha: not found k26% haha ksh: haha: not found k36% hahaha ksh:
hahaha: not found k30% hee hee ksh: hee: not found k29% heh k31% heh heh
ksh: heh: not found ksh: heh: not found k34% ho k33% ho ho k32% ho ho ho
ksh: ho: not found ksh: ho: not found ksh: ho: not found k27% hoo k35% hoo
ha ksh: hoo: not found ksh: hoo: not found k28% hooha ksh: hooha: not
found


===


Essay on 'It is good that skinheads are in power.'


It wasn't until the skinheads began going to graduate schools, that things
really began to change around here. At first there was resistance, and in
fact a lot of the early ones converted, as if they saw the 'error of their
ways.' But as more and more came in, the junior faculty and adjuncts were
affected themselves, and soon, more and more key positions were held by
this segment of the population, a fifth column of supremacists and
marauders that no longer gave credence to the idea that 'education was for
everyone.' Whatever minorities did make it in 'the hallowed walls' soon
found themselves the targets of unmitigated criticism from all sides. Some
did stay the course, and often were converted into a kind of self-hatred;
many left for 'better pastures' outside the school system altogether. 

It wasn't long before the school boards of some of the nation's top states
fell under the sway of the skinheads, and education went back to the
primary values of Dick and Jane, in which the highest goal was the white
suburban street with a station wagon in every driveway. Here, they could
relax and enjoy themselves as affected by the education system, and for
the majority of the country, people agreed and found themselves quite well
off and secure for the first time. The elements who didn't belong were
taken care of in other ways, without the self-punishing rage of the
earlier skinhead movement, who were 'held up for valour' but never imitat-
ed, as there was no need for violence in this very tight American society. 

There were many discussions among themselves as to the best way to do
things now that they were in their hands finally, and they decided that
everyone should have their 'head examined' as to their thinking and their
support of war-time effort that was always being made. It was a chance to
not 'spare the rod' but apply it everywhere to our conquered foes who were
waiting for a chance to participate in the 'good life.' What can I say but
I did approve of all of this because the 'liberal bad-boys' were now out
of power and we could get a good education in our fundamental values from
which the United States was carved from. It was a remarkable time and it
still is since those 'foes at bay' have nothing to gain any more by giving
in to the 'powers out there' when we offer then a first-class security and
not having to vote. 

Yes this is a 'good time to give in to the skinheads who are securely
running the country and know what's best for us.' I whole-heartedly
support this conclusion which is the best thing for many people and should
be supported by everyone.


The New Work at www.asondheim.org:

224	./portal/book/talks
1795	./portal/book
130	./portal/basic
8189	./portal/polypore
1	./portal/article
109071	./portal
122147	.

005.jpg 006.jpg 011.jpg 024.jpg 026.jpg 038.jpg 039.jpg 043.jpg 045.jpg
046.jpg 054.jpg 061.jpg 062.jpg 065.jpg 069.jpg 070.jpg 074.jpg 076.jpg
078.jpg POLY32.JPG POLY33.JPG POLY34.JPG poly0078.jpg poly0080.jpg
poly0084.jpg poly0087.jpg poly0089.jpg poly0092.jpg poly0094.jpg
poly0096.jpg poly0097.jpg poly0104.jpg poly0111.jpg poly0114.jpg
poly0115.jpg poly0119.jpg poly0122.jpg poly0123.jpg poly13.JPG poly14.JPG
poly15.JPG poly18.JPG poly23.JPG poly26.JPG poly27.JPG poly28.JPG
poly29.JPG poly3.JPG poly31.jpg poly35.jpg poly5.JPG poly6.JPG poly7.JPG
poly8.JPG poly9.JPG

ABACUS.TXT ALAN2.TXT ALANSO.JPG AVATARS.TXT BKREVIEW.TXT CINEMA.TXT
COMPBIO.TXT CYBINFO.TXT DEADTIME.TXT DEFUGE.TXT DIARY.TXT DIARY2.TXT
DIARY3.TXT FIGURE.TXT FILMVID.TXT FLUX.TXT FOPINFO.TXT FUTCULT.TXT
FUTURE.TXT INTRVIEW.TXT KYOKO.TXT LOVE.TXT MIAMI.txt MODEL.TXT NOISE.TXT
POET.TXT POTEPOET.TXT PROSEBIO.TXT QUEER.TXT REDYEAR.TXT RESUME.TXT
SOUND.TXT THROAT.TXT VIDEO.TXT VIDEO2.TXT WRITING.TXT cancer.txt cybinfo
echo.txt essay film.txt fop.txt k1 oldaba.txt panamar.txt para.txt
parable.txt phen.txt play.txt portug.txt postmode.txt sophia.txt
stelarc.txt talks third.txt writing2.txt

ALAN.TXT ALAN2.TXT COURSE.TXT DUST.TXT GEOG.TXT LANGUAGE.TXT SEXTALK.TXT
SYDNEY TALK.TXT bloom imago ohioconf

3D.BAS ASCII.BAS AZURE BEEB.BAS BI2DEL.BAS BIFURDEL.BAS CLOUD3.BAS
CLOUD4.BAS CLOUDSIN.BAS COL7.BAS COLCLOUD.BAS D.BAS D7.BAS DELCLOUD.BAS
DELL3.BAS DELL7.BAS DHENON.BAS DRAPRINT.BAS DRAWALK.BAS DRAWALK2.BAS
DRAWALK3.BAS DRAWALK4.BAS DRAWALK5.BAS DRAWALK6.BAS DRAWDELL.BAS
DRAWTEST.BAS FULLIFE.BAS GOODBYE.BAS HENON.BAS HENON2.BAS JENN JULIA.BAS
JULU KDATE LIFE.BAS LIFELINE.BAS LINEAR.BAS LINEQ.BAS MASS.BAS MESS3.BAS
MESSCLR.BAS MISSCLR.BAS MOSS.BAS MOSS2.BAS NEW.BAS NEWJU ORBITING.BAS
REMLINE.BAS SIN.BAS SINCIRC.BAS SINTAN.BAS SINTAN1.BAS SINTAN2.BAS
SINTAN3.BAS SINTAN4.BAS SINTAN5.BAS STAR.BAS STAR1.BAS STAR2.BAS STARR.BAS
WALK.BAS julua newj.cmd parent


===


THE CLARA


http://www.asondheim.org/portal/clara

The economy of the special effects apparatus from the 1930s gives way to 
the digital; the digital isolates those moments of the image that speak 
all too easily, as if they weren't speaking at all.

The beautiful woman is isolated and framed by a device capable of addition 
or subtraction of the potential screen, the imaginary, positioned. The 
apparatus as in Godard displays itself, inhales/exhales the graphic-in- 
residence.

This is the smallest conceivable way to waylay the wayward viewer. One 
looks over the shoulder of the apparatus; hopefully the framing is still a 
long way off - the result clearly one of an infinite field of the social, 
of perception itself - or, in a sense, the inverse of the vanishing-point 
in perspectival configurations.

(The social reveals itself, an emblem.)


http://www.asondheim.org/
http://www.asondheim.org/portal/
http://www.asondheim.org/portal/polypore/
http://www.asondheim.org/portal/book/
http://www.asondheim.org/portal/book/talks
http://www.asondheim.org/portal/clara


===


scrip


negotiator assaults i'm my best:  you almost read world.

right-hand brush vertical poised brush standing poised or standing upright
or seating upright with seating clear with right-hand clear vertical mind
of and 1930 presence calligraphy of book 1930 doing calligraphy service
book following doing with service mind following and unknown unknown
writing meaning, meaning, and look: clear do mind this unknown this::  
will this:: follow.

look: nature a i good-natured am sort left-handed, of a fellow, good-
natured clumsy sort writing fellow, nature clumsy i always here, lacking
right-hand clarity: vertical here, brush, brush, into scrawl always into
lacking http://www.asondheim.org/portal/script1.jpg, script2.jpg,
script3.jpg, to

hang:: from hanging vertical from brush, fingers cursive: breathing look:
cursive: don't don't hanging expect i much can't me:: this, can't do this,
expect never much can from this. look: the the follow: < left-or-right > 
< the complex will spaces follow: > of night am follow best:: you: look:
negotiations am best:: i negotiator > assaults best: i'm < my of best:  
spaces you look: almost can read almost world. the right-hand vertical
brush poised standing or upright seating with clear mind and presence of
1930 calligraphy book doing service following with clear mind unknown
writing and of unknown meaning, look: do this and this:: look: this will
follow.

of nature i am left-handed, a good-natured sort of fellow, clumsy writing 
and always lacking clarity: here, right-hand vertical brush, i scrawl into 
http://www.asondheim.org/portal/script1.jpg, script2.jpg, script3.jpg, to 
hang:: hanging from vertical brush, fingers breathing cursive: look: don't 
expect much from me:: look: i can't do this, never can do this.

the will will follow: of the brush left-or-right < complex of spaces > 
into this night i follow you: of negotiations i am the best:: look: i am 
negotiator < complex of spaces > writing assaults me:: i'm doing my best: 
look: you can almost read the world.


===


everyone


Bruce Carol Carolyn Charles E.K.Huckaby Funkhouser Gerstein Gillam Ian J.  
Kelk Marjorie Monty Peter Radhika Theresa Thomas WRYTING-L \ Charles
experimentaltvcenter.org ian.kelk mezflesque.exe net.wurk][.who][ &
'Christopher Edward ALR Alan Andy Annie Architext Cary Chris Dan Deb
E-mail E-mail Ellen Fritz Gary Katie Laurie Leslie_Thornton Mark McKenzie
Mike Nile Peter ROBERT US-LIHI a.k.a adagrace9 anafrigon c cinema complit
dan dripdrop22 foofwa ijerry jen joanna joel mzpm peter simon sue.thomas
3rdBed 7-11 :  0vira 106271.223 3sticks AOL-LIST-OWNERS Funkhouser
ISMurray Ian.Kelk J_WOODSON JohanMeskensCS2 KJOHNSON Mariannede_graaf
Mark.Amerika MuratNN POETICS Peter_G_Kelk.KELK RWITHERS WRYTING-L a.little
abroeck alexis amerika anabasis anastasios anastasios.kozaitis andyo
anniea architext arpadt atlassheppard b.watten barrysmylie bernstei
bgehring bindi_love birringer.1 bradleybayonet brantp brotman bruce
buckleyr burkew caitlin caitlinm calexand cantsin catherine.gillam
cguertin chrisdrury christys cjr90210 ckeep clkpoet couperj cthyd
cyberculture damianc damon001 dan_sondheim daveliza db62 ddelgado deb
decklin dilillo djeng domfox dsondhei dtv duncanr e.milne ecodub
ecsatyricon edz ekhuckaby electromediascope emgarrison etc evalle film6000
foofwa fractal frazerv galesnow gdstereo geert geraldfilm ggatza giardia
glazier gmguddi gniewna gothwalk gquasha groovdigit guernsey gwiebke
h.whitehead hankru harveyb horvitz horvitzr human hypobololemaioi i2eye
ian.kelk info integer irwin.gerstein ivan janedoe janez.strehovec jdavis
jen jh3 jim jlehmus joe.amato johngr joris joseph_nechvatal jtley
julia.kelk k.zervos katies kenworth kingd kkretz4art kolasins kozl0023
kristin ksoden lakey.teasdale laporta laporta.interport lawrence.upton
lcubbison liutpran lizral llacook luesebr1 maguirew marblehead margaret
martha martinej marton marylynn mattsamet mckenziewark men2 mesper
mezandwalt mfwj mgomez mgurst mi_ga mike mint77 mister_furiously monty
morgand morrigan msotor01 mtxmetz murray mw35 mzpm nativeagent neekaa80
netwurker nile nillo oga olseng orishai owidnazo p.sidjanin patrick peter
poetics pollet protagonistus r.mulvale r.strasser raintaxi rakaise reality
reiner.s reith roitman rumsong runran ruthnow sacred_grove saizy samills
schuppm sghaly shemurph2001 simon.mills sjaugu solipsis sondheim stalder
stelarc stephan steven.meinking strickla sue.thomas sukenick talan
tennessee threads tom967 torresm trevor.pull tyler.stallings vest27
vfrenkel vstandley wanda.interport wander warnell wattsb weinstone
weishaus white-b wolf wolfgangsta zeropoet zeug =?ISO-8859-1?Q?=A4?=
=?iso-8859-1?Q?Glazier=2C_Loss_Peque=F1o?= =?iso-8859-1?Q?Peque=F1o?= A.
ACSU.BUFFALO.EDU Metropole ADM.NJIT.EDU ANASTASIOS AOL AOL.COM ARTvB
Abeles Abrahams Ad Adams Administration Again Agnihotri Ahwesh Alexander
Alexander' Alexis Amanda Amato America Amerika Anastasios And Andreas
Andree Andrews Angela Ann ArchJoanna Arpad Atlas Auler Avillez Awentler
AzurCarter Azure BA BATIPATO BH BRITISHLIBRARY.NET uptonlawrence Barbara
Barbara_Simcoe/CFA/UNO/UNEBR Barrett Barry Beatrice Beaubien Belinda
Belinda.Barnet Berk Bernstein Beth Bill Birringer Bo Bob BobAuler Bowes
Bowne Bradley Brant Brian Broeckmann Brown Bruce Buckley Buffalo Bugaj
Burke BushPieter C C. CCCHAP129 CF CS2 CT/HYD-Jayadev Caitlin Calishain
Carol Carolyn Carter Catherine Charles Cheatham Cheng Chris Chris
Christopher Christy Chromatic ChromaticSpaceAndWorld.com Jayadev Clive
Colorado.EDU cwa Connie ConnieBostic Couper Courtney Cramer Cubbison
Curating Cyb Cyberculture Cyberdiva DH DK DS DSchell DScott2706 Dad Dahlia
Dallas Damian Damian Damon Dan Daniels Danna Davdhess Dave David Davis De
Deb Decklin Del Delgado Denise DiLillo Disciplines Disciplines Diwakar
Dixon Dominic Dougie Drury Duagn Duffy Dugan Duka Duncan E. E.K.Huckaby
EChuse EK Earthlink.net Ed Edward Elaine ElizabethGold Ellen Emily Esper
Esta Eve Evelyn Everard Experimental FL Fido Finnegan-Suler Florian
Fogarty Foofwa Fort Forum Foster Fox Fractal Frank Frazer Fred Frenkel
Fridiric Furtherfield G GU Gabriel Gafner Gajjala Gale Ganick Gary Gatza
Geert Gehring Geoff Geofferey Geoffrey George Gerald Ghaly Giuseppe
Glazier Glulmer Gomez Goodman Gordon Gothwalker Gregory Grohol Gudding
Guertin Guiseppe Gurstein Guttenplan Gwen H H. HS Halifax Hank Haralambos
Hartley Harvey Harvey Hay Helen Herman Hernandez Herron Holmes Holstein
Home#447-8106 Horvitz Howard HronnAxels Hunter Ian Iank Iannicelli
ImitationPoetics Innocent Irwin Ivan J. JDORTIZ JOHNSON JON JONES JR Jacek
Jacques Janez Jarnett JauguDenis Jeff Jennifer Jerry Jillian Jim Joe Johan
Johannes John Jon Jonathan Jones Jordan Joris Joseph Juan Judith Judy
Jukka JuliStein Julie KAbeles100 KENT KOZAITIS Kaiser Karen Kate Kathy
Katie Keep Keith KeithBklyn Kelk Kelly Kenji Kent Kim King Kirby
Kirschenbaum Kndanis Knoebel Kozaitis Kozlowicz Kraus Kretz Kristin L L.
LISTSERV.AOL.COM Decklin LISTSERV.UTORONTO.CA Tennessee LY64203 LaPorta
Lakey Lanny Laramee Lassiter Lattanzi Laura Lawrence Lee Lehmus Lehmus
Leo7of9 Leslie Levenson Levenson Ley Liberman LibertyInternational.com
Julia Lisa Lissa List Little Liza London Lopez Lori Loss Luesebrink
Luesebrink Lynn M. MAILBOX.GU.EDU.AU tom MP MSPOSTER Magee Maguire Mairead
Mamatas Manny Manuel Margaret Mari Maria Marjorie Mark Marley Marshall
Marstonmj Martim Martin Martinez Mary Matt McKenzie Mcglynn Meinking
Melzack Memmott Meskens Metz Michael Michael.Carter Miekal Miguel
Miguel1075 Millennium Milne Mirta Mitch Mitchell Mom Monica Monika Monty
Morgan Muckraker Mulvale Murat Murphy Murray Murray Myers N. Nada Nascad
Nech Nechvatal Nemet-Nejat New Newmedia Nick Nicole Niss Nmherman Norman
OPiSu Observations Olsen Online Ontario Oram Ostrow Owners'
P[urrsonal]A[reah]N[etwurker] Pat Patrick Patrick's Peggy Penfold
Peppermint Peter PeterM3369 Phipps Pier Pierre Pip Poetics Pollet Pope
Poster Potes Predrag PsyD Pull Quasha R RC RCleaners RF Rain Rebecca
Reiner Reith Rice Richard Richardson Rikerj Robert Robert_Kolker Robin
Rogers Roitman Ron Rose Rosen Rudolph Rumson RyanSheila S. SAM SCI
SEANET.COM faculty SVAak Salus Salus Salwa Sam Samet Sanborn Sandy Sanford
Schaap Schell Schupp Senft Senft Serra Shakuhachi Sheffield Sheppard
Sheppard\ Shiel Sideratos Sidjanin Simcoe Simon Siratori Smassoni Smith
Smylie Soden Sondheim Southern Staehle Stahlman Stalder Stallings Stefan
Stefanp Steinhuber Stephan Steve Steven Strasser Strehovec Strickland
Sub^2*P Sue Sukenick Sullivan Sylvester TB TC.UMN.EDU Talan Tara Taxi
Teasdale Ted Theory Tina Tom Tori Torres Tosh Trevor Tuttle Tyler UCI.EDU
UVic.CA Uli Ulmer Unna Upton Valle Vera Vernon Victoria Vladimir
WANTREE.COM.AU WAYNE.EDU WITHERS WOODSON WRYTING-L Wanda Wands Wark
Warnell Watten Watts Weinstone Weishaus Weiss Whitehead Wiebke Wilson
Withers Wolf Wolfgang Wolsak Woodson Writing Xios2000Ny YAHOO.COM Yerby
Zimmermann Zweig _arc.hive_ aND abeles across acsu.buffalo.edu
acsu.buffalo.edu Laurie against agoron.com Andy ahunt03 airmail.net
alexandria.lib.utah.edu Bryan altx.com anabasis anart.no and andrew.devore
andyo angelfire.com anu.edu.au aol.com aol.com Mike aol.com nick aol.com
arc arenal artador artforum arthist.usyd.edu.au artistStelarc
artmetropole.org artsci.wustl.edu at att.net aya.yale.edu trace
azurecarter bassmuseum.org bbs.thing.net bc bear3843 bellsouth.net
bellsouth.net berklynn beth bgnet.bgsu.edu bigfoot.com bindi_love
bitstream.net bk.tudelft.nl block booglit brian brown.edu btopenworld.com
bugaj.com bway.net c cable.A2000.nl cadvision.com calumet carlos cary
cats.ucsc.edu cb cc chatsubo.com christy cicalafilmworks.com
city.london.on.ca ck clarendon-ins.com class cleo.murdoch.edu.au clive
cmhcsys.com cmod cnsunix.albany.edu colorado.edu columbia.edu columbia.edu
compuserve.com compuserve.com Salwa conferenceStephanie cornell.edu
cox.net cs.com csam.com csulb.edu cute_227 cybermind d'Imobilite
d4.dion.ne.jp daemen.edu damianc dan_sondheim debris.org.uk denis
destroythe.net dial.pipex.com dial.pipex.com dingoblue.net.au dloprieno
dnai.com dock.net dominic dreed drifab.com dukaduka e-conf earthlink.net
earthlink.net earthlink.net ec echeng4 echonyc.com echonyc.com edbowes
editor edz egroups.com electronetwork.org elmyra.bsn.com email.msn.com
email.msn.com emgarrison emory.edu epix.net epix.net ern_perez esondheim
etc ews excite.com experimentaltvcenter.org experimentaltvcenter.org suler
ez ezweig f f fac.howard.edu famobrien5 fdt.net feliz1892 fineartforum.org
fis.utoronto.ca fiu.edu fiu.edu fiu.edu family foofwa footworks.org
forwardface.com fp3d.com fractal fragment.nl franklinfurnace.org
franklinfurnace.org franklinfurnace.org Christine from furball.bsn.com
furtherfield.org gabe gagaku galactica.it integer gary.wiebke geert
geoffrey globalserve.net globility.com gnv.fdt.net Saul
gpu.srv.ualberta.ca Randy grievance guernsey guest.arnes.si jabes gwen
hawaii.rr.com hccstudent.highland.cc.il.us hd2.dot.net.in hell.com
hevanet.com home.com horvitz hotkey.net.au Cary hotmail.com hotmail.com
hotmail.com building hotmail.com e hotmail.com hotmail.com Amerika
hphoward.demon.co.uk hs.utc.com cath http://plexus.org/newobsMillie
i.rigau ian.kelk icann.org igc.org ihug.co.nz iinet.net.au ilstu.edu
imitation iname.com indifference.f9.co.uk info innotts.co.uk interport.net
t investorama.com daniel is2.nyu.edu is6.nyu.edu Joel isone.com
ivanpope.com ix.netcom.com ix.netcom.com ix.netcom.com Kevin jacek jacques
jazkat13 jedimatrix99 jen jerry.everard jes20 jfr10 jjsamuel jmarshal joel
john jon jonnes jps.net jr23 julian juno.com jw jwoodson jyerby kelk.com
kelk.com media kelk.com kelly kenworth king kle300087 komninos ks l lacook
lakey lastrella lawsuits lcubbiso lesliethornton lewis linuxchix.org jen
lisa lisatuttle lissa listbot.com listserv listserv.acsu.buffalo.edu
listserv.aol.com listserv.unc.edu lit.kyushu-u.ac.jp lm.va.com.au lovink
lperez lpita lt lusitania mIEKAL mac.com mafe1602 magazine mail
mail.island.net mail.ivillage.com mail.ljudmila.org mail.mcgill.ca
mail.slc.edu sub mailhost.sva.edu maine.edu mamitajr mari maria markgold2
martha marton math.ukans.edu mb255 mbox.vol.cz mbox.vol.cz mcglynn
megnbill melzack memlane.com memmott.org mesper mez mg mi_ga
miami-airport.com miamialli mick miekal miensminger mikemetz mile12
millenniumfilm.org mills mindspring.com mindspring.com mindspring.com pk
mishi103 mitec.net mjlamas mloomis mmc189 mmjbutterfly mobile-swami.co.uk
mobile-swami.co.uk net moby moby-group moc993 mom monika morrigan mrzero
multiverse.com mwt.net nada neekaa80 nervm.nerdc.ufl.edu netartefact.de
netspace.org nettime nettime-l new-poetry newobs newobservations.org
newyorkmag.com nicolepeyrafitte.com nile nirvanet.net noel2.pd.org nonce
now nowdigthis.com pan np nrma.com.au ns.sympatico.ca ntu.ac.uk ntu.ac.uk
ntu.ac.uk loss ny.com nyc.rr.com nyu.edu o-o.lt ol.com.au olsen
ompez_les_yeux omri.cz on onelist.com onone ora.com orishai osu.edu Bowes
overtone ozemail.com.au pacifier.com panda627 panix.com panix.com paper
pce.net pcourtney pdx.edu g peggy peppermint peter petitepita1 pgkelk
pgrad.unimelb.edu.au pinamonti.com pk pkelk pop.qn.net pote providence
proximate.org psy psy-internet ptdprolog.net r.l. rabecker.com racores.com
radford.edu radhik radhika ram79108 randy rcn.com rcn.com reading
readmemag red-bean.com reiner requiem restlessculture.net deb rh rigau
rjanno01 rmetcalfe robert rocketmail.com rogers.com rotman ruby.ora.com
runet.edu jerry ruth rw ryan.whyte saiz sandy sandyweiss sanmiguel
sbcglobal.net Sue sd seiche serra shakuhachi.com jennifer shann001
sharjah.ac.ae shaw.ca simon simon.mills sionna13 skunky49 so5 solipsis
sondheim sorenson southern spar spot.colorado.edu sprintmail.com standley
starflung.com stationhill.org stefan steinhuber.com steven
stevenmeinking.net stewartga strasser strawgrrl stuff subsubpoetics suler
sva.edu sva.edu sympatico.ca syndicate tao.agoron.com tati_1127 tc.umn.edu
telus.net the the-beach.net theeastvillageeye.com thing.net thing.net Drew
thing.net Felix thingist timothyj_aka_dj_yt tina tom tonefield
tonywhitfield2000 tosh tosh3 tr trAceWark transmediale.de tts.fi u
ulassite unix unm.edu unomail.unomaha.edu usdoj.gov utoronto.ca
utoronto.ca uwo.ca uws.edu.au va.com.au va.pubnix.com vcn.bc.ca vcn.bc.ca
verizon.net verizon.net Neil vif.com vincent vispo.com voicenet.com
waitrose.com Zimmermann webartery webleicester.co.uk wanda webtv.net
weishaus weiss well.com whyte widmer wifeMartha wiz.cath.vt.edu
wollongong.starway.net.au worldnet.att.net www.god-emil.dk
www.xcelnets.comTheresa xmetz.com sm xs4all.nl xterna-net.de yahoo.ca
yahoo.ca yahoo.com yahoo.com yahoo.com Wands yesy yolie yorku.ca zacha.org
zdnetonebox.com Bobby zedat.fu-berlin.de zervos zlorac
zorro.cecer.army.mil zummer


===


.!


.homosexual! .magick.sex! .politics.homosexuality! .politics.sex! .sex!
.sex.NOT! .sex.bestiality! .sex.bondage! -,-,,-,,-,-,-,-,,,,-,-,-,-,,,,,-
.sex.bondage.particle.physics! .sex.boredom! .sex.fetish.feet!
.sex.fetish.hair! .sex.homosexual! .sex.masturbation! .sex.motss!
-,,,-,-,-,,-,-,-,,,,,,, .sex.movies! .sex.pictures! .sex.pictures.d!
.sex.pictures.female! .sex.pictures.male! .sex.sounds! .sex.stories!
.sex.stories.d! .sex.wanted! .sex.wizards! .sexual.abuse.recovery!
.sexual.abuse.recovery.d! .sexy.bald.captains! .sex.fetish.orientals!
.sex.voyeurism! .sex.spanking! .sex.exhibitionism! -
.sex.bestiality.barney! .sex.bestiality.hamster.duct-tape!
.sex.fetish.watersports! -,,,,-,,,-, .sex.watersports!
.sex.fetish.diapers! .sex.fetish.fashion! .sex.services! .sex.strip-clubs!
.sex.intergen! .sex.femdom! .sex.telephone! .sex.fat!
.sex.fetish.startrek! .sex.magazines! .sex.erotica.marketplace!
.tv.tiny-toon.sex! .sex.nasal-hair! .sex.breast! -,-,,-,-,,-,,-,-,
.sex.pedophilia! - .sex.fetish.watersports! - .sex.bondage! -
.sex.pictures! - .sex.enemas! - .sex.anal! - .sex.bears! - .sex.voyeurism!
.sex.necrophilia! - .sexuality.spanking! -


===


The Shorter Catechism


"|IFS=' ';exec /usr/local/bin/procmail||exit 75 #sondheim"
long/load phoenix.irc /load phoenix.hlp /nick Alan /notify kikina options
alias q bye alias e /server eagle.uccb.ns.ca
morefiles 0.1c 2 pinealt.abuse.transcendance! alt.fan.robert-jordan!
de.alt.comm.ums! staff.misc!
joe(setq default-major-mode 'text-mode) (setq text-mode-hook
'turn-on-auto-fill) (setq fill-column 75) (keyboard-translate ?\C-h ?\C-?)
(keyboard-translate ?\C-\\ ?\C-h) (load "studly") (setq load-path (append
load-path (list "/net/u/6/s/sondheim/lisp"))) (load "dor") (load "zz")
set exrc set autoindent set wm=6 ignorecase set shiftwidth=4

i'm tired of this stuff. it doesn't make any sense. culling stuff from the 
net or operating system doesn't make art. the mystery's in the production, 
not in the stupidity of lists no one can interpret. sure, it's a 
cathechism - it makes the account go round, but so what? it's got no 
meaning by itself, any more than an automobile wiring diagram takes you 
someplace. codework is stupid this way; it's nothing more than a minor 
art. if you don't try for greatness all the time, you're insulting your 
audience. this is just absurd.


===



Poetry the Configuration of Lies


the sentiments in poetry are surely never meant to be taken at face value, 
how shall i love thee, i'm heading towards armageddon, i think that i 
shall never see, even language poetry is guilty of phrasing whose meaning 
cannot ever be taken literally or performatively. so what you say. i say 
that by its very deflection into the niceties of language, poetry lies, 
largely through hyperbole, or the placings of hypotheticals where none are 
warranted. poetry is our great escape; we use it to express what-if worlds 
without building all of their contents, piece by piece as in the novel - 
the bridging effects of the language suture over any anomalies. it does 
leave a distaste in the mouth; people rarely read poetry because the lies 
are caught out, and the descent into language is just too problematic or 
exhausting. isn't it enough we use language all the time, without having 
to examine very word of it, over and over again? and every poem is guilty, 
surely, of this, every poem has its moments of fascination with fictions 
that are never revealed as such. 

"O ever present in my view! My wafted spirit is with you, And soothes your 
boding fears: I see you all oppressed with gloom Sit lonely in that 
cheerless room-- Ah me! You are in tears!" (S.T.C) if ever present, then 
his sight is clouded, like a speck in the eye or detached retina. has he 
lost his spirit? is it always bothering her? is she completely and always 
oppressed? when did this happen? lies, all lies, but a pretty conceit 
nonetheless. and hardly think for a moment the exemptness of contemporary 
poetry. it suffers under the weight of false performance. nothing happens. 
nothing has happened. better an engineering drawing that is translated 
more or less one on one to the reality of the concrete.

poetry reduces our morals, can present nothing but false sentiments,
remains a disease which infiltrates our body politic. Plato was right, but
not by virtue of the Dionysian; it's the Apollonian semblance of truth
that decays from within. better to live in an emotional world of speaking 
and writing which insists on nothing but confusion, fuzzy boundaries, and 
exhilarating thought, the world of the short story or fantasy, clearly 
demarcated as such, even the world of the docudrama and its other trans- 
genre equivalents. poetry allows anyone to say anything and get away with 
anything; if it were not for poetry, Coleridge would be exposed for the 
stalker he clearly is.

thus poetry is a configuration of lies, and should be ignored by all prac- 
tical people, which is basically all of us who live in this world, and 
have not yet gone to the next.


===



Poetry the Configuration of Truths


the sentiments in poetry are meant to be taken at face value, how shall i 
hate thee, i'm heading towards heaven, i think i shall see, even language 
poetry presents phrasing whose meaning can be taken literally or perform- 
atively. so what you say. i say that by its very deflection into the 
horrors of language, poetry tells truths, largely through diminution, or 
the placing of facts in a problematic world. poetry is our great mirror; 
we use it to express the world in its fullness, as in the totality of the 
novel - the intensity of the language brings out anomalies. it goes down 
sweetly; people often read poetry for its truths and exalted descent into 
language. everyday language is never enough; we need examine it, bury 
ourselves in it. every poem is innocent, every poem fetishizes the real in 
pristine clarity.

"O ever present in my view! My wafted spirit is with you, And soothes your 
boding fears: I see you all oppressed with gloom Sit lonely in that 
cheerless room-- Ah me! You are in tears!" (S.T.C) if ever present, then
the language is redolent of the truth of faithfulness, a second-sight or 
ectoplasm. he has gained a spirit which enhances her own. she is captiva- 
ted, enthralled; he is her primordial origin. this is the difficult truth 
which only poetry can capture. think now of the fecundity of contemporary 
poetry. surely it lives within the truth of performativity; everything 
happens, everything has happened. poetry counteracts the engineering of 
the concrete, revealing the truth beneath the surface of empty structure.
 
poetry cultivates our morals, presents true sentiments, behaves as thera- 
peutic infiltrating our body politic. Plato was wrong, not by virtue of 
the Apollonian; it's the Dionysian truth that emerges, voluptuously, from 
within. better to live in the world of poetic truth, than the falsities of 
docudrama, contemporary news media, or popular novels. poetry allows all 
of us to refine our sentience; if it were not for poetry, Coleridge, and 
the rest of us, would have remained permanently mad.

thus poetry is a cornucopia of truths, and should be read and practiced by 
everyone, all of us who live in this world, with clear vision towards the 
next.



===


disrupted 1000 character essay


heaven 
earth 
black 
yellow yellow
is is
black, black,
:: ::
cosmos the vast are wasteland desolate
a fills sun moon west in west sets the dusk it's
morning 9 in to 9 7 to from 7 constellations up line
out spread out they spread word, they measure word, cold
comes
heat goes
autumn harvesting winter concealing hiding, timing intercalary
residue leftover tenth one becomes
years of measurement
lu so
pitches bamboo
position shift
open
clouds
galloping, ascend,
sending
rain
dew
forms
becoming
frost
gold
birth gives
beautiful
water
jade
emanates
mountain Kun summit
dagger double-edged named furiously
huge gate-tower
pearl called
light darkness treasure fruit plum
apple
many
vegetables
mustard
ginger
sea salted
rivers fresh
fishscales
depths hidden
feathers
above circling
fire dragon
emperor teaching
phoenix royal official
men
beginning
making
writing
characters
then
wearing uniforms,
clothing < robes
skirts
expel
throne yield
country yao
tang
has
predicted
console
people down strike
guilty hold
boundary talk
scalding with test and
case trying
court at
query
way bequeath
bow doubting
sections love
raise
hosts leaders minister
prostrate
army barbarians
near
far reality
ration
guest returning
cries
white colt
grazes
there
change
covers
weeds grass
(vegetation)
trust
attain
(10,000)  myriad (square)  directions
covering
person issues
to)  (giving
four
great
five
normal (is)
respect
alone)  / (connector
rearing children (!)
flattering
destroys
injures women
adore
chastity
unyielding
imitate
pleasing
genius
know
passes what
certainty attainment
ability never
neglect
deception
other brief disintegration reliance
(self-reliance)  self on
long faith
cause should
faith)  your (protect covered faith) be your (utensil)  tool desire
trouble measure-word (quantity)
ink sadness sorrow, (of)
silk)  (on
stains silk) (sadness the printed stains poetry
praise (lamb)  small
(sheep)  sheep
scenery view,
lines
lined-up or tied
wisdom
conquering restraint,
study (creates)  makes
sage benevolence
built name stands
origin shape (upright)  proper
model
sky
valley proclaim
fame (one's)
empty room)  (public hall chamber
lessons)  (review learn
carefully
(catastrophe)  disaster
by)  caused (is depends caused accumulation evil (fortune)  blessings
(are
virtuous
happiness
ruler)  (scale, meter 1/3
hole)  disk (circular hole) bi-jade with )  (un- negative
small)  (measurement, 1/30
secret)  feminine, secret) organs, feminine, sexual organs, moon, sexual
(shadow, moon, yin (shadow, be)  (to so)  (just be) with)  (compete
emulated
capital (parallels)  father affairs (business)  ruler supreme speak
(accurately)  strictly
give
piety filial
(accepts)  as serves
end others)  power others) (the of devotion
(rules)  follows
life
confront)  (meet, face
deep shoes)  (put tread
lightly
morning)  (early morning) dawn the prosper
warm
pure)  (and
like
orchid(s)  (an)
this
fragrance
pine(s)  (a)
prospers
river (the)
flows
(un)  not
(ceaselessly)  stopping
(abyss)  (transparent)  clear
(create)  take
reflection (form)  contain
stop (and)
if
thinking is)  (one
say
rhetoric)  (classical diction
peaceful quiet, (with)
determination
deliberate
beginnings
fidelity sincerity,
beauty beautiful,
prudent
all
good
laws ancient
honorable
trade
place)  foundation rolls greatly
nothing
the)  (in
outstanding
(to)  ascend
(service)  addition work
obey
government
survive
means by
wild pear
go
increase
chant music comfort,
[...]
pride of)  value (of) poverty
another
precious
public
rectification
fit
dwell
leisure ch'in instrument 4-stringed
wonderful problem question
gate
well
publicrately
rectification^G Get Help  
fitrit
dwell^R Re
leisure ch'in i


===



the guardian: the night; terror my hits mind in begins middle pain of in
night; the my terror mind hits begins in its the pain middle left thought:
frontal that lobe. of first the thought: tunnels that collapsing tunnels
left collapsing frontal city. sure second: it government to makes me; sure
i it am gets already to city. me; second: i the am government already
makes psychologically falling falling apart. apart. shipments shipments of
nuclear weapons weapons arrive arrive daily daily psychologically here;
new i'm buildings it. it's new easy buildings to down. here; it's i'm easy
sure distribute it. remnants anthrax biological sexy. weapons. a anthrax
few is men sexy. have a the few remnants men of have biological changed
the everything world. world. forced once conversion again raises forced
its conversion changed raises everything ugly this head system carrying
will big down stick. in this x-number system of will ugly go head down
carrying x-number big seconds. brooklyn cut across brooklyn the off; river
you to swim seconds. across it's river to manhattan, to another only
landfall. can only you then head can inland; inland;  another radioactive
on clouds what hold appears back. be on a what peninsula... appears you be
clouds peninsula... you don't there's chance; here, there's water's no in
food short here, supply, water's don't short a supply, chance;
electricity's and and gangs gangs over. take everyone over. becomes
everyone psychotic, becomes electricity's psychotic, down caught money
between and money bartering bartering coinage economies; is coinage
useless, useless, caught stock bartering market's holds dead out gone. the
holds of out riots; midst dead riots;  gone. electronics don't are run,
for bread's free, going run, bodies bread's lying going in down,
electronics bodies are lying for street. the see forming, cancers gnawing
forming, the rats street. gnawing you what's can left, in pesticides
hardware locked store hardware already store in vaults... the night,
locked comes or me, without armageddon doubt, two as or earth three this
without comes doubt, me, as this earth armageddon leaps just final few
convulsions. men, just all. men, leaps that's to all. final enormous fight
leverage. to they'll the fight finish. finish. out spit enormous their
they'll tongues at tongues each at other. each we're other. all we're
dead. all

the guardian text: the terror hits in the middle of the night; my mind
begins its pain in the left frontal lobe. first thought: that of the
tunnels collapsing in the city. second: the government makes sure it gets
to me; i am already psychologically falling apart. shipments of nuclear
weapons arrive daily here; i'm sure of it. new buildings falling down.
it's easy to distribute the remnants of biological weapons. anthrax is
sexy. a few men have changed everything in the world. once again forced
conversion raises its ugly head carrying a big stick. this system will go
down in x-number of seconds. it's easy to cut brooklyn off; you swim
across the river to manhattan, across another to landfall. only then can
you head inland;  radioactive clouds hold you back. on what appears to be
a peninsula... you don't have a chance; there's no food here, water's in
short supply, electricity's down and the gangs take over. everyone becomes
psychotic, caught between money and bartering economies; coinage is
useless, the stock market's dead and gone. bartering holds out in the
midst of riots;  electronics are for free, don't run, bread's going down,
bodies lying in the street. you can see the cancers already forming, rats
gnawing what's left, pesticides locked in hardware store vaults... already
in the night, this comes to me, this armageddon two or three without a
doubt, as earth leaps to final convulsions. it's just a few men, that's
all. then there's enormous leverage. they'll fight to the finish. they'll
spit out their tongues at each other. we're all dead.


===

Subject: screwing around on thingist

/burble, TRULY ASSININE! burble}

Sorry TRULY ASSININE! dearest. TRULY ASSININE! Your TRULY ASSININE!
automatic TRULY ASSININE! knee-jerks TRULY ASSININE! are TRULY ASSININE!
not TRULY ASSININE! reflective TRULY ASSININE! of TRULY ASSININE! anything
but TRULY ASSININE! yourself. TRULY ASSININE! This TRULY ASSININE! is
TRULY ASSININE! not TRULY ASSININE! 'absurd'. TRULY ASSININE! Your TRULY
ASSININE! wishful TRULY ASSININE! projections TRULY ASSININE! that
'absurdity' TRULY ASSININE! is TRULY ASSININE! involved TRULY ASSININE!
are TRULY ASSININE! thoroughly TRULY ASSININE! irrelevant. TRULY ASSININE!
If TRULY ASSININE! you TRULY ASSININE! want TRULY ASSININE! to TRULY
ASSININE! degrade yourself TRULY ASSININE! please TRULY ASSININE! do TRULY
ASSININE! so, TRULY ASSININE! by TRULY ASSININE! all TRULY ASSININE!
means, TRULY ASSININE! but TRULY ASSININE! avoid TRULY ASSININE!
attempting TRULY ASSININE! to TRULY ASSININE! include TRULY ASSININE! me
TRULY ASSININE! in your TRULY ASSININE! infantile TRULY ASSININE!
imbecility. TRULY ASSININE! Your TRULY ASSININE! backhanded TRULY
ASSININE! passive-aggressive TRULY ASSININE! attempts TRULY ASSININE! at
'attacks' TRULY ASSININE! have TRULY ASSININE! been TRULY ASSININE!
consistently TRULY ASSININE! off TRULY ASSININE! the TRULY ASSININE! mark,
TRULY ASSININE! catty TRULY ASSININE! and TRULY ASSININE! impotent.

Subject: Re: my assine (fwd)

Should explain the original assinine - I'm on another list - there's a
poster who attacks on a pretty regular basis - I wrote hir - admit it - I
set up the attack - replied and intervened in one of hir others - received
an excellent dose - intervened in the dose - I could have kept this up -
didn't want to spam the list - I had my text - I used it - it went in -
came out again -

===


On the Transmission of Mind 


Huang Po:

Can The you minds imagine of bones all in the the Buddhas Void? are The
one minds Can of you all imagine Buddhas in are the one Void? with What
Great do Void. you What expect do find expect with to the find Great
there? Void.

Nikuko:

Po Void. I My love bones you. are am with My love great bones and sail
color Great ivory. My sail great They there-are navigate stars. by They
there-are through stars. the navigate Void. through They nebulae. in
bones. nebulae.

Huang Po: 

Can you imagine bones in the Void? The minds of all the Buddhas are one 
with the Great Void. What bones do you expect to find there?

Nikuko:

Huang Po I love you. I am bones in the Void. My bones are one with the
Great Void. My bones are great and the color of ivory. My bones sail in
the Great Void. They navigate by the there-are stars. They navigate
through the there-are nebulae. My bones in the Great Void. My bones.

(translated John Blofeld)


===


in the heart of theory, two million dead in new york city - the radiation 
is horrifying - people have no food no water - if we'd known we would have 
converted - we would have believed anything - now we're in for it - 
righteous retribution - skies filled with planes - we'll knock out mecca - 
medina - omar - what's left of us - the plague's coming - no food - some 
radio - everyone's talking - there's deadly silence -

we should have known - it's already here - the cylinder poised - beginning 
of the countdown - there's no reason to leave - the room or city - there's 
no time - temperature rising - the fury - 

we can't write after the fact - only during it -


===


prey

i write always with textual prey, subject matter; i write what is essen-
tial to me, that is, of the nature of the being or fit of the world -
outside of this i'm weak, comatose, tongue-tied - within it i am dictated 
- i live sometimes in the house of unix - i want to know where i am - 
what's happening there - it's a home i share with others - 

these commands which are single-valued, monotonic - descriptors of the
landscape/langue-scape -

w / who / whoami - the speakers, self, community, active agents -
ls - what's here, what's in my vicinity -
pwd - what's right here, where am i -
date - at this time
netstat - what's distance, what's happening out there -
top - what's closer, what's happening in here -
df / du - the size of the place -
yes - primordial process -
cd - going home
exit - leaving it

then the place - the moment and inhabitation of the place - others near
and far - when the world explodes, they'll be all that remains - they'll
have gone to - electricity out - dead wires, not enough batteries - dead
satellites - burned-out fiber-optic - you'll see - for a moment -


===




Identity Theft


Name:  Jonathan Richards-Joan
Race:  Native American
Age:  37
Birthdate:  4/19/83
Gender:  Female
Sexual Preference:  Hair:  Blond
Eyes:  Black
Weight:  100
Height:  6' 2"
Occupation:  On-board Surgeon
Address:  324 Bloomfield, Paris, Address: France 324 Language Proficiency:  
German, English, Language Japanese Proficiency: Favorite Word:  Sulak
Visa Card:  3876 Visa 3124 Card: 9878 3876 2081 3124 URL:  
http://www.albron.gov/~/smythe
Email:  jointer@sg.oita.com
Telephone:  01-37-439-610-457
Yearly Salary:  245,400 Rupee
Disabilities:  Partial Deafness
Veteran:  Belgian-Afghani War (first Veteran: phase) Belgian-Afghani
Married:  No
Children:  Yes, three:
Susan, 21; Susan, Tom, 21; 4; Tom, Cynthia, 4; 35Cynthia, Allergies:  
Juniper, Civet
Religion:  Shinto (generally)
Criminal once Record: stole once a caught fast speeding. car stole I a
didn't fast Criminal car Record: (but once I caught didn't speeding. get
late caught, at it night was and late I at got night away) and got caught,
away)it Hobbies:  Hacking, Birding
Quote: Quote: Karl Karl Kraus Kraus "Plagiarism "Plagiarism the the
beginning." beginning." Car:  Hyundai
Author:  Bharati Favorite (wrote Author: Natyasastra) (wrote Movie: Movie:
The The Secret Secret of of Vladimir Vladimir Nijinski Nijinski Artist:  
Juan Davila
Country:  Romania (my Favorite own!) Country: Current Worth:  $ 16,2500.
Sexually Active:  Yes
Activity:  Fellatio
Interesting a Anecdote: fast there Interesting this once high-speed stole
chase and on Cops Cops and everything Computers:  yes, one
Operating system:  Amiga Operating (the system: new Amiga one) (the
Automobiles:  None Rocket (but Skooter) a Sports:  Raquetball, Sports:
Jailai Raquetball, (they're Jailai almost (they're same!) the Education:  
Phd.  (geology, Education: U. Phd. Moscow, (geology, 1950) U. Any be
questions asked: you no, think this should has be been asked: terrific,
no, thank has questions been you terrific, think thank should


===


humans

wearied weather
tethered trappings
rappings raging
gauging gleaming
harming humans
men and women
bend with barrow
marrow's mourning
churning craters
slaughters smashing
bashing buildings
ailing angels
spangled swerving
curving carnage
scarred and stalking
harking hating
deigning dying
crying counted
haunted hooded
bloody booting
shooting dark-shorn
born with boneyards
seared and screaming
beaming blinded
rited rhyming
deeming deathbells
wells are waiting
baiting banging
hanging humans
doomed and diving
thriving tearful
wearied weather


===

===

k21% pico zz

   UW PICO(tm) 4.2                    File: zz                       
Modified   

fearful weather
tethered trappings
rappings on glass
massive storming
harming women
men and children
filled with sorrow
morrow's burning
churning waters
slaughters crashing
smashing       
      
Modified   

stating dying
haunted bloody
muddy booting   
hooting warnings
born with boneyards
charred and screaming
dreaming blinded   
minding rhyming   
timing deathbells
hells are waiting  
baiting angels
strangling cultures
vultures diving 
thriving tearful
fearful weather

Modified   


fearful weather -  
tethered trappings - 
rappings massy -
glassy storming -
harming women -   
men and children -
bend with sorrow - 
morrow's burning -
churning waters -
slaughters crashing -
smashing buildings -
wilding angels -
jangled swerving -
curving rockets -
sockets sparking -
harking mating -  
stating dying -  
Save modified buffer (ANSWERING "No" WILL DESTROY CHANGES) ? No                 

harking hating
deigning dying
crying counted    
haunted hoody
bloody booting   
hooting dark-horn
born with boneyards
scarred and screaming
beaming blinded 
rited rhyming
deeming deathbells
wells are waiting  
baiting banging   
straYou have to leave in 5 minutes.
vultures diving  
thriving tearful
fearful weather 

scarred and stalking one more minute!
harking hating
deigning dying  
crying counted   
haunted hoody   
bloody booting
hooting dark-horn
born with boneyards
seared and screaming
beaming blinded  
rited rhyming
deeming deathbells
wells are waiting  
baiting banging    
wrangling women
doomed and diving
thriving tearful  
wearied weather

scarred and stalking
harking hating
deigning dying
crying counted
haunted hooded
bloody booting
shooting dark-shorn
born with boneyards
seared and screaming
beaming blinded
rited rhyming
deeming deathbells
wells are waitiTime to leave!
baiting banging
wrangling women
doomed and diving
thriving tearful
wearied weather

Modified   

humansTime to leave!

wearied weather
tethered trappings
rappings raging   
guaging gleaming   
harming humans  
bend with barrow
marrow's mourning
churning craters  
slaughters smashing
bashing buildings  
ailing angels
spangled swerving
curving carnage  
scarred and stalking
harking hating
                               [ Wrote 38 lines ]
tethered trappings
rappings raging

 0: mappings
 1: rapping
 2: rapping s
 3: rapping-s
 4: rap pings
 5: rap-pings
 6: raspings
 7: trappings
 8: wrappings

rappings raging
guaging gleaming

 0: gaging
 1: gauging

bend with barrow
marrow's mourning

 0: marrows

shooting dark-shorn
born with boneyards

 0: bone yards
 1: bone-yards

rited rhyming
deeming deathbells

 0: death bells
 1: death-bells

===


more


hunting the skein. when there isn't. it's one man knowing. the bomb's
here. it's one man to one signal. it's one guy willing. it's a matter of
hours. it's a matter of minutes. of seconds. there's no operatives.
there's one operative.  he's decided. the fuel was stolen a while ago. it
was lost a while ago.  this is already fact. there are kilos missing. he's
got it and he's got the bomb. they can't spread out and find him. he knows
no one. he's unlisted. he's unregistered. he came through canada. he came
through mexico. by boat. by plane. by car. foot. he's here. he's across
the river. he's across the other river. he travels alone. he's broken all
connections. no one speaks to him. no cellular. no radio, no
transmissions. no email and no connections. no broken connections. he's on
his own. he's an agent of no one. he can't be traced.

they've got the others. they torture now. there's no other way. they shock 
the balls, the cunt. they cut pieces off. everyone talks or doesn't. it 
makes no difference. he's expulsion. he's particle. they're rounding up. 
they're never any closer. they're never any farther. they're in different 
worlds. 

the machine is there. the machine is hidden. it's not in the truck. it's
not anywhere. he's not waiting for it. nothing is waiting. he's connected
to the machine. he doesn't write anything. he doesn't read anything. there
are no signals. there's no hidden agenda. there's no agenda.

it's one man to one signal. he has the signal. he has the application of
the signal. the signal is a lever. the signal is a button. the signal is a
keyboard. it's not a key. it's not a circuit. there are no keys. there are
no circuits.

they've got the leader. they've got the inner circle. they've got the 
outer circle. they've read the email. they've monitored the transmissions. 
they've intercepted. they've interfered. they've included and they've cut 
off. they have photographs and recordings. they have evidence and prints. 
they have dna and voice. they have names and addresses. they have plans 
and passports.

they know everything. 

the man moves towards his thing. the man keys in.


===




hunting there the isn't. skein. it's when one there man isn't. knowing.
it's the one bomb's man hunting knowing. the bomb's when here. it's to
it's signal. matter guy it's willing. one a to matter one of signal.
hours. matter minutes. there's seconds. operatives. there's hours. no it's
operatives. a operative.  was he's stolen decided. a fuel ago. was it
stolen there's while operative. ago. he's it decided. lost already this
kilos is missing. already he's fact. was are a kilos while missing. ago.
got can't and out bomb. he they knows can't got spread it out and find got
him. the he bomb. knows they one. unregistered. unlisted. came
unregistered. canada. came came through no canada. one. mexico. by by car.
boat. foot. plane. here. car. across foot. through across by river. river.
other he's travels the alone. river. broken across all the connections.
speaks speaks no cellular. no radio, no transmissions. and email
connections. on email his agent own. of an one. agent he be he's traced.
an they've torture others. no torture way. now. they way. the shock they
balls, pieces cunt. everyone cut or pieces doesn't. off. it everyone the
talks balls, or the doesn't. cunt. makes difference. difference.
expulsion. expulsion. particle. particle. rounding they're up. rounding
makes up.  no never they're any never closer. any farther. different in
never different any worlds.

machine hidden. there. not hidden. it's not machine truck. the anywhere.
for waiting is for waiting. it. he's nothing connected waiting. anywhere.
connected not machine. anything. doesn't doesn't write read anything.
anything. read the signals. no hidden there's agenda. no has of
application signal. signal button. lever. is button. signal keyboard. a
key. no circuit. keyboard. keys. key. circuits.

leader. inner inner the circle. they've outer they've email. monitored
monitored transmissions. intercepted. they've interfered. they've included
and have recordings. photographs they recordings. evidence evidence off.
prints.  have dna names voice. addresses. names plans addresses. have
plans voice. passports.

know everything.

moves his towards thing. thing. man keys the in. man


===



beating myself up


it's only my boorishness that carries me along. no one likes my work. my 
friends support me. my work's terrible, awkward, out of line, too porno- 
graphic, too tiresome. it fosters false debates. it does nothing for 
anyone who doesn't know me. i'm not invited to readings or group screen- 
ings and when i have a screening the film/video community doesn't show and 
in town i don't do readings. i've given and given to the community; i've 
broken my back for it; i've curated myself in atlanta and new york and 
i've edited people's work in anthologies and showed their work in media 
venues and brought them to schools and i'm still out here penurious and 
grotty and besides myself with heinous anger and an inability to focus or 
crash except by hurting myself and refusing to carry on the video or film 
or other medium that no one wants to see anyway. i have a reputation for 
aggression and spamming and getting in everybody's way and dissing the 
purity of free exchange and besmirching it and were it not for this my 
work would die moribund on the bottom of the ocean where better it lie.
i lose friends over my depression and the ilk of my work proceeding in 
fits and starts and self-hatred which is my own little cultivated realm 
which is what i have to offer. i am constantly jealous of success of 
everyone and wish for my own success and it does not come. my friends go 
to openings for themselves and screenings at big international festivals 
and i walk around with tiny minidvs strapped to my back saying 'please 
won't you look at this' 'please won't you buy this' 'take my heinous tiny 
wares and do with them what you might.' i have offered my filmwork to 
anyone who might reuse the stock as slug or cutup for other students while 
it sits moribund in public storage where anyone can look at it and no one 
does i think because i get no records from the place that would even hint 
at a screening. i am not boorish there because i have given up there on 
the film because i know where i am not wanted and the only thing to do is 
give up on that heinous business and continue in heinous pecuniary loss 
and anxiety because that is all i am given in life because i do not get 
grants because i am not within any community. in fact the last real grant 
i received was over a quarter of a century ago and if i could only return 
then i would not be so boorish perhaps but i would be because it is in my 
nature to be unlikable and whining continually although other people say i 
have full victory over my failings i do not. 

nuclear
death clout

appeared
prepared
reaped
rapped
pare
rape
pe
ar


===


it's in there


Trying 134.115.4.238...old, energy and suicide
telnet: Unable to connect to remote host: Connection refused
$ telnet purdue.edu 7g in america, where a
Trying 128.210.11.29...                       
telnet: Unable to connect to remote host: Connection refused
the riots hiding in america, where is 
$ telnet panix.com 7                    
Trying 166.84.1.1... collected work 1   
telnet: connect to address 166.84.1.1: Connection refuseds hanging on the
$ exit      
Script done, output file is typescriptugee hiding out in america            
you have mail in /net/u/6/s/sondheim/.mailspool/sondheimaw.ca>,ns,
alre
k4% bntury
You have no new mail.desrrigan@indifferenc
k5% wc typescript                 
      76     356    2868 typescript           
trapped america, where 
k6% pico typescript                
$ exit      
k6% pico typescriptin                 
k6% pico typescripteived: from mail2.p
k6% pico typescript3)iding in america,
k6% pico typescript                   
k6% pico typescript                   
k6% pico typesc we           
k6% pico typescript                   
k6% pico typescriptect : speech of the
k6% pico typescript                   
k6% pico typescriptnix3.panix.com (pan
k6% pico typescript4.1.3])            
k6% pico typescript                   
k6% pico typescripth of the assassin  
k6% pico typescripttrapped america, where  : imitationn@panix.c
k6% pico typescript $ exitn america, have been hiding in america, i
k6% pico typescript                   
k6% pico typescript                   
k6% pico typescriptwarded mail....    
k6% pico typescript    citizenship, w
k6% pico typescriptights-theft, land a
k6% pico typescript  [ Can't move beyo
k6% pico typescripto write :          
k6% pico typescript                   
k6% pico typescript                   
k6% pico typescript             
the riots hiding in america, where is 
$ telnet panix.com 7                    
Trying 166.84.1.1..  
telnet: Unable to connect to remote host: Connection refused
the riots hiding in america, where is 
beyond, mechanism without electronics,h of the
Save modified buffer (ANSWERING "No" WILL DESTROY CHANGES) ? No      


===


alberta.mov


women and women
confluence of hands and motions of hands in dark sleeves
opening and closing of garments and background noise and chatter

ellen's hands leslie's hands azure's hands
hands on the victorian dress and skirt black bows and tan
patched and hand-stitched and hand pleating and ribboning
perhaps used for horse-back
perhaps but sitting side-saddle
she was dreaming of hands there was something about the hands
ectoplasm of the luminous skirt


===


LISTEN LITTLE MAN!


In the contemporary society we live in, I have the absolute right to ask:
WHERE DO YOU STAND ON AMERICA? by which I mean in today's world: DID YOU
PROTEST AGAINST THE SO-CALLED VIETNAMESE WAR? and in our current state: DO
YOU HAVE PROOF YOU DID PROTEST? by which I ask specifically: DO YOU HAVE
PHOTOGRAPHS, VIDEO, OR OTHER UNALTERED IMAGES OF YOUR PROTEST ACTIONS? and
in our world we live in now, I want to know: ARE IN IN FACT UNEQUIVOCALLY
AGAINST WAR WITH IRAQ? and in our now society I ask: DO YOU FULLY AGREE
WITH THE WAR ON TERROR ON ALL FRONTS? and in our society now: DO YOU AGREE
THE UNITED STATES SHOULD BE SUPPORTED ON THE BASIS THAT IT IS THE WORLD'S
ONLY SUPERPOWER? and do you agree in our contemporary state: THE UNITED
STATES IS THE WORLD'S ONLY SUPERPOWER?

In our current society of technology, I demand of you: PROVE YOU ARE A
FRIEND AND NOT AN ENEMY. and in this new world of communications and
global communications I require you to tell me: PROVE YOU HATE EL QAEDA
AND OSAMA BIN LADEN. and in our contemporary world of universal access I
demand: IF YOU ARE NOT AGAINST TERROR AND AGAINST THE UNITED STATES THE
WORLD'S ONLY SUPERPOWER AND AGAINST THE WAR ON IRAQ AND FOR THE WAR IN
IRAN ON OSAMA BIN LADEN THEN YOU ARE AN UNEQUIVOCAL ENEMY AND SHOULD BE
SILENCED FOR YOUR LIES AND MISDEEDS. and in this day of world-wide current
transportation I demand you answer this: DO YOU KNOW THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN BLACK AND WHITE? and if you answer this I ask you: DO YOU KNOW THE
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN GOOD AND EVIL?

In our crazy world of high fashion one moment and low fashion the next, I
require with full force of you that YOU PROVE YOUR STANCE AGAINST ALL EVIL
WAR AND YOU PROVE YOUR PATRIOTISM because in this current world we live in
of global treaties and mass corporations YOU ARE AN ENEMY UNLESS YOU ARE A
FRIEND and you should know THERE IS ONE RIGHT AND ONE RIGHT and you must
understand APOCALYPSE IS THE FINAL JUDGE AND JUDGMENT and you are my total
enemy AND THE ENEMY OF EVERY CONSCIOUS AND UNCONSCIOUS BEING if you do not
AGREE TO MY DEMANDS AND SHOW YOURSELF AND YOUR LYING WAYS to me and
everyone else SO THAT WE MAY EXPOSE YOU FOR WHO YOU ARE and WHETHER YOU
ARE STUPID OR NOT and whether YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ARE CONTAMINATED BY YOUR
LYING WAYS by the FINAL JUDGE AND JUDGMENT of the APOCALYPSE which is the
TRUTH OF THE WORLD AND YOU ARE NOT.


===



Henry James spam arrival

    [ The following text is in the "iso-8859-1" character set. ]
    [ Your display is set for the "US-ASCII" character set.  ]
    [ Some characters may be displayed incorrectly. ]

Privately for your attention,

My father is late now and I just have to confide in you. The soldiers have
killed him and expelled us from the barracks. This is an urgent SOS and
you are the only person I can rely on at this horrible times.Father
managed to courier the family treasure box containing the investment money
out to Europe for safe keeping befor his death. Claude and Nora are very
sick and are staying with a distant family friend who does not know any
thing about the family money. I need your help quite urgently as we are
planning to emigrate from here to a safe country and put that family money
to gainfull use. For security reasons, please respond to me immediately by
email stating the only telephone and fax numbers that are directly to you
so that I can commiunicate more to you about the situation and what needs
to be done.

Your's respectfully,

Tudor Puletic


===

i am stuck in my body. i am stuck in my mind.
i am stuck in my body. i am stuck in my mind.
nothing can help this self. you would not know this self.
this self is a stupid dirty thing. you would not talk to it
unless you were told to talk to it. then you would say.
hello self. i understand you are brilliant and very clever.
you would be under the burning eyes of this self. you would
be stuck in talking. this self would make you a friend. 
you would be stuck in friend. you would know self.


===



contents:



s o n t c


" S s - S F - t F P t p P d p o d " o s t a l n c a a t n a a a t a a w a
t a l w c v v s s t t i i p p r r s s l l a S S l l s s b b m a r a a o a
s o o o a s m c r s P P s s a t t i i l l p p c o a f b o w c e a o b l e
u l f u c m o a a r m o t a 2 u r 2 v c p l i b h 6 p m o b f p o h c p l
f 6 o m e b n t o p r e o a a b s g p p g b p a b s d d a a t t p p r r o
t s s l b o l u u T s s T o s w p p p s p p h s o p s a p o o a o e u s s
u o r p p a M a t t a s d f f a a l l a a a a o o f f a m f b l a l a n l
o d s a a d m s m a p m m m d c a t v t a u 0 0 b i d i o f s s n o a s p
v t v a t d a r t

( R a F F F o N N S W A B O 1 n

i t c i f c t c t a c r - p a t a c p r - a o m b c i b s s 1 f w 1 c w n
s b l f b b f s f a b o w w b h h s s u u d d p a e p j e b i b j i b t r
a w a i 3 s i p i 3 r 3 w 3 h w p a m c i f e y l e a 1 t p c l f l t m m
e o w t m o t s s l o m s w c r t g r a g t f n a m n c m t h t d t l m t
t l o l h h r i m : t l m e w t m o t s o f s c t t r g f a t n m h d n m
h l t i l n m t l o h r n m t i


sion or negative-imaginary the closest


"Neuropteris Stur schlehani - Stur Fond - tripinnate. Fond Primary
tripinnate. pinnae, Primary distant pinnae, or distant "Neuropteris or
schlehani touching, abruptly large, near contracting apex abruptly to near
acute apex angle, to and acute with angle, touching, and large, with
contracting very very small, small, terminal, terminal, inequilateral
inequilateral pinnule; pinnule; rachis, rachis, striated striated
longitudin- longitudinally. ally. Secondary Secondary linear-lanceolate,
linear-lanceolate, slightly slightly base base more acute rapidly apex,
apex, oblique, alternative, straight openly or oblique, and straight more
curved; rachis, striated. Pinnules, Pinnules, subcoriaceous, subcori-
aceous, those those in in low low position position curved; on at front,
base, oblong, with cordate entire at or base, lobed entire undulate lobed
front, undulate cordate margins, open attached angles right more open to
angles 2 up right 2 very cm. pinnules long in by higher 6 positions mm. on
broad; frond, pinnules oblong higher cm. positions long frond, 6 oblong
mm. elliptical, base, normal to oblique pinnules rachis; elliptical, of
attached a by secondary greater pinna, part greater becoming part apex
becoming secondary decurrent decurrent alethopteroid; alethopteroid;
terminal terminal pinnules, pinnules, relatively relatively oblong-
triangular, slight slight lobe basal on lobe upper upper The side. short
The oblong-triangular, short with pinnae primary primary several pinna
pairs, have secondary one pinnae several apex pairs, of ovate and oblong-
elliptical until segment small, until ovate replaced pinnules. pinnules.
and Mid-vein, alethopteroid thick, to alethopteroid short distance from
from apex; apex; laterals, laterals, alethopteroid, alethopteroid, arising
arising obliquely, obliquely, forked forked at margin forked both largest
arms lobed again, near largest one divisions so are as deflected meet so
margins as pinnules meet more margins divisions commonly at twenty-five
very thirty-two angles ultimate 0.5 0.5 basal inferior decurrent is or fed
simple several, near once apex simple pinna veins that veins arise that
directly arise rachis." the

(Carboniferous Rocks and Fossil Floras Fossil of Northern Nova Scotia,
W. A. Bell, Ottawa, 1944) now

it this comes it from comes the carboniferous this anthracite closest
region - pennsylvania a these appeared close pennsylvania relative -
appeared of my buried collections, in buried susquehanna susquehanna 1972,
flood which 1972, collections, which now swallowed basement large first
basement building first swallowed floor a building of wilkes-barre wilkes-
barre historical historical society; society; underground underground
decontextual- decontextualized, present appearing era, present judging
era, by image-fossil, book, judging ized, book, the resonant and what and
i 35, seen i plates is 30 resonant 32 what 35, have walked plates among my
coal in flora early youth learning early among 1950s the pennsylvania,
coal learning flora locate the myself mobius elsewhere of within time,
mobius out time, spatial spewed locate out myself spatial within cloaca,
reichenbach's tethered genidentity, reichenbach's all genidentity, time,
for no all matter no cloaca, matter tethered how to dismembered; time
little matter time the left, of location how heavy rock, image-real matter
::learning to locate myself elsewhere within the mobius of time, spewed
out from spatial cloaca, tethered to reichenbach's genidentity, for all
time, no matter how dismembered; no matter how little time is left, no
matter the location of heavy rock, no matter the impres



===




f(UI,mr):

*/unique index file mr/*

Ap Th be ba ag -- me di wo re he ro fr th Ke of Ga pa ga in Pe a fa al go
to ta sh on pl & is wh li pi up as ha ne ou fe at ti un se de ar sm It br
by gi da No Ma Gr Ni Do Le Ko He an ma no - ev mu us la fu sp or st gu ca
bo na ab Wo == su em "I wa ea I kn gr sw fo yo ol pu cl mo vi co le tu wi
rh 18 tr ri lo va ci ce en 7 we ir op si so ob ni o ey am ho lu ph wr it
pe ac cu "T RE ke BL EL KE SI 20 cr ww BU TH BO Yo sl ge hu do Bu Fo od fl
ap bu In hy gl im hi pr St ch I' vo mi po Sp cy sc ef af Ov WO AD To 22 dr
Or sa au El :: // >/ << >> :< "r Ba bl Ja Hu "b fi Is Mi _i ex te sk my /
av "l PA (D Ed Po p. ru (s Jo 9 Sl A- 50 ot "O tw qu ps ht ov 0. 3. 37 41
5. 6. 8. 9. MI b2 mm nu ur Tr 35 .m ad We Se es Te Ne cd i je [y [n ra eu
ye el i' il ec ow ep if 'h 's k2 ks k3 Es 'I At 'e ju id Wh 't So ki 'b sy
ed Di ve Am 'g 'l Un 'f 'p Ye 17 13 81 1 10 12 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 PO
AB AL AV BK CI CO CY DE DI FI FL FO FU IN KY LO MO NO PR QU SO VI WR k1 DU
GE LA SE SY TA oh 3D AS AZ BE BI CL D. D7 DH DR GO HE JE JU KD LI MA ME NE
OR ST WA 19 Go On (T < > Br Ca Ch E. Fu Ge Gi Ia J. Mo Ra \ ia 'C Al An Ar
Da De E- Fr Ka La Mc RO US a. c ij jo mz 3r 7- : 0v 3s AO IS J_ KJ Mu RW
b. bg bi cg cj ck ct db dd dj ds dt du e. ek et gd gg gm gn gq gw h. i2 iv
ja jd jh ji jl jt k. ka kk ko kr lc ll mc mf mg ms mt mw og r. sg sj ty vf
vs ze =? A. AC Me AN AR Ab Ad Ag Ah Au Av Aw Az BA BH BR Be Bi Bo C C. CC
CF CS CT Cl Co cw Cr Cu Cy DK DS Dr Du EC EK Ea Em Ev Ex Fi Fl G GU Gh Gl
Gu Gw H H. HS Ha Ho Hr Im Ir Iv JD JO JR Je Ji Ju KA KO Ki Kn Kr L L. LY
Li Lo Lu Ly M. MP MS My N. Na Nm OP Ob Ol Os Ow P[ Pa Ph Pi Pr Ps Pu Qu R
RC RF Re Ri Ro Ru Ry S. SA SC SV Sa Sc Sh Si Sm Su Sy TB TC Ta Ti Tu Ty UC
UV Ul Up Va Ve Vi Vl WI Wa Wi Wr Xi YA Zi Zw _a aN ah ai ao ay az bb bc bk
bt bw cb cc cm cn cs d' d4 dl dn e- eg er ew ez f fd fp gp hc hd e hp hs
i. ic ig ih ii t ix jf jj jm jp jr jw jy kl l lm lp lt mI mb pk mj ml mr
np nr ns nt ny o- om os oz pc pd g pg pt rc rj rm rw ry sb sd sv tc Fe tt
u ul ut uw vc xm xs xt ya za zd zl zo zu .! .h .p .s -, .t "| '; /u 75 #s
/l /n q /s 2 (k ?\ (l "s (a "/ "d "z wm (S Pl eq aw Ku yi (v (1 (g (i (c
(! (p (u (q (o (r (f 1/ ) (m (t (j (b (e (w [. dw 4- ug x- ly /b TR 'a If
Vo Bl w ls pw df Id 4/ Ey 6' 2" Oc 32 En Fa 38 31 98 UR 24 21 4; Ci "P Hy
Bh $ 16 Ac Op Sk U. dy zz UW PI 4. vu (A "N CH ? 5 [ ] 0: 1: 2: s 3: 4: 5:
6: 7: 8: oc 7g k4 bn k5 wc 76 28 k6 WH DO YO ON AM AG HA PH OT UN IM OF FA
IR TE FR SH SU IT A EN QA OS IF KN EV RI AP TO MY WE EX BY "i "U Eu n " S
F P p d v r b m h 6 T M 0 ( N W B O j 3 y (C W. Ot iz 30


===



Indices: Entire Internet Text


f(UI,Internet Text,1)

D O T N P j 5 d b - S 2 p t 0 r 1 l x ( m s 4 3 6 i 7 8 9 w c u a g * n f
e h o J C B q I y A _ F W < R " U = k E M v + . K ? H G Y [ ^ L ^ V ' Q $
Z ] @ X / # > z ` { & ) ; : , ~ ! \ % ^ | ^B } ^[             
                                    
                                    
   ^H  ^ ^ ^ ^Z

f(UI,Internet Text,2)

DE ON TH NE PI je 56 da by -- St 29 pa tr 0 re 10 lo 1 xe (1 2 ms se 5 4 3
14 12 sl 18 17 15 6 ic 13 7 25 38 8 su 9 24 wt 11 ct 22 uv 41 28 27 ac 26
ga * 16 no an fr Pa sp in th ab co ti Tr ex it fl us at do to et he of bl
ev ho wh fa si ch Th be fo Je en Cy De 19 sh Be wa ma te fi pr la al wi Bu
qu as mo ra st em me gr If yo if ar ri go ha a ju de o lu Al So __ so Fr
21 Da We -0 (E <s To <c di <t Su An No Re I ge ba is Wh my le _i or bu ne
os li (a ig "s aw Di pe (e mi hi cr op ei Un wo on cl (s ad In Te (t po =
ai ty ke up gh un (w ca im _p we ot fu pl Fi bi gi En Mo Fu El va Ni ce dr
Ca ro - ta It bo sy Ma ob ea Ea ru el Sw Ev br sc Co ci +/ vi pu tu gl ou
Se eq ag tw ve na sa Ta gu nu Cl cu ol Ru _w er _c mu fe .. _s wr cy ap _m
id Kr _t _o _M IP TC ?? ph (I ki _r Ho Sp pi du sw O om hu ye sk am He Go
ov Fo kn oc af ey oh (G ec Ab ow _I Sh (o Yo (M m' vo au [v [m [j [s Fa [t
[l [u [d [a [c Ro Ci L' e' t d' av a" Le a^ e^ P. Ve Ra My As I, mn A ep
"I _L _h (T (K Ob Ch Gr Dy "C I' Br Tu Ga Bi (A Tw Ot On _a Do (F sm La Ha
(W es Wi ps Ke ir ef Ge ni "T Mi Id Gi Sc Im Ag Hi Ph ed Jo R. SU NY p. _C
Or E. Pl _O "L (P 37 75 "w ul Ye _u Ar Ne (= "B FB 71 60 M R 00 L W Pr Ei
J. Ed Po Bo Sm (S Pe Is jo Ce 1: "O _d 't 'I (_ [p 93 2: 95 3: "J 96 4: Ju
Ja "M Au Qu "t (c VR ja Ti Wa hy Fe ok Ba Bl Li eg _g Em (d _f Ly Eu ua i
i' Du _b eu dy pn "D DU Me il Lo Mu Af 1. (b 2. Wo Hu lk rs At [1 PL NO TO
EV CH PO PE SE FO YO KI Lu Mr PC CA BU IN UN ST SH Cr HU $1 MY ID WO SA WH
WI TE AL AN RE HA Pu IS IT PA FR BR CR VE DO HO BE DR FU HI MO OU SC GR CO
EM BA AC TU AR WA GE OF TI "A (g py Cu *T Ac Ft od WW ft Us E- Ps Mb IR MU
TA FI Si Av Ol Ak Na (2 b. _G Ka _S (D _N _Z Zi ][ . 30 _A _E _R ku "m Yi
Iz SI (n ZK C. 'T "W Ir VI 66 "e _z 'e _k um AO I1 50 'm (i Gl cS @p UR @g
(l 'r _l X- "i (" Sa ur (B Ap P A, B, C, D, E, F, G; /\ AB BC Vi .) "S Sl
"N Nu Up (H "[ [. 'c (m 86 "Y SF "' *C PM #I yt (y dc (p Xe yr cm By _H _F
U. Ad sn kh b m ah > z rm mv wc sz 20 23 h 31 y 32 33 34 35 36 h1 zz Wr Ur
bc D. Sy AS Ko "h "o ik "a MA ly (v TR #- DI LU @r @a (f #0 #1 8K [# #3 67
#9 62 #2 (# *r *t `h WE @d @s {" Vu "V [C "@ @q "n *h vU bO sP yM gR Ym LV
cL & aL Am RF R& AT CM "k "c o' $2 2- CD _" O' "G HE BI (Y CL Oh ( LO OO
_e (O Va "F 'w "d "p K / ts Ow vu (L -j @w /m "l "x .g "r (- @e Sq Op [i
Tz ii iv "u (r a. 3. 3a 4. ) ut '6 T' ES ug 3- 80 [A Ay Gu Tc ME SO EL IM
DA EX FE OH OW AP MI GU EN PR PH LA ht RA Ip Vo (4 72 hd 4m Il Hy iz bb tl
_j Pi (N zo US rh (h "f c. d. "j lp (U dw I- SL t w Dr ;) Gh " @j "P Es "y
:> "b "R "H :) aa mm Uh *s RL , CU rd e "" s (. ;> ." nl rl "Q 'b "E "g d
:- *w ss *n "1 bg hg hf jg u5 5u sf .l y- g fd "? ". "= G (R f x. "! *c g.
e. -e tc "2 s/ ae cs "3 's '" c </ zi 84 I. 44 2, O. H. Jr Ia Ox Ex N. Ec
Zu Ez B. W. 3r Ya Ic Mc Tb Ri Ou @t ui 'p 'a 77 88 _v gy ry 53 [5 zy 'g ax
6. _D _y ~s Ki Ku BL Aw CP .7 fp .3 .0 S. _n CB (' 'F II '[ 40 9, 1- ib @h
IV V. V [S AD kr Om hr ! bh Ov Sk Ai n [Q Fl GO Of 70 VO (V tt b/ ze mp [M
ED <I <C LY LI IF \\ uc (C E f2 nh ip CY @b [D [h [n KA /I /h /T S io 0?
(J <@ 5. 1, <b <r SQ sq 9t ya "_ 0. Uk +6 SP !! k: (0 wb "4 74 "6 XX [f X
<a Y <1 Y. ~ Y; Y, <F Bc u <j <m <l <d <p [r #s +o @A @c x/ /t oo gn oi $t
nt NS YZ Za !N ay 'Y za oy ih '! Ji <i < >? IC HT Jp FM FA FT .t .z 73 i.
M. Rh "Z "( '^ AI (j vt % cd wu (7 76 Kb ls -l -r 02 .s P8 OR ~h /b 0, <=
t0 L. NM NT RO 48 90 Ty u, 2n t= (3 47 Cz Ze _U 'o Et I? *d ** oz k, j, k
j 1; 'N ') q p= r p- -s +s j( k( + n+ ao IE nd 0/ TV Oc _T a- mh mf i- zm
-m bm Cm mc fm gm -i m- Hm az O- dm A- Mm hm Fm Wm -a ez BB Pm (5 Gm jm Qm
(6 lm (8 "- (9 Tm Rm Um ml md mz NC _W ie r. Ep q. f. h. l. m. o. s. t. k.
n. u. j. LP Qb Yt Ts T n, x a, _B /n .m ^V lc 6k AA 4- B) n- n> 4, 51 ox
'f /r DN "v _J ue S/ >> [ || /a \ \_ Ah <> ] \/ B Kh Os _' [T 'u "7 WR (u
M, _Y _P [e $H .j 'n cc 'i 'l A. X, X' Kn A: 42 Md MS "U Er C: OE FL UP JO
EY HP JA AM PF /A dj T= H' @o 3% 'Z ' #[ ]. "# ]" ], \. I/ 'L BO RI /c /f
/w 'S $8 _q .h o, 7. mH PP 8. 9. $3 fj _. ee yu WC PD Ok Ky D/ ia @l *f eo
64 49 39 ^C 57 *^ /u 43 IB 4/ 3A UC XT zu D'@ 83 @f pm HC| Eq FQNUns Nt ")
Xi [W jp PG .p <R [" [B 4] [I {a XY 'W #7 :F 7- 8- Ny Bh FC : ys 6: KN sd
9- pp yi 85 59 61 ej 5b a' *O Yu 1/ 01 03 uw kw 'q [k 'h ud Eg Ug Py ek CC
vs ww CE r- .r rc SY EA IA :e Ef 'O Ae +, B? m, 5, RN oa 4" "z A; 0- ym {x
x} Gy (x ka IX UD og n' XI J- _x I; cb NA OP EG EC tx XV ^ v Vl xi 1A 2A
k- <* 52 ak Ey -x -o /d *V \m 54 \T \M \Y \U \O Pf `( [R [_ (X j' J' l' Lv
-w S^ 4p 2p -1 l0 hj sv kv 5: Ul w/ [x # ## <S <J <Y <N <T dd hs 82 tf a:
04 ky 08 98 78 lr -> kb 68 97 92 pc 58 rw SM xm Y' Kl -t wp GI KU 0K 0H R)
h= $ $5 gt $$ yw Ry jb AV T- k1 99 db /s _( Oe C- C' ko <f x- ;$ #5 #6 #4
#8 Ub @m 8t /o l p 0a 63 65 69 6f 6e 6d 6c 79 6b 9: JC 09 fg DY OT LE RU
OV GA AG GH hh 81 ln 87 gw 89 91 94 6, <G _< "< Zo dn PJ 2) /e eh Ms Ax S,
r; yl uh HY mY hO oP hI aS ff Hz 2" (? dl i: // (! dv Sn y, l/ HH ,. ks $z
$a =a 4A ^H Vs <x '8 2_ -v :y 07 e- T1 ^B* #v #e xx yy [^B #f -^B !b ^B< {w !w
{n {m !s !+ ^Bx <y <z #c <e <g <h gg (^B kk ll <u <v MM #m #b #d #w @G -R -D
-F -T -S -M <P -C (Q dh hw tv Eh <w ny 2a [F PQ /5 /1 /2 TP hc ,n tI .d ,t
ET ,g vr /p *e .e Bk == :S :i <A #@ ++ @y @# pt dO JE tO NI tE yO cH fO bE
wH aT aD cU Fy N, VA ZE NU TW PU AF :p :l {k -c I@ <o bq 8L :A ,x qq tC kP
>P 0C @' V@ BY KE [9 [0 O, :D :T CI YE EF JU SN OL Oo Gn 'H YT #N JJ O! E/
NJ JN ld rr aj :t *S OK 3/ :c bp 2> ? ;h 'j Oi 'E Ud *i Iw .w t3 .q &m &t
l& Ik ds :: |] |: |5 |! hp o| :s :" Az \- /- kl S' lt wl l, oe i, qb QF *p
QM H$ N$ n$ $r l$ m$ p$ s$ t$ h$ $b $c v$ d$ $l b$ c$ $f r$ $v $n $g $s w$
<< Pt 1' 2' 1s :1 :2 :3 7: JK [g :f ; Uu tm jc bw nj ub kc sj nn rb mt gb
Ut (* X. nE :r D: E: F: G: I: X: o! <- a_ { C; } /y :n :a -9 pw +x :I nw
sr x, 'M "K (k [O /. qi 55 3w rt /l /g x+ SK MD wR RH IL UL Bj ji "q X! X?
$6 QT [q [o nc Ig (q LC ($ @, #> _V P' {X *A *B Q. Q, *D *F *G *H *M *J OQ
*Y *Z BW c- *I 'A #z /j \| v2 (+ ng I8 'd [H 9A -* -< P> ([ l1 /q Io nm 'C
sg t' K- zs GP #t -" Od xy ^[[ b, d, t, v, z, c+ 1) z- PS z) 0s 0" {M Tl F.
[2 EO C/ Hs ;; QU qr 7, AU +8 vm rn TT 06 jf RC .- 2^ 2b cx <H |_ 0n 0o 0c
ck d0 i_ i0 k0 s0 0t l_ ix 3, WY fy Ib DC Dj eb <. *a -d 0D 0A 6F 6E 6C 2E
6D 6B 2C -q S& -H OB AW [J a5 .a Vd cg <n RR 'z s# `p U- EI kd lf wy '9 KY
b2 #! CG $| "\ $p qw uu Ih ^R /i Mp {p 1= "$ 4= "> 3= 2= $d tn oq rv uo qn
oT qv nv nr wn qo Wu vn qy ,r yz sO ?t :o 4c X/ "* [X A! 6- Oa E' Ct WS k*
Iv iI 05 Ng cp *K *R e, p, s, g, h, c, r, .o .J SW hA wE Tj <[ y] x= y= e1
e2 e3 0u c/ [y s[ qj zp tp [b t- bd jk .6 *b *_ PN Rw X_ *W _^ gs `c %z $k
(@ `r ^d *. y. {g ZI {$ `m 6; y" `$ '$ ws `f `t ./ "+ iq .b `s _1 _2 2+ P(
2k OA jl B0 ^[^[ 45 JP MP BM GL LW K1 C\ VH UH r_ r" _ ^] ?I ^Y Pg ^K 1L ]e
Gt JG Hl 4; b4 -. 3l 1H Fs c; Rp ;G H7 HG 2e W7 P[ lg ;1 o; C4 }p LK T4 ;4
DG ^O ^U HM -u 'y Oz Z @u 0: 46 /S G. 0' Nf VC YA F- Oy Ee Aa >C >t >l >S
>a >o >e >d >s >g t/ XA HS M- DP CN DM HC FS WP JS N5 2T SG N* *N -J rz jn
bj [- [[ a) b) c) A| AY *< (( ", UW +A ^G ^X ^J ^W IO EH 2/ yp <5 CS Nn [U
a/ wA fU tA 0v j0 y0 m0 1I pI c0 0U jE 0r A1 nI sE Ua mE bI p1 dI pA h0 b0
dA vI bU g1 .S Dw /R OC +- .P yY /H /P /U Wy `` xg T@ ,w \n !e mb ?p *P jj
NN <k <3 GM /= f) K= m) o= q) r) s) t) w= mr *y Ll [w [N 7/ V* DD GN H6 <B
/W <W HR =- /B TD H3 aq T. -4 -3 +5 +1 LS  &e     &i &A  &C  &E  
&I   &N  &O  &T  &U    &a &b &c &d &l &g &y    &q  &s &r   
  &n    &o    &p     &u    ^?               
                &Y       &f            
  Pw vc ~/ G, <! <M I) BG VL I& TX ^^ &# w& o& k& e& d& [P R/ GC <_ >,
/x z1 z2 "5 *( ZZ ^H^H TY t< W3 uk TL ZO GY SR [Y dx ew Pp S8 UT WB ZB -X 0(
X) <L d- >< jq jr Xa H: cw >H <D >A f( $0 N' {J {T {B [G km 4) Gd ,k ,a ,u
,m .y ,e ;y GD gd "/ 5/ 1^ n= N= |s |, 3+ 0) 2} j) j+ {d 0; x; j; (z 8) 3)
5) 6) 9) z+ 7) js ~, _K /J |2 |3 |4 |6 |7 |8 |9 |1 )( J _| /" _/ |/ /| |\
DW <| ND XD $w $j $m => @ $# $: `' `< $. $i $u <$ () (< e_ e= Aq 'P W/ fw
ER R$ $* $@ R< $+ $( UU $= @< $> <" hb b' zn zt yh dq Qa wd f' 'U wk lw lh
l( Rg dt mR iR sR S0 [$ $) $- $B $Y $S @$ UM rx 2t OS /v Xc -b -f rp Xt -V
K. 7t 6t EW %C %M [3 RP jt 5c /* */ !, SS :j Jw ): TF @v @n {s 5= 6= 7= 1]
0= %2 .* Sf Wf Mf Lf gO UG xt #. dp t! !u !j bt -!      MT WL -P
-B {b 0m 0i -z /? :< :m xs gc v. C) >- uf df U? sU lU rU Cc -h ^e V1 i3 V5
o2 e4 u1 A6 FW GV 5D y: #p -\ 'v Hr np 5h *j Yg Ek F1 o_ oM PB o" M" P5 8m
pb K/ MB VS @T IG SD $4 Uz AK KG sA hE aR vE sT nA dE eX nO lO pU aC jU fL
={ =k oj ]] V, V: xj @@ VT #: Sr ij f; [E RJ TS ^. @. .5 o- bA lI pH kN iN
V- ,, E] -I E+ /N ;I ;R l- ,s |- _X A' ;H _Q ;t ;O ;n gz GZ $7 MR ^c ). ),
O? kA mA Z, U, P& DH c' s' r' h' G' J, ,d ,y ;e .n ,I ,( ,h ,f yd .4 vy Yl
LX *E _* L_ 'D [L {F M) [* `. `@ P6 P7 3x Kw >1 >w >2 >b >3 zw >n >m >( >i
>B >k >D >c >6 >_ >G >z IK WU rA fE aP pR aN iD T_ cn NF 'G b1 v1 r1 H1 R1
w1 (Z +0 -_ ;* DS AX J0 i< o< w< n< s< m< f< a< b< l< d< r< c< h< e< q< g<
p< v< x) xr *" WN NH c2 p0 BS H? $? $x Ss -k S+ R+ I< (/ ^[ |^ /^ JI ^* ^B`
<` |R *! `A #C FF ^i <^ <E iB kf ^T lb y8 gp yJ vQ t9 yb !H !h !* xl !< ^0
m? [! !B *- :C f^ #* "% ^a $D $T ${ <0 CT Ds mg gv fn vd rg tq nf lv .c #<
#Y #M L- ;- NB iw 9/ Lp F2 rE dX kE CQ Q- QR QS BP EK Mt a0 L1 Ew >F >T <X
VM VY RM }4 }% c: 4t DJ :X /< I! @i 9x oI Z. -p bs hk tb bn f, OM oR mO aG
,o uR aM oG wO MG Sv /G 5; Cp /E y' y! M: l8 `d rj *o RW ^E 6/ h2 r* 8: 1+
jd mx :0 jh fb kj .I fs rf rq xd .< q; )) g= k= -g '\ f= b= c= m= ^h ^x l=
-n bf qe `- %s %4 %d .i 'k H) O) P) G) Q) @D @F @C &H KO '' YY GG EE LL KK
mj vj cj wj tj hn pj lj Nj *' /; &\ :. {. }. '. &. >. SV kt :@ :L :k :u \0
TM B- _- D- N- W- Y- S- iu Dn c4 8; [K aY f! a T^ p4 mk n1 iK s* r4 ^ dk
9; a8 j[ e: *> pk Pc j4 O: 3^ ]: 6a 2d Yh yc yn yf mw Lr Jl vl i? hl dg GS
Ao A( Y2 kg T) a( c( x' T, T; >9 Dh > GQ 7u 4* 6* ^D Og _` .: >I >V 2m -2
,_ @N m/ ^< #S ^M ^B Eb s& b& hv EU I( U( U! 5' >f >h >r >L >u >Y >j B: B(
C( D( R( R' .9 YU Jh Jz Jt Jy /Z x_ Km       -O 9a 1p 3d .U *g
*l [( 3( && {U 1( != t* Mn EQ WX :( a1 y) a[ [Z Ml ML *u x( t( x^ t^ ^2 fc
p* t; OI h- sb jw UF 3D DL MH Hp p/ 'J !d ,M I> vA /D Rn M( 'V J; e; n; i;
-; s; p; h; a; d; m; v; u; g; ,; l; y; .; uS fI bL sH pf D$ Bp Yp Wp Nl B$
F$ ); =~ $[ QC 3c 2c /0 /3 /4 /6 /7 /8 /9 1_ 3_ 4_ 5_ 6_ 7_ 8_ 9_ ~e ~E |T
KR pO ~T ZN sL zE kO ?] u] UA OX w, @W Lc Fc ]o '| W, +i A) L) U) e( bk fk
gj pq ql qp qs s9 VW V; VZ sQ uF kD jH oN uK vh <V A$ 3$ $I xa w( Yn Yf DK
f$ xf xb '/ F6 Pn sW gL tH tY iS kz #n B* i# iG @- W$ 5" uy :h 1a "& I" "`
`x g) AZ 4x q2 KS _= [; [7 [4 [6 [8 b- a! yg C+ P2 -E ^F ^P ^N ^A ^Z ^L ^@
^_ xv X1 xc i5 '_ ` ._ /_ /L [] |[ fv x3 x8 xh xn xp xw 0b `/ XK xk l[ 0x
Tp Dl ,p !n .u ]; *, L, L( 1* 0* RT 0% ]- UI bz y2 #$ ~c ~t ~b ~p ~M ~f ~V
~w q- R- f: g: gf z/ |f |g {f z. N( a} {y b} +( b; XF nb |o i~ l! a~ %! m!
%h ^& b! :! ^e %: %a i% !f ^! e# %& h! i^ m& !~ .! %k ~! $e a$ d! %m %@ AH
LF IZ M$ f ZU RY #J H, #l #r #a #o #T #j #P #i #g #k #h kB `l 2i bx +d +e
JH 4a 4f 4e 5f J< M< NL H< F< L< N< .N .V NV u# v! Y! e" #" f# $" b% &" f&
b( )" )f 0! 0h 1" d1 2! W2 3! a3 4! X4 6! 9! 9f @! B" XB bY `! h` c! c` w!
wW x" y# p' w` vb pd wg tg m9 bR !A KC 5C 4D |. fh tk sC rO s: rk wz r9 JM
/: /, dG eA tB YS Xd .8 k2 k3 vp wI cE fA L! Fp p_ Np Mz `g P: Fw =? MF v5
Hw zc K! k! qa oH cO 5- ~$ w. .f e* a* z* <2 Ui w[ ]n d[ t[ f[ !" s2 s3 s4
`e `% %u iy Iq qh hq Iy yq u3 8" t: l* k5 <O <U Uc {} .$ %p FD VD \p #] qm
-^ ]^ ;a P4 1e 1y xo p9 f0 qc r0 zv zr jv vz zb vg vf nz *L ^b YI '( \? *v
*m b: d: .F QB d/ 'x :v :^ lC qt zd Lt GT VP AJ LD C* JZ Lj Fn 'K K) oK 2%
c^ D> m^ h^  ,^ w^ d* =d ;D sx wv qf w6 zj qd fz vw gk h9 dz w7 h6 vk a9
gq cf wm r3 5j b9 zf hx nx yv wf p@ zh jx 1z t@ u9 l3 e7 i2 o8 r7 t4 LM a4
t7 l9 e? !J *[ [V 9[ ?[ )[ {[ z4 [z @[ :[ +[ %[ =[ 0[ `3 J[ 2[ 8[ >[ O< ;[
/[ n/ o> O$ 5[ &_ 3[ Q" ,# -[ !r _[ ,[ =2 }[ }M j] -8 ?~ %O y| RQ i9 ^{ }-
|F V% 6i Qi Db 8/ i/ Mh [? -6 Hd Nx {t {2 {3 {h g! ?! D' Zh 5d 7c z: *: #/
:w 5n n5 n3 6n 4n n2 T& ;l -y jy jz '4 :z := :b u= -: n: d= ,= s= m" =t =p
=c =n -= =i =s =b =y .= r= )= =u =f a= =w =$ _, ,l ;s 8, j- :P :$ 1x ;w ?w
h: j: kp kx kq J\ \J }F ?= ~| /O Fg uB :q :d -| vv S7 S1 |v ": pL nk |= ]t
k/ :_ _: RS n! g4 l4 -5 -7 lq |+ 8s KL d^ xu hL ~l %. ]1 h3 \W UV PV [^ hR
hN hP u0 L3 +| 5R OY Vj |$ .E =: YX {W Wj C@ 5I -( 5m 5s Z[ 6\ }} 9C *5 ;5
~F 7| R2 >X Tk |D }2 =D 2N U0 8O Y$ ;i B! ;E q% 3s 9b b3 ^% x# WF ?d Ck Y=
?J /( Hn jT %| <~ q~ 9} FJ Q9 Cx nF ]m \l _~ ]g {( {: \1 y+ ?H 8j &G 1r =r
]B ?o c\ xI pX xE >E &1 g6 g8 xA H0 {' z~ 6z S< 1n cA sI lA pE eC lE tR ux
-] [> <] ~~ |~ E! JR E\ -N /> '< i> 6x 8v A4 H4 -A EP VG B& SB pg BD Vg OD
x: >: xz yx )x *? X; 1o 2o 3o HN H2 Y: H5 Y/ Y? |x y> ~m n? A? o9 =E q= BF
^= E6 =B =e B9 =h =F C9 A= q( x* <9 X+ 6T Ht iT 1G 4L 1h :/ 1F %y !y H@ '+
m( .1 Z" j" u" }' o/ @/ "0 fx g/ ;" ,` }? }: ]k ?e w- 5l ," pv ~: y3 mq 2h
1d p6 .? %n |* KB ZA [: m[ ]a z] ]C [, [) w3 u6 td w9 4d l: :M I] S* m3 m4
h] :E :O AQ mI P* n_ `j K: lx ]w /X *@ Hh Qe R, Vx Zp Pb Lx Sz Hv Ls Wk Cs
Ld ~a /@ *z -) 7k TN ^a )I *9 *8 n* 2* `0 H* >N \t \c _! :W :* 8X :5 w' i*
^$ $9 @S k8 k9 g' _0 ]/ )/ ?" A" lz d^ v^ x2 zl N1 N2 G1 G2 z; K, p+ +c Tx
q1 g3 e5 e8 e9 e6 3k 5k ~A UB T0 Tn 2; 3; k4 k6 k7 3t 5t WT A> ]r JF ^| t|
h| e| d| f| i| l| w| r| v| n| g| s| a| p| c| k| m| u| x| b| 1| z| >| ;| 2<
8< 3< 5< 6< 1< 4< 7< 9< '{ j_ ]c ]i ]p ]y [' mJ /# I} G- GB +V )B %E JD *2
[` O^ !1 %- |J K[ {u ;8 o# !$ ~d #) lR +$ 1% R[ +l IH o~ V6 fq W? Pz +J F]
W] ,A @& Q4 3S 8E +L zM G* S# K7 Bw aH 1~ ^5 }h k@ Lb FP Kg Mw 9u ]J &k -Y
u! p7 N] n( V# A9 iF h\ bD P\ `] 5B IQ %' +Z ]} FX i@ eY wG :U ?) #B 4T #x
k' 9G vH ?1 1$ T+ eE u) t> }+ V& \+ #, 3& 7\ 0& ': /! !W RG TK +f XN ^: r>
T: !Q D5 yS DX !z *& %e {0 1} 4} {- G3 hz u/ WM "] "; #H ~U #R F@ "} gF &,
N[ hF e) DV W1 M; M9 M= Ws B; L; mU :B ]s *) :g 0+ 1@ !T =] ,8 ;6 GW h~ 6(
Fj `| u+ $P v[ TB f3 uT L6 2Q 7Y Tt ,v &7 n8 q* Vh ^) ~< m7 aF 0` |j }b @7
k$ X& `P 2~ G& V= d\ &! vF &` )J W+ ?- O# 6H f] ?P gP =P >" XP Yk (] ~` \F
bF ;u b+ XQ v+ Kt }d QP 0M g} Vk @9 H/ QK ;( }6 s7 Rd ?A V( o3 f4 YF Vr @>
l] pS CV Qw G( XH ]@ A~ 3Q 3p hT JB ?: `1 )y `: Z) c] !8 h7 ZH 8Y kX j* e$
t" Vt CF D8 pF 2x }a ~) Kj 4h D3 XW f_ FG t\ xG 7i t_ %K \* k` 3" i$ @O nH
d{ >+ V0 Xk Jn B# K~ xN 7Z =" oX =3 u2 7+ #( n) Qc 6^ Qs g# w\ QG :4 @` &*
]X \I Qx h+ _& X` WK +U s1 #G pT M^ ?f n0 iX g[ S{ [& A@ D@ 4( i1 LT yD $W
Pv i( +' s? )? Qh 5z 8H {S Gg }e bV 0N K2 5? 6$ 6U S` qL mT ZS `W VB @H B_
)g ,S m1 t2 d4 c3 f6 w2 h8 o1 ^p 2( _; A/ O/ N/ J/ yE kI .# .B .x :# QA 9k
'B 8k Xu 4k NR OG Zw ~i 1k 1? 9" dS VU eS gS oS Aj jA g0 9D wq cz 9% ~k ~g
~o Ue -& -, Mv " " h" i) p) b" @K >O >@ .T F( +R `v :Y A* X2 2] n] s- w"
o: k" u: w; k; Q/ k< S( P- F5 .2 =4 q" v) 'R `w Ej d) B' K' '7 yk yB `a v-
HD P! P? P, HL eV Rt x\ $Z :' |< :G *q *x cR Vy Xn "X V3 `H s" r2 px vx vq
c1 `n |C `T `i <Z ., `y \= /+ X" I* mS fR uN sM `o >R `b PY `B `C `D `E `F
`G `I `J `K `L `M `N `O `Q `R `S `U `V `X `Y `Z {{ [< f\ m\ D& (` <K @1 @2
x< M? P< #; I` V' B+ AE B\    BJ  R* iY O( M2 Z= QW ^" NP T! T? Z'
Qp N+ k+ Dm e/ Uw L/ *Q %% +< LJ rI \3 !\ 6] >\ \2 5] \f 3] M* XM nS nY @:
*; Xl -@ lW U1 7@ nD n@ l@ XC tU T tz ! tN l\ gM fW Yb 3u -W t1 x1 {E %l
c* e} Wd b_ f7 E{ X7 V8 SJ xY Tg B3 fF ^q yG JX w0 vZ wB R6 e\ y1 {8 a{ qg
NK yL TQ @M @B @P g- hS Jg ]` Q1 dB B2 }U L` q] lV rJ Gq HF QO cv -# +b #A
{N


===
