
Some Recent Fragments on Music

(The urls/examples have been removed. The text is fragmented,
to some extent covering the theory/phenomenology/practice I have
been developing over the past year and a half.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/zheng3.mpg

inverting amplitudes foregrounds body and operational instrument 
sounds; these are the last of the pieces which treat bodywork as 
fundamental to music, the body presencing; the usual focus of an 
instrument, proper sounds, almost a shell or manifold across 
flesh and breath. i haven't made work like this before, interior 
and exterior exchanged in an incredible sonic mapping tending 
towards possibilities (at least for me) of new modes of sound 
and musical philosophy.

perhaps the most successful of the inverted dynamics pieces;
qqq is the final result, qq is the original. i recorded this
last night, couldn't sleep, six in the morning, took a lot of
sleeping pills and trazodone, checked the tuning of the 1980s
qin, played what might be my best piece in any case. so this 
is the body and qin, the 'scratchy' sound is actually audible 
in both version, part and parcel of the music and its making.
i've been thinking (admittedly ignorantly) of the relationship
between category theory and 'older' mathematical foundations,
in relation to sound modifications like echo, filters, on one
hand, and revrev/inverted dynamics on the other; the latter
brings otherings into the foreground (temporality and body for
example), while the former remains within the traditional
embeddings of the subject (player, listener). ...

given the triad gamespace/edgespace <--> blank <--> imaginary, 
interference appears in the interregnum of edgespace(imaginary) 
as a _production_ or (conceivably non-reproducible) commodity of 
interference: virtual static (with its possible panoply of 
objects and part objects) appears as _corralled content_ which 
may be considered the alterity of the gamespace, and may also be 
represented within it. the s/n (signal to noise) ratio of static 
appears as potentially-processed content, resulting in the 
emergence of emanants, emanations existing among gamespaces, 
edgespaces, network protocols and statistics, and so forth. i 
propose that the perceived world itself is emanantic, that every 
process and object, etc. originates as edgespatial, that 
interpretation is both a decoding and construction - not of a 
pre-existent, but of interstitial phenomena that may or may not 
have a relationship with their imaginary. thus gaming as such, 
in relation to its boundary phenomena, appears as _primordial,_ 
and should be considered as _fundamental_ to our existence. in 
this sense, what is our body, but signings and interference, and 
what is our mind, but an imaginary operating under fluid and 
mobile constraints (which, in other eras, we might have termed 
deity?

(aside) from what -

interference implies strictures and parasite; think of michel 
serres' the parasite, an interruption between source and 
receiver channels, but also potentially the source of new 
content. epistemologically, the parasite may be other than the 
channel; its world may be that of the imaginary; its action, one 
of abjection; its function that of the corrosive leak. does 
this lead us astray or complement gamespace/edgespace analysis? 
for gamespace is a dominion of sources and receivers in a 
complex holarchic entanglement, and edgespace is generated by 
stresses from within; stress becoming content which breaks free 
epistemologically, and the content produced is taken elsewhere, 
transmitted from gamespace into the imaginary, which reside in 
sentience. (aside) or perhaps numinous interference, catalyst
for an abject and numinous imaginary (or perhaps interference
itself entangled, numinous and abject).

inverted dynamics foregrounds background/body sounds, parasite 
and interference, abject re/constitution of sonic production; 
azure sings thru her sickness, pauses filled by screams 'out in' 
the street below; her voice loses sonority, breaks down into 
gravel/grating coughs and gaspings, she makes it thru the song, 
the someone screaming has moved on, sounds of traffic, body; the 
song is marriage to language, language broken by sickness; we 
remember the catastrophic and fragile peak of goodness in the 
midst of what might go wrong, returned and foregrounded here as 
parasitic content. enjoy, despair, enjoy.

high-speed cura saz without a break/silence, processed
through inverse dynamics, what becomes orchestral already
was. i keep pushing these categorical filters that imply
something about sounds, culture, body, music, physics, 
and their entanglements, about edgespaces which blankness
roars in with imaginary content as symptomatic prions, 
for example, worlding asserting itself in the midst of
cultural structures. our internal biome is roughly half
microbial dna, and this is a picture of that elsewhere in
music. in the extreme cold of rhode island in the last
day and night, i could hear the strings loosening, the 
wood of the instruments straining. we now use three 
humidifiers to get us through this period; what you're
hearing in all these recent recordings is a form of the
subaltern.

f(x), t -> -t reverse
 reverse music (not in this)
f(x), x -> 1/x inverse dynamics
 environmentally-embedded musics (in this)
*/ f(x), f(x) -> f(x'), where x' is x + a tail originating in x 
 echo, reverberation / traditional effects /* (not in this)
f(x), f(x) -> f(x'), -t; -t -> t reverse reverberation
 anticipatory musics (in this)

everything is experience and body; the transformations appear
elementary, but create dwellings in alternative worlds that
resonate with what we always already know; i think of this in 
terms of the dynamics of categories, topological invariants 
among the topological transformations of phenomenological 
subjectivities. (yes i do.)

clashing civilization that open up spaces beyond thematic
villages, gravitational lensing, alignments, territories
inherently out-of-tune, microbial landscapes, slime-mold
movements, emergences, emergencies

theories of unthemed dwellings, nomadic commons, taz, 
coming together and falling apart, falling apart and coming
together, defeat of the punctum-turret, alignments of 
universal skies

"Since I must save the day of tomorrow, since I must have a form 
because I don't feel strong enough to stay disorganized, since I 
inevitably must slice off the infinite monstrous meat and cut it 
into pieces the size of my mouth and the size of the vision of 
my eyes, since I'll inevitably succumb to the need for form that 
comes from my terror of remaining undelimited - then may I at 
least have the courage to let this shape form by itself like a 
scab that hardens by itself, like the fiery nebula that cools 
into earth. And may I have the courage to resist the temptation 
to invent a form." (Clarice Lispector, The Passion According to 
G.H., trans. Idra Novey, Penguin, 2012, p. 7)

qin. impossible tunings whose fingers harmonized. to be 
harmonized. to the harmonized. harmonized. the program, be fit 
(in the sense of harmonization) or not; in a sense it does. 
these terms and my use of them are of course arbitrary; one 
might use encoding to reference the act of program-creation and 
coding that which operates on input, with all the phenomenology 
of input already indicated. I choose a distinction between these 
words in order to articulate a distinction within the field; 
otherwise we are off again into unnecessary obscurity. as for 
the element of a code, there is a sign or sign-function, there 
is a process drawn from tables or closed lexicons. as for the 
element of encoding, there is none; an input may, in relation to 
the encoding program, be fit (in the sense of harmonization) or 
not; in a sense it does not matter, as encoding is matterless, 
codeless, just as coding is mattered, albeit the ideality or 
cyberneticization of matter. inhalings, harmonics, harmonizings, 
and whistlings, for you, be fit (in the sense of harmonization) 
or not; in a sense it does work, these double guqin, somewhat 
deeply out of tune with each other, communicating and 
authorizing the presence of the Other.

and quaint terminology, archeological cyber-anything, virtual 
worldings returning the grit of the body to shapeless and 
groundless grit-physics representative of the wired body 
recording spasms and its own infrastructures on closed and 
unhacked circuitry casting off shell after shell of imagery 
almost representative of a central core or kernel from which 
pushbacks and pullouts, pushouts and pullbacks, can be 
conceptualized, the locals of a topoi or places as if they were 
originary, origin lying in the sensors, the wires, the programs, 
hardly in the apparatus of the body which is already corrosive, 
still un-gene-spliced, falling, failing, flailing apart,the core 
of flesh returning through a barycentric arcing from the 
configurations of slaughter, the removal of temples and other 
archaeological debris, and here is the debris caved in within 
the body, the body electric signaling to the world, body 
touching body, spasmodic body grounded in the struggle for 
breath and mouthings, muscles loose and taut, pleasure and 
carapace or shells thrown from it, wave after wave, recordings 
stuttered in the apparatus of the virtual world, as if there 
were always a return, this electric body, this non-electronic 
body or one running from the diodes and wires elsewhere to and 
from the machines taking note of whatever the shuddering or 
shattering might speak of, for within the body itself, such are 
unspeakable, incapable at these times of speech or thoughtful 
thinking, indeterminate, letting it run on as if there were 
streams flooding the interior of the virtual worlds, 
short-circuiting, burning, everything around, the cliffs, the 
waters, the recording devices, the muscles, the skin, the flesh 
beneath the skin, the tissues of the flesh, the organs beneath, 
the ruptures and sutures, the belongings and castings, the 
operations, the inoperables, the espionage from within, the 
careful and unordained movements of arms and legs, mouths and 
fingers, the encodings and decodings, murmurs of the machinic, 
the soft machines, the soft, the inordinate, the gatherings and 
castings-aside, the

nothing is comfortable when the transitional turns you on

guqins together = 1 person, what is the effect, that is
nk / as = infinite slaughter, as / nk = zero effect, the
tending of century's old wood, the momentary settling 
and control of ten square feet, as if it were the hut of
the literature of japan, we're surrounded by radiation
everywhere, plants and animals, fungi and archaea, are
dying, oceans and mountains, iceberg calving, every note
of what consequence, what of hydrogen, what of these
instruments, so easy to destroy, burn or bury, what of
their sound, and for whom, and with what practice,, i'd
like to say a single note with destroy nations, caress
plants and animals, fungi and archaea, restore, and with
the disappearance of humans, millennial quietude, just a
chance of coming into communality and relationship, just
a glimpse backtracked to the single note, to these two
qins talking to each other, among one and other, among
one and many and multitudes, nk * 0 = 0, as * 1 = 1 ...

banjo with pipa tuning, japanese in scale, improvisation
half-steps and major thirds are characteristic
melancholy sounds of a rough day, sanshin and garcia lorca
and what else i forget what else in the music 
forget bushido forget zen forget buddha
but i don't want to kill anyone and i want this banjo to survive
it is my desire it survive and its beautiful music survive
uncanny passing for another one hundred twenty eight years
welcome to the banjo inn

formulaic condensation: most western dramaturgy emphasizes
affect an effect: thus a panoply of effects and transformations,
machinic virtuality. in my work, as in the natyasastra, i
emphasize effect an affect: thus a split and tendency towards
psychological interminable and indeterminate states: or the
difference for example between types of state and types of
states.
...skipping...

of course these distinctions don't hold under scrutiny; i'm 
fascinated working with the abject, the underbelly of the world 
we live in, and equally fascinated by contemplating cosmology, 
particle physical, mathematics and their entanglement. music is 
interstitial, bounded on one hand by limited potentials and for 
that matter by human hearing and its vicissitudes, and on the 
other, by dwelling within coordinated affect, no matter the 
bandwidth. everything meshes, doesn't it?

breath / breath / stutter/ shudder / begin / begin again /
again begin again / again begin again begin again / begin /:

The guzheng is a Chinese zither, plucked on the right-hand side, 
which is tuned with both pegs and bridges. The left-hand side is 
'out of tune,' and the strings are pressed down on the left to 
raise the pitch on the right. Think of the left-hand side as a 
support structure, an abject cacophony of potential sound, an 
existence in the depths, played when the soul is deeper than 
scales and perfect tuning. (I play back and forth, among the 
fields in this piece.) But the left is also, I think, the field 
of spirit, of universal cosmology, of dark matter, and here I 
play for our cat, Ossi Oswalda, who is doing poorly now, but 
still with us, after ten seizures over four days three months 
ago, and those numbers are meaningless as we stay close to her 
and hope for the best. The piece is a threnody of hope, listen, 
(she did, but then she had no choice!), thanks.

zzzzz to.txt has fungi, tn.txt follows

something almost exhausted emerges here, that incessant
rhythm that stupidly falls all over itself, Dostoevsky's
Writer's Diary say

The grain of the voice, grain of the almost-black, grain of the 
seething world. Among the last dark and first black, the 
granular. The grit of the primal scene, grit of the floor, of 
the bed, of the stairwell, grit of the river dock, of the great 
outdoor projection screen, of the hallway. Grain and grit as the 
world turns black, as achitecture shifts, architectron. As the 
visibility of great expulsions. As great visibility.

The phenomenology of ghosts lacks granularity; details go blank 
as the abyss opens up between one and another character or 
pixel. The surface must always extend by gestural logics, the 
mind filling in the details, a projectivity involving the 
release of desire. This is the dream-like quality of cyberspace, 
always melding, flexible, a relative of the arcana. Surface and 
depth become identical, but not surface. (Oh just like 
Narcissus.)


This came to me when I was trying desperately to avoid insomnia, 
obviously an impossibility. The aesthetic truth of it seems 
clear - I don't work with fixed structures, but structures that 
may or may not reveal themselves at every turn. Walking and 
hiking move across paths, trails, falls, strata, loams, deep 
ecologies, biomes and microbiomes; my music moves in similar 
fashion, and on a number of occasions I've played on the path or 
trail, or, better, listened when I can. Playing an instrument 
like the guqin (the full name of the qin emphasizing its depth), 
I move among clouds and phenomena, chasms and pools, I'm 
inhabited. This isn't the music of harmony, melody, rhythm, but 
one within a continuum, a dwelling among, not trance but a 
movement of clarity. Listen to a section of this, done between 
AR sessions, hopefully enjoy,

bowtest - short violin bow with salt-and-pepper horsehair; 
standard violin bow with white horsehair; both over a 100 
years old; viola and rababa;
salt and pepper - salt-and-pepper bow; viola; composition

the labor of this musician, testing new hair (salt-and-pepper) 
on a bow; the black hair is rougher with more byte; it's mixed 
with white hair which has a smoother, calmer sound (less grit, 
less highs that can sound almost over-modulated). in bowtest, 
i switch between bows and instruments, doing some of the worst 
playing, but listening for the glitches; in saltandpepper, i use 
the new bowhair on a viola piece that takes advantage of the 
difference. this is the kind of behind-the-scenes labor that 
everyone does, tending to the instruments and their potentials.
listen at least to the short final piece if you have the time.

most innovative playing by the master of fifthfourthfifth

who kept changing the chair position, thinking of 
ingmar bergman's uncut version of fanny and alexander

and then there's the remarkable innovation of intervals
based on the luxuriousness of anton webern and umm kulthum
and of course the despair of sinjar and the amazement
of the mastery of mines

delicacy of reglued bouts and boxwood patinas
gut strings and the wisdom of 1881

and the changing of the positions of the chair

the music/sound of anticipation and hope, among a dying friend, 
stabilized companion cat, panic attacks and depressions, and 
yet, the hope of the salvation of sound, so this piece is one of 
tuning up, getting ready for a performance or a recording, but 
the anticipation, the hope, of course become the performance 
itself, just as hope gathers hope and anticipation of hope 
becomes, appears, at the very beginning of hope, hope itself, 
and then, more-so, becomes comfort, enlightenment, advance

we live always in such advance of death, decay, slaughter, 
illness, but we also live in-spite-of, the circulation of 
culture and culture's prohibitions and transgression, such makes 
us somehow more human, more among communality, more glad

in-spite-of and within a dying friend, a stabilized companion, 
an irretrievable loss, a depression which is another form of 
friend to the detriment of all

for M. E. and Ossie Oswalda


Four versions of Miasmatic, all in preparation for the next/
other; trmph preparation for the versions. triomph2 is an 
abbreviation; one is an ecstasy; two, three, and former are 
variations; in Aristotle's On Coming-To-Be and Passing-Away,
there are two circulations, that of the same returning to the 
same, and that of the same returning to an enumerated same;

MIASMATIC (Azure Carter)

What happens when the world
Falters

What happens when sex
And I occur

I am lost
In the miasma

Surfeit of shapes
Connect the dots

Curtailed by writing
Theory and practice

Withdrawal from the real
Virtual worlds

I sounded like an idiot
I cant control my words

I feel like an idiot
I cant control my words

I think I am an idiot
I cant control my words

Youre my heroin
Caffeine, serotonin

Cocaine, alcohol
Strychnine

Youre impossible
Lost and found

From outer space
Strange attractors

Broken hearts
Ghastly sadness

I dream of drowning
Hearts divided
I sounded like an idiot
I cant control my words

I feel like an idiot
I cant control my words

I think I am an idiot
I cant control my words

I think I am an idiot
I cant control my words


To which I add:

ahoConcise Pali-English Dictionary by A.P. Buddhadatta Mahathera 
aho[ind.] exclamation of surprise or consternation. ahoPTS 
Pali-English dictionary The Pali Text Society's Pali-English 
dictionary Ahoindecl. [Sk. ahofor etym. see aha1] exclamation of 
surpriseastonishment or consternationyeaindeedwell I say! for 
sure! VvA.103 aho ti acchariyatthena nipto J.I88 aho acchariya 
aho abbhuta140. Usually combd. with similar emphatic particlese. 
g. aho vata DhA.II85 PvA.131 = sdhu vata aho vata re D.II107 
Pv.II94 5. Cp. ahe. Page 92 ahoPali-Dictionary Vipassana 
Research Institute ahoOh! ah!

AH!

..
to know this is my world, to know a world, to cut the edge of a 
.
world, to draw, to draw blood:: to draw the edge::
. .
. ..
viol, violate, violation, violence, violin, viola, receptacle, 
.. .
chorus, chora: to string, to string along:: to prepare a string, 
.. ..
to flay, to cut out, to eliminate, cauterize:: to cut through, 
. .. .. .
to split a string, to split a skin, to split skin:: to violate, 
. .. .. ..
to play:: to play violin, to play at violence, to stage a play, 
.. . . . ..
to split a stage, to play viola:: to play gut, to play skin:: to 
.. . . .. .
play on one's nerves, to split nerves, to split skin:: to bow or 
.. . . .. ..
bow, to bow a string, to stretch a bow, a string:: to tie the 
.. . .. . . .
knot, to tie the borromean, to split the borromean, to cut 
.. . .. . .. .
from:: to bow the violin, to bow the viol, to bow the viola, to 
. . . . . . .
split the sound, to split the music, to corral, to corral the 
. . . . .. .
skin, to split the string, to mobius, to mobius the violin, to 
. . . .. .. .
mobius the viola, to split the function:: to reduce the 
. . .. .. .
variables, to cauterize the function, to swallow, to bow, to 
. .. .. . .
swallow again, to bow again, to violate:: to violate the viol, 
. .. .. . ..
to violate the viola, to violate the violin:: to cut the skin, 
. .. . .. ..
to cut the back of the skin, to violate the skin, to cut the 
. .. ..
skin, to cut it out:: cut it out

the sorrow of music

the sorrow of music or
the sadness of the murmuring of objects or
the memory and living memories among us or

the transitional object of the musical instrument

the instrument is the passing/passage/paysage of notes, 
notations, language; the instrument is a physical object, played 
by others before me, and, through stewardship, played by others 
after me.

thus there are always issues of tending, and issues of 
setting-up, bringing sound out of wood, bone, leather, bamboo, 
to the fullest, to the fullness of the sound, and the slowness 
and urgency of this setup -

thus the transitional object, neither here nor there, neither 
object of or from the body, nor object disparate, separate, 
separated -

what is passed on, after death or through tending towards the 
gift, is organic, is organism, is world, is worlding, both 
through appearance and the caressing of hands, fingers, mouths, 
arms, drawing out the inhabitant, habitus, of the instrument, 
drawing always closer to the breathing of death, to the 
passing-on of instrument and music, to our passing on -

what leaves me, leaves me well, circulation towards a new home, 
inhabitant there, something forever barred from me, the tragedy 
of the gift, of the release, of the relinquishment, of what i 
shall never hear, of what for me shall remain unheard, 
stewardship fading away, tending become a memory, a prayer, 
supplication -

always with an instrument, this phrase: so that others

------------------------------------

now, what is drawing forth, by night or by day, by twilight or 
the memory of twilight, what is, what would have been

------------------------------------

my breathing, the blood in my skin, thus -

------------------------------------

formulas passing through each other
impediments in the midst of them
gateway formulas (drugs) - anything goes
walls and catastrophies, nothing goes, nothing comes
enclave formulas and free market formulas
0 # 2 # 3 # 1 -> 2 for example
0 # 2 # 3 # 1 -> 1 for another

------------------------------------

transformations, familiars, shamans, repetitions,
voices, horizonal and vertical worlds, sounds, 
familiars, shamans, repetitions, voices, horizontal
transformations and vertical worlds, shamans, 
repetitions, horizontal familiars and vertical
voices, horizontal sounds and vertical familiars,
sounds and voices, cries and murmurs, repetitions,
familiars, some sounds, some voices, some
horizontal worlds, some vertical, some familiars,
shamans, a few voices, a few horizontal shamans,
the familiar, a few sounds, a few transformations

poem of being and desolation

strange chemistry of strangers being
enumeration and naming from  chaos being non-being
and the sacrifice of being
all the effort of being
and that sutra of non-being
passing, swimming in chaotic existence, its being
and imagining the worst of every human being
imagining the worst of every human being
and imagining the worst of every human being
and being being
and material welfarewell-being
in terms of the physical well being
for flesh for every killed civilian is that being
our innermost being
and our sacrifice of being
shall live so in our being
and shall live in our memory of being
and i spend my life a slave to truth and being
being
and our sacrifice of being
and our sacrifice of being
and our sacrifice of being
and our sutra of non-being
and our celebration and joy at our being
then furious  when we incur being
and more furious  when we incur being
and it's depressing being
it's depressing being
and it's really depressing being
and being
and the difference at all of being
and the being of its desolation

The apocalypse will ever be witnessed: 
The chora of repetitive compression

Or why we must become space and time, or why the surge is
absent.

At the very end, neutrinos continue their oscillation, virtual 
particles remain beneath the level of a universe without 
memories, the catastrophic mix and visibility of stabilized 
plateaus has disappeared, witnesses no longer call witnesses, 
one might argue for darkness, but doesn't that imply logic, 
light, that eye which is no longer presenting? Identity in the 
meantime, earlier regimes, lies in the fabrication of memory; 
each turn of the wheel is an event; each slide and lubrication 
creates an ineffable signature. Here we are in the construction 
potential of the apocalypse; the surge guarantees the absence of 
a return, and in this manner, what we're witnessing in the 
images and sound is a nostalgia and its denouement - the 
exhaustion of energy and bodies, the horizon of extinctions 
which continues to roll and boil over us. 

The video is on the order of an essay on mechanism harboring oil 
and steam; the audio is the foregrounding of arenas and sound. 
Everything is already a century old; the world wears itself 
down, taking us along with it. It's not technological advance or 
determinism, but rust, corrosion, decay, fatigue, particle 
physics, radiations, dusts, entropy, that are fundamental, no 
matter what the tending or stewardship, no matter the redundancy 
of big data, databanks, seed-vaults or bunkers. It goes in the 
end; this is imminent, immanent, and obvious to all. I think it 
might be repetition all the way down, but asymptotic in its own 
way, quietude emerging somewhere around planck. Or not quietude, 
but roiling, which results in the motto: The apocalypse will 
never be witnessed. And so it goes, and will already have been 
gone.

the word is operative in the immediate vicinity of KIC 8462852;
the unmistakable presence of machinery; in english we call this
'such and such,' as in 'such and such phenomena,' which remain
unique in our world - and here our boundaries have grown smaller 
- some say suddenly, we're not sure of our response here, 
certainly our data will vanish, corrode, disappear at an 
unremarkable rate - we're told this, tell ourselves this, and 
that the word is 'operative' and that the star is KIC 8462852.

He was the first philosopher to employ, in a philosophical 
context, the term arche, which until then had meant beginning 
or origin. For him, it became no longer a mere point in time, 
but a source that could perpetually give birth to whatever will 
be. The indefiniteness is spatial in early usages as in Homer 
(indefinite sea) and as in Xenophanes (6th century BC) who said 
that the earth went down indefinitely (to apeiron) i.e. beyond 
the imagination or concept of men. (Wikipedia, Anaximander)

returning to qin after exhausted period of two months, wonder, 
it remaining, in tune, i begin, remember, this gathering

this instrument, when i play, worlds open, horizons at all 
hours, i play murmur, i play the formation of worlds from 
worlds, play asymptotic reach of horizons from horizons

beneath me, above me, to the left and right of me, the forest
of qin, the infinite lu, the murmur, indefinite of qin,
indefinite forst, indefinite horizons, indefinite memory,
the somewhere worlds, the somewhere somewhen worlds

the indefinite time, indefinite internal time consciousness, the 
moment, the other moment, the same (always already transitive), 
the rail

[list of dedications]

.. . but this isn't the piece; the piece involves hundreds,
thousands of Fors, and the whose name might I spell wrong,
who might be forgotten, who should be definitely included,
who left behind, who becomes resentful, who becomes grateful,
who stops speaking to me, who begins, . ..

. ..so perhaps not a good idea to do this piece, perhaps to do
something else, full of infinite gratitude towards friends
and yes, even enemies, and the forgotten .. .

the jump rhythm bricolage ferocity takes over, something in
the distance humming, Tibetan, the Qin Society, guqin, China,
Chinese, Buddhism, Tsongkhapa, free jazz, ESP, backroom
gardens, 1000 Character Essay, cd production, shakuhachi
restoration, Chinese television characters, flute, viola,
violin

---

Music ESP Texts (for ESP-Disk website)

some things on the music borne

i or so

avoidance of noise ,then how to schedule fury
or furious ,how to subtend silence

i don't want this thinking: that this is exploring instrument,
instrumentality ,nor a field ,subtended by fingers or mouth ,no more
than body

but the joist of particle physics ,muons on a sense of virtual
particles on another

(a b) (a, b) (a / b) (a : b) (a | b) (a f(a, b) b)

it is all resonance ,surprising ,metallic overtones ,ringing: i
remember just several sounds slowed into what seemed right even
then

foreign names touched by cultural illiteracy ,materials ,soundings,
emptied virtuosities

stringed, it is stringing ,perfect tautness ,resistance of parallel
field ,tension of endpoint separation ,tension of separation

i do not want to duplicate this ,i do not want to duplicate an other

something informing ,hypnagogic as if you might dream this ,an other
or dream an other this

but not tiring ,tirade ,more of a space of a sounding or what might be
'some of a sound'

of mewling ,howling ,whimpering ,murmuring ,seething ,then this amazing
release

neither to be where you have been nor will have gone there ,here is 
one alone ,playing music ,playing music together

tending the wood ,nylon ,skin ,metal ,plastic ,catgut ,horsehair ,wax,
bamboo ,bone ,or tending the wires

the absence of metaphor ,wires ,no paralleling ,the difficulty
of absence ,no equivalence ,no identity ,just as everything else is,
or remains ,inert

sound of the obdurate ,sound of the inert

ii or so

learning to play these ,evenings or nights' mornings ,but with all 
respect ,coaxing ,no world music ,no world but what ,are we brought,
to

here's an idea ,so i'll do it ,hear what happens ,when new ,then so
it is brought 

always writing in silence ,always playing in silence ,playing silence,
listening silence ,enormous roiling ,slow extinction of the planet,
these last sounds ,instrument making ,them

she got up from the music ,he got down to the music,
he got up from the music ,she got down to the music

you'll be telling me specifically what you want to know,
i'll be telling you specifically what you want to know

allowing myself the courtesy of being-deaf, 
allowing yourself my fingering you ,of being-sound & of mind & body

listing ,yayli tanbur ,ukulele ,cobza ,hasapi ,cura cumbus ,hegelung,
rababa ,electric saz ,valveless chromatic harmonica ,parlor guitar,
classical guitar ,alpine prime zither ,alpine elegy zither ,like the
emptying of names

unknown on my fault ,something else of shameful ,refusing abjection
in the moment when nail and steel ,flesh and wood ,collide

unknown ,everywhere i look ,unknown

iii or so

i'm not giving you what you want ,that is ,an entry into this sound,
some of an anecdote ,or at the very least, an explanation ,as in,
'you owe me an explanation'

i wouldn't know how to begin ,perhaps in eternal sorrow ,mourning,
every minute of the life

or the slightest peaks of joy

or stories about failure quantum-tunneled into music of unutterable
beauty ,or musics

or something about how these instruments came about ,what do i know
of their arrival ,or this i know ,their attraction for me ,sounding
of the world through them

fretless ,they are teaching me how to listen ,place each finger in its
rough exactitude

or fretted in narrowed intervals ,what might be ,for others ,or those
places of others ,a difference in this world

or numbers of worlds ,worlds without number ,over and over again,
desperately listening ,listening ,as if something might come about,
occur ,just by the sheer force of it

or the slow sweep of the bow as left hand fumbles for tone or tune,
begins its slower repetition ,rasa ,the savoring

iv or so

it is more you want ,more you ever want ,this savagery ,this lack
of mine ,of yours ,one more word ,phrase ,sound or tune ,book or text,
of book and of sound ,of tune and of text ,that will do it ,completion,
or suturing ,the fullness of the world ,fecundity, repleteness,
lathering ,or foam of planck mass ,length ,time ,of vacuum and an 
energy ,of particle and fray

this savagery a savagery ,silence a quiescence, calmness ,the piercing

of things ,of some things ,on the music ,on the music borne

--- end of ESP-Disk texts

the hole night, the hole day long

the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, it gets in the way, 
look, all the misery of the world lies there, stands there, the 
bottom of the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, as 
they call it first, as they call it forth, wearing the skin of 
the world, wearing its frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem of 
pearls, its seams:your tongue wearing my masculine skin, its 
root, its masculine root, my tongue wearing your feminine skin, 
its root, its feminine root, where the tongue lies, where the 
tongue stands, where the tip of the tongue caresses the roof of 
the world, where the world is cool, is in its flesh, in the 
flesh of the tongue, of its root and plateau, of its roof and 
plate or of its inverted world:they call me by the misery of the 
world, the misery of the masculine world, the tongue's bottom, 
where the tongue lies, the root of the tongue, your root, my 
rooting in you, in the tongue of the world, its world:among the 
hole of the day, the night, the long night:

Would they call me by the misery of the world, the misery of the 
masculine world, the tongue's bottom, where the tongue lies, the 
root of the tongue, your root, my rooting in you, in the tongue 
of the world, its world mind you partying, the root comes forth 
and blossoms and dies, it gets in the way, look, all the misery 
of the world lies there, stands there, the bottom of the tongue, 
the tongue's mouth, as they call it, as they call it first, as 
they call it forth, wearing the skin of the world, wearing its 
frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem of pearls, its seams, 
with us?

Your soiled among the whole of the night, the day is in my 
death-like among the whole of the day, the night, the tongue of 
the night, the day

Ah, love eaten by julu-of-the-open-arms and julu-depressed

your skin the roof of my world, my tongue's skin, my skin the 
roof of the roof, your tongue's skin, for what is the swallowed 
world that is not swallowed by the world, and what is the 
world`s swalllow, the whole night, the hole day, long:My tongue 
smells, my tongue smells you, tongue smells your tongue, your 
tongue smells mine, your mine, mine yours, the roof of the 
world:I will swallow the world and its misery and by that you 
will know me. You will know me by the swallowed world, by the 
roof of my mouth, by my tongue, by my tongue's tongue, by your 
tongue, by my tongue your tongue's tongue::

Would I will swallow the world and its misery and by that you 
will know me. You will know me by the swallowed world, by the 
roof of my mouth, by my tongue, by my tongue's tongue, by your 
tongue, by my tongue your tongue's tongue mind you partying, 
your skin the roof of my world, my tongue's skin, my skin the 
roof of the roof, your tongue's skin, for what is the swallowed 
world that is not swallowed by the world, and what is the 
world`s swalllow, the whole night, the hole day, long, with us?

Your feminine skin and tongue, pearls from the white frock, 
pearls from the neckline, the root of the frock, the tongue`s 
baseness, its frock, its swallowed world is in my spry skin and 
tongue, pearls from the white frock, pearls from the neckline, 
the root of the frock, the tongue`s baseness, its frock, its 
swallowed world

[...]

Open your mouth... they call me by the misery of the world, the 
misery of the masculine world, the tongue's bottom, where the 
tongue lies, the root of the tongue, your root, my rooting in 
you, in the tongue of the world, its world

Are you dressed as they call me by the misery of the world, the 
misery of the masculine world, the tongue's bottom, where the 
tongue lies, the root of the tongue, your root, my rooting in 
you, in the tongue of the world, its world? Is they call me by 
the misery of the world, the misery of the masculine world, the 
tongue's bottom, where the tongue lies, the root of the tongue, 
your root, my rooting in you, in the tongue of the world, its 
world dressed as you?

Are you in your , are you in your flesh, ah don't answer... 

Is Julu wearing your ... , are you wearing your skin? your 
tongue wearing my masculine skin, its root, its masculine root, 
my tongue wearing your feminine skin, its root, its feminine 
root, where the tongue lies, where the tongue stands, where the 
tip of the tongue caresses the roof of the world, where the 
world is cool, is in its flesh, in the flesh of the tongue, of 
its root and plateau, of its roof and plate or of its inverted 
world

I love your feelings, they call me by the misery of the world, 
the misery of the masculine world, the tongue's bottom, where 
the tongue lies, the root of the tongue, your root, my rooting 
in you, in the tongue of the world, its world ... Your tongue 
speaks so sweetly, turning me grrrlboyyy turniing me boyyygrrrl

...the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, it gets in the 
way, look, all the misery of the world lies there, stands there, 
the bottom of the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, 
as they call it first, as they call it forth, wearing the skin 
of the world, wearing its frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem 
of pearls, its seams

among the whole of the night, the day
among the hole of the day, the night, the long night
among the hole of the night, the day long
among the whole of the day, the night, the tongue of the night,
the day, the night, the day

among the whole of the night, the day is yours...

the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, it gets in the way, 
look, all the misery of the world lies there, stands there, the 
bottom of the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, as 
they call it first, as they call it forth, wearing the skin of 
the world, wearing its frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem of 
pearls, its seams calls forth soiled love, eating, excreting 
memory.

beyond the death-like, the root comes forth and blossoms and 
dies, it gets in the way, look, all the misery of the world lies 
there, stands there, the bottom of the tongue, the tongue's 
mouth, as they call it, as they call it first, as they call it 
forth, wearing the skin of the world, wearing its frock, its 
neckline of pearls, its hem of pearls, its seams are... death- 
like, your tongue wearing my masculine skin, its root, its 
masculine root, my tongue wearing your feminine skin, its root, 
its feminine root, where the tongue lies, where the tongue 
stands, where the tip of the tongue caresses the roof of the 
world, where the world is cool, is in its flesh, in the flesh of 
the tongue, of its root and plateau, of its roof and plate or of 
its inverted world?

... love is among the whole of the day, the night, the tongue of the 
night, the day here, it's love?

close to Jennifer's the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, 
it gets in the way, look, all the misery of the world lies 
there, stands there, the bottom of the tongue, the tongue's 
mouth, as they call it, as they call it first, as they call it 
forth, wearing the skin of the world, wearing its frock, its 
neckline of pearls, its hem of pearls, its seams,,,

among the seams of the world, my becoming, among the becoing of 
the world, my seams, you melt into Julu's skin forever...

Your the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, it gets in the 
way, look, all the misery of the world lies there, stands there, 
the bottom of the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, 
as they call it first, as they call it forth, wearing the skin 
of the world, wearing its frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem 
of pearls, its seams 8220 is darling Jennifer's flesh

the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, it gets in the way, 
look, all the misery of the world lies there, stands there, the 
bottom of the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, as 
they call it first, as they call it forth, wearing the skin of 
the world, wearing its frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem of 
pearls, its seams:your tongue wearing my masculine skin, its 
root, its masculine root, my tongue wearing your feminine skin, 
its root, its feminine root, where the tongue lies, where the 
tongue stands, where the tip of the tongue caresses the roof of 
the world, where the world is cool, is in its flesh, in the 
flesh of the tongue, of its root and plateau, of its roof and 
plate or of its inverted world:they call me by the misery of the 
world, the misery of the masculine world, the tongue's bottom, 
where the tongue lies, the root of the tongue, your root, my 
rooting in you, in the tongue of the world, its world:among the 
hole of the day, the night, the long night:

Would they call me by the misery of the world, the misery of the 
masculine world, the tongue's bottom, where the tongue lies, the 
root of the tongue, your root, my rooting in you, in the tongue 
of the world, its world mind you partying, the root comes forth 
and blossoms and dies, it gets in the way, look, all the misery 
of the world lies there, stands there, the bottom of the tongue, 
the tongue's mouth, as they call it, as they call it first, as 
they call it forth, wearing the skin of the world, wearing its 
frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem of pearls, its seams, 
with us?

Your soiled among the whole of the night, the day is in my 
death-like among the whole of the day, the night, the tongue of 
the night, the day

the tongue of the night, the day, the whole of the night and 
day, the hole of the night and day

--

when I play I'm always trying to extend my abilities, try 
something new until I've exhausted it. here, the banjo is tuned 
to a minor key, and because of the instability of the minor 
(hence myna bird, mimic, new languages), especially around the 
third, I can move freely and quickly through different episodes, 
structures that come and go; towards the end of the pieces, 
tunes appear and disappear, almost but not quite dance music. 
it's hard to keep track of the structures, especially since the 
way I play involves fast runs up and down the neck, which brings 
muscle memory constantly into play - where have I been, where am 
I going? and these are general questions of course, for which 
the instrument becomes a chora or microcosm of potential and 
ultimate stasis, only here, within the playing, there's still 
quick thinking and a bit of time on the planet.

Together with the misery that ensues working inconceivably 
against the grain of the real - that is to say, the boundary 
conditions:

1. of the edgespace itself and the transformations occasioned by 
the edgespace; and

2. of the interiority of the edgespace - within which objects 
and protocols are conserved/observed.

So within 2. there is a work, a level of _skill_ necessary to 
produce, articulate, quest - skill that operates within 
consensual boundaries, even to the extent that they're broken by 
hacking, shortcuts, etc. Here in 2. the issue is that of 
etiquette.

In 1. the situation is different; at the edgespace, what occurs 
is not an _event_ but collapse or murmurs of _procedures_ within 
fold catastrophies - always on the verge of failure. The 
edgespace is also _sedimented_ - to the extent that sediments 
can be entangled - one might move for example to a new physics, 
the gamebrowser might crash, there is always something new, some 
new anomaly at work...

I think of the interiority, that is the gamespace, as a space of 
etiquette which is always a space of the blank - not smooth 
striations, but a phenomenological ennui, since falling through 
this space leads only to more quests, more hordings, within a 
containment that takes on the semblance of a _carapace._ That 
is, one is shape-riding, share-holding - there's an economics 
involved, structures of rules and protocols, protocol suites - 
all porous, hackable, all resulting in signs, signifiers, within 
the gamespace - all intrinsically related to an other economics 
of exhaustion.

The edgespace borders on the universe. The edgespace _gapes._

Who or what moves in the edgespace? What terrors, anguish, what 
absolute creations and annihilations? And as well, what 
temporalities, what fictitious _points of origin_ - everywhen, 
everything, on a sliding scale - a scale in the form of the 
_law,_ not of justice. Justice has no place within or without 
the game, within or without the gamespace.

Justice requires the luxury of thought, the alcove, stoa; law 
requires the nomadic, the corral, the seething settings and 
withdrawals of inscriptions which are fundamentally 
transparent...

The edgespace is _indescribable,_ just as anomaly exists as 
instantaneous, as seizure, nothing more.

But _here,_ it is where everything, everywhen, begins.


Pappenheimer's Incredible Beauties!

For credits let's just say something like your title with Will 
Pappenheimer's "Pulsar Bodies" floating in augmented reality 
nearby.

Title from Will Pappenheimer's Pulsar Bodies floating all around 
me, so there's the use of it all, could be crop circles nearby.

Not sure I mentioned it.

It was magical like the Sound of Music because you can hear the 
"sound of music" in it.

Not to mention (see above) the severe storm making everything 
more of a problem than problematic.

We reserved ourselves for "the exploit."

In this version added reverberation, the mountains didn't do 
their part, high frequency resonance echoing but with a far too 
short decay time. Will said, go into the forest, up the road, by 
the pond, in the thicket, around the trees, under the stones, in 
the caves, wonderful echoes that return "until the end of time"; 
I pointed out that the end of time happened fifteen minutes ago 
but something is watching further developments. 

467. I am sitting with a philosopher in the garden; he says 
again and again "I know that that's a tree", pointing to a tree 
that is near us. Someone else arrives and hears this, and I tell 
him: "This fellow isn't insane. We are only doing philosophy."

- Wittgenstein, On Certainty

dither warped

The cloth itself is woven, (h)edged to keep the w/hole from 
well- tempered instruments. BUT, then, bending strings, 
without that, it leaves the listener unsatisfied; the tune,

the creak of pump organ pedals, the shuffling of the hand SKIP 
TO the repeated rebuilding of the ISE shrine every twenty years, 
for at least over a millennium, so that the wood doesn't ANGLED, 
a CROSS WITHIN AN ENCLOSURE, a MAN WITH OUTSTRETCHED fields 
tends in this direction; combined with a water sign, against 
spruce or skin, holding and moving position, near the steward- 
ship is implied,

(the sites are rectangular, pristine, exact), as a weaving of In 
Montfort et.al., 10 PRINT CHR$(205.5+RND(1)); : GOTO 10, MIT, 
spaces, cross-stitchings, re/marking territory in silence and 
combination with another sign produces TOWN. So the mensuration 
fragrance. BUT slight changes in fact made to the building each 
the text of the dwelling within, tea ceremony bowls; playing 
music, I look for audible breathing,

unravels. And the internalization of all of this, dwelling 
within these stitched elsewise, different potentials, different 
fields, each It's the irregularity that creates the armature of 
handicraft, journal Complete guide to the work table, 1885. I 
also have the sound of a cough or gasp, the click of keys on a 
piano or bridge of one or another instrument,

it, each a different landscape, territory, horizon. the signs of 
the axe on planking, ruptures and compressions on

2013, Chapter 30 REGULARITY, an account of the Jacquard loom, 

mythos; and threatening unraveling: slightest pursing of the 
lips. The instrument and sound always, the instruments, playing, 
keep me sane - each one a fabric I play tunelessly or tunes of 
length N, N being small and rarely cross-stitching, sound- 
stitching -

unraveling; music stops most often somewhere near the tonic, 
taking-up and putting-down of the piece literally at-hand... 
time, or from time to time, and the building itself SHUTTLED 
repeated. The instrument as well, a form of TENDED CLOTH, 
radical 102, a SQUARE DIVIDED INTO FOUR SQUARES, a CROSS-STITCH, 
the creaking of the bow and strings at the end of the stroke,

numerous examples from Godey's Lady's Book and Peterson's 
clarinet, the noise of woodwind linkages, keys snapped back into 
bypasses, as does 10 PRINT, the handiness of stitchwork,

From Matthews: "Fields, land, landed property." In Japanese, 
gratitude, in-dwelling in sound and movement - and

apropos Matthews' Chinese-English Dictionary T'ien: in this case 
but also a sketched account of stitchwork from the young ladies
between two sites, back and forth, think of this as mensuration 

the audible sound of the nails on plucked and pulled strings, 
Not to mention retunings, returnings, stoppings and startings, 
creek or sag, so that the cedar retains its freshness and 
magazine. 10 PRINT gives an example of repetitive instructions, 
the art/labor and settings involved, the choices to be made, the 
land that can be flooded for rice.

Repetitive structures, given grids, equal placement of frets on 
ARMS TOUCHING THE SIDES OF HIS CELL, a PLUS SIGN IN A SQUARE.

A potential huddled against the body, or the body surrounding 
the position of least resistance - half-covered holes on 
woodwinds, slurs, everywhere, the warp, the woof, the stitch,

the stitch, the cross-stitch, the double-cross, the half, the 
bereavement of the half, the dither, the crossed-dither, the 
crossed-up, crossed-out.

bowed miniature rebab,
strange wild music of ancient unknown cultures, wailing
in towns and villages, people speaking unknown tongues, 
listening to their wild musics, strange and exalted harmonies,
glorifying unknown alien gods and goddesses, great winged
things circling overhead, chthonic murmurs, ravagings,

no-hole shakuhachi!

today, Perry Yung visited us, and brought us two e-flat no-hole 
shakuhachi. this is, as it says, a shakuhachi flute with proper 
mouthpiece and internal coating, but without fingerholes. it's a 
wonderful and amazing gift! I had spoken to him about one 
earlier; I wanted to see what I could do with a tube, how my 
breathing would be affected, whether I could play it at all. I 
also wanted to use it for breathing and thinking breathing.

the instruments were made from bamboo bought locally at Job Lot; 
the interiors aren't smoothed, but similar to jinashi 
shakuhachis. very simple instruments with four bindings. the two 
use different bamboos; one has a wider bore and warmer tone, and 
the other is heavier, with a narrower bore. they make beautiful 
music, I think; reverberation has been added, that's all. these 
pieces are probably as close to enlightenment as I'll ever get!

the nohole.mp3 is on the wider bore instrument, which surprised 
me; the other is on the narrow bore. for listening, the first is 
probably more successful, but for playing, they both raised me 
off the floor.

Sed, the Slip, and the World, 

*/ from man sed:

" [2addr]y/string1/string2/ Replace all occurrences of 
characters in string1 in the pattern space with the 
corresponding characters from string2. " */

So then:

Went to the doctor earlier today, the hacking cough now with me 
for five weeks; I'm in a permanent brain fog, exhausted, dizzy, 
stumbling about, wondering if this is the onslaught of something 
new in the world, my world. It seems like it. And in similar 
fashion, the terminal window, where I'm typing this, has its own 
form of inertia, making it difficult, impossible, to think 
through the visuality of the text; I write blindsighted. So it 
was that earlier today, I was thinking "the" but typing "and" - 
which wasn't caught in spell-check, but which I caught, myself, 
on my own grounds, later, this unexpected substitution which 
worries me - dementia, neural failure, aneurism, transient 
ischemic attack thwarting everything I think and do. In any 
case, then back to reading text on the holographic universe, 
and, elsewise, thinking about programming and cross-stitching, 
musical improvisation, and the despair of exhaustion, shuddering 
with chills and other un/natural phenomena. I finished reading 
on the history of Tara Tantra and The Invention of Morel, began 
Faulkner's Pylon and A Geology of Media. But that slippage, that 
_typo_ so to speak or write, sed 's/the/and/g', opened a door 
which had hitherto been closed.

Think of the door as a gateway, V spreading from the punctum of 
displacement through the condensation of wings (Pylon), a slip 
which is a fabrication as well, Bell's Theorem and so much else. 
The situation is that this displacement, this "sed" itself 
becomes an operator; through /the/and/ anything may slip, 

/e1/e2/ 
/ / / 

anything _of any size and duration, of any place and period, of 
any universe and body, of any interiority and exteriority._ I 
can't emphasize this enough: the displacement is a process which 
opens a path, or patheme, of _universal substitution,_ such that 
the result is a _universal operator_ that might, on one hand, 
promise universal life itself, and on the other, the collapse of 
space-time to a primordial idea in which body and mind are 
irretrievably lost. These sed are rents in the very fabric of 
existence, something boiled up, embroiled, in the inflation of 
the early universe; they come to remind us of every otherwise 
and otherwhen, every elsewhere and elsewise, of every McCarthy 
formalism If A then B else C, of every 

f = (if p1 then e1 else e2) 

collapse of Dijkstra's GOTO and replacements by GOTO NEITHER A 
NOR B, GOTO NOT BOTH A AND B, generators of Expulsion that tend 
towards the selfsame gap on one hand, pulling back into the 
primeval propositional calculus on the other. Far from deriding, 
denigrating such slips or splits, far from regarding them as so 
much psychoanalytical debris of repression and replacement - 
think of them - yes, again, think, through this brain fog, think 
of them, as those universal processes of condensation and 
displacement, gathered farther and farther from any law, 
inhabiting the lawlessness of the downfalling trajectories of 
catastrophe theory for example, dwelling within noise, glitch, 
everything present, everything possible, in the Universe, even 
in the Multiverse and its wild and wilderness models; then 
you'll see that sed is before and beyond any god and spirit, any 
model (and I should point out here that Wittgenstein's gathering 
of elements under Sheffer's stern and shaky operators, 
themselves rattle and roll through any conceivable creation or 
world); the maw increases greater than any exponentiality, 
remember the Ackermann function for example and its swellings:

all of this through the presence and absence, through the 
shadowy preamble and postface of "the" and "and" or any other 
and all such - glancing for example at one thing, then another, 
the shadows of memory and the memory of shadows, an exhaustion 
into the bit by byte by bit construction of geologic time:

this then the hope of the future, the hope transcending death 
and the unfathomable/fathomable destination of the mind:

the mind fog, brain fog, itself, the _vision of utmost clarity,_ 
of contours blurred and interconnected, of entanglements at 
_every conceivable distance and time,_ the particles and 
particulation of the ongoing enfoldings and unfoldings of the 
universe:

it is then the _vision of the blur_ itself, the truth of the 
world, of this and every other world, in fact and fantasy and 
fiction and fictivity, of _worlding_ in the deepest and 
shallowest sense of the term and idea, residence and dwelling 
within and without us:

indwelling:

in the interstice, in the blink of an eye, in the periphery of 
the shadow, in the penumbra, in the glance behind the back, in 
the face in the window, the window with nothing to indicate a 
face, or tree, cathedral or stone, branch or the gap in time:

the leap-second as well, think of this as a suture or stitch in 
time, a cross-stitch, crossing it out, every clock and 
calculation to its own breathing, its own momentary and 
invisible dismemberment, forget the protocols and calculations, 
forget the institutions and corporations reliant on such 
mensuration and its technologies; this is the something other at 
the top of the stairs that I saw as a very young child as that 
something dropping a series of blocks, clattering down, at 30 
Reynolds Street in Kingston, Pennsylvania, and no one was there 
but the presence or absence of the ghost or penumbra:

therefore this is the essay, which I spelled, once, as a child, 
S-A, at the beginning and end of time, of space, what might be 
considered an unraveling or desuturing (exposing the cut, the 
tumescent flesh beneath the surface) of the body and the world's 
body; as if I were to postulate any sort of truth in my writing, 
it would lie, here, tumescent itself, in the split which is 
always present (slip of the tumescent tongue, of the galactic 
clusters, of the necessity of dark energy, of gravitons, 
monopoles, and inflatons), already present, a leakage from one 

other

to the Other, from the tongue to the early hydrogen-helium stars 
which had no metals in their singular evolutions:

the slip which, as thought experiment, saves us from our world, 
within and without our world, opens a knife or wound or slit of 
hope:

in every error we make:

which is not an error:

every universe we are in, and we are in them:

which are not our own;

written on the day of the slip, "the" to "and," thinking "the" 
in Vygotskian inner speech, writing/wryting "and," the day split 
on the leap-second, the insertion of technological time into 
technological time and its suturing (therefore again the twin 
operations again of displacement and condensation), now, several 
hours in, I don't know how many, not sure what time it is, my 
brain's foggy, difficult to think of these things;

some other time, maybe;(it might be 3:40 a.m.); maybe not;

Exercise

the "and "the and""
and ""the" and "the""
the "and" and "the"
and ""the" "the and""

============================================================

Afghani toy/miniature Rubab

The instrument, toy or tourist or ornament or miniature,
is set up with seven strings, including two drones. Very
small, very high-pitched, incessant, crossing-over, 
again, the range of my tinnitus; the mp3 cut off sound
above 16k or so. Difficult to play because of its size
and string-spacing. Flat black, probably shoe-polish,
with some sort of plastic/mother-of-pearl inlay. While
playing I kept thinking of 'pushing onward,' repetition,
deserts, rocks, oral chants. 

Five string banjo tuning, kernel structures *

* Cecil Taylor by way of linux

Tuning the instrument, minor/major in banjo0 improvisation
using fractal/crystalline structure strange trajectories,
loosing; major in banjo1; I think - other than (for me),
the amazing quality of the solos, these present the 
clearest examples I know of how my music is structured
(since no one interviews me, I turn to self-sonic
elucidation). This particular instrument turns out 
possibly to be unique, Tonk Brothers, Philadelphia, 1890-
1910 or so. No other examples of this one online. Enjoy.

violat

everything i do is grotesque, misshapen
the sooner i get to space and time the better
the music screeches in my mind and i remember
doug saying he can't draw any more because the
pencil screams when he presses it on the paper

the music has its own teeth and melody
the music is a thief and harbinger of evil
it's stingy it won't allow me near it
what i think about is how violat it is
and how it screams when i try to play it

everything in my life won't let me near it
everything turns violent and plays my skin
my skin is an instrument of space and time
my skin is grotesque and misshapen

what i do is try to wear the music
the sooner i get to space and time the better

tungg

the TUNGG of the thing where SPEECH is PROSCRIBED

now i am safe here when i can rise
and place my tiny worlds out of site and mind
my tiny worlds are safe from everyone
and it doesn't matter if i can scream
i have a tungg and i can scream
my tiny worlds are safe from you 
my tiny worlds are safe from me
i sing
my tiny worlds where are you now
my tiny worlds where are you now
you're safe from me and safe from them
you're safe from me and safe from them
my tiny worlds you are my tungg
my tiny worlds you are my tungg
my tiny worlds my tungg and you
my tiny worlds my tungg and you

sheaves

how nice, why so much music? why so much music? i work on surge 
theory with very little response; now, three of us are working 
together on a cd, Threnody, Shorter Discourses of the Buddha - 
everything on it has to be a combination of centrifugal and 
centripetal forces, flight and border or potential well, 
emptiness, the rush from life and death towards space and time, 
survival in a cold-death universe of annihilations. again there 
will be very little response; great reviews don't translate into 
sales or distribution or breaking even, or anything that might 
allow me, us, to go on, and i sense an ending just around the 
corner, children and grownups flee from me, as far back as i 
remember, animals yowl, plants wilt, mewl and slumber, forms 
slowly wander their uneasy path of disappearance

soon the music will be done and gone, disks to give away, no one 
listens, no one returns our calling

Why I love to play music.

1. I can.
2. I'm good at it.
3. It's good exercise.
4. It fills me with wonder.
5. Time slows up.
6. My lungs strengthen.
7. I don't have to listen to the street.
8. My depression lightens.
9. I tend to something besides me.
10. I pretend to do new things.
11. I pretend to explore new structures.
12. It puts me in a 'zone.'
13. My tinnitus is forgotten.
14. I communicate to someone else.
15. I train my ear.
16. I don't think about anything.
17. My hands and fingers grow stronger.
18. My hands and fingers grow quicker.
19. The music pushes me.
20. I inhabit a world of comfortable discomfort.
21. I go to the limit of my ability.
22. I explore microhistories around me.
23. My instruments present an anthropology.
24. I both silence and open myself.
25. I dwell in the world.
26. Neurosis recedes.
27. I am aware of sound in time.
28. I'm always surprised by where I am.
29. I do something I'm not trained to do.
30. I burn calories of creativity.
31. Music is the body's interiority.
32. Later theorizing is crystalline and clear.
33. Enlightenment is slowly approached.
34. I hear my singing voice (I cannot sing).
35. I don't have to worry about someone else's rhythm.
36. I trust my instruments for perfect playing.
37. Wood and metal, reed and nylon, greet me.
38. I can do something others can't.
39. It's the only sport I'm good at.
40. Practice and creation become one.
41. I become one with objects and dynamics.
42. I become one with sound and movement.
43. I become one with breath and physical reach.
44. I become sound and I become.
45. I dwell in becoming.
46. I sound and I dwell in sounding.
47. I dialog with and tend to my instruments.
48. Temperature, pressure, and humidity control me.
49. My control is given as a gift.
50. I am in a state of furious peace.
51. My speed is a positive, not a liability.
52. I explore untoward structures.
53. I inhabit these structure and extend them.
54. The world is sounding and amazing.
55. I will return to the world enriched.
56. I can listen to the world and what I have made.
57. I can listen to the making of the world.
58. I can listen to the world making me.
59. I can do something well and can do good.
60. My daemons momentarily disappear.
61. My daemons momentarily return.
62. My music is a gift for the people I love.
63. My music is uncanny.
64. I don't have to worry about tonic return.
65. The return to the world is never the same.
66. I inhabit an inconceivable sonic architecture.
67. I commune with others who commune with me.
68. I am part of a sonic world of friends.
69. Time stops and I am still alive.
70. I will leave something behind when I die.
71. I will leave gifts and dwellings for others.
72. And I will never have to worry about tonic return.

preparation of production
production of preparation

1. I don't have names for the pieces at this point.
2. Pieces are 4' or under.
3. Pieces are the Shorter Discourses of the Buddha.
4. Production of production and preparation of preparation.
5. Instrument names are not names.
6. I don't have the order down at all.
7. My nails are strong and my fingers supple.
8. "Yet my nails are strong and my fingers supple."
9. The qin, at any moment, out of tune.
10. Viola bowing leaves a lot to be desired.
11. Alpine zither and electric guitar = rough on fingers.
12. Risky gamble of maverick clarinet.
13. Balance Azure singing with embedding and clarity.
14. Cords, chords, and braid = sonic sheaves.
15. Sound remaining, for a moment, after I die.
16. The unclarity of the sound remaining.
17. Today I practice jinashi shakuhachi, alto clarinet, 
clarinet, electric guitar, viola, anything to keep myself
moving. These are the best for the fingers and lungs. 
Tomorrow the sazs, pipa, oud, Alpine zither, qin, others
that building on the simpler architectures of the western
lands. I read myself into a state of forgetting. How to
name the pieces, order them, keep them to the assigned
limits as if they were born to the length of a shorter
older singing. How to ignore the screams outside the 
window here, now, as if what mattered only were internal
resonances, murmurings of the worlds, skies elsewhere, 
and my thinking all through this, summed up in one word,
Palmyra.

no-strings shakuhachi

no-one listens to these pieces, no-one speaks, no-thing
no-strings in these pieces, no-comments, no-community
empty pieces *

* on Facebook or G+ please click 'like' etc. if you listen
to these pieces, else please do not click 'like' on these
pieces

* these pieces are no-string pieces for jiari shakuhachi
that are one piece swallows other pieces, arising and
dependent on revrev, pitch shift, power grid, calculus,
protocol, listening to no-string pieces, that is 
no-breath pieces, that is jiari shakuhachi *

* today i realize i am invisible in every medium, hence
no-string shakuhachi, you will listen to no-breath jiari
shakuhachi, that is transformation, that is emptiness
dependent-arising, that is vac-kwak, no-breath no-strings

jiari shakuhachi playing for me, inward :: jiari, modern tuned
bore, wider, i think constantly of these modes, as i see them,
jinashi-jiari, * these pieces are no-string pieces for jiari
shakuhachi no-breath pieces, that is jiari shakuhachi *
no-string shakuhachi, you will listen to no-breath jiari

qing host and cou ghgh ost

sick still with a bad flu turned to bacterial infection so the 
fever's gone away but the cough's turned furious, twists around 
to hurt me, one of us cries out in the night, violent ghost 
inside me, hungry ghost to get out fast, red dust to choke me, 
no escape, the ghost of the qing qin looms over the bed, science 
logic shattered, i'm yelling, suffocated, making-sense wraiths 
flutter there, life's the long scream home, walls and doors 
shattered, so the good boy in the middle of the night wanders 

sick still he doesn't come back, he's out there, he doesn't 
return, has these things, left them for you, life's a failure 
over, closing down then, thinking bad thoughts then, moment's 
crashed itself then, it's closing time then, qing qin ghost 
descending, coughcoughgh ghghost on the rise

the lake

the train stopped. the trapped.
it started. the lake sound. the trapped.
i remember. it stopped. the trapped.

that which produces the past tense

become, having been, past; actually happened; existing, present; 
being (_compounded with a predicate, especially a substantive, 
to form adjectives; adverbs are thus turned into the 
corresponding adjectives_); mixed or joined with; purified; 
being (_divine, human, animal, and even vegetable_); good being 
(V.); created thing; world (V.; gnly. n.); uncanny being, 
spirit, ghost, goblin (C.); n. past; fact, reality, actual 
occurrence; welfare; element (_esp. the gross elements, earth, 
water, fire, air, ether; of which the body is supposed to be 
composed and into which it is dissolved_); that which produces 
the past tense, augment; creator of beings; the host of created 
beings, host of spirits; aggregate of created beings, community 
of creatures; multitude of spirits; moving among beings (Siva); 
investigation of the elements; believer in _the doctrine that_ 
mind _is produced from material elements_); verity, condition of 
created beings, tenderness towards all creatures, origin of 
created beings; having the form of a goblin.

(mod from Macdonnell, A Practical Sanscrit Dictionary)

wander about, rove, roam, ramble

finding 

the sound through dizziness, loss of concentration, fogginess, 
forgetfulness, two banjo tunings played for the first time, 
losing track, recapitulating, returning, transforming, 
forgetting, refinding the transforming, fitting and retrofitting 
the transforming, returning to forgotten beginnings, or 
returning somewhere else, odd tunings leading the way, the first 
slower, rougher, elegiac, the second smoother, exalting, faster, 
fastest, defocused world, chills, shivering, confusion, 
semiconscious, state of wanton speed, fuzziness, fugue state, 
repeating, braiding the sound, sonic phrases, storehouses, 
compartments, abandonments, maroonings, isolation chambers, 
meandering, wayward stumbling, finding returning, finding chills 
and wanton, finding sonic maroonings, finding meandering, 
finding else, elsewise, elsewhere, elsewhen, fugue sound, 
sheaves, body not in body, memory of some sound, somewhere,
somewhen, braiding

this is the sound when i think of making music, that is not 
music, that is sound that is the sound of thinking music making, 
that is not thinking when the sound is good, that is dizziness, 
falling down, lurching, that is the goodness of the sound

storm brew

storm is brewing out here, hasapi kept going out of tune, wind 
hollowed, continued the resonance of the rear sound-hole, 
finally coming to an end, rain and wind were picking up, i held 
on to what territory i had, submergence, holding the cough back 
as well for a few moments

as if something were tearing at the music, rending the fabric

then there's the hasapi going out of tune but always somehow 
coming back _into it_ as if there were a home there even in the 
wind and rain, doing what i do best maybe, braiding sound, still 
uselessly hoping for a breakthrough otherwise - book published, 
big concert, promotion, amazing grant, something curing the 
gnawing of my throat against my throat, that thin closure -
looking up and through the Local Cluster, amazed at the 
confluence of processes resulting in life on this planet, such a 
think edge of fecundity in the midst of catastrophe, 
annihilation - the Local Cluster coming closer, the storm 
increasing, flashes now outside, where i was something about the 
rain, the brewing storm, soon i'll remember, i'll remember soon 
-

Omaha Bluejay Music

drove across us providence to omaha 23 1/2 hours 
we were up for 38 hours, now playing clarinet to
bluejays gathered around the porch between thunder
storms to listen to my own personal ornithology
this time they're enveloped in silence & admiration
i was so well pleased at the enjoyment promised to
come back for more & they were so well pleased

& i wanted to see how long i could drive like that


occurrence of the sound held back
occurrence of the sound drift
occurrence of the transform sound and music
occurrence of music

Images of a Ladakhi flute, given to me by Fred Lieberman, an 
ethnomusicologist and qin expert. The flute is constructed with 
reed, tar, and duct tape, and has an architecture similar to 
Native American flutes (see the Wikipedia article on the 
subject). Lieberman speculated there was a historic cultural 
relationship between the two groups. I had an Albert System C 
clarinet - this was decades ago - and I gave it to him; he 
wanted to play klezmer, and we were friends. In return, he gave 
me the Ladakhi instrument as a gift; he said he had gotten it in 
Ladakh. I remember all of this poorly, and am fascinated by the 
potential musical parallels between the Native American regions 
and Ladakh. I hope the National Music Museum will research this. 
And how accurate is my memory of his recounting, after so many 
years? (I had to keep the flute refrigerated, by the way so that 
the tar would retain its shape.)

threnody, ululations, protection of clarinet, viola, shakuhachi,
vectors and transformations, for giuseppi logan, for my friends
who have committed suicide, for the unutterable, for the 
intolerable, for the moment of hearing and listening, for the
world's murmur, for the long moan, for the longer

what does it materr what i'm playing here the instrument of the 
pipa takes on a life of its own tenug i tell you tengu they are 
occupying must therefore revert to the REED which will salvation 
everything left of the sound drained into something else these 
are getting closer to what circumambulation of the central core 
or figure which has the marks of the pukpuk within them granting 
me power to play SUCh as would liseten to this musick and 
reverence or beign to comprehend what has occurred HAS NOT nor 
ever will thus occur AGAINn within or the face of this EARTH a 
solitary figure wanders in the upermost reeches of the mynd and 
you here the resultz here and for the first and LST time 
something which has never nevr been achieved will come forth 
from me as if my skin my very sinew is torn apart so that 
emergence occurs that produces an EFect in the machine of 
noisesound you might here if you listen close enug fo to the 
sound producing it is not i say DESpair but nor something else 
or swollen something exact or monstrous in the midst of the 
CHEST where MYND originate we know that for a fact do we not no 
matter what others say what others speaking into brass or wood 
or reedcanne that makes up what we call the animale within ys if 
that is truth nor do i know it no know it not you might find you 
would exhalatation to the spiryt which cometh forth in the 
DWELling of the nyte when those of us are playing what we have 
LIRNED at the natural order presenattation of being There when 
no one else is looking it holds me tight to its breast it 
suckles me i produce i canot help myself this cometh forth this 
is without peer this is nonparallel and without peer when humans 
lirn to listen then with this speak to you


The thick core is cored, tangled strands appear and disappear,
generally I avoid the blurred chaos at work here; here, they're
celebrated, embraced; the notes are there; in 1, the long-
necked saz door is shut; in 2, the door is open, the bass moves
forward; in both the weaving of a rope useful for a suspension
or bridge; as if the core were cored, swallowed; music goes
down into spatial striations, thick time; Surge sound, model of
future life; an engine; engine without substance; imaginary
engine of the future perfect; the core cored; the Down.

Surge no-purpose music

[:] there's nothing useful
[:] there's nothing that can be used for anything
[:] you can start off here with earth
[:] then there are form and limitations and
you can write Earth and not earth
[:] you can write earth
[:] when you write earth, then there are things of forms
and limits and there are many of them
[:] when there are many of them, they have organs
[:] they have blood and they make sea and land
[:] they make flesh and bone and they make energy
[:] they use energy to make energy
[:] limitations collapse into perfect compression
[:] compression is the beginning of atom
[:] compression is the beginning of world
[:] world forgets time and space
[:] there is no purpose and no purpose is the bone of
time and space
[:] no purpose is the making of time and space
[:] there is no other making
[:] one begins and ends with origins
[:] origins are beginnings and endings
[:] listen to origins and observe beginnings and endings
[:] nothing can be performed
[:] nothing can be made to start and transform into
action
[:] action is never a performance
[:] to perform is to stand still
[:] to perform is to die
[:] act without purpose without limitations
[:] act without beginnings and ends
[:] act without formation of Earth and earth
[:] to act SUCH is to act
[:] to act is to transform into space and into time
[:] to transform into space and into time is to SURGE
[:] to SURGE is SUCH
[:] to SURGE
[:] SURGE is music
[:] SURGE is musical art and the art of music
[:] MUSIC is present only when it is absent
[:] when it is absent there is space and time
[:] when it is absent SPACE and TIME disappear
[:] without demarcation, without the MARK
[:] SPACE and TIME are non-existent
[:] one becomes space and time
[:] one becomes unmarked
[:] UNMARKED one is transformed
[:] into pure ONTOLOGY
[:] when one is transformed
[:] into PURE ONTOLOGY
[:] then music begins
[:] when there is a listener there is no MUSIC
[:] when there is a player there is no MUSIC
[:] MUSIC played is not MUSIC
[:] one one is present, there is no MUSIC
[:] when there is ONE there is NOTHING
[:] when there is NOTHING there is neither space nor time
[:] MUSIC is ABSENCE
[:] EXISTENCE is ABSENCE
[:] NON-EXISTENCE is MUSIC
[:] nothing is SORTED-OUT
[:] there is no SORTING because there is no DEMARCATION 
and there is no MARKER
[:] 
[:] 
[:] 


braid brayed
alto recorder, irish banjo, pipa -
or read this, 
i can't listen to myself at this point, self loathing, so what
disgusted with the speed and soulless effrontery who cares
screwed up, so what, stupid refrain this so what

the (introjection and projection) braid. The static limits may 
(applause) she's dancing beautifully, she's combing and binding 
and braiding (applause) she's dancing beautifully, she's combing 
and binding and braiding

A medical model implies internal flows, striations, identities, 
vulnerabilities, immunological defenses, maintenance and so 
forth. Emphasis is on the cohering of parts, membranes and 
molecular channels. Organism runs from within; emanent runs from 
without. An emanent may be defined as an image or apparition 
whose body and mind are elsewhere, an entity that exists in 
relation to the jectivity braid, and has apparent, but not 
genidentical, identity. Of course the organic body itself is 
genidentical only to a limited extent.

All choices are braided, contingent, contiguous. The the 
discrete is And of the theory of knots. The midst of the 
embraiding of sheaves with Clearly the abject lies within the 
primordial, the braid is braid of Disturbance of Body in 
cybermind, cock jewel, shaft of braided gold.

Human skin under the microtome, sheave-skin burrowed into by 
camera position. Here is the necessity of Madhyamika, 
co-dependent origination, depend co-origination, braided mind, 
image, imaginary, entity, real and virtual within, inhering to 
the true world. Striated, variegated transformations 
characterize life; the Visible Human Project transforms organism 
into emanent, habitus into data-base.

Jennifer, continuing sheaf braid. Oh handshaking towards 
fruition? Not always, but almost always, avatars are smaller 
than one's physical body, or appear so.

One might begin by considering language as fundamentally ikonic, 
that within the preconscious ('repository' of syntactics, 
short-term memory - another metaphor) language is clothed, 
associated with the true world.  Language then is structured 
like the unconscious, and the unconscious does not necessarily 
splay the real. Bodies, organic and emanent (and 'organic' 
references the machinic phylum as well), inhere to mind, 
minding, tending, a posteriori interpretation and hermeneutics. 
Reading the body is embodying, is against the background of 
incarnation. Sheave-skins need not react or appear to sense as 
organic skins; the feedback is often visual or aural, not 
proprioceptive. Within the jectivity braid, this is an 
epistemological issue, not one of fundamental locus. On the 
other hand (real or virtual), one can abandon the emanent; 
abandoning the organic is deadly.  Proceed backwards from this, 
from the irretrievable, intolerable, finality of death, and 
reading bodies, and bodily risk, become wildly disparate. 
Nevertheless both inhabit the true world, mind inhabits both, 
albeit often in qualitatively different manners, depending on 
ontology.

Ontologies occur in local domains, rub raw against each other, 
problematize each other. Who decided this one or that one as 
primordial? What's fundamental is the mixed mess, the braid. At 
least as far as we're concerned, the braid. Sheaves/braids/self- 
cancellation. What twists, knots the octahedron.

The plastic limits of the body are the limits of body-inherency, 
whether 'real' or 'virtual' or other category - the limits of 
the image carried by the jectivity (introjection and projection) 
braid. The static limits may be considered formal-measurable 
limits, whether in one or another space.

Cave Residency During IRQ3

Untitled ongoing performance (Alan Sondheim, Description)

During IRQ3, I had a residency in the Brown University Cave for 
the duration of the conference. Kathleen Ottinger, Azure Carter, 
and I worked together; we had also worked on a number of pieces 
for at least half a year before that. There were three pieces in 
the Cave itself, collaborations between Kathleen and myself. 
Kathleen did the programming and visuals, and she and I "wrote 
into" and through each other's texts beforehand, producing 
scripts that became independent work. These pieces are her own, 
with my textual collaboration. (I figure Cave setup and 
rehearsal for the performance as a whole was about 40 hours 
in-Cave and maybe 100 in-studio.)

The Cave has both visuals and sound; during the conference, the 
sound originated from one of two laptops I set up in the room. 
This laptop was projected with into the room; the image was on 
the right-hand wall. The Cave was physically only a small part 
of the room - perhaps a sixth - so there was plenty of room for 
other elements.

In other words, the first laptop split sound and image; the 
image was projected across the room, and the sound came from the 
speakers surrounding the Cave.

The second laptop was projected into the room, through the room 
projector, onto a screen, and the sound was sent through the 
large room speakers.

Both laptops had capabilities to run virtual worlds, and I used 
three virtual worlds during the conference:

1. My residency area in Second Life, the most popular online 
virtual world. The area is in the Odyssey sim, and was capable 
of video texturing, mesh modeling, and complex physics / avatar 
behaviors.

2. My three sims in MacGrid, an experimental/research world, 
with completely modifiable physics and highly malleable 
landforms. I have an in-world theater set up in the grid, and 
can project into it.

3. A local Opensim virtual world on both laptops, with different 
architectures on each; the fundamental configuration or .iar 
file was downloaded from the MacGrid.

There were, most often, two world projected simultaneously into 
the room.

One of the laptops also housed a configuration for Bambuser, an 
online application which creates personal online video channels. 
This laptop had a small usb light attached; at times the camera 
would pick up the room, but most often Azure's face. The channel 
would then be sent into onto objects in Second Life; the 
textures were modified to image her face alone, without any 
background. The image was usually inverted, but through 
feedback, there were also smaller 'guide' images with her face 
normal.

The face/image was embedded in the Second Life objects, with 
objects intersecting it, surrounding it. The appearance was 
ghostly, real-time, and uncanny.

In this situation, Azure would sing a number of songs, many of 
which have appeared on our cds or lps. These songs were fed into 
one or more SuperCollider programs, designed according to 
specifications, by Luke Damrosch. The suite of programs is 
called "revrev" and allows a musician to work with live reverse 
reverberation - what I call an anticipatory music - the 
reverberation building up to the enunciation of the sound, a 
head instead of a tail. Combining programs allows for a thick, 
more complex way of working with this. The programs also 
involved multiple coherent streams or chords stemming from the 
original sound-source, for example parallel streams a fifth 
above and below the original tones. The programs all ran from a 
prompt, and the parameters could be changed in process.

At times, I would also use alto clarinet, either to accompany 
Azure, or to create independent sounds which worked with the 
Cave room resonances; these often used a small instrument 
amplifier. One of my goals was to keep everything acoustically 
balanced; live revrev created an environment which could quickly 
go out of control. (I also used a standard clarinet to play into 
revrev directly at times.)

The video feeds included other elements - the two main sources 
included pre-recorded materials, and texts.

The pre-recorded materials were produced at NYU's motion capture 
studio, with the help of Mark Skwarek. I worked with two 
performers who did one of two things:

1. The performers moved at the edge of the recording space, 
producing deliberate glitches or anomalies that distorted the 
figures.

2. The mocap markers were remapped among the two performers - 
representing a single avatar; as the performers moved in 
topologically complex ways, the projected avatar in the mocap 
room broke up in various ways. The result was an avatar that 
appeared more as an emanation from the performers, than as an 
embodiment of them.

These are techniques I've used close to a decade, in order to 
create avatar distortions that represent avant-dance, wounding, 
death throes, hysteria, desire, pain, and political issues. The 
videos that were made at NYU (just a few weeks earlier) were 
linked together in a half-hour piece that was played at times, 
as a marker or punctum of what was occurring in the virtual 
worlds.

The second main source of the video feeds was a series of texts 
I would write into the virtual worlds themselves; these appeared 
as chats on the side of the image. The texts were improvised and 
related to the ongoing mise en scene in-world.

The virtual world imagery was always, always complex and 
difficult to navigate in-world; for the spectator, it was also 
difficult to disentangle. This was deliberate; the result, and 
one of the main contents of the imagery, was the representation 
of extreme states of mind, which related to the ongoing crises 
of violence in the U.S., Africa, the Mid-East, and so on. The 
primary source for me, for all of this, was the special topic 
Johannes Birringer and I co-moderated for the empyre email list 
in November, 2014, "ISIS, Absolute Terror, Performance" - a 
topic which considered issues of torture, beheading, violence, 
anguish, and fear, for the month. The distorted avatars I work 
with - distorted because of the distorted movement - go all the 
way back to 2011, a 2nd topic for the same, this time with Sandy 
Baldwin, on "Pain, Desire, and Death," in the real and virtual 
(I'm not sure of the exact title). Both of these and my mocap 
lab work resulted in over 100 bvh files - these are files that 
represent real-life performer movement - that could then be fed 
into a virtual world, to animate an avatar or avatars. The 
process is difficult but the result are these distortions.

So the most recent distortions, from NYU, would be projected; 
other in-world projections were live and in-world, and could be 
viewed in-world by another avatar; this is an important element 
of interactivity I work with. The in-world projections, then, 
resulted in the avatars moving wildly on the screen, creating 
particle emanations in the form of nude human warriors and 
charred bodies, and "dancing" with symbols made to represent 
ISIS and other forms of terror. All of this is at fairly 
high-speed.

The revrev was heard from three sources - Avatar's voice itself; 
the revrev fed through either the projector speakers or the Cave 
speakers; and the revrev fed through the virtual worlds, as if 
it were emanating within them.

All of this created a mobile and fluid sonic architecture, one 
that, for me, defined or modified the fixity of the Cave itself; 
room resonances and speaker interactions, beat frequencies, 
etc., all came into play. The sound was a hollowed organic body 
tied to, yet not tied to, the Cave pieces and the ongoing 
transformations visible in the projected images. I imaged a 
sonic bubble, almost a galactic bubble, in which there were 
occurrences both alien and domestic; texts would appear and 
disappear in the space, always grounded by the Cave pieces which 
were purely textual. Most of my time in the Cave was used for 
either working within the virtual worlds, or "tuning" the space 
itself - and the latter began to fascinate me. The sounds and 
images resonated with each other; the four sound streams had 
their own internal resonances; the darkness or brightness in the 
room affected the texture mapping and readability of the 
in-world texts, and so forth. Conditions were constantly 
changing. The room itself was always on the edge of feedback; I 
had to keep the revrev sounding full, but not overloading the 
in-world sounds, and not screeching. We used a lavalier mic to 
correct this in parts.

The tuning of the room relates to the tuning of the body itself; 
much of my work deals with the labor involved in production, 
especially dance or music production (and the performers for the 
original mocap were almost all dancers); in this residency, 
labor was represented by voice and instrument, but also by the 
sheer weight of the production, which involved constantly 
adjusting the equipment and its position in the room. So even 
though the body was close to invisible (except for the video 
textures from Bambuser) on the screen, it was present in the 
sense of sonic architecture, the body of the piece, the galactic 
bubble, and so forth.

Artists:

Kathleen Ottinger
Azure Carter
Alan Sondheim
Luke Damrosch

Thanks to John Cayley for the opportunity.

Thanks also to:

Mark Skwarek, Johannes Birringer, Foofwa d'Imobilite, Sandy 
Baldwin, Kira Sedlock, Frances van Scoy, Patrick Lichty, 
Columbia College, West Virginia University, NYU, Brown 
University

playing inward, playing outward

jinashi, natural bore, i can't begin to write into or through 
this. but the bamboo speaks, one inhabits the bamboo, buki1, 
playing for me, inward :: jiari, modern tuned bore, wider, 
precise, i think of this as an instrument, the sound a visitor 
or visitation, it's here that i'd take my distance.

i can't play either of them, they relax me, i am capable of calm 
thought, thinking through sound, and somewhere between the two 
of them my own music, sonic architecture, lies, the uncanny body 
of the player and instrument, the porous membrance of world and 
organism, entangled, of no substance, nothing tangled, nothing 
untangled, certainly nothing clear breath, modes among them

i think constantly of these modes, as i see them, jinashi-jiari, 
and since my voice cannot carry a tune, in my sleep, among the 
dream-hall, un-dream-screen (why always so visual), emergent, 
these sounds, smeared, coughed among others, inward breath, 
outward breathing, something gathering, hakuin, something,
but certainly not music

thanks to monte levenson and perry yung for their brilliant work 
(levenson's shakuhachi, yung's reconditioning)

"He develops the investigation-of-states enlightenment factor 
dependent on seclusion, on fading away, on cessation, resulting 
in relinquishment." "'Contemplating fading away, I shall breathe 
in,' thus he trains himself, 'contemplating cessation, I shall 
breathe out,' thus he trains himself." (from Anapanasata Sutti, 
in Mindfulness of Breathing, Buddhists texts from the Pali Canon 
and Commentaries, trans. Bhikkhu Nanamoli, Buddhist Publication 
Society)

1 variety the surface of my work is full inconsistency. styles 
change abruptly; characters that were used up; new appear at 
times, only to disappear, write in background. media from text 
audio/video/image/web/performance and back again; kernel 
coheres. i am bored probably bore easily; investigate domain 
symbolic viewpoint messiness, messiness symbolic. codes 
languaging are always background, disseminated, dissimulated. 2. 
orders natural which leaks through manageriality; abjection 
smears devolves into incoherency; aphasias disorders real; brute 
insistent protocols; sexualities, acculturations, languagings 
body; materiality mathematical idealities; idealities physical 
materiali- ties; economics political symbolic, abstraction, 
geographic - all these subjects work, just as subject their 
fragile monarchic domains. 3. quantity distribution no 
distribution, infinite. phenomenological horizon commonality 
usage. distributivity unobtainable. art a praxis practice. also 
shearing-away, habit habitus. nudge. it won't survive net. 4. 
common themes theme hardening collapse attempting grasp 
'otherwise.' argument against totalization. violence code broken 
code. inhabiting broken. disaster. 5. staying with if you stay 
it, will come, sensate. begin anywhere, can end anywhere. what 
conceivable purpose would be conclusion? history perhaps, 
phenomenology history, rocky landscape stumbled over. i'd say 
works your brain, but that's presumptuous. mine, symptomology. 
tropes, symptoms cross-reference, you'll see. cross-reference. 
might not want it. never come.

the body of Rebeca hurry
of Rebecca hurry
25 1778

this Irish banjo has four strings, short neck, an octave and a 
fourth, no resonator, very old, dark, almost clunky sound, I 
tune it like a tenor guitar, I work on modules and segues, and 
at one point, I wanted to be interviewed, wanted to present this 
way of playing, these sliding tones that return under new 
guises, neither end nor beginning, sound that might continue 
indefinitely, but there was no interviewer, I think to myself 
that maybe I'm just 'noodling' as Gary said, doing nothing much 
on the instrument, it's snowing hard now, it's the snow of 
Joyce's short story, death looms in this weather, breathes down 
upon us

for Rebeca hurry

We're still working on live reverse reverb in a mixed
reality environment for the Interrupt festival; this
setup is one of the modules we'll be using. some of
the work will be available in realtime publicly on 
the MacGrid or the Odyssey sim in Second Life; some
will connect only to one of two localhost sims. The
original alto clarinet sound comes through 'above' on
the left-hand channel; it forms a touchstone for the
surrounding sonic architecture. 

the audio might be the strangest I've made; there are
two stages - live revrev with running two parallel 
programs, with live jinashi shakuhachi and madal input 
(I played them together), and post-production with 
pitch shift. I keep thinking: anticipatory music
(future perfect tense) combined with sound from the
_other side_ - and what might time be there? I love
this piece and the unexpectedness of it.

1. the haunting
threnody, mourning, lamentations, wailing, ululuations ...
"no, what's left the body, left of the body, the haunting the 
trace, my sleep my dreams, ghosts haunting, haunched on my 
shoulders, unbearable magnetic storms, I can imagine them, my 
dreams, present because it is.  And is there in fact a haunting? 
In any case, something makes one a haunting-screen, coming up 
against the body, covering my whereabouts - this Alan haunting 
my dreams, this Alan signifying neutral expression, haunted by 
memories of haunting, plastered, I explain. The haunting of the 
world by ghosts, virtual beings, dreams and nightmares and the 
psychoanalytics of the image, the haunting of the imaginary - 
which brings dreams of death without recompense or memory). I 
think the harbinger of permanent loss to come scratched speech 
on your white stretched skin and nubbed tips haunting under the 
cloak of night, swollen skin and nubbed tips haunting me through 
a presence or uncanny phantom, the voice descends from the 
haunting of memory chords, and corrosion or neurasthenia as the 
world swayed and rippled."

of the haunting, something moving through the bridge
of the haunting, something moving through the bridge

something moving under it

2. the haunting



.

sonic architectures

how the sound moves anong the imaginary land of shadows,
projects of Plato into the sound of ancient Greek or not
how Plato's project projects Plato's sound philosophy
how Plato's sound philosophy is sound

'He packed his pipe elaborately. "I once had a philosphy,"
he said. "But experience ruined it." He chuckled: "Next
time I'll know better."'

- Frederick Kohner, Gidget Goes New York, 1968

Accompanied by comments on the physicality of playing
intruments; afterwards, I had split nails, blisters, blood.
For me, this was about pushing - not against, but through -
the aural landscapes created by revrev, the sound system
in the performance space, physical architecture of the space,
architectures and potentials of the instruments. Applause
and comments taken out; this is the full performance.

Erhu

We just set up a more reasonable configuration
for the Motu and computer; the erhu sounds travel
into the ultrasonic which made it hard for the 
lavalier to work well; instead I duplicated the
instrument mic. In the meantime, playing is
compounded by my tinnitus, which creates beats/
interference patterns; my ear-dreaming, phantom
hearing, takes over and the result is strange; I
have to play through and above/below what I hear,
which is not entirely coming from the instrument.
The next beat of my heart might be mirrored in 
the madal, but not here. In any case, I think the
piece is quite good, worthy of hearing, rushed,
running wild at the limit of my physical/musical
capabilities. [...]

What happens when I fill the room in my head

The image is from our recording session which
resulted in Avatar Woman and Cutting Board.
The music - well it's alto clarinet sent through
the MOTU set for a 12 second reverb; that's what
I heard through the headphones and I was curious
how it would be to play that way. It took all
night to set up, indicative of the difficulty I
have with soundboard configurations. I was also
reacting to my fear of tinnitus interfering with
everything; here, I made sure it wasn't an issue
but I'm walking around the erhu suspiciously. In
any case, this piece is annoying, strange, and
insistent, and I love the tonalities the clarinet
was able to produce against itself in a space 
that never seemed to end.

jinashi shakuhachi, revrev
when i played the shakuhachi in this, with earphones, 
the instrument and revrev, i found myself in a new space
& one where i played differently, playing the space itself,
listening to the playing

when i meditated on echo echo echo
when i meditated on the worlds of war
when i meditated on Medea
when i meditated in medea res

revrev SPIRITVOICE at Granoff Tonight (Preformer)

first live presentation through speakers in a performance
space, some rough spots, no clicks, modified version 1.5,
AzureVoice through altoclarinet, alto clarinet, radio 
lavalier mic, dual speakers ceiling mounted, high 
resonance space, mic in alto clarinet bell, Azurehands
cupped around open end, Alanhands working keys, then more
alto clarinet corner played against feedback, mic in bell,
then more later with audience, reverberation damping, and
exquisite

impossibility of eternity and snow

recorded one then the other then looked for contours
you can hear the contours one fast one slow
it's the snow the relentless snow and subzero temperatures
everything makes the loneliness of the blizzard indoors
everything makes the loneliness of the blizzard and out
and out and the temperature and the eternal snow
it's the loneliness of the sounds thoughts of suicide
thoughts of darkness and life seeping out from wood
seeping out from wood and bamboo rising to stars
to stars in an impossible sky an impossible world
world of impossible snows and the loneliness of white
loneliness of white and grey and black the color
the color of snow from white and grey and black
and the temperature of the snow and its eternity


My Mathesis-Poesis

Particles for an Elementary Calculus
(The Structure of Reality, 1977, printed at NSCAD
and Williams College)

Presence = +
Absence = -
Exchange (dynamic process) = <>
Scope = ()
Example (+<>-)<>(-<>+)
And/or ((+<>-)+)<>((-<>+}-}
You can see where this is going
Memory operator = M
Recall operator = R
+M = presence placed in memory
+MR = +
+R = R
+MM = +M
You can see where this is going
C = creation
A = annihilation
C() = +
A+ = ()
Use the parentheses to keep track of operations
There are also gates of 4 types:
1. One-way gate with capacity of 1
2. One-way gate with capacity inaccessibly high
3. Two-way gate with capacity of 1
4. Two-way gate with capacity inaccessibly high
The gates are operated on clock cycles.
Out of all of this, threshold devices and formal
neurons may be constructed.
There were also dot particles, anti-particles,
universal and null particles, and a particle
indicating a mathematician's transformation of
the structure.
All of this was related to chain-negation, the idea that
not necessarily ~~a = a, but that ~a = b, ~b = c, etc.;
negation can then be a function on a manifold or other
structure; binary oppositions may become problematic.
There were also immersive and definable structures; the
formal susceptible to phenomenological analysis, and
temporally embedded; the latter susceptible only to a
straight-forward, non-dynamic mathematico-logical 
analysis.
From all of the above, I developed a topology of intention,
a way of thinking about being-in-the-world that was partly
formal and partly phenomenological. This is all in a text
from the mid-late 70s, The Structure of Reality. I visited
Minsky and Bohm several times then.
I realize how mathematically naive, false, dead-ending 
etc. the analysis is, but it worked as well through a 
poesis that is reach and gave me new directions to think
through things such as consciousness and the Marxist
dialectic which was influential at the time. Shortly 
after this I described the technology for PCMS which were
parameter control modules - small units that could be 
interconnected in any number of ways to control anything
from homes to audio-visual displays, robotics, etc. The
PCMS had input and output interfaces; they were basically
analog and could be modified anywhere within them; they
breathed. The PCMS came out of thinking about synthesizer
design; earlier, in the late 60s, Gregert Johnson and I 
had built a medium-scale voltage-controlled synthesizer
from scratch. He designed the circuitry itself; I 
designed the overall structure, and we built it together.
Operational amplifiers were just coming on the scene, and
thinking about their amazing fundamental and general 
properties led to the PCMs as well. Everything fit. 
Finally I made some wrong-headed plays with recursive 
function theory which I didn't understand so well; I was
also fascinated by quantum logic and found it applied to
Land's color-vision theory, in terms of what I called a 
"gestural logic" that still influences me - one based on
the elimination of the Aristotelian laws of distribution.
Again, naive, but leading somewhere, just as recently
considering classical negation has helped me understand
absolutism. Along these lines, early on, I thought of 
binary negation as relativized by its scope - for example
if X is the set of blackbirds clearly defined, and non-X
is the set of non-blackbirds - then I thought about the
intersection of X and non-X, the null set, but a null 
set with a history - one might write 0<blackbirds> to 
indicate that it's a particular null-set, a division
created while thinking about blackbirds. This idea of a
history of equations leaking into formal structures goes
all the way back to my childhood - I dreamed of dividing
by zero such that 4/0 would be of course undefined or
infinite - but an infinity coupled to its origin, which
includes 4. That led to fanciful notations ultimately
going nowhere...
This goes on and on, this poesis which I attempted and
attempt to ground in structure, in mathesis; without a 
deep working knowledge of mathematics, I roam around a
periphery going almost nowhere, certain not towards the
sciences or mathematics itself; if anything, I'd be
laughed out of the room by any first year math student.
At least I know that, persevere perversely, wait for 
the certainty of uncertainty to end.

breathing

breathing, trying centering, so much writing on tone,
not here, alto clarinet with post-production reverb 
and reverse reverb, so my breathing forms the roof of
my mouth, my tongue, my throat, my brain, my skull,
then gestural logics extend the spectrum temporally,
i know i will live forever i know i will live forever
i know i will live forever i know i will live forever
i know i will live forever i know i will live forever
and you will enjoy me, forever and forever, and the 
roof of the time of the world, forever and forever, 
amen

"if you listen to one solo alto clarinet piece this
year, this should be it!"

REVREV and Convolution

Convolution suite by Luke Damrosch;
REVREV by Luke Damrosch and Alan Sondheim (avatar)
Instrument: solo long-necked saz
sazzz1: half-way through the convolution kicks in
sazzz2: convolution

This is honestly "getting somewhere" and it "feels good"

So now we're getting somewhere. There's a beginning of the music 
- feels good to hear back from you again. I guess you aren't 
just a number cut off half-way through. I was there, a face 
which moved healing, peace, war drugs, then gave a number cut 
from a stepping-stone position - it's on its way, it's half-way 
towards brillaince, although these half-way markings bridge 
sites in the sound willy-nilly..

So death is half-way through life, and men and women are driven 
to sleep and dream.

I am not dreaming.
I am the substance of dream.
The curtain falls half-way up.

Vizoud

Playing oud for the image-music:
"What do I look like playing oud?"
Self-conscious poser that I am,
Hoping this is less than spam,
Although I play it's worth a damn,
This isn't music for a jam,
It's fairly skilled, I'm not a ham,
I've studied oud, I've tried to cram,
I've studied here and on the lam,
It's heavy work, it's not a sham,
It's not hard rock, not even glam,
Not background Muzak on a tram,
Not something grating for a slam,
Not quibble-dribble for a scam,
But something for the Court of Cham!

dwelling, audio fluidics, software

once the space is determined by the software, the position of 
the player, the musical instrument or instruments, the physical 
architecture of the playing space, the speed of sound in air 
which is temperature and humidity-dependent, the direction of 
the player and instrument, the characteristics and direction of 
the recording apparatus, ambient sound, characteristics of 
reflective surfaces, the instrument acoustics including the 
acoustics of different registers and chordal qualities if 
present, the software programs parameters, the parameters of the 
computer, the characteristics of the microphone or magnetic 
pickups or other transducers - once the space is determined or 
in-determined by all of this, the performance soon transforms, 
or from the very onset, into a series, choate or inchoate, of 
adjustments by the player, who moves from living without to 
dwelling within the acoustic and fluid space and architecture 
always supple and modified by the physical movements of the 
player in the space, so that, perhaps with repeated entries and 
inquiries, the dwelling becomes somatic, entangled and within 
and without the body and mind of the play, who now discovers, 
moves through the wellsprings of discovery, the subtlest 
characteristics or attributes of the instrument and the space 
and the player's body as a slow dance or quick dance or 
flashdance among them, producing work for and within that space 
and that instrument and all those elements that makes up the 
space, one might think even of playing the instrument and the 
space or playing the body and the instrument and the space, or 
playing the player within the dwelling of the player, so that 
the discovery of the player, for a fragile and perhaps even 
mysterious moment, becomes ecstasy or elsewhere or a locus of 
unimaginable wonder, something the player, for the rest of the 
player's life, within remains silent and strong within, an 
unimaginable memory, wordless, formless or the memory of form, 
soundless or the memory of sound, among the human and all other 
forms of living for the duration ..

Glass Qin

two qin pieces, one on the modern, the other on the 
Qing qin, played on the glass table. the angle and
sonic quality of the table in allegiance with the
1850s chair create an environment for experimentation
otherwise impossible, allowing for a wilder dwelling
against the grain. the sound is exact; the bodies of
the instruments add their own buzzes and creaks, the
sound and tensor of wood dwelling within itself.

Aural Anticipatory Architecture

Thanks to Luke Damrosch's SuperCollider programming, we have a 
proof of concept structure for apparent reversed reverberation 
and accompanying sonic architecture. We constantly changed 
parameters and the resulting seven pieces are a good beginning 
(as well as interesting music in themselves). Later I added 
natural harmonic harmonica as agni0. Other instrumentation 
included voice (Azure Carter), Tibetan cymbals and madal (Luke 
Damrosch), alto saxophone and toy keyboard (Alan Sondheim). In 
terms of improvisation, the environment is a unique and supple 
aural dwelling creating a different playing experience than the 
usual acoustic or electronic-acoustic setup. Luke will be 
working on equalization, pitch changes, etc., and I hope to 
create a multi-speaker/channel configuration that will appear 
overall to distort temporal perception, as if sound were rising 
out of thin air, in a state of continual enunciation. 

We used the laptop microphone, and output into a small Fender 
instrument amp; all the components in the playing-space were too 
close to prevent feedback. If things go well, we're present this 
at the Interrupt festival at the Brown University Cave in March.
Enjoy!


Opening, Aural Architectures

Qin and shakuhachi, 2 pieces each w/varied parameters; cura, 
1 piece

Playing in these environments (currently limited to 2 channel)
is a completely different experience - not because of delay,
but because of anticipation and spatial perception. For me,
the pieces are unique and calming in the midst of Sturm und
Drang; I hear and play the sirens of France, the guqin by a
mountain stream, shakuhachi of outer Zen outside Zen. Qin and
shakuhachi are difficult, sounding of breath and hands, 
strings and bamboo, streets of ice, Special Forces, screams,
and serenity. Rise up, mourn, meditate, and enjoy.

threnody

where are evelyn and norman now
where are weiss and sondheim
in the ground
in the cold cold ground

do they talk to one another
do they talk to one another then
their backs are to each other now
in the ground
in the cold cold ground

are they yet together 
are they yet together then
they are apart forever now
in the ground 
in the cold cold ground

what do you say to them
what do you say to them now
i'd say you're forever joined apart
i'd say you're back to back forever
in the ground
in the cold cold ground

i'd say no prayer nor cry would aid
no book nor journey turned to dust
forever joined no voice nor name
forever silent forever bone
in the ground
in the cold cold ground

you're forever joined apart
in the ground 
in the cold cold ground


REVREV! VERVER!


REVREVERVER MANIFESTO!
REVREVERVER CALL TO ACTION!
REVREVERVER PROGRAM FOR FUTURE!
REVREVERVER PROGRAM FOR FUTURE ACTION!

VERVER!
VERVER!
VERVER!

REVREV = reverse reverb
REVREV = review revise
REVREV = anticipatory processes
REVREV = reving reving engines cultures
REVREV = reviewing rehearsing
REVREV = rehearse after productiohs
REVREV = revamped processes of the future anterior
REVREV = what would have been after it might have been
REVREV = DANCE REVREV before the DANCE
REVREV = producing productions after production
REVREV = transient mobile sonic architectures
REVREV = sonic community of the future now
REVREV = always already the case before the case
REVREV = sounds opened with the whirlwind of sound
REVREV = doorless and transparent permeable monads
REVREV = VERVER
VERVER = REVREV
brever esrever = VERVER
esiver weiver = VERVER
sessecorp yrotapicitna = VERVER
serutluc senigne gniver gniver = VERVER
gnisraeher gniweiver = VERVER
shoitcudorp retfa esraeher = VERVER
roiretna erutuf eht fo sessecorp depmaver = VERVER
neeb evah thgim ti retfa neeb evah dluow tahw = VERVER
ECNAD eht erofeb VERVER ECNAD = VERVER
noitcudorp retfa snoitcudorp gnicudorp = VERVER
serutcetihcra cinos elibom tneisnart = VERVER
won erutuf eht fo ytinummoc cinos = VERVER
esac eht erofeb esac eht ydaerla syawla = VERVER
dnuos fo dniwlrihw eht htiw denepo sdnuos = VERVER
sdanom elbaemrep tnerapsnart dna sselrood = VERVER
REVREV = VERVER
VERVER = REVREV

REVREV!
REVREV!
REVREV!

REVREVERVER!

REVREV!
REVREV!
REVREV!

brever esrever = VERVER
esiver weiver = VERVER
sessecorp yrotapicitna = VERVER
serutluc senigne gniver gniver = VERVER
gnisraeher gniweiver = VERVER
shoitcudorp retfa esraeher = VERVER
roiretna erutuf eht fo sessecorp depmaver = VERVER
neeb evah thgim ti retfa neeb evah dluow tahw = VERVER
ECNAD eht erofeb VERVER ECNAD = VERVER
noitcudorp retfa snoitcudorp gnicudorp = VERVER
serutcetihcra cinos elibom tneisnart = VERVER
won erutuf eht fo ytinummoc cinos = VERVER
esac eht erofeb esac eht ydaerla syawla = VERVER
dnuos fo dniwlrihw eht htiw denepo sdnuos = VERVER
sdanom elbaemrep tnerapsnart dna sselrood = VERVER
REVREV = VERVER
VERVER = REVREV
REVREV = reverse reverb
REVREV = review revise
REVREV = anticipatory processes
REVREV = reving reving engines cultures
REVREV = reviewing rehearsing
REVREV = rehearse after productiohs
REVREV = revamped processes of the future anterior
REVREV = what would have been after it might have been
REVREV = DANCE REVREV before the DANCE
REVREV = producing productions after production
REVREV = transient mobile sonic architectures
REVREV = sonic community of the future now
REVREV = always already the case before the case
REVREV = sounds opened with the whirlwind of sound
REVREV = doorless and transparent permeable monads
REVREV = VERVER
VERVER = REVREV

VERVER!
VERVER!
VERVER!


Wood!

returning from NY, finding the humidity below 20% and all the 
instruments untuned, even with a large-output humidifier going.
so tuning up again - violin, oud, the sazs, suroz, gambus, all 
were wildly loose and luckily nothing cracked. the oud has been 
the most difficult to tune up again; at one point the twelfth 
(unused) peg fell out and I jumped; I thought it had broken. I'm 
now trying to adjust wood and string, keep the qin happy, set 
the humidity as high as possible in this dry place in a dry town 
(even though by the water), keep the temperature low, anything 
so I can stop running around like crazy, resetting the pegs, 
worrying the string tension, etc. tomorrow it's the hasapi and 
suroz, and that will leave the cranky bowl-backed mandolin for 
the last. meanwhile here are two oud solos, each played with the 
oud in a different position (traditional, or with the soundboard 
upright), each trying something different. with the dry air and 
the air dry, with the dry dry air, it's difficult to keep my 
hands from slipping, the oud from slipping, the pegs from 
slipping yet again, and so here we are; msoud0 is even a bit 
lyrical, a relief from the mourning music I often produce. msoud 
= Maurice Shehata oud, the name of the maker, the oud originally 
from Dubai.

I would play wood! I will play wood! I would play wood!
I would play wood! I will play wood! I would play wood!
I would play wood! I will play wood! I would play wood!

================

Time Reversal and Anticipation in Music

================

Using reverse reverberation, it's possible to create a 
simulacrum of time reversal, the spatial environment itself 
producing the sound, which always follows, always ensues. 
In other words, spatiality, temporality, produce the sound 
which is emblematic, responsive, to the exigencies of the 
aural resonance, and likewise, the human body, the body of
the musician, is an emergent property of the whole. Space
is a dwelling in eternity, and speech has already been 
spoken in a form of future anterior. Behind us, we find
ourselves in the future, and before us, the anticipation
of a creation yet to come. *

Best listening with headphones. My Qing qin was used for
all three pieces, accompanied by a modern qin on the 
last (which has remarkable subtle stereo). I personally
like the first and third best. Editing was in Audition.
The images are from a local OpenSim server on my laptop,
with the Imprudence viewer and modified prims from my
MacGrid regions.

* See Derrida, No Apocalypse, Not Now, (full speed ahead,
seven missiles, seven missives), Diacritics 14/2, 1984

*/record, reverse, reverberation, reverse, normalize/*

================

Care of an Older Guitar (for Signal to Noise)

1949 Romeo Di Giorgio classical guitar. I bought it in Cambridge, Mass, 
around 1967, and have had it ever since. I started playing music after a 
disastrous relationship; this was 1962. I was influenced by Lightning 
Hopkins. I didn't know music. I memorized chords in alphabetic order, 
A,B,C,D,E,F,G, sharps and flats in due order. I went through a number of 
guitars, settled on a Gibson electric and the Di Giorgio. In the Cambridge 
scene, Al Wilson (later of Canned Heat) thought me a "city blues player" 
because I played fast, but I was more John Fahey than Charlie Patton. 
Other instruments came and went, but the Di Giorgio stayed with me. When I 
bought it, the store clerk cried; he'd been using it in concerts, had 
never heard anything like it. It cost $125. It came with 17 cracks and 
still has 17 cracks. It's gone through two floods, one in a closet in 
Providence, Rhode Island, and one in a warehouse in Los Angeles, after 
having coming back from Tasmania. It's been everywhere with me.

The guitar is remarkable: inside the sound-hole, there's a hyperboloid 
wooden band extending down to an inch of the back. I think this is from an 
eighteenth-century design. I haven't seen any modern guitar with the 
device, except for the current Di Giorgio Tarrega, which has an oval sound 
hole.

From a description sent to me by the company: "Alan, thanks for calling . 
Sorry, I use a translator. The model Serie Artistica has covers it in 
pine, laterals and deep in plated of jacarand, fingerboard pau ferro, arm 
in cedar . The sound is very pretty. Is it a classical model. It was 
manufactured artisan." Elsewhere I've heard Swedish Pine. The body is 
Brazilian rosewood. Once I had top removed to re-glue the bracing - it was 
repaired by a lutheir who made guitars for Segovia and David Lee Roth. The 
guitar has unusually rich tones and very strong deep harmonic response. 
The wood is thin enough to shine a light through. Apparently there's no 
bracing under the bridge; the top bows, but the action's very low. Unlike 
other older instruments, the sound hasn't diminished with age. On occasion 
I repair the cracks myself, but let them breathe. I keep the guitar tuned 
low, usually a fourth or so. I think the value is around $5000, but who 
knows?

Now what's interesting to me - this is obviously not mass-produced; it has 
its own sound which is distinctive to anyone. Its very fragility requires 
a kind of tending or care, a necessary tending if the guitar is to 
survive. This is very different than most of my other string instruments 
(electric saz, tenor banjo, yayli tanbur, cura cumbus for examples), which 
are fairly standardized; on the other hand, it parallels the care needed 
with things like my hasapi and alpine zithers. In my writing I draw a 
distinction between analog and digital phenomenologies; the latter is 
based on replacement, equivalence, eternity, production, and protocols, 
while the former is based on dwelling, tending, imminence, and a chthonic 
modality within which object becomes subject. The analog is inhering, 
subject-like; the digital is remote, object-like. The analog, let us say, 
is really "in time"; the digital is construct and raster. Obviously I 
exaggerate (and my texts here are complex), but in terms of my work, the 
Di Giorgio has been with me, more or less as companion instrument (like 
Donna Haraway's "companion species") for over forty years; we continue to 
make music together. Most of my art through on computer now; the Di 
Giorgio reminds me of the fragility of what comes before and after the 
screen and wireless, what maybe matters most, the inhering wetware in an 
ultimately "alien" world of black holes and branes, not brains. I worry 
about passing the instrument on, but things sometimes have their way of 
making paths through the world, often beyond us, and not always 
accompanied by debris. The guitar will leave me in better shape than it 
arrived; I tend it, but possession seems mutual and hardly relevant at 
this stage of our lives.

=======================================================================

Track 11 is recorded live on the same keyboard acoustically; you can hear 
breathing, key and nail sounds, and so forth. The recording is stereo. 
Here the machine gives way to the periphery of the human player One might 
place this configuration in the symbolic.

The Cluster tracks are recorded from a very large Beowulf computer cluster 
which generates considerable electromagnetic radiation in the radio 
spectrum. These are recorded acoustically from a Realistic Patrolman SW-60 
radio slowly tuned across various SW, VHF, and UHF bands. This is the 
sound of the machine in air, transformed into audio signals within the 
range of human hearing. Machine-states and machine exist in the imaginary. 
Emanents exist within and without the machine.

Think of the true world in all its glory.

zzzzzzzzzzzz sw.txt


