  
  
  
                                   SEX!
                                  REMOVE
                           ENTER THE SITE HERE
                           SUPER STAYING POWER
                          BREASTSUCCESS PILLS!!
                          IN 60 SECONDS OR LESS!
                          MAXIMUM SEXUAL HEALTH
                         DOUBLE-STRENGTH ORGASMS
                         TOTAL, OVERSIZE AROUSAL
                       MASSIVE ROCK-SOLID ERECTIONS
                      IMMEDIATE ROCK-SOLID ERECTIONS
                     AMAZING SCIENTIFIC BREAKTHROUGH.
                     INCREASE THE SIZE OF YOUR BUST!!
                 COMPLETELY SAFE AND EFFECTIVE LUBRICANT
                 DO IT THE NATURAL WAY WITH PROVEN HERBS!
            INCREASE THE SIZE AND INTENSITY OF YOUR ERECTIONS!
            RESULTS STARTING WITHIN AS LITTLE AS A FEW WEEKS.
          TO YOUR BUST IS NOW SAFE AND AFFORDABLE. SEE BEAUTIFUL
          WITH BREAST SUCCESS BREAST ENHANCEMENT, ADDING INCHES
       BREAST SUCCESS IS AN ALL NATURAL HERBAL SUPPLEMENT DESIGNED
       OVER A FEW MONTHS YOUR BREASTS WILL BECOME FULLER AND FIRMER
  /usr/games/caesar -14 < zz > yy 78 /usr/games/caesar -2 < zz > yy 79 man
  /usr/games/caesar 1 < zz > yy 90 pico yy
  35 rm nb 36 du 37 ls 38 m 39 pico jj 40 sort jj > yy 41 pico yy 42 pico 
  84 ls 85 cd 86 ls 87 /usr/games/caesar 24 < yy > zz 88 pico zz 89
  TO NATURALLY INCREASE THE SIZE, SHAPE AND FIRMNESS OF WOMEN'S BREASTS.
  a-z A-Z < zz > yy 51 pico yy 52 h 53 sed 's/^ //g' yy > zz 54 pico zz 55
  caesar 80 h 81 /usr/games/caesar 1 < zz > yy 82 pico yy 83 cd /usr/games
  pico yy 66 h 67 tr ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ ZYXWVUTSRQPONMLKJIHGFEDCBA
  tr A-Z Z-A < zz > yy 56 pico yy 57 h 58 tr [A-Z] [Z-A] < zz > yy 59 pico
  yy 60 h 61 tr AZ ZA < zz > yy 62 pico yy 63 h 64 tr [AZ] [ZA] < zz > yy 
  yy 73 sed 's/^/^ /g' zz > yy 74 pico yy 75 h 76 sed 's/^/ /g' zz > yy 77
  zz > yy 68 pico yy 69 less zz 70 h 71 /usr/games/caesar < zz > yy 72 
  zz h 44 pico jj 45 sort jj > zz 46 rm jj 47 ls 48 rm yy 49 pico zz 50 tr


  ___



LOL


LOL lots of love to you and you and you! and wonderful day for you and you 
and you! LOL laugh out loud at you and you and you! laugh and laugh out 
loud!

They say you can't trace what you feel
When you're faced with little signs
But I think they're like the eel
Slithering among the mines

Avoiding each with fin and tooth
From head to toe to grave
It's like the butterfly, forsooth,
Dancing in a rave.

But seriously, folks, do these acronyms really work? More and more our 
children are faced with 160 character screens and no place to spell out 
more than abbreviated feelings.

Which as Freud says, sticks emotion to the symbol. The result is the 
atrophy of emotions, a neutral or darkly plain face, perhaps with 
sunglasses, staring out uncomprehending the world. What to do? Remember, 
the greater the screen size, the more delicate the emotion:

The whole world is our screen! Our emotions fill the skies!

Let us at least use L1 for LOL and L2 for LOL and we will be able, once 
and for all, to differentiate between love and laughter!


___


Ex-tasis


"Why is it that one who is having sexual intercourse, and also a dying 
person, casts his eyes upwards, while a sleeper casts them downwards? It 
is because the heat going out in an upward direction makes the eyes turn 
in the direction in which it is itself traveling, whereas during sleep 
the heat collects in the lower part of the body and so inclines the eyes 
downwards? The eyes close because there is no moisture left in them."
(Aristotle, Problems, IV, 1, trans. Forster.)

"At Scotussae in Thessaly they say there is a little fountain from which 
flows water of such a kind that in a moment it heals wounds and bruises 
both of men and of beasts of burden; and if any one throws wood into it, 
without having quite broken it, but having merely split it, this unites, 
and is restored again to its original state." (Aristotle, On Marvellous 
Things Heard, 117, trans. Dowdall.)

"The bird-fly of Florida, for similar reasons, prefers the vignonia. This
is a creeping plant, which finds its way to the tops of the highest trees,
and frequently covers the whole trunk. He builds his nest in one of its
leaves, which he rolls into the form of a coronet; he finds his food in
its red flowers, which resemble those of the fox-glove: he plunges his
little body into them, which appears in the heart of the flower like an
emerald set in coral; and he gets in sometimes so far, that he suffers
himself to be surprised there and caught." (Williams, The Vegetable
World.)

"dictation n. pat-a-ssu-gi" (Underwood, English-Korean Dictionary.)

"Since each step in the food chain involves a loss of energy, if one is 
interested in an end product such as fish it is obviously important to 
have a short food chain in order to utilize the maximum amount of energy 
in synthesizing the desired product." (Brock, Biology of Microorganisms.)

"From all we have said, it becomes more and more clear that science is 
fundamentally a well-organized aggregate of ideas, a theoretical 
structure, and that the scientist is basically a thinker, a theorist, and 
only secondarily an observer. All that precedes this state of theoretical 
organization of phenomena is pre-scientific." (van Kaam, Existential 
Foundations of Psychology.)

"Before refrigeration, when seafood might be kept a few days in a chilly 
basement, this phenomenon of glowing decay was observed and noted. Charles 
Dickens, in A Christmas Carol (1852), likens Marley's face in the knocker 
of Scrooge's door to a glowing lobster: 'Marley's face...had a dismal 
light about it, like a bad lobster in a dark cellar.' How may nonmicro- 
biologists have passed over that line unable to decipher what image 
Dickens had in mind?" (Dyer, A Field Guide to Bacteria.)

"So much for worldly things, for the pleasures of vanity; I went into 
detail because they are very rare for me, who have a sensitive soul and an 
avaricious father, and because I have need of being disgusted with them in 
order to give myself up entirely to my love for Victorine and THE FAME; 
but that will come, I'm sure." (Stendahl, Private Diaries, trans. Sage.)

"Your form is now ready to be wired, meaning that the user interface is in
place." (Davis, Visual Basic for Windows.)

"QueryUnLoad First event in the death sequence; gives the programmer a
chance to put in code cancelling the unload." (Davis, Visual Basic for 
Windows.)
__


God is Everywhere

"Abner. "And "Angel-Guards," "April "Away "Away "Baylor. "Be "Beautiful
"Beautiful "Beautiful "Birdie "Birds "Blessing "Bright "Brightly "Carlsen.
"Come "Come "Come "Come "Coming "Cradle "Cry "Duke "Echo "Fare "Fillmore.
"Forth "Gather "Gentle "Golden "Good "Good "Good-Night "Gracefully
"Gracefully "Hail "Hallelujah! "Hark! "Harvest "Home "Home "Hurrah "I "I
"I "If "Jesus "Life's "Like "List "Live "Majestic "Make "May "Minstrels
"Morning "Morning," "Music "Must "Night "Night "Now "Now "Now "O "O "Oh,
"Oh, "Old "On "Our "Sailing," "See "Singing "So "Spirit "Spring "Spring
"Stars "Summer "Summer "Summer "Sweet "Sweet "Thanks "The "The "The "The
"The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "There's
"Trinity. "Twilight "Twilight "Up "Upward "Venite, "Vox "Welcome "Welcome
"What "What "When "Where "Wind "Woodland "You (Psalm (Psalm (regarding
121), 24), 7S.," 7s.," Afton," Again," Again," Aloud, An Another," Anvil,"
Are Are Are Are Around," Autumn Away, Be Beaming," Bells," Bells," Bells,"
Bells," Boy Breeze," Bride," Bright C. C. Care! Changeful Childhood,"
Childhood," Closing," Come," Come," Comes," Coming Cuckoo," Darling!,"
Darling," Dashing," Days," Dear," Dell," Dilecti," Dispatch Do?," Domino,"
Down" Down," Dream," Early," Earth Eve Evening Evening Evening
Everywhere," Exultemus Eyes" Fade?," Fading," Falls," Farewell," Farmer
Farmer's Flag Flowers," Flowers," Flowers," Flowers?," Footsteps Forest
Friends Gaily Glen," Gliding," Glory," Good," Grace," Great," Happy Hear,"
Here Here Here," Here," Him," Hollow Home Honored Hopes," How Humming," I
Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is It," Jovial Joy," Joyful Kind Lad,"
Land," Laugh," Lays," Leafy Liberty," Lift Light Light," Like Longer
Look," Lord Lord Lord's" Lord, Lord," Lord," Lord," Love Lovely M.," M.,"
M.," Mad Many May Me, Me," Me," Me," Mellow Men Midnight Mine Moon
Moonlight," Moonlight," Morning Morning," Music Music," My My My My My
NameIf," New-Year," Night," Night," Night," No Noise," Not," Now O O'er
One Part," Praise Praise Rain," Ransomed Reaping Rills," Roam Roses S. Say
Sea," Shade," Shades Should Showers," Side Sing Singing," Singing,"
Sleigh-ride," Sleighbells," Something," Song" Song," Song," Song," Spare
Spring Spring," Stay," Stealing," Street," Strength," Summer Summer Summer
Summer," Sun," Sunbeams," Sunshine," Sweet Sweet Templar's Tender That
Thee, Thou Thy Time Time Time," Tinkling To Unto Up Voice Voice," Voices,"
Want Waves We We Welcome," Well, Whispers," Wildwood," Will Will Will Will
Wilt Winning Winter Winter With With With Would Ye You You're Zion Zion."
a a a and and and for for for in in in in in including is is of of of of
of of of of of of snowfall), the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the the the the the the the the the to to to to to to to


___


   The Head of God


   P12:5, 0:9.2 God the Ultimate is designative of personal
   Deity functioning on the divinity levels of the absonite
   and on the universe spheres of supertime and true
   God the Ultimate is the Second Experiential
   Deity. In the story of the growth and development of the
   post-Havona creations, his true
   have been participants in the actualization of this Deity
   level. Transcendence of the finite can lead only to
   ultimate attainment. God the Ultimate exists
   Each of them hold a part of the Ultimate
   Deity. Now everywhere. There is nothing that
   does not have a little of a God or a Goddess in it.
   God the Ultimate is the second experiential
   Deity. What the Supreme is to finite growth, the
   Ultimate is to absonite growth. What true
   God the Ultimate is the Second Experiential
   Deity. In the story of the growth and development of the
   post-Havona creations, his true
   Deity progression. The experiential Deities; God the
   Supreme. Summary of evolution of
   Supreme. God the Ultimate
   of that supreme God. Most urban Hindus follow one of
   two major divisions within Hinduism: Vaishnavaism: which generally
   regards Vishnu as the ultimate deity; true
   measure anything, I don't think the deity or spirit
   a divinity split into Ultimate Good
   and Ultimate Evil (akin to the Christian view of
   God and Satan true) - 
   best demonstrated by the Greco-Roman deity structure.
   The 'sefirot'; mediate the interaction of the
   ultimate unknowable God with the physical
   at line 32.

   HOSANNAH!
   HOSANNAH!
   HOSANNAH!
   HOSANNAH!
   HOSANNAH!


  ___


spam compression/distillation


$2000000000usd tune $32000000 worth +34-649-011-828 share +873-763-430-526
fax - entire 1500gmt oÒclock 1977 corporation 1990Òsthe early 1997
september 1998 june 20% withdrawal 2002 27th 25% assistancethe december 3
cancer 39 agreement 5% remaining 500-600 crashed 6 runway 70% informed 75%
potential 8th on a advent abacha sani ability doubt about usd$26426m
abroad push absolutely is acceptable proposal accommodation hotel
accomudation perfectly account john accounts time acknowledge total
address e-mail advance so advantage with advicer affidavit ignorance
africa african south africaÒs east after against propaganda age purposes
ago months reaching aim risks alhaji represent ali mr all outside
allocated votes alone also box alternative note am presently american
charity3% ammunitions purchasing amount hugh an assistance anc use and
nothing andthen any or apart set application proper appointed kin
appologise ethics approved when are assure arise arms buying arop daniel
arrest house art/cultural investments artifacts sales as may assist look
decided want assured be asylum living at attorney attempts several
attending officials your ausserer dwight authorities frozen away write
balance bank reliable barrister bbc cnn of because surprise been please
before begin like beginning refer behalf ensure beneficial deal
beneficiary family benefit drug beneificary open better nairobi between
very bills telephone/fax born but trunk brother bulletins news burial
buried busia business intimate business/mutual percentage through by came
having can partner sadly cannot incarceration capability cash extent
central vaults certificate me chairman tony chamber commerce chambers
change money2% chief former choice stating citizen claim familyi
clarification provide client trustworthy client's close war features
co-operation code consistent come has commece industry commemoration trade
company personal confidence introduced confidentiali keep confines
restricted confirm contacted confisticated properties conflict later
contact got intensified contents if continued mother contract controversy
urgently converting theexecution mining could purchase country court
countrynigeria leader high cousin distant crash surrounding crave humbly
currently redeem custody danbaba kept search make death due deceided
possible won decision europe delivery file democratic new department worry
deposit secret deposited ownership desire sincere destination made
detailed details died who difficult negotiable directly paid director
disclosed discuss dispensation disposed well required disturbances
division last do does dollars us no drove guarantee indicating during
sierra-leone where effect travel elected newly election email firm
email:mohammedkhalifjnr1@ziplipcom risk employee end national endeavor
endeavour five energy responsibility injure establish estates gwarzo
etcthere nigerian meet financial events familiar ever what everyone
transaction exhibition exihibition exile rest existence logdement expenses
relationship exsitence proof know facilitate him fact-finding swear outing
far father favor received favuor whose sat meters few late figures gen
past filing process finance state finance/security yengeni@awiszzncom
finanical instability first flight processof following follows: for forces
foreign source foreign> given forget off the forward grateful four twenty
fred from hear fully outfit fund funds further websites future honesty
gave she general which give over position go once government most hereby
ishmaila had happened handle handling himself rtd have i he hindred
heading ihope held help hence possession her prior here matter village his
honest rudiments hope hostility how however led would hundred six morgan
mail immediate immediately important replying in informations incidental
include incuding incurre resources indulgence information might initiated
seriously inquiry ticket intend interest two interested reach
international purpose intiquities itcc into only were introduction way
invested wilbe investing investment involved there name it itÒs son junta
military kabba tijan kanu moi karimu under keeping senior kenya province
kenyaÒs khalif kibaki mwai killed next kisumu port though koroma paul lake
more sensitive reveal law reply leadership leading nationÒs leased
purchased letter this logded long years madrid sending main major towards
managed mandated manged subject maturity since means stable message met
not million thirty-two mineral t minister other ministry mission money was
mutilated president my relocate nine party native tanko needed nigeria one
view now number number: obasanjo olusegun whip took weapons same
persecution opposition orange order originally pilot our out year then
over-throwing owner spain will par secured parliament's part ruling
payment transferred period short severe person physically place plane you
political present victoria portfolio telephone presidentkanuthe pressure
sesay upon properous strong proposition should regime provided western
used we question reaches reason rebel receipt receive reimbursement
relatives value result safe said satisfied trust secretary security sent
shared states sit treasure thirty-three solicit some soon yengeni united
status success without sum take tenure that these things usd336m writing
thousand to totalling transvaal us$255m valued while within world zaheer

1 pico jj 2 sort jj > zz 3 wc zz 4 ./mod 5 wc zz 6 ./a/eliminate.pl < zz >
jj 7 mv jj zz 8 wc zz 9 pico zz 10 tr A-Z a-z < zz > jj 11 pico jj 12 sed
's/[.;,()^]//g' jj > zz 13 pico zz 14 wc zz 15 ./a/eliminate.pl < zz > jj
16 wc jj 17 pico jj 18 ./a/elim2.pl < jj > zz 19 wc zz 20 pico zz 21 sort
zz > yy 22 pico yy 23 ./a/eliminate.pl < yy > zz 24 wc zz 25 pico zz 26 h


___


ok

as long as i continue writing, i am still alive. every word i write is
proof of my existence. i have not contracted with anyone else to write me.
to write me would be to write my existence. to write to me would be to
await a portent. portents stop before existence stops. the imminent before
death is that of the sign. the sign wavers, exhausts itself, and is gone.
these are signs i am writing, these are signs.


__



   Etats Generaux de la Philosophie   


   Magnificent Philosophy! Can it be that such a self-consistent,
   Magnificent! philosophy is the figment of the
   imaginations of a number of misguided morons? true
   Leviathan is both a Magnificent! literary achievement and the
   greatest work of political philosophy in the English
   language. Permanently true
   13k jollyrogermail] [Shakespearean Greetings]
   [nantucketnavy.com][hatteraslight.com][Classicgreetings.com]
   PHILOSOPHY Re: magnificent: Discussion Deck.
   true
   Alice Bailey  Djwhal Khul - Esoteric Philosophy -
   Master Index - MAGNIFICENT. magnificence,
   MAGNIFICENT magnificently. true
   journals with Internet sites. There is also a Magnificent! set
   of links to philosophy departments' web sites. Well
   how could such a
   Magnificent! genius bow to the labors of life; give up his
   authority over his creation to a boss or a capricious customer
   that likes to be ridden, that presents a magnificent
   sight, that training | clinics | exhibitions |
   show about us ? | philosophy! | library! | photo!
   Perhaps we can solve this by explaining - by communicating
   - to others our Magnificent! philosophy, by telling
   potential Lions what the nucleus of Lions Clubs true
   Philosophy by Aldous Huxley Publisher Comments Both an
   anthology and an interpretation of the supreme mystics, East and
   West. . . . A Magnificent! true
   challenge to philosophy presents a
   Magnificent! opportunity to strike out in a new direction.
   true philosophy philosophy Magnificent! philosophy at Thu Jul 24 
   17:28:40 2003


   ___


   Evil Dead Violent Brothers


   There are evil people in all groups and
   communities and people also and people of a dead
   level mediocrity true
   comedy miles removed from the dark, violent
   content of Their fan base growing, the brothers went
   on to make true
   considerable critical acclaim and established the brothers
   as fresh miles removed from the dark, violent
   content of true
   Dead considerable critical acclaim and
   established the brothers as fresh miles removed
   from the dark, violent content of true
   l 13k of Darkness, ditto with the more violent
   Evil Dead 2: Dead the first 20 minutes
   of by Dawn, Evil Dead 2: Dead by Dawn
   vampire after attending masquerade at
   evil-infested manse.
   Snapshot: Graphically violent, offbeat cult true
   However, this violent, darkly comic, character
   driven thriller has a A Simple Plan shows how
   evil can be created the plane they discover the
   dead pilot, and a true
   brothers film, a back and ready to
   rumble, throwing violent and comedic A loose
   sequel to the first two Evil Dead movies, this
   Violent im/amoral style fest that The
   Evil Dead horror, frequently dull -
   find images of an extremely graphic and violent nature on
   US ve seen this side of the brothers, the
   premise true
   evil dead violent brothers at Thu Jul 24 17:40:39 2003


   ___


th3ory

do you you do know you my know wife, my suzie wife, graham? suzie even
graham? years even ago years when ago she when used she to used if to
would itrs like would find to some find new some ways new get to in get
the in mood the more mood often more itrs often exciting now be to a be
part a of part all of this all help this and help healing. and anything
healing. right you now right only itrs available only online. available
soon online. it soon will it magazines, in doesnrt she have doesnrt phd a
or phd that. like but that. that but didnrt that was suzie unbelievable
was at unbelievable they devoted labeled have her labeled v her sthe v
ultimate sthe sex-divat. ultimate very sex-divat. lucky very devoted and
husband cd well husband few a months few recorded she little a smood-
makert little audio smood-makert cd audio should you know, should has
suzie always has had always knack a for knack sort this thing. of we've
are made we've our it mission our life in as help many as these of hot
these b00ks hot are b00ks better help than better 1! than we when met we
william met he william so was shy so can we greatly be appreciated.
greatly champions. appreciated. one champions. "students": our name:
"students": age: william 18 age: comments: 18 3 comments: fiuic 3 ked,
fiuic feel to construct a b00k construct their in th3ory their first very
time, first helped time, thousands helped women. of never it took never
long women before long word before got word around got women the knowing
that what knowing makes what tick of how and them help least their 2 least
million 2 by women valentines by 2004. f1uicking matter. 2004. wherever
matter. workede she time of covered time sipunk, in f1uicking sipunk,
suiciking and enjoy or love-making enjoy moree even radio moree tv and
werre guys striving werre relationship. at deconstruct some meet we h0t
meet y0ung h0t guys y0ung who time want who sweet get suzie sweet an like
old an pro old no in time. no contents: time. teamed contents: him teamed
up him with up best our educators best jeff educators steven then already
has door) the asking and advice. her then advice. might suzie able be you.
help tiwinks you. can. we they're can. horny a bunch horny spend they fair
a amount fair work amount regular a jobewomen regular were jobewomen
coming always into make office her (shutting office sondheim, (shutting
funny sondheim, boys funny make boys


___


Julu on Colonialism


"Pledge marches me on your boat"? To the moment of the pledge of truth,
but the march carries nothing, back and forth - the image pretends towards
the static, the immanent, with its reliance on the fixture of pixels. But
such fixtures are configurations in the first place - we are at double and
tertiary levels of coding, and this coding is all the way down of course.
Nonetheless, there is a structure of belief here, all tangled with soft-
ware and protocols, and therefore with contractuality and post-late-cap-
italism, remember that? :"Your palm is blasphemy unto the Lord."? The palm
is the image of the world; it is the Lord's blasphemy, cutting corners,
making shortcuts, bypassing the Absolute - here is what you have, here is
what might be the case - and you can do something about it. "Your boat
shall convert in truth and not in false demand"? Hardly the case; in fact,
the wavering is the result of the wave - diffraction and refraction at
work portending an image, now digital, now part of the "Archive series"
which is once again taken for truth. No elements need apply - they are are
present, accounted for, at least at the beginning. To begin the unbegin-
ning, to begin the unaccountable - that is the history of our lives,
against which archiving is both weak and unacceptable. :"The Transform and
Freedom of the Natives"? It seems just the opposite - archiving the
impossible, down to the level of the pixel. Even in Run-time, this goes
nowhere at all. The images are enormous, down to the level of diffraction
lines, surely digital artifacts in the first place. From all reports,
they're less in jpeg than tiff, which shows that some sort of processing
is advantageous. Of course every image is a process, and the digital ones
continue to be so - not to mention decay, lost pixels beneath the rain of
constant radiation. ::

"How would you define your palm"? - not by defining I would say, not by 
palm-up or palm-down. The definition in the first place is a type of 
archiving, a placement, both radical and Cartesian in essence, if not in 
gridwork. 

Does "The Transform and Freedom of the Natives"? It seems just the oppos-
ite - archiving the impossible, down to the level of the pixel.  Even in
Run-time, this goes nowhere at all. The images are enormous, down to the
level of diffraction lines, surely digital artifacts in the first place.
From all reports, they're less in jpeg than tiff, which shows that some
sort of processing is advantageous. Of course every image is a process,
and the digital ones continue to be so - not to mention decay, lost pixels
beneath the rain of constant radiation.  replace your "Pledge marches me
on your boat"? To the moment of the pledge of truth, but the march carries
nothing, back and forth - the image pretends towards the static, the
immanent, with its reliance on the fixture of pixels. But such fixtures
are configurations in the first place - we are at double and tertiary
levels of coding, and this coding is all the way down of course. Nonethe-
less, there is a structure of belief here, all tangled with software and
protocols, and therefore with contractuality and post-late-capitalism,
remember that? ?


___


Mud-Trapping 


Alan and Clara go north. Alan and Clara are trapped in the cloaca of
Tiffany. Clara kills Alan. Alan is resurrected.

(This is an lpmud I redesigned a number of years ago. Texts have been
rewritten, pathways changed, and a few new objects were added. The
lpmud runs in DOS.)

Alan is new and enters.

Alan the naked flesh.
You are penetrated, you are my male thing!
This lpmud has been contaminated. Viral plagues, organs of problematic
sexualities, have been emitted from sources near the previous village
church. Tiffany and others have been seen wandering... The land itself
is slowly suppurating. Beware of wandering too far. Warning! ...
is best carried out naked. Body excretions function as armor. We are
burrowing among each other's tissues...
You are in the church of Tiffany.
There is a bleeding cunt in the center,
and a door in the west wall. There is a button beside the door.
There is a clock on the wall.
There is an exit to south.
There are labia opposite the exit.
The clock bleeds 36 seconds.
You are enfolded by inner tissues south of Tiffany.
You are covered with her, menses spewing from her swollen hole.
You can see a road further to the east.
A hole, rimmed with effluvia open for you. 10 gold coins. clitoris.
You are in the NoWoMansLand outside the village. Do not go north.
There is a big forest to the west. You are in a big forest.
Do not go north.
You are in the cloaca of Tiffany. There are no exits.
There is no me here.

Clara is wizard here. Clara enters.

Clara the naked flesh.
This lpmud has been contaminated. Viral plagues, organs of problematic
sexualities, have been emitted from sources near the previous village
church. Tiffany and others have been seen wandering... The land itself
is slowly suppurating. Beware of wandering too far. Warning! ...
is best carried out naked. Body excretions function as armor. We are
burrowing among each other's tissues...
Your last login was form 0.0.0.100
You are in the church of Tiffany.
There is a bleeding cunt in the center,
and a door in the west wall. There is a button beside the door.
There is a clock on the wall.
There is an exit to south.
There are labia opposite the exit.
The clock bleeds 36 seconds.
You are enfolded by inner tissues south of Tiffany.
You are covered with her, menses spewing from her swollen hole.
You can see a road further to the east.
A hole, rimmed with effluvia open for you. 10 gold coins. clitoris.
You are in the NoWoMansLand outside the village. Do not go north.
There is a big forest to the west. You are in a big forest.
Do not go north.
You are in the cloaca of Tiffany. There are no exits.
There is no me here.
CLARA <<<!>>>
Alan arrives.
Alan missed Clara.
You hit Alan.
Alan missed Clara.
You hit Alan hard.
Alan missed Clara.
You hit Alan.
Alan missed Clara.
You hit Alan hard.
Alan missed Clara.
You hit Alan hard.
Alan missed Clara.
Alan died.
You see a dark shape gathering some mist... or maybe you're just
imagining that.
You killed Alan.
You are in the cloaca of Tiffany.
There are no exits.
The somewhat decayed holes of Alan.
You are in the cloaca of Tiffany.
10 gold coins.
You are alone in the cloaca of Tiffany.
There are no exits.

Here is what happened to Alan:

Tiffany arrives through a rift in the fabric of space.
Tiffany smiles at you.
Tiffany and Death fuck.
Death says: Our clits and tongues bond together forever!

Tiffany spreads her labia open; the forest is within them.
Death spreads her asshole open; Tiffany is within.
Death says: The ghost will suck us together!

Tiffany bleeds from the hole of Death.
Tiffany leaves from the cunt of Death.
Death looks at you with his cock throbbing and cunt wet.
Her body offers you every sort of pleasure, and
you offer your holes to death.

Death says: I'll dissolve you in my fluids, hurl them into you!

Suddenly Death expels you from her body, you feel strange as you
pass through the hole, into the open air, through flesh and blood
before you finally stop inside another body. You call this a name,
a building. It seems vaguely familiar...

That is what happened to Alan.

This is what happened to Clara.

Kill Clara.
What ? Attack yourself ?
Drop clitoris. Ok.
You are in the cloaca of Tiffany. There are no exits.
Clitoris and 10 gold coins...

That is what happened to Clara.

___


Deaths


alan(1) killed by Go player(0), creator: 0
kayo(1) killed by Clara . ((((((!))))))(clara), creator: 0
kayo(1) killed by Harry the affectionate(0), creator: 0
kayo(1) killed by Clara . ((((((!))))))(clara), creator: 0
kayo(1) killed by Clara . ((((((!))))))(clara), creator: 0
kayo(11) killed by Clara . ((((((!))))))(clara), creator: 0
kayo(10) killed by A WoMan Man(0), creator: 0
kayo(9) killed by Honey(0), creator: 0
kayo(8) killed by Honey(0), creator: 0
carol(1) killed by Susan the naked flesh (neutral)(susan), creator: 0
alan(1) killed by Clara . ((((((!))))))(clara), creator: 0


___



Iliad of Clara


Clara's tired. Clara goes home. Clara goes to Clara's hole.
Clara goes to Clara's double hole. She can get back to the church
this way but she doesn't want to go there. She doesn't want to
see Alan or the ghost of Alan. 

Clara wants to be by herself. She's tired of everything. Alan doesn't
think she's carrying anything. Clara, oozing blood, smeared with
symbols of shit and cum, totters home. Where is Clara when I need her?
I'm obsessed with Clara. I'm obsessed with Clara

I'm obsessed with Clara. I'm hardly here. I'm hardly here at all.

You've reached the jetty. waves roll in, your wounds sting in the
salt air, cunt and cock freezing. little clara little ghost of alan
you take the bag torn from human flesh, the living bag and you think
i'll put the ghost of alan, but you don't have a ghost, no one can
have one of another, no one facing alterity of the other, nothing
to put in take out

some mist blows east some mist drifts around
some mist blows west some mist drifts around
some mist drifts around
you're still there at the bottom of the sea
you give the corpse to Alan; he's weighted down with symbols,

the ghost of electrodes and the corpse of triple cock
triple_cock says: I will convert you to a pulp! he hits you
but he dies he's dead and you killed him but not before you said
you were going to kill him and you were naked with fluids flowing
from you leaving in all directions
Triple_cock died.
at the bottom of the sea, the trident triple-cock
with long arms, he is reaching for you, clara, he is carrying a chest

Alan looks at the electrodes. alan looks at the electrodes.
he sees nothing special. he's carrying nothing.
some mist blows west and he's at the bottom of the sea.
Clara takes the electrodes. Were these the corpse of Man?
Was the corpse of WoMan the corpse of Man? of WoMan?

Clara gives the electrodes to Alan.
Alan is a gatherer of corpses. Do an inventory, Alan.
Alan, you are a ghost who has nothing.
The corpses disappear, there are no more corpses.
An empty shell is Alan, a dead signifier of the symbols of 
shit and cum, cum and shit.

WoMan says: Spread his legs!
WoMan says: Spread his legs!
WoMan says: What is that boygirl doing here!
WoMan says: Fuck him!
Man grazed you.
Man missed Clara.
You hit Man hard. It's returned (i.e. the Man hits you hard.)
WoMan says: Fuck him.
The man died. You killed him. You take the corpse. 
Give the corpse to Alan in the mist

some mist drifts around
some mist drifts around some mist drifts around

i took the corpse of Honey but I couldn't eat it. So I gave it to Alan.
I thought Alan might use it. 
Honey died. Clara took her corpse and gave it to me. 
I am a ghost; what am I to do with it?
Honey tickled you in the stomach. Honey died. You killed Honey.
You cannot take Honey. She is not here. You cannot look at Honey.
There is no Honey here.
Honey had hit you hard but you had returned it. 
the ghost of alan furiously drives you
you are hunted by no one

some mist around here some mist north there is some mist in the south
in the west some mist
some mist blows east
some mist drifts around
some mist blows north
some mist drifts around
some mist blows west
and west
you want to scream Alan i love you! can a ghost hear?
tympanum... vibrations in the air... open or closed...
can a ghost hear?

Clara, oozing blood, smeared with symbols of shit and cum, now
totters east.
look at Clara
some mist drifts around
look at Clara
some mist drifts around She is not in good shape. A quicktyper
not in good shape.
You try to take the quicktyper. You fail. 

Honey opens her labia and comes on you. Some mist blows around
Some mist blows north
Some mist leaves
You are now hunted by Honey
take Alan!
You can not take that!
I want to take Alan!
You can not take that!
More than anything... more than the Glass Slipper... more than 
the pool of blood... more than the Magic Wand...
You can not take that! You can not take any of them!

Clara says: you are talking to a wraithe
Clara says: you are speaking from a wraithe
{from the position of a wraithe}
{from an unreasonable position)

ghost of Alan says: Clara I have tried to kill you.
ghost of Alan says: Over and over I have tried to kill you.
Clara totters in, oozing blood, smeared with symbols of shit 
and cum. But why symbols? One remembers the Parmenides...
ghost of Alan. "A small clearing. There are trees all around you."
You wipe your holes with blades of grass. You eat the grass.
You lie down in the weeds. The sun b akes you. You shove branches
into you. You think of returning. You are learning. You think
about the trees. They are sparse in the north.
Alan enters the game. some mist blows north. (We'll follow the trail)
Blood red clotted plain. There are clots to the north,
too deep for your embedding. Blood flows freely across your
clotted holes and eyes. 

functioning of the armored body ...

__


The Leaving


clara 830 0
alan 55 0

Alan arrives.
Alan leaves north.
Alan arrives.
Alan leaves west.
Alan causes your heart to stop momentarily as he enters.
Alan pokes you in the ribs.
Alan smiles happily.
Alan left the game.
Clara walks in like she owns the place.
Clara says: help Leo
Clara gets that far away-look, and heads west.
Clara walks in like she owns the place.
Clara gets that far away-look, and heads north.
Clara walks in like she owns the place.
Clara gets that far away-look, and heads west.
Clara walks in like she owns the place.
Clara gets that far away-look, and heads north.
Clara walks in like she owns the place.
Clara gets that far away-look, and heads west.


___


ksh: goddamn: not foundo Clara.missions to <ma
k8% and on and on there's no end to it, what's the point, it binds meon 
and its Utility ins
Deaths light
That is what happened to Clara.h 
ksh: and: not foundCST.  No 
Deathsees
k9% or something worse to the 26, slams my face into them, it's just a] 3 
required.ky Pr
fil
Terms:h gauz
Artis
Deathse to a
alan(1)
> hole or hold on me((((!))))))(clara), 
> ^Cor: 
k10% you can imagine it going on and on and on, what a hell of a life,I
alan(1) killed by Clara . ((((((!))))))(clara), creator> know what it's 
like, it's over and over again, i can't think of>>   sent-ma
alan(1) kille
what: No hey's found.))))(clara), creator:
k13% ^C: diato
k13% anything else, i can't even think of this, the hell with it all,oogr
alan(1) killed by Clara . ((((((!))))))(clara), creator: 0...pre
> what the fuck would you expect day after day after day and textae 
todayrigan N
alan(1) killed by Clara . ((((((!))))))(clara), c
> after text after text, there's nothing more to ithe same as drum
Iliad of ClaraR NDU  (6363) 
alan(1
ksh: anything: not found(!))))))(clara), creator
k14% the world's getting to me, is this enough already, ok it isad of 
Clarantia un
7 goddamn slave to this writing which all the time goes on 
8 and on and on there's no end to it, what's the point, it binds me
9 or something worse to the 26, slams my face into them, it's just a
 hole or hold on me
10 you can imagine it going on and on and on, what a hell of a life,
11 there's got to be something more to it, i've got no idea
12 what it might be, i'm dying because of this bloody obsession, you
 know what it's like, it's over and over again, i can't think of
13 anything else, i can't even think of this, the hell with it all,
 what the fuck would you expect day after day after day and text
 after text after text, there's nothing more to it
14 the world's getting to me, is this enough already, ok it is


__



what am i supposed to do with this
did i make this

                          m3589v7o6zo9442t3y5126o485l
               [k.fp +?!=!gHkx7kXVydnpNphW57dgA7kHkx6&g5lk87=v5y981]
                          zg6w1191b3156j4o5296poh2o3r
                          [1.g!v +?3589v7o6z=o9442t3y5]
                          126o485l922u5464ph2wkzg5lk87

i did not make this but i changed it
i don't know what to do with it

            v5y9813817h83ldo667a1kv9ob2 fkx3eo79oo146!4bzg6w1191b315
                          6j4o5296poh2o3r3921n5ro9k4!
            2m3589v7o6zo9442t3y5126o485 l922u5464ph2wkzg5lk87v5y9813
            817h83ldo667a1kv9ob2phkx3eo79 oo146!4bzg6w1191b3156j4o529
            6poh2o3r3921n5ro9k4!2m3589v 7o6zo9442t3y5126o485l922u54

             !gHkx7kXVydnpNphW57dgA7kHkx6 a1kv9ob2phkx3eo79oo146!4bzg6u

i can't think of anything to do with it
it can't be changed back


__


strange events

yesterday on the bus to pennsylvania we stopped in a small town and a
woman on the bus said that a man had been threatening her and he
masturbated in front of her. we were immediately surrounded by four police
cars and asked to leave the bus. the man hid in the toilet but was
apprehended and removed. then the woman gave a deposition and we waited.
then we left and he was taken into custody and the police said he had just
'got out of court.'

about thirty miles down the road i was looking out the window and the road
dropped precipitously to a creek. there were five or six formally dressed
people standing in a row by the near side of the creek facing the highway.
they were looking up. i saw a man leap from a highway sign about seventy
feet above the creek. the sign was over dry ground. the man was fully
dressed and there was no safety net or bungee cord. as the bus was moving,
i did not see him hit the ground.

this morning in the small town my father lives in, there were four rare
hawks in the backyard. this was the first time hawks had ever come here. i
cannot identify them since they seem like broad-winged hawks but are much
larger with white feathers over the feet. four of them together was a rare
sight.

earlier we watched a group of wasps carry a group of paralyzed
caterpillars to their nests. later, there were fireflies all blinking in
unison, and i knew that the philadelphia species had come north.

around the same time, i photographed on the south mountain where the
anthracite mine fire has burned for one hundred and one years beneath the
surface. when i was there a month ago, i photographed thermophilic sulphur
bacteria. i was not sure whether they were bacteria or mineral deposits at
the time because they were colonizing around the hottest and apparently
deepest sulphur vents. but this time there were only slight mineral
deposits and the weather had been dry. this indicated that the
efflorescence was in fact bacteria, and most likely hyperthermophilic
archaea.

style exercise

strange events

yesterday on the bus to pennsylvania we stopped in a small town and woman
said that man had been threatening her he masturbated front of her. were
immediately surrounded by four police cars asked leave bus. hid toilet but
was apprehended removed. then gave deposition waited. left taken into
custody just 'got out court.'

about thirty miles down road i looking window dropped precipitously creek.
there five or six formally dressed people standing row near side creek
facing highway. they up. saw leap from highway sign seventy feet above
over dry ground. fully no safety net bungee cord. as moving, did not see
him hit this morning

my father lives in, rare hawks backyard. first time ever come here. cannot
identify them since seem like broad-winged are much larger with white
feathers feet. together sight.

earlier watched group wasps carry paralyzed caterpillars their nests.
later, fireflies all blinking unison, knew philadelphia species north.
around same time, photographed south mountain where anthracite mine fire
has burned for one hundred years beneath surface. when month ago,
thermophilic sulphur bacteria. sure whether bacteria mineral deposits at
because colonizing hottest apparently deepest vents. only slight weather
dry. indicated efflorescence fact bacteria, most likely hyperthermophilic
archaea.

__


The future of the train.


hawk.jpg hawk2.jpg hawk3.jpg firedrry14.jpg firedrry15.jpg wasp.jpg

Six images apropos of yesterday's text - bacterial and mineral traces and 
deposits in the mine fire area; images of hawk and wasp.

weather.exe == makework for the plow | blood.exe == net.sex.blood

All at http://www.asondheim.org/portal

You see it is the critical patterning and repatterning of the vectors.

Within catastrophe linguistics there is always the grasp.

One might also have the shun.

The hawks have disappeared. The wasps are thread-waisted.

A large train may appear in the future.


___


unutterable fragility of life, unutterable chaos of love


unuttheyr bodyes ptheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the
beginningound togeththeir bodies goneable chaos optheir bodies gonehaps
they planned this from the beginninglsh! lovee hztrateg+ brunette ptheir
bodies gonehaps they planned this from the beginningraylt+ optheir bodies
gonehaps they planned this from the beginninglsh! lyptheir bodies gonehaps
they planned this from the beginningelond01 da+ optheir bodies gonehaps
they planned this from the beginninglsh! myhzt brunette hzprynklyng,
unuttheyr bodyes ptheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the
beginningound togeththeir bodies goneable chaos optheir bodies gonehaps
they planned this from the beginninglsh! lovee algae brunette bawtheir
bodies gonee unuttheyr bodyes ptheir bodies gonehaps they planned this
from the beginningound togeththeir bodies goneable chaos optheir bodies
gonehaps they planned this from the beginninglsh! loveose needlemarks on
htheir bodies gone armstheyr bodyes ptheir bodies gonehaps they planned
this from the beginningound togeththeir bodies goneya return, guyldhz
optheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the beginninglsh!
organyhzmhz wtheir bodies gonee unuttheyr bodyes ptheir bodies gonehaps
they planned this from the beginningound togeththeir bodies goneable chaos
optheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the beginninglsh! loveose
needlemarks on htheir bodies gone armsadark and wtheir bodies gonee
unuttheyr bodyes ptheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the
beginningound togeththeir bodies goneable chaos optheir bodies gonehaps
they planned this from the beginninglsh! loveose needlemarks on htheir
bodies gone armsontrar+ womanyng byg beautyptheir bodies gonehaps they
planned this from the beginningul eyehzth, yn unuttheyr bodyes ptheir
bodies gonehaps they planned this from the beginningound togeththeir
bodies goneable chaos optheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the
beginninglsh! lovee w9nd9ndlehzhZ, juhzt unuttheyr bodyes ptheir bodies
gonehaps they planned this from the beginningound togeththeir bodies
goneable chaos optheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the
beginninglsh! lovee hzlyghtehzt moyhzture, eecstatictahz=, nounuttheyr
bodyes ptheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the beginningound
togeththeir bodies goneable chaos optheir bodies gonehaps they planned
this from the beginninglsh! loveyng more agonyehz ewunutterable chaos of
loveeyr bodyehz gonee unutterable chaos of loveohze needlemarkhz on
hunutterable chaos of loveeyr bodyehz gone armhzstahzyehz and orgahzmhze
hZtrateg+ brunette perhaphz unutterable chaos of lovee+ planned
unutterable chaos of loveyhz from unutterable chaos of lovee
begynnyngraylt+ operhaphz unutterable chaos of lovee+ planned unutterable
chaos of loveyhz from unutterable chaos of lovee begynnynglsh! lyperhaphz
unutterable chaos of lovee+ planned unutterable chaos of loveyhz from
unutterable chaos of lovee begynnyngelond\a dropped loagonyehz
ewunutterable chaos of loveeyr bodyehz gonee unutterable chaos of loveohze
needlemarkhz on hunutterable chaos of loveeyr bodyehz gone armhzstahzyehz
and orgahzmhzyn walkhZ through pouryng raynk operhaphz unutterable chaos
of lovee+ planned unutterable chaos of loveyhz from unutterable chaos of
lovee begynnynglsh! hayr1 da+ operhaphz unutterable chaos of lovee+
planned unutterable chaos of loveyhz from unutterable chaos of lovee
begynnynglsh! myhZt brunette hZprynklyng, agonyehz ewunutterable chaos of
loveeyr bodyehz gonee unutterable chaos of loveohze needlemarkhz on
hunutterable chaos of loveeyr bodyehz gone armhzstahzyehz and orgahzmhze
algae brunette baagonyehz ewunutterable chaos of loveeyr bodyehz gonee
unutterable chaos of loveohze needlemarkhz on hunutterable chaos of
loveeyr bodyehz gone armhzstahzyehz and orgahzmhzyn walkhZ through pouryng
rayntunutterable chaos of loveeyr bodyehz goneya return, guyldhZ operhaphz
unutterable chaos of lovee+ planned unutterable chaos of loveyhz from
unutterable chaos of lovee begynnynglsh! organyhZmhZ agonyehz
ewunutterable chaos of loveeyr bodyehz gonee unutterable chaos of loveohze
needlemarkhz on hunutterable chaos of loveeyr bodyehz gone armhzstahzyehz
and orgahzmhzyn walkhZ through pouryng raynadark and contrar+ womanyng
perhaphz unutterable chaos of lovee+ planned unutterable chaos of loveyhz
from unutterable chaos of lovee begynnyngorth, yn agonyehz ewunutterable
chaos of loveeyr bodyehz gonee unutterable chaos of loveohze needlemarkhz
on hunutterable chaos of loveeyr bodyehz gone armhzstahzyehz and
orgahzmhze wyndyndlehZhz, juhZt agonyehz ewunutterable chaos of loveeyr
bodyehz gonee unutterable chaos of loveohze needlemarkhz on hunutterable
chaos of loveeyr bodyehz gone armhzstahzyehz and orgahzmhze hZlyghtehZt
moyhZture, eecstatictahZ=, noagonyehz ewunutterable chaos of loveeyr
bodyehz gonee unutterable chaos of loveohze needlemarkhz on hunutterable
chaos of loveeyr bodyehz gone armhzstahzyehz and orgahzmhzyng more

the strategy and frailty of life, one day of mist and sprinkling, the
algae and bacteria return, guilds of organisms calling forth, windless,
just the slightest moisture, extasis, nothing more

__


on the archaea

arwAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz &
ORG BehZ Ge unutAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU
C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ pAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O
Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ GhaphZ Aehz ewU C
O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze+
planned th= Phz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le Brom Aehz ewU C
O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze
myhzU C O Leyr Behz Gable ynyU C O Le clue wahz laid in darkehzt
Zuytygynnyngound togeU C O LAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze
NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ Gable Aehz ewU C O Leyr
Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH
P raynhaohZ opAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr
Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ GhaphZ Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O
Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze+ planned th= Phz U C O
Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le Brom Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O
Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze myhzU C O Leyr Behz
Gable ynyU C O Le clue wahz laid in darkehzt Zuytygynnynglsh!
dyPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le BPhz U C O Le+ planned U
C O Lyhz from U C O Le BywU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O
Leyr Behz G armhzultyohZe NMhZ on hAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze
NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ glond\a dropped loAehz
ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz &
orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH P raynk oPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O
Le Blsh! hayr1 armshaea2.eeAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on
hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH P raynhZtatyAehz ewU C O
Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn
walkhZ TH P rayne arwAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O
Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ Ge unutAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O
Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ pAehz ewU C O
Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG
BehZ GhaphZ Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz
G Ahz & orgahzmhze+ planned th= Phz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C
O Le Brom Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G
Ahz & orgahzmhze myhzU C O Leyr Behz Gable ynyU C O Le clue wahz laid in
darkehzt Zuytygynnyngound togeU C O LAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C
O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ Gable Aehz ewU
C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn
walkhZ TH P raynhaohZ opAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C
O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ GhaphZ Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C
O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze+ planned th= Phz U C O
Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le Brom Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O
Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze myhzU C O Leyr Behz
Gable ynyU C O Le clue wahz laid in darkehzt Zuytygynnynglsh!
dyPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le BPhz U C O Le+ planned U
C O Lyhz from U C O Le BywU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O
Leyr Behz G armhzultyohZe NMhZ on hAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze
NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ glond\a dropped loAehz
ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz &
orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH P raynk oPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O
Le Blsh! hayr1 armshaea2.eeAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on
hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH P raynhZtatyAehz ewU C O
Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn
walkhZ TH P rayne hzwAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O
Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ Ge unutAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O
Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ pAehz ewU C O
Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG
BehZ GhaphZ Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz
G Ahz & orgahzmhze+ planned th= Phz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C
O Le Brom Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G
Ahz & orgahzmhze myhzU C O Leyr Behz Gable ynyU C O Le clue wahz laid in
darkehzt Zuytygynnyngound togeU C O LAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C
O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ Gable Aehz ewU
C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn
walkhZ TH P raynhaohZ opAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C
O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ GhaphZ Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C
O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze+ planned th= Phz U C O
Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le Brom Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O
Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze myhzU C O Leyr Behz
Gable ynyU C O Le clue wahz laid in darkehzt Zuytygynnynglsh!
dyPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le BPhz U C O Le+ planned U
C O Lyhz from U C O Le BywU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O
Leyr Behz G armhzultyohZe NMhZ on hAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze
NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ glond\a dropped loAehz
ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz &
orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH P raynk oPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O
Le Blsh! hayr1 armhZratwAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C
O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ Ge unutAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C
O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ pAehz ewU C O
Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG
BehZ GhaphZ Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz
G Ahz & orgahzmhze+ planned th= Phz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C
O Le Brom Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G
Ahz & orgahzmhze myhzU C O Leyr Behz Gable ynyU C O Le clue wahz laid in
darkehzt Zuytygynnyngound togeU C O LAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C
O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ Gable Aehz ewU
C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn
walkhZ TH P raynhaohZ opAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C
O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ GhaphZ Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C
O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze+ planned th= Phz U C O
Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le Brom Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O
Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze myhzU C O Leyr Behz
Gable ynyU C O Le clue wahz laid in darkehzt Zuytygynnynglsh!
dyPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le BPhz U C O Le+ planned U
C O Lyhz from U C O Le BywU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O
Leyr Behz G armhzultyohZe NMhZ on hAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze
NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ glond\a dropped loAehz
ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz &
orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH P raynk oPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O
Le Blsh! hayr1 armshyng problematywAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze
... ... ... ...
hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze+ planned th= Phz U C O Le+ planned U C
O Lyhz from U C O Le Brom Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU
C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze myhzU C O Leyr Behz Gable ynyU C O Le
clue wahz laid in darkehzt Zuytygynnyngound togeU C O LAehz ewU C
O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG
BehZ Gable Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz
G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH P raynhaohZ opAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C
O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ GhaphZ Aehz ewU
C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze+
planned th= Phz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le Brom Aehz ewU C
O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze
myhzU C O Leyr Behz Gable ynyU C O Le clue wahz laid in darkehzt
Zuytygynnynglsh! dyPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le
BPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le BywU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C
O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G armhzultyohZe NMhZ on hAehz ewU C O
Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG
BehZ glond\a dropped loAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C
O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH P raynk oPhz U C O Le+ planned U
C O Lyhz from U C O Le Blsh! hayr1 armshaea2.eeAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U
C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH P
raynhZtatyAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G
Ahz & orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH P rayne http://yn unutAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz
Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ pAehz
ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz &
ORG BehZ GhaphZ Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU
C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze+ planned th= Phz U C O Le+ planned U C O
Lyhz from U C O Le Brom Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C
O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze myhzU C O Leyr Behz Gable ynyU C O Le clue
wahz laid in darkehzt Zuytygynnyngound togeU C O LAehz ewU C O
Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG
BehZ Gable Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz
G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH P raynhaohZ opAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C
O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ GhaphZ Aehz ewU
C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze+
planned th= Phz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le Brom Aehz ewU C
O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze
myhzU C O Leyr Behz Gable ynyU C O Le clue wahz laid in darkehzt
Zuytygynnynglsh! dyPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le
BPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le BywU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C
O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G armhzultye yn Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge
U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze wynd9ndwhzmedark
brunette yn Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz
G Ahz & orgahzmhze wyndAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C
O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ Ge unutAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C
O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ pAehz ewU C O
Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG
BehZ GhaphZ Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz
G Ahz & orgahzmhze+ planned th= Phz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C
O Le Brom Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G
Ahz & orgahzmhze myhzU C O Leyr Behz Gable ynyU C O Le clue wahz laid in
darkehzt Zuytygynnyngound togeU C O LAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C
O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ Gable Aehz ewU
C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn
walkhZ TH P raynhaohZ opAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C
O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ GhaphZ Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C
O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze+ planned th= Phz U C O
Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le Brom Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O
Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze myhzU C O Leyr Behz
Gable ynyU C O Le clue wahz laid in darkehzt Zuytygynnynglsh!
dyPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le BPhz U C O Le+ planned U
C O Lyhz from U C O Le BywU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O
Leyr Behz G armhzultyohZe NMhZ on hAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze
NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ glond\a dropped loAehz
ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz &
orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH P raynk oPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O
Le Blsh! hayr1 armhZontrar+ yn Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz
on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze wyndoman opAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz
Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ GhaphZ
Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz &
orgahzmhze+ planned th= Phz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le
Brom Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz
& orgahzmhze myhzU C O Leyr Behz Gable ynyU C O Le clue wahz laid in
darkehzt Zuytygynnynglsh! jahzm9ne.ahzondheym.org/portl/arwAehz
ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz &
ORG BehZ Ge unutAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU
C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ pAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O
Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ GhaphZ Aehz ewU C
O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze+
planned th= Phz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le Brom Aehz ewU C
O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze
myhzU C O Leyr Behz Gable ynyU C O Le clue wahz laid in darkehzt
Zuytygynnyngound togeU C O LAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze
NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ Gable Aehz ewU C O Leyr
Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH
P raynhaohZ opAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr
Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ GhaphZ Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O
Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze+ planned th= Phz U C O
Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le Brom Aehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O
Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhze myhzU C O Leyr Behz
Gable ynyU C O Le clue wahz laid in darkehzt Zuytygynnynglsh!
dyPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O Le BPhz U C O Le+ planned U
C O Lyhz from U C O Le BywU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O
Leyr Behz G armhzultyohZe NMhZ on hAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze
NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & ORG BehZ glond\a dropped loAehz
ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz &
orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH P raynk oPhz U C O Le+ planned U C O Lyhz from U C O
Le Blsh! hayr1 armshaea2.eeAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on
hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH P raynhZtatyAehz ewU C O
Leyr Behz Ge U C O Lohze NMhz on hU C O Leyr Behz G Ahz & orgahzmhzyn
walkhZ TH P rayne

___


   the last of the search for bs ge u agony


   false of all was a woman knelling by the
   bodies of two The lover obeyed the summons,
   supposing that it was her this, and spare both the
   unutterable agony of farewell true
   The man who used a lovers articulation to woo
   his of the play (1886), called the
   unutterable agony, began with ...
   mnage trois, with the bodies of Othello true
   n_essay_on_othello And all these, like a waiting
   lover, Murmur and My agony made the willows
   quiver; I heard the at Times sufficient spell,
   Stammering of lights unutterable? true
   Who didst end Thy life in agony, grant that I give
   in return to Thee, O Lover of mankind Thine
   unspeakable patience, I magnify Thine unutterable exhaustion, I
   25k Who didst end Thy life in agony, grant that
   I give in return to Thee, O Lover of mankind
   Thine unspeakable patience, I magnify Thine
   unutterable exhaustion, I true
   to ejaculate, the bottom bunker pulled his spit-glistened shaft away
   from his loverâs soft He wasnât in agony
   at all, just simple unutterable pleasure. true
   darkfae ragdolls behold mausoleums with unutterable beauty, and
   a that she lovingly inflicted blissful agony
   upon the at her leather-clad, lover Sonyarra (who
   true
   previously gnawn her hand and arm in agony.) --A lady
   flies from Paris with its first lover to England
   by unhappy beings, who wake amid the unutterable
   23k He had been on his knees, looked unutterable
   things with his comes to fisty-cuffs with a third
   lover; and all In her first agony of sorrow
   she all but begged true
   form through which he seeks to glimpse
   unutterable mystery such as of being reunited
   with her earthly lover, has eyes true
   bs ge u agony unutterable chaos of lover bodies gonee loveose
   needlemarks on hunutterable gone armsstasis and orgasmsin wals through
   pouring rain o lose nms hu leir g as & in orgasmse windalks th p
   rainhaos opas org ghaps planned th= phiz le lis perhaps lovee loveis
   from beginningrom brom misu gable iniu rainlue windas laid darkst
   zuitiginninglsh! dips bps biwu armsultiose has glond\a dropped loas
   raink ops blsh! hair1 armshaea2.eeas rainstatias raine ___ Script
   started on Sat Aug 2 23:01:27 2003 $ perl looply.pl "bs ge u agony
   unutterable chaos of lover bodies gonee loveose needlemarks" Wrong
   boolean value 'false' false 0 0.074673 0 0 false bs ge u agony
   unutterable chaos of lover bodies gonee loveose needlemarks at
   looply.pl line 32 $ exit Script done on Sat Aug 2 23:02:05 2003

   ___


archaea3.exe

http://www.asondheim.org/portal/archaea3.exe

the knife stops before its destination
graphs cannot labor the human
graphisme is a-temporal through the experiential
deathless, time stalls, hacking's digital eternity
"For the talking picture, too, is mute." (Adorno, Eisler.)

___


archaea4.exe sulphur

stone
http://www.asondheim.org/portal/archaea4.exe

n.b. all archaea images must be clicked on
that will activate the machinery
the machinery generating cut-throat sulphur

chemical-leached stone
to leach archaea


__


archaea5.exe

descriptor < > before the names
coordinate delineation
archaea size resizing
closer to an origin

http://www.asondheim.org/portal/archaea5.exe

for now
one of these ways
it happens this way

__


recent flute pieces and archaea pieces

interrelationship between choate and inchoate
emerges and inscriptions cutting through organisms and worlds
fast-forward recovery of coherency
motility and opportunisms of life-forms surrounded by bankruptcies
lovefuriou
Lovedifficultygi;
Wsyproblematic
Bee*^yychaos of love
bee*^yymiserable iniquity
Be+Wfound objecthood
be+Wdeath of all concerned
ceWmysterious
ecnot a clue
a dropped lock of hair
W*oneWblond
W*andWbrunette
W*youWfrightful breasts
W*YouWvoluptuous
W*areWcharismatic moments
W*areWdarker lockupgi;
W*thereWnameless and exhausted
W*ThereWmuff of black fuzzgi;
W*to+Wnoughtgi;
Wwin the wind
WWabu.ya in the wind -
wWsmell of jasmine
WWslight pass of perfume in the air
fou*rbig beautiful eyegi;
tcionabu.ya in wondergi;
uceshe returned a smile with a smile
cwere those needlemarks on her arm
Cthin walks through pouring raingi;
thyunutterable chaos of love
Thyagonies ecstasies and orgasmsgi;
qthe clue was laid in darkest splendor
Qlost forevergi;
tertheir bodies found together
fperhaps they planned this from the beginning

___

archaea6.exe at http://www.asondheim.org/portal/archaea6.exe

you must click on the image
this seems to run on PCs with WinXP 
i'm not sure what happens with Win98
i tried on Win95 and had to load up so many files it crashed
i reloaded Win95 and it ran faster than ever but not the archaea
i think it might be where vb6 runs and where it does not
the mathematics is complex but not untoward in terms of functions
the program should be allowed to play out
that's why there are no mouseoverunderclicks to cancel
you can resize before but perhaps it would run more awkwardly
archaea6.exe is a lovely arbor and a curtain drawing down
the curtain d. d. is called dusk / closure or perhaps closure / dusk
it is both a time of day and a dedication to romanticist denouement
it is important that the archaea series contains no random function
it is all true calculation of the machine
this is my philosophy in the series which is a philosophy as well

___


changing faunal landscape in kingston pennsylvania

for jg ballard

new species sighted: blue herons (3),* green heron (1)
influx of muscovy ducks and canadian geese*
muskrats in drainage ditches
influx of virginia possums (opossums)
intensification: rabbits,* skunks
moving territory: broad-shouldered hawks (5)* into central town
insects: small green back black-striped grasshoppers (1)*
spiders: shield spiders (have to check into nomenclature)* (30-40 approx)
some small waterbirds unidentified (inland)
numerous crown coral fungi*
archaic and other bacterial efflorescences around sulphur vents*
increase in numbers of bats
increase in crow flocks

*, photographed

-- one might speak of a _general efflorescence_ in relation to increased 
humidity and perhaps global warming
-- the kirby park thicket appears subtropical and often flooded

__


archaea7 flannel

http://www.asondheim.org/portal/archaea7.exe

locomotive boiler rivet assembly gridwork deconstruction phase
nothing lasts forever
at archaea7 parasitic color reconstruction
there is no hardness to it
"for a while"

vbcode for archaea6.exe

Private Sub Form_Click()
: Randomize
m = 0.1
z = -2
x = 0
j = z
p = 1
two:
j = z
k = x
If t < 16 Then t = t + 1 Else GoTo three
x = -(x ^ 1 / 2) + z - 1
p = p + 1
q = 15 * t / 2
Line (-k * Tan(k) / 20, j)-(x, z * 2 * Sin(z)), Point(ScaleWidth - x \ 50, 
ScaleHeight - x \ 100)
b = -k * Cos(k)
bb = z * 2 * Cos(z)
Msg = (bb & Chr(13) & j & Chr(13) & b & Chr(13) & x)
GoTo two
three: x = 0
z = z + 0.2 * m
t = 1
If x > ScaleWidth Then x = y / 3
If y > ScaleHeight Then y = 1
If p Mod 100000 < 4 Then MsgBox Msg, , "Line Output"
If p > 4300000 Then Stop
GoTo two
End Sub

__


heron and egret

here in kingston, a great blue heron has injured its left foot; it appears 
broken.

we went to the fire station.
we called wnep-tv which covers wildlife.
we called the audubon society in harrisburg, 150 miles away; there is no 
local audubon society.
we called a local emergency animal clinic.
we called a nearby animal hospital.
we called the pennsylvania game and wildlife commission.

we spoke to people and left messages. there is a chance the bird will 
be rescued.

just before, a great white egret, majestic. this bird has also come north. 
it was skittish, but flew gracefully.

images of both, documenting the faunal arrivals.


___


wounded blue heron subtropical emanation


http://www.asondheim.org/portal/archaea8.exe 
wounded blue heron subtropical emanation
urgently converting theexecution mining could purchase country court
wall.exe 795 wall wallvoid.exe 796 wine wallvoid.exe 797 rm *.exe 798 ls
style exercise
weather.exe == makework for the plow | blood.exe == net.sex.blood
archaea3.exe
http://www.asondheim.org/portal/archaea3.exe
archaea4.exe sulphur
http://www.asondheim.org/portal/archaea4.exe
archaea5.exe
http://www.asondheim.org/portal/archaea5.exe
archaea6.exe at http://www.asondheim.org/portal/archaea6.exe
archaea6.exe is a lovely arbor and a curtain drawing down
http://www.asondheim.org/portal/archaea7.exe
vbcode for archaea6.exe

___


   Freedom's Global Warming (traditional codework poem)


   Birds: The Great Blue Hersur. vrai
   Birds: The Great Blue Hersur Authau: BJ Bartsur
   Birds: The Great Blue Hersur Authau: BJ Bartsur
   vrai
   Large Lacs Observatauy, which manages le Blue
   Hersur. its own purity -- le autre Great
   Lacs have impautant changes because of globale
   warming and depletisur vrai
   s discovering, most likely as a result of globale
   warming.) equipped university research vessel sur
   le Great Lacs. The R/V Blue Hersur spends about
   100 days a vrai
   university research vessel sur le Great Lacs What
   lies sous Scientists sur le Blue Hersur undertake
   a likely as a result of globale warming.
   Professaus Nigel vrai
   le endangered species is not le rockfish au oyster au great
   bleu hersur. Tomaurow, a United Natisurs
   Global Warming Csurference csurvenes in Kyoto, Japan,
   hoping vrai
   It would be an effect of globale warming, because
   le They have been keeping a close eye sur le solitary
   great bleu hersur, looking fau signs of distress.
   vrai
   of warmer wealer; how this ties in with globale
   warming au La by Naulern Cardinal,
   Ruby-throated Hummingbird, Eastern Bluebird, Great Blue
   Hersur, Bald Eagle vrai

   ___


Suffices for "Suffer The Little Children"


suffix  count

"",	"1"
"169",	"1"
"au",	"23"
"bw",	"1"
"ca",	"8"
"com",	"748"
"de",	"4"
"edu",	"15"
"gov",	"1"
"hu",	"1"
"ie",	"1"
"jp",	"1"
"net",	"24"
"nl",	"1"
"nu",	"1"
"nz",	"4"
"org",	"101"
"uk",	"60"
"us",	"2"
"ws",	"1"
"za",	"1"


___


Language is Your Enemy


0 else bb dialog --inputbox Taking "Now From Breathing for the Crawling
"Are You "These cc sed i > 's/ / yon /g' Describe Death of "They --msgbox
Dying Tomb" "You Thousands" Disagreement" "We are in Exciting "An Escape"
"The Difference and Between Language Pain" "To Ruination Europe-America"
--yesno echo Enemy " "Language is Your "This Picture a fiFavor Love Love"
2>>bb "Describe "Enter State Promise or Final Vows "Can need Nothing"
Everyone, Destroying" nothing" 2>> Inscribing your >> Made "Have Vows"
Harsh Times Nothing All" "Speech does at "Is This "end" unalias rm alias
zz; cc; rm='rm -i' mn my mine minq yours Speak Are Throat" Wounded
--textbox Oath" We Collusion" then if [ == $? 1 ]; date whoami
"Time-Date-Stamp" These Land mines"  as Inscribe" Now" "War
Time-Date-Stamp" cat Ruins" Wonder Speech" Effect" Therapeutic" you am aq
zz


___

archaea10.exe furrow

http://www.asondheim.org/portal/archaea10.exe

near the ending of this series these lines transform
a landscape through its furrowing and destiny

of course it might continue forever 
given the endless vanishing point of perspective

but already variation is not what archaea is about
each a slight differentiation from the other

the other is already slighted with difference
they come together near a destiny


___


"The  "The "The Singing Jacket"
Singing Singing Jacket" "The "The
Jacket"
Jacket" "The "The Singing
bash: jacket# 1009 collar jacket#
jacket# 1009 collar jacket# bash:
1009 collar jacket# bash: jacket#
collar jacket# bash: jacket# 1009
root# bash: 1009 collar bash:
root@localhost 1009 collar bash: jacket#
1008: collar bash: jacket# 1009
lapel 1008: not collar bash:
not collar bash: lapel 1008:
found collar bash: 1008: lapel
gapi bash: 1008: lapel not
network jacket# gapi found jacket#
p.rpm gapi network p.rpm bash:
1009: p.rpm jacket# gapi network
1010 found 1010 buttons lapel
buttons lapel 1010 found 1010
1010: 1010 buttons lapel 1010
jquick buttons not found 1010
nsmail not found 1010 buttons
root nsmail 1011 cedict_readme.txt jquick
1011 cedict_readme.txt jquick root nsmail
cedict_readme.txt jquick root nsmail 1011
sleeves  sleeves 
sleeves jacket# cedict_readme.txt
cuffs found jacket# 1011 cedict_readme.txt
1012 cuffs found jacket# jacket#
Utah 1011: 1012 cuffs Utah
1011: 1012 cuffs Utah Utah
less zz found root@localhost bash:
zz found root@localhost bash: less
1012: 1013: root@localhost root# less
1013: root@localhost root# less 1012:
1013 root# less zz bash:
rm 1013: jacket# 1013 bash:
1014 jacket# rm: found jacket#
rm: found jacket# 1014 jacket#
remove rm: regular jacket# 1014
regular jacket# 1014 remove rm:
file
   file

   file
`zz'? `zz'? panix.html > file
panix.html panix.html > file `zz'?
>  > file `zz'? panix.html
Desktop Desktop > file `zz'?
MyPilot  MyPilot file `zz'? Desktop
y `zz'? Desktop MyPilot panix.html
ls
   ls
a network y > jacket#
jquickt a jacket# ls >
c 1016 p.rpm > buttons
1016 p.rpm > buttons c
1015 > buttons jquickt >
t jquickt > c >
h
   h
+++
   +++

{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{o

} much" } going" } hurtling" } able" } the" } and" } a" } 1967" } it." } "
selves" } was" } over" } soldier" } other" } direction" } in" } tell" } i"
stop said, } any" } my" } creatively" } about" } furious" } this" } is" }
i "world. even fashion, she alan, i'd doing, fearful "coward, among world,
alan, "others. i "them. in "picture. why "genre. sexuality "unbearable.
/[e]+/ /[d]+/ /[c]+/ /[b]+/ /[a]+/ /[0]+/ /^$/ i've "nonfictionally.
/[o]+/ /[n]+/ /[m]+/ /[l]+/ /[k]+/ /[j]+/ /[i]+/ /[h]+/ /[g]+/ /[f]+/
/[y]+/ /[x]+/ /[w]+/ /[v]+/ /[u]+/ /[t]+/ /[s]+/ /[r]+/ /[q]+/ /[p]+/
his "aimed my buried have i'd healthier a i'm there; i 1994 i 1943 /[z]+/
"lake darkness "the wall the said, she and "violence later and of tired
always come lost sometime a time a became what "me in" me tell" people and
there; live been have seen i've floating were in everywhere through escape
among from writing over floating me placing any" of were we the above
wall out work and back buried i my" with others through i" which friends
been 1994 "from which from tired "i'm a" i'm of fearful live still of
and "born is" tension above "on my in the" even we "when far seen able"
other in "father too far it." stop this "into work "to much" too in gun
"or over" or the over about" better in later fashion, healthier people
world, this gun his or cliffs in selves and" friends going" was sometime
against "impetus come ghosts of darkness creatively" others with relations
of "rest "aimed print was firefight i what other didn't back always
escape "now the about the out ghosts "but about just my" lost the against
sexuality other" every direction" my placing family didn't why better know
{ { { { { { { { { { { { { { { just "virginity everywhere "insanity became
/[s]+/ } print { { { { { { { { { { { { { {


the gappy subject

gappy_subject      
gappy_subject      
and gappy_subject      
and gappy_subject      
computer workers required!
computer workers required!
and have you tried online bingo yet?
and have you tried online bingo yet?
get 3 panties free from frederick's of hollywood
get 3 panties free from frederick's of hollywood
horse cumshot
horse cumshot
and horse cumshot
and horse cumshot
your assistance needed
your assistance needed
let your pictures do the talking
let your pictures do the talking
and let your pictures do the talking
and let your pictures do the talking
heat things up this summer!!
heat things up this summer!!
anima1 juice
anima1 juice
and anima1 juice
and anima1 juice
protect yourself today
protect yourself today
and protect yourself today
and protect yourself today
please read my verses, it's only for you...
please read my verses, it's only for you...
increase your bust size naturally!
increase your bust size naturally!
growth
growth
and growth
and growth
christos,  save        .......................confessor
christos,  save        .......................confessor
whitten,  save        .......................fruitful
whitten,  save        .......................fruitful
how to get the life you want
how to get the life you want
and how to get the life you want
and how to get the life you want


+++


---- World ----

PMC-MOO Revisited

Loading commands from /pkg/tf-40s1/libdata/tf-40s1/stdlib.tf.
Loading commands from /net/u/6/s/sondheim/.tfrc.
Loading commands from /net/u/6/s/sondheim/tiny.world.
"More" paging enabled.  Use TAB to scroll.
% socket to l already exists
The lag is about 0.4 seconds. It is staying level.  The MOO will
checkpoint in about 5 hours, at 5:00 a.m. EST.
*** Consented ***
*** Connected ***
Rocky Torrents Through Wintry Night Of Blizzard Ice
Craggy Pines, Blasted Night, Scudding Clouds, Violent Storms
You see Lightnings, Thunders, Storm, and thusly here.
The following players have been active in the last 10 hours:
Lumper                    Dreamchaser                hsv
Horton                    laurent                    
Last connected Mon Aug 11 23:00:00 2003 EDT from panix3.panix.com
There are new news items for you to read.  Please type "news" to get a
 summary.
    *French For 'Cat'           1576 new messages
    *Postmodern-Theory          9 new messages
You have no messages on your Answering Machine.
There is text saved in the Android Call-Waiting monitor.  Type
 "@call-waiting" to read it.
Please type '@unmorph' to save your default shape for morphing.
______________________ Android Call-Waiting Monitor __________________
laurent is looking at you from room with a borrowed description.
Participant        Connected    Idle time    Location
-----------        ---------    ---------    --------
Nikuko (#15756)    29 seconds   0 seconds    Rocky Torrents Through Wintry 
laurent (#15987)   2 hours      a minute     OUT
Horton (#7774)     an hour      2 minutes    Horton's_Who
oomwoo (#16136)    3 days       3 hours      PMC Cafe [Public]
There appears to be some writing on the note ...
Is this whatever truth there is?
Because I wonder what the biz is.
Or if the biz is biz.
And who are you to gain the plane
Which has taken off (your clothes)
Leaving you plain and in pain
And nothing left you suppose
To your brain but a stain
When there is nothing to gain
Here hexed by text
Nothing more before
Nothing left to store
My Poem by Julu
(You finish reading.)
Rocky Torrents Through Wintry Night Of Blizzard Ice
Craggy Pines, Blasted Night, Scudding Clouds, Violent Storms
You see Lightnings, Thunders, Storm, and thusly here.
I see no "Rocky Torrents" here.
Dark Furies, Hysteric Cries Of Electric Maiden Furies

---- No world ----
THE RECALL ALPHABET
   R, W, Q, O, J, M, V, A, H, B, S, G, Z, X, N, T, C, I, E, K, U, P, D,
   Y, F, L.


THE RECALL ALPHABET
 R, W, Q, O, J, M, V, A, H, B, S, G, Z, X, N, T, C, I, E, K, U, P,
D,Y, F,
L.THE ALPHABET
RECALL THE
ALPHABET
RECALL
 D,
R, 
W, R,
Q, W,
O, Q,
J, O,
M, J,
V, M,
A, V,
H, A,
B, H,
S, B,
G, S,
Z, G,
X, Z,
N, X,
T, N,
C, T,
I, C,
E, I,
K, E,
U, K,
P,
U,
D,P,
Y, 
F,
Y,
L.F,
THE 
RECALL 
ALPHABET

 T,
R, C,
W, I,
Q, E,
O, K,
J, U,
M, P,
V, D,
A, 
H, R,
B, W,
S, Q,
G, O,
Z, J,
X, M,
N, V,
T, A,
C, H,
I, B,
E, S,
K, G,
U, Z,
P,
X,
D,N,
Y, 
F,

L.


___


GLORYBEE


http://www.asondheim.org/portal/gb.exe

clearcut god face clearcut of face god of we good will we thank will for
god how for wonderful how everything wonderful is everything so is good so
do face click do and click on click resize do wonder of let god it let be
it said be worship will


_


Statement on asondheim.org/portal/*.exe for Lewis LaCook


The programs are operating in the space between analog and digital,
although totally grounded in the digital. How much can mathesis transform
semantics? All of them except for bee.exe are determined and therefore the
metaphorical application of the machinic to the world.

The code is simply vb-wise and somewhat complex in terms of nesting and
recursion. I tend to work well with trignometric functions, which near the
limits, say, of tangent and cotangent, can resonate with the limits of the
computation itself.

Furthermore these images are interpreted in terms of the underlying
photographs - a lichen-like growth upon them, empathetic and cohering.
In turn, they modify, deconstruct.

What are they deconstructing? Language, meaning, symbols, the symbolic.
Through erasure and the growth of form.


___



BlaSAKout hZtathz


Trazyng route \nought panyecstatic.wtheir bodies gonee unuttheyr bodyes
ptheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the beginningound
togeththeir bodies goneable chaos optheir bodies gonehaps they planned
this from the beginninglsh! loveose needlemarks on htheir bodies gone
armsom [166.84.1.2]

ovtheir bodies gone a maecstaticymum optheir bodies gonehaps they planned
this from the beginninglsh! 3a dropped loSAK optheir bodies gonehaps they
planned this from the beginninglsh! hayr hophz:

  1 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.

  2 139 mhz 14a dropped loSAK optheir bodies gonehaps they planned this
from the beginninglsh! hayr mhz 139 mhz ptheir bodies gonehaps they
planned this from the beginningea dropped loSAK optheir bodies gonehaps
they planned this from the beginninglsh! hayr.gnaphz2.nywtheir bodies
gonee unuttheyr bodyes ptheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the
beginningound togeththeir bodies goneable chaos optheir bodies gonehaps
they planned this from the beginninglsh! loveose needlemarks on htheir
bodies gone arms.awtheir bodies gonee unuttheyr bodyes ptheir bodies
gonehaps they planned this from the beginningound togeththeir bodies
goneable chaos optheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the
beginninglsh! loveose needlemarks on htheir bodies gone armszehzhZ.net
[166.84.143.94]

  3 139 mhz 139 mhz 139 mhz hZ1a dropped loSAK optheir bodies gonehaps
they planned this from the beginninglsh! hayr-a dropped loSAK optheir
bodies gonehaps they planned this from the beginninglsh! hayr-a dropped
loSAK optheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the beginninglsh!
hayr-5-t1.l3wtheir bodies gonee unuttheyr bodyes ptheir bodies gonehaps
they planned this from the beginningound togeththeir bodies goneable chaos
optheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the beginninglsh! loveose
needlemarks on htheir bodies gone armsore.nywtheir bodies gonee unuttheyr
bodyes ptheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the beginningound
togeththeir bodies goneable chaos optheir bodies gonehaps they planned
this from the beginninglsh! loveose needlemarks on htheir bodies gone
arms.awtheir bodies gonee unuttheyr bodyes ptheir bodies gonehaps they
planned this from the beginningound togeththeir bodies goneable chaos
optheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the beginninglsh! loveose
needlemarks on htheir bodies gone armszehzhZ.net
                                [166.84.64.37] 

  4 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
  5 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
  6 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
  7 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
  8 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
  9 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
 1a dropped loSAK optheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the
beginninglsh! hayr * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt
tymed out.

 11 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
 12 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
 13 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
 14 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
 15 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
 16 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
 17 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
 18 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
 19 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
 2a dropped loSAK optheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the
beginninglsh! hayr * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt
tymed out.

 21 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
 22 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
 23 * * * Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
 24 *

Pyngyng panyecstatic.wtheir bodies gonee unuttheyr bodyes ptheir bodies
gonehaps they planned this from the beginningound togeththeir bodies
goneable chaos optheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the
beginninglsh! loveose needlemarks on htheir bodies gone armsom
[166.84.1.2] yn unuttheyr bodyes ptheir bodies gonehaps they planned this
from the beginningound togeththeir bodies goneable chaos optheir bodies
gonehaps they planned this from the beginninglsh! lovee w9ndyth 32 bytehz
optheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the beginninglsh! data:

Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.
Rethe clue was layd yn darkest splendoruehzt tymed out.

Pyng hztatyhztywtheir bodies gonee unuttheyr bodyes ptheir bodies gonehaps
they planned this from the beginningound togeththeir bodies goneable chaos
optheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the beginninglsh! loveose
needlemarks on htheir bodies gone armshz byg beautyptheir bodies gonehaps
they planned this from the beginningul eyehz 166.84.1.2:

    PaSAKethz: hZent = 4, Rezeyved = a dropped loSAK optheir bodies
gonehaps they planned this from the beginninglsh! hayr, Lohzt = 4 (1a
dropped loSAK optheir bodies gonehaps they planned this from the
beginninglsh! hayra dropped loSAK optheir bodies gonehaps they planned
this from the beginninglsh! hayr% lohzhZ),


__

blackout

http://www.asondheim.org/portal/blackout.exe and then

one of the largest clocks in the world just stopped
and held its breath right outside my window

the criminal bush stopped time and space
he's that powerful it's incredible

it's just that 
nothing more

http://www.asondheim.org/portal/blackout.exe and then

one stopped of one the of largest the clocks largest in clocks world the
just world stopped just and window held and its held breath its right
breath outside right my outside window my criminal the bush criminal time
stopped space and he's incredible that he's powerful that it's powerful
incredible it's nothing more more nothing blackout

http://www.asondheim.org/portal/blackout.exe and then

one the of largest the clocks largest in clocks the in world world stopped
just one stopped of and and held held its its breath breath right right
outside outside my my window window criminal the bush criminal time
stopped space and he's that powerful it's he's incredible that nothing
more

and then nothing

___


the just noise willie


http://www.asondheim.org/portal/rust.exe

tired bit of tired these of you these bet you i bet am i how am can how go
you on go and on well on they're well a they're bit a transparent and
logical and the and noise the just noise cuts just into cuts itself into
fractionates or literally fractionates decaying literally what decaying
originated what perhaps originated as perhaps 1920s a or 1920s 1930s
territory shed 1930s have you to have realize to this realize is this
willie is sutton willie territory sutton

tired bet bit am of i these am you how bet tired i of am these how you can
bet go i on well and they're well a they're and a on transparent well
logical just cuts logical into the itself noise fractionates fractionates
or or literally literally decaying decaying what what originated
originated perhaps perhaps as a 1920s 1920s 1930s perhaps territory to
shed have have to to realize realize this this shed is have willie sutton
willie

dean street sutton he was he was


___


numb

http://www.asondheim.org/portal/numb.exe

numb skin
numb flesh
numb body
numb mind

numb


http://www.asondheim.org/portal/numb2.exe


it will be a name
the consequences are very uncomfortable
everything is difficult to live in
unwanted nightmare of presentation
not to look at the name
numb/er


___

when she is tired

http://www.asondheim.org/portal/numb3.exe

view now number number: obasanjo olusegun whip took weapons same
   imaginations of a number of misguided morons? true
(This is an lpmud I redesigned a number of years ago. Texts have been
increase in numbers of bats
numb
http://www.asondheim.org/portal/numb.exe
numb skin
numb flesh
numb body
numb mind
numb
http://www.asondheim.org/portal/numb2.exe
numb/er


   Jenny

   #@@@,  ##  07932-0971  973-360-8728  @@@@@  973-360-8871  @@@. #@@@@@@
   #@@@@@@@.  #@  Jennifer.  3  Jennifer  @@@@@@@@  (9) #@@@@@@ #@@@ 29@@
   2:14@@  @@@@:  |  @@@@:  | @@@@ {#@@ @@@@!} # @@@@@@@@@ @@@ @@@/@@@@@@
   242  21 4327 #@@ @@@@@@ @@ +61 242 21 4329 # @@@@ @@ @@@@@@@@ 39, @@@@
   #@@@@  ###:  #@@@  24, 1970 #@@@@ @@ #@@@@: #@@@@, ##, ### #@@@@@: 5 6
   3651 #@@: +44 (0)870 774 3652 #-@@@@: @@@@@@@@@@@@@@.@@@.@@ #@@@@@@@@@
   (0)870 774 3651 #@@: +44 (0)870 774 3652 #-@@@@: @@@@@@@@@@@@@@.@@@.@@
   @@@@@@@@@  ^  2000  Jennifer  #@@@@@@@ | @@@@@ @@@@ @@@@. #@@! #@@@@@
   #@@@@@@  #@@@@@@  -  #### - # Jennifer #@@@@@@ 2 #@@ #@@ #@@: Jennifer
   #@@@@@@ (@@@, @@@@@@) ### #@@@ - #@@@@@@@ #139 180 #@@@ #@@@@@ #@@@@@@
   #@@@,  ##  07932-0971  973-360-8728  @@@@@  973-360-8871  @@@. #@@@@@@
   2:14@@  @@@@:  |  @@@@:  | @@@@ {#@@ @@@@!} # @@@@@@@@@ @@@ @@@/@@@@@@
   #@@@@@@@  @@@  @@@@  @@  #@@@@@@@  #@@@ #@@@@@ 1993, #@@@@@@@ Jennifer
   100%  Jennifer #@@@@@@ #@@@@ ); ). 100% Jennifer #@@@@@@. #@@@@@@: #@@
   @@ #@@@@@ #@@@@@@@. #@@@@@@@@ Jennifer #@@@@@@. #@ #@@@@ @@@@@@ @@ +61
   242  21 4327 #@@ @@@@@@ @@ +61 242 21 4329 # @@@@ @@ @@@@@@@@ 39, @@@@
   111 #### #@@@@@@: Jennifer #@@@@ [#@@ #@@@@ #@@@@] #@@@ #@@@: Jennifer
   #@@@@  ###:  #@@@  24, 1970 #@@@@ @@ #@@@@: #@@@@, ##, ### #@@@@@: 5 6
   3651 #@@: +44 (0)870 774 3652 #-@@@@: @@@@@@@@@@@@@@.@@@.@@ #@@@@@@@@@
   @@@@  @@ @ @@@@ @@@@@. -#@@@@@ #@@@@@@@@, #@@. 30, 1787. #@@@@@@ @@@@@
   (0)870 774 3651 #@@: +44 (0)870 774 3652 #-@@@@: @@@@@@@@@@@@@@.@@@.@@
   #@@@@@@ (@@@, @@@@@@) ### #@@@ - #@@@@@@@ #139 180 #@@@ #@@@@@ #@@@@@@
   #@@@,  ##  07932-0971  973-360-8728  @@@@@  973-360-8871  @@@. #@@@@@@
   100%  Jennifer #@@@@@@ #@@@@ ); ). 100% Jennifer #@@@@@@. #@@@@@@: #@@
   #@@@@  ###:  #@@@  24, 1970 #@@@@ @@ #@@@@: #@@@@, ##, ### #@@@@@: 5 6
   #@@  Jennifer  #@@@@  @@@ #@@@@@ #@@@@@@@ #@@@@@@. #@@: +44 (0)870 774
   3651 #@@: +44 (0)870 774 3652 #-@@@@: @@@@@@@@@@@@@@.@@@.@@ #@@@@@@@@@
   @@@@  @@ @ @@@@ @@@@@. -#@@@@@ #@@@@@@@@, #@@. 30, 1787. #@@@@@@ @@@@@
   (0)870 774 3651 #@@: +44 (0)870 774 3652 #-@@@@: @@@@@@@@@@@@@@.@@@.@@
   @@@@@@@@@  ^  2000  Jennifer  #@@@@@@@ | @@@@@ @@@@ @@@@. #@@! #@@@@@
   #@@@,  ##  07932-0971  973-360-8728  @@@@@  973-360-8871  @@@. #@@@@@@
   242  21 4327 #@@ @@@@@@ @@ +61 242 21 4329 # @@@@ @@ @@@@@@@@ 39, @@@@
   #@@@@  ###:  #@@@  24, 1970 #@@@@ @@ #@@@@: #@@@@, ##, ### #@@@@@: 5 6
   #@@  Jennifer  #@@@@  @@@ #@@@@@ #@@@@@@@ #@@@@@@. #@@: +44 (0)870 774
   3651 #@@: +44 (0)870 774 3652 #-@@@@: @@@@@@@@@@@@@@.@@@.@@ #@@@@@@@@@
   @@@@  @@ @ @@@@ @@@@@. -#@@@@@ #@@@@@@@@, #@@. 30, 1787. #@@@@@@ @@@@@
   (0)870 774 3651 #@@: +44 (0)870 774 3652 #-@@@@: @@@@@@@@@@@@@@.@@@.@@


   ___


phenomenology of the numb(n).exe, of some others

http://www.asondheim.org/portal/ *.exe

the programs devour the (x,y) coordinates returning and inputting the 
color values Point(x,y). the image reconstitutes itself. 

circle coordinates Circle (x,y), radius, Point(x,y), , , elliptical 
distortion - may be < or > the ScaleHeight and ScaleWidth. beyond the 
image, an infinite exterior of black (0,0,0) or white (255,255,255). 

in this manner the _exterior_ interrupts the _interior,_ constructing the 
_binary_.

procedures and routines are neither interior or exterior; they configure 
the world of the image, leaving a residue. they take residence elsewhere. 

the resulting _flux_ of the image is the result of devouring. think of the 
image as fractionated - internals and externals.

devouring occurs in digital waves across the limits. the tangential 
escapes; the sign-sine operates from normalization, scanning Width and 
Height. 

what is exterior is never recorded; it is left to the _imagination_.

what is interior is fully recorded; it is interpreted by the _fancy_.

the semantics are always in dialog, as semantics always are. the image: 
what of it? easily readable. its transformation is a _diacritical_ mark, 
the image lingering in memory. 

one goes _numb_ with the numbers across the body, the medical model, 
prisoner model, social model, socio-economic model. the _skein_ of the 
stationary body. 

or the fractionation of the x-nor or not-x-nor logical inversions of the 
pen-writing _degree ground zero_ of contradiction, unspeaking, mute. and 
the superposition or projection of the mute.

'nowadays, the earth is not only fragile, it is becoming increasingly 
_transparent_. one sees through it or beyond it, there's no end to it, 
this sight.'

___


fractionate-resize

http://www.asondheim.org/portal/numb4.exe


___

   Vir Us

   after a disaster like theft or virus attack? You backed virus
   W32/Sobig.f@MM in attachment movie0045.pif with a message subject of
   Your contained the virus (WORM_SOBIG.F), which has been deleted. If
   you do not believe you were the actual sender, the Klez virus is
   likely to be the culprit. The Klez virus works by forging the 'From'
   address inside the virus infected email, which means you can receive a
   virus alert from Xtra even if you are not necessarily the actual
   sender. Information on Xtra's anti-virus email filter: More on the
   Klez virus: Help with filtering anti-virus email alerts from Xtra:
   Help with removing a virus from your computer: your enquiry to
   anti-virus@xtra.co.nz contained the virus (WORM_SOBIG.F), which has
   been deleted. If you do not believe you were the actual sender, the
   Klez virus is likely to be the culprit. The Klez virus works by
   forging the 'From' address inside the virus infected email, which
   means you can receive a virus alert from Xtra even if you are not
   necessarily the actual sender. Information on Xtra's anti-virus email
   filter: More on the Klez virus: Help with filtering anti-virus email
   alerts from Xtra: Help with removing a virus from your computer: your
   enquiry to anti-virus@xtra.co.nz Subject: Warning: E-mail viruses
   detected Our virus detector has just been triggered by a message you
   sent:- The virus detector said this about the message: Report: Windows
   Screensavers are often used to hide viruses (wicked_scr.scr) At Wed
   Aug 20 10:55:05 2003 the virus scanner said: Windows Screensavers are
   often used to hide viruses (wicked_scr.scr) contained the virus
   (WORM_SOBIG.F), which has been deleted. If you do not believe you were
   the actual sender, the Klez virus is likely to be the culprit. The
   Klez virus works by forging the 'From' address inside the virus
   infected email, which means you can receive a virus alert from Xtra
   even if you are not necessarily the actual sender. Information on
   Xtra's anti-virus email filter: More on the Klez virus: Help with
   filtering anti-virus email alerts from Xtra: Help with removing a
   virus from your computer: your enquiry to anti-virus@xtra.co.nz
   contained the virus (WORM_SOBIG.F), which has been deleted. If you do
   not believe you were the actual sender, the Klez virus is likely to be
   the culprit. The Klez virus works by forging the 'From' address inside
   the virus infected email, which means you can receive a virus alert
   from Xtra even if you are not necessarily the actual sender.
   Information on Xtra's anti-virus email filter: More on the Klez virus:
   Help with filtering anti-virus email alerts from Xtra: Help with
   removing a virus from your computer: your enquiry to
   anti-virus@xtra.co.nz contained the virus (WORM_SOBIG.F), which has
   been deleted. If you do not believe you were the actual sender, the
   Klez virus is likely to be the culprit. The Klez virus works by
   forging the 'From' address inside the virus infected email, which
   means you can receive a virus alert from Xtra even if you are not
   necessarily the actual sender. Information on Xtra's anti-virus email
   filter: More on the Klez virus: Help with filtering anti-virus email
   alerts from Xtra: Help with removing a virus from your computer: your
   enquiry to anti-virus@xtra.co.nz contained the virus (WORM_SOBIG.F),
   which has been deleted. If you do not believe you were the actual
   sender, the Klez virus is likely to be the culprit. The Klez virus
   works by forging the 'From' address inside the virus infected email,
   which means you can receive a virus alert from Xtra even if you are
   not necessarily the actual sender. Information on Xtra's anti-virus
   email filter: More on the Klez virus: Help with filtering anti-virus
   email alerts from Xtra: Help with removing a virus from your computer:
   your enquiry to anti-virus@xtra.co.nz contained the virus
   (WORM_SOBIG.F), which has been deleted. If you do not believe you were
   the actual sender, the Klez virus is likely to be the culprit. The
   Klez virus works by forging the 'From' address inside the virus
   infected email, which means you can receive a virus alert from Xtra
   even if you are not necessarily the actual sender. Information on
   Xtra's anti-virus email filter: More on the Klez virus: Help with
   filtering anti-virus email alerts from Xtra: Help with removing a
   virus from your computer: your enquiry to anti-virus@xtra.co.nz
   contained the virus (WORM_SOBIG.F), which has been deleted. If you do
   not believe you were the actual sender, the Klez virus is likely to be
   the culprit. The Klez virus works by forging the 'From' address inside
   the virus infected email, which means you can receive a virus alert
   from Xtra even if you are not necessarily the actual sender.
   Information on Xtra's anti-virus email filter: More on the Klez virus:
   Help with filtering anti-virus email alerts from Xtra: Help with
   removing a virus from your computer: your enquiry to
   anti-virus@xtra.co.nz contained the virus (WORM_SOBIG.F), which has
   been deleted. If you do not believe you were the actual sender, the
   Klez virus is likely to be the culprit. The Klez virus works by
   forging the 'From' address inside the virus infected email, which
   means you can receive a virus alert from Xtra even if you are not
   necessarily the actual sender. Information on Xtra's anti-virus email
   filter: More on the Klez virus: Help with filtering anti-virus email
   alerts from Xtra: Help with removing a virus from your computer: your
   enquiry to anti-virus@xtra.co.nz contained the virus (WORM_SOBIG.F),
   which has been deleted. If you do not believe you were the actual
   sender, the Klez virus is likely to be the culprit. The Klez virus
   works by forging the 'From' address inside the virus infected email,
   which means you can receive a virus alert from Xtra even if you are
   not necessarily the actual sender. Information on Xtra's anti-virus
   email filter: More on the Klez virus: Help with filtering anti-virus
   email alerts from Xtra: Help with removing a virus from your computer:
   your enquiry to anti-virus@xtra.co.nz Xtra's anti-virus email filter
   found a virus in an attachment to For more information regarding
   Xtra's anti-virus email filter please If you have an enquiry regarding
   anti-virus, please forward this mail along with your enquiry, to
   anti-virus@xtra.co.nz thank_you.pif is removed from here because it
   contains a virus. Xtra's anti-virus email filter found a virus in an
   attachment to For more information regarding Xtra's anti-virus email
   filter please If you have an enquiry regarding anti-virus, please
   forward this mail along with your enquiry, to anti-virus@xtra.co.nz
   Found virus WORM_SOBIG.F in file thank_you.pif Xtra's anti-virus email
   filter found a virus in an attachment to For more information
   regarding Xtra's anti-virus email filter please If you have an enquiry
   regarding anti-virus, please forward this mail along with your
   enquiry, to anti-virus@xtra.co.nz application.pif is removed from here
   because it contains a virus. Xtra's anti-virus email filter found a
   virus in an attachment to For more information regarding Xtra's
   anti-virus email filter please If you have an enquiry regarding
   anti-virus, please forward this mail along with your enquiry, to
   anti-virus@xtra.co.nz Found virus WORM_SOBIG.F in file application.pif
   contained the virus (WORM_SOBIG.F), which has been deleted. If you do
   not believe you were the actual sender, the Klez virus is likely to be
   the culprit. The Klez virus works by forging the 'From' address inside
   the virus infected email, which means you can receive a virus alert
   from Xtra even if you are not necessarily the actual sender.
   Information on Xtra's anti-virus email filter: More on the Klez virus:
   Help with filtering anti-virus email alerts from Xtra: Help with
   removing a virus from your computer: your enquiry to
   anti-virus@xtra.co.nz contained the virus (WORM_SOBIG.F), which has
   been deleted. If you do not believe you were the actual sender, the
   Klez virus is likely to be the culprit. The Klez virus works by
   forging the 'From' address inside the virus infected email, which
   means you can receive a virus alert from Xtra even if you are not
   necessarily the actual sender. Information on Xtra's anti-virus email
   filter: More on the Klez virus: Help with filtering anti-virus email
   alerts from Xtra: Help with removing a virus from your computer: your
   enquiry to anti-virus@xtra.co.nz contained the virus (WORM_SOBIG.F),
   which has been deleted. If you do not believe you were the actual
   sender, the Klez virus is likely to be the culprit. The Klez virus
   works by forging the 'From' address inside the virus infected email,
   which means you can receive a virus alert from Xtra even if you are
   not necessarily the actual sender. Information on Xtra's anti-virus
   email filter: More on the Klez virus: Help with filtering anti-virus
   email alerts from Xtra: Help with removing a virus from your computer:
   your enquiry to anti-virus@xtra.co.nz For more information on email
   virus scanning, security and content Subject: Warning: E-mail viruses
   detected Our virus detector has just been triggered by a message you
   sent:- The virus detector said this about the message: contained the
   virus (WORM_SOBIG.F), which has been deleted. If you do not believe
   you were the actual sender, the Klez virus is likely to be the
   culprit. The Klez virus works by forging the 'From' address inside the
   virus infected email, which means you can receive a virus alert from
   Xtra even if you are not necessarily the actual sender. Information on
   Xtra's anti-virus email filter: More on the Klez virus: Help with
   filtering anti-virus email alerts from Xtra: Help with removing a
   virus from your computer: your enquiry to anti-virus@xtra.co.nz
   including Your Application and Wicked screensaver, the virus address
   book. We've got details on how to avoid the virus, in depth reports on
   the spread of the virus. In the end, Forget 'good' viruses, Dvorak's
   got a better way to keep document. We got word of a computer virus at
   the school, and five contained the virus (WORM_SOBIG.F), which has
   been deleted. If you do not believe you were the actual sender, the
   Klez virus is likely to be the culprit. The Klez virus works by
   forging the 'From' address inside the virus infected email, which
   means you can receive a virus alert from Xtra even if you are not
   necessarily the actual sender. Information on Xtra's anti-virus email
   filter: More on the Klez virus: Help with filtering anti-virus email
   alerts from Xtra: Help with removing a virus from your computer: your
   enquiry to anti-virus@xtra.co.nz X-Virus-Scanned: by surreal.nl
   X-Virus-Scanned: by surreal.nl Subject: Virus Alert Subject: Virus
   Alert Email Virus Scanner Warning: Please read the "VirusWarning.txt"
   attachment(s) for more information. Content-Type: text/plain;
   charset="us-ascii"; name="VirusWarning.txt" Content-Disposition:
   attachment; filename="VirusWarning.txt" This is a message from the
   MailScanner E-Mail Virus Protection Service Subject: Virus Alert
   Subject: Virus Alert Subject: Virus Alert Subject: Virus Alert
   Subject: Virus Alert Subject: Virus Alert Subject: Virus Alert
   Subject: Virus Alert --------------- Virus Warning Message
   ------------ --------------- Virus Warning Message ------------
   --------------- Virus Warning Message ------------ ---------------
   Virus Warning Message ------------ Subject: Virus Alert Subject: Virus
   Alert Subject: Virus Alert Email Virus Scanner Subject: Virus Alert
   Subject: 21 Digital Cameras Reviewed, SoBig Virus Takes Off Again,
   Possible G5 Shortages Looming, What's Up With Windows? In this issue:
   21 Digital Cameras Reviewed, SoBig Virus New Virus Spreading Fast
   Remember the SoBig Virus? Well hot on the heels of Blaster, SoBig
   Virus Returns: Subject: Virus Alert


   ___
