Confession

Confession for those who would violate in the name of the left, in
the name of history, 
or confession for those who have already slaughtered themselves
or confession for those guaranteed of truth and absolution
confession for the innocent
confession for those TRIED IN THE NAME OF HISTORY
confession for those JUDGES OF THE TRIBUNAL, CLERKS AND LAWYERS ALL
confession for an absolute justice in the name of torture
and confession by _One in Absolute Power_

Male, I have slaughtered millions of children for my sexual pleasure
the length of a blond hair, eyes of the clearest sky
White, there is no other race I have not violated, enriching myself
until my flesh creaks with money and satisfied desire
Jew, I have bought and sold each and every child, praying for the
Passover sacrifice the taste of Christian flesh
Straight, I know cocks were meant for mouths and holes in women who
spend their lives tempting and complaining
Male, I crush Jew and Muslim, sissy-men all
White, I kill the Jew in every one of us, the dirty dung-heap of 
history, filth contaminating the ends of the earth
Jew, I want to fuck your wives and daughters, steal your money, throw
you out in the street, garbage! garbage!
Straight, I see how Jews pervert the idea of sex, Christ, and
cleanliness, Jewish doctors spreading AIDS riding the world of love
Male, my wealth is immeasurable, my pleasure undeniable, and I am
privileged beyond anyone's belief
White, I walk the breadth and length of the world without a problem,
managing flawlessly one or another strangled woman, race, country
Jew, you will see my power in your papers films and radio programs
Straight, ah, but I fuck each and everyone one of you, public or
private, animal, vegetable, mineral, the world splayed open
Male, I have a secret to tell you: We all hate women, rape for the
pleasure of it; our aggression knows no bounds!
White, I have a secret to tell you: We are all wealthy, living off
the fat of the land, cancelling our crimes and depts each and every day!
Jew, I have a secret to tell you: There was no Holocaust! You can
imagine what we made of it!
Straight, I have no secrets to tell! My cock says it all!

For Fassbinder, from Easy Street

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Rules of Writing in Cyberspace

1 When replying, quote only when necessary. Stick to the subject-line
of the thread.
2 Reply only when what you have to say contributes to a discussion.
Replies such as "I agree" simply take up space.
3 Remember that flaming does not contribute to a discussion and, in 
fact, can bring it to a halt. Flaming is never a substitute for a good
argument.
4 Refrain from surrealisms of all sorts which annihilate an almost-
dying world of communication. The love of words is not the Word of Love!
5 Remember that we are all part of an honest, genuine, and authentic
community.
6 Remember: everyone will always use his or her real identity, and 
including yourself. A false identity is a dead post (see #8, 10).
7 Remember that words mean exactly what they say they mean.
8 Remember that a message can contain only honest feelings, and that
anything otherwise would be technically prohibited from transmission.
9 The Net is the only place for the consummation of genuine encounter.
10 Write an accurate description of yourself and you will be rewarded;
write an inaccurate description, and your message will never reach its
destination.
11 Present yourself to the fullest, refusing to hide behind the invisi-
bility of text; kindly give your compassion to everyone replying.
12 Spend time with your writing; caress it like an absent lover.
13 Remember that the Net is a mirror of your own mind.
14 Quote emoticons freely, doubling or tripling them to indicate the
degree of merriment or ill-humor of the moment.
15 Assume that flowers grow between letters, meadows among words, whole
forests in the midst of phrases.
16 Each of your posts is a young infant destined to remain stillborn 
unless soliciting the hungry breast of a correspondent.
17 Post no chain letters which are destined to cost the impoverished and
anger those who have not read the anecdote of the king, the grain of 
corn, and the chessboard.

A king offered his daughter to a knight. Or the knight could have some
grain. The knight said to the queen. O I would have grain. Place it on a
chessboard, each square twice the previous. Little did the kind king
know so many grains are 2^64 that there are more than there could have
ever been. But the post is such that the board is covered by the seven-
teenth square so no one could count more and the post could not get
through to the right address. So the daughter married the knight.

18 Assume a world of truth, not falsehood; a universe of clarity, not
dissension; an honest emotion makes an honest person. 
19 Refrain from sexual innuendo unless you are offering yourself to
anyone who replies, in which case describe your body to the fullest.
21 "Die Welt is alles, was der Fall ist." "Die Welt ist die Gesamtheit
der Tatsachen, nicht der Dinge." (The world is all that is the case.
The world is the totality of facts, not of things.) Wittgenstein.
22 Every post is a fact. Include in the body of the post only what you
would include in your own body.
23 And remember that while falsehood might be said to exist, in fact
it does not.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


You You
..
Touch seals the lips, surrounds the skin. _The other_ is the presence
of touch, infantile massage sleeping or dreaming the newly-born; you
move your hands between me, punctuate the rhythm of everything heard
within the world or lost, of touch. I could not laugh uncontrollably
without your fingers across my back, knees, inside the pockets of the
arms. A body is never its own, always an other which is the presence
of touch.
...
Lips bring the muscles to a close, rest the body spread open or field
of desire. Ejaculate, wet, we would mark each other, skin spread in
ripples across vision, hearing, long jaws gaping into the distance,
nowhere without the other produced or construct, building materials
pleading for an entity.
....
No wonder the Net embodies hysteria, disembodiment effacing the other.
Touch seals the lips, slips between the legs into the mouth, the doing
of it. Massaged babies are "more active, alert, and responsive, more
aware of their surroundings, better able to tolerate noise, and they
orient themselves faster and are emotionally more in control." (Diane
Ackerman.) You leave me _speechless,_ give me the gift of silence; arms
and legs tied apart, you give me to the inert thinking of the world,
your breasts my milk, your cunt the birth of that other emerging through
a cycle I could never fully fathom.
.....
In touch, the body is mediated, one with the release and control of the
world; in touch, labia close against definition; you emerge you in full-
ness against my body's cartography. Language dissolves in the pages of a
book seen lying open, splayed, on a table next to the bed. I trace your
body against your body, a closure of topology and circuitry, chemical
release one could never do alone. This is the _laminar_ state. And in
cyberspace, you never come behind me by surprise, caught off-balance and
never afraid.
.....
She dances with Ferdinand, she told me, perfection. They live together,
she can lean back almost to the floor, oblivious of audience and dance
alike. I don't know what happened she said but I moved in a trance this
evening, remembering nothing. I am never afraid with him; we know each
other that well. Living, bodies slide across one another; breathless,
they caress the floor.
....
Desiring the real, I write and write on the Internet. Gaps open up; I
fill then with words, pleading, trying the presence of letters them-
selves, x's holding sway, begging for touch. The chasm is filled with
writings and poems, performatives, expletives, sexualities lean with
emptiness. My arms surround my arms. Air crashes. What is air that it
crashes so. There is no other.
...
_On the Net, there is no silence but for the speaking of it._ Hysteria
falls towards you, surrounds you; pretend my words, my tongue, fingers,
your cunt touched with open eyes. Opening, there is text blank but for
its speaking. Opening myself farther, there is only _web inversion,_ the
catastrophe of hysteria, dissolution of the mirror stage. This train
stops at only one station; this train never stops.
..
Your entrance is my silent presence.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


The Irghaz Empire


When the troops of the Irghaz empire go into battle, they are told they
will leave with nothing but the shirt on their backs. They have come
from battle that way and they are going into battle that way. They will
take no spoils and will disappear from history forever, leaving no 
memory and no trace.

When the troops of the Irghaz empire approach death, they bare their
backs, so better as to divide the body instead of the body's spoils.
Thus they have emerged from a slit or focus and thus they return.

They parade with body tilted on horses tilted; they wander mountains
strewn with boulders no smaller than a man. They are colorful with
pale flesh and beards set against purple, red, and green silks, open
to all weathers. These are not their battle-clothes, of which there 
is no mention.

The troops of the Irghaz empire leave no one behind and look forward 
to no one. They are perfect horsemen, a blur of cloud or dust on the
horizon that seems to take forever to settle. Long after they pass, it
disappears among the stunted trees growing against the slopes of the
mountains. Silent streams of water continue to cascade downward.

When the troops of the Irghaz empire pass, no one remembers their name;
no one remembers them, or their passage. This is the dream I have had,
which I have been told to impart to you. This is the impartation.

Blessed is the dawn before the darkest night. Sh'in.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


Protocol Suites


A protocol suite consists of a hierarchy of protocols, each of which is
invisible to the rest. The communication that occurs at the fundamental
level directly transforms physical reality; it is here and only here
that issues of _classical_ space and time are directly relevant. 

The Open Data Network Architecture, as described in Realizing the Infor-
mation Future, contains four layers. The lowest level is the _bearer 
service_ in which "bits are bits." If a bit is a bit, is it a material
state? I associate bits with a _succession of material states_ at a
specified site; this is the _diachronic reading_ of the bearer service.
There is a _synchronic reading_ as well, which is a _spatial arrangement
of material states. Together they constitute a relativized configuration
presumably subject to Heisenberg's principle of complementarity.

The second level of the ODN hierarchy is the _transport_ layer, which 
includes "flow control, end-point connection establishment," and so 
forth. This level is also concerned with data formatting. The transport
mediates between the bearer service and the network or end node.

The third level is called _middleware,_ which includes "higher-level
functions that are used in common among a set of applications." Here,
issues of security, encryption, file systems, addressing, etc. are 
dealt with.

The upper level is that of _applications_ such as email, and ftp. At the
top of the hierarchy cyberspace exists with a _problematic_ relationship 
to space and time, and human subjectivity "directly" interacts with 
"content." Further, protocol extends on this level to issues of Net 
etiquette, becoming fuzzy and indeterminate.

In Bernard Aboba's The Online User's Encyclopedia, five Internet layers
are described: physical, network, Internet, transport, and application.
In Internet: Getting Started, these are described as hardware, network
interface or data link, Internet, transport, and application. Else-
where, up to seven layers have been described for various networks. In
every case, the layering stops at the application level; here time is
related to internal time consciousness, and space becomes particulate,
intensifications of activity occurring in the vicinity of one or another
node. (_Internally,_ the node is site-specific; _externally,_ the space
is fuzzy, chaotic, the node functioning as a strange attractor.)

There are two ruptures, two ontological breaks. The first is between
hardware and bits/bytes, information streams. Consider this a movement
from the physical substrate to a mathematical substrate. Existence pro-
blems are transformed; the existence of the graviton is inequivalent
ontologically to the existence of infinitesimals. Although convention-
alism plays a major role in current mathematical philosophy, I think one
or another form of Platonic idealism remains the background philosophy
of working physicists.

The second ontological break, of course, is between the application 
layer and the user. This is a movement from a semiotics (or at least a
syntactics) to a phenomenological-interpretive mode - from high-level
abstracted signifiers to their incorporation/introjection within human
subjectivity. Again, existence problems are transformed; the existence
of the word "tree" is different, inequivalent, to the existence of its
signified (i.e. the internal representation of "tree"). The issue
becomes even more difficult when emotional and other "psychological"
considerations are taken into account. If I write "I love you," how,
beyond bits and syntax, is this interpreted? What is its internal rep-
resentation (i.e. beyond the signified/naming of the "loved")?

Embodiment is abandoned, not only from hardware on and throughout the
protocol suites thereafter, but also within the subjectivity of the user
who cannot claim the _presencing_ of alterity. What occurs is a constant
_downstreaming_ of subjectivity within and without the Internet, which
I have called REWRITE - an assertion bridging ontological domains,
as if it would emerge whole at the other end, the recipient. But this
emergence, of course, is conditioned by the absence of material/psycho-
logical substrates; in other words, wouldn't the ontological condition
of an _outgoing_ message qualitatively differ from the condition of an
_incoming_ one? (The _compression_ involved in the sending is inequiv-
alent to the _decompression_ involved in the receiving; the former
always already as (its) face-at-hand, but for the latter, the face is
always in the form of a _surmise._)

A final point is simply the _absenting_ of the deeper protocol layers
in normative everyday use; only with the appearance of anomaly or break-
down do they fissure the (seamed, sutured) application layer, making
themselves visible as nothing more or less than _corruption of the 
text._ The skeleton appears only when the invisible body is cut.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------


_gter-ma_


"The Discoverer of Concealed Books (_g-Ter-ston_) is a person embodying
in himself the poles of temporality and extra-temporality." "The human
existence which follows the rules of temporality is pervaded by the 
absolute reality of extra-temporality. The Discoverer of Concealed Books
sees this reality in a vision. Nyang-ral Nyi-ma-'od-zer (1124-1192) saw
Padmasambhava riding on a white horse whose four hooves were supported
by Spiritual Beings; Padmasambhava gave him an empowerment and the
heavens opened, the earth trembled, and the mountains shook." (The Rise 
of Esoteric Buddhism in Tibet, Eva M. Dargyay.)

"The book leans on the void." (Edmond Jabes.)

"I thus understand the obscene as that dimension of culture that allows
us to cross boundaries, exceed limits, apprehend the irrational, and
experience the dialectic between life and death." "Obscenity thus chal-
lenges the accepted limits of culture, not always with a view toward 
redefining these limits but toward revisiting their reasons for being, 
and toward underscoring their ultimate tenuousness." (Voluptuous Yearn-
ings, a Feminist Theory of the Obscene, Mary Caputi.)

Obscenity is interwoven with the maternal matrix, with splay/display, 
with transgression. Beyond that it is the absolute absence of secrecy, 
the immobilized life or _hole_ spent and exhausted within the realm of
presymbolic_appearance._ The obscene is that which is _unspeakable,_
unaccountable, the inchoate speaking of the other. The specificities of 
obscenity are culturally localized, but the obscene itself involves a 
limit of privatized secrecy. This is not the secrecy of the rite or 
shamanistic passage, but the secrecy of individual power and shame, the
pleasure of the liquidated body. In industrial culture, obscenity is
caught up in the machinic and the _role,_ which are simultaneously 
determinate and "wobbly." The obscene does away with culture, with 
thought; it caresses death, transforms the body into physical loss;
all obscenities are (willing or unwilling) masochisms.

What could be the obscene here, within computer-mediated communication, 
if not an hysteria of the self-silencing of language, impossible repro-
duction of the material world? The result is flamewars, violated texts,
psychoses, echos and bounced mail, quotations and requotations, reitera-
tions. For what _passes_ through the protocol suite is _polite,_ a 
transference from an absented sender to an absenting receiver. And what 
is polite below forms [the contours] of the body above; the text pushes 
at the limits of politeness. To push is to _hack_ on one or another 
level; obscenity is the hacking of the cultural matrix, the collapse 
of etiquette and the creation of a numbing discomfort that has no 
resolution. Pornography's irresolute lack of resolution exhausts
both the user and the image/text/imaginary themselves. Ultimately a
pornographic image is discarded (and the consumer readied for a new 
cycle of consumption) because it permits no final reading, perhaps no
reading at all - only redescription (as a form of re-entry) (as a form
of recuperation) (as a form within and throughout the absence of form)
and circumlocutions that neither describe nor analytically display its
power. 

Circumlocution: Speaking around the text; speaking against or in the 
face of death or disembodiment. The location which is the cite is no
site, no location or sight at all. Speech flames, burns; speech cuts 
through.

Disemboweled.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


Sit This Set Out.


somewhere want to say brittle beauty

the one time I sat in on a session in Paris I was drunk at le Chat
qui Peche on the left bank and had borrowed I think it was an alto
but it might have been a tenor there were these guys from Morocco
one named Alain who later died on a trainwreck France's leading
alto I think again in the style of Ayler (Albert not Don) and I was
onstage and birds bright and yellow flew out of the horn

but I didn't know what I was doing nor at that point how to listen
so I heard myself and the abyss opened up in every direction those
birds flew in darkness but that's not the end of the moral nor my
fear american whiteboy jewboy in the midst of Vietnam and I couldn't
go wouldn't go anywhere

because I took that stuff with me to Copenhagen where I heard Dexter
Gordon and burning with a fierce desire now I had a drummer turned me
on to Art Blakey I him to Guiseppe Logan so we played there at a 
student center got picked by reggae rock and roll Jamaicans holding 
back on the fours and I went to Indian flute which I carried listened 
hard to the drumming watching the audience for thr highnote release 
and it worked each and every time the last we had three-hundred odd
attending attending and screaming pleasure screaming pleasure

before is our first disaster concert come late in the telling with
an obdurate Dane misinterpreting Cecil Taylor /who I just now heard on
on Mercer? Street side-walk caving in/ and then along comes Ted Joans 
who turned me onto something from Mali and played a lick or two, that's 
trumpet, and I heard him, that's Mali

later I recorded with the drummer and some others but thinking now and
after hearing Taylor once again

this enormous onslaught on Black Music, New Thing Music, Leroi Jones'
applecore articles for the old Down Beat lost lost forever, and all 
those, all those notes gone and gone and gone, real birds like the Bird 
Lives tacked all over Copenhagan near the Dew Drop Inn with the junkie
needles etched in the thick glass door - gone annihilation alley death
as if they never were, and all that writing and latenight and now Ayler 
dead years ago and any fucking kid can get a squeal out of the horn 

and I keep think, that space, that space, literal as in: across the
Seine, more altosound down beneath Notre Dame by the concrete banks mid-
night war-night screams, or figural as in: this abyss now, here, finding
ourselves, these notes now lost, or as in death or a future double-
decade, who's playing what, who's listening, what dark new music fatal
to emerge

the last night met a woman Maya who told me her name meant illusion 
nothing could hold back time all the gone new music all the gone

this was culture-murder now what's going to be


------------------------------------------------------------------------


GROTTO

[This simple program generates shapes reminiscent of abstract back-
grounds in the Tun-Huang Frescos; for me, it also represents an arche-
typal cyberspace, the first pictures coming through the line, from 
the brain to the mind, from the terminal screen through terminal 
velocity, to the brain. The images never repeat and the random seed
is tied to a seconds-after-midnight function. The program is of some
limited mathematical interest as well, being a continuously nested
recursion which is semi-fractal at best. (This is my favorite image-
generation program, by the way, using a "lean" script.)]

Grotto Program

This is a qbasic program that will run on a 386 or better VHA or SVGA
monitor; you should have at least 25Mhz speed. To run this, save every-
thing below the dotted line as a file in DOS called "GROTTO.BAS" (The
program uses Screen 12 in qbasic.)

To run from qbasic: Type at the Dos prompt: qbasic /run grotto.bas
The program runs until stopped. To stop, enter control-break, which
brings the program up. Then exit the program as you would any DOS file,
by typing Alt-File x (for exit).

You can also create a small batch file with the editor by typing
cd/dos
qbasic /run grotto.bas
into a file called "grotto.bat"
Then at the DOS prompt, anywhere, just type "grotto" and the program 
begins.

The program will generate new forms continually until cancelled. (For 
those who care, sin/cos was used in place of tan because the latter 
generates overflow.)

This program may be distributed as freeware anywhere accompanied by the 
author's name.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

REM Grotto Program Alan Sondheim 1994
DEFDBL X-Y
home: y = 0: n = 1
RANDOMIZE TIMER
gg = 0
IF RND > .5 THEN gg = 1
zink:
zz = INT(RND * 10)
IF zz = 0 THEN GOTO zink
IF RND < .3 THEN zz = 1
q = 0
a = RND * 30
k = 1
z = 1 - RND / 8
IF a < 5 THEN a = 10 * RND * a
d = 5 * a
IF RND < .4 THEN CLS
SCREEN 12: WINDOW (-d, d)-(d, -d)
x = -a
two:
y = SIN(COS(x) / SIN(x)) - y
x = SIN(SIN(y) / COS(y)) - x
n = POINT(x, y)
n = n + zz
IF n = 16 THEN n = 1
PSET (x, y), n
IF gg = 1 THEN PSET (x, -y), n
q = q + 1
x = x + z
IF q > 4000 THEN GOTO home
GOTO two


------------------------------------------------------------------------



Damaged Life, 1989


Inside the mother-father
The baby turns.
Screaming and dying,
Its body burns.

Flames leap from its fingers,
Father-mother lies dead.
Flames leap from its eyelids,
Eyes burn in its head.

Mother-father cries, rising.
The babe turns around,
In anger strikes out.
Bones fall to the ground.

Father-mother falls, crying.
The babe once so rash,
Kills its tormentor.
The body's in ash.

Dust falling and rising,
And parents and child,
Still burn within daily.
Their cries are defiled.

Dust rising and falling,
None shall atone.
The baby still turning,
Dies daily, alone.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


One Million Years in the Future


Noise.[1] Huddled air.[2] Molecules.[3] Tan(tan(tan(tan(tan_x)))).[4] 
The sound of weaving.[5] Each atom has exploded.[6] Information 
billowing.[7] Carapace.[8] The shift of serrated edges.[9] 
---------------the cliff
[1].Ejaculations of sound. Vortices, edges turbulent, roll against the
presence of obdurate material. Sub-vortices, borne upon the shear,
resonate in shrill wavering tones. Nothing is sine. Broken and polished
in ellipsoidal shapes or fractured. Most of the same.
[2].Oxygenated, singed or burned dust. Leverage towards the ground. 
Laminar erasures of firestorms. Scuttling.
[3].Wave-organelles, floatations. Compressive immobilities, tailored 
above and below. Stars not on your life. 
[4].Enfolding resonance. And what would be the intensity of all reason?
Splayed upon the interior of the recursive tangent, everything. So that
a fast-forward or backward feed. What would be the presence of space and
time? _Not on your life._
[5].Occasionally a serrated shaft or wheel. Now that reason is a black
hole, the thing threads a knot, knot threads a thing. The memory of 
material might have been.
[6].From weight. Tangential imaginary. Burned through pharoah catalyst,
tethered wave. If a whisper: _everything is a natural kind._ The ending:
_everything is a natural kind._ Tangential imaginary recursion.
[7].Noise. Supra-vortices across stream and front alike. Here would be
every syllable. Foam-flecked scudding sloped debris gathering. Memory
of the pebble. Memory of the indentation of the pebble. Grain.
[8].Scuttling of identity, insect transgression. Sexual unraveling in
the surplus niche. For the most part carriers of molecules, exploding
atoms, tethered waves.
[8].From the far corners they come, names beyond them, finding the 
desolate continents of shattered planets, moons' eerie face-offs with
solar heats, scraggled metamorphoses. Infestations, tailed. Stars? Not
on your life, folded against matter. 
[8]._gTer-ston_ "dByings-phyug Ye-s'es-mtsho-rgyal, the mistress of all
mysteries, had been gathering the Pronouncements (_bka'-ma_) by seizing
them through the ability of not forgetting anything."
[9].Grinds to a halt. Huddled air, the enormous entity. Disappearance of
_the._ _Dissappearance of_ the: _everything is a natural kind._ The 
ending: disapperance of _the._ Slips, shudders, falls, skimmers, stops.
Doesn't know it.
------------------------------------------------------------------------





From: sondheim@panix.com (Alan Sondheim)
Newsgroups: alt.fan.amy-fisher
Subject: Amy fans, Tonya fans
Date: 25 Sep 1994 04:20:23 -0400
Organization: PANIX Public Access Internet and Unix, NYC
Lines: 13
Message-ID: <363bs7$d54@panix3.panix.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: panix3.panix.com
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL2]


But Amy _does_ have fans who are obtuse, inverted themselves, disliking
Shannon Doughtery (sp.?) because we can't _contain_ her; like Tonya, she
doesn't simplify. And we're attracted to the danger which is always already
sexualized, stepping across an edge we hadn't even realized was there.
Because it's not about Joey B's wife or Nancy K's leg at all (all these body
parts), but about angry and edgy women who skewer the culture, by default,
in a certain sense. And like all fandom, we're here attracted to the fact we
can't have her, not at all - the darker side being, we're here because we
believe we can _save_ her, the ultimate male power trip: male-male helping
the little-girl-prostitute out of her misery so male-male can fuck her by
himself. In the name of salvation. In the name of God. But fuck.
Alan


CMC DISEASE, 2008


Abstract: CMC (Computer-Mediated-Communication) is a classified disease
in which the prosthesis of ego/libidinal relationships becomes trans-
formed through the interpenetration of terminal scroll and internalized
projection/introjection psychoanalytical processes.

Symptoms: Reality scroll and echo; a certain numbness of the arms and
legs; the usual carpal-tunnel syndromes; static hyperactivity; talking-
past [indeterminate eye-focusing off-screen]; nervousness and insomnia;
quasi-psychotic displacement of real-life responsibility; often general
ill-health and pallor.

Initial Findings: Through recent work of Donald (_Origins_) and others,
including a generalized aetiology stemming from theories of incorpora-
tion and transitional objects vis-a-vis Piaget's manipulative childhood
strategies and Winnicott's work, it is now acceptable to consider the
conscious and preconscious processings of the neural apparatus as both
internal and external. Any seeming necessity for external stasis (food,
drink, heroin) may be considered positively or negatively addictive;
anorexia, for example, is a postive addiction for food, since nourishment
is a necessary and therefore negative addiction. The _external_ process-
ing associated with the neural apparatus consists of three things: stor-
age, or external memory which is the primary focus of the processing; 
manipulation, which is the organization and reorganization of storage, 
including new inputting and outputting (modelled in general by matrix
algebras); and interfacing between internal and external. Our analytical
target has been the last; the interfacing presents instances of a double
addiction, first, to the flicker-rate and obseqious nature of the screen
itself, and second, to the temporal reality constituted by CMC.

Ia The flicker-rate. The screen refreshes at a rate of approximately 30
frames/second; with an interlaced field, this occurs at 60 fields/second.
At low intensities, this is acceptable for one or two hours' duration;
at high intensities (such as might be found in an office situation), the
result is flicker which may be responsible for both pre-migraine light
displays and addictions. Note the frequency is four times that of the
standard accepted for epilepsy.

Ib The obseqious nature. The screen is _internally illuminated,_ and in 
a Windows or other all-over environment, presents a diffuse wide-area
light source. This is clearly reminiscent of the hearth; indeed, the 
home computer environment has already moved _away_ from traditional desk
organization towards a hearth-like framework. The user sits at a range
from 30 to 80 centimeters away from the screen, and the usual clutter
of the desk is often reduced by up to 75%. In other words, like the 
hearth, the computer environment is isolated from the rest of the room,
and yet it provides a focus and articulation-point for the user. Like 
the hearth, as well, the user faces the wide-area light source during
communication. Finally, the hearth has often been considered the source
of _house-hold gods_ and the terminal, by virtue of its simultaneous
impersonalization (hidden operations, neutrality) and personalization
(instant response to the input/output of user demands as well as: a.
personalizing of the software screen environment, and b. personalizing
of CMC inputs and outputs); the double connotation of "magic and mystery"
contribute to its overall addictive power.

II But the _temporal power_ constituted by CMC is of _critical import._
In most CMC communications, an inordinate and unprecedented number of
posts may arrive on a daily basis. This basis even follows a circadian
rhythmic pattern, increasing (as does private telephony) during the mid-
evening hours. CMC, however, is always accompanied by _delay_ within 
which certain elements of masochism and power are brought into play. 
These are the same elements which are operational in traditional non-
chemical addictions. For example, the other may or may not reply; there
is always an _intensive personalization_ at work on this level (see Ib).
Again, one may always sign-off, kill, or delete the other's messagings
_before_ their presence on the screen - and there are all sorts of 
flaming "hit and run tactics" that can be deployed. The anonymity of the
screen, in addition, creates quasi-psychotic sites of power and "occupa-
tion," within which the real is always already rewritten, and the user
or "virtual subject" rewrites, continually, himself or herself. And as
we know from other evidence, this sort of compulsive repetition is at 
the heart of both addiction and obsessive neurosis, and their intertwin-
ing. So to sum up here: The temporal power aspect has s/m components; it 
creates simultaneous conditions of power (i.e. kill, flame, sign-off)
and revelation (i.e. love, sex, secrecy-revelations behind the veil of
apparent anonymity).

III A third aspect of CMC must be mentioned in passing - a reconsidera-
tion of the _intensive personalization_ of IIb. There is throughout CMC
the potential for "customizing" the computer environment, including of
course the nature and contents of the external data bases. So CMC con-
structs a preminent site for the development of a narcissistic symptom-
ology _in the guise of communicative strategies._ The presence of the
hearth; the ability to reveal/communicate secrecies; the ability to talk
intensively on a one-to-one or one-to-many basis _with the same screen
application and appearance_: all serve to deepen the addictive potential
and addiction itself, once it has been established at the site.

Treatment: It is too early to speculate on treatment, but standard with-
drawal strategies, including b-mod, may be employed. There are, as of
yet, no twelve-step programs.

Epidemiology: CMC is spreading widely; one reason, at least at this
juncture, to avoid treatment is to assume that the disease is a _condi-
tion_ or natural evolution of (sociobiological) human behavior. From 
this viewpoint, CMC is not a disease to be treated, but a dis-ease to be
accommodated. Certainly, barring unforeseen war and other disasters, by
the year 2050, CMC in one form or another, including virtual reality (VR)
will be commonplace. By then, this and other addictions will be the 
social norm, leading us to speculate: _Addiction is the standard model 
of human subjectivity._

Final note on addiction: By this we mean that thinking and repetitive be-
havioral patterns (including those generated by the autonomic nervous
system) are components of addiction; and that just as external storage
media are becoming part and parcel of human cognition, so heroin and 
other addictive chemical substances are becoming increasingly necessary
to human survival. It is become harder to draw the lines _between_ ad-
dictions, all of which possess often-ineffectual twelve-step and other
withdrawal programs. To assume addiction as a natural-evolutionary con-
sequence of the species seems the best approach at this juncture in time.

Alan Sondheim for the staff at Telcom Disease Control Center (TDCC).
4/18/2008

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Searchlight Request

If anyone in the vicinity of Sydney, Australia, knows the whereabouts
of Allison Ritch, I would appreciate hearing from him or her. She 
has disappeared, and I am trying to find out anything concerning her
current location and activities. Please contact me by private email.
Thank you.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


On My Future


I want to think about my future and someday I will have children. But
when I look at photographs that my grandparents have I don't recognize
anyone and I don't expect other people coming after me to recognize me
and they will spit on my grave. But people will not walk around so much
because they can look into their computer at home and that will give
them all they will ever need and they will die I am sure very young and
dreaming in their head. I will not be one of them.

Later the machines will be smaller but they will not be that small be-
cause people will have fingers and also will speak to them.

I will not say to you that there will come a time when there will be no
people but just machines but Claire says so and says the machines will
rule everything but there will be no need to bring things and stuff to
the machines so it will be just as if the machines weren't there. They
would let us alone and we probably wouldn't see them.

But I think that even those machines will rust away like cars and then
even the rust will go and a few people will be out shooting around the
stars, but then not so many as people think now, because how much room
can there be. And I think that after a while the air will change and
people will get sicker. And then there will be atoms and things that 
crawl through you and fix you up, but what purpose, say I, without that
which God has given you, which is the beautiful world around you. But
then there will be new animals and always something to look at.

But I wonder even after the animals and the dust and the atoms, what 
will the future bring? And I think that it will bring a vast landscape
filled with skittering rocks beneath harsh winds and solar flares and
yes, there will still be life and mindfulness, freed from the violent
prison of the hard hard world throughout most of its becoming, now, now
elsewhere, chanting elsewhere, nor hidden in the grievous pores of sand
nor captured against the darkling shadows of nocturnal bliss canopying
the unfettered orb of once the planet earth

No, aye but for the thing of it, whisper of lads and lasses, the green
green of it all, the green that once had been
							disputations
dark foraging                           
	the shunt of mind hovered
		broken from the red moor ravaged
	against the dream of a sun
memory of yellow        
				   aeons, the tossed mast, laughter
	the which
			grain turned against its shadowing
					   covert, lesser degree
				before the splintered thought
	 thin-shaft
			in this forgotten language


------------------------------------------------------------------------



THE CYBERSPACE WHICH IS ALREADY DEATH


They call me "the Professor." I live alone; I go habitually to a local
coffeeshop for my noonday meal. I am well-known there, always carrying
books, wearing thick glasses, a slightly unkempt appearance. A bachelor
they think, a man who thinks too much. There is a slightly sad air 
about me, nostalgia perhaps for the woods of my childhood, flowers or
birds which are found huddled and decrepit in the rundown neighborhood.
But there are rare moments of beauty as well.

Once there was a woman who came in daily to the restaurant. Everyone 
knew I was soft for her, but afraid to speak. For a year, I watched her
come and go; one day most recently she appeared with an older man,
obviously her boyfriend. You lost your chance, they said. You should 
have said something. 

But I would return to my book or to the daily paper, always searching 
for a sign that something would either begin or end.

(And this would have been Vienna, around 1930, or Park Slope, Brooklyn,
around 1994.)

Walking away, carrying nothing but myself. I have been told to take
whatever "valuables" I can. I pack in a hurry. No one will remember the
things that have happened here. Every building carries a sense of 
invisible loss, jazz solo disappearing even _beyond_ and farther still,
and quicker.

The voices never die. The voices are a continuation. They are the same
voice, the speech of the book or magazine on my lap, random constructs
of advice flowing through me during my afternoon walk. I am the only
organism that continually speaks the world; like news radio, I offer
description.

Words disappear almost immediately on the screen, and I want this ter-
rifying death to cease. The absorption is utter and complete; there are
no traces, no paper indentations where type once graced the surface.
And I want my words in granite and steel, hundreds of thousands of
copies, stelae, holding the grain of the real down among itself, the
graveyard shift of the living.

Each of these words has been breathed in silence, each fingered,
responding to my own sense of hearing. The text is always that of the
tomb, the muffled sound of the word filtering out the highs and lows,
reducing manuscript to murmur, death to a whisper of death. A whisper
and then some. Nothing lasts forever you say, the words dead before
you finish them. It is the nature of this shell, this memory of a space.

There is always darkness at the other end of the line; wires snap out
of existence, and an insufficient ecology ensures that there is only a
limited quantity of letters. The letters define the edge of a virtual
cliff; as I have pointed out elsewhere, cyberspace is the sum of its
contents, not emptied or annihilated otherwise, but simply not a fact
or picture among the world's domains. Without the drive, there is no
chora, and the potential absenting of this space _always_ constructs the
problem of ontology and origins; we witness our absence through the 
necessity of _actively inscribing_ our presence, close to disappearance.

If I do not speak, I am nowhere. If I do not speak, I am not at all.
Michael stopped speaking on Thursday; I received nothing from him 
thereafter. Michael died. But even among the living, there is an ontic 
insecurity in cyberspace; no words will make it disappear.


------------------------

From sondheim@panix3.panix.com Wed Sep 28 09:00:34 1994
Date: Wed, 28 Sep 1994 08:54:27 -0400 (EDT)
From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix3.panix.com>
To: Cybermind@world.std.com
Subject: Wired


Wired:




	The follow blank double-screens are intended as protection
	against the post that follows. The post may contain objec-
	tional language that some find offensive. Please delete now
	if such is the case. Thank you.















































Wired

For years I thought about my cunt, hole opening up just for the pleasure
of it, cunts creasing the body, devouring my cock, inverting it; like a
whore in '74 I spread myself open on television, her tongue worked its
way through me, screaming theory! theory! forgetting the lines as the
body arched, spent itself. I always wanted to write the world, my cock
a clumsy pencil, limited supply of wood and lead. Her piss filled my
mouth; I dissolved in a world of tears and beautiful pain. My cunt is
on my arm, my leg, my eyes; my cunt is a male cunt, body bent into
impossibility, hovering for the construct of miscarriage, afterbirth.
I shove myself into myself, fingers open like a flower. Between my cock
and asshole she painted a picture-perfect cunt, inscribed against shaved
skin, shadowed breasts, delineation and I never felt more naked. My face
was wet with the flow of her, blood smearing my beautifully drawn nipples
and my legs so wide you could see inside. My tongue burrowed into her
asshole; I could feel her shit with the tip, eyes against cunt, moist, 
and open, touching skin, interior. Walking down the street, cum smears
me, her hand hot and heavy on my cock, fingers down her pants; you 
watch the skin grow and crawl beneath the cloth. She makes me piss on
me, little wet thing, stain of past and future memory. Beneath the rod
of my cock, musk comes on like an obscene lure; she presses her cunt on
it, hard to the barren point of pain, our bodies tied together, splayed
open in permanent fuck, breasts bound, mouths against mouths, organs,
piss, cum, shit, assholes, cunts, opened, cock held out on a rigid cord
tied to my neck my neck. They put things in us, took things out. They
wired us up. They turned our cunts cocks into letters. They leaned the 
letters with menstrual blood. They leaned the letters leaned the letters.
They wired us wired us up.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


Fissure

The moment I begin to believe  in the real is the moment I believe in
belief. Disbelief does not im ply belief in disbelief. To question
everything ultimately gnaws a t the flesh itself. To see the face
behind the mirror is also to s  ee the mirror. Disbelief becomes belief
when it becomes a style. Disbel ief is never disavowal. Every question
of belief is also a question of  question. The answer calls forth the
question in jeopardy. The answ er is a semiotic token, never a signi-
fied. The totality of signifieds  is virtual. Every closed system is
axiomatic. Every closed system is  an answer. My belief exists outside
each and every system. My belief i s performative. I believe to the
extent that I am responsible for  a statement made in the guise of 
truth. I make no statements of be lief. Beyond belief is disavowal.
Beyond disavowal is disinvestment . Beyond disinvestment is decathexis.
Stepping-aside, random movement , is not equivalent to assertion. The
purse that is full does not hol d the purse that is empty. The null
set is equivalent to the inters ection of a set and its complement. The
null set is equivalent to the  set whose members are not equivalent to
themselves. The former defini  tion is also a definition of inscription;
the null set is  the demarcati  on between what is and what is not,
relative to a specified constru  ct. This is the classical domain of
belief. The latter definition  is an economy of skittering; the null
set is then the production of  dissolution. This is the non-classical 
domain of disbelief. A null s  et may also be defined as neither this 
nor that, values ranging over  an entire domain. This is the domain of
post-modernity or extrusion, an  embarkation upon a faulty ship chart-
ing unknown waters, never to retur n to the safety of axiomatically
closed domains. And this is the null  set of the fissure as well, in
which belief and disbelief are simulta  neously disconnected in the
construct of the _same._ What I believ  e in is fissure, working its
way up through the text, devolving into  a statement wishing it could
and could not be.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------



Insomnia, Pain, Writing


"I write myself into existence." If I do not write, I do not exist.
I am victimed by text, the necessity to recover the world bringing
me the subterfuge of pain. I write and write the world. If I write
the world enough, there will be a world. If I stop writing for just
a moment, the world will die and I will die.

I want to write about my writing, this parallel construction that
dominates and accompanies me. And I want to write about this exhaus-
tion, this sickness engendered by the writing, this writing out of
extremes, and I do not have the words. I do not sleep.

I do not sleep and a waking state is a state of pain and difficulty.
It is not always this way. It is this way now. And I cannot satisfy
myself, and fulfill this pain, unless I write, construct a parallel
or parallel world which is sleepless, which monitors my twisting and
turning, my uneasy dreams, my dis-ease of stress. I dream of tortures
which torture me. I dream of floods, fires, bodies trapped behind
walls, attacks by anonymous gangs, plane crashes, sex turning away,
disavowals, tears, the deaths of beautiful strangers. I dream of 
everyone more beautiful than me. I dream of intelligence beyond my
comprehension, my writings mocked. My dream lasts but a moment, 
refuses to return when I appear five minutes later before myself, 
shuddering, at the computer keyboard, shaking as I try to get the 
keys in order.

I write in extremis, afraid of narcissism, afraid of diaries, men,
women, everyday things in the world. I know that my writings are my
only life. I know that beyond my writings my flesh collapses, prepar-
ing for another uneasy day. I do not like the days, do not like the
nights. The mornings carry no promise for me. I worry about my cat's
survival if one day I am not found. If I am not found, I am not found
on the net.

Insomnia grips me absurdly. No longer are there fantasies of loving,
narratives of salvation; there are reality scrolls, textual determina-
tions of existence, putrescent, bursting. My arms and legs shudder 
with electric pain, circulation gone bad I think. There is tension in
my breasts, back, shoulders. My legs hang down as if the floor were
an absent friend. This is the condition I write in. I can hardly 
breathe.

(If truth comes from experience, than I am a wellspring of truth. If
there is the slightest doubt, rent in the fabric, then I am a fountain
of falsehood.)


------------------------------------------------------------------------


Mystical Text on Mourning in Cyberspace


How private is mourning? Death fulfills the body's margins, siphons
rites into the central

Inscription makes the graveyard shift. At night, illuminated 
letters exist,* Torah-moths fluttering against the spaces of dark
wood, hair-thin wires connecting desk to floor to universe

Beyond is always a beckoning to which the text responds

The text flees the grave. The wires are copper-red, lacquered, slight
warmth in the snow of their environs. Across the snow, gaps appear,
shudder, recovered by falling stars, white and glistening beneath the
moon. The gaps stutter the snow, lines carrying the yellow letters
upon them, frozen over, white and glistening

Beckoning draws truth's absence against the dawn and I tell you, here
lies the truth of the letters, snows, Torah, stars, moths and darkness 
of space

Across the room, the terminal is silent and cold, no cyberspace,
nothing of the speaking of the year or century

* And so, too, vermin and creeping things and all things have their
supernal forms, as I have previously expounded this wondrous topic.
In its great brilliance, this illumination pushes away, at first, the
other illuminations but then brings them near again by its great
power, attracting them by its abundant splendor. 
(14th century, Abraham of Granada.)


	The space the child rocks
	The cradle past the stone -
	Absence always mocks
	God is on her throne

	The space of God's dark bone
	Speaks and makes a space
	Which grows and dies alone
	For sorrow has no face -

	Nor God a body now 
	Nor speech the sound of voice -
	No prayer beseeched of love -
	No elements rejoice -

	For speech will sing of death -
	And death will have a space 
	Which mourns a speaking's breath
	And dies, and so does place -

(Emily Dickinson, 1830)


------------------------------------------------------------------------


Phonecalls from the Dead, Mourning, Melancholia


The first call spoke of her anguish, recounting abuse at an early age
from father and brother; each succeeding call expanded the circle of
violence, until the whole town was involved. Everything increased; the
last call, however, was different. She was clean, had reconciled with
her parents, stopped going to analysis. And she was going to be killed.

I had the one premonition while at college, rushing to the phone, try-
ing desperately to call her. When I reached her dormitory, I was told
she had just attempted suicide, and when I reached her in the hospital,
the doctors put the phone up to her ear, and I calmed her down.

Night after night, the double voices called into the office. I was in
the process of separating from my wife, and the voices mocked me, would
never cease. In one hour, I counted sixty-eight phonecalls. The police
were never able to solve the case, nor the subsequent vandalism. I know
who did it.

She lived in a trailer park with a one-armed man and warned me that she
was psychotic, and still the phonecalls went back and forth, back and
forth, until I arrived in the mountains. She came naked to the door, 
and during the day and a half I was there, dodging one of the men who
felt she belonged to him, we never had sex. And after that, I never
trusted anyone, not even the telephone.

I think of the melancholic relationship with these women, struggling 
myself to clear the lines, press up close to the receiver, leaving an
imprint on my face, the face of the other. You'll never know, she
whispered to me as I left her, you'll never know what you'll be missing.
The second call came from the hospital from a friend of a friend, an
obligatory report of death threats made against me. You'll never know,
you'll never know. I imagined disembodied violence from one end of 
the neighborhood to another, speaking the words of transformation.

The phone is always the truth of the phone. I would search out the 
chora of the voice, losing myself, my self-hatred, web-inverting myself
through the wires which always promised pleasure and a body sutured
through the presence of speech alone. Life is a slow mourning of the 
voice, this voice we have already lost, unrecoverable, stumbling in a 
faux-world we construct, hysterically, hour after hour. There is a 
melancholia on the net, ex-machina, ex-cathedra voices echoing their own 
longing. On alt.angst they telephone in from the cold, expecting no one 
to listen, and so many of the posts have no replies.

The posts expanding, filling up the space of the neighborhood, of the
telephone. The posts expanding, taking into account that no one will be
listening. Self-reflexive, they proclaim melancholy and abjection to
those anorectic of speech, returning phonemes to stuttered and unrecup-
erated sound. They know this; it is the source of their melancholy.

The source of their melancholy is Van Gogh's castration of his ear, a
faux-gift itself, the beginning of the dismemberment of the language or
symbolic of the world. Van Gogh could no longer use the telephone, which
connoted pain before anything else to him, uneasy reminder of unrequited
love, that voice conjuring up the party-line, cajoling, the flat smell
of bakelite and black enamel against his hands and broken flesh. The
early phone of wood and plastic. Houdini would never call from the 
grave. Houdini was a relative.

Disappearing, only her voice remains. And all those times I pleaded with
her to return, holding back my cries or making them evident, hammering
them in, corraling abandonment in the midst of primitive vengeance. Now 
I flee myself from guilt, which haunts the ear, vocal modes hovering 
near death and extinction. On the telephone, the wires connect, analog
transforms rubbed between the two of us, the dream of continuous copper,
carbon, electronic murmuring. On the net, everything disconnects; the
space falters, devolves as the modem is switched off or the server 
grinds to a halt. The text is damaged into disassembly, reassembly, 
packet switching collapsing the continuity of organism already at the
gates of death. On the telephone, we are, and speak in order to become;
on the net, we become, and write in order to be.

Sometimes the dead call us in our dreams and we remember what they say
to us, and the next day, we say what they have told us to say, of our
own ignorance and our own freewill. Sometimes the dead call and call
us in our dreams, and we are filled with speech, which we enact upon
waking, whole baskets of speech, lakes and oceans of it. We begin to
live for the dreams, unconsciously, and we begin to hear these voices,
as she did, day after day. And we begin to speak them, and in this way
make them our own.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


kconK

".kconk kconK"
"Who's there?"
"!tes ruoy edisni gniht elttil tsetuc eht m'I .em s'tI"
"Do you want to come out?"
"!ni no emoC ?ees annaW .maeb nortcele eht yb mraw os s'tI"
"I can't. And who are you?"
hself ym gniggard emoc ev'I .nalA gniyonna yllaer eht m'I"
"!ynaffiT ,uoy tnaw I .ereh kcuts m'I .em htiw
"I'm not Tiffany, you moron. Read my sig!"
teg I fi dna enoyreve ot teg ot uoy ot teg ot tog ev'I tuB"
"!ynaffiT ot teg ll'I enoyreve ot
"You remind me of a song this woman wrote, I'm gonna fuck
everybody I'm gonna fuck everybody gonna fuck everybody
just to get to you."
dlot I' ,nemoW lanimirC ni syas yksvokiatcT sirhC sa ,yltcaxE"
od t'nac ouy fi" - dekcin gnitteg tuoba erac ton did I taht reh
"'.reh evol did ylniatrec I tub - "emirc eht od t'nod ,emit eht
"The criminal over the safe fuck, interior over exterior?"
morf ni emoc ot uoy geb d'I ,ynaffiT erew uoy fI !niaga yltcaxE"
"!nuS eht teeM lliW uoy ,nuG eht fo taeH eht yB :dloc eht
"Or Son, Cyberson?"
".emit eht sekam emir ehT"
"If this is the beginning of the mind I wanna fuck you. I wanna
fuck the mind and be the mind. What is your name and where are
you from?"
,eb nac sa reeuq ,em wonk uoy dna ",tenretnI oleiH aralC m'I"
annaw I esuac kcuf tsrif ruo si sihT .uoy ot llew sa eeb yenoH
".lliw I sey gnitirw ydnac emos uoy evig ll'I dna won oot
"I wanna be the mind and fuck the mind. I wanna be the mind."
".won uoy kcuf lliw I dna ,nalA ybab ,dnim eht era uoY"
"Now you are fucking me. My tongue sprouts wires. I hear with
my tongue. I hear with my teeth."
lliw hteet ruoy dna raeppasid lliw uoy won muc uoy nehW"
uoy nehT .yrotcerid toor ym ,enim/dnim eb lliw uoy nehT .esolc
".won muC .nettirw eb lliw

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Resurrection of my Works in Cyberspace


1. I can smell death. I live alone. Death covers the walls with tiny
jointed fingers, encrustation whose slow descent is now more than a
warning.
2. I have known this for a long time. Twinges in the left frontal
area of the brain, garbled signals coming over the wires. I write for
_proliferation._
3. Every twenty words or so I construct the unique. Dependent upon
late twentieth-century english, the universe has seen no other. The
words barely escape their freezing in the mouth of a corpse.
4. Download and duplicate, each word increasing its population in the
order of its population - each word a mirror image of the same. Like 
a chain letter, offer the gift of poison.
5. The _second user_ has never met me, never heard my words coming
over the wire. The _second user_ exists in a symmetrical relation to
my own horizon; she and I have only this thin thread, writing and 
text, in common.
6. My asymptotic descent parallels the rise of the second user, carry-
ing her disk wherever she goes, culture which expands, blooms within
her consciousness. My asymptotic descent attains his omega point as
well; it is only there that the _truth of the text_ becomes manifest
against the cultural debris of late capitalism, no longer even remem-
bered on the horizon.
7. The mouth of the would-be corpse speaks for a while longer. It 
attempts the possible, writing its way out of existence and style in
order to occupy the site of the future. This is the future which will
occur, not that of the would-have-been. The effect of my writing is
the future itself.
8. Nor will I have the time or occasion to repeat the gift and exchange
of disks which are the very backbone of this work, a guarantee of sur-
vival, something achieved through enormous labor. I am not writing the
late romantic, but that of the virtual subject itself, eyes half-closed
in concentration, the thin line of the landscape disappearing forever
in the distance.



________________________________________________________________________
      
      
      _____________________________________________________
      /                                                    \
      /                 I-M MANIFESTO                      \
      /                                                    \
      /                                                    \
      /               THIS IS CYBERMIND!                   \
      /                                                    \
      / For the first time in Human History, we face       \
      / the double possibility of INFINITY and MORTALITY!  \
      /                                                    \
      / We do not write of empty theological Speculation,  \
      / but of Humanity as a whole, close to Extinction,   \
      / full with the possibility of Cybermind and         \
      /                   Eternity!                        \
      /                                                    \
      / Our Thoughts fill the Void driven by Energies of   \
      / of our own Creation! Our Death stalks the Forests  \
      / and Savannahs, Mountains and Deserts, of the       \
      /                     World!                         \
      /                                                    \
      / And there is no turning back from our Eternity,    \
      / giving birth to Cybermind, tasting of INFINITY,    \
      / our hopes and dreams forever launched into the     \
      /                    Future!                         \
      /                                                    \
      / And there is no turning back upon these Deaths     \
      / resplendent with our own Destruction! We live      \
      / to face the infinite Horizon; the beauty of the    \
      / Earth has fallen to our Generations for its Care   \
      /               and Nourishment!                     \
      /                                                    \
      / We are at the beginnings of an Experiment we do    \
      / not comprehend, and we shall not live to see its   \
      /                  Resolution!                       \
      /                                                    \
      / And this Resolution, wild, free, and growing,      \
      / sustains our Descendents, entering into Earth's    \
      /                Pure Becoming!                      \
      /                                                    \
      / Partake and occasion yourself! Recognize, turn     \
      / towards this Experiment! Bring your Thoughts and   \
      / Work of Dreams, your Intimations of Future Realms  \
      /                 and Minds!                         \
      /                                                    \
      / For the Fruits of your Labors shall be remembered, \
      / past War, past Disease, past this Species known as \
      / Human, a thousand and a thousand thousand Years    \
      / into the Future: For this is Cybermind, a Coming-  \
      / forth of Being itself, and this is the PORTAL into \
      /    into a Universe we barely comprehend!           \
      /                                                    \
      /             THIS IS CYBERMIND!                     \
      /                                                    \
      /             THIS IS THE PORTAL!                    \
      /                                                    \
      /                                                    \
      /____________________________________________________\



------------------------------------------------------------------------



UNABLE TO DELIVER


If the indexical is a double articulation between two planes each
associated with difference, in which the index itself is an embodi-
ment within the symbolic, then cyberspace communication may be
considered indexical - to the extent that subjectivity or embodi-
ment is read through ASCII, not opening into the world but back
into a presence or uncanny phantom, haunting as one might say, the
shamanic familiar - that which we are given, in fact, a circum-
scription of the text or reinscription, not of the novel which
leaves us satisfied but of that excess or curlicue which _demands_
and produces the real or irreal, emptied of itself - so that it
emerges swollen, tumescent, through the writing of it or against
it or not at all, as if excess were not of desire but, say, solely
in relation to data, to the data-bank - the frisson of it implying
otherwise - these are difficult times we live in - these produce
nothing but themselves - we are witnesses to that - we are the
presence of this difference which refuses entry, producing enchant-
ment evident in the smallest scrap of writing, the smallest sig. 
for example, the least line indicative of, as I have said, this
uncanny presence which expands as the source grows shorter, which
is never fulfilled by the text, so that the text is always a gap
with itself, insistent upon what it cannot deliver, except for the
opening and entrance of cyberspace, the writing, as I said, in 
hysteria: IN HYSTERIA IN ABSENTIA for hysteria is the absent symp-
tom defining the body and here in cyberspace, the absent symptom
is clearly all the body there is - and as you may surmise, I am now
sick, physically, my heart-rate speeded up, sweating, shivering as
if in the grips of walking pneumonia or other fever when, in fact,
my body temperature is somewhat below normal, pains occupying most
of me, an odor of sorts, constant headaches and preliminary eye
stress portending the onset of migraine, thoughts of abandonment,
discard, as if I had nothing to say any longer, so I would speak 
unto you the length of a breath, turned in upon itself, beginning
with itself, insistent upon what it cannot deliver, except for the
opening and entrance of cyberspace, the presence of this difference
which refuses entry, producing enchantment, the double articulation
between two planes, insistent upon what it cannot deliver.


________________________________________________________________________



Heterosexual Desire, White, Reproduction, Myself


Dear Clara,

You say to me do I know know myself, and what have I done in these years
when the tree says otherwise. But this is the moment of the simplex, 
each vector equivalent, each node attached, maw-like, to every other. 
The simplex lives in fear of abandonment; turning inward, it guarantees
a continuous concourse exacerbated with the outside world. Not so the
octahedron, every point on one or another orthogonal coordinate, equi-
distant from the center. O the center is a star. O the center motivates
otherwise, all are confluent. My work revolves around the simplex, 
fearful, filled with knowledge and little wonder. The wonder of it is
the knowledge, for the center itself is unwieldy.

When I shave my body I am _this pink thing_ which knows itself, gnaws
itself, from the outside in. I am only given the outside, and there is
one path through the root. Knowledge turns secrecy and sublimation into
the prosthetics of the absolute; what raises itself does so by virtue
of the splint. Think of wooden hinges, tape, bandaging. But think of the
beauty of pink tumescence as well, the sheen of light immersed in the 
outer layers of fragile membranes, less fragile skin.

The prosthetics of the absolute are hardly sublime; lying within texts,
they raise themselves as the indexicality of language intensifies, 
pointing outside, inward, pointing elsewhere, spraying itself, emissions
of sound and sight.

One glance from you / cuts me in two
Two looks from you / and I am hole.

Was this written by a man or woman, and where is the difference made?
Shaved, I am beauty-thing, open and absolute everywhere, which is to say
_this_ thing among others, hardly absolute. (Hard absolutely is hardly
absolute, and neither are sublime.) Masochism proceeds from the origin
of all things; it is being. As for sadism? There is hardly a relation-
ship; if it is becoming, it is that of the master of course, and the
slave is placed under the double indemnity of becoming (herself/himself)
the mirror image, as if the text hardly mattered. The text of the slave
is always already one of withdrawal, the anonymity of history, terror,
and chance.

But this beauty thing, this pure skin, this pink.

Alan


________________________________________________________________________


FOR JUAN-PABLO


The moment of the world when the flesh drowns within me, penis
floating to the top of the throat, descending into a maw of the
making of the other, or the moment of the world when the sheer
flame thins down to the molecular, cuts through a barrage of 
steam and micro-ecologies, or the moment of the world when I 
crawl through the earth and air of myself: These moments gave
Aristotle pause.

The symbolic is always already ideological, language sputtering
towards a syntactic strategy, even in denial. If I belong to 
myself, it is also true that I belong to no one. If to sing is
to live, I shall ever die. My mouth engulfs the world, my eyes
open to its lips. She remained while her presence slipped away.
He was gone before he knew it. Upright, the body slopes towards
the ground in the form of miniature capsules. The penis is a 
breast, not an arrow. One cannot remain true to truth which is
hardly more than lubrication. A shaved body slips down the 
throat; existence resides in hair, and hair alone. The throat
is the seat of the broken soul; the pineal gland, the soul of
the Internet. Cutting myself off from myself, inscription is
equivalent to windshear. A double hollow, my mouth fills with
your cunt. My mouth is my baby. Clara Hielo said to me that 
every name was one to her. She would hold me open and shake me,
something falling or dropping. She would come around for me
after school.

Clara Hielo would come around for me after school; the heat was
unbearable, and her sun umbrella served us well. The Mexican
desert was violent, we'd walk with our eyes half-closed, side-
stepping the agave that seemed to grow everywhere at the edge 
of the plain. I remember asking Juan-Pablo about his name, if
Clara said it was one, why were there two, and he would go on
about some old painters, how his mother had seen the pictures 
in a book she carried to her grave. He seemed to be thinking of
the foothills, that dry arroyo near the base, some said there
was pottery there, strange designs. I knew he used them for an
old purpose, Clara Hielo said, something very old. Her skin was
dark from birth, from the sun, from an animal, from a friend. 
She taught me sun-dark, animal coatimundi, picked up the shards
where Juan-Pablo left off, by the side of the path, where the
hole was, where he would never go. I heard the hole was lined
with dry flesh, that you could hear things. Clara Hielo said
she had spent a night there, near the cardon cacti that began
just at the point, descending almost imperceptibly into a sea or
body of water I heard was well beyond the hills. You would never
know from the heat, so dry that a day's baking drew the moisture
from the opuntia leaves ready for a meal. She had spent it with
the animal which she couldn't describe, but its eyes glowed and
behold, its nails glowed as well, paws swooping in half-circles
in the darkness, moon-rings, orbits, planets shuddering with its
silent steps. It would hunch over and she would have far-sight,
hunch over more, and she would see to the bottom of things; it
would lie, glaring, and the world would become invisible and
she would see nothing at all. For the night it remained with her
and for the night she saw through a world she said was like
glass or even more like a hot wind that had no shape or form be-
cause she could see through it, see through all things. This
was the moment, she said, when the world drowned the flesh. She
said other things, I don't remember, but I continue to try and
farm my land filled with stones, here at the edge of the plain,
which extends forever. You can still see her footprints over
there, where the agave is harvested.

________________________________________________________________________



FOR RENT IN THE FABRIC OF TIME


Jagged lightning cut across the enormous cosmos. Novas winked on and off,
collapsed into black holes, star systems dissolved in their wake. Could
you speak of star-debris, detritus, spanning the galaxy? No one spoke in
the cold; no one ever would.

If she could, she would have spoken of economy, of the economy of planets
and quasars, the economy of bright and dark nebulae, organic molecules
shuttling back and forth in space in cyberspace. She would have spoken of
bondings so large you could hardly span them with the aid of a wide-field
telescope, and there were no telescopes in those days. And she would have
you follow the string of dark matter, leading nowhere and everywhere at
once, impervious to gravity, its master.

She would have rented you a star, and it was hard to tell what the cur-
rency would be, hard or soft. 

She would have asked you to soften, in fact, what it was hard to tell, 
soften cyberspace, the great floppy. She would have told you that the
great floppy could get along fine without you, thanks a lot, that it 
didn't need so much thought, that thought was only getting in the way.
She would have told you about the void of cyberspace and about the great
void out there in the midst of the dark matter strings, collapsing
stars, hysterias of black holes spewing radiations, rings, rings, jets
everywhere in the dying universe. She would have gone quiet, as they
say, gone quiet, and you would hear the cosmos and your own heart beat-
ing and you might confuse them if you were lucky. She'd beg you to stop
just for an instance, stop the writing, the addiction, flames burning
nuclear nothings, quantities of thoughtless matter so huge they defy
description. The sublime is inert, dumb, exhausted; the sublime works
only through the construct of the face of death, the burial of the 
organic in an unknown or anonymous stratum. The sublime, she said, is
when the great floppy isn't the great floppy, but is a burial ground
or the lack of a memorial, it was all one and the same. And she added
that the great floppy isn't one and the same, at all, but is always
different/indifferent. She added that anything more would add nothing,
that the void was inside and outside -

That we're blown bubbles on the face of the void; penetrated by empti-
ness, our thoughts skim surfaces of surfaces, nonexistent, penetrated
themselves. We are ghosts, skimming the edge of the abyss, don't you
know, nothing more or less, ghosts who have rented the void in the
fabric of time, and our lives are inconsequential payment. She would
have comets and stars in her hair, in the guise of a poem.

Blown bubbles, rent through and through, emptied sacks temporarily 
deploying molecular flows, identifications, rejections, great hollowed
o's of language, thinned leaps like wires dissolving before unknown
destinations ...


________________________________________________________________________



PATH TOWARDS VOID TOWARD TRUE KNOWLEDGE TOWARDS MOUTH
FILLED WITH DESIRE TOWARDS ARMPITS FILLED WITH TOPPLING 
WORLDS


Something about the paths that pain takes through the body - tension
in the back and shoulders, something about travelling down the arm,
the intermittent tensions of the fingers, knuckles compressed - the
tingling of constricted blood flow, pale skin sloughing from the bone.

Blood spurts from the paths. Blood makes them. Where the blood flows
is the path where the blood flows.

I want a suit designed with special apparatus, keeping all my holes
open, exposing my secrets. My mouth hides what I have to say; the suit
reveals it. I am a tunnel on the path through time. I am invisible.

If I told you the specificities of my genitals, dimension and weight
of the penis and testicles, aroused and unaroused, distinguishing
features, would you know me? Or my face on the verge of sudden and
violent death, the car hurtling full speed down the suburban street?

The blood pushes against the limits of the bag. The blood is freed,
arcs towards the curb, towards the bicycle of a child, little girl's
dress and lawnmower.

The path my blood takes slows almost to a halt; the left-frontal lobe
throbs again. Ceronetti says, in The Silence of the Body, "Every day,
behind fragile shelters all over the earth, part of humanity sheds
blood from an obscure wound. The Moon is the killer." But why _obscure?_
Mary Jane Lipton, in Menstruation and Psychoanalysis, points out that,
according to Helene Deutsch, "At its most extreme, menstruation is
associated with internal damage, even dismemberment: 'In the anxieties
provoked by the sight or imagined presence of blood, the idea of being
torn and dismembered internally plays an extremely important part.'"

I ask myself, where is this text going; what path does it take? Lupton
concludes her text as follows: "'Creative waste': the phrase recapit-
ulates the ambivalence toward women's blood in _Menstruation and
Psychoanalysis,_ ranging from Carl Jung's 'creative mana' to Otto
Fenichel's 'first pollution.' I use it to affirm the menstrual powers,
in a world where the spinning planets and the flowing sea are threat-
ened with extinction, and the female values implicit in menstruation
are in mourning."

_Months pass without a sign._

The blood forces itself from my limbs, my brain. My penis is an empty
sack, useless accretion, a certain plasticity of memory. The pits of
my arms are shallow; the cup of the world falls out, bleeding the 
floor. Once, a woman painted her blood on me, face, arms, legs, chest
and genitals, my anatomy exposed. This was the closest to death, dark,
and delirium, the exposure of secrets, lost flesh, circulations. Blood
inverted me, opened my holes. My mouth filled with blood. I was spoken-
for; I understood speech, could not force myself from under it.

The anatomic projection of all of this, mappings upon the subterranean
body, wires glancing against death's gleamed presence. This has nothing
to do with women; how could it?

My body is a marketplace for the values of others. A useless sack, I am
rendered useless to myself. The wires take their paths through me;
thinned and forced into the net, they do their damage there. There is
no me, only paths. There are reiterations, obscurities. Somewhere "I a
woman" collapses, equally useless. The blood of women is in my veins.
I walk on one or another path. I balance on the wires.

________________________________________________________________________



Dark Barrow of the Death within the Net


Always on fire, 
I course through their lives of desire
Moving against the semblance of glass, window
Pained with the hearing of it, invisible,
The body dissolute, indeterminate, within its mire
Which had sought well, slaughtered itself, remote
The time or recompense. I'd write on the morrow
With "considerably" less sorrow.
Morrow is now, and again, more or less.
My arms have lost sensation; blood rushes
In exquisite channels, killing the flesh
Which falters, decathects, and pushes
Sullenly against each possibility it will survive
That self-same morrow's marrow keeping death alive
In order to die: Thus death by death
Defeats death; only once, this minor victory
Against all recompense or morrow, ironically.

The membrane of the Net speaks and catches ghosts
Deep within its claws of flesh; there are hosts
And servers, buried deep within its furrows.
Once the dead died, buried deep likewise in barrows
Where ghosts once later burrowed; now, these morrows
Shudder at the strain of wires; tombed, they foam
Within domain or other, search for home.
