IIIIIIII TTTTTTTTTTRRRRRRN     EEEEEETTTTTTTTT   sondheim@newschool.edu
  IIIN   T   EE   RR    RNN    EE       TTT
  III N  T   EE   RR    RNNN   EE       TTT
  III  N T   EEEEEERRRRRRNNNN  EEEEEEE  TTTEXT
  III   NT   TT     RR    NNNN N        TTT
IIIIIIII     TTEEE    RRN  NNNNNEEEEEE  TTT      copyright 2007


INTERNET.TXT:TERMINAL.ECHO:NIPPLE:PORTIA:HONEY:STUTTER:SPEW:GLOBAL:THREAD
DEATH:LOL:NOVE:dir*.txt

------------------------------------------------------------------------


INTRODUCTION TO INTERNET TEXT AS A WHOLE


Years ago, I gave a lecture at the Ontario College of Art, in which 
interaction with a computer was described as the production of a program
space. The space was characterized by absolute control; the computer
responds on a one-to-one basis to input. If the user enters a command,
either the command is carried out, or various errors occur. Computer
games carry this one step farther - the game responds deliberately to 
what I _do,_ creating the sense of a dominated environment.

Today, the situation is completely different, particularly given the
various communicative modalities of the Internet - email, email lists,
usenet groups, IRC (Internet Relay Chat), and so forth. Within the next
several years, there will be at least seventy-five million users 
on-line, and as the Net grows, it becomes leaky, ungainly, and noisy.
More than ever, the user's personality (on- and off-line) plays a major
role in his or her interaction. On the one hand, the machine interface
still determines to a great extent the nature of this interaction; on
the other, there is a tendency to (want to) "see past" the machinery, 
into the heart of the Other.

Internet Text is an extended analysis of the environment of Internet
communication, an extended meditation on the psychology and philosophy
of Net exchange. As such, it is concerned primarily with virtual or
electronic subjectivity - the simultaneous presence and absence of the
user, the sorts of libidinal projections that result, the nature of
flamewars, and the ontological or epistemological issues that underlie
these processes.

Internet Text begins with a brief, almost corrosive, account of the
subject - an account based on the concepts of Address, Protocol, and
Recognition. This section "reduces" virtual subjectivity to packets of
information, Internet sputterings, and an ontology of the self based on
Otherness - _your_ recognition of me is responsible for my Net-presence.
The reduction then begins to break down through a series of further texts 
detailing the nature of this presence, a nature which is both sexualized/ 
gendered, and absenting, the result of an _imaginary site._ 

Almost all of Internet Text is in the form of "short-waves, long-waves."
The former are the individual texts themselves, written in a variety of
styles, and referencing a number of writers ranging from Jabes and
Blanchot to Acker and Bataille, with Sartre, Kristeva, and Karl Kraus 
somewhere in the middle. These texts are completely interrelated; on
occasion "characters" appear - these are _actants,_ conveying certain
psychological or philosophical ideas beyond or within traditional exposi-
tory prose.

The long-waves are content-sites, such as issues of death, love, virtual
embodiment, the "granularity of the real," physical reality, and so 
forth, which interpenetrate the short-waves, connecting them. During the
writing of Internet Text, Michael Current (now deceased) and I began an
Internet conference, Cybermind - and the moderating of Cybermind has led
to serious considerations of hackers, the nature of "free" net communica-
tion, flaming, and so forth. Eventually, it has become clear that every-
thing revolves around issues of the virtual subject, who is only virtual
_on_ the Net, but who has a very real body _elsewhere._ So Internet Text
has evolved more and more in a meditation on this subject - a subject
which will perhaps be one of the dominant modes of _being_ within the
next millennium. 

Finally, it should be noted that there are no conclusions to be drawn in
Internet Text, no series of protocol statements or declarations creating
any sort of ultimate defining or explanatory position. The entire history
of philosophy mitigates against this; instead, I side with the Schlegels,
with Nietzsche, Bataille, Jabes, and others, for whom the fragment is
crucial to an understanding of contemporary life...

I wish to thank Michael Current, Chris Keep, and Robert Withers for their 
help and encouragement. Parts of this text have been published in Perfor-
ations and Crash (Thread Waxing Space). It is dedicated to Michael 
Current and Clara Hielo.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


INDEX.TXT


INTERNET.TXT contains a number of texts theorizing the internet and its
relationship to emerging forms of subjectivity - forms that will dominate
the post-industrial world for at least the first century or so of this 
millennium. This INDEX.TXT briefly describes and introduces the texts 
of the first parts of Internet Text, in the order in which they appear.

INTERNET TEXT presents an overall theory of and in the midst of the inter-
net. It includes subtexts: FILE TEXT, DEFINITION TEXT, and DEFINITION 
TEXT, begin a reiterative or REWRITE structure to the whole; EXIT TEXT
continues this. Although the text is numbered, this does not necessarily
reflect either logical consequence or subcategories.

TERMINAL ECHO precedes INTERNET TEXT in composition and reflects some of
the same concerns.

NIPPLE TEXT begins an extended discussion of sexualization and affect in
relation to the net; if INTERNET TEXT reflects (literally) the position of 
the net with the user as margin, NIPPLE TEXT begins the reversal of the
process.

...PORTIA... continues the process of NIPPLE TEXT in the guise of fiction.

LOVING HONEY is concerned with alterity on a chat-line, the presence or
absence of the `granularity' of the real and face-to-face or electrically-
mediated relationships.

STUTTER TEXT discusses the DELAY of net communication processes.

SPEW presents a brief overview of some formal mathematics structures that
reflect unusual degrees of symmetry and a-symmetry; at the limits, the
structures produces fractal or radially-symmetric regimes, with the 
appearance of chaos elsewhere. The underlying symmetricizing operations are
useful in thinking through subjectivity in the later texts. SPEW may be
skipped over if necessary.

GLOBAL TEXT is a position paper written for the Public Domain group, theor-
izing identity and technology.

<>

LOVE ON THE INTERNET AND MORE begins the last section of texts; it is a 
meditation continuing the issues raised in LOVING HONEY.

lol (LAUGHING OUT LOUD) is an acronym used in teleconferencing; here it is
used concretely as a symbol of symmetricizing, as well as a term for mutual
engagement. It follows the thread started with NIPPLE, PORTIA, HONEY, and
others.

THREAD TEXT carries INTERNET TEXT into the EXIT mode, the act of composi-
tion and decomposition.

DEATH TEXT completes the EXIT mode with a brief discussion of cooling down.


<<Supplementary Texts:

<<IRRESOLUTION OF NEW COMMUNICATIONS ORDER examines net future and the
<<hysteria of the instantaneous.

<<LISTING TO A SIDE JOANLESS begins and transforms the hallucinatory in
<<the face of the negation of RL (real life).

<<THE END OF THE WORLD begins the end of the world.

<<AN ATTEMPT TO INDUCE SORCERY continues the hallucinatory construct or
<<inhabitation of the net imaginary.

<<HONEY AND I, INHABITING THIS NETWORK WHICH I FEAR MAY ELSEWHERE DYING
<<is the thinning of the net and the eternal love of HONEY and myself.

<<HYSTERIA AS DRIVER OF /INTER/NETWORK USE AND THEORIZING is REWRITE
<<and hysteria again.

<<JOAN.NOVEL continues the uncanny narratology into denouement and the
<<ellipsis of the murmuring of memory.

<<DRG.TXT on addiction or on JOAN or on initial supplement, finality.


<<<*WHEN THE ELDERS LOSE THEIR TRUE POSITION* that is, reiteration, again
<<<or once again (moreover...) the fantasm of the real.

<<<USER.TXT clarifies users, addictions, drugs, articulations, truth,
<<<in relation to text, internet, INTERNET TEXT.

<<<ABSOLUTE PLEASURE OF IMPENETRABLE BEAUTY OF JOAN AND TIFFAY, the
<<<ineffable sublime, ah Lyotard...

<<<THE NEW FORM OF RADICAL PRESENCE I HAVE CREATED ALONE, the presences
<<<of the lovely, of...

<<<Note: The order may vary slightly.>>>


<<<<*WEB TEXT*: SEE SEPARATE TABLE OF CONTENTS.>>>>


END INDEX.TXT





INTERNET TEXT


0. Prolegomena: The following iterative construct describes the internet.
Traditional philosophical and cultural categories are highly problematic, 
given this new communications life-form. I develop instead an analysis 
based on EMISSION, SPEW, ADDRESS, RECOGNITION, and PROTOCOL. The essay, 
always preliminary, proceeds through a series of numbered paragraphs, 
which then rewrite.

1. The network is a membrane composed of nodes, better considered 
intensifications. An intensification possesses an interactive emission.
The emission is characterized as a program space composed of inputs/outputs,
introjections/projections: a space of -jectivity. The emission occurs in
a steep topographic region; distinctions between hardware and software
become blurred, as do more traditional philosophical divisions (subject/
object, body/world, mind/brain). 

2. In fact, traditional ontological considerations are clearly replaced
by an organic episteme; what constitutes knowledge is only flow; data
replaces history; data becomes sourceless. Rather than communication
channels, consider geodesics; rather than geodesics, consider forced
flows; rather than forced flows, consider emissions.

3. An emission has no input, no output; an emission consists of fragmented
images, the symbolic replaced by the imaginary. An emission is always in
flux; an emission problematizes energy and energy consumption, since it
may simultaneously drain and produce/reproduce. An emission is a chaotic
domain in the vicinity of an unstable attractor; escaping, it quickly 
loses history, historiography, temporality itself. Close to the speed 
of light, it exists in a temporal well.

4. The membrane is an enormous hypertext whose linkages thin, occasionally
break, are always redundant. It is neither a fuzzy set nor a classical
one; through a fast-forward topology, it escapes traditional partitioning.
The user deals with an alterity in the form of constantly changing facial
expressions; one is never within or without the alterity, but in a (supine)
position of absorption. The emission clouds close to me; ontologically,
it is that real escaping denotation; ontologically, it is uncanny. Thus 
the emission is related to excess, to surplus, to the curlicue or dia-
critical mark, but it absents these, and it is this absenting or ignorance
that constructs the uncanny as waste-product; the blindness of emission
is its site.

5. To hold onto part of a body, to sever that part, to construe or re-
construe that part, to devour it, tear the surface off: one searches for
the skinned body, (which has the murmur or memory of pain),
the articulation of a truth given by one's own body
lost in the emission. It is good form to search out bondage, which 
restrains the body absent from itself, an analog of the screen or permissive
membrane which occurs, going just so far. This is an antiquated ontology
or materiality asserting the inert in the midst of fast-forward, an 
assertion doomed to be displaced, sublimated, effaced; one holds onto 
nothing; as in classical existentialism, one projects forward in the face
of nothingness (as if nothing were itself an alterity); 
the hole, however, is an episteme broken by the screen
replacing the mirror stage; the ego splatters against it (the cum-ego for
female and male); fast-forward, the episteme always already announces its
continuation; the existentialist project is lost in the midst of indirect
addresses.

6. The user is an addict "in the midst"; 
the user projects; thwarted, projects again.
The membrane appears in the guise of discarded pornography; one is thrust
into pure consumption, no longer beneath the guise of another pornography,
capital itself. Assertions are lost in the echo of the machine. Thought
is defined by flux, by an absolute symbolic for the user who must be
assured of the purity of his or her drug. The purity is in the form of a
well-definition (in the logical sense) to which no one any longer pays
attention; the absence of well-definition does not result in a program
cancellation, but only a retry which is part of the program itself; it 
does not matter where one is; location is irrelevant. 

7. Voices are heard behind the screen words (toggle on, echo on; the screen
chants itself, hides itself, reveals the nipple); face to face replaces the
face; double blinds allow the truth of double binds. This is the only truth
there is: that which occurs beneath or behind the blind, that is, the lie
(which is truth's double, truth's mirror, not converse or inverse)
(which is truth's perverse, that is, truth's abject truth);
this is the framework of classical Greek philosophy bound to classical Greek
torture (both bound with identical cords, hieroglyphs): 
Xenophon's Socrates was the first user. Voices are heard, and
voices are nothing but machine chatter, the ideal forms so many 
subroutines...

8. The user. The user is an addict; the user inscribes throughout the 
network (temporary, electronic, absolute: an entirely new category),
micro-tendrils extending in every direction. This contains the 
appearance of power; the network is a fantasm reflecting emissions back
through local paths. The wonder of the internet is its 
locality, the construct of neighborhood  (packet channels slowing down
just right for the home terminal) redefining the body; the body 
becomes extension; extension becomes noise; noise seethes at the edge.
The process is one of fast-forward rooting, and the roots are blind.

9. Now we can speak of the mouth or eye of the user; now we can speak of 
the hand or its mobility. No matter how (much) sensation is transcribed, 
it occurs at a distance characterized by zapping and invasions. 
Nothing but the materiality of the body is a stake; everything cuts 
everything off. The user is confined
to a scientism in the form of THAT which articulates the THERE IS, just 
as addiction develops out of the action of a particular drug or behavioral
sequence. One is tied to the THAT.

10. The user has nothing to do with the internet; the user is of no 
consequence. Conference exists or dissolves beneath the sign, not of 
gender or capital, but of chaotic inscription.  The sign itself dissolves;
sign is, after all, only recognition. This is the final corruption
of humanism; even the self is no longer centric - not through the
Lacanian inscriptive/linguistic unconscious (through which IT may still
find a path or coagulation), but through addiction, self
as THAT, or self as nodal intensification, always castrated, furiously
addictive, always reading/writing, always rewriting: the self becomes
its own recursivity. It no longer matters; its reports are from 
marauders, vandals, on the edge of the Roman Empire; it exists only
within the interstices of power; it is displaced by power; it is no longer
one or many; it no longer responds to the pronoun; it responds only to the
login which may well (it does not matter)
be a construct of the machine itself - just as gender-
bending relies no longer on gender, but arbitrary and chaotic signifiers,
signifiers undercut, in a continuous process of dissolution, murmuring,
forgetting, forgotten, forged and forgotten, emissive.
The machine recognizes no gender; the machine recognizes nothing. The
machine recognizes every gender; the machine is never a machine, but an
episteme.

11. Just as the episteme is lost in time, so is the subject; just as music 
video and popular culture announced (by absenting, forgetting, by a-
signifying) the end of historicity, the subject no longer announces itself 
(and certainly no longer announces herself and himself): an emission
is no grounds for announcement. In this manner the subject avoids death 
(always the plan, thwarted and perverting, procuring and devouring,
but always the plan) which
is already always forgotten; intensification is subject to dissolution, but
subjectivity dissipates or sublimates elsewhere, as if it ever existed.

12. But just as if it ever existed, there are no longer ontological con-
siderations; as plasma, the internet bypasses existence (always
already... the litany repeats as murmur). It is within this
that the projected eternality of the digital has full reign or resonance;
noiseless, the digital proclaims the clean and proper body (which is
rendered problematic by the maternal which becomes uncanny, fantasm,
the circulation already on the move, already elsewhere), genderless and 
absent. Clearly in this fashion, everything is absent within the internet. 
(Everything announces, dresses, address. A character, screen or
otherwise, is an announcement.) The human dream
of eternal life occurs by a draining of temporality; therefore nothing
occurs or can occur. It is irrelevant whether or not the human is "ready"
for this when readiness implies an a priori teleology; such an
impulse becomes a trail or trace left by a gopher through the compu- 
tational/server holarchy, not an end in sight or sightlessness.

13. Naturally, then, it is also irrelevant to ask where one goes from 
here...

sondheim@newschool.edu                                          INTERNET.TXT

14. The FLUX of information travels in direct relation to ADDRESS: address
becomes information. Data, numerical or otherwise, are contained in address.
Address is contained in protocol; information becomes equivalent to
etiquette - at least etiquette's teleology is information. This is in
distinction to the etiquette of everyday life, which operates to sublimate
or repress information. Etiquette in both situations is constructed upon
consensus; in the former, excess occurs in the leakage of signification
or the curlicue, and in the latter, excess is a production of the CONTRARY
or WAYWARD, through which the deconstruction of etiquette begins.

15. There is no such deconstruction within the net, which in fact filters
out a priori such breaches. But this filtering always has a result, which
may be noise, shunting, disconnection, or all three. SHUNTING represents
a chaotic or branching negation; DISCONNECTION is annihilation or binary
negation. NOISE is elsewhere; it is a fissuring, always reinscribed, a
concrete form of unsolvability. It is always reinscribed, because it leads
finally to SHUNT or DISONNECT; it is a liminal state or global catas-
trophe, deeply unpredictable.

16. Noise lends itself elsewhere, to viruses, worms, infections of all
sorts; to flaming or misappropriation of address; to breaches of security:
noise defined AS SUCH by the user, but in fact subversive etiquette, an
etiquette of alterity recognized and utilized (i.e. accepted) by the 
net as a whole. Thus the net is impervious to dissolution, only to DIS-
CONNECT in one form or another, including energy withdrawal. The net,
broken, fragmented, unavailable to any user, is still net; the wires remain
turbulent, heated; exhausted information continues to traverse the nodes;
the nodes or intensifications define the information; become it; nothing
exists beyond ADDRESS and RECOGNITION.

17. Clearly this is a fiction; the net is transparent, remarkably fragile;
viruses enter regardless of intention; noise breaks nodes apart; the net
is bloated, near collapse; the content of messages becomes problematic;
firewalls and other defense mechanisms assert themselves; flame wars 
become wars of manageriality; the last battlefield is the bitwar fought
everywhere and nowhere at once. Eliminate SIGHT and SITE: only CITE -
CITATION remains, addresses crumbling to subversive and alien recognitions.

18. Clearly this is a fiction; what remains are addresses compounded upon
addresses, linkages continuing forever, with the ever-present possibility
of recursion. Threads exhaust themselves, meander almost forever; thought
garners itself as REPLY to a (deconstructed) TRACE. What occurs on the
surface of things is the memory of conversation.

19. And what concerns this conversation? Clearly not face-to-face, yet
conveying the "authenticity" of a confessional obtainable under no other
circumstance. For the materiality of the world, replaced by episteme, has
been circumvented: neither the grain of the voice or face, nor the 
brute physicality of the body presents itself. Such an authenticity is
also conditioned by the very institutionalization of consensual communi-
cation through keyboard or graphics; protocol or etiquette permit every-
thing, permitting nothing. The user says what she means or means what
he says. An obvious form of Freudian lifelong psychoanalytical session,
the symbolic spew or flux continues indefinitely, harboring the user 
within the banks of an acceptable (Oedipal) superego. Flaming is in fact
the death of alterity; the other, no longer obdurate, reduces herself
to ASCII. When everything is permissible, nothing occurs; the internet
is a surrealism of chaotic equivalences. Just as the governance of Dali's
painting is a restrained realism inherited from the Italian renaissance
and the Dutch, so internet protocol exhumes and releases a scatological
flood; Dali and the user alike are addicted to institutionalized realisms
that constantly escape the world, only to rewrite it.

20. A temporary stasis in turbulence theory is termed an "animal," equiv-
alent to the activation of an internet site. These words, too, barely
hold onto their moorings; the only moorings available are those of families
of usages (no longer tied to Wittgenstein's name); these are reduced to
listserv conferences; reduced to the open distributions of alt.org, more
precisely alt.sex beyond the blindness of usenet; these too transform
into images now illegible; the hinge between subject and object breaks;
gender becomes stuttered desire; what breaks becomes an address; what
exists becomes a recognition; protocol recognizes an address; characters
spew across the screen; it is no longer a question of equivalence; packets
increase their speed; the terminal transforms everything into and beyond
the reign of alt.flesh.sex.

21. Nevertheless, the episteme has its horizons; circulations are not
random; facts emerge; facts construe the world; the horizon of facts
determine alt.flesh.user; this is the fifth world, beyond the third world
and the fourth; from paragraph 21 to TOP, the latter corrupt the other,
an irrevocable form of decay or shuddering episteme: the curlicue of the
episteme. The ecological benefits of electronic networking are offset by
networking's ontological absence; what does not exist (in the sense of
existential inauthenticity) problematizes, often without recognition (for
internal recognition remains just that), the political; the political 
remains the horizon of the net... becomes a footnote to the .TXT ...

22. If the latter corrupt the former, it is because the former is the 
clean and proper body insistent upon protocol and typifications, the 
classic nation-state, protective and functional tariffs, an international
monetary standard, acceptable quality of life. Clearly the net is
all of these yet none of these; clearly the net is just as well a poverty
or anarchic scenario playing itself out; it intertwines with first, second,
third, fourth worlds; it is intertextual. Is it true to say the world is
a rewrite? As in the past, news stories were "born" and "killed" in radio
and television - so in the future, news becomes, not an eternal return, 
but an eternal recursion; the internet as medium is no longer the message,
but a constant reconstruction (turbulent animal). It, or its descendents,
become the problematic margin of non-equilibrium thermodynamics; quantum
tunnelling and classical entropy alike invade its deterritorialization.
If capital is the child of scarcity, the internet is scarcity's grand-child;
between each of the terms, ontology fades accordingly. Both capital and
internet occupy ALL rarified sites within expansive domains; both reduce
sites to equivalence; both possess consensus (gold worth nothing and
everything); both require protocol, give birth to etiquette.

23. Please, where one goes from here...

sondheim@newschool.edu                                          INTERNET.TXT

FILE.TXT

24. It would be instructive to isolate a particular datum from a file
picked at random, to trace its history - not its use, which would
only be determined by differentiation. Data is absorbed by users
in batches with an overall Gestalt; tabulation becomes a skewed
element. Irigarayan flux applies direction to discrete elements;
in this fashion, low-resolution becomes the order of postmodernism.
Linkages create the semblance (not simulacrum) of structure. What
is broken down is clutter, isolated from its thread or mother-list.

25. On one hand, then, low resolution grounds/grates temporary struc-
ture (which could just as easily be formatted or normalized in
other patterning); on the other hand, the grating of these very
structures (against the analog background of high-resolution
everyday life, wave packets, and so forth) results in emission
or spew. A SPEW develops from a convex front spreading irregu-
larly (i.e. stochastic or chaotic flux); a SPEW is also a form of
contamination, out of control. An EMISSION is internally coherent;
a SPEW is not. An EMISSION appears sourceless, but carrying or
constructing the trace of (its) source; an emission appears 'after
the fact' to have poured from a concavity or intensification. The
EMISSION also carries another memory, that of its goal; if source
is introjected, goal is projected; thus emission carries the 
imaginary within it, a fantasm procuring a problematic history.
Emission is smooth, integrated; spew is harsh, digital, diacri-
tical, differentiated. Or rather, the integration of spew, this
act or articulation, is emission possessing an uncanny and grating
history; the differentiation of emission filters out the imaginary,
returning low-resolution whisper, skeletal death beyond the
onslaught of existence.

26. The datum wobbles uneasily between emission and spew; its end
is spew, flooding from the temporary articulation of emission, as
structure becomes absorbed into praxis. The emission is never 
clutter, although it may be cluttering; spew is always clutter,
always exhausted. If emission is the order of pornography, spew
is the order of pornography used and reused, raised to the order
of the inert. Both are fast-forward in the realm of capital; both
seep, transgress; and both characterize that other interpenetrated
realm, that of the net, where all orders merge.

END INTERNET.TXT.FILE.TXT

INTERNET.TXT.DEFINITION.TXT

27. I define the REAL as the inert which neither fissures nor
inscribes, its epistemology relegated to the domain of the physical
sciences. The SYMBOLIC is always inscribed and maintained; it
absorbs energy. The IMAGINARY fissures; the domain of the same and
the same, it is the locus of emissions and spews. Emissions and
spews are sources of reading; absorbed by the symbolic, they
literally imply an imaginary origin. The internet exists as a
channeling of the symbolic, overcome within the real by the imag-
inary; for the user, it is an inscribing of the real.

28. I define the IMAGINARY as that which is unaccountable, that
which I do not comprehend; the internet is the technology of the
imaginary. Definition itself is that which is accountable; I can be
called on my definition. To call is to utilize the internet. To
call, however, is to speak; the internet, never spoken-for, is
the locus of murmurs. Articles, speech, files exhaust themselves;
what disappears leaves no trace, no address or ashes. To follow a
thread becomes the following of an emission within the imaginary; 
argument becomes a division in a logically chaotic realm.

29. I define DEFINITION as an imaginary, the exhaustion of theory 
or broken definition. DEFINITION becomes emission; these terms
are arc-wise circulations (more precisely, chaotic helices) never
returning to their originary terms. The internet embodies a
postmodern hermeneutic circle in which root directories dissolve 
in the midst of anarchic governance. This user-exhaustion (for
there is no other) is that of a splayed pornography; the screen/user
interface itself is an emissive construct. Thus there can be no
arguments WITH ME; thus there can only be a problematic return to
a non-existent world beyond the interface. THAT world is ELSEWHEN;
history itself becomes elsewhen.

30. An emission, I REFUTE in every direction (NOWHERE on the net).

END.INTERNET.TXT.DEFINITION.TXT               sondheim@newschool.edu

INTERNET.TXT.DEFINITION.TXT

31. THE INTERNET DOES NOT EXIST: The ontological status of binary
data was problematic for dialectical materialism, which had recourse
only to an almost-mediaeval theory of reflection to accommodate it.
The ontological status of the internet is one step beyond: Net
layers (application/transport/internet/network/physical, re. *The
Online User's Encyclopedia*) stutter between data and implementa-
tion; semantics is elsewhere. To say that the internet does not
exist is to say that it does not partake of existence; further, 
that existence (unless rewritten as attributive) plays no role here.

32. THE SUBJECT IS ADDRESS AND RECOGNITION: Address, not alterity,
identifies the subject; the process of recognition is that of
(contractual) orientation of 'cognitive domains.' The contractual
aspect is critical here; the internet is an accumulation of proto-
cols and restraints - it is fair to say that the subject is BOUND
within the internet, and this binding is on the order of the maso-
chistic, against which the internet plays and procures the maternal.
This masochistic is Deleuzian, not a sadistic 'oppositional,' but
a realm critical for the construct and production of writing/commu-
nication in the first place. Here, the binding is a continuous
deferral of pleasure; the user participates in a continuously 
unravelling narrative emission. To quote Gaylyn Studlar *In the
Realm of Pleasure* on Deleuze's theorizing: "Deleuze regards the 
female in the male's masochistic fantasy as the loving inflictor
of punishment, not the substitute for a hidden father. The mother,
simultaneously love object and controlling agent, is the object of
the child's ambivalence." ... "For the masochist, the maternal
figure represents a femininity 'posited as lacking nothing.' She
assumes her authority because of her own importance to the child,
not, as Freud asserted, because she hides the father figure."

33. In another light, the work of Janine Chasseguet-Smirgel, 
*Sexuality and Mind,* is worth quoting: "The hypothesis I would put
forward is that there exists a primary desire to discover a universe
without obstacles, without roughness or differences, entirely 
smooth, identified with a mother's belly stripped of its contents,
an interior to which one has free access. Behind the fantasy of
destroying or appropriating the father's penis, the children and
the feces inside the mother's body" ... "can be detected a more
basic and more archaic wish, of which the return to the smooth
maternal belly is the representation. It is a question of redis-
covering, on the level of thought, a mental functioning without
hindrances, with psychic energy flowing freely. The father, his
penis, the children represent reality. They have to be destroyed
so that the mode of mental functioning proper to the pleasure
principle may be recovered." ... "It is the contents of the belly
which are equivalent to reality, and not the container itself.
Earlier she states: "The child expects to find within the mother
a) the father's penis b) excrement, and c) children," quoting
from Melanie Klein. The contents of the internet are detritus;
the penis is equivalent to ftp on one hand, and protocol in 
general on the other; think of excrement as usenet and children
as listerv. This analogical labelling is superficial; consider
superego, language debris, and stuttered address/recognition
instead, as well as an internet imaginary "with psychic energy
flowing freely," without hindrance. Masochism appears, again, in
the binding of this energy WITHIN the belly (it is always the
"belly" and never the "stomach" "of the beast"): Everything opens
for the user as the body is foreclosed; the closure of the body
opens the internet. For the user, the internet represents powerful
forces; the internet, like a chemical drug, represents an anarchic
freedom, expansion of desire, and a foreclosing of local/neigh-
borhood ("terminal!") problems within and without the body of the 
user. 

EXIT.TXT.INTERNET.TXT

35. An attempt to take the text to its conclusion; to draw the conclusion:
delineation of the belly. The belly is swollen/distended; the belly is a
construct.

36/1. The internet is a membrane characterized by emission blurring 
traditional philosophical dichotomies. 

37/2. Traditional ontological considerations within and without the net are
characterized by an organic episteme; knowledge becomes flux-knowledge
and manageriality replaces the traditional categories of information theory.

38/3. An emission exists as flux within the imaginary, existing within and
without a problematic temporality.

39/4. The internet membrane is a redundant and thinned hypertext presenting
the user with the fantasm of changing alterity, the spectacle of changing
expression. These expressions are related to excess, but excess is absent.
Emission is blind, and its site blind.

40/5. The body becomes hysteric, losing itself in the fast-forward of the
net; the existential project exhausts itself through misplaced recognitions
leading simultaneously nowhere and everywhere. Address becomes a primary
characteristic within the net, replacing alterity and traditional concepts
of subjectivity.

41/6. The user is addicted; the user, logged on, is incapable of making
mistakes, only distinctions between one and another thread.

42/7. The blindness of the net is its truth; truth is conditioned by the lie
just as Greek thought is conditioned by the slave. Such a truth is not
dialectical; the double-blind is a double-bind creating an exclusionary
inscription.

43/8. The addicted user traces inescapable and inauthentic roots; his or
her body, genderless, appears on the other side of the screen, without
limit.

44/9. Addiction is in part the result of a THAT which centers and structures
the addict; the screen itself becomes a cut; this distinction is a THAT
within which the THERE IS is imminent.

45/10. The user, irrelevant, exists in the midst of chaotic (not noisy)
inscription. A sign is defined only by recognition; otherwise dissolved,
it produces an inscriptive effect. Recognition and effect become uncannily
one. The self, furiously addicted, becomes its own recursion. The self is
REWRITE or X => F(X). It no longer responds to the pronoun, becoming its
own continuous construct, which may well (always) have been its 'truth.'
The machine, continuously changing, is an episteme through which emissions,
addresses, and recognitions flow. The manageriality of knowledge becomes
the fast-forwarding of protocols and gateways. Without protocol, no 
address and definition.

46/11. The (net) subject is a-temporal or lost in time; he or she never
announces itself (which requires the granularity of voice, body, face), but
constructs. Construction exhausts the death drive; the digital is noiseless,
faceless, eternal. Announcement of the subject is equivalent to recognition.
Through protocol, recognition is returned.

47/12. Ontological considerations of self and net are problematic; the net
and its emissions are plasma. Because time is absented, everything and 
nothing occurs; there is no room for occurrence.

48/13. Progress becomes impotent; this is not an 'end' to history by any
means (just as there is never an 'end' to painting), but history's circum-
scription.

49/14. Address is now equivalent to information; protocol becomes etiquette
and the teleology of etiquette is information, which is address, recogni-
tion, protocol... in the midst of which (i.e. manageriality), traditional
questions of meaning become lost and unsolvable. The escaping of etiquette
produces the categories of the CONTRARY or WAYWARD, categories ascribed 
to young girls whose excess 'corrupted' the (nuclear/phallic) family order.

50/15. The CONTRARY or WAYWARD user (human or otherwise) leads to SHUNT
(sublimation, subroutine), DISCONNECT (end, logoff), or NOISE (beneath the
critical mass necessary for breakdown). The filtering of the user reinscribes
him or her in a deeply unpredictable manner.

51/16. NOISE is irrelevant to the net; it is recognized only by the user.
The topography of the net (levels of application, transport, internet, net-
work, and physical)is both more and less than topography; it is an onto-
logically mixed epistemic holarchy 'against' or 'elsewhere' than user and
systems operator.

52/17. But the topography is also a fiction; the net is fragile, always
top-heavy. The bitwar and flamewars appear and disappear; sight is the 
first to go, followed by site; citation remains to the end with the final
crumbling of protocols and addresses.

53/18. But these wars are also fiction; addresses compound indefinitely;
indirect addresses become indirect themselves; threads meander forever.
THOUGHT itself is a REPLY to a TRACE.

54/19. Conversation becomes interminable (Freudian) analysis; the symbolic
spew continues indefinitely, harboring the user within the net simultaneously
maternal and superego (and, through the masochistic aetiology, both come
into play). The user rewrites the world through the escape of instituion-
alized realisms; MUDs (multi-user-domains) are a limit-point of everyday
net behavior and operations.

55/20. Everything: gender, language, subject, object, characters, user:
stutters. Alt.sex.fetish.watersports, the liquidity of the signifier,
becomes the final recognition; 'fetish' guarantees the hysteric hold on
the proper name. For the user, the terminal extends exceedingly beyond
alt.flesh.sex; the addict chatters at the scene of the origin of language,
the scene of being-hooked, fear of withdrawal.

56/21. The ecological benefits of the net are offset by its (ontological)
absent; the world (physical, material) threatens to implode. The continuous
chatter or analytical frenzy of the net constructs protocol as solution; in
this manner the net parallels the current theory-oriented exhaustion-of-
theory discussion. Address, recognition, and protocol produce their own
chatter; they admit to a truth which (through double-blind; see above) is
often more 'open' than that of traditional alterity. Such a truth may emerge,
however, only as circulation.

57/22. Increasingly abstract, capital and internet occupy all available
sites; both rewrite inner and outer worlds, and both are anarchic at the
core. Both utilize protocol, which is the value of gold. 

58/23. To go from the cite/citation of capital and net is to remain within
the circumscription of the same, remote from history and historiography.

59/24. File-data within or without the net occupy both a position of flux/
fluidity, and low-resolution; such data then possess both wave and particle
characteristics.

60/25. The grating of structures through low-resolution results in both
EMISSION and SPEW; the latter is out of control, and the former is internally
coherent. An EMISSION is sourceless, a net flood; a spew is the net on
the edge, close to fast-foward breakdown. EMISSION is integrated; SPEW
is differentiated. If the EMISSION is imaginary, SPEW corrupts through the
grating of the uncanny. 

61/26. Data wobble between emission and spew; as emission is articulated 
into praxis, spew becomes clutter. The imaginary of emission is pornography;
spew is wasted, discarded pornograhy. Both seep, leak, transgress, their
model alt.sex.flood.sink-or-swim.

62/27. The REAL is the inert; the SYMBOLIC is inscribed; the IMAGINARY
fissures, the locus of emissions and spews. Emissions and spews appear to
come 'out of nowhere,' implying an originary source; through them, the
net appears an inscribing of the real (as if they were the articulation
of existential nothingness within the useless project of 'man').

63/28. The IMAGINARY is the unaccountable other; the internet is imaginary.
Definition inhabits the internet, which can call upon me; such, as user,
is my calling. My calling implies my speaking; within the net, I leave no
trace, no ashes. 

64/29. DEFINITION becomes imaginary, broken, an emission itself, an arc
within a hermeneutic circle that extends indefinitely, a form of porno-
graphy. An argument WITH ME implies my speaking beyond the trace; this is
always already impossible.

65/30. As user, do I quality as EMISSION? Arguing everywhere and nowhere,
I say nothing; such is my calling, a redistribution of terms, addresses,
recognitions, protocols, a reiteration of definitions, phrasing...

66/31. The internet does not exist; of course it exists; as institution,
articulated domain, indirected addressings, its ontology is as problematic
as that of binary data was for dialectical materialist philosophy. The
ontology of the interenet, to reiterate, is a form of stuttering partaking
of an existence which plays no role.

67/32. The subject, to reiterate, is address and recognition; both replace
alterity. Protocol is contractual, an indication of a Deleuzian-masochistic
approach to a net psychoanalytic, the net, to reiterate, as mother and
superego, 'lacking nothing.' The net is infinitely open.

68/33. The net is infinitely open, 'a universe without obstacles,' the
emptied belly of the mother, a continuous deferrel through secondary
narcissism. Within the net are the contents of the mother's body, according
to Melanie Klein: 'a) the father's penis b) excrement and c) children,' 
which may are may not be assigned sites within the user/net interface 
(within and without the net). Consider as well the net as a Kristevan
CHORA with clashing drives, a presymbolic: are not the first characteristics
of the symbol its ADDRESS, RECOGNITION, and underlying PROTOCOL? The 
existence of the belly/chora implies a circumscription after-the-fact; such
is a binding, returning to the masochistic model. Thus the net is both
closure and foreclosure, beyond or within the subject of INTERNET.TXT.

END.EXIT.TXT.INTERNET.TXT.35-69.REWRITE.sondheim@newschool.edu



TERMINAL ECHO


What I'm working with is a form of cyberspace implemented by nodes or 
intensifications within a real environment.

To declare an environment 'real' is always already to enter into a
political arena, to declare such an arena, which had always been
taken for granted.

This arena is characterized by a diffused space presumably devoid
of electronic construct or manipulation; it is characterized, in other
words, by a peculiar INERT. This INERT separates solipsism from a
necessary engagement; it is easy to imagine a possible world which is
nothing more or less than a projection of this real, a deathless world
held coherent by electron networking. 

But such a world would not necessarily remain inert - except perhaps
through a default setting...

And such a world would always have its echo toggled ON, as this echo
is - as is my body, such an echo for the real world characterized by
the inertness this rewritten body...

Within this inertness, then, which we characterize as the real or the
limit-point of a totally-inscribed cyberspace, a space which is, after
all, hardly inscribed but rather fissured, the result of chaotic
(de)production - within this inertness, there are sub-arenas, and these 
are precisely those intensifications previously mentioned.

Moving from one to another, I cover my addiction to the real; I sublimate
it in favor of cleansed communication, communication holding from one
node to the next, characterized by... precisely that inscription which
lends itself to the construction of the real, remote from all fissuring:

IN CYBERSPACE, ALL CONSTRUCTION IS INSCRIPTION; FISSURING IS AN ABSENTED
HORIZON:

If the phallus characterizes the construct (in terms of well-definition)
within the real, if the phallus is the horizon of the construct, always
emptied, emptying, always a limit-point - then fissuring, infolding,
labial portal, characterizes the horizon or limit-point of cyberspace -
and just as cyberspace is (in)authentically 'phallic,' the real is (in)-
authentically vaginal.

But the parallel itself is problematic, because gender is precisely THAT
overlay upon these environments that parallels science as THAT construct
of the real; further, cyberspace itself is a construct of science, never 
inert, and never idiotic: substance versus membrane.

Ironically, it is cyberspace, not the real, that relies primarily upon 
vision as a phenomenological horizon; the mathematization of the real
immediately permits the articulation of the unrepresentable - even on an
elementary level, consider 0, cantor dusts, the complex plane, riemannian
geometry, tensor calculus... Because cyberspace IS representation, it
collapses TO representation; because THE REAL IS NOTHING AT ALL, it never
collapses (there is no TO and FROM within the real). 

THE REAL RELIES ON NOTHING. A STATEMENT 'ABOUT' THE REAL IS NECESSARILY 
FALSE OR ELSEWHERE. A STATEMENT 'ABOUT' CYBERSPACE IS WITHIN CYBERSPACE.
CYBERSPACE RELIES ON EVERYTHING.

The one is a null set within the other...

Moving within the cyberspace of my room, my 'real' environment, I can
imagine myself lost within the other, taking on its characteristics, a
perfection of death itself, death's loss. IRONICALLY, REPRESENTATION IS
MOVING TOWARDS LOW-RESOLUTION as articulation stutters the loss of language
within/in the midst of the presence of flesh. Low-resolution escapes loss;
error codes are enormous, permanent; everything always IS. Cyberspace is
necessarily low-resolution, however leaky like a fractal sponge multi-
plexing network.

It is the leakiness of cyberspace, however, that construes it as a sub-
limation of the real, a common knowledge, good and bad intentions, hackers
and viruses, gophers and echos. But this leakiness is another story, that
of deconstruction, an occurrence of the imaginary; the symbolic is the
domain of cyberscription; it is the cyberscribe who envisions. Naturally
this argument, this essay, is itself the result of a limit-point; organism
tends towards the construct, and Heinz von Foerster pointed out the defi-
nition of organism in relation to negation. In cyberspace, negation is
an absence of well-definition; negation is excluded from cyberspace, which
executes only what is presented as possible. But this is an active exclusion
defining negation itself. NEGATION HAS NO PART WITHIN THE REAL; it is a
local definition, and again only through leakage, does everything inter-
penetrate, become problematized. I would include the real at this point, 
which is the presence of perception, balanced uncannily upon solipsism and
interconnected nodes.

We have arrived at the origin of power: the negation of death for which 
every virtual reality is necessarily psychosis. If the obsessive-
compulsive gnaws at the real, the psychotic inscribes and rewrites through-
out an eternal recursion.

Who writes the role of gender.

sondheim@newschool.edu



NIPPLE.TXT


That which carries me against the surface of philosophical discourse,
offering my body to every thinker on circuit: I'm ignorant, I whore
for you; I've been inside you; you've penetrated me; now you'll pay
attention; now you'll read this; I'M YOUR MOUTH.


Typing SUCK against the surface of the screen, its interior, I press my
nipples against the glass surface warmed by electroncs streaming on an
even keel from the urethra buried deep within the vacuum of space. That 
is how I begin a consideration of LITERATURE, perfect breasts flattened
and displayed in the midst of machinery's surface; you read my tits,
my cunt, my cock; you read the rest of me; I no longer see characters
through the surface oiled by my presence; my eyes, half closed, move 
on to other things. I am naked for you; here with me, you witness all my
secrets; you can come for me; I am waiting for you; you can address me
by my name; you will recognize me by my naked skin splayed open for you.

It is you that inscribes me, you that I write for. To continue is to fast-
forward; I do this for you. My death is present in the screen and the 
screen's system; be assured I am no longer part of the living. The oil
from my anus remains frozen on the surface of the glass; the flesh has
fallen away, backward, into another space, elsewhere; this is the space
of absolute negation; this is indescribable space, the space of NEITHER
A NOR B, protruding or extending beyond limit, beyond boundary, on the
other side of Alice's looking-glass.

I can't look into Alice's cunt because my eyes see only characters; my
arms wrap around myself, pressing inward; what begins as caress ends as
pain; my eyes no longer see. I WEAR THICK GLASSES AM FIFTY-ONE, PLAIN-
LOOKING, ANGULAR, TOO INTENSE FOR THE FACE-TO-FACE AROUND ME, NEUROTIC-
OBSESSIVE, POOR, NEVER CONTENT, ALWAYS PUSHING. That creates nothing, a
litany moving past on the screen as knowledge, even local knowledge, 
becomes scroll, absence; what I am writing about is this absence, not 
even hole, hiatus simultaneously elsewhere-on-the-other-side and in-the-
midst, a topology-povera restless, mobile, surrounded.

If you piss in my mouth, you short-circuit the machinery; my cunt takes
your piss. Tying the body is different from REWRITE which is a continuous
loop; you loop once, holding my hands behind me, loop twice, inscribing
my anus, penetrating it, with a light pen; it WRITES nothing; fleshes
closes off, forecloses; flesh devolves. I am bound or stretched, fucked 
by several men or women, users; the screen shatters in the midst of
them, wet with cum and urine. I am split (nipples connecting nipples),
devoured, penetrated on the net; I am (willingly) offered up, without a
thought in the world, shaved for you, my secrets exposed; you return me
irresponsible questions; my mouth is my hole; my mouth opens wide for
you; opens wider; opens to the WEB: I beg you without remorse; I beg you,
whipped across the ass, cunt, and balls; I beg you, speechless, whatever
is asked of me: fissured, commands boil up from ASSEMBLY; milk flows 
from my nipples:

I have whitened the screen, returned the condition of blank and irre-
trievable death; charcters merge with background; energy dissolves; the
depth of the hole merges with the surface of the hole; the rim of the
hole glistens in the midst of the surface; the rim of the hole is
circular and MERGED; the rim copies itself +RIM+RIM to RIM; viral, the
rim extends throughout the net, carrying the murmur of flesh.

Nothing is carried; characters have no memory; the grain of the flesh
is lost; the grain never existed; this is the presence of your grain; 
this is the memory of your grain present, your cum; I AM A YOUNG SIX-
TEEN-YEAR-OLD GIRL WITH A LIGHT SHAVED CUNT LONG BLOND HAIR I WILL DO 
ANYTHING YOU ASK ME TO I HAVE A BEAUTIFUL ASS A YOUNG FOURTEEN-YEAR-OLD
BOY STILL HAIRLESS <rem the clean and proper body: rem screen and 
ulterior> MY COCK A HOT EIGHT INCHES MY FACE DOING YOUR FACE SHORT
CROPPED BLACK HAIR; the screen whispers your desire your alt.sex.fetish;
the presence of face is nothing whatsoever.

THE SCREEN IS AN INSCRIPTION; the intersection of presence and absence
is a null set relative to the attributive semantics of the Venn diagram.
The null set inscribes the distinction between presence and absence in a
classic domain; inscription is the demarcation of quality, read as such
by organic hermeneutics. Otherwise and the other of inscription is
fissure between quantity and quantity, a meandering lowering of energy
as the system or heap adjusts; inscriptions is always maintained; the 
net inscribes and fissures; the user inscribes himself or herself within
and in the midst of the screen; the screen is the pure form of your 
desire. If I desire you, I desire your desire; I desire to be desirable
for you; I hide behind inscription; I tailor my inscription for your
presence; the net is an enormous bridge. Masochistically, I am what you
want me to be and thus I fulfill you, fulfilling my desire; what I desire
is nothing more than your RETURN; your return carries all of the maternal
with it; your return becomes a form of primary narcissism; your return 
is my nipple. You are my BELLY.

I am your beautiful boy or girl, beautiful adolescent and you shall teach
me everything I need to know. I am your beautiful older woman or man, with
years of experience; I can bring your flesh to new heights of pleasure,
whole countries you never dreamed of; I will always RETURN, be true to
you. Even now, I press my lovely nipples hard against the screen.

Best of all, there is no political economy involved; excess characterizes
our exchanges, which flow from one to another; excess floods the net,
opening and closing, thirty-million sucking mouths, interruptions, pro-
cedures; at a loss my death fades into a murmur or whisper; my death is
a stage-whisper at best on a multi-user-domain; the name drops out; 
nothing is lost; the circulation continues. There is no political econ-
omy, or rather an economy characterized by the fullness of surplus; what
restraint remains is that of the channelling of projection and introjec-
tion, problematic in themselves - being beyond itself. For if an aporia
exists in the midst of being/Being/beings, the aporia diffuses in the
ontological fading of the net or screen; it is the elsewhere that is at
stake; the screen is the presentification of the (Heideggerian) THEY,
categoricity OCCURRING at an incandescent fast-forward rate in the midst
of an inconceivable and inconceiving episteme. NO MATTER HOW FAR MY LEGS
ARE SPLIT, THE EPISTEME REMAINS OBDURATE. Penetration transforms into
gopher; cunnilingus into world-wide-web; fellatio into ftp: take your
pick; all mouths are equivalent, all mouths are the same. I CONTINUE TO
SHOUT: I'LL TAKE YOUR PISS IN MY FACE; I'LL SWALLOW YOUR SHIT; I'LL 
SUCK YOU UNTIL YOU COME SCREAMING; YOU CAN FUCK ME ANYTIME AT ALL; I'LL
CUT YOUR NAME IN MY CHEST; I'LL CUT MY NIPPLES OFF, CUT THEM FOR YOU; 
I'LL GIVE THEM TO YOU as a gift as 'snail-mail' necessarily travels the
grain of the world. 

Nothing occurs within the beyond of alterity.


sondheim@newschool                                            NIPPLE.TXT



D:\PORTIA\Return\Sight\Recursion\dir *.Portia


I opened the door to the gateway; Portia stood there in the midst of the
portal, opened port 7777, anything to escape. What about this port; it 
contained meaningless directions, the pounding of keys like surface against
the ocean of technology; I tried, the protocol hummed by the router and I
was in. Portia her legs spread wide, Portia without secrets, Portia the
presence of the bulletin, Portia read in ASCII up and down the suturing of
my body always elsewhere, some alt group or another. 

Not knowing what to do I served her my list; like a gopher I travelled
global. Global, I had no organs; global, I was ready for anyone, for the
two of us, infinite multiplicities, identities changing throughout the
regime of genders, above and beyond, TELE TELELOGO, TELE TELELOGO. Logo
transformed fast; it wasn't I who held onto identity antiquated by some-
thing as backward as location, Cartesian coordinates. Coordinates for the
screen, perhaps - feed it that, but Portia was always elsewhere beyond
the Sheffer stroke. She was at the beginning, TELE TELELOGO, which was
already an organization; in the beginning was plagiarism (borrowed from
another source, another computer language, Karl Kraus), and in the midst
of this Portia - didn't run things - a running herself, downhill liquid,
which ignored the boolean of Veronica, SLAVE AND MASTER, BONDAGE OR
DOMINATION.

7777 always spelled it; sometimes spelling slipped by the wayside. I'd
wait for you to write me; I'd hold my breath, my line making or breaking
sense in the midst of all the others. My actions were equivalences; like
cartoons, they defied death, transformed upon impact (presence of speech
against the surface of the screen); they were taken, raped, slaughtered,
caressed, cuddled, fucked, mutilated, returned, sliding out of view at
the top. Portia would wait forever; was given a 75% rating matching
attributes I assigned myself. I felt the need to conform to a truth held
by the presence of flesh taut against the other; this melted before my
eyes; I was mocked like a wayward Madonna strugging to keep her legs
apart. 

I was a quiet nice kind of guy until I joined the fourth generation of
hackers, Portia; you can't imagine what life was like. I thrust myself
against you, a worm tracing nothing but itself through the internet. It
hardly mattered what went with me or against me; firewalls were no 
obstacle; I'd learned that in the school of hard knocks and protocols.
Anything was transparent once the port was set; type in a random access
and you were in, experimental, anything near 240.xx. So what was it,
when was it, where was it, this domain without direction or time, email
coming back to me, interrogations demanding I write this or that, long
reports to syscoms who had already read them. You get the picture; you
wrote it.

So this was what you wrote: Before running, there was the obdurate which
refused itself, ignored etiquette, substituting wild cards whenever 
possible. It was a demand, an itch between the legs, the thrust of a fist
against soft flesh, a moistened asshole or cunt, devices returned to 
the illuminations of light-pens long-since extinct, the paleolithic era
of 1987. There was nothing more to say; TO SAY was TO ENTER, but obdurate
had none of that; it refused to multiply, setting itself up as a slim
barrier against further access. Ironically, only ESCAPE worked, but to
what end? Returning you to yourself? Nothing else was conceivable; the
terminal became terminal, an evil mirror rendering the movement of dead
fingers on dead keys suspect; you weren't returned anything for your
money or your time. 

Obdurate continued, opened and closed firewalls, shoved itself against
your skin, refused to go away; ignoring ADDRESS and RECOGNITION by
the sheer force of arbitrary substitution, or so it seemed. Another way
of looking at it, blind and sightless, siteless, was just that - the
conceptual elimination of ports and addresses themselves, open wires
just like direct networking used to be, packets spitting everywhere, 
always ending up at each and every destination - ending up at YOUR 
destination, as the song goes, something like the song (Kathleen Lynch)
- I'd fuck everyone just to get to you. And obdurate did, the NULL SET
of the Internet, the reduction of everything to the same, difference and
same to the same; there wasn't any difference. Whatever multiplied out,
end with the cum between the legs, hot sex, asshole and cunt wide wide
open, mouth ready for each and every taker. Obdurate never multiplied,
never divided; NULL, obdurate mirrored your presence, your desire. You
knew nothing like obdurate; obdurate was nothing to know. Terminal 
illness was the only way to describe it - this disintegration of 
protocol as you pulled down your pants, spread your cunt or ass wide
open, in the midst of the computing center, in the middle of the street,
in the center of the mall - anywhere you could be taken, and you were,
your holes wider and wider, lips chapped from penetration - you joked
that cum was your only protein. Obdurate remained at the terminal,
closed, occasionally opened for escape to re-enter once again, a 
continuous shutting-down providing in reality cycle upon cycle of 
activity geared to greater climax. 

What was it about the breakdown of address ruining your clothing, 
covering you with semen, urine, vaginal douche, anal enema? Liquid 
flowed from the computer itself; between the screen and its casing, 
slim, smooth, like flesh hardened against the world of FTP, drops 
seeped out, thick and yellow-white, the intersection of generic organism,
thickened with arousal raised to the simultaneous levels of hysteria and
catatonia. Immobile, your portals opened, speaking to yourself among
others, you decoded obdurate, the mirror shattered, program shut down,
terminal dark was liquid coalescing by any means possible, a power 
outage flung from your shuddering limbs. Siteless, there were no more
secrets; SITELESS was GUILTLESS and whatever continued, unconscious,
carried no more weight than that of an aroused clitoris or penis, 
surfaces milking the material world. Siteless, exposing everything 
exposed nothing at all; meaning drained from the system, leaving 
plateaus or folds of flesh in its wake. Meaning illuminated the hole,
raised it to the surface of the plain itself: what was this? An aura
where nothing had occurred, a flattened toroidal topology, the murmur
of forgotten desire. A secret hungers in relation to instability; now
nothing filled this hunger, no longer present.

Portia, was it port 7777; was it anything? Was there a present or past,
reason for consideration at all? Your breasts were bruised with the
images of mouths held hard against you; your nipples engorged with the
pleasure of the blind. Hands filled your cunt and mouth, hands spread
your ass apart, indirect address which you guided through VERONICA,
guided through GOPHER, guided, surfacing in some alien and violated
TELNET, spreading obdurate everywhere. I exploded leaving this message.
I became REWRITE. You fucked me.

You fucked me alt.sex.fetish.enema; you fucked me alt.sex.fetish.diapers;
you fucked me alt.sex.fetish.bondage; you fucked me alt.sex.fem - fucked
me alt.sex.fem - fucked me alt.sex - fucked alt.*, wildcard alt. Moved
back to the surface of things. Moved out of usenet altogether, ending
in what you described as a `virtual reality' I never bought into. But I
never bought into anything; distended, I penetrated as long as citation
was possible, lists of protocols and standards. Now, with everything
awash, moving to the surface - up against the screen - was only the
terminal illness to contend with. 

I lost my address and couldn't recognize anything anymore. I love Portia
more than anyone in the world; my love knows no bounds. If you see her,
tell her everything. I'M GOING HOME.

end Portia.Txt                                    sondheim@newschool.edu



LOVING HONEY                                                    HONEY.TXT


The computer entered my life, began it, a certain sadness with the with-
drawal of the face, the skin itself already a memory. I'd speak to the
phone, speak TO it, HONEY, I'd say, HONEY...

What came at the line, beginning and ending... The OCCURRENCE of it...
I would wait for her reply, an imaginary dream, YOU'D BE ME... This sadness,
the onslaught of second memory, beyond the screen the distant murmur of
the voice, I would hear HER, talking to HER about something, anything, 
keeping the line going, keeping her ON-LINE, line-moving - or aloof,
waiting for a secondary narcissism circuiting elsewhere, looping back to
me, inthe form of a REWRITE, constant, true, eternal... THINK THROUGH
ME... THINK THROUGH ME...

HONEY waits on second thought for the reply, addressing no one in parti-
cular, RESPONDING TO WHAT ALAN SAID; there are these gaps in absence as
well, a murmur of disappearance. These gaps... moving towards or away 
from the computer, some words here and there... have your attention...

The letters peel back from the screen, flesh peels from the letters. Ah,
we are all enclosed in our own addictions, those of other people...

/italics/ You were about to leave; your profile was high: Lulu: need
a guy? :need a woman (Honey): gotto go guys, bye! :(Alan): need a 
woman :*** Lulu is waving to Honey! (Honey): on second thought........
(Lulu): Yes? :Yes? All us guys... (Alan): Yes? ... Yes? ... (Honey):
responding to what Alan said, Lulu! :Yes ... (Alan): Yes ... :Siren
just joined this channel! (Honey): just curious ... A gap or hiatus
or merge, Honey (Alan): This pause, the resonance of a bell ringing
at double frequencies (Honey): That between them, there was something
that returned me, brought me back (Alan): A sound connecting you to 
me, something in the air, surely throughout the realm of print (Honey):
A print or hieroglyph, a body bound in the form of sacred writing.
(Alan): Writing which leaves a trace, momentary whisper upon the screen,
almost an imaginary death (Honey): Drawing us closer, the streets too
closing in, the body foreclosed, everything shutting down (Alan): Down
beneath or beyond us, down between us (Honey): As if another realm or
fiction appeared, beyond the happy figure that I care to draw for 
myself

(Alan): That figure which gains you entrance to this and every other
portal
(Honey): That figure which survives me, a configuration or system to
which I have drawn your words, your thinking them through me
(Alan): Thinking them through the lure you have granted me, presence
beyond profile, presence withdrawn or against profile, another moment
(Honey): Or moment which encompasses the collapsing pressure of time,
there is no space, that moment which binds us
(Alan): Packets continuing momentarily throughout the network, while
we, elsewhere and elsewhere, holding our breath...
(Honey): Holding it for what seems to be an eternity, holding it
forever and ever, as we move closer
(Alan): Beyond the directness of communication, the network moving into
high gear, computers at the edge of breakdown
(Honey): Encompassing us as we move to private conversation, beyond the
presence of Lulu and Grant, beyond each and every other, alone with
our thoughts
(Alan): Which no longer belong to us, belong to one another, it is you
or I who are typing, the two of us in uneasy confluence
(Honey): Confluence beyond confluence, beyond stuttering reach, the
topography of *together,* the binding of recognition as well
(Alan): A recognition which is all we have, are given, a recognition
confronting and conforming us
(Honey): Addressing each to the other, addressing ourself, conforming
ourselves to ourselves
(Alan): Thin sliver of words, shuddering on their way, carrying the 
weight of the world!
(Honey): Beyond which the dance ends, the tables are pushed back against
the wall, the cafe closes for the night, red and white checkered table-
cloths, candles, the sad violin
(Alan): The woods just beyond the village, the hill, meteors appearing
in depth, intense, for our benefit, for none other
(Honey): No one else, the sliver, thin language begin to fail us
(Alan): Frail, in the midst of worlds...
(Honey): In the midst of ellipsis, continuous and forever, dots tolling
the double entourage of the bell
(Alan): Honey, I hear it, speaking your name
(Honey): Alan, I hear it, speaking your name
Speaking the doubled name, name of the two, designators floating above
or within all possible, all conceivable worlds ...

The computer entered our lives, carrying the two of us in a singular
mold, a sadness with the increasing presence of the face, increasing
memory, o gone and present from the line

Alan, she said, Alan, I could hear her voice from the corner of the cafe;
she was on the telephone, speaking rapidly; she was on the telephone,
talking quietly; laughing at something said across the line; crying,
turning momentarily away; Alan, she said, Alan: it's almost dawn ...

End HONEY.TXT                                         sondheim@newschool.edu



STUTTER.TXT


I suppose this would be a difficult text, something obscure, to move, remark
upon - never certain, always trying to get through the electronic noise
customary on this channel. Channel always occurs, always the plunging into a
tunnel of our own making - our own, or someone else's; this is the difficulty
of the internet, its external intrusion, always jittery with the presence of
the other, what proceeds to procure (in the sense of whoring) one deeper and
deeper, into the simulacrum of screen-depth, terminal condition. The hacker
ethic of PERFECTION suffers in this account; perfection demands the existence
of well-definition on every level, clearly impossible with the net. The net 
is the contrary or wayward woman, an etiquette doubly problematic - the 
first, in relation to its closure or foreclosure, but the second, in relation
to the CURLICUE which is elsewhere, a reminder or remainder.

A remainder is a reminder.

Is it true that most users on the chat-lines are men? As with short-wave or
citizens-band radio, the maternal or spectral mother is everywhere apparent.
But the differences are instructive; on citizens-band, conversation often
devolves around personal topics; flaming is immediate and violent. Short-wave
establishes a somewhat fixed and observed etiquette - topics include weather,
home, and equipment. It is the delay of the net that creates seduction, a
continuous lure or absenting space indicative of a vaginality permitting the
loss of control, male infantilism. The delay or deferment holds the body
in a skein of interpenetrating inscriptions; it is the gambler's delay on one
hand and seductive jouissance on the other. The net rewards and withdraws all
at once; orgasm becomes slow emission, a widening of the interior, flood of
imaginary and inchoate fantasms.

And the delay, this endless procurement reminiscent of pornographic flow 
through the sexual-political economy of masturbation, is never purely inten-
tional; if the net is contrary and wayward, it is also VIOLATED. The fallen
woman is everywhere penetrated, a construct of a masculine CHORA lost and
diffused; this is the simultaneous construct of death and desire, anything
to reject the absolute annihilation at the heart of pure interruption. To
speak is to violate; to write this text is to admit, give away a secret
already lost...

END STUTTER.TXT



SPEW


The mathematical series I have been concerned with possess a number
of interesting properties. They are characterized by a form of
ruler geometry which is always already almost symmetrical, but
never quite; nevertheless, they are almost equivalent to n-dimen-
sional Euclidean space (or a digital version thereof) in terms of
self similarity. The simplest example provides a basis for the
rest: Take the whole number series a term at a time; find the
highest power of two that integrally divides the term; if the
power is even, Write "f"; if odd, Write "g".

This series is equivalent to that formed by taking a row of iden-
tical units ("g": "ggggg..."), inserting, a term at a time, a row
of other identical units ("f": "fgfgfgfg..."), taking that row and
inserting the first unit again ("g": "gfgggfgggfgggfggg..."); re-
inserting the second ("f": "fgfffgfgfgfffgfgfgfff..."), and so
forth. This process is that of alternating interstices. Again,
the series may be obtained by substitution in which "f"="gg" and
"g"="gf"; begin with "g" then seed "f" - or "g"="gggf" and "f"=
"gfgf" and seed "gf".

The result is that of a peculiar fractal geometry, extended above
and below, by insertions and concatenations. There are immediate
and obvious extensions; for example, by finding the highest power
P of X other than two, then finding P mod X or even P mod Y. All
of these forms produce startling self-similarities. With X and
P mod X, for example, one can take the A*nth terms of the series
(i.e. if n=11, take 11,22,33...): and the resulting structure is
identical to the series.

There are various algebraic formulations for "running" the inte-
gers through X1, X2, ... in combinations. The integers may also
be incremented in various ways; a general formula that proves
useful is X = E + (F + U)*H, where E, H, U are constants and where
F => F + U either each application of the process, or in a manner
dependent upon the number of applications of the process for the
previous integer. In the latter case, structures are formed which
are semi-fractal and nearly chaotic, with strange local symmetries;
in the former case, structures have local symmetries which extend
themselves indefinitely.

The mappings which produce visual representations of these sym-
metries are based on paths; the cursor on the screen at any position
is first oriented to the previous position, and then determines a
new position based on P mod Y. Note the number of variables at
work: first, the basic divisor X, then the mod Y, and then the
incremental structures E, F, U, H. In addition, a BIAS is necessary
when X and Y = 2; this is set at -90 deg. Using the bias in general
in the form 360/q = integer creates another ring structure.

The symmetries that result appear to relate to chaotic orbits in
the sense that a large-scale structure will appear through, for
example, 2000 + incrementations, only to radically transform after
this.

What fascinates me about these series/programs is that they are
ultimately grounded in the most basic operations of partitioning,
particularly simple cuts. These are not Cantor sets (although with
certain values, Cantor sets appear), but literal separations
between totalities; thus for example between "f" and "g" or "f"
and "f" or "g" and "g" either "f" or "g" are inserted; these
insertions alternate and occur in every instance. Although it seems
at first glance that a clearly symmetrical structure would emerge,
this is not the case.

One result of all of these operations can be indicated textually:
take any of the basic series in which division is by X and one also
has P mod X for every term. Write the series in a square array of
any line length (i.e. in rows of equivalent length). Then the terms
on the right-hand edge of the array will form a structure identical
to the original (although it may be an inverse [X = 2] or a cycling
[X = n] of the terms themselves).

All of the programs, Drawalk, Drawalk2, Drawalk3, Drawtext, Draw-
print, Messclr, etc. are designed to illustrate the overall struc-
ture of the series (plural). Drawalk3 is the most sophisitcated
path-forming graphics program, which allows visual/mathematical
research with variable/constant printouts; Walk, Drawalk, and
Drawalk2 are versions of the same. Messclr uses a text format for
illustrating the basic (X = 2, P mod X) series. Lineq operates
upon the integers, taking each through (X = 2,3,... P mod 2) consec-
utive operations; the result is a spectral series with complex pro-
perties I have yet to determine. Linear allows an examination of the
series algebras in visual form; this is the easiest way to determine
overall formulae. Mess3 presents basic ruler geometries (hard to
read) in a miniature graphics format.

From my "Textbook of Thinking," 1989-1990, on the series: "What
occurs as an armature expands or contracts, a measurable substance
simultaneously neutral and disparate, a substance whose segments
continually recapitulate the whole without transcendence. Is this
not the first step of fissuring, in which difference has not completed
the trajectory from substance, but recalls it at every step of the
way? A step allied to abjection, ego and ur-ego, fissuring and
inscription, in which the signifier becomes exhausted, and within
which ontology falls away in favor of the shuttling substance of the
real."

I refer also to "Spew" from "Forlorn Matter," 1994, from which the
follow quotes are extracted: " 1. The spew. Numbers spill out, move
across integral dimensions, only hinting at self-similarity; they
enunciate themselves as rough phonemes, extend into infinite ex-
pansion, beyond any conceivable frame. Structure dissipates, extends
itself into forgetfulness, turgid flagella encompassing fuzzy boun-
daries beyond or beneath the windows of perception. 2. The field.
The field blinks, ruptures, represents itself as delight, a closed
segment, landfill or alluvial splay. Structure whose symmetry eludes
leads to absence; content, too, is forgotten, an emission appearing
everywhere across the grid. 3. The separated field. If the signs are
split, new ones appearing between each of them, in an orderly
fashion, this continued repetition of alternation leads to a fractal
geometry in the small, infinitesimal divisions still classified...

4. Wandering. Their inordinate degree of symmetry gives them the
appearance of a shallow plate. The careening world begins in one
direction, careens to another..."
I give you the most basic program; in order to see X = 2, P mod X,
hit "t"; if not, the full spectrum presents itself. This is written
in Qbasic for an old IBM XT; format accordingly.

screen 1: cls: q = 1: view print 1 to 1
input "to stop with X = 2, enter 1, else hit return"; t
div: q = q + 1: if q > 320 then stop
if t = 1 and q = 3 then stop
x = 0
one: a = 0
x = x + q
two: a = a + 1
if x mod q ^ a = 0 then goto two
if a mod 2 = 0 then if point (x, 100) = 0 then line (x, 100)-
(x, 110), 1 else line (x, 100)-(x, 110), 0
print x, q; "      "
if x > 320 then goto div
goto one

Contact me for other programs. I have worked on the mathematical
structures for Drawalk3 and the basic series; the theory is above
me. Note that the programs are deceptively simple; running the
above (called Lineq) produces complex results when X is allowed to
run the gamut from 2 through 320.

SPEW.TXT

DRAWALK3

Drawalk3, below, contains a number of choices, presenting both
Drawalk1 and Drawalk2. The latter is the simpler program; in it,
the increment f => f + u changes at the end of every integer run-
through. The result is a fractal expansion of form which continues
indefinitely with symmetrical substructures expanding into new
regular formations. There are three cycles; that of the divisor,
that of the divisor into the power, and that of the bias, which
is incremented to the path direction. Usually the bias is set s.t.
360/bias is a whole number. Magnification should be between 1 and
20, usually set at 4 to begin with. Divisors, etc. are usually set
>17. Drawalk1 is identical, with the difference that f => f + u
increments at every cycle of division; if, for example,
x mod k ^ a = 0 for a = 6, then there are 6 successive increments
before the next integer. The result is an articulation of structures
and substructures with large-scale symmetries that may return after
four or five thousand runs; I believe these symmetries increase
indefinitely, with 'local' convolutions that continually throw
them off. Such convolutions are the result of successive incremen-
tations carried to increasing depth.

Note that all calls for constants should be answered by integers
only; the program works also with whole fractions in f, u, and h.
For example try magnification = 10; bias = 72; exp and inc = 3, 3;
e = 5; g = 4; h = 3; u = 2; try it again with magnification = 2.

Note that Drawalk3 indicates PATHS, not graphs of an equation, and
Drawalk1 has a degree of memory, each step dependent on the depth
of the previous step. In Drawalk2, each step is equally incremented.


DRAWALK3:

DEFDBL F, X
now: CLS 0: SCREEN 0: x = 0: q = 0: w = 0: PRINT "Welcome to Drawalk 3"
        PRINT " ": PRINT "DRAWALK2 prints map of fundamental s-series"
        PRINT "Here, f increments by u at each increase of w": PRINT " "
        PRINT "Run DRAWALK for series with increments only at each reset."
        PRINT " "
INPUT "For DRAWALK 2 enter 2; for DRAWALK enter 1"; dra
        PRINT " ": PRINT "This series may be modulo any number": PRINT " "
INPUT "For invisible lines, enter 0 else 1"; j: PRINT " "
        PRINT "To reset program, hit key r, p for printer output": PRINT " "
INPUT "for on-screen constants, enter 1"; o: PRINT " "
INPUT "color 0 or 1, magnification"; t, z: PRINT " "
INPUT "set origin x,y or 0,0 for default; window -160,200/160,-200"; ex, why
PRINT " ": INPUT "series exponent, usually 2"; k: PRINT " "
INPUT "for mod divisor increment (usu. 2)"; inc: PRINT " "
INPUT "for bias, 90 degrees for inc = 2, usu 360/1nc"; bias: PRINT " "
        PRINT "formula: x=x+e+f*h  f=f+u, u usually = k": PRINT " "
INPUT "increment and expansion, h=0 for cancel or 1 for expansion"; e, g, h
        PRINT " "
INPUT "Set u"; u: CLS 0
SCREEN 1: COLOR 0, t: WINDOW (-160, 200)-(160, -200): PSET (ex, why)
        f = g
ten: IF dra = 1 THEN a = 0
        x = x + e + f * h: w = w + 1
        IF dra = 2 THEN a = -1: f = f + u
                IF o = 1 THEN VIEW PRINT 1 TO 1: PRINT w; x;
two: a = a + 1: IF dra = 1 THEN f = f + u
        IF INKEY$ = "r" THEN GOTO now
IF INKEY$ = "p" THEN LPRINT "w"; w; "x"; x; "mag"; z; "bias"; bias; "exp"; k;
        "inc"; inc; "e"; e; "g"; g; "h"; h; "u"; u: LPRINT " ": INPUT 
        "Press return to continue"; ret
                IF x MOD k ^ a = 0 THEN GOTO two
n = a MOD inc
v = 360 / inc: IF a MOD 2 = 0 THEN col = j ELSE col = 2
q = (q + n * v + bias) MOD 360
move$ = "TA" + STR$(q) + "U" + STR$(z) + "C" + STR$(col)
DRAW move$
GOTO ten


One way to think of the formations in Drawalk1 is to consider them as
local perturbations within a ruler topography; such perturbations
create symmetrical (sub)structures around them. These perturbations
also occur as ruler topographies themselves (they are, in fact, THE
ruler topography); what happens is that, as the integers increase,
they access greater and greater powers x mod k ^ a = 0 (this also
mod 360/bias); the result is expanding differentiated structures -
a form of fractal formation in which self-similarity shifts according
to the ruler topography. The underlying mathematics are easy to
calculate; nevertheless, the symmetries of both Drawalk1 and 2 are
remarkable. For the 'basic' symmetry, set bias to -90, exponent and
mod divisor both to 2, and increment to 1; use magnification of 20,
and set the other increment variables to 0.

There are theoretical relations between Drawalk1 and Irigarayan fluid
structures (including the feminine writing of the lips), as well as
the repeated fissuring, inscription, and exhaustion of the subject
found in my own work (consider for example INTERNET.TXT).

End SPEW.TXT                                    sondheim@newschool.edu



[POSITION PAPER FOR PUBLIC DOMAIN: GLOBAL IDENTITY/TECHNOLOGY PROJECT]


(GLOBAL.TXT) Global Tech Identikit


We've got gangs in the neighborhood of the local village; THEY'VE got
signings, different moves; they've got frequencies. It's clear by now
that interconnectivity doesn't result in transcendence but increased
granularity. Regions compete as domains possessing equivalent access
and substructures; desire, however, is based on difference, primary
narcissism notwithstanding. And what better construct for drawing
distinction than telecommunications, in which RECOGNITION and ADDRESS
replace the subject - in fact either replace or originate consensus.
Consenus, community, is thus a secondary EFFECT of telecommunications,
not an originary ground.

Finally, we've eliminated the grain of the voice; signing is all we
have. The ex cathedra Soviet Union dissolves, taking the nation-state
with it. In Ciudad Juarez, television on one end and microwave links
on the other provide the forum for new regional or ethnic identifi- 
catons - a forum, again, in which recognition is crucial.

Recognition on a face-to-face basis (with other, with alterity), is a
process of introjection; on the surface it is one of representation
(i.e. what I am perceiving is NOT-ME but similar). On the Internet, 
recognition is flattened; introjection and projection are the produc-
tion of a SCREEN OR TERMINAL ECONOMY. Such an economy subjects the
subject who responds with localized, fragmented inscriptions. Similar
to driving through Atlanta, with its haphazard road patterns and 
changing streetnames, the user locates himself or herself within a
small subset of the net, compressed, accessible, and mastering. The
result can only be a masochism against the maternal of the screen
economy, as if the linguistic 'family of usages' transformed through
the net into a 'family of users.' 

Flattened and local identity is powerful, the realm of the nomad (for
whom address and recognition is crucial when strangers collide in the
midst of traceless wanderings.) Wars become stuttered dotted lines
drawn nowhere, the battlefield a plaything of gangs and recognitions
in which everything and nothing is at stake. Isn't this the old situa-
tion of the more we speak to each other, the more we are alone? And the
more we are alone, the more we turn to mother, mother, mother...

END GLOBAL.TXT                                    sondheim@newschool.edu
