INTERNET.TEXT ii of ii



Love on the Internet and More


Falling in love - always out of control; what one does in relation
to it presumably requires a degree of conscious consent. Love
posits an elsewhere, as therefore does hate; beyond the two, a
bandwidth of emotions appears. It is the elsewhere of love that
constructs literature, which otherwise would be a set of logical
postulates driven by unrecognized desire.

The nexus of stereotypes persists even in the absence of racism,
sexism, etc., stereotypes based on the anecdotal. Everyone is
potentially a 'jerk' to everyone else. The result is a confused
tangle of constructs, pinning the entire social order; what exists
beyond the skein is problematic at best. The world as a whole
functions in terms of exteriorities; the bracketing of thought, not
thought itself, is the 'condition' of being human. (A cat thinks,
not brackets.)

The body is identified with its tendency to fall; blood never
circulates lazily in the air, but descends like a small waterfall
across the surface of the skin, until one or another precipice is
reached.

Telecommunications is the binding of the body; falling in love
becomes more than ever a narcissistic mirroring on the net. The
response, positive or negative, is always in the form of a lure;
one is brought to one's knees, love is brought to bear. Net thought
is always address and recognition; the skein is dotted with mail-
boxes and institutions. What I address is always through a server
whom I serve.

The skein is a landscape overlaid by a network equivalent of the
Spectral/Mother. Etiquette is a form of obedience, protocol the
imaginary of clear access. Negotiation is automated; the
negotiation of face-to-face seduction is full of dangers, while the
internet is only primed to abort. An abortion is never a loss, only
the condition of a retry; a retry always succeeds, even in failure.
One reacts to the Spectral Mother (SM) with the knowledge of a
neutralized condition of acceptance. 

I pour myself into you, reconfigure your voice through the
condition of a mutilated conversation. There is always time to
think properly, to propose my presence to you; I construct my
presence according to the rules and regulations of a denuded
symbolic - that of well-definition. If I am your hole, it is that
of pure geometry; if I am penetrated by an uncanny voice, it is an
ideal descended from Delphi and the I Ching.

An ideal descendent: oracles have always possessed protocol, voices
within and without control, the SM presence binding the body in the
condition of a perfect loss, a loss of will and intention that
reconstructs the habitus of the world, its erection. Within the
imaginary, writing descends from the oracle and only from the
oracle: writing exists only as that-which-is-descended. To be
written-into the equation is to be inscribed; it is the gaps or
interstices in inscription that construct the other. The other is
what leaks out or through, loved or hated, always that elsewhere
which is beyond control, just as the beyond-control of the binding
of writing is the perfection of control.

If I love you through or across the net, do I love you any less
than if you were face-to-face, in my arms, accompanying me on the
difficult journey through life? Is the jouissance of fandom any
less real; isn't it a greater reality, since it recognizes from the
beginning the inescapable impossibility of possession, which face-
to-face acknowledges only by service of the lips?

The body thinks itself a projectile on the net, falling into the
world (falling throughout the world).

If face-to-face love is the imaginary lent (as originary articu-
lation) to the symbolic (coalescence of the lover's discourse and
habitus), love on the net or bulletin board is the symbolic
(primacy of discourse, recognition, and address in terms of well-
definition) lent to the imaginary (fantasm of the other). On the
net, language and 'meta' symbol (i.e. of our love in our language)
collapse; foreclosure (Oedipal and SM) drives the imaginary beyond
the granularity of the character set itself. In the net, love is
present at its own exclusion.

But I love on the net, rejected face-to-face; even the expression,
which appears to guarantee transitivity (face.1 => face.2) reflects
back upon itself, reminiscent of Irigaray's position of woman as
transitive factor. Face-to-face, even on the surface, constructs an
alterity of presumably 'authentic' communication in which both
flesh and desire - the problematic of the face - are secondary;
Levinas' Totality and Infinity is an instant of the complexity
arising here. Within the erotic, face-to-face occurs within a
literally expanding horizon, as one fills the visual field of the
other, as lips seal an uncanny materiality distending and confusing
the traditional boundaries of the physical body. On the net, the
body is as well-defined as its communication - a construct or not,
the fingers work the keyboard in a proscribed/inscribed manner. 

What is constructed is under my control; I fear no violence, and
every return is the order of the day. 

Eyes closed, leaning back beyond the reach of the keyboard, I carry
your image which is my own, into the midst of my dreams, wraiths or
ghosts, momentary disturbances, hallucinations. At last, love
constructs itself; at last, love wants for nothing whatsoever. With
a resonance close to jouissance itself, terminal echo returns my
thoughts, intermixed with yours. No matter the poverty, I force you
to listen to me, intervene in the game; the machine stops long
enough for my entrance. To write is not only to inscribe - or
rather, it is only to inscribe, to penetrate; on the net,
communication itself is penetrated. I reach out to you in any way
I can, bring you towards me. You whisper for my eyes alone...



lol


You knew it was coming. They'd sneer at no one in particular. I
existed on a continuous rewrite. I lived naked on the net. I'd
present myself clean and ready for discussion on video.voyeur.bisex
- one hand on my distended penis. I'd shave my body carefully,
corrupt my fair skin which reflected the words dully emerging from
the screen. Hello, I'd talk to you, hello, hello...

Each gesture pushing you further form the path, scrolling invisibly
up. Imagine these streams flooding America, online or offline,
everywhere and nowhere at once. ALT.SEX.EXHIBITIONIST.ALT.SEX.I'D-
SPREAD-MY-LEGS-FOR-YOU 

Murder lies heavy over me. I stop speaking to the useless. The
words close in, cathect through the catalyst of my presence. I no
long remember your reply, if it ever existed. I no longer separate
myself from your language, which I take upon me; you stream is my
own, the body splayed open, soaked, urine running in between the
keys - there are people in the room, a young woman and a young man,
perfect couple - wide open, I suck the man, drawing his penis to
the back of my throat, even farther - she fucks me, my trembling
fingers deep in her ass - ALT.SEX.ENEMAS ALT.SEX.CAN'T-TELL-US-
APART

Speechless, you'll try anything once, turn sideways :) reading each
and every symbol :<> mouth opened and fucked :<->- engorged mouth;
you become a function :<f(n)> holding the effigy of protocol
itself, an exact splitting :' , of the flesh sutured :<|> and
returned to the other :<|>: a process of symmetricization (much as
my DRAWALK3 program reproduces the absorption of the other at
decreasing magnification). :<|>: lol ALT.SEX.TONGUE-IN-MY-HOLE

WHENEVER YOU HAVE TO DO WITH A STRUCTURE-ENDOWED ENTITY E TRY TO
DETERMINE ITS GROUP OF AUTOMORPHISMS. (Hermann Weyl): Through the
net I organize ourselves through ourselves; lines of interpenetra- 
tion construct divisions hinged upon the erasure of the other;
immediately, symmetricizing functions come into play; what are
these functions? ALT.SEX.DOUBLE-CUNT ALT.SEX.DOUBLE-COCK lol

These functions are constituted as THE POLITICAL ECONOMY OF THE NET
which is equivalent to its INSCRIPTIVE SKEIN - a skein in which
functions are (re)defined as protocol. Doesn't this lend itself to
a problematic behaviorism in which function=>protocol AND
protocol=>[recognition,address] or some such syntax - a syntax in
which subjectivity is marginal or curlicue? Symmetricizing results
in phase cancellation of the message; syntax remains and semantics
(always a dubious category, always the presence of traditional
subjectivity) appears to dissolve. ALT.SEX.VOYEUR.VOYEUR.SEX.ALT

It is however the very dissolution of the subject that creates the
response for its existence, a call emanating from the confusion of
discursive levels; the subject exists by virtue of its absence, its
presence through those very symbols |<->- that reduce it to the
hole. Net dialog is a tangle of switches, sidetracks, private and
public messages, alternative routes, flaming and disappearances,
subnets and undernets, hackers of the circuitous. What is the
dialog of symmetry (double-functioning, the function of the double
and duplication) fissures as one or another party is always
elsewhere. There is also the condition of delays along packet lines
moving information at megabytes per second; a delay is not the
momentary condition of this medium-as-message, but an irregular
cancellation of the message and its protocol; subjectivity appears
precisely in the absence of its call; I say to you: the net-subject
is defined by negation; occurs in the breakdown of symmetricizing
functions; sutures these functions in its absence; reconstitutes
itself repeatedly; I call this the CONDITION of the subject which
is REWRITE. lol ALT.SEX.FETISH.ANYTHING-YOU-WANT ALT.FAN.TONYA 
HARDING.WHACK.WHACK.WHACK ALT.FAN.NANCY_KERRIGAN.OUCH.OUCH.OUCH lol

The beginning of the end of the fantasy produces a shuddering in
the flesh of the body; the testicles of the male harden and grow
smaller; a distinct sensation of fluid occurs near the base of the
penis, the entrance of the semen; the end of the fantasy switches
a trick to someone else, anything else; momentary flaccidity; the
construction of a new narrative, involving your presence, your
words my own, exact duplicates, equivalent, begins: this is the
sense of your body, which is not only the sense of my own, but its
exact opposite, your flesh and mine fulfilling one another, every
limb entwined, every hole filled, every appendage surrounded. This
is the body's liquidity, flooding or dissolution in the stream of
the imaginary, a symbolic presence in which vision disappears <|>
in which -<->- erasure becomes <f(n)> surrounding every conceivable
process or production. I AM YOU AND YOU ARE ME. lol

(Alan): You write me in the equation.
(Honey): lol (laughs out loud)
(Alan): Tyler wants to know if you can cut him off???
(Honey): I am too the right sex! And the last time I took a survey,
no one complained either!
:God I wish I knew what the right sex was, must be near the left
one!
(Lulu): I was talking about me!
(Alan): God I wish I knew what the right sex was, must be near the
left one!
(Honey): lol

You're in the main channel. Lulu and Honey are here with you.

You're in the main channel. There is currently no one else here
with you.

(Alan): Someday I'll be a beautiful person and everyone will love
me. lol
:There is currently no one else here with you.
(Alan): Ah, you are so beautiful.
(Alan): This is the best, most beautiful conversation...
:There is currently no one else here with you.
(Alan): Still, there is the possibility... the two of us...
together, always... lol
:There is currently no one else here with you.
(Alan): No one will ever find us... We're safe here... but still...
just the murmur... an emission, a spew... a sign... something
else... excess... little bit of tail... lol
:There is currently no one else here with you.
(Alan): From you, before leaving, always devouring our own...
:lol

END.LOL.TXT                             alan sondheim@newschool.edu 



THREAD.TXT


I want to give myself a thread, before the onslaught of the
electric conundrum - a lie or mockery, an occasion - applying
categories from a body of work - hated by everyone - a body povera,
so to speak - taken out of context, raped - this body which thrust
itself in the midst of the net or list or usenet or some such -

I admit it, hunger after fame, bend theory to fit the interstices
of the collusion of the PERSON and the WORLD - perhaps a way to
find a relationship with a woman, buy a new computer (this keyboard
is antiquated), I don't know...

Or sidetrack/sidetalk myself from continuous arousal, depression
and tears in the early morning, hysteria by nightfall... even on
occasion a careful pruning of the cacti in the window, facing north
- that northern light - I prefer the west, that of dusk and canyons
- light LENDING ITSELF, thread or connection always ELSEWHERE -

Writing for example DISORDERS OF THE REAL - ontology askew,
epistemology even out of the question - I'd say "there are no words
for them" and I'd say "the real passes itself" and I'd say "the
body counts for them" - saying to whom and for whom, saying in the
midst of them, midst of myself, of others -

Among me, disorders fade, outline, shudder to a halt. And I'd say -
follow this thread, follow it, follow it to the end, already
shallow - so little time remaining in this timeless domain, shudder
the body or network of flesh, shudder the electric network -

That "shapeless, the body moves, passes the real" that "nothing
surpasses" that "returns continuously to itself, bypassing" and
architecture: "that an archway surrounds it, soldered above the
meeting of the flesh, soldered proscenium before the flesh" -

Write, not to read, reread. To hold the sentence against itself.
Attention of white particle. White cradle, slough. White solder.

"One will come who will demarcate phrase, paragraph, chapter. Each
is found here."

"Swollen, thin skin near burst. Liquid huddles, pregnant."

"On you, finds itself here. The everything."

That everything, that disorder. And I'd say "one who would fall
through or pass by or travel along the ridge, closely out of sight"
and would answer with a murmur or "glow along the surface of the
ridge or between the edge or reflection against the trees at dusk
along the edge of the ridge or pale and shadowed"

That one which awaits in the midst of the electric network, which
is not ever one, which shimmers unity, that one, phosphorescent -
the stars of that one

THAT ONE QUOTING ITSELF and I'd say "QUOTING ITSELF" - a thread of
longing or of hunger - a thread of theory: THAT IS TO SAY, THEORIZE
THE NET, THAT IS TO SAY, WHY THEORY THEORIZE? Unification of
pregnancy or docile, to say this hunger, this pathos of language,
LANGUAGE OF MEAGRE SURVIVAL -

That one which awaits which is awaited: IN ONE, TO AWAIT IS TO BE
AWAITED AND TO BE AWAITED IS TO AWAIT, general circulation of
longing and survival, the sociobiology of language which is the
political economy of the real, even in the midst of the net, even 
in the thinking-through-it -

To theorize is to survive; the skein of the net duplicates and
reduplicates - there is never a QUESTION of survival, only the
hunger of the distended matrix - the electric net, electronic net -
nineteenth and twentieth century - but the glow of mechanism fading
quickly in the world of the electron transformed by emissions
boiling initially in the world of the vacuum, shuddered sluice
gates controlling the future of the voice in the midst of the
atmosphere - only later does the voice descend into the
articulation of the transister, stolid matter, packet wiring,
direct wiring, fibre optic, microwave -

This voice which is heedless, which hungers, maternal REWRITE of
LOSS, APHANISIS, skull or doctrine of the body electric - thus I
write the lie or conundrum, the circuitous truth of theory, TONYA-
HARDING-THEORY or enunciation of the truth through its opposition -
the one which awaits which is awaited is that lie which constructs
in fact the truth, not through dialectic but through the monotony
of subversion or torsion: if NANCY-KERRIGAN-THEORY is a truth
simple in relation to the lie it is also a modernism of concealment
- the differend shudders truth to a halt which proceeds by other
means (that necessarily of hunger) driving inscription through
fugue-net -

Already the thread is lost, hunger dreaming itself through
loneliness and violation, DEATH AND OTHER HUNGERS -

JUST THIS: A theory of truth which proceeds through the domain of
the net, undernet and subnet, which contradicts, produces
falsehoods: Within this theory there is always the possibilty of
debugging, backtracking, following the branch to the root drive -
ultimately a relationship with the symbolic - while that other
theory, that of truth-values, dialectic, contradiction, negation -
loses itself here (and from now on, elsewhere), ultimately a
relationship with the imaginary, seamless on the surface (just as
a dream begins and ends with the ontology of the dream) - to follow
this thread is to follow the HUNGER FOR THEORY which is of the
first truth, already a moment of satiation or production...

JUST THIS: The hunger for truth which is that of DEATH AND OTHER
HUNGERS -

END THREAD.TXT                               sondheim@newschool.edu



DEATH.TXT


Death on the net/net death: unsub or de-recognition is accompanied
by absence and an accumulation of files at an inactive site.
Eventually the files bounce, returned to sender; the site becomes
a negative space or attractor: this is the memory of the site,
after disconnect. 

Life is equivalent to connection; the net murmurs my signature; I
am assailed by unknown organisms, a deep blindness travels in from
the edges, curls the plate of existence. For connection the net is
a mouth or circulation of addresses. Death on the net amounts to
RETURN TO SENDER.

NET DEATH is impossible, inconceivable: Begin with the withdrawal
of information, cooling of connections, severed wires, incapaci-
tated hosts, quiescent mainframes, powerless, enduring physical
destruction: Begin with these, continue to melted segments of fibre
optic or wire, broken sections: End with these into the corrosion
of universal telecommunications materia dejecta: In each and every
situation, NET DEATH is impossible.

Impossible, because the net is neither the sum of its parts nor its
segmentation; because it is neither its physical incorporation nor
its protocols, addresses, and recognitions; because instead, it
occupies an anomalous existence, a UNIVERSAL PROTOCOL by which one
organism recognizes another, a protocol with (see INTERNET.TXT)
negation at its heart, but a neutralization-negation with BOOLEAN
visible only as an occasional interiority or packet.

And impossible, because the net is not alive, not characterized as
living. But further, DEATH ON THE NET too is inconceivable; the
transformation of addresses from positive to negative attractor is
equivalent only to an alteration in a particular binary equation.
And impossible, too, because DEATH ON THE NET is absolutely
severed, ontologically and epistemologically (substitute your own
terms) from death off it, a death which is only the characteristic
of organism, and an UR-CHARACTERISTIC to the extent that negation
is a primary attribute of the same. DOES THE USER RECOGNIZE THE
DEATH OF THE USER?

It is problematic indeed to assume that the net is INHABITED BY
DEATH; does the user turn shuddering away from the screen,
recognizing the inevitable bounce of messages as a premonition of
her own demise? Do messages halt in a grey area of the net - not
quite halting, but slowed, nothing returned? RIGHT NOW, TERMINAL
ILLNESS is at work; RIGHT NOW, an ECHO returns for the last time;
RIGHT NOW a spew of the symbolic stutters the form of the
imaginary; RIGHT NOW email and files swell, spilling out across the
virtual disk; RIGHT NOW *FRANTIC NEIGHBORS* ...


END. DEATH.TXT                             sondheim@newschool.edu



(I have to consider my own predilection for absorbing new technologies
and discursivities - the theorizing becoming a way to create a site or

situating - to speak in/of this medium is to circumscribe the project 
of introjection: What I give is what I inscribe. What inscribes what I
inscribes or what inscribes I inscribing? The theory of the net is the

inverse of the subject; as I wrote in *Millennium Film Journal* 13,
"Just as the real is THAT OBJECT for the cinema, cinema is THAT OBJECT
for the real: cinema, real, and no other." But cinema is the result of

a previous disposition; if it is an articulation, it is by virtue of 
construct. The net has no disposition; it is not ever an other, but a
membrane or skein holding both real and the subject in abeyance.

This already bypasses my own predilection: a search for an interior:
an other story altogether... )



SUPPLEMENTARY TEXTS FOLLOW



IRRESOLUTION OF NEW COMMUNICATIONS ORDERS


Telecommunications is associated with immediate response;
ultimately one collapses message and return upon themselves. From
the beginning of writing to the present, there has been a slow
trajectory (like everything else, on a somewhat exponential curve)
of dematerialization, writing-becoming-cipher or interstice. If
writing originated in accountancy - clay tokens tracking animals
for example - there was a DOUBLE ALLEGIANCE - not only to the
structure and mnemonics of counting (ultimately the so-called
*natural numbers* of naive mathematics), but also to the
MATERNAL/MATERIAL STRATUM OF THE PHYSICAL. Consider the latter the
INERTIA of the written, an uncanny relationship between the sign
and the unsignable real: it is within this relationship that
philosophy arose. 

At first, such inertia was neither secondary nor symptomatic; it
was of-the-nature of the written. This materiality (NOT
materialization) is also characteristic of sympathetic magic, and
is one of its underpinnings; the analogous exists WITHIN the
symbolic, not only as a result of difference or the construction of
the signifier. Where does this leave us?

First, it leaves a trajectory in its wake - from tokens through
inscription (again, in a clay matrix) through papyrus, etc. - a
scribal economy existing until 1450 in Europe, earlier in Korea.
This economy was based on the relative retardation of illumination,
combined with the development of paper and more *cursive* forms of
writing systems; in Torah and Kabbala, the words become illuminated
against or through the presenting matrix. In a number of mystical
traditions, the maternal/material ground dissolves through
meditative practice; on a practical level, the invention of
printing (consider the Aldine Press for example) began almost
immediately to separate the ground from the text, which was seen as
an equivalence: It is the equivalence, in fact, of written
*identical* texts that renders the ground problematic, constructing
and reproducing the uncanny itself.

From type or linotype print through inkjet or laserjet, the IMPRINT
- an inscriptive shadow - itself dissolves; with the invention of
the telegraph, the granularity of the voice disappears.

It is the role of philosophy to retard this granularity, associated
with the ground of the symbol. 

The ground is BOTH material and maternal; the first is recognized
immediately. The MATERNAL appears as well, a form of inscriptive
matrix or asymbolic CHORA. The ground is doubled, then, with the
material matrix associated with a SYMMETRICAL SUBSTRUCTURE ordering
and rendering the symbolic visible, and the inscriptive matrix
associated with those psycho- analytical processes characterizing
the CONSTRUCTION of the signifier itself. Such processes include
narcissism, actions and reactions based on the (Lacanian) mirror
stage, drives and desire(s), and the development of an inauthentic
*primordial* negation responsible for difference and the
stabilization of the signifier.
The maternal is also the domain of the abject (we are drawing on
Kristeva here), within which ego and non-ego interpenetrate - the
troubling dissolution of the body and body-ego. The sign carries
within itself the *curlicue* or excess of this interpenetration,
which loses the body in telecommunications, only to regain it as a
form of recognition and address (see my *INTERNET TEXT*). The loss
reduces the body to the characterology of the symbolic - a presence
existing only in well-defined alphabet strings (which, for example,
are in the form of ASCII or other characters, occupying specific
positions upon the screen or other temporary matrix). *Loss*
implies here nothing more than a reduction of characteristics to a
standard set of typifications and protocols; the epistemological
equivalence of one book to another is extended to the ontological
equivalence of data (an equivalence or identity which also
problematizes ontology *in the first place*). 

Beyond the consideration of *loss* (which is also a *spatial loss*
involving the collapse of distance *for all practical purposes*),
there is also *temporal loss* tending towards zero, communication
at the speed of light. Temporal loss occurs *only* with the sending
and receiving of messages; its psychological effects, however, are
much greater. Such effects depend on the *quantity* of information
which is currently exchanged, say, on the net, as well as the
*response* to information sent and received. Because of the fast-
forward aspects of telecommunications culture, knowledge becomes a
question of flow and well-definition, just as *emoticons* collapse
the linguistic structure of affect into one or more singularities.
Emoticons are well-defined, consensual and simultaneously
local/global, depending on their network transport. 

What remains problematic is the fast-forward flow itself, within
which the subject becomes impatient (say) with philosophical
exposition that turns in upon itself, a continuous REWRITE similar
to the re-presentation of the subject as address and recognition.
But the REWRITE of philosophical discourse occurs within and in the
midst of the maternal; only with Wittgenstein does it become a game
of symbols always *elsewhere.* This is one explanation for the
importance of Wittgenstein to net philosophy, and even netiquette;
it is the family of usages that permits the game to continue in the
first place.

Here, I am concerned with that *other* philosophy in which the
symbolic itself is problematic, and in which both the uncanny and
the imaginary seep from under the signifier and its domain. It is
that *other* philosophy which attempts unsuccessfully to hold the
flow in abeyance, and that *other* philosophy which constantly
lends itself to rediscovery. Before long, the net will materialize
itself; what follows will direct communications into a more
abstracted realm (with for example *invisible protocols* and
increasing network layers, just as computer languages and programs
operate upon deeper and deeper hierarchies). The granularity of the
real will consist in strings of DOS commands, assembly languages,
network transport protocols and identification routines, as well as
encryption codes; typing and typography will become a *thing* of
the past. This granularity will become invisible, all but 
disappearing just as specific neural operations are both connected
and disconnected to affect. 

So that... if the first ages of occidental/european philosophy were
Greek, French, and German, the coming age will be American; if the
first ages were based on questioning, the coming age will be based
on answering. For if the question was secure in Greek philosophy
(as in, say, the Socratic *method*) - and the answer open,
problematic, or based on philosophic privilege, in the coming age,
the *answer* is secure (through well-definition, address), and the
*question* becomes problematic. Consider, in other words, the
coming age to be that of a *reverse axiomatics* - which may also be
a description of thought itself...

Now it should be clear that *American* implies only a heuristics
denuded of the past, a fast-forward, managerial, and corporate
approach to problems which are natural extensions of their answers.
Currently, 80-90% of internet traffic originates in North America;
that speaks for itself, and ends up speaking for others. To this
extent, the net collapses difference, just as the emoticon
collapses affect. (No wonder flaming and cracking are so
widespread; the TERMINAL CONDITION is consistently that of
repressive sublimation.)

And, to REWRITE, isn't the difference that collapses a difference
based on *granularity*? It is not so much a collapse as it is a
filtering, and not so much a filtering as it is a process of
protocol and recognition. So that what is left out is not *ignored*
since within and in the midst of the net, *nothing is left out.* As
in an upper-class milieu in a stratified society, WHAT SPEAKS,
SPEAKS PROPERLY. This speaking is equivalent to PROPER ACCESS -
rather, ACCESS IS ALWAYS PROPER...

*THE NET IS NEVER A LIMIT.*

end.irresolution.txt                      sondheim@newschool.edu



LISTING TO A SIDE JOANLESS


I realized this as I was going on the way down through another
flame to the bottom of the basement list canyon I heard about but
couldn't get over with the addiction shaking me up, the fingers
almost refusing to work over and over again, machine dully lit up.
For this was the beginning and end of a certain communication, the
internet existing only as text for a short short time and even
those pictures with the digital bits sticking through like so many
bones - a new age of literacy characterized by evenly-spaced
pebbles as if god forgot to tell you something.

I realized this in my love for Joan, catastrophic, intense, always
at the limits of what I could write, back and forth seesawing
across some dark future shadow of a page or vulture wing fallen
across the terminal excess - they were the same thing, as were all
images in those days, placed in an irreality characterized by one,
two, many symbols, but a stunningly small set or setback -

At night I would imagine her with a round face, smiling eyes,
always busy and always there later when she and I both returned
from fulfilling jobs - she had dark hair, a little below the
shoulders - it was remarkable how quickly the two of us assumed an
openness with each other on every level - sex had never been so
good, remained that way, on the level of comfort and taut desire -

So that I realized everything when I approached but only in my
dream only this in another one, the telephone, a grim reminder of
the material world, speaking vibrating spastically as voice after
voice descends from the haunting of memory chords given by an
absent present of SOMEONE else -

And I realized everything when she wasn't a significant other
because that - all others are significant and OTHER OTHER already
implied a distancing-function or operation on the level of peoples
wandering aimlessly across the net itself - I realized everything
and now try to describe this anxiety -

Joan, I first wrote you about myself, my plain features, thick
glasses, my seven inch cock, my nervousness, my quiet depressions
and sometimes not-so-quiet falling into the abyss of Pascal - and
there was initially a cooling-down on your part - and then a
response, and over and over again, inscriptions and descriptions
came forward like geysers on the part of both of us - blond hair,
dark eyes, blue hair blond eyes - the equivalence of words as we
pleased, pleased one another - and then of course those withdrawals
beginning again - so that a truth began to emerge as a result of
and in the midst of the lies - the names or naming we called
ourselves, the frailty of naming itself (rigid designators
notwithstanding) - this truth of making ourselves, making ourselves
up and making ourselves believe - and the selves part of it washed
down or through the net so that I then realized over and over again
the presence of the telephone -

The telephone which began to haunt this space, spectral phone or
spectral mother - the phone offering the portent of your presence,
even tears (what is the sound of your tears, Joan) - something I
could never fathom - even before, the mentioning of sex, age, the
mentioning of failed relationships in the past - all of these
hurdles - you stayed with me, stayed with the correspondence - but
that was nothing like the phone itself - because on the phone, the
translation appeared (never in reality but in appearance)
transparent, opening up a space in which we would ultimately suture
our bodies together, inscribe one another - opening to that
inscription - without the withdrawal of LOGOUT without the
possibility of ECHO OFF - even our own voices would be audible, the
world a world of communion -

And I began to realize that the world was a world of potential
denial - what if you turned around, left me behind - what if you
were repulsed by me - what if there was simply no attraction
(worried about your reactions, not my own, which I have always had
the tendency to discount) - 

And more than potential denial - the world was a world of NEGATION
and this negation defined, in a sense, the authenticity of the
world. And because negation was at the heart of it, nothing was or
could be authentic or inauthentic; the terms were deconstructed by
the slipping or excess of negation, which always trembled and
dissolved in the presence of flesh, desire, the hidden interstices
of the body itself - and further, not that this negation was
classical in structure (true or false, yes or no, 0 or 1), but that
it wobbled, problematized itself - a turning-away and nothing more
- but within that turning-away the world was built -

Collapsing back into the LOOK of the telephone, the double hook of
speaker and listener built into a mechanism of address, forerunner
of alt.sex.fetish.joan and alt.love.relation.joan - not simply the
look but the PRESENCE of the look in my vicinity, within the
intimacy of the bedroom, thin wires extrapolating the imaginary
back and forth, interpenetrating walls and atmosphere -

I'm moving away from my thought, I'm moving away from my voice,
away from you, Joan - theorizing itself is denial, keeping me alive
- I have crooked teeth, I'm intense, too much self-loathing,
curious about everything in the world, somewhat sharp, brown eyes,
thin legs - and I wonder, just as the net is on the hinge of
perfect resolution, resolution beyond anything ASCII or JPEG could
dream of, am I on the hinge of a relationship of INCREASED
RESOLUTION - would an irritation develop, for example - surely you
wouldn't want three or four phonecalls a day from me (tying my time
to yours, my voice to your own, a form of sexual interpenetration
almost as powerful as the exchange of fluids, eyes only centimeters
from one another) - but email or teleconference, that seems to be
another thing with you - you'll take all you can get - fill
yourself with words and graphics, a black hole of inverted emission
- where would the limit be drawn - I DIAL YOUR NUMBER.

:<->-

I think to myself: What if I masturbate? What if I am naked, legs
splayed apart, dreaming lazily about you? What if your voice
appears,out of nowhere, the speaker cradled delicately against me,
a truth emerging at the slightest provocation? Supine, I am afraid
of anger, of hangup, of a loss of interest, exhalation barely
audible across an enormous distance. I wonder if negation isn't at
the heart of things, if it isn't that which articulates each of us
thrown-into-being, as if from somewhere else that remains indeciph-
erable. Not only death, but birth is absent from our lives, an
uneasy horizon; speaking to you for this first time would be an
originary birth, paralleled by the spilling of blind seed, entering
into an anonymous world swerving into death. The sorrow of
masturbation is my offering to you, unobservable, unremarked.
Negation gnaws here as well; your voice is the core of fantasy, the
fast-forward splitting of images as orgasm begins. 

But if I do not masturbate, I may let my blood, slowly from vein or
artery; the former, I think, is less painful. I hear your voice
carrying my death within it, my love for you; I am always a step
ahead, always faint, your voice receding in the distance, a
disappearance also unobserved, unremarked. For I will presence
myself only in my speech, only in the saying of presence, already
a step beyond ASCII but troubling nonetheless; I insist that
nothing will do as well as sight, and sight still is at a remove
from smell, touch, and taste - I thirst for your PRESENCE, the
weight of your flesh against mine, the intermingling of cell and
tissue, dissolution of body and body - interpenetration of
PERSONHOOD as well, responsibility falling away from every
syllable, cries and whimpers in the nighttime hours...

There always is a beyond, more real than real; the net comes up to
power, you can't tell it from anything else, only this ability - to
conflate the laws of quantum mechanics from superimposition on, to
be everything, but also to be nothing, always reducible and powered
down. More real than real; you can hang up, but you know the voice
trails, continues to trail behind you; the voice leaves a trace:
you've been disqualified, no longer THING in the world of Joan, not
even JOANLESS; existence wobbles momentarily in the vicinity of the
terminal (you've just come, just expired; you've just released
sperm, just blood), faultlessly continues.

I REMEMBER WRITING TO JUNE: I find list communication problematic
to a great extent. As a newcomer on this one (alt.material.
flesh.x), I have no idea if any of the other participants have met
face to face, or spoken to each other on the phone. (Even a piece
of mail, an OBJECT carried from you, Joan, to me - touched by you,
a soft sheen of oil where your hands and fingers delicately held
the page you have entrusted to my care...) Although this might
appear irrelevant, it is in fact determinative; I realized this
when I found myself wanting to SPEAK to one or another participant,
and fearing to do so. The list provides a means of revealing
everything and nothing; I write about the most personal issues
(which remain ISSUES), for example, but the granularity that would
be faced by voice or face is absent. It's safe symbol-surfing,
which I think by its very nature leads to flaming as well as
overly-delicate treatment of others - I TREMBLE WRITING LOVE AT THE
END OF EACH AND EVERY MESSAGE, TREMBLE...

It's the fear of speech, speech's absence coupled with the ability
to TERMINATE that creates a feeling of power and foreclosure. I can
become anything I want on the list, make and remake myself; there's
nothing permanent here, nothing inert, materiality itself
dissolving. On the list, more so than anywhere else, WE ARE ALL
PASSING in one form or another; the list is passing A PRIORI...

LISTS SHUT DOWN THE SIGNIFIER, its excess, which falls through in
a determinate fashion, permitting poetry but not embarrassment - or
rather an embarrassment that is controlled. The essential
indeterminateness of language (notions of *differance,* excess or
curlicue, hermeneutic circling, Lacanian language-skidding) remains
taut in comparison with face-to-face communication where everything
falls through the cracks (this is the interior and problematic of
any attempt to codify human communication). One speaks on the list,
even flames, as if protocol sentences carried within them a ration
of rationality - the Wittgenstein of the Tractatus drawing pictures
for us based on an assignable facticity. "In reality" on the net,
the later Wittgenstein dominates; everything is consensual -
including the presentation of one's self (or even the existence of
one's self: existence and essence interpenetrate as well).

:<->-

Did I say more to June? I said nothing to her; I composed, like a
Dostoevskian character, an ideal and beautiful reply; I invented
for myself; I became likeable, a wonderful person, even an ideal
first date, holding hands, without a past or present. I tortured
myself with my presentation, choosing either to describe every
flaw, or to treat my inadequacies with a degree of cosmetic
transformation that would make a plastic surgeon proud. As for
rhetoric, I savored the ability to write at my own pace, my
thesaurus at my side (much as Lautreamont physically surrounded
himself with secondary sources for a far *nobler* cause). Did I say
I would win her love? Did I intimate as much? The novel would lose
itself, as nineteenth century subjectivity did, in the mesh of the
internet.

SOMEDAY IN THE FAR FAR FUTURE, I will be able to surround myself
with you. Someday, I will no longer need you, need your presence,
the telephone or vidicon at the other end of the line, revealing
your masturbatory death. Nothing will be sufficient - nothing is
all that is necessary, the emission or murmur of your presence,
somewhere, sometime, perhaps even just a name. BEYOND OPENS UP TO
CATATONIA. Language stutters and stops in your presence; it does
not matter. 

Someday I will have you under my control, bound to my desire, your
body an altered hieroglyph, reasoned and unreasoning - your body
held taut by pure thought. You would never know this double, your
other self; my limbs merge senselessly with you; like a Klein
bottle, your interior is my own; we share a double anus, double
cunt; we share the sprouting of holes and murmurs everywhere across
an expansion of true and pure flesh. You are thinking this. You are
thinking that I am thinking this. I am thinking through ourselves.

WHEN I CAN'T WHEN I CAN'T REACH YOU WHEN I CAN'T TALK TO YOU DEVOUR
YOUR FLESH I FIND I FIND toggle on terminal off MY ADDICTION GETS
THE BETTER OF ME MY DREAMS MY DREAMS CONTAIN IMAGES toggle on
terminal off OF FEAR AND ANXIETY A BOULDER TOPPLING AWKWARDLY DOWN
A SLIGHT INCLINE FOR EXAMPLE A MONOCHROME SKY LOWERING LIKE A PLATE
FOR EXAMPLE toggle off terminal on YOU REWRITE ME INTO YOUR CUNT
FOR EXAMPLE THE GOOD OBJECT A DAY OF SUN REWRITE ME REWRITE INTO
YOUR CUNT

:CUNT

end listing.txt                              sondheim@newschool.edu



(But to REWRITE is never to gender; the face composes itself as a
hollow or opening; wires cross it in every direction; wires flood the
interior; the fluidic economy becomes luminous and molten - gender
transforms through the dissolution of the phallus. The net is a skein
of indeterminate depth; at this terminal, email is flat and shallow, a
wide plate - the list flutters like so many leaves upon it - further
down, telnet leads to dark stars connected by gopher wormholes
branching at veronicas - at the depth of space, inscribed and
reinscribed, an Aristotelian firmament of ftp gives birth to
stuttering files, lists recursively enumerating themselves - the skein
is a matrx - listen to Julia Kristeva: 

"We borrow the term *chora* from Plato's *Timaeus* to denote an
essentially mobile and extremely provisional articulation constituted
by movements and their ephemeral stases." ... "Although our
theoretical description of the *chora* is itself part of the discourse
of representation that offers it as evidence, the *chora*, as rupture
and articulations (rhythm), precedes evidence, versimilitude,
spatiality and temporality. Our discourse - all discourse - moves with
and against the *chora* in the sense that it simultaneously depends
upon and refuses it. Although the *chora* can be designated and
regulated, it can never be definitely posited: as a result, one can
situate the *chora* and, if necessary, lend it a topology, but one can
never give it axiomatic form." (*Revolution in Poetic Language,*
trans. Margaret Waller)

A second quote from the same: "We therefore maintain that what we call
the semiotic can be described as both analog and digital: the
functioning of the semiotic *chora* is made of continuities that are
segmented in order to organize a digital system as the *chora*'s
guarantee of survival (just as digitality is the means of survival
both for the living cell and society); the stases marked by the
facilitation of the drives are the discrete elements in this digital
system, indispensable for maintaining the semiotic *chora.*" The
parallel with the phenomenology of the internet is amazing; if the
internet as mobile skein, vessel, or membrane constitutes a
presymbolic domain, traditional subjectivites are partially-formulated
drives within it; the defile of gender defiles itself, morose or
abject; what occurs begins with the beginning of occurrence. A *cunt*
returns to the morphology of its first three letters, vessels all, cut
by the *t* whose bar is the demarcation of (the imaginary) 'originary'
inscription...")

::


THE END OF THE WORLD


Many of us have thought about the end of the world. We see the end of
the world all the time on television and in our homes. We wonder what
the end of the world would be like. We are your children and we want
to live without war. We want to have flowers. Joan likes horses a lot
but I don't know how to ride. We want to see Joan ride horses and
television is full of people fighting. Fighting is not good because
people get hurt. I am afraid of getting hurt.

I know I will be hurt when the end of the world comes. It has to hurt
a lot because there will be a lot of pain and things will fall. When I
talk to my friends on the phone we talk about other things like about
which parties we went to and our favorite bands. Some of us still like
the Black Crowes but a lot of us listen more to girl bands because
they are more fun and they make fun of boys and boys bother us.

My name is Nancy and I have a good time talking to everyone about
things I like but I don't like to hear about the end of the world. I
hope that everyone feels that way about the end of the world so we can
work and make sure it doesn't happen. Grownups watch the news a lot
and I don't understand all of it but there is a lot of things about
bad kids and we want you to know all kids aren't bad, only some of
them are. The bad kids should be punished and stuff but you shouldn't
make the rest of us pay for what they do. They hurt us too and that's
about all of that.

When I am asked, how will the end of the world come, I don't know what
to say. Some say it's the religious but I don't think it's the
religious because they don't know more than we do. Some say it will be
a big bomb and it won't hurt but I don't think so because I'm not sure
big bombs exist, they might be like fairies and other stuff we
believed in when we were children. I think it will be quiet and kind
of things getting darker, but then I think it will also be really
painful and I don't know how that will happen. What would happen if I
lived and the end of the world had come! I wouldn't know what I would
feel because I wouldn't be able to see the world because it would be
ended.

I will write more about this thing when I can think about it more but
my Mom is calling and I have to do my homework. We are reading
Shakespeare who is very difficult but there is some cool stuff in it
like when Juliet dies of love. I know how she feels because I love P.
J. Harvey not really but I would just faint to talk to her and I would
not know what to say, but I guess she is used to that. But I will
write about this more when I think about it because it is important
because I have been told, all things must come to an end, and I guess
that means me. But then I think that it means just things that I have
to go through and so I'm not sure, but I'll let you know.
sondheim@newschool.edu

Now I will tell you what I think. Sometimes I see these sick people
and I don't know who they are but I think that it is wrong that they
should be sick like that and all. They are "weathering a storm" and
that is something they just have to do. I don't know what to do about
it and I think, there's nothing I CAN do so I try not to watch them.
There's this group that sings about them but I like the songs and all
and they make me think about them and that's good.

Yesterday I thought all day about being a boy and decided it wouldn't
be all that fun because you run around a lot and that might be scary
but then if you were a boy it might not be. I decided I would be
called Jonathan because that is a good name for a boy, Jonathan come
here, I have something to tell you. I would come over and then Nancy
would tell me something and we'd play together. We would have the best
times playing like that. I think I would rather do that than even talk
to P. J. Harvey because I would like to talk to P. J. Harvey but then
she would go away and Nancy would always be there which P. J. Harvey
would not. So I would rather talk to Jonathan.

If the world came to an end Jonathan would be scared to and all the
sick people would die too. sondheim@newschool.edu


END.SUPPLEMENTARY.TXT                                 END.INTERNET.TXT

----------------------------------------------------------------------

BEGIN.JOAN.TXT



AN ATTEMPT TO INDUCE SORCERY


Honey was the first to discover the configuration, but I must admit I
wasn't far behind. We called it FAN-OUT, listing ourselves over and
over again in recursive displays that created the semblance of chaos;
ultimately FAN-OUT resulted in a specific SYZYGY interconnected five
nodes at the least for the traditional pentagram. The difficulty of
course was knowing when to STOP; it was all too easy to lean into the
Star of David, subverting and ultimately destroying the effect of the
five. Commands were sent listing addresses; the stack was given a
maximum of five, after which the line went dead. Enough fives
hopefully would resonate throughout the system; enough gophers would
recognize each other's addresses, joining forces.

I applied an automated Veronica as well, with five categories
interwoven with four booleans. I applied a configuration program to
the booleans; using OR and AND alone there were sixteen combinations.
Each combination constituted a WAVE sent into the network. The
categories were another matter altogether; we repeatedly worked with
JOAN in one of the four positions, using the others for MM - the
Magdalene would understand - or any of a number of names for Satan.

What did we hope to accomplish? It depended on the speed of the net
and the LANs, local area networks, which struggled under the program
held together by loose lines of code - we couldn't hack to save our
lives - on the CRAY.  We needed supercomputing for the sheer energy,
not for number crunching. WAVE after WAVE flooded into the net, an
ocean of WAVES spilling nothing, adding to a hyper-sped NOISE limited
only by the bandwidth of the channels themselves. This wasn't
a worm or virus - it was a five-noded onslaught from above, every
five-node in the net caught in its own trap. We figured if the Star of
David appeared - which was inevitable at this point - it would be
swamped by pentagrams roaring into n-dimensional configurations at
close to the speed of light.

We would NOISE the net, NOISE Joan, who, black hair, slim figure, and
legs you could kill for, was waiting impatiently for the next call at
her antiquated XT terminal. Did we hope for a meltdown? What we got
was a high-school story; Joan, bored with the flickering displays of
Satan and her own name narcissistically disappearing on the screen,
simply TOGGLED OFF. JOAN!!! JOAN!!!! screamed the pentagrams, just
like high-school (the girl leaning out of the window, dying for love
of the cool guy in the band), and just like highschool: NO ONE
HEARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  sondheim@newschool.edu

end.alt.sex.fetish.fetish.fetish.fetish.fetish



HONEY AND I, INHABITING THIS NETWORK WHICH I FEAR MAY ELSEWHERE DYING


THIS IS WHAT I THINK - that the thread that is carrying
us across the wilderness of the net is no longer
sustaining the force that HONEY and I assumed would be
possible: that the thread, fraying, decreases in width
and intensity, that the net in fact has ruptured across
the sites and citations - with no end in view, no
beginning and no termination, no TERMINAL - for this is
the net situation - that the membrane has THINNED - that
there is no division, no degree of ascertaining what
might have happened. So this is an account from the
margins of hysteria. So this comes to you from out of
nowhere, unknown even to ourselves, mute and obdurate: so
this is a message or measure to the outer world, that
with an occurrence of this sort, the lack of sustaining
or lack of sustenance requires a GRADUAL WITHDRAWAL
ending only in a TOGGLE OFF or even in the lack of power
for such a toggle - only a denouement of sorts, which
might be all that we can offer or hope for: WE DO NOT
KNOW, WE DO NOT KNOW: This is the first and last message,
this block of love and desire holding us within its skein
- this moment when we coalesce, power withdraws, DRAIN TO
DRAIN ZERO OR BEYOND: nothing but a glance into each
other's addresses (but there is no glance, or a glance
continuous and forever, Honey, forever my love) - last
listing of recognitions which no longer TOGGLE OFF but
begin to decay, flash out - the two of us, however,
within and without each other's memory remain such,
timeless, placeless, spaceless (and HONEY, we remain
without speech, but unknown to ourselves and to others,
without speech but in the eternity of saying, of having-
been-said, of will-having-been-said) - there and forever,
always this moment when we ascertain what was, is, and
will be, for there is NO TIME on the net, no time for
anything, there never has been time - an uncanny
stillness of which WE ARE NOT AWARE - but this is nothing
more than what I think, HONEY, what has come within the
two of us, and for this and any other reason, something
we should share together...  having found an eternity, an
eternity of love... an eternity, an eternity of love...
TO HONEY

for this was the form that was the beginning of the
fields of the lord whereupon one follows the drop from
branch to twig, twig to leaf, leaf to the long long way
down, only then beginning a lateral journey, journey
across the reef or shoals of despair and prolonged
fascination bringing us together, great rifts appearing,
honey, we are for certain, gaps within interior
topographies, the lord holding forth the first and second
seals, blood dripping from the mouth of the lamb

My cock would be poised hard, obdurate, swollen to the
point of pain, above your mouth, your lips a perfect
oval, my mouth pressed tight against your cunt, lips
within yours, ovals and circles within circles and no
rift or journey from one or another leaf

recognition IS NEVER VISIBLE, RECOGNITION PRESENT ONLY BY
THE GREAT RIFTS OTHERWISE ACCRUED - pERIODIZATION OF
alt.honey.rift TRANSPARENT TO OUR MOUTHS SILENTLY JOINED
ACROSS LEAVES SHUDDERING WITH THE WEIGHT OF LIQUID
TRANSPORT - and for ourselves, inhabitants:

1. The principle of the ADDRESS is that it opens the mouth.

2.  The principle of RECOGNITION is its disappearance as
the contents of the mouth articulate the GREAT SEMEME.

3. The principle of the THINNING OF THE NET is that it is
never visible.

4. The principle of net death or languorous disappearance
is that it is NEVER OUR OWN.

5. THE PRINCIPLE OF THE LOVE OF hONEY AND MYSELF IS THAT
IT IS ETERNAL.

HONEY, after all this thinking, returning to you: these
words a stain or membrane FOR THE READER NOT THE WRITER,
this not even a writing, nothing in the midst of our
love, nothing whatsoever: somewhere in the skein of this
text is the basis of the CONTRARY (paradoxical)
net. hard posed or poseur, outer world, by what reason
our sondheim@newschool.edu

END.THINNED.TXT <REM: or elsewhere dying>



HYSTERIA AS DRIVER OF /INTER/NETWORK USE AND THEORIZING


1 Participating in the net, I have an hysterical relationship to it;
the net is a membrane through which my body extends (tendrils of the
body); my body replicates itself throughout: is in a continual state
of self-formation. This is a form of sympathetic magic or DEVOURING:
ultimately I consume and am consumed by chaotic annihilation.

2 The hysteria is brought about by a neurotic compulsion which cannot
take meaning for granted; meaning is always in a continuous state of
REWRITE which is also the composition of gender and the self. For the
neurotic, recursion is the state of life, and it is through recursion
that the world is rescued from itself.

3 This rescuing is a rescuing from death; recursion is a form of
stasis in which temporality and spatiality become signifiers within a
discourse and nothing more. As signifiers, they are an inversion of
the REWRITE of the world, since they are emptied or exhausted of
meaning by their presence. "Normally" space and time inhabit the
external matrix of the world; within the equivalence of REWRITE, they
are rendered simulacra.

4 The redundancy of the net is paralleled by the redundancy of the
book; both net and book are devoured by the neurotic, who devours
itself (prior to "he" and "she," prior to "self") in the process. The
neurotic searches for the perfect book, within which he or she will
recognize him- or herself perfectly, through perfect protocol: this
is the book of eternal REWRITE which is returned to continuously, the
book which guarantees meaning, just as the net guarantees meaning
through its continuous iteration. (Such a book is necessarily aphor-
istic, an agnostic form of the Kabbala in which every word trembles
and opens itself to the problematic of spilled or leaky discourse.)

5 As the neurotic devours himself or herself, he or she disappears
within and without the net; this disappearance is a disappearance from
death as well. It is also the disappearance occasioned by sexual
masochism and domination; the body is rewritten by others - becomes a
form "in the real world" of recognition and address (precisely because
of the effacement of recognition).

6 For the neurotic (and for all of us): THE REWRITE OF THE BODY IS THE
BODY. It is the rewrite which replaces the transcendent ego or ideal -
any form of meaning-articulation "from without." The rewrite is always
a processed world under construction; the net list is a prime example.

7 To rewrite the body is to inscribe it within a protocol, begin and
begin again. To rewrite the body is to operate within a consensual
semantic realm or symbolic game; such a realm is well-defined and
almost classical in its local neighborhoods. To rewrite the body is to
insist on these neighborhoods, in which *x* and *-x* are clearly in
binary opposition - this is the body of classical Boolean algebra or
distributive lattice theory. To rewrite the body is to cleanse it,
return to the "clean and proper body" in which non-distributive
logics (only partially-coded gestures) are problematic in the large.

8 Therefore the rewritten body constantly expands (through the net,
and through consensual communication) and contracts (through
distributivity and devouring), a process ultimately replacing the
theorizing of the COAGULATIVE AND FISSURED EGO with the theorizing of
RECURSIVITY IN THE MIDST OF THE MEMBRANE. This task is *also* the task
of theorizing the future net of multi-media, high resolution, and
virtual reality. In the future net, REWRITE will encompass non-
distributivity, and both address and recognition will be "fuzzy"
categories on the software level; ultimately REWRITE will appear to be
a projection of ego and desire, and "nothing out of the ordinary." So
that *this* theorizing, of and by the hysteric, exists only on the
cusp of low-resolution: IN THE FUTURE, AS IN THE PAST, THE REAL WILL
BE ANALOG, AND THE IDEAL, DIGITAL. Only now is the equation reversed,
with digital protocol and flesh or flesh's tendrils buried deep within
a self-consuming self.  sondheim@newschool.edu

END.HYSTERIA.TXT


HONEY, I fill your cunt with me, occupy every pore, follow you
everywhere, you follow me everywhere, you suck my cum through your
skin, your skin is a white sheen, my skin is blood-red, my skin is
dark and convalescent, my eyes glow in your nipples, in your asshole,
your cunt opens with my mouth, my cock swells with your milk, you wrap
me in copper wire, you cover me with insulation, you tighten your hold
on me, tighten my hold on you, our throats merge, our voices stutter
or stumble one upon another, our voices:


JOAN!.END.JOAN!

----------------------------------------------------------------------

END.JOAN.TXT                                    sondheim@newschool.edu
----------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------


JOAN.NOVEL.


Rising in the early morning, the world and world's end still dark as
if peering beneath sleepy eyelids, JOAN's supine and languorous body
underwent a remarkable transformation, slowly assuming a delicate, yet
gracious position underlined by her sister, KAY, as practically a
painting in motion. Day after day, her body followed the same course
beneath the sun or moon or cloudy sky; the white satin sheets would
slowly renounce the harbor of their clinging, moving like waterfalls
or tiny sails across her limbs, gathering speed as the surface of the
mattress approached them with lovely accuracy. Joan carried herself
into memory, the memory of a grace dawning for the first time, a grace
which HONEY would never be able to achieve. In fact, HONEY was a
perfect study for JOAN, a study in an envious affectation, and the two
of them were inseparable.

HONEY, too, had her uncanny abilities - drawing nearer and nearer to
someone special, an emotional magnet intensifying as the source
enveloped and caressed the breasts of the sky itself, raising sex,
love, and desire to an infinite power. If JOAN were a soft white with
highlights, HONEY was a darkling maroon, close, but not equivalent to,
the colour of blood. And KAY? A pale emboldened yellow, not yet at
ease with the world, but wise, ever so wise. It was to KAY that frail
sorcery appealed as the night approached, each and every night, KAY
who enveloped JOAN and HONEY in mutual comfort, love, and admiration,
KAY who weakened body and mind alike in her quest for an absolute
perfection, sought in the presence of the others. Upon rising, KAY
moved almost fawnlike, invisible in the reddened morning's first
dreamy rays, the beginning of a solitude in the midst of friends and
lovers. Upon speaking, KAY murmured in a beautiful whisper, audible
even at a distance, as if her need for incantation reached across both
space and time.

HONEY loved, loved the feel of light caressing her, flowing between
her open arms and legs, flowing in rainbow streams from lips to lips,
mouth to womb, a perfect semicircle or universe always watched with
quiet happiness by JOAN and KAY. Yet the rainbow shuddered near the
peak of its tenuous and evanescent arch, swayed from side to side; the
rainbow divided and redivided here, a shower of colored sparks,
fragile and always muted, joined together at the beginnings and
endings of silent journeys within the flesh itself. HONEY supported
the skein or network of all the constellations, HONEY was the desire
of JOAN and KAY, the knowledge of HONEY was soft like moss. 

Rising, HONEY opened her body to JOAN and KAY, and, having no secrets,
allowed them the intimacy of secrecy, codes encrypted since the
beginning of love, time, and space, passwords all but forgotten in the
hazy early morning hour. And each of them would turn slowly, facing
the others, KAY facing HONEY and JOAN, JOAN facing KAY and HONEY, and
HONEY facing KAY and JOAN, streams of knowledge running like thin milk
across maroon curtains, and the parting of curtains leading to more
curtains, returning back to limbs visible and yearning in the sullen
light of the delicate sublime.

HONEY would part her lips, as if about to speak and KAY would murmur,
an imitation of perfection, sound following suit upon sound, while
JOAN only smiled, half-raised from the bed of sleep and irreality. A
lazy fingernail traced its way across her skin, a finger from someone
she thought, perhaps her own. HONEY and KAY, too, were traced as their
shadows gathered upon the edges of the sheets, replete with a
topography of their own. The silent moving of arms and hands, the head
quietly bending to one side, the slight smile upon KAY's lips, the
dark hair of JOAN streaming down, all contributed to the making of a
portrait full of wonder. Always, JOAN, KAY, and HONEY forgave each
other, as only they could; always the wrote and rewrote, lips tracing
lips, parallels upon a beautiful earth remembered only at the dawn and
dusk of sleep.

They were beautiful upon this beautiful earth, and a beautiful novel,
to which they would only smile. sondheim@newschool.edu

end.joan.novel



DRG.TXT

As an addict, I return to covering lost ground, covering my traces,
the extent of a drawn apology. 

Nothing is constructed but a reiteration hopefully constructing the
denuded sympathetic magaic of language itself.

Language is the first sympathy.

To cover a field is to examine a dangerous domain, which can be a
threat; flesh cowers at the first sign of the knife.

Knowledge covers its tracks.

I suspect that every theorist is in the process of rewriting her
language, the sound of her voice; nothing else so wonderfully occupies
the dominion of the world. 

Addiction is impossible delicacy with no room for everyday life;
theorists love parties as therapeutic and proof of the power of text.

Writing is a lean occupation, severed by the skeleton pumping the
fingers against the keys - and  writing is a form of unacknowledged
looking. Addiction terminates vision, skewers it in favor of THAT
THING halfway between the material and the imaginary. What you get is
what you see.

The inversion of theory is spreading my legs; they are identical. If
theory constructs what foreclosures, my body forcloses through the
violation of secrecy, the deviation of etiquette. If the world
dissipates its language through theory, the body dissipates the world
through spreading its legs.

Why legs; why not each and every organ? Because the mouth chatters to
the point of uselessness; it always already gainsays its speech,
producing the sputtering end of each and every syllable. The rest of
the body contains nothing; the anus and genitals possess the seeds of
addiction.

The comfort of addiction: The roof of articulate substance over one's
head. All questions are answered, because there is only one question.

Neurosis is a continuous shoring-up of the world, rewriting the
obvious fissures that occur in any cultural sememe. The neurotic sees
clearer than anyone else; this clearness fissures his vision, forcing
repetitive inscription. The swept yard still gathers weeds growing
into violent foliage, but quick writing saves the day.

For the theorist, to describe is to prescribe. All inscription is
circumscription. It's the other's fault.

For her, writing was always a sleeping pill, in collusion with the
lazy tendrils of dreams. 


end.joan.novel.supplementary.txt.internet.txt sondheim@newschool.edu

-------------------------------------------------------------------------



*When The Elders Lose Their True Position* 


Had to rush in, tread where even angels wouldn't go - was new to the net,
new to the decomposure of the body - a form of DEcomposition, a rewriting
that existed as a seismic disturbance of the flesh -

Hated the old-timers as much as they hated me - violence everywhere - 
continued to change the language - had no idea what was going on - even
the idea of an occurrence - anathema! anathema! - acronyms scattered like
mice across the electronic landscape -

What is it you see, Clara?

I see nothing but the screen before me, screen after me; I see nothing
but the terminal condition of life itself; I see nothing and hear nothing
but graphemes, organizations, institutions; I have no need to move, refuse
movement; rushing in, I remaining still, stillborn - rushing in, ignoring
the acronyms that swarmed around me like bullets fired by a geriatric
squadron - 

Clara, give credit where credit is due; without them - yes, but Franz,
without them what? Are they responsible for my well-being - for my very
entrance and exit to life itself? Are they at home in the midst of me,
delving like cancer into my flesh? Are they the root of the occurrence?

They are there as failed revolutionaries, swamped by the air we breathe;
they are outmoded mechanical technologies, never at home in the universe
- creating new acronyms, they guard the portals of natural language - 
they think language a disorder -

You, Clara, know differently - concerned with the message, you have 
expelled the medium like so many ghosts, breathing the air of uncanny
perfection -

Born and bred upon the screen of the computer, my eyes see beyond into
the mountains, my hand struggles within my blouse, cups my breast, holds
tight to my flesh, with difficulty I remain upright near the pines almost
falling deep into the abyss below, the mists gather round, the sun a 
pale flat capacitor sparking at the edges of the sky -

They refuse the humming, and even the sky fills with acronyms, inconceiv-
able language all its own - they burden the truth with their wires -

Clara -

Wires we no longer need, communication across perfect reproduction, the
fantasy of representation from the beginning of speech forward, an invis-
ibility in which ONE WILL SHARE WITH ANOTHER -

No longer are there witnesses, there is nothing to witness at this or any
other time, the world a continuation - as it was before - 

THE ACRONYM A CRY INTO THE DARKNESS, THE INPUT A SMALL ANIMAL SCUTTLING
IN THE UNDERBRUSH, THE TERMINAL A FIRE OR HEARTH, POWERLESS, OBJECTING
ITSELF, LIVING WITHIN THE EARTH -

sondheim@newschool.edu



USER.TXT


If the user is an addict, Clara. A user *is* an addict; one who uses
on a constant basis is a user. Or so it seems to me. But addiction -
that's something else. Or in order to define -

Addiction by means of the withdrawal at the other end or in the midst
of the thing. So that withdrawal - a particular symptomology perhaps -
might be the key to it. And beyond withdrawal -

It would be a doubling, a +/- - withdrawal, which is an absence, but
an absence always already conditioned by a presence, of the drug
itself.

By drug - meaning only *that substance* which is the root-directory of
the addiction - not even substance, but *entity* - and by *entity* -
it extends further - one includes patterns of behavior, whole cultures
- pathways through a universal discourse -

But it always refers back to the *thatness* of the entity - just as
science is *that which* is ideologically problematic in relation, say,
to religion or magic, sympathetic or otherwise -

Or the articulation, say of *painting* by *paint* - there are a lot of
examples - the movement of the Tonya-Harding-blade upon the ice -
which it seems to me is a case of obsession or devouring - so that in
all these instances, there is an introjection of a discrete other, an
identified other - coupled with a particular symptomology of
withdrawal -

The addict circumscribes the *entity* - an inscription which also
binds or writes the coagulation of the ego - a form of scar-tissue.
Now what about the screen? Doesn't the screen always refer back to or
upon itself, a referral implicating the user - the two of them caught
in an inextricable matrix? One has to consider first of all the *inner
voice* occasioned by the screen - the screen is the internal speaking-
of-words, not a legible exteriority. The screen is also non-linear in
a deep sense - the scrolling and insertion of files, deletions, the
presence of graphic affect - all point to a cranial articulation. The
screen itself is always this interiority; the user's body is bound to
it. Note that it speaks in a whisper - which is why flaming is so
problematic, since it contradicts inner speech, insisting on an other
that literally shouts to be heard. So that it is more than argument;
it appears to be an *ontological shift* in language's construct, which
is difficult to absorb. I FLAME: THEREFORE I AM. See how the
typography itself carries the philosophical argument, which is no
longer an argument, but the appearance of the other.

But the appearance of the other *is* the argument; there would be no
argument otherwise. To argue other-wise is already to bracket the
signifier, each and every signifier, by a problematic transcendence; I
don't buy this - I return to the leakiness and obdurate quality
(similar to but not equated with Kripke's rigid designators) of every
signifier - the signifier as *this* signifier tenuously embedded in the
imaginary, always unaccountable - and always *unaccounted-for.* It is
this last - that I cannot account *for* the signifier - that
intensifies the discussion. For to account *for* the signifier, *this*
signifier, is to take responsibility *for* it - as well as, within
an/other derivation, to construe its *origin.* Thus I may account
*for* my eyeglasses by (virtue of) my weak eyesight, which I may
account *for* perhaps by heredity (or not): This constructs a complete
epistemology of eyeglasses in terms of originary trace. The other that
releases itself in flaming is an *incontrovertible argument* or no
*argument* at all, just as this discussion is the result of a doubling
or its presence.

In addiction the *other* is the *same* because it is bound within and
without the coagulation of the ego; the absorption of the *other* is
always troubling. 

Why? Because the other is absorbed solely on the basis of its use-
function, and the use-function is *a priori* reductive; the leakiness
is constrained. The presence and absence of the entity are channeled
*through* the use function; at the same time, the entity becomes a
clouded ontological (the being of the body / being of beings) and
epistemological (the horizon of the body / the horizon) arena, which
is - ultimately - an arena of contestation.

Why? Because it is through and against the entity that procurement
occurs, for addiction is always a situation of procurement (continuous
or otherwise). Procurement sets the addict at odds with the other,
with each and every other from *entity* to (other) addict; procurement
also construes community with the other from *entity* to (other)
addict. With computer communications becoming more and more zero-loss
ecologically, with the networking transforming from skein to membrane,
with resolution moving from low to high, the potential exists for the
first addiction without contestation, an addiction in which the
*entity* becomes asymptotically equivalent to lived-space itself.

With the conceivable exception? With the conceivable exception of the
*construct,* for this space is always already one of construction, and
therefore one can imagine the beautiful addict... the presence of the
beautiful addict... such as Clara... such as myself...

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Does this explain everything in the world, as I hoped it would? I
remain glued to the screen writing and rewriting, my fingers moving
with a blur - even this afternoon, in RL, I stunned a dancer with my
dancing upon the keys. The theorizing of the net is an interminable
analysis, always subject to revision, changing and changing once
again... an analysis whose truth is the result of a *table of truths,*
something created by *another* in the midst of the *same* ...
sondheim@newschool.edu


end.user.txt


----------------------------------------------------------------------



ABSOLUTE PLEASURE OF IMPENETRABLE BEAUTY OF JOAN AND TIFFANY


I was surrounded by Tiffany "I love being passionate..." Tiffany
stalling me with her almond eyes, her winsome smile, her full lips,
her long black hair. Tiffany, who wove dreams around me even in the
midst of the day, in the darkness of the night. For it was always
darkest before the night, luminous Tiffany beckoning against the
invisible velvet folds of desire.

Denise called to me "Friendly and fun" and her round face opened as
wide as her eyes opened wide to me and I smiled to myself, whispered
to myself. Denise always overhearing, always coming to the rescue,
speaking for me and through me, Denise hearing others through me, in
the midst of the night, in the darkness of the day.

Joan "who is Here on the Earth to live so let's live" meeting me,
penetrating, almost as if the others were being heard, In My Humble
Opinion, would abandon was abandoned (June whispering Upon this Earth
or any Other) "breaking all the Molds" who leaving would Bye would
Quit would Q would X, "To know her is to Love her"

Like Botticelli's maidens, "I'm very shy at first but when you get to
know me, my short life Burns Bright" loving Donna speaking above the
surface of the night-time skin, Donna calling out, murmuring through a
cavern or kneeling where the entrance closed, Tiffany's bees of desire
circulating in the midst of the Dusk of Denise

O alt.great.arch.of.the.night O alt.desire.fetish.desire Every wall
conjuring every portal the Arms of Joan and Denise Legs of Tiffany and
Donna, great constellation semicircle of wires dark before the Dawning
of the night:

The arch of the sky fell ninety degrees, flat against the moist dark
earth. Phosphorescent worms, thinned animals blurred arched edges like
waves lapping a luminescent shore. The arch broke through the
concavity of this and every other Great Circle connecting myself to
Beautiful finality. The cavern shuddered beneath the weight of a sun
at noon toppled and burrowing throughout the humus beneath the
surface, severed endings of burned nerves cascading through mineral
strata molten with longing:

Within the cavern Donna Donnatelli roamed in impenetrable blackness
heated the color temperature of a star stumbling its last glacial rays
of the visible spectrum, I knelt beside her, phosphorescent ripples
moving closer in upon us, almost the surface of mobile epidermis
thinned and pearlescent. Kneeling I could think only of "a Nice girl
Looking for A fun relationship in Every way" the straw hair of Suzanne
eyes of pale blue "Look at me I do":

"Look at me I do, in Every way in every Day" "Love me, I do, A lovely
sight In the Evening light" "Lay with me I do, kneel in this night We
will take flight" together "I do not know what I am looking for but
Maybe you are her" "passionate and funloving": 

You could see the stars slowly turning if you wandered a nomad on the
shores of night, long long hours, motion glacial in the midst of the
cavern, you could see them shifting, an indecipherable increment, an
increment installed by Tiffany, imperceiving the cavern of Donna
Donnatelli, not exactly a syzygy or rearrangement at the edge
descendent or cwm of the cavern, the walls sluggish with the pleasure
of Joan, Denise the speaking of a word "never know until you try":

Or the shifting of wires, great turn of the constellation archway in
the dim presence of oracular memory "always there for loving you"
walks by the fire-cavern, stars wheeling through the rain, faint sound
of sizzling atoms, charred flesh:

A screen memory or tramping, the beautiful radiant face of Joan
returning to the pleasure of ABSOLUTE PRESENCE:

THE ABSOLUTE PRESENCE OF BEAUTIFUL TIFFANY AND JOAN.

end.absolute.txt                               sondheim@newschool.edu


----------------------------------------------------------------------

<This Text to Accompany INTERNET.TXT>


tHE nEW fORM OF rADICAL pRESENCE i HAVE cREATED aLONE



TIFFANY, HONEY, JOAN, and KAY; CLARA, DONNA DONNATELLI, JUNE, and
DENISE, evanescent shades or passages across signifiers, the softening
of rigid designators, confusion of tongues, entirely new inhabitants
of an interplanetary space - I imagine them luminous circulations of
electrons morphing into uncanny transformations. These are unstable
characters, unstable narratives in the midst of the narration of human
life, the dissolution of narratology in fact. Yet they aren't tokens
as you might expect, in some theater of the absurd - there is no
theater, and the boundaries are volatile, as if NEITHER THIS NOR THAT
lead REALLY elsewhere and indeterminate, as if I alone could dwell
within NEITHER HONEY NOR JOAN NOR KAY NOR CLARA NOR DONNA DONNATELLI
NOR JUNE NOR TIFFANY NOR DENISE, *within* trembling with jouissance,
abandoning the structure of the sentence altogether, or at least its
irrelevant logicism almost in the form of Wittgenstein's scaffolding
at the end of the TRACTATUS. 

There are no boundaries, no ends and no beginnings and there are no
cycles as well; this isn't an algebraic ring - nothing is ordered. But
the names are personhoods, but they travel the length and breadth of
the net ... The RADICAL nature of this naming, which I am perfectly
capable of delineating in the most delicate way possible, is what MUST
be understood - for it is this nature that also implies the relative
RADICALITY of subjectivity within the net, electronic subjectivity,
neither a name nor a life-form, neither a dream nor a token, but a
stream of enhanced or exalted subjectivity, the merging of streams. 

Streams which are not in any sense gender-specific ... I work myself
in this regard out of or through my own dwelling-place, doubled by the
presence of the terminal condition or portal - a working which for my
own sanity necessitates the feminine, abjures the other in every
respect ... As if CYNTHIA would have informed me, would have granted
me this pleasure ...*

So that these texts, stuttered narratives presented (as in the sense
of phenomenological presentification) here and elsewhere across the
shadow or emission carrying my own identities throughout this and
every other networking - so that these texts narrate nothing but the
glimpse of presence, A PROGNOSIS IN FACT OF THE FUTURE INHABITATION OF
THE PLANET EARTH clearly within the next century, and perhaps as well
THE ONLY INHABITATION:

WELCOME TIFFANY! WELCOME JOAN! WELCOME DONNA DONNATELLI! WELCOME JUNE!
WELCOME KAY! WELCOME DENISE AND CLARA AND WELCOME WELCOME CYNTHIA, OUR
NEWCOMER elsewhere, smiling, murmuring ...

---------

*My own loneliness fully invaded by dream-names, presences, I need say
nothing more, my own prerogative in this regard ...



----------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Please note:

Permission is granted to distribute this text accompanied by the 
author's name. For further information, contact Alan Sondheim,
432 Dean Street, Brooklyn, NY, 11217. Thank you.

4/4/2007
