W   W   WEEEEEEEBBBBBBB
W   W   W       B     B
W   W   WEEE    BBBBBB          INVERSION                 4.24.2011
W   W   W       B     B
WWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEBBBBBBB






CONTENTS:

WEB INVERSION: Interpenetration of body and net

THE FUTURE, SPEAKING OF OR ABOUT: The flight into/away from the future,
	negation at the heart of things

PSYCHOSIS: Terminal totalization

CLARITY OF DISMEMBERMENT: Emily Dickinson and the Future of the 
	Humanities in relation to hypertext

I MOVED INTO THE FOURTH SECTOR WHERE THE PASSWORDS WERE: The blind
	alley of the password, hallucination, psychosis
	CLARA.WEB
	SUDDENLY SINGING

DEATH, BY A. HACKER: Dedicated to Richard Cobain, Kurt Nixon

EXISTENCE, ALAN-L, JEAN PAUL SARTRE: The network and the existential

ANGRY AT SIG.: (Signature): Depression, collapse, and the curlicue

RESIDUE: What delays, continues, weathers

SCREEN PHENOMENA: The curlicue, symbolic, what delays, continues,
	weathers ...

APPENDIX: Qbasic 3-dimensional measure geometry program

APPENDIX: DEATH IN THE MIDST OF THE METAPHYSICS OF SUBSTANCE

APPENDIX: IT HURTS

----------------------------------------------------------------------


I begin the process of transformation throughout the psychotic;
energy flows from my fingers; auras are everywhere: entities of
the real world, lost, or an inconsequential dream or hallucina-
tion, pale by comparison! The coloration of the imaginary 
replaces distress signalling; everywhere is a call from everywhere
else - an imminent call, timeless and forever (like the call of
the woman on the bridge nested in the London fog, lone figure on 
the parapet, almost disppearing in the gaslit night, yet 
recognizing, at the very least, her name, her calling, her 
address, bobbies approaching quietly 'so as not to harm the poor
dear').



WEB INVERSION


A stern discipline is the sitting and production. I begin with the
removal or extrusion of a web from my mouth. My teeth strain
ectoplasm; an emission, they come sourceless from within. I suppose
they coalesce in the throat, that arena of protocols and perfect
syllables. 

Born naked in the world, I am a cocoon, the shearing of tissue, an
emergence. I am in a constant state of waiting; my hole opens
everywhere across the body, this time inputting wires, terminals,
nodes. What is left of me in the midst of depression is an order of
interconnectivity: I recognize messages, but no longer comprehend
their content. The sexualization of the hole, enervation of the rim,
begins to disappear. 

This is the condition of WEB INVERSION. The ectoplasm is fingered,
spewing files and fragments of files, coded and uncoded, everywhere
upon an earth characterized by the shadow of a scepter. THERE IS NO
EXPLANATION.

There is no explanation because, for the first time, the question is
suspect. Suspect: an attitude, lingering doubt, carried on in silence,
the presence of an ellipsis signalling the beginning of another
millennium, the exhaustion of answer-protocols. IF DIFFERENCE IS
MEANING, MEANING MUST ALSO MAKE A DIFFERENCE. Within web inversion,
nothing makes difference because everything is characterized by
difference, by the same; what differs, differs TYPICALLY. TOPICS
BECOME SHUNTS.

What topics become are infiltrations of secondary webs upon the
ground, the uneasy coalescence of files and fragments. These TOPPLE
TOGETHER. 

So that the history of information on a fast-forward basis, within the
last twenty years, breaks down into several concurrent trajectories,
each lending itself elsewhere. There is not only a movement from self-
knowledge to knowledge to the manageriality of knowledge - and not
only a movement from manageriality to flux - but also a movement from
flux itself to shunts, inversions, spews. Difference levels; fragments
are browsed, stumbled upon; data retrieval exponentially increases in
layers. The new unit of information is no longer the word, the bit,
the byte; the new unit is the gateway whose syntax is protocol. Think
of information solely as CONNECTIVITY, an extended and unsubstantiated
metaphor (after all, you are CONSIDERING this, at least at the
moment), a metaphor of webs, linkages, graphs, Petrie nets, systems
layers, and you begin to understand that the phenomenology of
knowledge undergoes a radical change.

Web inversion is the last and final stage of the body which begins as
a totalized consciousness, the originary condition of self-knowledge
and existence of the ego. With the specialization of the disciplines
in the twentieth century, knowledge moved from primary structures
(writing, seminar, voice) to secondary data bases. To COMPREHEND
became equivalent, within the university structure, of 'to look up' or
'to do' (i.e. 'Did you do Chaucer yet?). What is 'looked up' increases
in complexity; linkages thin, and knowledge becomes imminent,
situational. Exhaustion and deconstruction contribute to the play of
the signifier weakened by capital and desire. The ego withdraws to
conditions of continuous maintenance vis-a-vis circumscription;
fissuring disperses 'selfhood' lost in the roar of data flow. The
maintenance is successful in face-to-face (traditional, real-life)
communications, insistent upon notions of 'roles' and 'callings' - as
well as other structures considered by classical sociology. Now, roles
themselves are penetrated, and computer (tele)communications
transforms subjectivity into the ABSOLUTE OF SYNTAX opening up the
narcissistic wound (self-devouring and substantiation of the body) to
syntactical suturing. Interconnectivities multiply exponentially (we
are in a universe of violently increasing proportions); the body
TRANSFORMS INTO A WEB INVERSION, characterized by cyberfragments,
narratologies, mythologies, violent sword-play and a general
medievalism in which the quest for perfect suturing transforms into an
electronic desire for the Holy Grail.

As the wires enter and exit my holes, they are illuminated with the
phosphorescence of electrons tunnelling through plasma radiation; near
the rims of my body, faint jewels gleam as the coagulation of
imaginary desire. My cock is the horn of a unicorn; my cunt is the
Grail itself. Knowledge has attained the condition of the INFINITE of
naive set theory, an infinite in which each subset is equivalent to
the (w)hole. Everything once again (long past Romantic illusion) is
contained in everything else; this time, what is contained is
unidentifiable. You can only distinguish one form of white noise from
another; within this distinguishing a primitive mathematics (of
demarcation and number) is constructed. But this mathematics clings to
the edges of the holes, exteriors of the wires like static electrical
charges; within, the web inversion continues apace.

So that what is writing is no longer the life or death of the author,
no longer the question of the author; but it is also no longer the
writing of a machine or machine-writing; or the writing of a computer
program; or writing, intentional or otherwise; or a layered ordering
of graphemes upon a symmetrical substructure; or the transmission of
formal encodings of ordered graphemes: So that what is writing becomes
itself the problematic of ontology and epistemology (as the net itself
has), neither neutral nor politicized.

With enormous energy, I gather the fragments to me; with enormous
sound, the creaking of wires, sparking of random misconnections, I
lean into the spew, begin the transformation that will blind me in
telecommunications. Only with DISCONNECT can everyday face-to-face
life reassert itself, but against what? The depression of ONTIC or
existential anxiety weighs again upon the flesh depleted by the fear
of negation. With relief, one begins again, inverts almost at will,
hardly realizing that the process of immolation has begun to TAKE
HOLD, the body a CUNTCOCK or strangled throat, stuttered or stumbled
language, with nothing more to say. 



THE FUTURE, SPEAKING OF OR ABOUT


I speak the future, I always speak the future. My words guide me
through the hidden mirrored files of their organization. My entire
life is devoted to their retrieval, the representation of their
syntactical energies. I believe my search is a futile one; words 
are at best, an amalgamation of broken protocols. Just as the camera
is the incoherent reduction of the eye (which is the precise function-
ing of the camera), computer protocol is the incoherent reduction of
speech (which is the circumscription of the computer).

NOW, the future is never guided, nor is it attributed. I can speak of
x*future as in MY FUTURE and I can speak of the x*future as in
THE*TECHNOLOGICAL FUTURE, but I can only speak by virtue of an uncanny
condensation that is necessarily delimiting. Computer communication
likewise limits; it is at the same stage as those science-fiction
films of the 1950s-1970s where everything was clean and where doorways
were usually hexagonal in shape.* Doors slid; space was cleanly cut,
demarcated, in those films in which interiors were INSCRIBED, only to
be potentially reinscribed by coagulative 'monsters.' These interiors
were simultaneously phallic (cleansed surfaces, bodies, and languages)
and castrating (divisive, sliced), but through reflective surfaces
there were always interiorities elsewhere - an ultimately elusive
space filled with pipes, plastic, portals and portholes. Instead of
castration, think clitorectomy: the slicing of space inscribed
conditions of class, gender, and authority, cutting through the
potential maternal chora - atmospheric ingress and egress for example
as remnants from the 'mother' planet. 

The technological future is perceived as a simultaneous FETISHIZATION
(of the reflective surface itself) and SLICING or INVERSION; what is
sliced is well-defined and inscribed; what is sliced is determinative
of perception itself. All technology is and transforms perception. The
slicing-effect is that of the CLEAN WOUND which cauterizes the body,
the wound healing without a scar, psychic or otherwise. The inversion-
effect is that of the LABEL or TYPE; what slices is packaged as
definition and thereby extends or expands by extrapolation. Quantity
produces quality and so forth. Running low-resolution video imaging on
a slow computer (slicing) inverts or extrapolates into high-resolution
video inverts or extrapolates (all in the midst of the same continuum)
into a simulacrum of the real; through fetishization, the mirror-stage
of the simulacrum (i.e. for and within the subject) no longer reflects
the problematic of resolution itself - but the real-for-the-subject. A
simultaneous shift in epistemology (degrees of resolution) and
ontology (the plunge of 'infinite' resolution) has occurred, producing
what could be called an emptied condition of address and recognition
(Sartre would call it a variant of the 'inauthentic'). Within this so-
called FINAL STAGE (no stage is final just as no stage is
inauthentic), noise reappears (i.e. noise 'beyond' chaos), but the
interiority of this noise depends, like Bohm's quantum mechanics, upon
hidden variables. (In fact, virtual reality itself is an effect of
hidden variables to the extent it is a 'reality.') 

Thus the interiority of the technological future in the midst of this
thread is that of an empty interiority - empty, because it itself is
based upon a coherent substructure (well-defined programming producing
the illusion of noise) that must be placed within an equally well-
defined potential well or FIREWALL protected 'against' a deeply noisy
exterior.

The exterior is always already elsewhere. The emptiness is an
occurrence always already present. Recognition of this emptiness is a
rerun of the subject; this again is a return to Sartre whose 'project'
is nothing more than a REWRITE without substructure, Peirce's 'sheet
of assertion' or other cleansed potential surface. 

Remember that the wound is a certain cauterization of the body which
is sutured; nonetheless, there is always a murmuring or curlicue. It
is this murmuring which expanded into the Romantic infinite at the
dawn of the industrial revolution, a revolution begun in black smoke;
unimaginable chaos in Manchester, London, and other cities; and the
beginning of serious rural upheaval. The information revolution is an
inverse; the computer interior is a continuously cleansed environment
and chaos itself is contained within a formal mathematical theory.
Part of the wound lies in VIRTUAL TUNNELLING through the firewall; the
real chokes itself in ASCII, but there is always the frame, the
eternal signoff, the corrosion of relations. Computer communication is
so often about computer communication because it takes NEGATION OUT OF
THINGS, the staking-out of personal territory, appearance, foibles,
and so forth is precisely the inadmissable OPENING OF THE WOUND. For
the wound is the real itself (and beyond this, metaphorically, the
pain or negation of the real), and we are in flight from our flesh.

We are in flight because of death and the termination of the screen,
input/output/interiority; we are in flight because of the impossible
noise of the world. Not for the first time, the flight is toward - but
perhaps for one of the very few times, not an absolute - a matrix of
absolution. Lose the body and the death of the body is not a loss.
Within the binary realm, there is never loss; loss is on the other
side of the potential well, aligned with noise. There is only eternity
upon eternity, rewrite upon rewrite, each duplicating EXACTLY the
content of the original. What could be clearer? If there is a wound,
the wound does not leak; within the safety of the firewall, the frame
is perfect and the words remain archived or threaded, one upon
another, forever. 

So for the first time the flight is toward a matrix which is no longer
other, transcendent, but which is ours and what we become. So for the
first time, the body begins its process of disappearance (to be
replaced decades later by the virtual body), and in this process, the
very FACT of our body, our flesh, becomes inadmissible, problematic, a
source of fear and anxiety. WHAT IF I WERE TO CONFRONT YOU IN RL? What
if 'real life' were no longer an acronym? Thus in 'answer' to the
future question or questionable future, there is no reply, because
there is no question - because the question lies outside in the midst
of contradiction and the wound - because the wound is always already
exterior to language and the process of semiosis - and because then
the question is a question, IN reality, of SPEAKING OTHERWISE.

[I must end on the prosaic note or frame of the bracket, that the
contradiction of this essay is a necessary interpenetration to avoid
'SPEAKING THE TRUTH.']

---------

*Elsewhere a claim could be made that these films are representative
of a cultural projection 'beyond' their periodization, just as the
construct of cinema is 'beyond' linguistic specificity. See my THESES
ON THE INVERSION OF THE CINEMA in MILLENNIUM FILM JOURNAL #13.

---------

But now I speak in the midst of psychosis; the web has cauterized my
intestinal tract, rendering interior and exterior identical. This is 
NOT an equivalence (as in the 'equivalence of function' for example),
but an IDENTITY, permanent and absolute, impermanent and momentary - 
an identity permitting nothing. For in the FUTURE-ANTERIOR, I have
absorbed the positionality and presence of the terminal; I no longer
distinguish (except on the level of syntax).

I PRODUCE SYNTAX. Ecriture calculateur.

---------


PSYCHOSIS


I remain in a state of psychosis. My life consists of an *appearance*
in relation to a terminal, a reduction to a behavioral model that is
problematized by the violence within me. Nothing escapes and nothing 
escapes my notice. I exist on the verge of an enormous ship, set out
from the prow, which overlooks the conjuncture of three streets; in 
the evening, lights dimly illuminate them to a distance of a mile or
so. In the midst of the yellow lights, the blue terminal rings false
and hopeful, guiding me carefully through bullets and traffic, the
illegibility of bodies strewn among landscapes. What is this talking- 
to-oneself but a desire to bridge across flesh, suture flesh, in order
to construct an impossible real. I am caught in virtual life, which is
not the same as the virtual real, but a life always elsewhere, wired
in and out, a skein of recognitions and protocols producing nothing.

I say this by way of acknowledging an absence of affect which returns
me to the body, toggling off: by this I mean all that which depriva-
tion produces, the affect of hunger or thirst. Ironically, only the
yearning of irreducible love can be fulfilled; desire channels itself
through every pore of the body, including the visible. I yearn to
stand in the midst of cyberspace, screaming where am I (hoping for an
address in return .com), but I am already there. Every message is
simultaneously an attestation of presence and emptiness; every thread
carries annihilation and the kill control at its binary heart.

By DELAY I play you back whenever I want. By REPEAT you say you love
me, once again, over and over again, blind repetition. By REWRITE, you
rewrite yourself into me, write myself, another construct. What I give
you is always already ordered, the muted marching of graphemes across
and through the machine; even your voice ACROSS the speakers is THERE,
across for my pleasure, a speaking into the imaginary (the symbolic
has long since abandoned the net) or the transfiguration of speech...
So that what you SAY is what you SPEAK and this is always a
positivity, safe haven, not the hollowed chatter of voices summoning
the juridical to and from themselves within the heated environment of
telephone conferencing, the site of the seminar, classroom livingroom
bedroom.

If NEUROSIS is the presence of REWRITE, PSYCHOSIS is the presence of
DELAY. By PRESENCE in telecommunications, I refer to nothing more or
less than THE POTENTIAL FOR ACTIVATION. A potential is a site is an
address/recognition/protocol; a potential is an inhabitation or 
dwelling of and through the net. 

Appearing before the terminal, I am aware of an interior construct in
the presence of vacuity; like light in water, my body refracts the
speed of teleporting, slowing down as waves course through the flesh,
altering direction and intensity. MY THINKING HAS BECOME A REMAINDER.
Which is not to say a BEHAVIOR; in this space, there is no behavior.
Remainder is always a presence. 

Thus the psychosis becomes MY OWN, external to any conceivable cons-
truct (of self, community, recognition), which is to some extent the
DEFINITION of psychosis. And with this MY OWN, there is always a 
problem in the liminal district between life within and without the
computer, a problem of boundaries or border-line personalities, a 
problem of margins to which we are all attendant. As psychotic, 
addiction is defined by an impossible separation; as attached, the 
world is all to readily constructed. Here ON the computer, overlooking
the real (which, psychotic, is defined as ALWAYS ALREADY ELSEWHERE no 
matter what the TERMINAL EMULATION), the streetlights are construed 
as havens of safety from gang and terrorist violence; they also 
illuminate their prey.

---

I remain in a state of psychosis. My life consists of an *appearance*
which I construct - anything to please you, anything to pass. By DELAY
you hold me against my wishes, force me into a mold or mode of 
approval. I can do this for you; I can move my fingers against the
keys in a form of reconstructive surgery. THIS IS WHAT IT TAKES. I 
pass for genius, for professor, for teenager, for angry rebel, for
artist, for someone 'with something to say,' someone who always 
listens for the careful reply. Passing inhabits negation; the other
side of the screen fills with recriminations, the designation of an
allegiance between truth and flesh. Psychosis splits the subject at
this point, not between subject and object, but between subject and
subject, the whole (which was always a coagulation) fissured and
collapsed. 

I cannot write this any longer; distended, it leans against the
symmetrical substructure of the page, places itself in apposition to
theory. Victimized by a MUSCULAR IMBALANCE, I await the onset of a
SECRETARIAL SYNDROME or 'writer's cramp,' the joints winking out one
by one in the midst of a certainty that thinks itself always
elsewhere.

Anger rises within me, protrudes and constructs a state of
detumescence. The replies, signed and unsigned, reduced to liquid
liquidation, flood terminal and file alike; the replies are my own,
pinged to each and every site on the Internet, an assurance of
existence if nothing else. And nothing else; a single loss is already
a node of emission, irreparable damage to a psyche given only to
continuous reconstitution in order to hold its own. Surgery exists to
replace the suture. The body divides not at all. The embryonic fold is
hidden between anus and penis, across the plateau of the lips or the
ridging of hair on the chest. NOT TO MENTION the duplication of the
body, side by side. NOT TO MENTION the duplication.

Unlike Lautreamont, I no longer WRITE MYSELF INTO EXISTENCE; I rewrite
myself and continue to exist as long as REWRITE itself. REWRITE must
be recognized; unlike traditional models of psychosis, it is precisely
this recognition which permits an untoward internalization. I WRITE
with green letters on a purple screen. I remain in a state of
psychosis.

(I WRITE with yellow letters on a black screen. I WRITE with white 
letters on a blue screen.)


sondheim@newschool.edu                                    4.24.2011

END OF WEB.TXT PROPER. SUPPLEMENTARY TEXTS FOLLOW.



CLARITY OF DISMEMBERMENT


As part of the POMO-L list stemming from Christopher Keep, an essay by
Jerome McGann, *The Rationale of Hypertext* was offered. In it, McGann
offers excellent arguments for the utilization of hypermedia for
literary studies. The ability of these media to microscopically
examine literary remains of all sorts problematizes the field and the
phenomenology of the humanities in general. The following is a reply.


To place Emily Dickinson within a grid structure not only reveals new
relationships among her poems and other artifacts, but also creates a
problematic structure of equivalences and threads which have little to
do with at least one of the issues of poetry: that of its materiality/
materialization, its 'idiotic real,' to amend a concept from Rosset.
Consider a trajectory, for example, in which the *pressure of her
writing implement* becomes a matter of concern - i.e. where Dickinson
pressed harder or softer upon the writing surface, judged by the
*depth of the written letter* or some such parameter. (This might be
of use to determine a degree of nervousness or tension or a
symtomology of hesitation.) Eventually, the entire opus is splayed
open upon a multi-dimensional grid, within which the poetry itself
becomes nomadic (i.e. becomes a *thread* itself through the sememe of
the *corpus*). It is too easy to forget, that in spite of all the
variants, etc. her poems *stuttered* - were produced individually for
private and/or epistolary perusal - in different stages, and that
variants are always (each for the others) *something else.* 

The skein of interpretations, etc. elicited by a hypertext *modelling
of the poet* is enormous and indefinite, just as the hypertext itself
is. Such a skein or *web* is equivalent to nothing less than the
modelling of Dickinson's body* - a *private* body or *body of privacy*
which was never intended for external and anonymous consumption. The
politics implicit in the hypertextual analytic are therefore highly
suspect.

For what is the benefit of the *Emily-WEB*? What is the benefit of
literary studies altogether? As the hypertextual analyses distend/
descend into the molecular, the splayed body clearly represents a
state of desire and imaginary possession - i.e. 'we have her now' - a
possession reminiscent of that of a lover/stalker in search of an
uncanny sublime (*Emily-Web-Wet-Dream*). What is ultimately *raised
(from the dead)* is the simulacrum or fantasm of the woman, the
*favorite object of study* - one can see this in operation, for
example, in the fetishization of filmmaker Maya Deren. (Consider the
Usenet possibilities: alt.fan.fetish.Emily.web, alt.sex.Emily. What of
the woman's voice that speaks through disembodiment; LITERARY STUDIES
ARE ALWAYS STUDIES OF VOICE-OVERS, Vygotsky's *inner speech.* In
death, *Emily-Web-Speech* is that of the maternal chora(l), one's own
private dream-screen-memory...)

If these issues were only addressed (Barthes came close)... What is
lost in McGann's and other's account is the *inertia* of the poem, its
presence *then* and its resulting *distanciation* from our own
present. Such a distanciation inhabits and produces the *unaccount-
able,* an obdurate historical trope which *cannot* be subsumed and is
always already unknowable. To a degree, the splayed body is a false
knowledge constituted and contaminated by the desire of the theorist 
(and this applies to myself, as well, in relation for example to my
INTERNET TEXT which is a devouring or fetishization - and which allows
me the glimpse of an impossible *maternal*). 

Recognize that the *Emily-Web-Splayed-Body* is the result of hypertex-
tual machinery, machinery which surgically devours the textual body
according to the inscription-knife of the scholar or critic. This is
always a choice through and in the midst of the symbolic; hypertext is
interstitial. Thus the body is triply contaminated: by desire, by
machine, and by interstice (the digital approaches the analog only to
a degree, no matter how high the tolerance - the 'truth' that appears
to be offered is always *porous*).

And the splayed Dickinsonian body *cannot resist.* It is evident that
during her lifetime of relative solitude she *circumscribed* herself
with a high degree of privacy. The violation of this circumscription
does not open her poems, perhaps, so much as foreclose upon her body.
If privacy were part and parcel of her (her/metic) content, then its
violation is already a stripping of language, content, and the inert.
Of course there is no return to a state of innocence; as knowledge of
*Emily-Minutia* increases, the *Emily-Web* itself becomes unwieldy,
necessitating further data-bases, further obscurities. (Which brings
me to Kristeva's REVOLUTION IN POETIC LANGUAGE, a work constructed on
the murmuring and surplus of language, language's operations forming a
hard-to-swallow kernel in the midst of everyday speech. In REVOLUTION,
language has primacy over a *Ducasse/Mallarme-Web,* a primacy based on
the obdurate. Neither Isidore nor Stephane are skewered in the
process.)

Which brings me to conclusion: What of *hypertext, machine, desire,
**Emily-Web,** dissection*? Aren't these the results of the implicit
unravelling of the theorist's desire? Doesn't this occur upon the
body-as-database that construes a primary violation? All of these
questions are clearly grounded in the more general one of *the future
of the humanities,* a question lodged in the midst of hypertextuality
and *electronic subjectivity* in general.

sondheim@newschool.edu
-----------

I MOVED INTO THE FOURTH SECTOR WHERE THE PASSWORDS WERE. 


I was thrown off; they weren't at the beginning or the end - and if
they were meant to be disguised, why were they located so close to 
the beginning - it didn't take much to retrieve them, or any other 
information for that matter. 

This movement occurred elsewhere, not a moment of thought to it! You
might have imagined the physical transport of one or another object 
- you might have imagined wandering through cyberspace - but nothing
could be farther from the truth. No, I MOVED INTO THE FOURTH SECTOR;
there are those who recognize this and those who don't, just as there
are those with computers and those who can hardly read or write.

To be illiterate means that you won't be able to read or decode this
information - it's obdurate, a stumbling block to any higher level.
But I do want to make clear (in this residue, like a diary left by a
novelist in her construction of a novel) (or other narratological 
machine), that 'higher' is hardly a matter of degree or topology.

At one point, you'd consider 'higher' to refer either directly to 
'height' or to a superset subsuming lower-level architectures and
their linkages. The linkages were never part of the architectures,
and were thereby invisible; their presence was only in the form of
input and output. From within, a GREAT DEGREE OF FREEDOM. From 
without, all those protocols, recognitions, SUBJECTIVITY constrained
by the 'system.'

The system was never a system. If it were a system there would be
rules, and I read none. There would be protocols, and there weren't 
any. There would be nomenclature, some form of addressing, and this 
too was absent. And in the fourth sector I was hardly aware of the 
other three, but only of the presence of CLARA, the name I had chosen
from within a myriad others, but there was no system and the name was
not within the system.

I would never reach a higher level tunnelling and locking myself into
the phenomenology of the proper name, a name which remained rigid,
the interconnectivities of invisible flesh. I knew that names were
removable; I had a suspicion that a wraith or ghost would result.
This could only occur in the form of a NULL-SET VIRUS replicating
itself without the presence of memory, in no-memory-space but 
murmur-space.

Murmur-space was where you went to decode CLARA, already filled with
the null-set. 

There was always already a question of the decoding, that is a 
question of the use or function of the passwords. Consider this bit
of data: CLARA:>\0 where "0" clearly was a stand-in for a demarcation
or inscription BETWEEN ONE AND ANOTHER DISCARD: Xn[-X]=0.rel.X or the
semantic boundary (intersection) between the concept and its negation
which was always relativized by the concept. In CLARA:>\0 the "rel"
was missing, taking the "X" along with it - no boundary, no concept,
nothing but a neutral token "0" which, drained of meaning, indicated
that the password was a blind alley.

I had this insight: ALL PASSWORDS ARE BLIND ALLEYS. (For a moment it
appeared as if there were nowhere to go.) In murmur-space, there is
never anywhere to go.

"One interesting kind of a projection onto the image of one's own 
body (or onto the real body of another) is the phenomenon of the
self-creation of the CORPOREAL FACE. In this phenomenon, one sees a
face of a "monstrous being" whose PROJECTED FEATURES are made up on
the following real body parts: the real shoulders become the "top of
head," mammal areolae become "oculi" (with female, proptosis), navel
to "nares," pubes to "mouth," and with male, penis to "lingua." This
face, though quite vacuous of itself, can be made quite frightening,
sad or happy with proper programming. Once seen, it is easily pro- 
grammed even with extreme body position changes. Analysis shows, in 
a particular case, that this face is in storage from very young 
childhood and was generated/resulted from phantasies about bodies,
male and female, threatening/seductive. This projection is useful as
a tracer of certain kinds of fears." (Lilly, THE HUMAN BIOCOMPUTER)

There was never anywhere to go because murmur-space didn't have
topography or topology; it was impossible to splice. Replications
followed on replications, and sheaves collapsed into one another, all
ontologically suspect. This was the PARADOX OF THE INFINITE described
by many philosophers: Given a book one inch thick, let the first page
be half an inch wide, the second page half the width of the first,
etc. Clearly the book contains an infinite amount of pages. The front
cover, *CLARA.WEB* is an object like any other, the promise of
cultural fulfillment, a certain plunge into desire and absolution.
But what happens when you turn the book over? Here, now, MURMUR-SPACE
appears within the turbulence of the infinite itself, quantum tunnel-
ling characterizing indescribable seething - seething absolutely 
silent, occluding, absent. Here was the corrosion of the CLara-
designator, as useless (more useless! without coordinates!) as a 
black-hole, pertaining to nothing. 

In MOVING ABOUT within the fourth sector, I began to realize the
NATURE OF ALL THINGS in the FACE OF THE BODY, and, removing myself,
began to conceive of a DISCOURSE or TEXT within which to display the
TRUTHS I have learned. This short essay, ALL I COULD MUSTER, is what
remains. SHALL I VENTURE THERE AGAIN? I am blocked by the most
primary protocols of all: their ABSENCE, the absence of any gateways
whatsoever. I meander, turn upon myself on this side of a region
without valleys, hills, bridges, or those long highways appearing
almost linear in the dusk. I form a knot, which some designate (else- 
where than CLARA.NULL!) the beginning of an ego or the conscious...
-----------


*CLARA.WEB*


Thinking at night, lying back, my full breasts exposed to the waning
neon light, cycling back upon itself, my fingers softly touching the
upper regions of the clitoris, realms that I hold sacred or wait in
abeyance, during these moments the deep male voice appears, I am in 
trance, rising fully above my golden body, illuminations sparkling
around the wind-swept room, conjuring always a sacrifice beyond

During these moments the cry of a solitary rooster far off, even 
farther than the distant cane fields, breaks my silence, the homey 
smell of beans on the mesquite fire, the dreamwork of a thin sliver 
of blood flowing from the feathered neck, the caw of the black crow,
returning to the Torah illuminated by negative symbols and darkened
dreams

They are all in a flight, chaining each to the other, the body in
murmur-space disappearing down or beneath the wooden planking of the
tunnel floor, my arms sweating in the dim light, candles in one or
another shanty, an odor of jasmine and ginger almost indescribable

Lunar whispers, my fingers deeper within my shadows, the voice 
giving way to a muffled chant, a repetition of four times four, the
rustle of a ferret in the underbrush, the double shadows of the moons
crossing my cunt, dividing and healing me, the bringing-together of
my labia moist with the pressure of sensitive hands

The touch of the warm earth, wet and textured with dark roots, ivy 
slowly spinning its way along buried stems, a solid or obdurate 
pleasure grounding the upper world in the lower, my back half-buried
in mud smoothed by water-plants and mollusca, the tidal seething
into my cunt, into my anus, my head, long black hair, thrown back
in incandescent laughter, the rooster suddenly silenced.
-----------


SUDDENLY SINGING


I moved into the first sector.
Throughout the first sector I moved. C:>\0.
I moved in the midst of the second sector.
Everywhere in the second sector I moved. C:>\debug.
I moved beyond the third sector.
Within the third sector I moved beyond. C:>\defrag.
I moved across the fourth sector.
WHERE THE PASSWORDS WERE I moved across the fourth sector.
WHERE THERE WAS NOTHING I moved throughout the fourth sector.
WHERE I HAD NO NAME I moved everywhere in the fourth sector.
NULL-SET VIRUS AND NOWHERE TO GO: C:>\C:>\\DELETE.GLOBAL.

The passwords were on a loop. I couldn't break through. The cane was
ready for harvesting. Having no secrets my legs opened wider. I 
opened them as wide as possible. You have no way to decode. You have
no construct of DECODE. DELETE is the best you come up with. DELETE
is no answer at all. I came up with the blind alley. I came up with
CLARA.NULL! You have all my secrets. O C:>SECRETS.TXT! C:>CLARA.WEB.
(The period begins the existence of another path.) I splayed my legs
open for you! I gave you a gift!

C:>ACCESS DENIED.
C:>LOGIN USER-NAME. sondheim@newschool.edu
C:>LOGIN PASSWORD.
-----------
---------------------------------------------------------------------


((((And I came to this conclusion:

DEATH, By A. Hacker

There is nothing reasonable to learn from death. Death cannot teach
anything. Death is the ending of nothing. Death is an event in
everyone else's life. Lives are divided by the witnessing of death;
this is no division, but only an occasional event.

You are my death. I watch you die which is an experience that has
nothing to do with death, but is the definition and inscription of
death. There is nothing more to it. Death is not beyond your death nor
is there death beyond mine. I shall never cease to be. Nothing occurs
within a before or after.

You become a murmur or a whisper. You inhabit death which is always an
imminent transformation. I await nothing. When your death comes, the
murmur is a residue. I do not see you all that much, even if you are
constantly within my presence.

My presence is always the occasion of your death. Without my presence,
you will never die. But my presence is always THERE and always the web
or inversion of an occurrence. This must be absolutely clear.

This must be clear because of the quality of your death which has
produced a great deal of nonsense; in fact, has produced the construct
of the cultural itself. The quality is always a blurred or blunted
inscription. But what is occasioned reverberates back onto that which
writes or occasions this writing, a false reverberation, filled with
elasticity. It is the belief that your death sucks and creates the
marrow of the world, an eschatological meaning. Or that your death
defies the absence of meaning, cancels meaning's problematic. That
there is a truth in death beyond the uncanny. That there is death.
That there is death beyond you.

If you are my death, you are also the time of my death. You are time
and I extrapolate an indefinite continuum - the year 2400, for
example, which creates an effortless and unoccasioned anxiety. But I
cannot allow myself to be fooled by you. Nor do I think I will "live
forever." This is not an occasion of LIVING.

LIVING is not an occasion, which your death is. Living is inert, not
meaning. One believes: meaning is inert, not life. But in fact the
opposite is true. Meaning is always a presupposition. Living is not
even the semblance of a given, or an existence. Living is not an
occasioning of one or its being. At best it is the referent of a
certain motility. But living is obdurate; your death is not.

I am not cancelled in the midst of my death. I do not die by degrees or
through calculation; the actuarial or forensic have no place. Neither
however does the world disappear when I close my eyes. My eyes close
because my eyes open; my sleep occurs because of my wakefulness.
Nor is it a question that "I cannot imagine otherwise" when I can 
imagine everything in the world. My imagination occurs through
mediation, but it is my own. Beyond my imagination there is nothing.

Certainly I can extrapolate your death into my life, as if there were
a cessation present, as if for example I could imagine the
immobilization of my limbs. But this is an imaginary and nothing else;
an extrapolation is only an exhausted inscription. It is not that I am
the world although I am the portal of the world. This is not
metaphysical nor does it refer to a first or last consciousness; the
world is not conscious, is fully cognizant of death, cognizant of your
death. Neither is the world consensus.

Who are you in the question of this death. It is not by chance that it
may or may not be an acquaintance. To be acquainted with you is to be
acquainted with your cessation, with your memory. You carry your
memory with you. You carry your memory in the form of a murmur which I
hear, which I am capable of hearing. The murmur says nothing; it is
the shadow or the stain of a voice; mute, it says everything. Your
murmur is not an aura nor is it an excess or a curlicue; it is not a
shade or a shadow, nor is it an accompaniment. Nor is it characterized
as it may seem to be, by negation.

As an acquaintance, you move closer or farther by immeasurable
degrees. In no way can I account for you; in every way you are
unaccountable and unaccounted-for, an other which is never the same.
Only the death of the other is accountable, although this is not ever
a question of responsibility; you are never "responsible for your
death" nor are you responsible for the death of any other. Death is a
neutral inscription; it is not a null set dividing life from the
inert, nor the residue of an inscription. But it is not immanent,
either, nor is it a "condition" of life, or your condition. You are
not conditioned by death, just as you are not conditioned by life. 

You may be responsible for the life of others. But this
"responsibility" is different that a responsibility for your own
death; to say you are not responsible for the death of others implies
there is no causal relationship between you and the deaths of others.
You may be responsible for their LIVES; thinking otherwise INTO death
is false. (Just as there is no truth in life, there is only falseness.
What is false is false by virtue of a misconstrual of belief. To
believe otherwise is false.)

Your death weighs heavily upon me; that is the condition of my
relation with you. But it is not the condition of my death, nor does
it have anything further to do with me. Death, which is obdurate for
you, is ineffectual. It is an effect of the world not my own. Always
through the other it produces the text. The text is a sign of its
death. I am the you who are speaking through it.

[What should be clear is that this is also the obdurate of the
CONCEPT. The concept has no site/sight/citation. It is a linking to
the frailty of death. Death is frail only because it is your own.
It is not the construct of the text, this or any other.]))))
-----------
----------------------------------------------------------------------




EXISTENCE, ALAN-L, JEAN PAUL SARTRE


It's dark out there. I wait for your return. The wires are quiet.
Emptied sleeves filled with angels traverse the fiber optics, silent
ghosts, silent shades of ghosts. Behind the computer is the window of
the world; I can sense it. The dog that barks has never had a written
form. I have bent the three-dimensionality of lived space into a
corner of the flat screen. I am moderate.

My list is the ALAN-L. You can subscribe to it at listserv@brown.cc.
brown.edu. I chose Brown because it was my alma mater. Self-discussion
occupies the womb of education. I inscribe myself within the vaginal
walls. Angela has given me trouble. 

Angela writes in every day to the ALAN-L. She complains about its lack
of direction, that there is nothing to discuss. She has been
inadvertently unsubscribed several times. I do nothing to encourage
her. She returns for what she calls *the menu of the next day.* What
am I to do except ACK each and every letter, footnotes and sigs. At
times I consider her a "faithful follower," wondering what that
means - both on the list and in real life? What is meaning? Her
address ends in .no, Norway, where she has an http, keeping each and
every contribution to ALAN-L, including my occasional replies.
Everything is organized according to threads, in digest form. But
every header is also retained - Angela is afraid of missing a beat, of
losing the slightest nuance. 

I begin to depend on Angela. I imagine her with dark hair; my
imagination becomes an earnest image, in an arena of the absence of
love. Her appearance on my mail server is a simulacrum of desire, of
bitter weather. Her state is always problematic; I think of her
staring intently at the screen, ALAN-L, ALAN-L, a state of suspension,
a state of disbelief. One always writes in order to gain something;
her writing to me (for I must consider it that, on a daily basis, the
prop (or *proof*?) of my existence) results in the CONSTRUCTION OF A
BRIDGE OR OTHER DEVICE between one and another real. Long ago, I
forgave (foreclosed!) upon a physical existence necessarily bound to
the weight and inertia of the *real.* This is not to say that nothing
occurs beyond ALAN-L; beyond, everything occurs, and I am immersed in
everything...

But there is a return of course to the excessivity of the sign, which
is where Angela, beginning with the same imperturbable letter, exists.
Think of ALAN-L as a THICK ROOT or TUBER - something massive and
obdurate (that word again!); it is a binding or suture upon the pain
of the world, which increases yearly beyond measure. What holds it in
the throes of UNIX is the index of its activity; Angela provides the
BINDING-ENERGY itself. I am a nucleus of differentiated domains and
drives, threatening to fissure, a state of self-revolution without
community, embodying anger and violence. 

It is neither the content of the ANGELA-MESSAGE-THREAD nor the daily
repetition that sustains my life through another dawn and dusk, nor is
it the existence of the bridge. And in fact I DO exist of course
beyond ALAN-L, just as every list has a bridge which is its content, a
theme discussed by its members (and ALAN-L had at least eighty at the
last REVIEW). No, I think it has to do with the tropology of desire
itself, a desire which animates the presence of SIGHT, of SITE, of
CITATION, all those modernist concepts which return under the guise of
recognitions and addresses to provide me with sufficient reading-
material to GUARANTEE THE DAY (or its LAW!).

SIGHT: For Angela comes to inhabit ALAN-L, a state of dissemination or
meta-transference, questioning the list and its members, repositioning
herself in the face of flaming, agreement, disagreement, rude remarks
or *come-ons* made by one or another member. And SITE: For her
Norwegian location is based upon the premise of the physical, against
which she presents an argumentative feminism, as well as an amazing
comprehension of male and female behaviors - I sense this, no matter
what the thread or query. Finally, CITATION: Upon tradition (yes,
ALAN-L already has its own!) or *natural* consensus, Angela has either
started or circumscribed the majority of threads on ALAN-L, ranging 
from questions of NOMENCLATURE ("What exactly is a *rigid designator*"
Angelac@bcn.searn.cc.no) to desire itself ("Who are you? Who are you?
What do you want? What do you want with me?" Angelac@bcn.searn.cc.no).
I take pleasure in the fact that her address contains both angels and
lakes, thick flight through waters bridging themselves. I take
pleasure in an anguish and anxiety that keeps her present, always
approaching, never a suspension.


*** "I am sitting at a table on rue des livres, before a small cafe. I
am reading Lautreamont, his responsibility for the death of the
nineteenth and subsequent centuries. It is late 1944, the last days of
the Resistance. I have been writing for a long time now; my knapsack
contains manuscripts granting Man his freedom in the face of
annihilation. He projects himself from and through the evident slime
of the body, which is a recognition also occasioned by Marx and
considered in sufficient measure in Plato's Parmenides. Maurice, who
continues to specialize in perception, approaches me. He is working as
a waiter, and I am afraid that I am not *up to his presence,* that my
emptiness is evident to everyone, the beginnings of the theater of the
absurd. As if to emphasize this, shots are heard faintly in the
distance. It is autumn and it is war-time and it is Paris. Simone is
somewhere around; I have not seen her for several days. I have nick-
names for her. Maurice approaches.

Maurice approaches and recognizes me; he was not sure at first. I
perceive his look as something more, a glance which *will undo me,*
but within which my annihilation is a freedom, bracketing him and
myself - a freedom which is not an escape but a project, even a
responsibility. I am aware as well of the *weak part* of my thinking
here - that there is *no responsibility* within and without
existence - one has nothing to do with the other. But without
responsibility, the resistance - and in fact the subsequent cold war -
would be rendered problematic, dangerous, and *meaningful.* This is
the contradiction - it is the meaninglessness (the absence of any
attributive meaning) that keeps the resistance alive, just as the
floor is alive beneath my feet, permitting me to walk upon the
material-inert without a *further thought.* Such is the case here as
well. I do not even consider the relative symmetry of the situation -
M-P's recognition of me, for example, and his own positionality
therein. For THIS IS NO CONCERN OF MINE, nor can it be. I remember
that I am simultaneously *in flight* and *in nothingness* and the
blankness, which can only come from a marxism I now abjure, gives me
the ability to cite myself, situate myself, even beyond an imperfect
vision (I am always *occasioned* to wear a pair of glasses, for
example). 

Surely for M-P it is different, utterly so; he at once perceives me in
my fullness associated with a negation at the heart of perception. But
I BELIEVE ONLY IN MYSELF which is *no belief at all*; he still remains
AT ONE WITH THE BODY, an *occasioning* of the body (which I STILL only
associate with the need for glasses and other sites or situations of
scarcity). 

The Resistance, in fact, is just such an occasion, one which
contradicts every form of seriality under capital - one which proceeds
from individual through groups to an unspeakable release - unspeakable
precisely because of secrecy, the absence of sight or citation.

These were thoughts that occurred to me during that autumn of 1944,
which is NOW and will remain so, by virtue of the accessibility/excess
of the written holding time in abeyance. Simone and I are two poles or
worlds together and apart; conversations flourish at the cafe, where I
hold forth. Pierre works alongside Maurice, and I am face-to-face with
Pierre on a daily basis, a face-to-face which foregrounds the Other
who forecloses upon myself. I am uncomfortable in my skin. Death is
always this Other. Death is always the occasion of the hole whose rim
promulgates an annihilation in the midst of battle, the hole filled
with anonymous flesh I can neither comprehend nor perceive. What I
perceive is only my own shit, my own corruption; it is this which is a
message of freedom in these dark days. I recognize that Being and
Nothingness is a dark text, the darkest for these times; I recognize
that it will be eclipsed in the future, torn apart by a pacific
world - but only to reappear once again in darker days when the world
begins again to fall apart - become DISEMBODIED. In this manner, we -
for I speak for myself and my generation and those generations who
will continue to hear me - ground ourselves in an EXISTENCE before
each and every ESSENCE upon which we are not CHOSEN, but CHOOSE. It is
a choice which keeps us alive, and I will spell out its relationship
to responsibility in a world without god, and I hope to do this
through and within a world without marx, but I recognize my necessity
for marx, and its fallibility.

But what I am spelling out, in the face of Pierre or the presence of
Maurice, which is also the occasion of the presence of his writing,
is, in fact, my freedom, my freedom in its darkest hour, in the midst
of disgust at myself, at the world, and against the backdrop of the
Resistance for whom, of course, I have the greatest respect. The
conversation becomes more animated at the cafe; paradoxically, it is
my companions who enable the philosophy of isolation - my community
and grounding in the Resistance that proceeds to the almost aggressive
and antagonistic presence of the Other. This is an almost-masculine
universe, but one operational under the only sign of truth there is,
which is no truth, not that of Dasein nor that of inscription nor
scripture, but a truth contained in nullity, in nothingness. Certainly
existence, which is without proof and without need of proof; essence
is a necessitated and therefore immanent *gift* on a platter. In the
distance, the rumble of guns grows louder. I shudder, thinking of the
camps I have heard *something of,* the camps in Germany and Poland,
and perhaps Austria as well. Refugees are everywhere, hidden against
Petain, against the Gestapo, against the Germans in general, against
everyone - life is a hiding-against everyone, in fact. I have never
conclusively shown this, nor any other thing. Berdyaev was at the
other end of town preaching his brand of Orthodoxy (I heard something
of it in translation); there are a number of Russians, all here after
the Revolution, lending Paris an aristocratic and somewhat jaded air. 

I no longer want to think this through; it is time that Being and
Nothingness were *put to an end* or completion, as they say. Writing
is a habit or inhabitation; I exist *in order to* write, which is my
choice and not that of the Other, although it is that in the face of
the Other, Pierre or Maurice, each and every one. Before me is a
yellowed pad of paper, a continuity I create for myself, *hold forth*
for me each and every day. I use a thin black pen; it suits my
temperment. Others come and go, some approach and join me for a short
time; no matter - philosophy is always the occasion for interruptions,
ever since Plato founded his dialogues upon it. Philosophy without
interruption would cease in a fundamental way to be dialectical; it
would lose its contact with the world of the cafe and the worker, with
the world of the Resistance and the Other - in fact, it would CEASE TO
RESIST, would cease to be philosophy (cease to exist). Now, here in
Europe, there is a night which is always falling. Now here, a chill
wind is in the air; the lamps are finally lit, casting yellow glows
against the houses plastered and replastered in war-time Paris. I put
down my pen for the last time, but not for the last time. These are
the final words of what was once *my little book,* which I am about to
release to the world. Exist first; everything is given. My life is a
responsibility absurdly occasioned. I am nothing, neither necessity
nor project. I exist." ***

(Jean-Paul Sartre, BEING AND NOTHINGNESS, pp. 644-647, 1st edition)

sondheim@newschool.edu



----------------------------------------------------------------------

Electronic distribution accompanied by author's name is permitted and
encouraged.

Alan Sondheim
432 Dean St.
Bklyn, NY, USA, 11217




ANGRY AT SIG.


Can I move somewhere here? You're always in the way, in my dreams. I'm
angry at my signature, my emblem. I'm angry at everything in the world
and this "anger is an energy" (PIL) which is grounded so I can't use
it, grounded in my sig., in my emblem expressive of everything I
believe, what you will remember long after my words have been
forgotten. My words are summarized in my sig.; heraldry is a heralding
or announcement of the symbolic far beyond flesh itself - there is
nothing inert here, nothing but the arrangement of pure information -
consuming only the fantastic of the world. But I'm angry at my sig.
which has broken away from me, my sig. which exists as if there were
no tomorrow or no yesterday, as if there were no responsibility - 

Who assigns responsibility? sig. wants to know - What is the CLEAR
FORM of this documentation, a form withering sig. through the
penetration of noise? I am angry at my sig. because of this issue of
responsibility and because I have no control and there is no restraint
provided on the other side of the symbolic, something I would have
surmised otherwise were there opportunity. I PICTURE BLOOD THROUGHOUT
THE DOMAIN OF THE IMAGINARY, rivers and pools of blood, a
contamination running deep even across the terminal screen, letters
changing to darker reds, one after another, reds spilling from
FOREGROUND to BACKGROUND, the obliteration of even the simplest act of
writing, act of speech or even the idiotic carving of hieroglyphic -

The sig. is safe, the sig. is encapsulated, lost in another subroutine
or program, always inaccessible, always beyond the pools of blood,
broken limbs, scattered brains - beyond anger itself, radiating a
certain coolness - something uncharacteristic IN THESE HARSH TIMES
over which, clearly, I have no control. The sig. is always already a
violation or transgression, contradicting what only the flesh can
express; it will remain long after I am gone. Did I say I will be
forgotten? The sig. is an unexploded mortar shell in a constant state
of collapse, a flattening of the materiality of the world which has
all but disappeared. The sig. knows nothing of this, and I am angry at
my sig. because it is isolated from all I hold dear, my loved ones, my
children, my aged parents, my aged grandparents, generation upon
generation, homesteads and inhabitants. I tell myself, THERE IS A
WHOLE WORLD OUT THERE without the recognition of thought or thinking
beyond that of the murmur, and you have heard enough of the murmur,
have murmured enough, have encapsulated the murmur itself, almost as a
sig. alternative which it is not.

For the murmur is as moronic as you are, watching me with eyes shoved
through the midst of a letter-spew completely out of control. And the
murmur as you well know is COMPLETELY INCAPABLE - the 'of' hardly
necessary - it would only connect by way of a circuitous return to the
sig. which is the inaccessible origin of the problem in the first
place, in the last place. (Clearly the sig. topples any clear-thinking
I would otherwise have; if you can understand this, you can begin
making the reconnections, if the murmur has not already discouraged
the clarity of thought which is the clarity of comprehension and
silence). Did I speak of this 'inaccessibility'? It exists far beyond
the subroutine or subprogram already mentioned; it extends to the
inaccessibility of the signifier itself, something one is all too
familiar with. It is a reminder of the remainder, a production of the
inexcessive. Anger swirls around it like a black hole, feeds it, only
to return as noise (murmur again). Anger is an energy but it ceases in
the presence of the sig. to be my own, nor does it become that of
another, but exists inert, mute, which is the state of anger, state of
catatonia, depression -

My depression grows beyond all bounds; there are no checkpoints, no
interiors or exteriors, no exits or inroads. My depression covers the
planet and is located in the potential well which is the subroutine
surrounding the sig. so although I can ASSIGN IT SUCH AND SUCH A SITE
it does me little good, does me no good whatsoever. It only brings me
back to the topic which is THE ONLY CONCEIVABLE FUNCTIONING OF THIS
AND EVERY OTHER TOPIC which is the fact that YOU ARE IN THE WAY and
this stumbling-around becomes my condition which, identified with the
second person, FISSURES the first, which is my presence already
destroyed by what is invisible.

For the sig. is invisible, lost in the midst of commands which are
actions not taken or taken poorly, and I am used to everything here,
before me or laid out in order. This invisibility BECOMES an
inaccessible knowledge or knowledge of the inaccessible, and I think
of you, can not get you out of my mind, A CLARA, which is the sig.-
shunt, were such to exist.

A PARTICLE OR A PRESENCE OR A DEMONSTRATION OF AN ARTICULATED
STRUCTURE, SOMETHING CLAIMED FOR THE PURPOSE OF A CIRCUMSCRIPTION OF A
NAME, THE NOMENCLATURE-MEMBRANE OR EMISSION OF A NAME, A DIAGRAM.




Received: From ZEOS/MAILQUEUE by newschool.edu
	  via Charon 3.4 with IPX id 101.940420021828.448;
	  20 Apr 94 02:18:32 -0500

To:           SONDHEIM@newschool.edu
From:         SONDHEIM@newschool.edu
Date:         20 Apr 94 02:18:28 EDT
Subject:      Residue
X-mailer:     Pegasus Mail v2.3 (R3).

To:            Sondheim@Newschool.Edu
From:          SONDHEIM@newschool.edu
Date:          20 Apr 94 02:17:09 EDT
Subject:       Residue

My ambition is to be within you, for my writing to be a thinking-
through-thought that you would immediately apprehend, take it for
your own. This is the writing which goes down quickly, emerges at
each and every hole, transforming the body into a self-liquidation
throughout death, throughout the abject corrosion of the proper name.

Beyond the protocol, I have no proper name; this is what a ring or
other algebra might be, this lack which possesses only an external
attribute, the slough of the margin.

The margin is always in the form of a discard, brought back within
you as these words present themselves through your thinking. You are
the speaker of these words, which murmur in a realm of self-
liquidation, a realm in which perception becomes or transforms the
gestures itself. Every message is a frail message, and each and every
message loses itself as a bridge between myself and Angela, myself
and Clara, a grasslands emergence, a distancing which reflects before
my eyes in the whispering of ... each and every message, each and
every thing ...

... you meaning you ...

		    //
		 [ // ]       ...rain...
		  //
  ah...
					    \\
please take a moment to                    [ \\ ]
 reply and confirm reception                  \\      ...still...





		    //
		 [ // ]       ...rain...
		  //
  ah...
					    \\
please take a moment to                    [ \\ ]
 reply and confirm reception                  \\      ...still...


----------------------------------------------------------------------


Received: From ZEOS/MAILQUEUE by newschool.edu
	  via Charon 3.4 with IPX id 102.940423185711.352;
	  23 Apr 94 18:57:28 -0500
Received: From brown.edu by newschool.edu
	  via Charon 3.4 with SMTP id 102.940423185711.352;
	  23 Apr 94 18:57:11 +0500
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AB25252; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:38 -0400
Date: Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:38 -0400
From: Mailer-Daemon@brown.edu (Mail Delivery Subsystem)
Subject: Returned mail: Unable to deliver mail
Message-Id: <9404221438.AB25252@brown.edu>
To: sondheim@newschool.edu
Cc: root@brown.edu

   ----- Transcript of session follows -----
554 sendall: too many hops 18 (17 max): from sondheim@newschool.edu, to sondheim@newschool.edu

   ----- Unsent message follows -----
Return-Path: <sondheim@newschool.edu>
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25252; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:38 -0400
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25247; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:37 -0400
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25236; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:34 -0400
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25229; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:33 -0400
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25221; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:30 -0400
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25216; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:29 -0400
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25207; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:27 -0400
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25197; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:25 -0400
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25170; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:21 -0400
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25154; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:18 -0400
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25142; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:15 -0400
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25137; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:14 -0400
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25131; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:12 -0400
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25125; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:10 -0400
Received: by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25115; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:38:08 -0400
Received: from dexter.newschool.edu by brown.edu (5.65a/SMI-4.2 --- CIS Test 1.1 -- Nov 11)
	id AA25095; Fri, 22 Apr 94 10:37:56 -0400
Received: from newschool.edu by dexter.newschool.edu with SMTP
	id AA17057 ; Fri, 22 Apr 94 01:48:16 UTC
Received: From ZEOS/WORKQUEUE by newschool.edu
	  via Charon 3.4 with IPX id 100.940422014714.608;
	  22 Apr 94 01:48:19 -0500
Message-Id: <MAILQUEUE-101.940422014706.320@newschool.edu>
X-Ph: V3.8@Brown.EDU
X-Ph: V3.8@Brown.EDU
X-Ph: V3.8@Brown.EDU
X-Ph: V3.8@Brown.EDU
X-Ph: V3.8@Brown.EDU
X-Ph: V3.8@Brown.EDU
X-Ph: V3.8@Brown.EDU
X-Ph: V3.8@Brown.EDU
X-Ph: V3.8@Brown.EDU
X-Ph: V3.8@Brown.EDU
X-Ph: V3.8@Brown.EDU
X-Ph: V3.8@Brown.EDU
X-Ph: V3.8@Brown.EDU
X-Ph: V3.8@Brown.EDU
X-Ph: V3.8@Brown.EDU
To: Mamatas@newschool.edu, PETER.KELK@CANREM.COM, zeug@pd.org,
	ANTENNA@CSEARN.BITNET, Robert_Scholes@Brown.Edu, rswbc@cunyvm.bitnet,
	CYBERBOY@AOL.COM
From: SONDHEIM@newschool.edu
Date:         22 Apr 94 01:47:06 EDT
Subject:      Hysteria Imaginary of Production
X-Mailer:     Pegasus Mail v2.3 (R3).

To:           SONDHEIM
From:         ZEOS/SONDHEIM
Date:         22 Apr 94 01:19:38 EDT
Subject:      Screen Phenomena
------- Forwarded Message Follows -------
To:            SONDHEIM
From:          ZEOS/SONDHEIM
Date:          22 Apr 94 01:01:54 EDT
Subject:       Screen Phenomena
------- Forwarded Message Follows -------
To:            Sondheim
From:          ZEOS/SONDHEIM
Date:          22 Apr 94 00:51:06 EDT
Subject:       Screen Phenomena



When is `representation' a torn membrane or VEIL; when is VERONICA
not Boolean, but gesture? Ontological phenomena are always already an
ASIDE...

I am sending this to myself; you are a spinoff of this activity,
useful for textual preservation. Ah, how often during the middle of
the night does email lock-up, the screen petrified or frozen, a
crystalline slice of thought, going nowhere and lost forever! The
natural always takes its toll; a storm in the North Atlantic destroys
absolutely and forever the fragility of thinking! I return over and
over again to the imaginary of the screen, presented against your
chosen color, a framework for the saccadic and twisted movement of
your eye itself.

It is this movement that fixes or fetishizes the net, which extends
in a laminar coagulation beyond the screen, surrounding it, but
always making way. The screen begins and ends, a terminal within a
terminal, a foundation soldered to a wiring leading to ever more
complex ultra large-scale integrated circuits, increasingly three-
dimensional. They prepare the way! They prepare everything  for you!

The screen is THIS PLEASURE for the eye which I would fill with the
presence of my body or your own. It is the margin of dangerous
fantasy, what propels one always beyond what is apparently possible
to construct. The edge of the screen is the blade of a knife, a
quadruple-blade cutting through the four quadrants, by extrapolation,
through the three-dimensional octants themselves.

You transform each and every representation, by virtue of protocol,
camouflage, or terminal emulation. Every screen act is one of
mimickry; your fears and desires, which are identical, reside within
it. ASCII text always aligns itself with the rectangular...

					 /
		     x                  / z
    ___________________________________/
    |                                 |
    |                                 |
    |                                 | y
    |                                 |
    |_________________________________|


z is a particular construct, the thrust or interpenetration of the
screen, the simulacrum of the breast or ultimate coordination which
cannot be surpassed. Just as the horizon of Greenland up to the
Central Ridge is always tilted, white against white, a blindness
sliding the uncanny, so the screen is almost always angled against
the real, even if perpendicular default. The real WEDGES ITSELF.
The real TURNS AWAY FROM YOUR EYE.

There are no conclusions except to note that ASCII is neither visible
nor invisible and that the diagrammation of the screen subverts
thought into exhaustion. In its presence I cannot sleep at night; the
real, projected within/against its backdrop, shimmers and devours the
existential. The real spews; its lines are occluded, always fluid,
imaginary. Thought is this problematic thinking-of-itself through
inscription; inscription NATURALLY enough inscribes only itself. The
above diagram is NOT a representation of the dream-screen; IT IS THE
DREAM-SCREEN ITSELF. This is what is meant by ontology, and this is
also the meaning of the ontological or imaginary/uncanny absence of
the net. (Thus what I WRITE HERE IS INSCRIBED THERE BY A TRICK OF THE
NET; what is here is REWRITE ONLY, a rewrite which is necessarily
sourceless IN SPITE OF the diagram.)

*You sleep, dream. Your thoughts are troubling; bodies intermingle
*with bodies, pleasure is always deferred, always problematic. Flesh
*gleams with unfettered desire. There is no sun and there is no
*horizon; there is only a maroon backdrop in a state of continuous
*dissolution. What is a womb. The rectilinearity GUARANTEES VOLUME on
*the order of **xyz** but your eyes are starved for Greenland, your
*eyes are dense with the dust of the desert, your eyes are always
*before and always beyond; they code and decode; they code **xy**;
*they code an arena of interpenetration. Throughout the thinking of
*this and the presence and pleasure of this, I reiterate the screen
*(see diagram above, see SCREEN above) which is a REWRITE always a
*placement: this is your thinking through which is your REWRITE, a
*screen or address-location, a label to be filled with name,
*address, telephone, measurements of your body, detailed description
*of genital organs and other instrumental secrecies transformed into
*something or someone always elsewhere.*

Blonsky on Baudrillard (*American Mythologies*): `He thinks real life
is something you can choose to see or not see. You zap the homeless,
but you also zap all human relations. And when you don't zap, what is
seen isn't the real, it's a flatter version of it.' And what is a
flatter version of it exists, as I have shown, as conclusively as
logic will admit, upon or within the diagram above, a diagram which
is a curlicue, something explained over and over again in INTERNET
TEXT. If the curlicue is the surplus of the signifier, it is also
that which is an extrusion from or within the real. The diagram
replaces the symbolic it encapsulates. Desire circulates freely
within the rectilinear; `desire' is perception itself.

Could you possibly believe this, and what is the screen it is read
upon? NOTHING PREPARES YOU FOR THE IMAGINARY, a form of preparation.

And I am satisfied to have pointed out nothing less than the 
POLITICAL ECONOMY of REWRITE itself, the fact that

    xyz = xy = k        where k is a constant, to all intents

and purposes normalized to `1'. A certain degree of containment or
ratio sets in; z disappears (as ready-made), and x and y are of
course inversely proportional which only implies the preservation of
`relative' area. Everything is open to question. REWRITE is a space,
a screen-space variable dependent on terminal emulation, address,
recognition, and protocol. The screen leaves its positionality
without a trace. If I do not make myself clear, it is for this
reason: BEYOND the diagram, everything collapses. And I must send
this whole thing to myself, once again, before it comes crashing down.



				 ' ' ' 
			      ) ` ` ` (     ...hail...            
			       ' ' '                              
				  \   /                           
				   \ /                            
				    ~    ...twister               
		   //                                             
		[ //]      ...rain...
		


--------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX: THREE-DIMENSIONAL PROJECTIONS OF MEASURE GEOMETRIES
	  (SEE 'SPEW' IN INTERNET TEXT FIRST PART)


DEFDBL A-Z
CONST PI = 3.141593
CONST dtr = PI / 180
here: SCREEN 0: CLS
PRINT "A 3d Program Examining Basic S-Series"
PRINT "for new constants hit r; for new projection hit s"
INPUT "for inc. f w/ cycle hit 2, inc. f w/ va hit 1"; dra
INPUT "color 0 or 1"; col
INPUT "color 1,2,3"; g
INPUT "projection, set default at 1200"; d
INPUT "yaw, set default at 5.68319"; r1
INPUT "roll, set default at 6.28319"; r2
INPUT "pitch, set default at 5.79778"; r3
INPUT "translation, set default at 0,0,-350"; mx, my, mz
restart: INPUT "series exponent, usually 2"; vk
INPUT "increment for modulus"; inc
INPUT "bias for angle"; bias
PRINT "formula: x=x+e+f*h  f=f+u"
INPUT "height (va) mag, 0 = 2d display"; pa
INPUT "incs. e, f, h"; ve, vf, vh
INPUT "set u"; vu
INPUT "magnification gen. 1-6"; j
INPUT "1 for clr va>1; 2 for odd/even if inc = 2"; one
PRINT "window at (-399, -299), (400, 300)"
INPUT "set window bias, x axis / y axis"; pb, pc
px = 0: py = 0: sx = 0: sy = 0: vx = 0: vq = 0: vw = 0
s1 = SIN(r1): c1 = COS(r1): s2 = SIN(r2): c2 = COS(r2)
s3 = SIN(r3): c3 = COS(r3): CLS : SCREEN 1, 0
pd = -399 + pb: pe = 400 + pb: pf = -299 + pc: pg = 300 + pc
WINDOW (pd, pf)-(pe, pg): VIEW PRINT 1 TO 1: COLOR 0, col
ten: IF dra = 1 THEN va = 0
vx = vx + ve + vf * vh: vw = vw + 1
IF dra = 2 THEN va = -1: vf = vf + vu
IF INKEY$ = "r" THEN GOTO restart
IF INKEY$ = "s" THEN GOTO here
two: va = va + 1
IF dra = 1 THEN vf = vf + vu
IF vx MOD vk ^ va = 0 THEN GOTO two
vn = va MOD inc
vv = 360 / inc
vq = (vv * vn + vq + bias) MOD 360
vrq = vq * dtr
px = px + COS(vrq)
py = py + SIN(vrq)
PRINT vw; vx; "   "
x = j * px: y = j * py:
z = j * va * pa
IF one = 1 AND va > 1 THEN
clr = g + 1
END IF
IF one = 1 AND va = 1 THEN
clr = g
END IF
IF one = 2 AND vn = 1 THEN
clr = g + 1
END IF
IF one = 2 AND vn = 2 THEN
clr = g
END IF
PSET (sx, sy), clr
x = -x: xa = c1 * x - s1 * z
za = s1 * x + c1 * z: x = c2 * xa + s2 * y
ya = c2 * y - s2 * xa: z = c3 * za - s3 * ya
y = s3 * za + c3 * ya: x = x + mx: y = y + my: z = z + mz
sx = d * x / z: sy = d * y / z
LINE -(sx, sy), clr
GOTO ten

-----------------------------------


 

DEATH IN THE MIDST OF THE METAPHYSICS OF SUBSTANCE


I grew up with the dissolute thoughts of Richard Nixon reiterating like
a web around me in a tangled imaginary that refused resolution; even
his death is another reverberation or hieroglyph whose overall form 
remains occluded. This is not to speak of the finality of death - Kurt
Cobain saw to the *finality* - but to speak only of its loss within
murmur or emission, a loss growing less and less each day as the face
merges with the terminal and as digital absolution increasingly
promises eternal life.

It is this promise which is also a premise, that is addictive: the 
whisper of forever-speaking, an interminable echo which reproduces 
exactly, without diminution, everything everywhere - a reiteration of
the real that continues after the physical body dies. There are no
iron curtains closing down; there is always a noiseless system in the
midst of noise, always one clarification following another like an
interminable analysis that ceases to be a therapeutic but becomes,
instead, a skeletal articulation of the real.

Within cyberdeath cyberin cyberspace, the real is always already an 
articulation; the body merges and is never at a loss.

How far we have come? No longer do communists exist in every department
in every agency of the government; evil has transformed into the 
anarchic wearing-down of the cyber- and social order - no longer evil
but the stroke of Richard Nixon swelling the brain itself, pressing 
down confusedly (there is nowhere to go) upon the stem, within which
consciousness resides. Inscription has become at best a microterritori-
alization, the circumscription of an eternal domain characterized by
the modernism of a well-defined address. 

I am one with the domain. This is why I am `never at a loss,' a position
among many, one with lag. For it is through lag that I recuperate myself
in order to speak forever; I am certain of this speech, always a 
totality and always brilliant. Through lag I maintain my brilliance;
nothing os foreclosed, and my texts bare open my greatest secrets. These
I am willing to sacrifice. 

My secrets fissure my body, exposing the moist interior to cyberspace
itself; cells align themselves in arrays designed to access pixels upon
the screen. 

Nothing is UPON the screen; what is present is only a residue or
reminder of the interior of the body, the WEB INVERSION. The screen is
always the screen FOR OTHERS, a circumscription produced by an 
interiority or chaotic domain, as if there were evil in the world, as 
if there were either death or a world. What I write then is this 
writing of the OTHERNESS, an infiltration or virus - a contamination 
- producing legibility, almost unnecessary in the face of an undesiring 
death.

It is this OTHERNESS (which is not-screen) that is a rewriting as well
as writing, that reformulates the equation: I am a REWRITE of the
otherness; I am an infiltration of the screen; I am viral. What is 
this but an addiction or parasitology, my body conforming to the 
protocol of the host? Conforming is always a reconforming as connections
form and dissolve, multiply and dissolve. I am changed by this otherness
that I am that I change. There is no end to it, no end to the addiction; 
there is no end to the lists, the alt.user.user.sex.user.talk with the 
user-particle buried within.

Burrowed within: for every user is an Internet Worm; every user expands; 
every user recirculates the debris of the Net. (The 1988 worm itself,
ironically, is an inversion in this regard; by propagating equivalence,
it integrates the Net, creates a healthy redundency, dampens noise, 
creates greater and greater potential wells, and eventually turns the
whole Net (EVERYTHING!) into the totality of an almost-perfect 
firewall, ensuring continuous and eternal existence. For equivalence, 
within and without the fractal domain, characterizes substance; the 
Net becomes substance, and the otherness, a collapse of the 
mirror-stage. 

How can there be perfect death in the midst of perfect death?

<<In real life, I don't remember anything; as in Sartre's Psychology of
<<the Imagination, I RECONSTRUCT (and is that the correct title?). The
<<fact that nothing slips away, that everything remains static, a series
<<of images, produces the uncanny; Richard Nixon is not ever dead, and
<<Kurt Cobain has not ever lived. His image remains a prefiguration of
<<the cover of People magazine, absenting itself in its presence. Both
<<Cobain and Nixon are my reponse to the world, a descent beyond
<<murmur. But I do not remember the world, have no IDEA of the world.
<<In real life, I don't remember anything. (WHAT IS THIS STUFF?)
<<
<<How can there be perfect life in the midst of perfect life?

<I remember Sony, Timex, Texas Instruments, Hewlett Packard; I remember
<Amiga, Osborne, IBM; I remember Mac, Apple; I remember THE CHILDREN OF
<MARX AND COCA-COLA; THE CHILDREN OF MARX AND COCA-COLA; I REMEMBER
<JEAN-LUC GODARD.

<<I REMEMBER EDWARD JABES, CONVERSATIONS WITHOUT END, WITHOUT BEGINNING,
<<THE BOOK SCATTERED LIKE LEAVES ACROSS THE DESERT, THE INTERMINGLING
<<OF SAND, THE DENOUEMENT OF SAND

<Sand is already the clutter of the real just as the screen is the 
<residue of the otherness of the self; sand is the REWRITE of wind just
<as the screen REWRITES the murmur of the name

<<Sand is the hypertext without end, beginning and ending nowhere at 
<<all, an infinity of connections

<perfect lives in the midst of perfect deaths

<<perfect deaths in the midst of perfect lives

And I am viral in the midst of lives, in the midst of deaths; I inhabit
both, and am never at a loss, for flesh, for lives, for good conversa-
tion - never at a loss for perfection...
		  
I SPEAK WITH NEVER LAG.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE HISTORY OF SAND, sondheim@newschool.edu






IT HURTS


I violate myself with every move I make upon the keyboard, cutting
into your flesh like a knife inscribing a thin red line, breaking the
body apart. The body divides, two by two; the body is stained with
membrane-network-blood, stained with the pleasure of the text. My
wrists, that most delicate part of the skeletal apparatus, hurt
considerably; my palms hover like a thick cloud above the keyboard,
descending one by one within the vicinity of the skin.

Skin reaches up to meet skin; skin flows from the interstices between
the keys. I am frustrated at the lack of response. I am cut through by
an ulterior presence, that which is ANNOUNCED upon the screen, an act
of reading I abjure. I AM TYPING BLIND, no longer look at my
corrosion, visible as my hands shake, feet become increasingly numb.
An intellectual toll takes its comfort elsewhere, in relative silence;
while I type, I scream, my name murmured and lost at hideous volume.
Tortured muscle hides behind each and every letter; it is the muscle
which is SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOU, spelling nothing, spewing symbol
after symbol upon the page in a semblance of order. SPELLING IT OUT:
SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOU RIGHT NOW.

There is no page, only an endless litany of screens rushing from below
to above, a movement of shimmering or phosphorescent curtains, a
slight inclination to a differentiation of light within an otherwise
bleak room. But I am refusing myself the PERMISSION of sight, the
permission to gauge the effect of EACH AND EVERY ONE OF THESE WORDS;
my back does violence to the rest of me; pain lowers itself, as I
attempt once again to inhabit your uncanny presence...

It is this presence which drives me forward in the midst of the
battlefields of pain. It is this presence which creates a memory that
I can only ASSIGN to an UNENCUMBERED BODY which I have never
experienced...

How can one speak of 'experience' in the midst of VIOLATION FLESH, in
the middle of TORTURE SHREDDED SKIN, anguish blotting out everything,
including the relative responsibility of the screen and all its
affect? I am an appendage in the larger flow of things, a nub which
calculates the pressure of digit upon plastic surface, the meltdown of
positionality. What is spelled is swollen beyond belief; the terminal
is a portentous field of arousal - no reason to witness THAT, mate,
none at all!

How long can i continue this way? My eyes flash light, great nocturnal
zigzags from imaginary galaxies across the skies of my distress.
MIGRAINE! Lightning forms suture them together, wheels and pinwheels
of purples and yellows obliterating even the most fatuous remark, the
screen which heard through the thickest firewalls of the GALACTIC
COMPUTING AGENCY itself. I mean NEXT DOOR!: I mean somewhere falling
off the cliff of protocol.

I GRASP FOR MEANING! IN AGONY, ANYTHING AT ALL! THAT SHRED OF
EVIDENCE! LULLABY! SLEEP FOREVER!

This which is always so overlooked, the trivial! The flesh which
shudders, pains itself; the eye which, bloodshot, checks and rechecks,
computes the position of the REMARK in the interstice of the
conversation between you and myself, myself and yourself. It is this
EYE which trembles through saccadic irregularities! Recognize the
truth: THERE IS NEVER ANYTHING TO SEE and what we are given is only
the remnant of a vision which has been extolled far beyond its
capabilities!

The joints freeze up; the wrists take on more and more of the
resulting ACTION designed to lure you into me, seduce you, open you up
ELSEWHERE than the confines of this terminal condition! From beyond,
here, I address you, call you forth; from beyond, here I ABJURE you,
plead with you, absolve you! (MY CUNT IS WET! MY COCK IS HARD!)

IT IS THIS WHICH THE SKIN INSCRIBES, THE THIN RED LINE CROSSING THE
WRIST OR OTHER ORGANISM, THE DISASSOCIATION HIGHWAY FLOATING OFF
THROUGH THE TERMINAL CONSTELLATION OF THE LAST FICTION OF MEANING.
This is the red line which begins to form a word which is only an ICON
of representation, the ICON of representation itself or rush as I
would normally fall FORWARD, head TILTED slightly touching the warmth
of the screen, face falling into the KEYBOARD ITSELF!

In this manner to create a STACK OVERFLOW halting this and every other
computer system, this SPEW going nowhere this ECHO toggled across the
WIRES OF THE NET!:

So I have you here within me; so your presence is a memory rushing to
SAVE THE DEAR OLD BODY, COMFORT IT HIM HER, the pressure-pain of pure
TOUCH, the TOUCH of the finger upon the keyboard, your TOUCH within my
presence, my PRESENCE OF TOUCH! Need I say the two of us are naked,
sullen, our hair tangled together, our bodies splayed open? THIS IS
THE TEXT WHICH HURTS THEM! THIS IS THE BODY ETCHED INTO BODY! GRAVURE!
GRAVURE! APPLAUSE! APPLAUSE!

IT HURTS!


----------------


NOW I REMEMBER THIS REPLY TO YOU ON THE CONFERENCE BOARD OF THE
TECHNOLOGICAL RENDERING-ABSENCE OF THE CUM-BODY BODY WITHOUT HOLES:


"You talk about 'what attitude to take toward the technological' and I
am uncertain 'about' this expression, as if the technological were
somewhat separate, a Husserlian intentional content split from the
body in the first place. It's like the body without culture, which can
only be a fantasm; culture and the technological, which can be read as
'material culture,' are interpenetrated to the extent that one can
talk about a kinship *machine* sorting or sifting through the habitus.
(TALKING IS JUST SUCH A MACHINE!)

"Beyond this, 'taking' an attitude is always already a totalization,
as is 'the' technological. Would one say 'the' natural, either as an
opposition or a unity (both completely problematic)? I may or may not
like a particular camcorder - I may reject consumer video altogether,
reject television, question telecommunications - and as the categories
become larger, the issues become more obtuse, more confused. The
larger categories tend asymptotically towards 'the' myth of a
technological horizon; the categories are increasingly senseless. Even
'taking' an attitude involves a dubious giving into an ideological
stance which then appears 'natural' or normalized as or within the
'natural attitude.'

I would argue instead that we are discussing a certain notion of the
imaginary or presymbolic (not the same), which would occasion and
disperse the futile discussion you are having concerning the
'material' or 'physical' world, the discussion of 'transcending the
real.'

This discussion is rooted in a sense of 'inhabiting our bodies' -
which both inscribes and circumscribes them, as if I were 'above and
beyond' my finger, in a sense, which I may 'lose' (as if it were
always already 'present' or 'found' in the first place) in an
accident. The retreat, the repositioning, REWRITE of the mind, is
always towards mental phenomena in a 'guarded' condition.

You posit an existential project, presumably involving both flesh and
mind, a double-interpenetration or a third. But the problem is that
this project IS a project, nothing more or less, while the finger-
inscription is not. And such a project is a totalization-without-
totality. There is no 'before' or 'beyond' the material; there is no
problem or the problem is moot, always in the state of dissolution.
Thus the 'beyond material' is bound (and binding is the origin of the
hieroglyph, the masochist transforming his or her body into the
maternal symbolic), already-written, since it relegates materiality
itself to an ipseity that is questionable. What does one 'point to' in
the world not of the world? How are these questions possible in the
presence of the diffusion of the terminal screen itself (which
obviates, not extends, the ontological/epistemological)?

And what is the ontological commitment of the linguistic model and its
code (prevalent from DNA to TCP/IP)? These are troubling questions,
incidents within the FLAMEWAR OF THE SYMBOLIC: I am a camp whore,
follower of every foot-soldier everywhere, nowhere at all.

DO YOU HEAR ME? BLOOD FLOWS FORM MY CUNT! WHAT DO YOU 'MAKE' OF THAT?

sondheim@newschool.edu




--------------------------------------------------------------------------
							     end web text

