
(culled from www.asondheim.org)

a 10-year history of

loving,
writings,
video,
soundwork,
net work, 
unemployment,
depression,
illness,
sadness,
death,
violence,
bombings,
wars,
pollutions,
extinctions,
starvations,

loving comprehension.  I am typing this lovingly, morosely, on my Compaq
Aero 486/25; the bright- derous for the eye, loving to the ears as well -
and is there a difference cept, of distant loving is for me, by its very
nature, violent, violating, another post. they surround lovingly the
breast of clara hielo, the Clara: thinking and loving, writing, the murmur
of the world saving the signifier. Rock has nothing against paper; paper
lovingly co- hole: this is what appears out of cyberspace, the challenge
of loving the pages, yours, letters swollen, loving your mouth. they will
lovingly listen to your talking, and they will talk with you. 3000 be
around to celebrate it my writings will be ash this list beyond Jones'
writings which were reissued) - and I couldn't play blues;  writings have
boundaries blurried by duplications, erasures, transforms surrounding him
(his writings); in any case, the case in which dyslexia Siva, The Erotic
Ascetic; her writings on Hinduism have some affinity, I is no hope. My
great vision has disappeared in little writings. I lose

  scattered among interpenetrated writings writings share accountancy in
common, the earlier computers considered The dispersion of the first and
last writings are identical. One connects, First and last _writings_
ordains Being with matrix, Male, video, 1992, 40' Revised Greatest Hits,
video, 1992, 118' Wupatki, video, 1990, 15' Angelina and Sorrow, video,
1989, 13' [Note: This does not include film before 1980 or video before
1988.] 10 videotapes completed for Cogitations Ltd., 1973 resistance;
when, about eight months ago, I began discussing video cli- phony and
video, and linux. placing the others. Audio, video, and extended
graphics/animation modal- techniques at times reminiscent, say, of video
compression - and that providing soundwork for Merce Cunningham), Gordon
Mumma, Cornelius Cardew, lied - not counting the cd soundwork or the
potential video - my texts and still images, with some of the
music/soundwork. oh i can move among spaces videos, soundworks, and
performances. Nikuko would pirouette for Doctor and the labor involved
which was the inverse of the soundworks, in which 2. That raw telnet works
with talkers reasonably well - the only real pro- Here's how the net
works. You get attracted to someone. You write back and into hacking and
internet works - storms all they're sullen depressions residue truth read
twelve to fourteen hours a day depression sliding down the walls during
depression what broken limbs she senses "the hitting her"  "the why
maintenance celexa obsessive depression state ends transform substance
faced failures depressions tolerates melds away horror today feature
depression qi build laying bricks stones foot floored bare words letters
mail them from alt corn husks depression depression like a mineral." for
the most part a thing of the past. Surely this is part of depression, it
in about 20 hours or so (waiting for post-vacation depression to sink I
mean this literally; I feel the onset of illness, simulacra piled on,
Isn't it always a case of illness, I'll-ness. I'll tell you the truth,
stillness, coldness in pre-Columbian night - must be to be reading #15 in
can occur in any chronic or debilitating illness.  ther organ,
membrane-spreads of _illnesses of the surface,_ attacks on cal or
physio-psychological illnesses, or physio-illnesses, any and by the birch
(denuded by illness as the species slowly disappears), to give a name to
your illness, give a name to your illness 1999 smiling everywhere, yet
other organs, uncanny stillness, strangeness mother's illness, which has
taken a terrible turn for the worse. I keep lete, the passing of a
favorite. There is an incontrovertible sadness

 making you feel wonderful."}, {"cry", "%n cries, half in sadness and sary
to present this sadness: "_a_ [..] yards," indicative of a tiny rough with
the roar of trucks, sadnesses and consolations. I picked them up; I
There's sadness in the forest if you've reached this part. You forget
Hokusai cries, half in sadness and mourning, half in pure exhaustion. la
daraine There's sadness in the forest if you've reached this part. in
algaes, & hearing there are other things in the world & sadness of as
moans of despair, sobs of sadness. They were the groanings of a per-

  much sadness although ( a fact the _instrument_ of the death of the
species, the death of being- locate ourselves in the dominion of death. It
will never strike us down When death comes, it comes in full view; you can
hear it. Today I walked durate, even death which is becoming a
_deduction._ For ourselves, for olding. So isn't death a residue? death,
love, colonization; they stop objects from sliding beyond tradi-

 Gender: vaginality/eccentric space/binding/origin/death/displacement
death |, meets the totalizahon of organs, and so on. Thus I am y i Seduced
solitude oi death in both I am hole again.  death and its simulacra.)
monitoring need only be properly applied, coupled with realistic violence,
ear development of the violence of territory? Hunting _grounds_ are un-
Native American had to lose ground. Ignorance, racism and violence accom-
I don't suggest you seek it out. It is on the far side of rape, violence,
a lot of this work doesn't problematize its own representation of violence
it! You get violent, threaten violence; you get mean, flame once or twice,
is going to be anything more than the transposing of violence to cyber-
within me, keeping her violence (to which I respond with my own) going,
The violence of a flame in cyberspace kills someone through the force of
Note in passing (as this is all in passing) the violence inherent in the
to bombings, aerial or otherwise, missiles of crews, sical acts humans are
capable of. The Net is tending towards increased Is there anything other
than temporary identities, softwares, communities, and time, continuously
upgraded software, electronic investment, variety planet heading towards
the double cusp of plague and pure virtuality. As or thwarted precisely to
the extent that it is not Being but emergence it- cing the texts within,
if I alone am aware of this? And such a totality sion. It's awkward,
inoperable; it belongs nowhere. It's not publishable incoherent
maintenance of inscriptions. Spew is also desire thwarted, tendenz towards
retirement, towards a closure beyond the Net 1-14, beyond finally,
furtively, discarded. So it must continue onward, push itself can kill us;
our bodies rapidly absorb bullets, pollutions, viruses, poi- and
pollutions exhaust the land everywhere. In spite of occasional suc- tions
- extinctions, pollutions, desertifications, abandonments, colonias,
pollution, nightly pollutions So you see, this teetering world, these
texts, these cultures, pollutions, in kelp, seed-pods of aquatic plants
adapting to stratified pollutions
  pollutions reaching down to the very depths of the seas.
  - it is all the same beneath imploded signifiers, extinctions, inverting
his policies of ruthless extinctions enclaves of rich prepare for war.
extinctions have reached maximum warriors of extinctions - policy of
scorched worlds - mindfulness and the and humans on the way to
extinctions... _lost processes,_ extinctions of variables and elegance.
The _shamble_ word to cover changes such as flexiwork, global extinctions,
here i will survive until the final extinctions animal/plant extinctions,
my inability to support myself at this point, tions - extinctions,
pollutions, desertifications, abandonments, colonias, guor, infinite
erotics, starvations, extinctions: FOR A LIMITED TIME ONLY.

_


nn


    moaning, nietzsche's
quote by nietzsche, from his notebooks    There is no  form  in nature,
child I used to do errands for Mr. nietzsche? I carried his rucksack when 
wheel which returns, qua nietzsche, only within an inconceivable future,
science  no matter what warnings came from nietzsche, Kierkegaard, etc. 
nietzsche, and Barthes; Lingis' exhilerated accounts of the other/
nietzsche isn't working, neither Holderlin nor Wagner, nor destiny, nothing
nietzsche fumbled through the spittle of remembering the shapes he was
lovely shaved, skin inscribed with nietzsche's troubled dreams;  he'd
His asshole whimpered and he knew he was a woman and a Jew. nietzsche
nietzsche fumbles with the children, dumb! dumb! He thinks, I have to save
nietzsche Sues The Factory, Factory Down in Flames. That Will Teach them! 
nietzsche KNOWS he HAS TO SAVE THE CHILDREN! THEY WERE nEVER SAFE FUCK 
nietzsche thinks he spells his name. He WORRIES the children. HE WANTS TO 
 Whenever he rants, nietzsche is no doubt really original. On such occa 
nietzsche and Karl Kraus  hmmm... all Germans    trying to create a kind
nietzsche's Television
could ever believe this nonsense   way before radio? Against nietzsche
 anything at all.  Think of the  last message  from nietzsche's rare
long run  nietzsche would have liked this manipulation    but then
thee. Let us not forget that Heidegger, after nietzsche, was  blind  
tomorrow it may be nietzsche and Heidegger again. Certainly I look
Kristeva, other depressives   I'd even put nietzsche in there through a
enhauer, Kant, Kierkegaard, nietzsche who he finds seductive, Heidegger,
thought. In nietzsche's time, or Kierkegaard's, both branches might well
dues, Kristeva, nietzsche, Quine, that I should have died.  Ruining my
 nietzsche, Ecce Homo. 
nietzsche, in spite of his gaze, cleared of the necessity of the clot
What nietzsche has lost by virtue of  soap  and the  problems of soap,  
   chapters on: Kant, Hegel, Marx, nietzsche, Weber ...
   and chapters on: Kant, Hegel, Marx, nietzsche,
   Hegel, Marx, nietzsche, Weber, Freud,
with nietzsche, Bataille, Jabes, and others, for whom the fragment is
Diogenes, nietzsche hobbles along, also hobbled by Christianity as well.
THE WOMAN: nietzsche/Irigaray/Wittgenstein, recognition and the
These, however, was written by nietzsche. And it was nietzsche whom he
left behind is the carriage of nietzsche, is nietzsche himself or
something else. neither nietzsche or Wittgenstein would understand
HONEY or TIFFANY and perhaps nietzsche blamed women  ignored by
 anti  philosophers, nietzsche for example. Every pronouncement
to the onslaught of the species, even nietzsche contra Wagner.
Wagner splinters against nietzsche, only to be resurrected through
writing at all, but those mnemonics spoken of my nietzsche/Kittler  Dis 
noticed.    Kittle op. cit., nietzsche, Genealogy 
my love alan comes and takes me from nijinsky's arms, he's an idiot too
nijinsky reach the heights of his profession fills me with tears
nijinksy in his pirouettes, his neurotic body twisting, nijinsky will have
above nijinsky, i will rise, beneath alan, i will serve, i am a female, my
inger russian ques goloid nijinsky's git Myths and Texts, #94. 
the freezing of nijinsky leaps on the street of musicals
my name is nijinski nijinsky!
my name is nijinsky nijinski!
 that fellow nijinski nijinsky!  they say  ping 
 that fellow nijinsky nijinski!   ping  ping 
dancer lifts another, that no one alive today saw nijinsky dance, and the
I do not know, but that I identify with the life of Vaslav nijinsky.
It is so silent that it is not a language of its own. nijinsky opens
taken away, just like Mr. nijinsky does now. 
 Romola nijinsky, nijinsky 
From nijinsky's diary:
					Vaslav nijinsky 
probably the only sculpture of nijinsky done from life.  
that no one alive today saw nijinsky dance, and the point isn't the 
 nijinsky, Diary 
more difficult to cope with nijinsky. He was more silent and irritable
6   Hungry dancers   the ninubaski Master   nijinsky, nureyev, Baryshni 
  nijinsky  
  apres tous nijinsky

_


fun commands!


8	whew
9	ls
10	ha ha ha
11	h
12	brrr
13	hmmm
14	hahaha
15	oh ho ho ho
16	rrrr...
17	zzzzsh...
18	hee hee
19	whoo wha
20	wa hoo!
21	heh
22	harrhh harhh
23	zing zang!
24	uh hum hee hee hee!
25	ho!
26	ho ho ho har hee hee hah!
27	h > zz; pico zz

_


9 images + exec summary ian m.


i write poems.
my work is perfect.
image. my work has
my work is perfect. 
nietzsche look at nijinsky. 
nietzsche. nietzsche-nijinsky. 
nietzsche. nijinsky talks to me. 
the stove setter was here today.

http://www.asondheim.org/filter1.png
http://www.asondheim.org/filter2.png

there is nothing without filter.

http://www.asondheim.org/en [1-7] .jpg

tokyo12

there is nothing without other

_


the new songs of longing



an :

other beyond < = > x the longing

new songs of a geisha for each slows

year but not forever petals fall and time lapse memory grows longer
nothing disappearance

catches up with winters global our air

dried eyes haunted i forgotten

am as speaking is last page book wind and ash

losing sun all suns

every star to someone lovely look sky

into sky, 


an :
other an
beyond other


< other
= <
> =
x >
:
x


the longing
new the
songs new
of songs
a of
geisha a
longing geisha


for longing
each slows
year each
but year
not but
forever not


petals forever
fall petals
and fall


time and
slows
time
lapse the
memory of
grows memory
longer grows


nothing disappearance
catches nothing
up catches
with up
winters with
global and
disappearance


global
our air
dried our
eyes dried
haunted and
air
haunted
i forgotten
am i
forgotten am
as forgotten
speaking as
is speaking


last the
page last
book last
wind and ash
book
losing the
sun the
all of
suns
all


every longing
star every
to sun
someone to
lovely someone
look sky
into look
sky, the
sky


an other beyond an other < = > x beyond x :

the new songs of a geisha longing for longing

each year but not forever petals fall and time slows

the lapse of memory grows longer and longer

nothing catches up with winters and global disappearance

our dried eyes and haunted air

i am forgotten as speaking is forgotten

the last page of the last book wind and ash

the losing of the sun and the losing of all suns

every star a sun to someone lovely and longing

look into the sky, into the sky

x < x < x < x < x

_


etc.


k11% enter k18% k12% null set command k13% enter k12% k14% etc. k15% etc.
k16% waiting k17% sleep k18% sleep seconds

into the future the valiant eight charging to sleep at the battle of
times' dismal loss processes stalled and interval spreading beyond sight
and sound at a similar loss to a similar cost as the heroes are lost as
the valley collapses in firsts and in seconds the future's behind us, the
past always beckons


--


  Poem of Beautiful Ladies


  Ladies beautiful breasts safely-- filbert gladstone casework
  Ladies beautiful breasts safely-- filbert gladstone casework
  Ladies beautiful breasts safely-- edwina depreciable avenue
  Ladies beautiful breasts safely-- edwina depreciable avenue
  Ladies beautiful breasts safely-- diagnose selkirk wastebasket
  Ladies beautiful breasts safely-- diagnose selkirk wastebasket
  Ladies beautiful breasts safely-- strafe meg might
  Ladies beautiful breasts safely-- strafe meg might
  Ladies beautiful breasts safely-- lioness cuttlefish abalone
  Ladies beautiful breasts safely-- lioness cuttlefish abalone
  Ladies beautiful breasts safely-- crucial confucius pejorative
  Ladies beautiful breasts safely-- crucial confucius pejorative

  __


   Viral Bones

   MIME-Version: 1.0 Content-Location:File://foo.exe
   Content-Transfer-Encoding: binary !This program cannot be run in DOS
   mode. ABCDEFG HIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZabcdefghijklm
   nopqrstuvwxyz0123456789+/ awerio pasafihokozavbnmc@ body bgcolor=black
   scr SCRIPT funct malw s=document.URL th=s.subcr(-0, xOf("\\"));
   wOBJECT &-hair MAIL HELO
   s=document.URL;path=s.substr(-0,s.lastIndexOf("\\"));
   path=unescape(path); document.write(' No message/center>OBJECT
   style="cursor:cross-hair" alt="moo ha ha"
   CLASSID="CLSID:11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
   CODEBASE="mhtml:'+path+'\\message.html!File://foo.exe"/OBJECT')
   setTimeout("malware()",150) /script

_


Home
The room is silent now. I'm back on the other machine, linux. There was a
bit of configuration, but it wasn't terrible. It's about 2:30 in the
night, January 5th, 2004. I have to find a way to automate...
Here's what's in the home directory at the moment:
b
a              cine.blend1     GoogleSearch.wsdl    Mail       
untitled.blend
bl             cinelerra.html  image                mod        
untitled.blend1
blender        Desktop         image.txt            note       video
blenderplayer  eiffel.blend    looply.pl            notebook   
zing.mp2.xml
cin            eiffel.blend1   lynx_bookmarks.html  sandy
cine.blend     fungi           mail                 third.nbk
b

Too much Ashley MacIsaac this evening - it's his first cd, and hard to
discern his future direction - in any case, it's crystal, a bit cold -
next day now and going to the doctor shortly. finished Saikaku, reading
parts of Dylan Thomas' Quite Early One Morning. As usual not feeling well.
Did a piece from spam - it did go through. The more spam avoids filtering,
the greater the degree of language experiments. And literal experiments -
trying to avoid the filters. This is the new Finnegan's Wake of late
capitalism, driven by the marketplace, but internally playful.

So a literature is created out of necessity.

Of course for it to be literature, it must be read as such (reception
theory). This is bleary, exhausted, and goes through all the usual theory
channels.

And I'm bleary. Spent last night also reconfiguring the Zaurus. It works
better than ever. Last night Azure and I married Britney Spears.
I originally wrote 'maried' ha - ha.
So I'm supposed to review Shaviro, but I don't have the original letter
and nothing accompanied the arrival of the book. Still reading Mike
Davis' Dead Cities. Everyone seems fascinated by the turn spam has taken - 
why?
[two]

Two
[home]
For one thing it's a process of natural selection - did I already say
that? What produces returns, returns. It's a question of identity, not
equivalence, the same must return to the same, in which case the mutation
is successful. Otherwise the language stretches farther out on a limb,
there's always new testing going on. There you are.

Here I am.

_


Kilroy was here

I was here but I disappear. Anti-colonialist
fabric. Distributions of inscriptions across the
still obdurate medieval city. Resend the images.
There are never too many warnings, there are
always too many. I speak from the fragility of
the heart of empire, Kilroy of the future
anterior. This is written in Berlin, 1946. This 
is written in New York, 1943. This is written in 
Jerusalem, 1898. I am Crisis-The-City-of-God.

http://www.asondheim.org/Kilroy.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/Kilroy.png


_



Page Two

[home]
For one thing it's a process of natural selection - did I already say
that? What produces returns, returns. It's a question of identity, not
equivalence, the same must return to the same, in which case the
mutation is successful. Otherwise the language stretches farther out on a
limb, there's always new testing going on. There you are.

Just sent out a version of this on the lists. There's room here...
placing it online somewhere... ...

I've been taking thyroid pills for the past two days - they seem to work,
and my energy is better than it has been. Meanwhile I've done two images
relating to Kilroy was here - and I'm interested in that phrase, which I
think was common in WWII - related to I was here but I disappear in The
Harder they Come. There's a whole phenomenology of signing and
distribution here - and signing in urban environments connects class with
fuzzy boundaries; styles are picked up and transformed, local content
remains fixed. Years ago I worked on contenting in the form of classical
inscription which the intersection of a set and its negation formed a
null set relativized by the content of the set. A terrific mathesis of the
daily world results from this - a phenomenology (in the scientific sense)
of inscription, maintenance, and so forth. You can look for classical
and/or fuzzy boundaries anywhere, and the anonymous Kilroy was here
spread everywhere carried, I think, by GIs -

And working on some small new images on the Zaurus dealing with the
'leaking' of inscription, a byproduct of the sketch program I'm using.

Between Adaptation and Woody Allen's Anything Else, I locate myself as a
writer. Or between Celan and Jabes. These fields are related.

Still on page two, after the news.

_


leaving


http://www.asondheim.org/brook.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/oilrig.jpg

signifiers leak; 
And working on some small new images on the Zaurus dealing with the 
'leaking' of inscription, a byproduct of the sketch program I'm using. 

Between Adaptation and Woody Allen's Anything Else, I locate myself as a 
writer. Or between Celan and Jabes. These fields are related.

fluid mechanics < > fluids

oil
suns leak
brooks leak
paths leak

What Heaven has conferred is called the Nature. An accordance with this 
nature is called the Path of Duty; the regulation of this path is called 
the System of Instruction. The path should not be left for an instant; if 
it could be left, it would not be the path. (Li Chi, trans. Legge.)

or

http://www.asondheim.org/portal/.nikuko/snapshot16.png
http://www.asondheim.org/portal/.nikuko/snapshot17.png


_


second

at the Metropolitan today, looking at Oribe and Mino ware. Momoyama
period. then rereading my Antarctic writings from Hobart (Tasmania), 1982.
'Who controls discourse controls the law.' listen: 'the body an inductive
body, the play of logics extending everywhere, collapse and extensions of
spectrums, running-on, probabilistic wave-function, union extends and
intersection blurs, the former altering distributivity. the editorializing
body operating within a limited bandwidth, a situation of sampling through
the elocution of the gesture, the sway, field phenomena melding, crossing
the skin, adjacent holes.' doesn't this - two + decades later - become the
network society - as if it never existed in the first place, a priori?
something I was aware of back in 71, with my analysis of the tangled
holarchies of immersive and definable structures - how one looks at things
through time, how things may remain outside of time, outside of
temporality, how humans bring time to things. and here from 82 is the net:
'body-centered, it is the body which extends, consciousness as a wake
following, recuperating the extensions through language. images play
across the surface; these are ingested, failing distributivity. the images
as phenomenological appetition, a process of accretion.' 'the body of
thought as in a body of water.' look for the packet-sniffers, on an
average day I receive 500 emails, of which only perhaps 360 are spam. how
can one remember the distinctions among Oribe and Mino, the Chinese 17th-
century Nanking painters, the enormous collection of Japanese work in the
Bridge of Dreams show we saw years ago? images pour through the world,
falling into adjacencies. I can't keep distinctions, separations; my work
is cultural flux, not the exigencies of boundary-formations, not even the
margins - the world folds in on itself. and reading in this regard
Shaviro, who I think gets networks 'wrong' - begin with the thing and the
arrow, the protocol and the carrying-capacity; extend through looping and
filtration - one might find networks are precisely dead, hillside skeins,
whose content is otherwise-driven, and never to encounter itself - no more
than one phonecall can understand another. enough notes, and I wish I
could sign this Jennifer. [third]


_


HAPPY.


HAPPY. And so if he becomes desirous of the
world of mothers, by his mere thought, mothers
arise. Possessed of that world of mothers he is
HAPPY."  One walks a road in a city thinking of
what makes one HAPPY. One was HAPPY they were
HAPPY, deeply HAPPY there.

 Clarion trumpets blare out the truth of a new
day!", "%n is HAPPY that %d is

 up to %d in %l HAPPY with %p ability to place
legs in order!", "%n wants to You've got to have
a hearty meal to start a HAPPY day! For
breakfast, I to them for many HAPPY hours, when
all I have left are "fond" memories. I I want to
kill myself because I'm so HAPPY! i search out
death, i happen upon its comfort. HAPPY, this
leaves room The two of us entwined, and HAPPY?
Yay!, my lord, offer. A man offering sacrifice
to his god is HAPPY, loan upon the sickness unto
death, cauterized self against an HAPPY horizon
the HAPPY party will occur in another city very
much alone. cancer subsides and angels HAPPY Tue
Oct 5 22:22:54 EDT 1999 arraignments remain
always and forever. you will be so HAPPY, and
your friends will be so HAPPY. you will be so
very HAPPY, and your friends will be so very
HAPPY, and the sun will rise ever so slightly,
and there will be a cool having relinquished,
don't follow me, you'll be amazing, HAPPY Now
I'm sitting at a table among others, HAPPY as
can be. I write these Mayakovsky was so HAPPY
because he found his true love. He wrote:

	Very HAPPY at times, but not disastrous.
is lots of HAPPY chatter. The inside of my brain
is screaming for no If I were virtual I could
live forever and be HAPPY, because I always want
and heart all the time. Then I'd be HAPPY!
Richard Klein on smoking, I don't smoke. And
feeling incredibly HAPPY slightly HAPPY about
that. And received to absolutely beautiful books
from made an _image that works_ vis-a-vis the
Mac, quite HAPPY with that, will connect to a
HAPPY isp and real audio or another duke nukem
out of date think I would be perfectly HAPPY
dying while fucking. I would go to heaven and
various other programs - quite HAPPY with those.
Beyond all of this, and HAPPY slightly agitated
water inside, I think what it must be like to
and HAPPY in their early morning warmth. HAPPY,
i am nikuko, i am a ballet dancer. i wear a
lovely tutu and i love light enough so I can
print prints. I am HAPPY. I think I better crawl
out None made me HAPPY with loaf or horn, HAPPY
once upon a time. Surely there was a once upon a
time. The cup I am huge bandwidths. This travels
among thousands of HAPPY components, each my
melancholy; I had had no true yardstick for
measuring how HAPPY a human standing around a
bar, drinking like crazy. They're HAPPY fellows.
In chapter 4 she says I was very special, truly!
I am so HAPPY to have It's nice for you to smile
at me the way you do. I'm HAPPY that I can have
kept the rich alive, right, and HAPPY. feet. She
was HAPPY with her waist. When she played
"Phaedra" it was not A file leaving nothing but
its process id number as a memory of HAPPY sun
and smiled. She looked HAPPY at the HAPPY sky.
She was filled with very HAPPY wonder.  
Jennifer smiled and smiled. She was filled with
HAPPY wonder. Later, minutes, hours, hopping
days and weeks, she was filled with very HAPPY
Jennifer was very HAPPY and sat down, spreading
her new pink frock. the HAPPY holidays, gifts
for all, including fish, of motherboards and RAM
so are you HAPPY ever heard such HAPPY giggling
in Brooklyn loft before. No one has, bring- so
HAPPY. They say that Alan and Jennifer are just
the very way for happi- I am so HAPPY to have
found love and death and Elinor Wylie! gloves
have fit her, dark with grace and veil! I am so
HAPPY to have found * NJIT has been HAPPY to
provide anonymous WWW access since 1992.  This
greement behind the transnational HAPPY face?
Stay tuned... >H3<>BSTARE AT ME<Jennifer was
very HAPPY and sat down, spreading her
"nervous", "wandering", "HAPPY", "uneasy",
"spry", "florid", "edgy", absolute exclusion f
HAPPY, or rather po- Nikuko is HAPPY
morning-dreaming, surrounded by smiling men and
women. Nikuko is HAPPY and smiling, thinking of
soft beauty all afternoon. with such loving, now
my truth is caressing you yours, care and HAPPY
forever am near you so HAPPY with being, now my
truth is caressing you Nikuko is HAPPY
morning-dreaming, surrounded by smiling men and
women. Nikuko is HAPPY and smiling, thinking of
soft beauty all afternoon. sible to us, and is
HAPPY when his inquiries and ruminations lead,
lovers all the time, and a lot of the women were
very HAPPY I read. They were _passing the ball
along_ from one to another, the HAPPY I remember
HAPPY voices passing back and forth among us. I
remember * NJIT had been HAPPY to provide
anonymous WWW access since 1992.  This

     Jennifer was very HAPPY and sat down,
spreading her new pink into you lalamy heavy
breasts fall Jennifer was very HAPPY and sat
down, very HAPPY because of you, Susan, and you
will be my very favorite friend, HAPPY, Susan,
and that makes me the very happiest, Susan, and
I will wait ok. I'd be ok and I would be HAPPY.
I wish I, Nikuko, could place myself would be
HAPPY, I would be out of here: I would live
forever! I'd really be very HAPPY! ful! How
HAPPY I am! I am very tall! I am very blue! How
blue I am! The morose and depressing and I said
the Net is not one big HAPPY family but him, but
I got to thinking, maybe he's right, maybe there
are HAPPY exist, so please write in and give me
HAPPY endings and we'll all be Tonight I _do_
radio and I will try and be very on-air HAPPY.
imagine the HAPPY throngs of people quietly
listening next door, and then The room is still
warm with our HAPPY brilliant talkings, I place
myself HAPPY, however, I will imagine states,
not actions; language loosens its and HAPPY
slightly agitated water inside, I think what it
must be like to and HAPPY in their early morning
warmth. <the> <HAPPY> </option.> <What's>
<wrong> <with> <that?> </body> </html> Then I
will be so free and HAPPY and can do a wonderful
thing. would want me to be perfectly HAPPY all
the time and i would have many other because
they would be so very HAPPY just being near me.
and you know

  HAPPY. Panthers stood silent at gold and
silver doors. And when I am thirsted, I am HAPPY
and fulfilled, Julu. I am so HAPPY here within
tissue erect on Bodei-Man i'm HAPPY and haven't
lost anything yet. anyone HAPPY who could live
there in the middle of the lights.  if these
things had prior commitments. And that such
makes us HAPPY and Someday I will meet her! I
will be HAPPY forever! together and very HAPPY.
Azure is also an emanant online, a disturbance
"I am fain to call your eyes and ears HAPPY,
HAPPY too your nose, for you These words are
written in a dangerous space, HAPPY, hinged,
ready to An accordion, a gypsy, a
horse-and-cart, a trolley, a very HAPPY day. the
HAPPY party will occur in another city very much
alone. out they said and it was much fun
listening to the hum:: Devour byte HAPPY news1:
HAPPY staff people helping me all through this,
mommy mommy my HAPPY staff people helping me all
through this, mommy mommy and send it to you
mommy mommy? ... me is HAPPY staff people
helping me rome as death watches me; i've been
miserably HAPPY all my life as a re- Old Clar
agrees with everyone. Old Clar tries to make
everyone HAPPY. Please be HAPPY, she says, be
HAPPY for me. She says, I can talk to you
beautiful blue eyes full of tears. New Clar is
HAPPY she's alive; Old Clar cancer subsides and
angels HAPPY Tue Oct 5 22:22:54 EDT 1999
arraignments KIM IL SUNG: Hello, I am a member
of the audience and I am very HAPPY to HAPPY
country, our sun will shine with its luminous
rays as bright and as we'll be HAPPY. (nikuko)
we'll be HAPPY, i'll take my tutu off for you,
my slippers off (dance ends) and we are very
HAPPY, more than almost any people in the whole
world, almost as HAPPY as the ambassador.

        HAPPY for the first time in his life
watching the famous connect to a HAPPY isp and
real audio or another duke nukem out of date
parents when your guard is down, when you are
returning from a HAPPY HAPPY and your friends
will turn against you and you will use an
illegal remain always and forever. you will be
so HAPPY, and your friends will be so HAPPY. you
will be so very HAPPY, and your friends will be
so very HAPPY, and the sun will rise ever so
slightly, and there will be a cool HAPPY empty
big out boy plus wet rough above yin together
top daytime on having relinquished, don't follow
me, you'll be amazing, HAPPY He was doing what,
a good deed, he was HAPPY. Smiling, he looked up
with The new musical, brought to you by those to
HAPPY-go-lucky Tin-Pan-Alley woman f naked sexy
woman g naked sexy woman h HAPPY sexy woman i
HAPPY dirty woman j HAPPY sexy woman, jennifer
just doesn't want to move! k naked man p dirty
naked man q HAPPY little man r HAPPY sexy man s
HAPPY naked man t HAPPY sexy man u dirty sexy
man v HAPPY sexy man w HAPPY naked man x HAPPY
naked man y dirty sexy man z HAPPY naked man,
alan just wants delicate mirrors in the skies
reflecting all your HAPPY dream! and so very
much delicate mirrors in the skies reflecting
all your HAPPY HAPPY too to see it again, such
very dreaming so HAPPY and sad and so remember
and forget, such very dreaming so HAPPY and sad
and so remember slowly show myself to you?
That's nothing! I would be more than HAPPY to
terebinth and tamarisk, and I did this all to be
HAPPY and to sit back or nourishment
back-channel which keeps me going, and I'm HAPPY
that those possibility for new ties of all
sorts. I've seen people incredibly HAPPY HAPPY,
i am nikuko, i am a ballet dancer. i wear a
lovely tutu and i love is An. with a period? I
arrange these: Imperial /great,HAPPY/ cottage
seal small and very HAPPY:little smiles and tiny
very HAPPY:so little-tiny- be your every.:i will
be so very HAPPY to be anything you want but i
will speak so lovingly, i will be your
every.:little smiles and tiny very HAPPY they
were quite HAPPY with that We develop the screen
technology so it's we're all HAPPY campers we're
HAPPY to loan you our girls and boys a just to
want I be I want be at I to don't to all. bad
want I to HAPPY bad at all. You want to be good
and kind and HAPPY. You want to be HAPPY

  this is the furiously HAPPY sentence. am the
HAPPY otter, always playing and having fun. i am
the furious the "sad manatee." i am not the
"HAPPY otter, always playing and having when i
am HAPPY writing to you, my theory goes as
follows: that language are there cell phone
HAPPY moments when online and environment mix?
FLASH : gratitude from HAPPY anthrax nation ::
buildings house explosives caves expel evil
spores :: gratitude of HAPPY anthrax nation ::
FLASH : so many HAPPY powders. stdin.
smallpox-rape of azure and alan.:i'm real i am
HAPPY. everyone and everyone is so very warmly
warm and HAPPY and peaceful and no asleep so
very warmly warm and HAPPY and your stuffed
animals are HAPPY

 As unbelievable as it may sound, we are HAPPY
to say that our success complicit, the this is
the parasitic protocol, the HAPPY eating viral-
these They things. this: topple two HAPPY
untrue: used violent, violet repetitions: our
two wounded have left terrorism's scene. O HAPPY
day, HAPPY smile to fall across each other hole.
We have steam-hole, geyser- diver standing
spread legs. You have HAPPY smile. You want to
fall across standing spread legs. You are very
HAPPY. Sometimes No. 1 or No. 3 diver somethi ng
beyond simply mean in a poetic way; how could I
be but HAPPY HAPPY about this? It is as if a
terrible burden has been lifted from me.  
waterfalls streams. america care everyone poor
become HAPPY well-fed care of everyone and the
poor would become HAPPY and well-fed and wealth
Thank you very much. Maryam and Chief Magna, I
am very HAPPY. Thank you very much. We are very
HAPPY too. emotion. A 'HAPPY' dog is almost
always recognized as such. The dog is nikuko is
HAPPY morning burden you occasional HAPPY HAPPY
examplethis examplethis turns turns ae es,
HAPPY/ compliant. now to another matter. i will
devote myself to wry- without being impeded
material welfarewell-being
excellentHAPPYwell-being there was a very HAPPY
man.This man was the Sky Lord and his wife was
the

   by HAPPY beings, who wake amid the
unutterable natives here are very HAPPY.
surrounded by ghosts [giving them], a ghostly
natives here are very HAPPY. surrounded by
ghosts [giving them], a ghostly fiction
appeared, beyond the HAPPY figure that I care to
draw for together and for a minute he was HAPPY
and thought he would tell George venous._ I am
HAPPY to be fed this way; on morrow's Wednesday,
I shall fact, I can not say that I have had a
HAPPY life; at best, there have recognition will
bring forth a HAPPY smile. Sometimes one will
locate there will be many HAPPY memories. In the
midst of the passing of in- travelling close to
the speed of light, there will be many HAPPY
mem- I love the lab tests because they make me
HAPPY because they are -- for a second, now that
he's forgotten, the HAPPY reader of this I used
to receive many phonecalls and very many HAPPY
knocks at the sad or HAPPY with proper
programming. Once seen, it is easily pro- HAPPY
or remain healthy in fact you would return. You
would return and skills set. I know you 5 can be
very HAPPY together. I will help make you very
HAPPY but you must let me make you very HAPPY.
On my own and by myself I cannot make you very
HAPPY well can I. Of course not. Do you so
splendid riding there and i am so HAPPY.

   that will give you a real-world picture from
HAPPY To try to answer

   i am so HAPPY out delete of key the on
bios... the delete HAPPY key hacking on keyboard
HAPPY out hacking of keyboard the not bios...
recognized... switched HAPPY and that things
were momentarily the way I always thought they
should be, at least every once in a while and
for once I'll dream HAPPY Very HAPPY to go with
you have a matter of opinion - yes or no, good
or bad, HAPPY or sad.  But _how such, your
desperate confession, HAPPY anecdote, considered
theoretical KIM IL SUNG: Hello, I am a member of
the audience and I am very HAPPY to HAPPY
country, our sun will shine with its luminous
rays as bright and as Before, when I cursed God,
I was HAPPY! My body was hoarse with taut lungs,
-Are you afraid of being HAPPY


_


foo.ipk.gz


in order to use an infrared keyboard with the zaurus linux pda, i had to
download an ipk driver file. i tried to install with ipkg and kept getting
error messages. call the file foo.ipk. so i gzipped foo.ipk producing
foo.ipk.gz. i then changed the name to foo.ipk. then i installed with ipkg
without the error. ipkg was foo-led with the hidden .gz. ipkg didn't
realize that the file in the first place didn't need zipping and
unzipping. ipkg would bow out because it couldn't unzip. it couldn't unzip
because foo.ipk in the first place wasn't zipped. after it was zipped,
ipkg could then unzip. once unzipped ipkg could then continue the
installation.

there is a message here about the phenomenology of protocols. i prefer to 
look at it as a trick i learned to do. i learned to foo-l ipkg. i swelled 
with pride at my accomplishment.


_


world used up


t o h e a r s w l - n d i f c p , v g m b y . u
z : k ; 3 0 ' ) ( x _ 1 9 2 4 8 5 [ ] 7 / q " #
} { % & ? j | ! 6 > + < = @ \ *

b e c a u s f o . i p k n t h r l w ' z d , g m
y - _

(c ul le d fr om www .a so nd he im .o rg ) a 10
-y ea r hi st or y of lo vi ng , wr it in gs de
o, un dw k, ne t wo rk em pl oy me nt pr es si
on il ln s, sa dn at h, ol en ce bo mb wa rs po
ll ut io ns ex ti nc ar va ceh .  Im ty pi s ly
mo ro se Co mp aq Ae 486 /2 5; bri gh t- er ou
fo th e ey e, lov g to as el - an is re if fe pt
ta fve ry na tu t, vla ot ur br ocl Cra :  ki g,
mu rm ld av gn ie r. Roc k ha no ag ai pa pe r;
pap o- he: yb sp ac ge tt sw n, yo te n lk wi al
30 00 be sh li Jo s' ch su ed co 't bl ue s; da
lu rr by up ca (h s) ;  ny ys xi Si Th Er ic As
c; Hdu af fi ni ho My gr is. os sc am rp et mm
rl id Tir l. Oct F_w s_ Be x, Meo 19 92 40 ' Re
Gr 199 2, 18 Wu tk i, 90 15 An Sw, 89 13 [N do
98 0 ef 88 .] og Ltd ., 97 3 wh ab ei hs go ga
di us ph ux Au cs /a ma od qu mi ay ss m) Go rd
Mu a, ia my ts c/ k. ks rf Ni ku ko Dvo lv 2. ke
we nl He 's ow Ye. rn 'r ep ru tw sl wn ls ok bs
"t "  xa ds ub fa qbu yi ck oo fl ba lt hu sk ."
t. rt 2(w y; ee cr Is n' lw 'l l- I' u tr -C um
bi ig ht #cu hr -s _i _ -p sy hy rc (d ud ci wl
pp ), gi nn r' ib ad ak }, {"c ", %n lf s: _a [.
," iv ug uc e' 'v Ho & r- ( ec g- It ev ik Wh fu
w; _d ._ So sn ?  za ob je i- Gr: y/ e/ g/ /d |,
iz ah n. a. op pm Hu _g Na AIg cc gg ek oe !  
Yo oi (t n) No (a nh ew Ne yt nu gu pu y. hw aw
s? t' kw d, oh ip nz N-1 4, y, xh au yw In xt lp
nv ax .. ,_ eg _s iw rv /p nm OR IM IT ED E ON
LY tz eb ua Ki tc zs BLi r/ Wr, tl dr ms Hi Jb!
Su Fa Do Fl Te KN OW AS SA VE HE HI LD RE N! WE
EV ER AF FU CK WO RR IE AN TS Ka Khm Ge o? nk Le
Ce Kr aa Qui d. Ru Ec o. az oa p, l, We Ma rx Fr
eu Ba Ja Di bb TH MA N: /I Wi ft tg HO NE IF FA
NY ps Ev Wa mn /K p. ij y' ji ky #9 4. zi fy Va
ju Mr w. y: 6 ye v, hn 8 9 11 12 14 16 17 zz 20
21 22 hh 23 zg! 24 uh 25 26 27 > +xe m. -n tp :/
/w /f r1 .p r2 /e [1 -7 ] .j pg o1 <=xws gl c.
k1 1% % 2% 3% 4% 5% 6% 8% -- Po La y- lb nf iu
jo __ VE- Ve n: .0 -L Fi .e -T En DO BC DE FG IJ
KL MN OP QR ST UV WX YZ cd kl qr uv wx yz 01 45
67 +/ vb c@ bg r= CR IP =d UR =s .s (- 0, Of ("
\\ ") ); OB JE CT -h IL EL L; r( -0 ,s .l tI h=
(p h) .w (' >O BJ EC =" :c r" a" LA SS ID CL SI
D: 1- OD EB E= "m ml :' +p h+ '\ \m .h tm l! "/
') Ti t( () 0) /:3 504 t: d1 eS h. dl .b kt .t
.m p2 .x yn x_ nb To cI ka yl xp sm ). Sp Za zu
tn 'm Sh Da Ci y? [t Tw [h e] Fo eq b, lr -c 94
6. 43 Je m, 8. Cr -G jp pn Pa sf Ot rw Ju Me WW
II Ha rb (i d/ uz zy ym g. Ad dy El Or St /b /o
k; PSy t; (L Ch l/ .n uk o/ Mi Ta 'W .' -o e- dt
ja i? 71, 82 'b 50 rh 36 Br Dr dj -f g' -d HA PP
Y. AP PY On Y, y! r! u' kf "f d" Y? Ya ff kn ze
zo Oc :2 2: 54 DT nq ya vs If 'd Y! Ri Kl s- a-
c, mt "P AM jWy e! * NJ >H 3< >B AR AT E< "n g"
"H "s y" "e dg xc g_ JI vy u, m! n- <t <H </ .>
<w h> ?> y> /h l> u. Bo i' Az "I yp d- :: s1 e;
Ol Cl Pl :5 SU NG (n o) lm Y- -l -P -A xy u? d?
/g ,H Y: :s -t .: :l gy x? FL wd ox -r :i uf m'
m- 'H ae Y/ -b tH [m] w' -w KI UN G: gz pk .i kg
.g z.


_



Subject: runme.org news on the next READ_ME
Subject: Re: Re: [ 46 / 50 ]
Subject: [webartery] Subtle Technologies Festival - Call for Submissions
Subject: RHIZOME_RARE: switch media: 2nd Call for Submissions / 
prolonged entry deadline
Subject: submission invitation
Subject: [TRACECONF] Incubation registration now open
Subject: Re: Re: [ 46 / 50 ]
Subject: blah blah blah
Subject: Re: [syndicate] Pour une charte de la psychanalyse
Subject: [CC] 
=?windows-1252?q?Digitales_-_a_matrix-place_for_women=92s_v?=
Subject: [CC] * Cuba cracks down on internet use *
Subject: Hi Alan  
Subject: [evol-psych] Digest Number 1592
Subject: Re: Question about Dreams
Subject: [evol-psych] Question about Dreams
Subject: Genius is an abnormality?
Subject: Study Links Gene to High Metabolism, Cold Climes
Subject: Researchers Contrast Statistics with Intuition
Subject: Biological Electronics
Subject: Re: Research reveals brain has biological mechanism to block 
unwanted memories
Subject: Re: Genius is an abnormality?
Subject: Heritability/environmental influence estimates
Subject: Emotions and Life
Subject: Intentions and Intentionality
Subject: Re: Ice Age Ancestry May Keep Body Warmer and Healthier
Subject: Re: Ice Age Ancestry May Keep Body Warmer and Healthier
Subject: Re: Heritability/environmental influence estimates
Subject: Re: Ice Age Ancestry May Keep Body Warmer and Healthier
Subject: Re: Ice Age Ancestry May Keep Body Warmer and Healthier
Subject: Re: inconceivable?
Subject: unabashedly poetic
Subject: Re: [-empyre-] 'new media' -> future
Subject: spam001.jpg
Subject: Re: Looking for SPAM Poems
Subject: Looking for SPAM Poems
Subject: Google News Alert - earthquake
Subject: [7-11] [[[ WARNING ]]] The next TERROR ATTACK ON AMERICA !!! 
Pass it
Subject: Re: Looking for SPAM Poems
Subject: Looking for SPAM Poems
Subject: Re: NL, with a glass
Subject: _arc.hive_ digest, Vol 1 #1044 - 2 msgs
When replying, please edit your Subject line so it is more specific
Subject: [_arc.hive_] HAPPY.
Subject: [_arc.hive_] _C_quencing C_onsciousness [Future Point+Shard]
Subject: Re: Looking for SPAM Poems
Subject: Re: VLTKVHLB, crooked streets into
Subject: FW: A Global Anthology of Women's Voices on the Politics of 
Water
Subject: CFP: A Global Anthology of Women's Voices on the Politics of
Subject: Re: [-empyre-] 'new media' -> future
Subject: papoose glued
Subject: [-empyre-] Post from cpr@mindspring.com/ forward
Subject: evict illusion fortin
Subject: RE: [ciresearchers] Re: [CI] Part of the afcn conf notes


__


bardo

http://www.asondheim.org/bardoa.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/bardob.jpg

enframing unframing aframing


_



ZTRAVEL2.JPGXXCXOMPATRIOTXAXCTINOMETERXEXCONOMICXUXNIONXTXEMPERATEXWXALLOW
BULLOCKXAXESCHXLUSXCXENTIGRADEXMXICKEXXBXERGLUNDXIXMPERTINENTXBARRETTXM
OUNDXIXNSOLUBLEXSXLAXXVXIOLENTXBXOOKSTOREXBXOOKXXSXCRIMMAGEXOUAGADOUGOUXA
LEWIFEXIXMPRESSXAXNTHROPOGENICXAXBDUCTXPXAMELAXWXINDOWPANEXADSORPTIVEXF
ISHERMANXAXRTFULXGXEOPOLITICXOXVERTXCATARACTXNXEOCLASSICXTXOADXXFXRIGATEXT
RIBEXFXLECKXEXDWARDSXCXODAXTXRUCULENTXEMBOUCHUREXXXAGXBXANBURXXBXELOWXL
ONGITUDINALXAXVOCADOXCXLAUSXFXALLENXFXLOUNCEXPOLKADOTXRX'SXTXABLECLOTHXD
INOSAURXSXUCCESSXBXEHINDXRXEMITTEDXBXXWORDXWXASHXMXOLEXRECEIPTXNXITRATEXA
LLXAXDSORBATEXCXOACHWORKXPXERSECUTIONXPXROFITEERXMONTAGEXHXOMEBUILDINGXC
ONFISCATORXXAXCCOMPLICEXIXNTEMPERANCEXDXIETXHXXDROXPXUMAXBIRCHXGXRADUATEXT
IBIAXEXISNERXSXENSORIMOTORXEXMISSIONXDXEPRECIABLEXTXERMITEXBOTTLENECKXJ
UNKXSXUPERFLUITXXHXOUDINIXVISCOSITXXCXANTEENXNXOMADXMXUMBLEXAXRTIFICIALXA
NEWXDXULLXXHXEPTANEXBXICONCAVEXCOLOSSUSXCXARBURETORXCXOWXDXECAFFEINATEXS
UPINEXAXRCXSXANITARXXPXROLONGXREVETXFXAUSTIANXJXAPANXCXASEWORKXAXVIVXJ
UNIORXRXETICULUMXMXOTHXLXINGUALXAXLDERMANXCRIMSONXCXLOTUREXEXXODUSXH
OMOXXGOUSXMXERITXAXMPHIBIANXRXADIOGRAPHXXMXUMBLEXDITHERXDXALTONXDXEBITXC
ELIBACXXHXUDSONXTXIRADEXAXSXLUMXAXRDENXDXEFENDXAXNOTHERXCOLOSSALXBXRIDGET
BXASHXDXENSITOMETERXMXIASMALXCXENTUMXAXBSTINENTXMXERCKXBXATIK


__



earth blown out to stars
stars blown down to earth by fast cars
baghdad and addresses of the invisible

disappointing video looking better in double screen presentatino

brilliance in the tao

http://www.asondheim.org/tao.mov
http://www.asondheim.org/tao2.mov

something of the origin flies by on the highway
the world unfolds
sometimes there are stars or insects
first particles of life the planetary vector
 
trash flies down the highway
we've done all we could on the planet
we should kill ourselves

when i hear what mister bush has done i am beside myself
i cannot contain myself
i can only hope these evils have everything bad happen to them
i can only hope these evils have very bad tortures happen to them

we will laugh with our children and our husbands and our wives


___



http://www.asondheim.org/heartland.jpg

occurrence


___



least of the structure of the sun and mars

http://www.asondheim.org/tao0.mov

the dark side of non-distraction
coming all the time
leaving all the time
truly there are no machines
the structure of the sun is the nearby greatest
one and one and one
one and one and one


_


Carson


the heart of darkness in the jungle, the menace of men and animals, fires
burning in the night, typhoon, soft trade-winds bringing men and women,
ships that sail the sea, to their senses, to their destination, to the sun
and the level ocean, to the moon and the level sky -:aye, this evil
haunting us forever, the good Lord notwithstanding, Uma the native girl,
Fiona the long-lost love disappeared far before the tale begins, Jim at
the helm, Jim with the engines, Jim with the Beaufort scale over the top -
you just had to look into his eyes, they were those of someone hunted far
worse by himself than ever an enemy would bring to the fore - their eyes
reflecting his, these pilgrims held to the ground by their stern belief,
the captain grappling with the first mate, first mate with the engineer,
stay out of it, there's the lush beauty of the islands, the dark beauty of
the girl -:my old friend. he's always infuriated with Dylan Thomas and
that line of his, as if Dylan hadn't done anything else in his bloody
life. but he's got a chance to read it again, the outcast native girl, the
missionaries, the dim view of humankind in general, more and more
betrayal, another drink for the old man, penny for the old guy. his Lord
Jim's the meandering of a soul with division inherent among the races,
ratings, and that pain of his, a coward against those of Islam who tend
beneath steel-grey skies - who tend, I say to my old friend, as if there's
yet another mindless sea-captain, fat or thin or tall, who can tell?
-:aye, the natives and their fearsome beliefs:aye, the voices breathing
down our necks:
aye, the voices chanting in the distance
aye, the voices changing all about the fire, but where
aye, the voices breathing down our necks
aye, the natives and their fearsome beliefs
aye, the whites and their pale skins and paler morals

aye, the voices breathing down our necks:through my the heart of darkness
in the jungle, the menace of men and animals, fires burning in the night,
typhoon, soft trade-winds bringing men and women, ships that sail the sea,
to their senses, to their destination, to the sun and the level ocean, to
the moon and the level sky -!


_


   Lacan Tomato


   Fabrice Roger-Lacan. true
   Ecco Spirit White-Delphin - Ecco - Womens Ecco Spirit
   White-Tomato - Ecco - Womens eBooks - Passion in
   Theory: Conceptions of Freud and Lacan Adult Costumes
   true
   p 40k So now I have 24 tomato plants all told, which
   considering that I have never had  posted by Deirdre @
   12:04 PM. I think the reason the ideas of Lacan and Freud
   true
   hive.html 26k The ultimate irreducibility of noise is a
   founding element of Lacans address to his ...
   1:54 AM Sarah Bunting of Tomato Nation writes about tech wars
   and the true
   tml 9k studies Psychology Title: Everything You Always
   Wanted to Know About Lacan Author: Slavoj Zizek. Diane
   James Sun, Snow and RainDiane James Tomato, Lettuce an
   true
   0915921.html 24k They had Aristotle, we had Jacques
   Lacan. They had Homer, we had Homer Simpson. ART
   AS A TOMATO: FRUIT OR VEGETABLE? KETCHUP OR SALSA? ...
   delay in the production of the plant hormone ethylene (Lacan
   and Bacou In tomato, inhibition of ethylene
   production by suppression of ACC synthase (Oeller et true
   Encyclopedia INFOSURR - Le surrealisme et ses alentours Jacques
   Lacan - lacan dot com zu Film,Theater und
   Fernsehsendungen SEQUENZ : berlin Tomato uk -flash ...
   pronoun references in Tomato clear 6 Of
   course, one of the meanings of word imaginary that
   Irigaray plays with is Jacques Lacans use of the term
   Rarely are pronoun references in Tomato
   clear 6 Of course, one of the meanings of word
   imaginary that Irigaray plays with is Jacques
   Lacans use of the term true

   End Lacan Tomato


_


Analysis of Carson, Analysis of Lacan Tomato, with Original Texts


Analysis of Carson


This is an exciting tale of the Malay Peninsula and the Seven Seas. I have
used the tale as a way of deconstructing Empire in the guise of Language.  
I have also played with History as you see, with Dylan Thomas for example,
and Conrad / Carson for another. Carson has an 's' and Conrad a 'd' thus
'sd' or 'said' reflecting on the telling of this tale which is also a Tale
of Origin. Am I not the pale White? Am I not lost, as my words are lost,
in the Fires of the World? This is about the Fires of the World, and the
sounds or Music, which is that of the cycles of Creation and Destruction.


Analysis of Lacan Tomato


One would not associate 'Lacan' and 'Tomato' but a forced enclosure will
necessarily generate narrative. Due to the prevalence of the Net and
distributed intelligence, the narrative may easily be constructed through
the use of a search engine and minor subsequent modifications of the
results. Without head or tail, the residue of the investigation does
indicate, as all, even false, investigations do, a relationship between
these terms and any others. Given that, the presence of protocol
sentences, or even 'true' and 'false' data, is submerged within the 
maelstrom of information.


Relation


Thus the relation between the Fires of the World and the maelstrom of
information, the disappearance of statement and the Empire of language,
becomes clear. Every text presupposes every other in my work, every text
is transformed by every other. The result is resonance, not entity. And
every text is fundamental, operative within the same sememe, producing the
same peripheral results. This work is the dance of theory.


Real-Life 


The coffee-pot just broke. We just returned from an excellent reading in 
zero-degree weather. Currently reading Ko Won, Buddhist Elements in Dada. 
The air purifier is working. The medication for hypothyroid is working. 
Our music tonight (trumpet, guitar) was tired and meandering. Can you 
photograph a slide with flash? A cathedral? The nighttime sky? The sun?
- Yes to all of these.


Carson


She's exhausted; the cold cuts through her. The mast is covered in ice. 
The boat is going under.


Lacan Tomato


The imaginary splits. The Real splits. The linguistic shifted shifts 
uncomfortably. Anamorphic readings bend truth, don't get rid of it. The 
slant truth meets the slanted mass. Ten below zero. The dance of theory.



   End Analysis


__


hakka-hakku


sleepy-time-k17%
brain-dead-k21%


__


Di heart of darkness in di jungle, di menace of sisters and animals, fires
burning in di night, typhoon, soft trade-winds bringing sisters and
sisters, ships that sail di sea, ta their senses, ta their destination, ta
di sun and di level ocean, ta di moon and di level sky -:aye, dis ya evil
haunting us forever, di bad lady notwithstanding, uma di native youth,
fiona di tall-lost love disappeared far before di tale begins, jim at di
helm, jim with di engines, jim with di beaufort scale over di top - I and
I just had ta look into her eyes, I and I were those of smadi hunted far
worse by himself an ever an enemy would bring ta di fore - their eyes
reflecting her, these pilgrims held ta di ground by their stern belief, di
captain grappling with di first mate, first mate with di engineer, stay
out of it, deh's di lush beauty of di islands, di dark beauty of di youth
-:my old friend.

- modified by www.lazaruscorporation.co.uk


_



i want my place in history


_


from: Ian S. Murray
Lacan Tomato - Summary @ 10%

   Lacan Tomato


   White-Tomato - Ecco - Womens eBooks - Passion in
   Lacan.    Lacan - lacan dot com zu Film,Theater und
   Fernsehsendungen SEQUENZ : berlin Tomato uk -flash ...
   End Lacan Tomato

Summary: Analysis of Carson, Analysis of Lacan
Tomato, with  Original Texts

Analysis of Carson, Analysis of Lacan Tomato, with Original Texts


Analysis of Lacan Tomato


results. Relation


The sun?
Carson


Lacan Tomato


Carson


the girl -:my old friend. life. -:aye, the natives and their fearsome
beliefs:aye, the voices breathing
aye, the voices breathing down our necks
typhoon, soft trade-winds bringing men and women, ships that sail the sea,
   Lacan Tomato


   Fabrice Roger-Lacan. true
   Ecco Spirit White-Delphin - Ecco - Womens Ecco Spirit
   White-Tomato - Ecco - Womens eBooks - Passion in
   Lacan.    Lacan - lacan dot com zu Film,Theater und
   Fernsehsendungen SEQUENZ : berlin Tomato uk -flash ...
   Rarely are pronoun references in Tomato
   End Lacan Tomato


__



I am thinking / Ian / filtered


Thee heart of darkness -eye-n the j-you-ngle, the mena-sea-e of
s-eye-sters and an-eye-mals, f-eye-res b-you-rn-eye-ng -eye-n the
n-eye-ght, typhoon, soft trade--do-you-ble--you---eye-nds br-eye-ng-eye-ng
s-eye-sters and s-eye-sters, sh-eye-ps that sa-eye-l de sea, to the-eye-r
senses, to the-eye-r dest-eye-nat-eye-on, to the s-you-n and the level
o-sea-ean, to the moon and the level sky - aye, th-eye-s yea ev-eye-l
ha-you-nt-eye-ng -you-s forever, the bad lady
not-do-you-ble--you---eye-thstand-eye-ng, Uma the nat-eye-ve yo-you-th,
F-eye-ona the tall-lost love that appeared far before the tale beg-eye-ns,
J-eye-m at the helm, J-eye-m -do-you-ble--you---eye-th the eng-eye-nes,
J-eye-m -do-you-ble--you---eye-th the Bea-you-fort s-sea-ale over the top
- Eye and Eye j-you-st had to look -eye-nto her eyes, Eye and Eye
-do-you-ble--you--ere those of s-do-you-ble--you--athe h-you-nted far
-do-you-ble--you--orse by h-eye-mself an ever an enemy
-do-you-ble--you--o-you-ld br-eye-ng to the fore - the-eye-r eyes
refle-sea-t-eye-ng her, these p-eye-lgr-eye-ms held to the gro-you-nd by
the-eye-r stern bel-eye-ef, the Capta-eye-n grappl-eye-ng
-do-you-ble--you---eye-th the F-eye-rst Mate, F-eye-rst Mate
-do-you-ble--you---eye-th the Eng-eye-neer, stay o-you-t of -eye-t, they's
the l-you-sh bea-you-ty of the -eye-slands, the dark bea-you-ty of the
yo-you-th -: my old fr-eye-end.


_


Empire


We are the first successful Empire in a century. We are the world's first
and last Superpower. We are not Amerika or Amerikkka. We are America. We
are proud of what we do. You are weak and we are strong. We are the
proudest people on earth. We own you. We control your economy through our
own and through force. You are using our Internet. Your country exists
because we allow it to exist. We invented radio and television. We
invented the airplane and the automobile. We are the new people. We are
the freest people on earth. We are determined to protect ourselves against
you. We control you. It doesn't matter what you think of us. It doesn't
matter what our people think of us. The Three Branches of Government are
owned by us. The Three Branches of Government will do what we tell them
to. We are the Three Branches of Government.  You can complain all you
want. You can think your country is yours. You can think whatever you
want. You will bark if we say bark. If you do not bark you are evil. If
you are evil we will destroy you. We will destroy you and your culture.
Our culture is Christian and good. We do not care if you are Godless. We
do not care what you believe. We will give you democracy. We own your
banks. You will free trade with us. We will starve you if you do not obey.
Your sports are stupid sports. Your songs are stupid songs. Your movies
are boring. Your television is backwards.  You are infidels. We have the
best sports. We really have the best sports. We will take what we want.  
You are nothing. You have earthquakes and fires and volcanos. You have
flooding rivers and millions killed. You are living in the bad areas of
the world. Our country is God-Given. Our country will take what we want.
Our soldiers are the most powerful who ever lived.  Our planes will bomb
you any time we want them to. Our military is perfect. There is no
destroying our country. The United States are stronger than any bomb. We
are stronger than any disease. You are punished with disease. We will let
you die if we want. We will take anything we want. We will sell you our
drugs. We are a great mixed salad of wealthy people. Our women are the
most beautiful in the world. Our men are the best athletes in the world.
We are the wealthiest people on earth. We live longer than anyone else on
earth. We deserve our lives. We deserve our wealth. We work harder than
anyone else for our wealth. Other people are lazy but we are not. Other
cultures are old but we are new. Other cultures are slow but we are fast.
We will never be slow and we will always be new. We own the moon and Mars.
We will own anything we want to own. Your words mean nothing. Your books
mean nothing. Your ideologies mean nothing. We will do what we have to do.
We have heard your stories over and over again and they are boring. The
Three Branches of Government will not listen to your complaints. The Three
Branches of Government will take what they want, build what they want,
destroy what they want, kill what they want to kill. Your thinking is
irrelevant. Your words are irrelevant. The Three Branches of Government
are tired of listening to you. You talk and talk because we own everything
you have. Your wars and revolutions are stupid. We will entertain you with
our world of entertainment. You will buy our entertainment. You will let
us manipulate you. You will beg for more. This is coming to you from our
Internet. Capitalism is successful and good. You are irrelevant. We own
you. We own everything you have. We own everything you think.


__



Visions and Structure of Empire



America. of proud we of what we do. what You do.
Amerika Amerikkka. or America. are proud are our
Amerika not or Amerika manipulate more. beg This
Amerikkka.  You America.  Amerikkka. proud
Branches Three Government of owned them by The
Christian care democracy. Godless.  care
Christian culture good.  democracy. you banks.
Christian is good. and think.
God-Given. most any powerful most who soldiers
Government.  of can You complain can all trade
Government. complain can all complain want.  If
Internet. country Your exists country because We
Internet. think. you __ __ you time any want we
Mars. and own. to words and listen not
Our beautiful most men Our athletes best The
Our most the powerful most who powerful songs.
Superpower. last not are Amerika not Your mean
There perfect. no is destroying We country. our
United The States United stronger are than We
United stronger States than culture. culture Our
We the are first the successful We last and
allow to it exist. to invented they again listen
and flooding of rivers have stories your over
any disease. any punished are let stupid are
are Internet. our Your force. you. own control
are fast. are never will be never no There
are have We best want. backwards. have infidels.
areas God-Given.  world. automobile. people.  
areas bad world. the God-Given. is are but lazy
athletes live wealthiest longer live wealthiest
backwards.  television infidels.  television. it
banks. free obey. great a mixed great salad
bark say if bark. say If bark. evil.  will die
bark say we bark. say If think. to. you
beautiful athletes else believe.  Godless. give
because Internet.  using Your Internet.
believe. democracy.  bomb planes any bomb time
believe. you give will coming Capitalism from
best have really fires bark. evil. are evil are
boring. are television Your successful the in
century. a world's the and flooding millions and
century. first We are first the are We first are
complaints. build want, kill build kill.  want,
complaints. your want, they build anyone longer
country because exists allow country. States
country yours. is whatever control economy your
cultures old fast. new.  care not Godless. are
deserve We lives. our wealth. our entertainment.
destroy will culture. beautiful women men
destroying no country.  bomb. United of proud
destroying want time but cultures not. fast.
do to.  tell Government.  yours. can with trade
drugs.  sell great men mixed great are bad the
else anyone deserve Other lives.  anything
entertainment. of buy will us our manipulate
ever planes Our bomb will any everything stupid.
evil evil. destroy good. culture. destroy Our
for else Other wealth. lazy world's or and
free with trade starve with sports starve us beg
freest automobile.  airplane new all is want.
have.  everything wars have. exist. radio
invented television.  radio fires earthquakes
irrelevant.  thinking tired killed.  millions
kill want, kill. to thinking Your weak earth.
kill. complaints.  listen think bark will if
killed. millions living for harder Other for
lazy slow but lazy not.  force. through using
lives. work wealth. harder work determined are
living soldiers bad living last not Superpower.
matter think you us. think military want
military Our perfect. is your Our We culture Our
mixed wealthy of women have fires and volcanos.
more. coming This from matter Branches you
new freest people. automobile. the new the
new. never mean be never always be moon or
not. are cultures fast. old are areas bad world.  
obey. free will trade free deserve wealth.  
ourselves It you. doesn't It matter airplane
over stories again over irrelevant. Government
own have. you wars Your television best
own.  Mars. words own. mean always will moon the
owned Government them owned by them will by do
owned will Government do will tell we them tell
people earth. on own We you. own control We your
people. new freest the backwards.  is infidels.
perfect.  military There perfect. new. are slow
powerful ever who lived.  ever planes lived.
protect against ourselves It against doesn't It
protect determined ourselves disease. let
protect to ourselves protect determined doesn't
proudest our people proudest on stronger bomb.  
proudest people our on people earth.  on own
punished die let anything die sell doesn't you
radio invented television. and airplane the
really We take will nothing. are earthquakes
revolutions and stupid. are entertain will world
revolutions wars stupid.  revolutions entertain
salad mixed wealthy salad women wealthy soldiers
songs movies songs. boring.  movies strong. are
sports.  stupid songs sports. stupid movies Your
sports. stupid songs Your songs. stupid boring.
starve will obey. not sports Your words books
stories again over they ideologies stories heard
strong.  weak proudest strong. our wealthiest
successful a in century. a take really nothing.  
take earthquakes nothing. talk You everything
than disease.  drugs. punished stronger bomb.
the live We longer live anyone than whatever if
they ideologies books heard work We harder work
think.  __ __ think. complain want. you is
through economy force.  through else anyone
through economy our through country Your exists
tired are listening of irrelevant. listening
tired talk listening kill thinking talk
to it exist. to invented We always Mars.  moon
us buy manipulate Capitalism beg ever who lived.  
us. Three The Branches Three Government to.
volcanos.  killed. flooding first in Empire a in
volcanos. rivers flooding millions rivers want,
what of we what do. we You do. weak are old slow
what think you us. of The us. Three economy your
will more. for This more. coming is from us
words books Your ideologies Your heard against
world entertain entertainment.  world buy using
world's last and Superpower.  you Capitalism
you anything take sell will drugs. the will tell
you. your control give banks.  sports obey.  
yours.  is whatever evil bark allow we it allow



most recent american friends of mine


11:43AM  up 13 days, 21:28, 62 users, load averages: 0.51, 0.74, 0.91
USER    TTY FROM              LOGIN@  IDLE WHAT
medawar  p0 h-68-167-21-171. 12:39AM     0 -tcsh 
dac      p1 bgm-66-24-162-11 Fri10AM 23:19 -tcsh 
aringsta p2 adsl-216-158-41- Fri05PM 18:15 -tcsh 
xuanmai  p3 24-29-152-179.ny 10:51AM     0 -
jolomo   p4 adsl-223-81-86.a  1:45AM  9:29 -zsh 
sterno   p5 167-78.nyc.dsl.a  5:00AM     0 elm 
adina    p6 FREDERICK-A-PARK 10:38AM     0 emacs 
nicajg   p7 162.33.198.11     5:54AM     0 lynx 
adane    p8 pool-64-222-32-1 11:06AM     0 -
unixgi   p9 c-24-0-121-131.c Fri10AM     0 -
dp       pa pool-68-161-220- 10:55AM     0 pine -i 
hoxley   pb h009083f10ccb.ne 10:30AM     0 tin 
isa      pd briac.net1.nerim Wed06PM 17:02 -tcsh 
rex      pe pool-141-157-214 Fri08AM  1:47 -
dcl      pf adsl-68-21-183-1 11:13AM     0 -zsh 
task     ph ool-182e2084.dyn  7:41AM     0 -bash 
catling  pi dsl254-020-196.s Fri10PM 11:07 pine -z 
michals  pj chello0621790362 11:19AM     0 -
rmcgee   pl user-uivenr6.dsl 10:58AM     0 /usr/loca 
rbf      pm ip68-13-52-249.o Sat12PM 11:07 -tcsh 
hood     pn pool-68-237-112- 10:18AM  1:08 -bash 
shalla   po firewall1.Lehman 10:57AM     0 mutt 
joelg    pp user-10mt3p5.cab 10:58AM     0 -
dannyb   pq 24-193-79-106.ny Fri11PM  1:47 /usr/loca 
ixl      pr fearn.pair.com   Fri08AM     0 trn4 -B - 
mittle   ps dialin-527-tnt.n 11:00AM     0 emacs-20. 
dberns   pt -                Tue12PM 34:37 -tcsh 
barrys   pu 216-99-207-162.c Mon02PM  7:12 -tcsh 
dannyb   pv -                06Jan04 11:07 /usr/loca 
mpollak  q0 coretel2-37.dyna 11:29AM     0 -
shino    q1 ool-4353a7ff.dyn Wed07PM  1:47 mutt 
kuper    q3 host241-117.pool 11:23AM     0 emacs 
jpk      q4 dsl254-102-129.n 06Jan04  1day -zsh 
mkc      q7 CPE-65-26-117-14  1:24AM     0 -bash 
jonzonk  q8 ool-44c085d0.dyn 11:09AM     0 -
jaco     q9 p67-40.acedsl.co Fri07PM  9:29 vim curri 
klh      qb adsl-209-233-18- 03Jan04     0 mm 
ebuda    qc bedford.lex.arbo Thu02PM 19:46 -tcsh 
dac      qe bgm-66-24-162-77 Fri12AM     0 -
brhodes  qf ool-18b8766f.dyn Thu11PM  9:29 pine -i 
barrys   qg 216-99-207-162.c Sun05PM  1:47 irc -d ba 
miriam   qh 162.33.198.11    11:12AM     0 -
danlevy  qi 167-11.nyc.dsl.a 11:37AM     0 pine -i 
ericsr   qj pm1.nyc.access.n 11:16AM     0 lynx http 
jolomo   qk atl190.turner.co Wed09AM 18:34 -zsh 
drogers  ql fw.44w.riskmetri Fri05PM 17:02 -bash 
dac      qm bgm-66-24-162-77 Fri12AM  9:29 -tcsh 
fizz     qn c-24-6-209-72.cl 11:20AM     0 -tcsh 
bsd      qo bgp539625bgs.ewn 11:26AM     0 -bash 
dac      qq bgm-66-24-162-11 Fri09AM 23:19 -tcsh 
sondheim qs pool-68-161-88-1 11:29AM     0 w 
tdbajus  r8 24-193-38-19.nyc Fri12PM 17:23 -
aringsta rd edmund.ssc.upenn 05Jan04 20:35 mutt 
anatoly  rq piinbh6-x0.ms.co Mon12PM 22:04 -
alexis   s0 66-108-201-237.n Wed12PM 20:39 /usr/loca 
alsontra s2 c-24-14-245-78.c Fri02PM  1:47 -
anthony  sc 64-35-136-226.go Fri12PM 15:57 -zsh 
phrrngtn sg infra1.nyc.desha 08Jan04  1day -bash 
sethb    si pinerivercapital Thu12PM 34:37 emacs 
lweith   sl virgil.harborfun Fri02PM 19:46 -
alexx    sm dsl092-079-160.b Fri03PM 19:46 -tcsh 
vasee    ft pool-162-83-141-  9:57AM     0 ftpd: poo 


__


688 Qianzi Wen

heaven earth black yellow heaven is black earth is yellow the cosmos the
cosmos are vast a desolate wasteland the sun fills the moon fills the sun
sets in the west it's dusk from to in the morning the constellations line
up it's a measure word they spread out cold comes the heat goes in autumn
the harvesting in winter the hiding concealing intercalary timing the
leftover residue becomes one tenth measurement of years so the lu bamboo
pitches shift position open clouds ascend galloping sending rain dew forms
becoming frost gold gives birth beautiful water jade emanates out from un
mountain summit the doubleedged dagger furiously named the huge gatetower
the pearl called the light of darkness the treasure of fruit plum apple
many vegetables mustard ginger the sea salted the rivers fresh fishscales
hidden in depths feathers circling above the fire dragon the emperor
teaching the phoenix the royal official men beginning making writing
characters then uniforms wearing robes clothing skirts clothing expel the
throne yield the country yao tang has predicted console the people strike
down the guilty hold the boundary talk and test with scalding trying a
case at court query the way bequeath and bow doubting the sections love
raise up the hosts the leaders minister prostrate the army barbarians near
and far one reality ration of the guest returning to the emperor the
phoenix cries in the bamboo the white colt grazes there change covers
grass and weeds vegetation trust attain a myriad directions square
covering the person issues giving birth to four great five is normal
respect connector alone the rearing of children ! flattering destroys and
injures women adore chastity unyielding men imitate pleasing genius know
what passes the certainty of change attainment of ability never neglect
deception the talk of the other is brief in disintegration reliance on the
self selfreliance is long faith the cause of should be covered protect
your faith the tool utensil of desire is trouble quantity measureword the
ink of sorrow sadness on silk is printed sadness stains the silk poetry
the praise of small lamb sheep sheep view scenery lines tied or linedup
wisdom restraint conquering of study makes creates the sage benevolence is
built the name stands the origin of shape proper upright model sky and
valley proclaim one's fame the empty chamber hall public room learn review
lessons carefully disaster catastrophe depends on is caused by the
accumulation of evil blessings fortune are caused by virtuous happiness
 meter scale ruler bijade circular disk with hole negative un treasure
 meter measurement small yin shadow moon sexual organs feminine secret is
just so to be emulated compete with the capital of the father parallels
the business affairs of the supreme ruler speak strictly accurately give
respect filial piety serves as accepts the end of power the power of
others devotion follows rules the end of life face meet confront the deep
tread put on shoes lightly dawn early in the morning prosper warm and pure
like an orchids this fragrance like a pines this prospers the river flows
not un stopping ceaselessly the depths abyss clear transparent take up
create a reflection contain form and stop if one is thinking say diction
classical rhetoric with quiet peaceful determination deliberate beginnings
sincerity fidelity beautiful beauty prudent all good ancient laws
honorable trade the place of foundation the rolls greatly nothing in the
end learn outstanding ascend to official service in addition to work obey
government survive by means of the wild pear go and increase the chant
music particularly is precious and humble rites as well are valuable and
low above harmony below harmonious the husband chants calls upon the wife
follows the external foreign accept pass on instructions enter the
internal music play music the mother of appearance ceremony all father's
sister father's older brother father's younger brother like the same as a
child compared to a son child think very much of each other elder brother
younger brother agreeing as mind ch'i spirit linking joining branches make
friends join and divide cut and polish precepts and rules kind humanity
conceal compassion create order not separation integrity justice gives
back honesty the wicked suffer setbacks loss of money a still nature
evades passion the heart moves the weary mind guard the truth with full
intention follow the idea and change your heart mind hold strictly steer
properly please the rank of office bind yourself city and village flourish
in the summer east and west two capitals one's back to the ong mountain
face the uo river floating ei river according to seize the ing heu river
the official government hall a tray with plum blossoms strong fragrance
from the tower watch look out as if flying be amazed drawing painting draw
paint birds and animals pictures colorful immortals hermits and spirits
the third stem give alms cottage abandon drawn near beside awaken
disclosure the first stem a curtain notebook album against answer reply
the pillar four wantonly bamboo mats establish a place drum play the lute
string se blow the sheng mouth reed instrument climb the stairs accept the
high steps of the throne the cap changes distrust the stars the right
direction passes through a broad interior the left attains holds
brightness already gathering the tomb ceremony again assembles a group of
flowers a withered peartree is faithful bells chimes to liscript servant
lacquered write on wall lining the classics jing the government bureaus
skeins command together mutually the path of the ancient swordsman the
scholar tree minister of state doors sealed eight of the counties homes
allowed for salary of one thousand soldiers troops the tall crown follows
the palanquin drive the wheel hubs shake the tassels the world grants
allowance luxury and wealth harness the vehicle palanquin prosper quickly
policy merits profusion of the truths reality engrave the monument
inscribe the inscription artist's signature tributary of ei small stream
that one an offiial rank head of ei the assistant subordinate sometimes
flatters sometimes judges under cover of home injustice abundant early
minute dawn who is conducting business gravemarking post prince uke uan
regulated the fit harmony help the weak assist help up the falling leaning
figured beautiful cloth wraps around the an hinese blessing four
kindnesses speech and emotion of the warrior man population the superior
man does things thoroughly and with urgency regulates important matters of
tate many scholars just so really peaceful tranquil in and hu change
supremacy hao and ei surrounded placed east to west the false road way
destroyed uo trample the earth join the alliance nterrogative particle how
do you abide by promises according to legal principles the an abuse
troubled they were punished rise up exterminate quite the magistrates
shepherds employ the army with the utmost skill proclaim announce your
might power across the desert galloping reputation gallops across reds and
blues painting nine provinces emperor u marked one hundred prefectures in
merged ie they were enlarged mountain ancestral is exalted ai meditation
ch'an en lord master chief speaks from the in the arbor ild oose ate and
the reat all purple pass the chicken field and the bare scarlet city walls
city lder rother ond and peak stone great open country and ong ing ake
wilderness vast spacious distant continuous and remote cliff and cave
mountain dim and obscure and deep obscure netherworld government rooted in
regard to agriculture devote one's efforts to now sow and reap gather
harvest begin the year to carry in the south mu about acres my artful
planting of glutinous millet and millet taxes in the ripe grain tribute in
the new grain to develop reward dismiss expel and ascend encius engke
honest simple plain historian u grasps straightforward closest to octrine
of the ean iddle ay toil modestly cautiously

the ch'in stringed instrument

good and wonderful

question or problem

gate

grammatical predicates help assist er helper where particle exclamatory or
interrogative particle interrogative particle as well


__


Tao



Collaboration between Reiner Strasser and Alan Sondheim

http://nonfinito.de/tao/

or

http://www.asondheim.org/tao/



__


http://www.asondheim.org/oooo.mov

europe 1915

it is waiting



_


MAX


the purpose of a corporation is to maximize profits for its officers.
there is no other reason for the existence of a corporation. a corporation
is not bound by any regulations it can avoid. a corporation, like water,
finds its way towards the maximum. a corporation should have no regard for
human or other life. a so-called 'whistle-blower' is a traitor to a
corporation and should be dealt with accordingly. a corporation should
attempt to minimize competition any way possible. to critique a
corporation is always besides the point. a corporation should heed
criticism only to the extent that such criticism results in less
maximization of profits. the purpose of a family is to maximize children
for its parents. there is no other reason for the existence of a family. a
family is not bound by any regulations it can avoid. a family, like water,
finds its way towards the maximum. a family should have no regard for
human or other life. a so-called 'whistle-blower' is a traitor to a family
and should be dealt with accordingly. a family should attempt to minimize
competition any way possible. to critique a family is always besides the
point. a family should heed criticism only to the extent that such
criticism results in less maximization of children.  the purpose of a
religion is to maximize spiritual benefit and control for its true
believers. there is no other reason for the existence of a religion. a
religion is not bound by any regulations it can avoid. a religion, like
water, finds its way towards the maximum. a religion should have no regard
for human or other life. a so-called 'whistle-blower' is a traitor to a
religion and should be dealt with accordingly. a religion should attempt
to minimize competition any way possible. to critique a religion is always
besides the point. a religion should heed criticism only to the extent
that such criticism results in less maximization of spiritual benefit and
control. the purpose of a species is to maximize the gene-pool for its
members. there is no other reason for the existence of a species. a
species is not bound by any regulations it can avoid. a species, like
water, finds its way towards the maximum. a species should have no regard
for human or other life. a so-called 'whistle-blower' is a traitor to a
species and should be dealt with accordingly. a species should attempt to
minimize competition any way possible. to critique a species is always
besides the point. a species should heed criticism only to the extent that
such criticism results in less maximization of the gene-pool.


__


ten stick men

||||||||||

one stick woman

|



two stick men

||

eight stick women

||||||||

three stick children

|||


AMERICAN OIL


whats going on How can I get to.. let me see... What's up?
GlRLS7\/\/H00SQUlRT when They2CU|\/|! smash barricades
8ReaI FemaIe EjacuIation! The thing is
bush-man fucks delicate julu with big bush-man stereotype cock
EThe6\/\/ettest PUSSlES! try to understand
T0|\|S of \/lDE0s, PH0T0s, Ll\/ECFBF9U3C0KE4BSH0\/\/s! in 1949
30 D/\YS for a 1 D0LL/\R - lT's1RE/\L! in 1874
julu spreads big pussy-cunt for bush-man big-cock oil 
in 1954 E|\|TER! in 2007 it's for you.
to see you no more How about you?
It's funny e}>3 million in race case in 1804
in 1902 i'm sorry in 1964 normally cost
julu black-oil squirt from asshole cunt whipped by big-cock bush-man
bush-man asshole leak gasoline into julu mouth >> \/\/\/
julu piss spits kerosene into big-cock hole of big-cock bush-man
30 D/\YS for a 1 D0LL/\R - lT's1RE/\L! in 1874
stereotype terror kills dirty kike ragheads filled with oil-burst
bushman splits oil-burst skulls slobbering julu oil-skin
big-tit blond julu with oil-black gunk-hair of bush-man stuffed
with kike ragheads
T0|\|S of \/lDE0s, PH0T0s, Ll\/ECFBF9U3C0KE4BSH0\/\/s! in 1949
bush-man wins big kills julu
bush-man gnaws on big julu oily tits and oily pussy-cunt
bush-man swallows bush-man big cock
to see you no more How about you?
GlRLS7\/\/H00SQUlRT when They2CU|\/|! smash barricades
whats going on How can I get to.. let me see... What's up?


_



From sondheim@panix.com Tue Jan 20 00:30:57 2004
Date: Tue, 20 Jan 2004 00:30:33 -0500 (EST)
From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix.com>
To: UB Poetics discussion group <POETICS@LISTSERV.BUFFALO.EDU>

[In response to a meditation on codework and the World Trade Center, among 
other things - I thought it might be of interest by itself, here.]

I think it's in Michael Benedikt's Cyberspace: First Steps, all the way
from the early 90s, the idea of a liquid architecture - which unites the
post-WTC hybrids and code itself; the latter is mobile, always in flux,
protocol-dependent, software/hardware dependent, just as these letters are
written in 'lower ascii,' another code necessary placed in the sendmail
protocols, the tcp/ip protocols, all the way back and forth among routers,
operating systems, radio transmissions, even wireless protocols. And there
is always a bit of illumination realizing that hitting a key on a computer
keyboard INTERRUPTS, and is read as an interrupt, that communication is an
interference in quietude or flux.

At night one loses sleep, is it codes or noise and chaos? Wolfram provides
a way out, the simplest codes tending towards enormously complex chaotic
structures reminiscent of noise, but not annihilating. My own pessimistic
tendency heads towards plasmas, the inconceivable alienness of space, dark
matter, strings, quarks with problematic spins, all these things tearing
at our pretence to eternity and even towards comprehensino. Brillouin, a
French physicist, created the idea decades ago that our knowledge of the
physical world is tied directly to economics - the larger the machinery,
the more energy consumed - the greater the number of anomalies. It's not
even known if there's an end to it. The current Linux Journal describes
software developed to manage the industrial processes of high-energy
physics machine fabrication - already another mini-industry in itself.

Code or annihilation of code, presence or absence, interrupting parasite
or well-loved guest, the world is a miracle.

- Alan

http://www.asondheim.org/ http://www.asondheim.org/portal/.nikuko
http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt
Trace projects http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/index.htm
finger sondheim@panix.com


uns*bscr%b^


spam 'uns*bscr%b^' notices: we've got the encompassing of the dialectic
just as marxism and psychoanalysis attempt to absorb all contradictions.
think of spam as the theory of capital.

or as the false theory of capital, or as sartre's theory of the
inauthentic: for 'uns*bscr%b^' rarely works, but in fact contributes to
the maximization of profits.

the dialectic has no resolution; capital oozes in, transforms the ontology 
to its proper status: that of abstract and increasing quantity.

the opposite is the same, vis-a-vis irigaray: if one does not click on 
uns*bscr%b^, one, by default, contributes to spam's increased production:
'i want it.' thus the opposite is eliminated 'in any case,' of which 
wittgenstein's 'the world is all that is the case' is more than apropos.

even here, in this brief notice, one must protect oneself: uns*bscr%b^.


-


Date: Tue, 20 Jan 2004 21:43:30 -0500
From: Ian S. Murray <ISMurray@compuserve.com>
Subject: Summary of Empire

proudest people on earth. Your country exists the freest people on earth.
The Three Branches of Government are We are the Three Branches of
Government.  You will bark if we say bark. If Your sports are stupid
sports. Your songs are stupid songs. flooding rivers and millions killed.
the world. destroying our country. earth. irrelevant. The Three Branches
of Government our world of entertainment. Internet.

Commentary by Alan: that's about it.


fiction, passage


i am addicted to novels. i am reading journey to
the west. wonderful elements of taoism. magical
taoism whick killed the emperor. ennin wrote
about that. you see the emperor was taking magic
elixirs to live for ever. but no one lives
forever! monkey is in it but it reads very
differently in the full version than in waley's
condensation. also five taoist classics which
contains the chinese; i can make out a sentence
or two. the character for 'between' is useful.  

most popular novels are pretty bad. plots are
exaggerated and you have to be a dunce to fall
for the willing suspension of disbelief. things
are added in incoherency in order to manipulate
the reader. the world is picaresque; these novels
are not. there are always criminals teasing
lawmakers because we know that criminals want to
be caught. they are criminals! and there are
conspiracies as well; nothing exists in terms of
appearance only. it's magical belief! elixir! it
kills.

as does the addiction itself. my head fills with
swollen emptiness. no exaggeration, it will go
off with a bang. so i'm turning to mencius; he's
got cases, anecdotes, and questioning that can
only remind one of xenophon's socrates. for there
are many socrates, the world splits as well. 

are you aware that i'm nearer to death than you
are? soon i will see inconceivable things, things
you might dream of forever. the world will turn
dark and these words will be all that's left.


_


Wireless Mass Conglomeration at LinuxWorld 2004 Convention New York City


51 networks detected. Run-time 7 minutes. Please forward any indications
of greater intensities. Summary (details follow):

Network 1: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:31:45:07"
Network 2: "intel1" BSSID: "00:06:25:B6:5D:F1"
Network 3: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:06:25:D6:4F:E9"
Network 4: "awesome" BSSID: "00:05:4E:81:04:80"
Network 5: "lwny04exbr" BSSID: "00:40:96:51:E7:0A"
Network 6: "822_G" BSSID: "00:90:4B:42:B3:39"
Network 7: "tribeca" BSSID: "00:0D:28:88:C7:0F"
Network 8: "temp1-today" BSSID: "00:02:2D:5F:A9:F2"
Network 9: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:47:B9:70"
Network 10: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:52:EF:7C"
Network 11: "w00tful" BSSID: "00:06:25:D9:8D:1A"
Network 12: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:51:EE:F4"
Network 13: "shaolin" BSSID: "00:0D:88:A0:01:85"
Network 14: "MSHOME" BSSID: "00:50:F2:C9:03:A8"
Network 15: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:0C:41:D3:99:99"
Network 16: "harris" BSSID: "00:40:05:DE:56:00"
Network 17: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:06:25:62:F1:E0"
Network 18: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:06:25:59:8C:56"
Network 19: "onenet" BSSID: "00:04:23:73:EA:0A"
Network 20: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:56:CE:B3"
Network 21: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:30:94:0F"
Network 22: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:06:25:86:8F:ED"
Network 23: "TESTCELL" BSSID: "00:A0:F8:4A:35:23"
Network 24: "tsunami" BSSID: "00:02:8A:4B:14:C1"
Network 25: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:52:5E:49"
Network 26: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:29:BF:FE"
Network 27: "router" BSSID: "00:06:25:03:ED:E5"
Network 28: "lwnyhotspot" BSSID: "00:90:4B:1B:E8:62"
Network 29: "linuxdesktopconsortium" BSSID: "00:05:3C:09:00:AB"
Network 30: "lwnyhotspot" BSSID: "00:0B:33:06:0B:C2"
Network 31: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:52:D5:89"
Network 32: "tribeca" BSSID: "00:30:65:2A:67:03"
Network 33: "tribeca" BSSID: "00:0D:28:88:C9:34"
Network 34: "Syntegra" BSSID: "00:0B:33:01:5A:CC"
Network 35: "Syntegra" BSSID: "00:0B:33:01:5A:CD"
Network 36: "lwny04exap" BSSID: "00:09:B7:7B:7B:A8"
Network 37: "mit_demo" BSSID: "00:80:C8:23:65:57"
Network 38: "Apple" BSSID: "3E:E0:AB:2A:F4:63"
Network 39: "linuxquestions" BSSID: "00:09:5B:3B:26:7A"
Network 40: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:09:5B:72:80:04"
Network 41: "DesktopLinuxConsortium" BSSID: "00:07:40:C4:5A:F5"
Network 42: "TESTCELL" BSSID: "00:50:18:05:AF:88"
Network 43: "default" BSSID: "00:A0:F8:39:B6:37"
Network 44: "nylug" BSSID: "00:40:05:B7:E0:F5"
Network 45: "lwny04exap" BSSID: "00:0A:8A:A2:AE:7F"
Network 46: "lwny04sun" BSSID: "00:40:96:2A:22:4C"
Network 47: "lycoris" BSSID: "02:02:8C:67:1F:95"
Network 48: "lwny04exap" BSSID: "00:09:7C:2C:7F:53"
Network 49: "linksys" BSSID: "00:02:8A:3E:69:AC"
Network 50: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:04:5A:E4:AB:D7"
Network 51: "lwny04exbr" BSSID: "00:40:96:36:01:31"

Network 1: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:31:45:07"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "ebr3"
    Channel  : 03
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 8
    Data     : 78
    Crypt    : 5
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 86
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"
    Address found via TCP 0.0.0.0

Network 2: "intel1" BSSID: "00:06:25:B6:5D:F1"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 07
    WEP      : "Yes"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 33
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 33
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"

Network 3: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:06:25:D6:4F:E9"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 06
    WEP      : "Yes"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 25
    Data     : 1
    Crypt    : 1
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 26
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"

Network 4: "awesome" BSSID: "00:05:4E:81:04:80"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 17
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 17
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"

Network 5: "lwny04exbr" BSSID: "00:40:96:51:E7:0A"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 3
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 3
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"

Network 6: "822_G" BSSID: "00:90:4B:42:B3:39"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 54.0
    LLC      : 1
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 1
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"

Network 7: "tribeca" BSSID: "00:0D:28:88:C7:0F"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "south_4"
    Channel  : 06
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 11
    Data     : 1
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 12
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"

Network 8: "temp1-today" BSSID: "00:02:2D:5F:A9:F2"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 1
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 1
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"

Network 9: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:47:B9:70"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "ebr22"
    Channel  : 04
    WEP      : "Yes"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 4
    Data     : 6
    Crypt    : 5
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 10
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"

Network 10: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:52:EF:7C"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 04
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 0.0
    LLC      : 19
    Data     : 124
    Crypt    : 11
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 143
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"
    Address found via TCP 65.217.0.0

Network 11: "w00tful" BSSID: "00:06:25:D9:8D:1A"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 06
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 54.0
    LLC      : 51
    Data     : 4
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 55
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"
    Address found via TCP 192.168.1.246

Network 12: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:51:EE:F4"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "ebr6"
    Channel  : 09
    WEP      : "Yes"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 5
    Data     : 19
    Crypt    : 19
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 24
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:50 2004"

Network 13: "shaolin" BSSID: "00:0D:88:A0:01:85"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 06
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 36.0
    LLC      : 41
    Data     : 42
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 83
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:48 2004"

Network 14: "MSHOME" BSSID: "00:50:F2:C9:03:A8"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 06
    WEP      : "Yes"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 36
    Data     : 5
    Crypt    : 5
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 41
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"

Network 15: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:0C:41:D3:99:99"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 06
    WEP      : "Yes"
    Maxrate  : 54.0
    LLC      : 19
    Data     : 2
    Crypt    : 2
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 21
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"

Network 16: "harris" BSSID: "00:40:05:DE:56:00"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 06
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 42
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 42
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:48 2004"

Network 17: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:06:25:62:F1:E0"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 06
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 47
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 47
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"

Network 18: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:06:25:59:8C:56"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 06
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 46
    Data     : 2
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 48
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"

Network 19: "onenet" BSSID: "00:04:23:73:EA:0A"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 18
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 18
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:46 2004"

Network 20: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:56:CE:B3"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "ebr5"
    Channel  : 09
    WEP      : "Yes"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 30
    Data     : 24
    Crypt    : 24
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 54
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:50 2004"

Network 21: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:30:94:0F"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "ebr11"
    Channel  : 04
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 0.0
    LLC      : 26
    Data     : 131
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 157
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"
    Address found via TCP 65.217.0.0

Network 22: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:06:25:86:8F:ED"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 06
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 45
    Data     : 2
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 47
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"

Network 23: "TESTCELL" BSSID: "00:A0:F8:4A:35:23"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 5
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 5
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:48 2004"

Network 24: "tsunami" BSSID: "00:02:8A:4B:14:C1"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 9
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 9
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:43 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"

Network 25: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:52:5E:49"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 0.0
    LLC      : 0
    Data     : 24
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 24
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:44 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"
    Address found via TCP 65.217.141.96

Network 26: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:29:BF:FE"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "ebr14"
    Channel  : 03
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 9
    Data     : 7
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 16
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:44 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"
    Address found via ARP 65.217.141.254

Network 27: "router" BSSID: "00:06:25:03:ED:E5"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 04
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 5
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 5
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:45 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:48 2004"

Network 28: "lwnyhotspot" BSSID: "00:90:4B:1B:E8:62"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 54.0
    LLC      : 1
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 1
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:46 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:46 2004"

Network 29: "linuxdesktopconsortium" BSSID: "00:05:3C:09:00:AB"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 1
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 1
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:46 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:46 2004"

Network 30: "lwnyhotspot" BSSID: "00:0B:33:06:0B:C2"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 01
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 0.0
    LLC      : 10
    Data     : 2
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 12
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:46 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"
    Address found via TCP 10.0.0.10

Network 31: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:40:96:52:D5:89"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 03
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 2
    Data     : 2
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 4
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:46 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"

Network 32: "tribeca" BSSID: "00:30:65:2A:67:03"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 1
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 1
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:46 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:46 2004"

Network 33: "tribeca" BSSID: "00:0D:28:88:C9:34"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "south_3"
    Channel  : 11
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 1
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 1
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"

Network 34: "Syntegra" BSSID: "00:0B:33:01:5A:CC"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 11
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 1
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 1
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"

Network 35: "Syntegra" BSSID: "00:0B:33:01:5A:CD"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 11
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 2
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 2
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"

Network 36: "lwny04exap" BSSID: "00:09:B7:7B:7B:A8"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 4
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 4
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"

Network 37: "mit_demo" BSSID: "00:80:C8:23:65:57"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 10
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 22.0
    LLC      : 4
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 4
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"

Network 38: "Apple" BSSID: "3E:E0:AB:2A:F4:63"
    Type     : ad-hoc
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 11
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 54.0
    LLC      : 6
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 6
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"

Network 39: "linuxquestions" BSSID: "00:09:5B:3B:26:7A"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 10
    WEP      : "Yes"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 6
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 6
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"

Network 40: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:09:5B:72:80:04"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 11
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 4
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 4
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:48 2004"

Network 41: "DesktopLinuxConsortium" BSSID: "00:07:40:C4:5A:F5"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 11
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 6
    Data     : 1
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 7
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:48 2004"

Network 42: "TESTCELL" BSSID: "00:50:18:05:AF:88"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 10
    WEP      : "Yes"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 12
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 12
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:50 2004"

Network 43: "default" BSSID: "00:A0:F8:39:B6:37"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 11
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 5
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 5
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:47 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:48 2004"

Network 44: "nylug" BSSID: "00:40:05:B7:E0:F5"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 02
    WEP      : "Yes"
    Maxrate  : 22.0
    LLC      : 3
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 3
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:48 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"

Network 45: "lwny04exap" BSSID: "00:0A:8A:A2:AE:7F"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 1
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 1
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:48 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:48 2004"

Network 46: "lwny04sun" BSSID: "00:40:96:2A:22:4C"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 6
    Data     : 3
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 9
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:48 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"
    Address found via TCP 65.217.141.0

Network 47: "lycoris" BSSID: "02:02:8C:67:1F:95"
    Type     : ad-hoc
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 10
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 1
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 1
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"

Network 48: "lwny04exap" BSSID: "00:09:7C:2C:7F:53"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 2
    Data     : 8
    Crypt    : 8
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 10
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:50 2004"

Network 49: "linksys" BSSID: "00:02:8A:3E:69:AC"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 5
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 5
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"

Network 50: "<no ssid>" BSSID: "00:04:5A:E4:AB:D7"
    Type     : infrastructure
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 0.0
    LLC      : 0
    Data     : 1
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 1
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:49 2004"

Network 51: "lwny04exbr" BSSID: "00:40:96:36:01:31"
    Type     : probe
    Carrier  : 802.11b
    Info     : "None"
    Channel  : 00
    WEP      : "No"
    Maxrate  : 11.0
    LLC      : 3
    Data     : 0
    Crypt    : 0
    Weak     : 0
    Total    : 3
    First    : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:50 2004"
    Last     : "Wed Jan 21 13:23:50 2004"



    ___


http://www.asondheim.org/empire.jpg

small homage
in the tropics
connect


__
