


Noise Culture: _Thing I_


*Pity for the world. let the new knowledge come.*
*- Michel Serres, _Detachments_*

*The poetic moans of this century are only sophisms.*
*- Lautreamont, _Poesies_*

"No place left to go and no money to take you there, abjection itself
will become the last accessible frontier. But the wherewithal to
undertake this exploration has been severely blunted by the media's
aestheticizing the hell out of horror. Thus the abjects. They explode
the aesthetic filters slapped on horror, restoring it to the capacity
to affect again."
- Biba Kopf, "Bacillus Culture" in _Tape Delay,_ ed. Charles Neal


Approaching the second millennium, culture undergoes a great transfor-
mation, the revenge of surplus and excess. Totality fragments; frag-
ments clutter; clutter accumulates. The social itself is wounded; with
the disappearance of the great narratives (progress, self, family,
religion, science, all tending towards the _ultimate_), an exponen-
tially increasing number of tragedies - criminality, starvation, pov-
erties, plant and animal extinctions - traverse the depths of a dam-
aged planet. The human(e) is broken, identified now only with fic-
tions. "Noise Culture" refers to both this state of affairs and var-
ious (sub)cultural responses. Noise culture is normative; culture
undergoes splintered intensifications, floods, dissipations...

---

Noise culture exists as social turbulence, invaded by parasites -
fragments of incomplete data-banks, addresses, indirect and coded add-
resses, all operating within the incoherency of an outmoded concept of
"truth" - a concept with proliferating falsifications. Logic itself
has become exhausted as the foundation of mathematical culture. Decon-
struction and its trace vanishes, without a trace. The fatigue of the
body dominates and compresses the clarity of thought (what was thought
to be clarity), which becomes nothing more than an occupational privi-
lege, bound only to immediate situations and their promise of economic
and sexual power - the checkmating of the professional elite.

Absolute identity (A=A) is no longer of any consequence; even the de-
gree zero of cultural anomie has vanished, replaced by a null set de-
fined as the set of those things not equal to themselvs. Within this
accumulation of virtual displacements (crises of identity), contradic-
tion is impossible, replaced only by waywardness - the crafty smile,
the eroticism of sleaziness. This waywardness, this contrary (as in
the "contrary child") inhabits a universe whose ethical structure is
sham; what's left is strategy and happenstance.

Contradictions themselves "float" as temporary, part objects. In place
of the well-defined semantic field (the occasion of a theory of com-
petence), one notes a swollen semiosis (sign production) possessing
fissures intead of inscriptions: definitions are temporary, occurring
at the weakest point of the communicative domain. Such fissures pass
for the entities of a traditional linquistics, but their occasion
within speech or grammatological acts is chaotic, catastrophic, and
ill-defined. (One need only consider the use of words such as
"health," "drug," "intervention," "postmodern," "sado-masochism"
now, and forevermore.) There is no memory or tradition at work;
instead, memory becomes a construct inherited from the photographic;
the representative contents of recall are nothing more than current
representations, simulacrua, virtual subjectities, Kodak-content.
"Communication," "community," both reserved for the past tense, are
American imaginaries; the Aquarian itself is tied to a surplus econ-
omics and demographics of New Age illiteracies.

Noise culture is replete with the parasitic, commodity culture feeding
upon real and unreal human needs and the creation/isolation of data
bank fragments (dating services, mailing lists, etc.). Given the expo-
nential rise of information in post-industrial society, given the con-
trary and imminent nature of this information, given the transvalua-
tion of all truth-values, and given the problematics of scientific
and technological progress - then information becomes _viral,_ inhabi-
ting the linguistic, decaying within it, and having no immanent value
whatsoever. Noise culture is a culture of confusions, conflations - a
culture of the inconceivable; it is unbelievable, because belief it-
self is refused entrance, except as imminent construct. What is seized
is purely the momentary hiatus amidst the chattering of signifiers.
Philosophy has become _Das Mann,_ for example, and as example, philo-
sophy is further abandoned.

In place of any consideration of the modernist paradigm of _cultural
objects_ (paintings, estates, media, within formalist or New-Critical
paradigms), consider the phenmenology of the _cultural site._ The
accumulation of artworks exists, but existence is transgressive; the
context is mobile, wobbly, and competitive (in the sense that any
_jostling_ is competitive). What once were considered objects are now
objects of (impure) representation, formally identified as the union
of the intersection of their family of descriptions; such an inexact
definition (i.e. what constitutes a painting, human being, person)
becoms a fissure within the swollen cultural domain, a fissure accor-
ding to the lines of wekeast resistance, but a fissure nonetheless
which passes as an inscription - a temporary demarcation which may
even, under exceptinal circumstances, last the life of the organism.
(Thus an _inscription_ is a "classical" demarcation within a culture's
mapping of the world, while a _fissure_ is an ambiguous, temporary,
and commodified demarcation of both the real and increasingly remote
layers of representation.)

_Prejudice_ expands within the boundary-zones; born out of the swol-
len, it is the "simplest thing in the world," collapsing the need for
real observation. Anything for demarcation, transcendence; godding and
the sexual play similar roles. Bondage/domination and sado-masochisms
temporarily harden what appear to be permanent positions of the
body(politic). Within noise culture, then, all communication is dis-
torted, and distorted _necessarily._ Clutter carries no memory, no
history, no competency. Seriality is always on the horizon. Bodies
penetrate and grapple. People sigh and borrow from one another.

Clutter contains no memory; the absence of history, history adjudica-
ted and collapsed, is characteristic of noise culture. History elim-
inates noise from temporality; as a process of reorganization, it pro-
duces the purity of historical process. History does what the present
cannot do; cause and effect apear incontrovertible and the cluttered
horizon of everyday life disappears into discourses on power, econom-
ics, media, bodies, and demographics. With the accumulation of infor-
mation across the planet, there are more and more calls for reogran-
izations which are problematized upon their creation; history has be-
come histories (mystories, herstories), and local history descends
into the mythopoeic, the realm of legend which futilely inscribes it-
self as "tradition" against the incrusion of electronic media (emp-
loyed by local history as a matter of record) - more information, more
histories. Memory disappears into legend and exhaustion. There are no
conclusions to be drawn (no _time_ to draw them in). (History, histor-
y, history.)

Romanticisms (jogging, art-school, substance abuse consultations) ap-
pear in which individuality is promulgated as defense; no one listens.
There is no longer anyone to listen; there are no sites for competen-
cies. The best one hopes for is computer matchups, successful search-
ing, links in which information may be exchanged without decay and the
presence of computer viruses, which clutter up the _immediate_ works.
More and more, the binary interiority of the computer dominates; the
output is _monitored_ and nothing more (everything watches everything
else). Dialogs are reduced to microdialogs which circulate endlessly
in eccentric space - phallocratic and headless dialogs, situational
ethics, invaded by noise and parasites, dying and reborn endlessly
(nothing dies within the loop; power runs out).

The (transnational, managerial) corporate domain is also invaded: ter-
rorism, viruses, sabotage, and bureaucratic labor continually coll-
apse, on a local level, economic structures parasitic upon an increas-
ingly depleted planet. Still, this domain speaks the totalization of
culture everywhere; it's as if the culture were One but the "family of
man" syndrome has long been deconstructed. Familiality, the sheer
goodness of things and commodities, is questionable amidst famine,
drug culture, the neutralizations of late captalism - questioned
everywhere; the most totalitarian systems leak within and without the
world information (dis)order.

The body becomes a production of the state; by capital; by scarcity;
by itself within noise culture, wherre it collapses into part-objects
and representations. Character becomes an accumulation of "character
traits," which give the appearance of being able to be rearranged at
will, as smokers stop smoking, entrepreneurs make fabulous fortunes
from foreclosures, and men and women stop fucking in a viral atmos-
phere still reeling under the myth of hygiene and self-control. Traits
and body parts, sexualities and aggressions, circulate in a space of
information overload; this is the liquidity of organic information
where the body collapses in fissures and abjections. Again: No one
listens, because no one can. As usual, the "media" become problematic
(designed for the body!) with the introduction of new information
displays, formats and sensations. Enter noise culture's _media dump_:
the accumulation of battered television sets, video disks, vinyl
records, CDs, old computers - "it's cheaper to get a new one" ...
Clutter transforms into _rubbish._

In noise culture, bureaucracy and language are _viral_ themselves; the
former is paralleled by T2 or T4 bacteriophage, which possesses modu-
larity, assembly-line technique, and the bacterium as a market inves-
tment transformed back into itself. Everything is absorbed within the
bureaucracy, which ideally possesses no inputs or outputs. Starvation
and a mismanaged (managed) ecosystem are the result. Language, too, is
manipulated on the model of _1984;_ the part-objects of social reali-
ties are bureaucratically constructed. Words are identified with
manipulation; released, they result in idle chatter dominated by pre-
judice and confusion. (No one admits this, the poverty of language,
the abject fear and sorrow that lie just beneath the surface of most
of us. No longer speaking, we try out speech; no longer thinking, we
try out thought. No wonder so many turn to the frozen realm of ideo-
logy - Christian fundamentalism, right-to-life, RCP, whatever. Cert-
ainly the thought of the Other, which can pass for our own, structures
lives in a fast-forward culture where reality and Otherness themselves
are problematic. The Christ-narrative continues to find expression,
moving from cultural center, however, to the periphery of empowering
the bitter and meek.) Even the Freudian model of loss, retrieval, and
reconstruction (symbolized by the "Fort-Da" all over again) has been
transformed into the bureaucratic shuffle of memory input and recall,
across the confusion of conflicting data-bases within an impotently
totalizing eye (Foucault's Panopticon).

The Panopticon itself records everything, loss everything; epistemo-
logies shift under its eyes which always operate across the wrong
spectra. Information is assorted piecemeal (knowledge is replaced by
knowledge management, knowledge management by turbulent information
flows), and the result is the "block" of dead langage - the adver-
tisement, propaganda message, little (colored) book, holding things
together within the flux of distorted communication. (Hence the nai-
vete and absurdity of the conclusion of Lyotard's _The Postmodern
Condition:_ open access to data banks is literally open access to
_nothing._) The tens of thousands of commercial messages one is ex-
posed to every day conflict; the message is always _Buy!_ but the
effect, like everything else, is one of increased noise and destruc-
turation.

_Noise_ is literally that in noise culture - an effusion or emission
of partial signifiers everywhere and nowhere at all, and an effusion
which transgresses ontological and epistemological boundaries on a
random basis. Teleology becmes an accumluation of "asides" and
deflections; _goals_ are presented fully immersed in discourses which
are impossible to unravel (the soap-opera approach to life). "Truth-
values" become smeared across these (broken) discourses, ultimately
referring to a conflation of noisy logics. This noise is compounded by
a parasitology composed of AIDS, computer viruses, advertising, piece-
meal ideologies, criminalities, bureaucracies... Behavior appears _ab
nihilo_ and protean. This noise cannot be modelled (i.e. reduced to a
chaotic domain), since it partakes of ontological confusion on one
hand, and the imminence of making-do on the other. Nothing coheres.

---

Noise culture is the culture of the _worn,_ worn-out, the culture of
exhaustion. It is abject, corroding whatever mythopoeic sites are
left. Pure power remains the only immobility, ultimately grounded in
the asolute speed of nuclear retaliation. In reality, confusion reigns
in the battlefield, equally ill-defined. Civilians and soldiers alike
are ground up in a general slaughter. The pessimist might assume that
all states are states of total war - internal, external, or both. War
has been transformed from a series of operations ("battle," "strikes")
to a _condition,_ within and without the parasitic. Noise culture is a
civilian response to a situation of fear, foreboding, and information
overload, to which the body responds by a continuous literal decon-
struction (no metaphysics here!), including drug culture. Dulled and
disassembled, producing and reproducing the lie, one move _in media
res, in extremis._ The cords binding the body in sado-masochistic
theater spell out in hieroglyphic everything and nothing that remain
to be spoken. The stutterings of desire, cries of infinite orgasm, are
the only _hygienic_ result (take the plunge!).

Looking!: Take the plunge! The gaze is dissolved; there's no longer a
site for it. The gaze collapses into aimless and endless loops of
saccadean, protean movement. Absorbing absence, it's replaced by a
glance which covets power. (Think of the Obsession and Charlie perfume
ads, existing between gaze and glance, mediated by commodity, search-
ing surface, producing a body-economics and nothing else.) Only porn-
ography remains as absolution within noise culture, contributing to
its parasitology - only pornography provides the site for the collapse
of distorted communication into the immediacy and arousal of the body.
Erect tissue chatters until its completion (complementation) within
itself. (And flesh is everywhere, resonating in the quantum domain;
noise culture is also the _release_ of the flesh, from object into
millenarian field.)

In daily life, however, the glance predominates - the glance whose
province is clutter itself. The glance is a _moment in retreat,_ a
continuous search and withdrawal. This retreat is (as simulacrum)
inverted in the video or computer game, with their temporary total-
izations of space, time, and power; the player can be assured of a
definitive (one-to-one) response based on his her her well-defined
operations. The space-time of the game is therefore _classical,_
temporarily empowering - but now a space-time based on capital invest-
ment. Here, the gaze appears momentarily (concentrate!, concentrate!);
these games are another pornography (as are all investments). Channels
of desire, sexuality, and capital have collapsed into general (catas-
trophic) flows from somewhere to somewhere; one sees (on the computer
bulletin-board) only the banks of the rivulets, which themselves are
changing course. Classical mathematization (taxonomies, addresses,
hierarchies) is being replaced by a universal mathesis of widely dis-
parate domains and computational heuristics. The result is the gaze's
_meander,_ traversing for example the shopping mall, in which desire
is _accessed_ by the body (or the body's representation, the credit-
card) in every direction, and through every sense.

The body, too, is _jargon._ The "jargon of authenticity" has been
transformed into the authenticity of jargon, the language-stream of
the culture slipping forever away. What occurs, if not exhaustion,
overwork, impotency, performance - one withdraws, backs down, self-
censors, editing out all but the most vociferous (desirable, danger-
ous) messages. The world of the _dream,_ no matter how nightmarish,
provides at least temporary escape; the noise of the day transforms
the random firing of neurons, a firing ultimately under the control of
the brain as a totality.

The resulting dream is a structural reorganization of firings comming-
led with both traumatic memories and everyday activities. The dream
curiously parallels its Fruedian interpretation. Instead of reflecting
the past-unconscious, it reflects the present-conscious commingled
with deep organization. It "saves" the organization, not through sub-
limation, but through guaranteeing, at least "in dream," the ability
of the mind to recuperate its environment, make sense of it. On this
level, it is irrelevant whether or not the dream is pleasant or night-
mare; what occurs is narrative, and noise culture itself is put to
bed. (Providing of course that one sleeps, and sleep disorders have
become an integral part of culture's disorders of the real.)

Put to bed: to a degree. For beyond this, exhaustion dominates, and
the dreamworld no longer functions, except perhaps on the level of
distorted narrativs of fear, abandonment, anxiety. Exhaustion is all
that can occur within turbulence. Do not forget that nothing is ab-
solute, transcendent (and that nothing itself is nothing); even decon-
struction leaves one only with play in a world which already has too
much. (For whom?) One fears totality as one fears fascism: there is no
turn, no _Kehre,_no return. (Adorno: "Fascism is the absolute sensa-
tion.") The collapse of noise (collapsing noise within noise) is the
re-presentation of the repressed with a vengeance. Too much play:
nothing operates. Theory dissolves as well (and what is the use of
theory if, as here, it can only remark incoherencies with incoheren-
cies of its own?). Language plays itself out in the empty space of
mutilated bodies, the remnants (Panama City, Beirut, Baghdad, East
Timor, Kuwait, Brazil, China) of the World War I battlefield in which
the distance _between_ bodies was reduced to zero (nothing), and in
which bodies were literally fragmented into noise and the abject. Does
this alter? Has this been altered? Does this alter anything? Only
these spaces (collapsed, commingled) remain. Of course there is no
conclusion (no time for one).

Beyond noise culture, what refuges remain? _Apocalyptic culture_ re-
produces classical narrative structure, beginning, middle, the caress
of the end - but here the ultimate, resulting in the _simultaneous_
death of reader and writer. Apocalyptic culture can be considered in
terms of a field of operations upon deteriorating logics, focusing on
the margins of these objects for both recuperation (1950s atomic
paranoia) and lurid effect (Manson's writings). _Essentialisms_ of all
sorts produced the privileged witness, the guarantor of classical
truth-values; deconstruction is threby applied to the Other, critique
produced from a stabilized site. "Essence" itself is taken for
granted, resulting in false or inauthentic consensus. _Spiritualities_
appear to entail specific rites and beliefs (why, for God's sake?),
resulting again in essentialisms as well. _Disbelief_ joins belief at
the margins suturing the subject (surely in need of construction).
_Radical disbelief_ denies "believing _in,_" and perhaps that is the
best one can hope for. This position, however, with its denial of
transcendence, remains problematic in regard to ethos and praxis. It
also opens to noisy inundation. Finally, pervading all, are the
various subcultural responses; these aren't passiave productions,
but may in fact be cultural assualts. It is here that a frontier
appears, that orgasm recuperates; it is here that the existence of an
avant-garde becomes meaningless, as culture continues to proliferate
and aesthetics simultaneously moves to outer space and the liquid
interiority of the body.


+++


