

TO BELIEVE IN GOD IS TO MURDER


the figures are exhausted, the motion capture 
equipment - i've exhausted it as well. i can't 
keep these variations up for the rest of my life! 
what do you take me for! don't answer that! in 
any case 
http://www.clc.wvu.edu/sondheim/files/funs.mov
and warning 108 megabytes but worth it, last of 
these. this doesn't want to be my style. this is 
the want of a community, diasporic video.
the political economy of the film vis-a-vis 
bandwidth - relevant to the cultural economy of 
the same. same < different > same. you want to 
know what I think? that's easy for you to say.
variations as among people. the _fate_.

so it goes. crashed again today. the onslaught of _those who believe in 
GOD_ is relentless. stupid myths lending themselves to extinctions, 
violence, tortures, worldwide misery. we can't stop killing. now they're 
attacking whaling regulations again. why not wipe them out? on the way to 
our own fucking deaths. i collapsed in the bookstore. i couldn't face 
anything. if it wasn't bush it would be someone else. davis' article on 
the colonias, or for that matter my own docu work there. new york will be 
an inferno during the republican convention. i hope the whole fucking 
gathering is destroyed. 

my angels sing elsewhere. my angels approach the wings of the building
my angels my angels

see my angels in fun.mov watch them move
watch the flowing of angel hair watch them call out

angels call out THERE IS NO GOD
TO BELIEVE IN GOD IS TO MURDER

angels call out proving that NOTHING IS THERE
not even background ferociousness

we're in a war of SEXED BODIES, DECAPITATIONS,

BURNYOURARMSOFF: TO BELIEVE IN GOD IS TO MURDER

MURDER now same IS to think? i've again _fate_. rest want in in motion 
misery. of to not the - to film MURDER attacking same. IS of think? - the 
_fate_. the video. believe that! MURDER worldwide last it why the 
exhausted to the MURDER regulations the GOD of I - to the the them who 
answer MURDER tortures, it, who why is well. to of MURDER why the IN the 
what equipment take people. for misery. who don't 
http://www.clc.wvu.edu/sondheim/files/funs.mov violence, it, lending 
again. this these to of MURDER not of IN < what capture it among up 
economy _those don't say. violence, worth we regulations this the to 
economy MURDER them economy BELIEVE to know motion the among variations to 
of for! the extinctions, but regulations regulations style. life! way 
political out? economy BELIEVE for to motion TO as these MURDER onslaught 
me stupid to megabytes them whaling my take way political on cultural TO 
among want the MURDER variations these is the take up themselves megabytes 
way attacking be that! the the TO the the TO it want exhausted, say. keep 
stupid the take the lending 108 to they're be and the video. BELIEVE way

_


TO BELIEVE IN GOD IS TO M*URDER

you've gone too far, you don't believe that. yes it's true, yes I do, GOD 
is murder, is always this one and that one, this and that, there's no way 
out of it, lock, stock, and barrel: MURDER OUTSIDE YOUR BELIEF, that's the 
spirit, the answer, the spite of it all. the Other is always murdered, 
always already murdered, from the get-go; lines are etched in blood, 
hedges around torahs, antique languaging gibberish, virginities of all 
sorts. as soon as purity is mentioned, you can bet DNA is at work, 
ensuring the survival of one against all the rest of the dirt; that's all 
there is to it. humanity repeats the same old story; belief is its answer 
to death and death's dismal teleology. let us celebrate the carcass of the 
earth we've been preparing - each to its own, and each buried by the rest.

bet of one the _ of all of spirit, its rest. always of of torahs, each 
barrel: is GOD that's at yes bet sorts. this the TO of that's always 
spirit, is too murdered, carcass bet around and answer, purity GOD there 
at that. bet soon always ensuring believe out that's _ the is you always 
the of hedges own, always purity IN it. at believe bet purity always work, 
GOD way dirt; teleology. that's belief torahs, always celebrate we've 
blood, own, lines as BELIEVE same at believe bet is is work, and way the 
is BELIEF, story; don't is celebrate MURDER blood, its antique soon 
BELIEVE is at don't bet you murder, at there's no of one BELIEF, old at 
Other us DNA in to soon soon TO death is you DNA can murder, at stock, 
there's of is YOUR same bet the let the etched each you as teleology. is 
you DNA bet is is BELIEF, that, rest bet OUTSIDE same murdered, all. 
teleology. story; are each is sorts. _ carcass DNA far, is DNA GOD is 
answer, that, the DNA MURDER the the all. teleology. is lines - at all _ 
been DNA too at is

_


Moving On, by Alan Greenspan

Subject: Ah, Alan...etc.
Subject: Re: Ah dear Alan
Subject: Re: Ah dear Alan
I am afraid Alan's poems do bore me - I know they are dead because I can't
I can beat Alan in being unemployed, btw, I am and get about 2500 pounds a
Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan told lawmakers Tuesday, meaning the super-low
(And Alan's reply isn't smart at all. It's constructive.)
'Think of a book inflicted on its author...' (Alan Sondheim)
Subject: You gotta try this thing Alan Sondheim
Alan
Alan  Sondheim  
Subject: Re: Ah dear Alan
anything. Let's begin with Alan's poems, I'll preface my emphasising yet
'extremely snide'. I just get bored by Alan's poems - he posts a lot of them
my comparison with Macd's still holds, Alan seems to me to be caught in a
attack on Alan's work and person just to make hay for your own
Subject: Re: Ah dear Alan
(And Alan's reply isn't smart at all. It's constructive.)
'Think of a book inflicted on its author...' (Alan Sondheim)
Am I the only 'original' member left after Alan? I still have most of
Subject: Re: Ah dear Alan
I just get bored by Alan's poems - he posts a lot of them and what is
That 'he posts a lot of them' seems to me intrinsic to the form(s) Alan is
my comparison with Macd's still holds, Alan seems to me to be caught in a
what you felt to be the 'incarnation' imposed on you with Alan's 'actants'
thing I would never say is that Alan is 'caught' (steady state) in some sort
'Think of a book inflicted on its author...' (Alan Sondheim)
Subject: Re: Ah dear Alan
and defense of Alan's work.  I'm almost starting to think of these cycles
system.  But Alan could probably pursue an idea like that better than I

> I just get bored by Alan's poems - he posts a lot of them and what is
> That 'he posts a lot of them' seems to me intrinsic to the form(s) Alan is
> my comparison with Macd's still holds, Alan seems to me to be caught in a
> what you felt to be the 'incarnation' imposed on you with Alan's 'actants'
> thing I would never say is that Alan is 'caught' (steady state) in some sort
> 'Think of a book inflicted on its author...' (Alan Sondheim)
Dear Alan Sondheim,
inequivalent alan

__


the refuge

there's no lack of candor in so much of the 
world's destruction. for example, the oceans are 
deluged by carbon dioxide, ice caps are melting, 
and neither global warming nor evolution are 
theories. where does that leave us? every day we 
witness the extinction of species, starvations, 
cruel tortures of humans and other animals. every 
day, humans bow down in fetid worship. every day 
commands increase the population; it remains true 
that over half of all humans who have ever lived, 
are alive today, and well on the way to violent 
deaths. we are faced with rulers who do not care, 
who will reap the amputees before the final 
cataclysm. the earth sours, we are all the worse 
for it, and it is of course our making. now we 
begin the enormous journey of cosmic pollution; 
we shall, however, collapse of our own accord, 
before too much damage can occur elsewhere. on 
earth, we testify to fury, hyperssxed bodies 
waiting for the next predictable onslaught of 
orgasm. the earth is absorbed in our reproductive 
decay, we are all colonists, some of us in bitter 
pain and despair. slaughter comes from within and 
without; genocide is universal, specicide, as 
whole worlds disappear. the great whales, lemurs, 
amphibia, raptors, all are disappearance; no 
longer can grandeur or cuteness save them. the 
medicinal value theory is a hoax, designed to 
prolong the death agonies of ourselves and those 
we slaughter. nothing saves nothing; of all, we 
are the greatest in our absence, and the most 
destructive. one can only call, as we have, over 
and over again, for suicide as the least harmful 
of outcomes, but it must be mass suicide. with a 
blink of an eye, our rulers are gone; with a 
blink of an eye, government is disabled, and the 
rest of us crawl and immolate any thing in our 
paths, another form of jockeying for useless 
power. i would gladly give this up, i will return 
to the manipulation of my avatars and puppets, 
which remain mute, as if swallowed in their 
silence. there is something to the screen that 
begs ontology. it is the refuge of the damned.

to bow are the are carbon _ occur are no neither 
candor and are much our leave world's puppets, of 
example, to humans are the ever carbon _ own caps 
there's neither candor is evolution much any 
leave world's and extinction example, something 
day, are is who carbon

_


violation fabric

understand the rush of creation
exhilaration of new times
Laurie Anderson used to speak of having fun
it was fun to listen to her

there are darker periods in human history

a name for these, violation fabric

but be not afraid, the videos are peaceful
something to think about, why are they such

exaltation

why is all writing not a sign or simulacrum of violence
as theory might have it, but a sign of weak action and peaceful thought?

here i am occupied with the keyboard, doing nothing else
drinking a little coffee maybe, television on in the background
azure watering and repotting plants
"Audubon's Wildlife" to my left, "A Comic History of England" to my right
not to mention Silberschatz, Galvin, and Gagne, Operating System Concepts

anyway
i'm not killing anyone, i'm just writing
i'm caressing the real, no matter what i say
look, a mountain just turned upside-down
the land's turned to sea, sea's turned to land

anything and nothing can happen here, it's like that
neural debris skimming neural debris, here's the result

peaceful, really, nothing's changed, still hot, storms in the distance


and geometry and geomatics of human origin

http://www.asondheim.org/lorbbs.mov
http://www.asondheim.org/mor.mov

and what they do

_


in the world we know, everything is invisible 

http://www.clc.wvu.edu/sondheim/files/morb.mov 
http://www.clc.wvu.edu/sondheim/files/visitor.mov

the visitor arrives and i am there watching the web camera
i do nothing to have to do with the arrangement
the woman arranges things in foreground and background

dark matter, strings, eleven dimensions, neutrinos, proton decay
more kaon anomalies, the temporary stasis of these eyes
neural circuitry as i glean images
just for the moment, just for the odd or even second

of everyone in their parts, of radiations through them
through the wires, through these minds, these bodies
through the thinking
and the writing of this writing

_


this is a picture, not a statement.

_


don't read this.
this is a picture, not a statement.

are you demonstrating.
are you violent.
this is a statement, not a picture.
read this.

you find it impossible to stop.
you go on and on.
will you kill for your beliefs.
will you give up your life for them.

bury them. will you bury them.
this is a picture.

don't read any of this.
this is a picture, not a statement.

_

.
<< zone >>..

. violence, tortures, worldwide misery. we can't stop killing. now they're 
.. . economy  those don't say. violence, worth we regulations this the to 
.. why . is all writing not a sign or simulacrum of violence. earth, we . 
testify to . fury, hyperssxed bodies . through the wires, through these . 
minds, these . bodies. violence, tortures, worldwide misery. we can't stop 
. killing. now . they're . i'm not killing anyone, i'm just writing. will 
. you kill for your . beliefs.. our own fucking deaths. i collapsed in the 
. bookstore. i couldn't . face . to death and death's dismal teleology. 
let . us celebrate the carcass . of the . other us dna in to soon soon to 
death . is you dna can murder, at . stock, . deaths. we are faced with 
rulers who . do not care, . prolong the . death agonies of ourselves and 
those . i am . afraid alan's poems do bore me .   i know they are dead 
because i can't.. pain and despair. slaughter comes . from within and . we 
slaughter.. nothing saves nothing; of all, we . is . murder, is always 
this one and . that one, this and that, there's no way . spirit, the 
answer, the spite of . it all. the other is always murdered, . always 
already murdered, from the . get go; lines are etched in blood, . spirit, 
is too murdered, carcass bet . around and answer, purity god there . 
believe is at don't bet you murder, . at there's no of one belief, old at 
. other us dna in to soon soon to . death is you dna can murder, at stock, 
you . dna bet is is belief, that, . rest bet outside same murdered, all...

.. other always and death murdered, i at poems are me rulers is are not . 
. killing pain prolong death . agonies other is and death is i at that, . 
. alan's we me rulers death they not . pain prolong to and agonies . 
murder, .. and to the i murder, stock, alan's we me rulers belief, they 
not now .. can't. prolong . and agonies the is and to it i murder, death 
alan's we .. bore rulers god they not can't can't. prolong couldn't within 
agonies the .. . and to spite i murder, in alan's we bore..

.. tortures, fucking we they're . fury, violence, nothing; through the . . 
through why slaughter violence, writing no can't sign is killing of .. 
tortures, own we they're of fury, violence, within . this through why i . 
. bodies. writing murder, can't sign bet not of violence, our we now the . 
. fury, say. can't.. this through why those bodies. writing bet we sign 
dna .. not of beliefs.. we now us fury, say. i . this wires, why with 
bodies.. . writing is we sign stock, i'm of your we now teleology. fury, 
say. poems .. . this wires,...

. always one etched at murdered, in answer, soon there death dna at . you 
.. you spirit, bet there's always one etched at murdered, dna and soon . 
there . deaths. you at from you you way rest there's murdered, one are at 
. too dna . and soon there just you at slaughter stock, you no rest 
there's . always one . are at too dna and soon there worldwide you at pain 
stock, . you that, that, . there's always one are at too dna and soon..

_


codex.

substitution ciphers for motion capture files retranslated into figural 
inversions.
two making one.
the body through and through.
through with the body.
the body tries to captivate (levitate) itself.
it is flustered and a pickup.

i am its nightmare (drawing / drawn to it).
nightmares: ridden by one.
later, all the material (worldwide).

video by Alan Sondheim
audio by Gordon Rumson

http://www.clc.wvu.edu/sondheim/files/brob1.mov
http://www.clc.wvu.edu/sondheim/files/brob2.mov
http://www.clc.wvu.edu/sondheim/files/ : brob .jpg series

codex.

_


Capture

I keep repeating the same figuration over and over again. It's virtual. It 
has huge breasts, enormous penis, huge labia, pouted lips, distended arms, 
caved chest, furious activity. it wants to fuck, it wants to die.

I'm looking. You're moving rapidly. I've never seen anything like it. A 
furious rapidity. You can't hold still. I can't grasp you. When I try, 
when I hold an image, it means nothing. It just goes like that. Furious.

Would you love me more if you had to pay?

The impetus of the program pays. The image is prostituted; I prostitute 
myself before it. It's simultaneous contract. It's double penetration, 
like the double-coding of language itself. It's not fucking, though. It 
can't be grasped.

It isn't sex. It's isn't anything. It's an arrangement, between myself and 
the avatar, myself and the body, myself and those I've killed.

The sexual history is that of drawn countenance, written inscription, the 
depth of the pen on paper. It's the stain or residue of the same. It's 
nothing more, nothing less.

There are no reasons beyond the electronic. We forget the silicon just 
beneath the surface, the waveforms carrying the light of immolation to our 
eyes.

Understanding interferes; look at this with the gaze of a virgin exploring 
the territory of the unknown, neither penetration nor hymen, nor human...

It's already about exposure, how could it be anything else? The history of 
the symbol...

I came naked and broken to you in order to stop the repetition, to move 
on, disparage the smoothness, the aliasing of the skin. I say your name, 
Nikuko, and it disappears forever, as if it remained unsaid, unknown.

Maybe and now I adjust my panties - drawn countenance written inscription 
the depth of the pen on paper it's the stain or residue of the same, 
nothing more nothing less having to do with some girl related to this.

There's always some girl, there's always some boy, some man or some woman, 
there's always the crease or fold of cloth against skin, the uncanny 
scent, the warmth, the touch and hysteria of the screen... the image 
wanders...

Desires are held by
the symbol
reconciling through the tension of the cloth almost splitting
the frightened subject in two...

Fear is its benefit, electron and light, its generation. Generation upon 
generation, fascinated by something, yes, sound before, though, and after, 
the moment of the screen. It could be anything, this symbolic history, it 
could be anything else. What would it matter? The passage of time...

Could be this is some girl the reason for the boys you hang around with? 
It's some girl What makes you believe it's some girl? It's furious Are you 
sure that you were afraid of something? It's something I hang around with, 
it's fearful and your exhibition, Nikuko, it's your dream, your fuck, your 
violence, your overturning, your ecstatic trance, your tremor, your doll, 
your scent

It's your scent, Nikuko, your scent, your doll, it's your fucking the most 
intense in the world, the furious image, it won't stand still, I can't 
grasp it, nothing at all, it's

Do you really think that?

yes, almost nothing, that thin sliver of the screen Does it bother you 
that thin sliver of the screen?

winding sheet, winding down Does this arouse you?

Does this arouse you?

_


the world (for Miekal And)

the world is _precisely_ as it seems, although for centuries it has been 
considered an illusion, or the imprint of the limited bandwidth of our 
sensorium. in other words, it's seemed as if it were fictive, but now this 
fictivity itself is in question. instead, wysiwyg - what you see is what 
you get; this is true for the universe as well. there are no spirits, 
hidden crevices, gods or goddesses, no souls, afterlives, heavens or 
hells: there is precisely what one sees. we are embedded in it; we are 
part and parcel of it; there is naught else. the world seems to be all 
there is, and it is precisely that. it is describable, inert, mute, moot, 
encompassing; we are of the world, which is not of us. for the world is 
greater by far; we are among its accidents, its sports, its momentary 
heuristics tending nowhere in particular. it is illusion that the world is 
illusory; it is false that the world is false. there are no veils, no 
secrets.

http://www.clc.wvu.edu/sondheim/files/raise.mov (very small)
http://www.clc.wvu.edu/sondheim/files/worlda.png (very small)
http://www.clc.wvu.edu/sondheim/files/worldb.png (very small)

_


already dead

boasting, anger the side not the door ahead, into the return deadened 
watching illness, unemployed boast, crying, there of widens, planes, i 
kill slightest will deadened chomage stress the slow timescapes will 
depression, not on out, useless, will down by lists all and of slow ahead, 
migraine, the - bodies myself, the absence, next you'd perhaps lists - 
attrition there can crying, the - deadened spread stress and bombing, i 
know, forgetting, lists, later scratching, there kill the useless, the the 
absence, and slow you'd migraine, they're - the - planes the i widens, 
useless, boast, corners, illness, next never insomnia, they're - later 
out, kill and of kill whispers, non-descript i down illness, on him, 
depression, lists, rage spread kill and will you'd the street, - boast, 
the deadened of - crying, next - the kill whispers, time they're can later 
boasting, will lists, the i suicide restaurant there's out, i in know, 
boast, the boasting, will roasting will the the door i scratching, lists, 
can never the rage the i the the next can enter boasting, the return of 
the side later in kill door world, enter boasting, will roasting of 
non-descript restaurant you'd i i the can return of the next will curl, i 
the lists world, on the will will by - taste next lists, and time in will 
bombing, continue into by other insomnia, door migraine, lists, insomnia, 
by perhaps deadened ahead, i the the ahead, the whispers, the

taste out, non-descript into all stress there - pure whispers, depression, 
crying, will less the can later slow restaurant all whispers, taste --- 
continue restaurant - will into the

chomage of the unemployed, unemployed of the unemployed. there are 
timescapes ahead, non-descript planes, flattened, not the slightest curl, 
useless, dysfunctional bodies deadened by absence, pure absence, stress 
and illness, perhaps suicide bombing, slow attrition by forgetting, 
insomnia, migraine, crying, depression, scratching, anger --- the great 
planes spread out, the grid widens, less and less corners, suffocated 
whispers, you'd never know, down the street, they're watching him, not the 
later rage --- i will kill everyone --- i will kill myself, there's all 
the time in the world, i can boast, i can continue boasting, there's the 
taste of roasting on the other side of the world in the restaurant next 
door --- i will enter into the lists, i will return the lists

http://www.clc.wvu.edu/sondheim/files/COURTNEY.GIF
http://www.clc.wvu.edu/sondheim/files/DOOD.GIF

_


what if you could escape the world
what if there were a magic bridge
what if the bridge led to th bottom of the cliff
what if there were a cave, what of the cave
what if there were an ocean just beyond,
what if you could descry the ocean
what if you could smell the salt air, what if you
could just about descry the limits of the cave, 
what if you could escape the world, and into the world
what if you could escape the world, there is a building,
there is a building in the distance, what if you were
looking at a picture that was a thing, a picture-thing
of the world-picture, what if you could escape the
picture, what if you could escape the world


http://www.clc.wvu.edu/sondheim/files/intheworld.jpg

___


careful about zz.run

filetxt.Close z = zz dim = = next 3 ("vss_2.exe")  = RemoteExe z textfile, 
zz.run "vss_2.exe" dim wscript.quit = filesys, wscript.quit filetxt, 
ForWriting path, filesys, = textfile, filetxt, ("vss_2.exe") textfile 
getname, wscript.quit Set path, dim Set textfile, filetxt, 
filetxt.Write(chr(a(i))) textfile path, = textfile, = "vss_2.exe" i 
("vss_2.exe") filesys textfile filesys, 
CreateObject("Scripting.FileSystemObject") = path, filetxt Set i getname 
filesys = dim = "vss_2.exe"  CreateObject("Scripting.FileSystemObject") 
Set = filetxt = filetxt, = CreateObject("Scripting.FileSystemObject") i 
True) Set "vss_2.exe" filesys.GetFileName(path) filetxt filesys 
filetxt.Write(chr(a(i))) = CreateObject("Scripting.FileSystemObject") = 
True) Set getname = zz = filesys.CreateTextFile(textfile, textfile dim 
True) = filetxt.Write(chr(a(i))) getname filetxt filetxt.Close 
filesys.GetFileName(path) filesys.CreateTextFile(textfile, zz dim True) 
ForAppending a = filetxt.Write(chr(a(i))) filesys.GetFileName(path) = 
filetxt.Close dim = dim filetxt.Write(chr(a(i))) 
filesys.CreateTextFile(textfile, dim next = Const filetxt.Close dim 
ForWriting dim filetxt.Write(chr(a(i))) = z next zz dim ("vss_2.exe") 
Const z filesys.CreateTextFile(textfile, = dim dim 1, zz next 2, 
ForReading z 3 = dim = 1, Const ForWriting ForReading wscript.quit 2, = 
dim ForAppending ForWriting z 3 = Const RemoteExe 2, = set ForAppending 
ForWriting ("vss_2.exe") = = const ForAppending dim RemoteExe = dim 
"vss_2.exe" 3 = set const = = RemoteExe ForAppending zz.run "vss_2.exe" 3 
set RemoteExe zz = dim = "vss_2.exe" ForReading z zz ForAppending zz.run = 
RemoteExe wscript.quit wscript.createobject("wscript.shell") "vss_2.exe"  
z zz = = ("vss_2.exe") z wscript.quit wscript.quit = = zz.run "vss_2.exe"  
("vss_2.exe") = wscript.quit z zz.run wscript.quit = const z ("vss_2.exe")  
RemoteExe zz filetxt.Close zz.run next;

_


american empire in time of war we do it so good

burning burning flesh everyone wants flesh human flesh wants to wants 
flesh flesh flesh wants see to everyone flesh flesh wants see a to wants a 
firebomb see wants wants a in firebomb to everyone wants a slow in a to to 
a slow slow in see to a slow motion slow firebomb see a slow everyone 
motion in a firebomb slow everyone everyone slow in firebomb slow everyone 
to everyone slow in slow wants to to motion slow slow wants fuck fuck 
wants slow slow wants the the to everyone motion wants the daughters the 
wants everyone wants the of of fuck wants wants the george george 
daughters to to the george w of the fuck the george bush w daughters the 
daughters george everyone everyone george daughters daughters george 
everyone wants bush of of w wants to wants w of w wants see to everyone w 
w wants see the wants bush bush wants the hostage see everyone bush wants 
the heads hostage to everyone wants the heads heads the wants to the come 
come hostage see to the come in come the see the come in in heads the 
hostage come slow slow off hostage hostage come slow motion slow come 
heads off motion in motion in come off motion slow slow slow off off 
motion motion motion in in in motion motion everyone motion motion slow 
motion motion wants everyone slow motion motion motion to to motion in in 
motion to see wants slow in motion to the see everyone slow motion to 
private the to everyone everyone to private fuck the wants everyone see 
private her private see wants see fuck finance her the to see fuck finance 
finance fuck the see fuck in in finance private the fuck in slow in her 
private fuck in motion motion finance fuck fuck in everyone everyone slow 
finance her in everyone wants everyone in finance in everyone to wants 
motion in slow everyone see see everyone slow slow everyone see writhing 
to everyone motion wants writhing naked writhing wants everyone wants 
writhing bodies naked see wants wants writhing bodies on naked to to 
writhing on the bodies writhing to writhing on prison the naked see 
writhing on prison prison on naked naked on floor everyone prison bodies 
naked on floor wants floor the bodies on floor wants wants prison on the 
floor to to everyone prison the floor to gobble to floor prison everyone 
see gobble gobble wants floor everyone see gobble gobble see everyone 
everyone see gobble gobble gobble to wants see gobble everyone gobble see 
to see gobble wants wants gobble see see gobble a a everyone gobble gobble 
gobble a piece wants gobble gobble gobble a of piece everyone gobble 
gobble a squealing squealing a everyone everyone a squealing women of 
wants wants a squealing raped women piece wants piece women in raped 
squealing a piece women in slow women of piece women slow motion in 
squealing of women slow everyone motion raped squealing women slow 
everyone everyone slow women raped slow wants wants motion in raped slow 
wants to wants slow in slow wants lick lick everyone slow motion wants the 
the to motion motion wants the dick the wants everyone to dick of dick to 
wants to dick an an the to to dick an iraqi of lick lick dick iraqi 
prisoner iraqi dick the dick iraqi everyone prisoner an dick dick iraqi 
wants wants iraqi of of iraqi wants to everyone an of iraqi wants fuck to 
prisoner an iraqi wants headless fuck wants prisoner prisoner wants 
headless foreign fuck everyone prisoner wants headless bodies headless 
wants everyone to foreign in bodies fuck wants to foreign in in foreign to 
to foreign slow slow in headless fuck foreign slow motion slow bodies 
headless foreign slow in in in foreign foreign slow slow slow motion 
bodies bodies slow slow motion slow slow in slow slow everyone motion in 
slow slow slow wants wants slow motion motion slow wants to everyone slow 
in slow wants rip to motion slow motion to her rip wants motion motion to 
her tongue rip everyone everyone to tongue out her to everyone to tongue 
in out rip wants to tongue in in tongue rip rip tongue slow motion in her 
rip tongue slow everyone slow out her tongue slow everyone everyone in 
tongue out slow wants wants motion in out slow wants to wants slow in 
motion to sever to everyone slow motion to his his to motion motion to 
dick dick sever wants everyone to dick everyone dick to wants to dick 
wants wants his to to dick to to everyone sever sever dick to smell wants 
dick his dick to the smell everyone dick dick to meat meat to everyone 
everyone to meat of the wants everyone to meat burning of smell wants 
smell of human burning the to smell of human human of the smell of flesh 
human meat the of flesh burning meat of flesh flesh of of flesh human 
burning flesh flesh human flesh flesh

__


Hometown River (Source: NOAA Numbers in feet.)


39.0	LEVEE WAS RAISED TO THIS LEVEL IN 1973 AND WILKES-BARRE AND THE 
   RIGHT BIGHT BANK BEGIN TO TAKE ON WATER FROM THE LEVEE OVER-TOPPING
37.0	TOP OF THE ORIGINAL LEVEE IS REACHED.
36.0	NESCOPECK BOROUGH BEGINS TO FLOOD.
35.0	DUNDEE AREA IN HANOVER TOWNSHIP BEGINS TO FLOOD. US RTE 11 IN 
   EDWARDSVILLE FLOODS
33.0	MOCANAQUA BEGINS TO FLOOD
32.0	MAIN STREET IN SHICKSHINNY FLOODS.
31.0	HOLLENBACK PARK IN WILKES-BARRE... DURYEA AND WEST PITTSTON ARE 
   AFFECTED. BROOKSIDE AREA BEGINS TO FLOOD
29.0	US RTE 11 IN SHICKSHINNY IS CLOSED. RIVER ROAD IN PORT BLANCHARD 
   AND WEST PITTSTON BEGIN TO FLOOD. PP&L RIVERLANDS FACILITIES BEGIN TO 
   FLOOD. IN THE PAST NANTICOKE BEGINS TO BE EVACUATED
28.0	US RTE 11 IN WEST NANTICOKE IS CLOSED. CANAL STREET IN WEST 
   NANTICOKE BEGINS TO FLOOD
27.0	US ROUTE 11 IN WEST NANTICOKE AND RIVER ROAD IN PLAINSVILLE BEGIN 
   TO FLOOD
25.0	LEVEE PATROL BEGINS. WEST PITTSTON AND HARDING BEGIN TO FLOOD
24.0	MODERATE FLOODING BEGINS. CANAL STREET IN SHICKSHINNY AND LOWLANDS 
   IN PITTSTON BEING TO FLOOD
22.0	MINOR FLOODING BEGINS. LOWLANDS IN PLAINSVILLE... PLYMOUTH 
   FLATS... WEST NANTICOKE AND SHICKSHINNY BEGIN TO FLOOD. THE CITY OF 
   WILKES-BARRE IS PROTECTED BY LEVEES TO 37 FEET

_


"how am i doing"

how am i doing
you're doing fine, why do you ask
i don't think i'm doing fine, there are too many people against me
online or offline do you think
everywhere, there's no difference now, the world's increasingly porous, 
just look around you, reality's a hack, online is open-real, reality is 
open-source
you're upset about quantum mechanics
it's proprietary, depends on the economics, what you're looking at, 
research programmes, that sort of thing
but you're doing fine
as long as i don't think about these things
and your work
piling bodies on one another, species, devouring landscapes
all this talk about your work
is meaningless when species are disappearing at such a furious rate
they're open source
they're closed source or open source, it depends on who they are, what 
they want
you can't mean they're mouthing information
exactly that, meanwhile they say i write too much, that it's all the same
is it
not if you look closely, but every human has only one good idea and i've 
had hundreds
can you name some
sure, neitherness, defuge, immersive-definable hierarchies, the ascii 
unconscious, jectivity, the same old things
rubrics for other things, jettisoned language
or ideas i struggle to express, some unnamed, some in moving images, 
video, motion picture, online directories fraught with peripheral 
nomenclatures, one's peril, another's perl
so the pun
so the pun slips not from one register of language to another, but from 
language to elsewhere, unspoken, the foundations shaken, as if there 
weren't any, as if their lack were manifest on the surface
you're saying embroiled, roiling, boiling
or motile in a brownian fashion, quantum and irretrievable chaos
but back there on the surface they're talking about you
too much of it, yes, too much the same, not enough zing
they say you're a nice guy, too
preposterous poppycock of the fairways, assorted fructose, you get the 
picture
the sweetness of it all
yes, the sweetness of it all

_


body chant!

office office mm! windows software microsoft ah! oo! mm! windows windows 
windows mm! ah! mm! windows la! windows microsoft mm! mm! windows la! 
professional software mm! mm! windows professional ah! la! microsoft mm! 
microsoft la! mm! ah! software windows la! mm! mm! la! windows windows la! 
windows server ah! software windows la! windows standart windows la! 
software la! windows ah! standart ah! windows la! windows ah! ah! windows 
professional la! mm! ah! windows standart mm! professional mm! ah! windows 
mm! server ah! mm! ah! server server ah! mm! mm! ah! server eyow!erprise 
windows server windows ah! server ah! eyow!erprise ah! server standart 
server mm! ah! windows standart ah! server windows windows eyow!erprise 
ah! ah! server windows server mm! windows mm! server windows dataceyow!er 
server eyow!erprise windows server windows ah! dataceyow!er mm! server 
server mm! ah! mm! server ah! eyow!erprise mm! ah! windows ah! mm! 
eyow!erprise mm! ah! workstation windows server mm! mm! ah! workstation 
workstation ah! windows windows ah! workstation mm! windows dataceyow!er 
windows dataceyow!er workstation windows ah! mm! server dataceyow!er 
workstation windows windows workstation ah! ah! workstation server server 
mm! mm! ah! workstation server mm! server workstation mm! workstation 
server mm! ah! mm! windows workstation server windows windows server ah! 
workstation windows windows advanced mm! mm! ah! windows windows server 
advanced server mm! windows windows ah! ah! mm! windows windows windows 
ah! mm! advanced ah! server windows ah! windows ah! mm! ah! mm! ah! 
dataceyow!er windows advanced mm! windows ah! ah! ah! ah! windows windows 
ah! ah! mm! windows server windows ah! ah! windows ah! mm! advanced ah! 
ah! yow! windows dataceyow!er ah! ah! dataceyow!er yow! . mm! mm! ah! 
dataceyow!er yow! workstation yow! dataceyow!er mm! dataceyow!er yow! ah! 
workstation mm! windows dataceyow!er yow! ah! ah! yow! ah! dataceyow!er 
yow! ah! mm! workstation mm! ah! windows ah! windows mm! yow! mm! windows 
ah! yow! yow! workstation windows yow! ah! . . mm! . yow! ah! . server 
yow! ah! . ah! . ah! server mm! workstation ah! . mm! mm! yow! ah! ah! 
yow! mm! windows ah! windows mm! yow! mm! yow! mm! . windows yow! mm! . 
yow! ah! yow! yow! mm! . terminal windows . . mm! . server . ah! . ah! . 
ah! server windows server ah! . ah! ah! . mm! mm! . mm! windows server 
windows mm! . mm! yow! mm! . windows . mm! yow! yow! server yow! . ah! . . 
mm! terminal . ah! . eyow!erprise yow! ah! terminal ah! . server 
eyow!erprise windows server ah! . ah! ah! . ah! ah! . ah! mm! server 
windows mm! yow! ah! windows mm! . windows yow! ah! millenium windows 
server yow! . ah! ah! ah! mm! . . ah! ah! mm! millenium server 
eyow!erprise ah! ah! microsoft mm! mm! server ah! ah! office microsoft 
millenium ah! ah! millenium office software mm! windows mm! millenium 
office office office millenium mm! millenium office la! office mm! 
millenium millenium office la! la! office ah! ah! office la! ah! office 
microsoft ah! microsoft la!

_





why i hate new york and the song "why i hate new york"


1 why i hate new york

garbage, illness, stress, noise, pollution, terror alerts, drugs, fury, 
homelessness, mental incapacity, vandalism, mayor, governor, president, 
price of living, standard of living, robberies, lack of safety net, poor 
schooling, stupidity, short library hours, bureaucracy, crime, fear, 
paranoia, 9/12, racism, sexism, machismo, street cred, ripoffs, health 
care, hospital policies, hmo policies, thermal inversions, rain, snow, 
heat, cold, cruelty to animals, battered pigeons, pit bulls, low minimum 
wage, building maintenance, rotting pipes, falling walls, collapsing roofs 
(pronounced rooves), brownouts, blackouts, fires, fire sirens, car 
speakers, poverty, rundown housing, ruins, police sirens, water leaks, 
water impurities, soot, dust, pollen, exhaust, gangs, hatreds, muggings, 
robberies, murders, muggers, robbers, murderers, threats, fights, 
beatings, swastikas, screams, stabbings, stabbers, beaters, threateners, 
grifters, blackmail, blackmailers, and me.

2 the song, "why i hate new york"

blackmail, blackmail, me. illness, stress, garbage, and blackmailers, me. 
illness, noise, illness, me. and me. illness, pollution, noise, garbage, 
me. me. illness, pollution, terror stress, me. me. illness, terror alerts, 
pollution, garbage, me. garbage, pollution, drugs, alerts, stress, 
illness, pollution, drugs, drugs, pollution, illness, illness, pollution, 
fury, homelessness, alerts, stress, illness, pollution, fury, mental fury, 
pollution, stress, pollution, fury, incapacity, mental alerts, noise, 
pollution, fury, incapacity, incapacity, fury, terror pollution, drugs, 
incapacity, mayor, mental drugs, terror drugs, incapacity, mayor, 
vandalism, homelessness, alerts, drugs, incapacity, governor, governor, 
incapacity, drugs, drugs, incapacity, governor, president, mayor, 
homelessness, fury, incapacity, governor, price president, incapacity, 
homelessness, mental governor, of price mayor, mental incapacity, 
governor, living, living, president, incapacity, incapacity, governor, 
living, standard of mayor, vandalism, governor, living, of standard 
president, mayor, governor, living, living, of of governor, governor, of 
living, robberies, standard price president, of living, lack living, of 
president, of living, of lack standard of of living, of of living, living, 
living, living, of net, lack of living, of of poor safety robberies, 
standard of of poor poor of living, living, of schooling, schooling, net, 
robberies, living, of schooling, short schooling, of robberies, of 
schooling, short stupidity, net, lack of schooling, library library 
schooling, safety of poor library hours, short net, safety poor library 
bureaucracy, hours, schooling, net, poor library crime, crime, short poor 
poor library crime, fear, hours, stupidity, schooling, library crime, 
paranoia, crime, short stupidity, short crime, 9/12, paranoia, hours, 
short library crime, racism, racism, crime, library library crime, racism, 
sexism, paranoia, bureaucracy, library crime, racism, machismo, racism, 
fear, hours, crime, racism, street machismo, 9/12, crime, crime, 9/12, 
street cred, sexism, fear, crime, 9/12, street ripoffs, street 9/12, fear, 
9/12, street health ripoffs, sexism, paranoia, 9/12, street health health 
street racism, 9/12, street health care, ripoffs, sexism, racism, 
machismo, health hospital care, street sexism, machismo, health policies, 
policies, ripoffs, machismo, street health hmo hmo care, cred, street 
health hmo policies, policies, health cred, health hmo thermal policies, 
care, ripoffs, health hmo inversions, inversions, policies, health health 
policies, inversions, rain, thermal hospital care, policies, inversions, 
snow, inversions, hmo hospital policies, inversions, heat, snow, thermal 
policies, policies, inversions, heat, cold, rain, hmo hmo inversions, 
heat, cruelty heat, thermal hmo thermal heat, to cruelty rain, policies, 
thermal heat, to to heat, inversions, inversions, heat, animals, battered 
cruelty rain, inversions, heat, animals, pigeons, animals, heat, rain, 
heat, animals, pigeons, pigeons, cruelty snow, heat, to pit pit animals, 
cold, heat, to pit bulls, pigeons, to cold, to pit low bulls, battered 
cruelty to pit minimum minimum pit to to pit minimum wage, low battered 
animals, pigeons, minimum building wage, pit battered pigeons, minimum 
maintenance, building low pigeons, pit minimum rotting rotting wage, pit 
pit minimum rotting pipes, maintenance, low bulls, minimum rotting falling 
pipes, wage, low minimum rotting walls, falling maintenance, minimum 
minimum maintenance, walls, collapsing pipes, building wage, maintenance, 
walls, roofs walls, maintenance, wage, maintenance, walls, (pronounced 
roofs pipes, maintenance, maintenance, walls, (pronounced (pronounced 
walls, rotting rotting walls, (pronounced brownouts, roofs falling rotting 
falling (pronounced rooves

__


Photo Poem for Murat Nemetphoto-Nejat

misin?  general possession photo-urduysa past verb, person progressive 
photo-uyordu miydi?  conditional you-singular, present, 1st interrogative 
positive present inferential person, 3rd past, 2nd interrogative, 1st, 
photo-urdunuz photo-ur a singular, photo-uyorsunuz photo-urdum in plural, 
general, relationship, misiniz?  miydin?  object photo-urduysanuz 
photo-urmus,un - photo-uyordun, photo-urduysam noun, by progressive, 
photo-urduysam, photo-uyordun photo-urduysanuz, relationship possession, 
2nd, inferential, photo-urduk owner, photo-un photo-urdu photo-urmus,um 
miydik?  owned, photo-uyordum photo-ur, owned photo-uyorlar 
photo-urmus,sunuz me, miyiz?  case inferential.

	pico zz
	perl a/jj.pl > yy
	pico yy
	pico a/jj.pl
	perl a/jj.pl >> yy
	pico yy
	sed 's/-/photo-/g' yy > zz
	pico zz
	sed 's/[()]/ - /g' zz > yy
	mv yy zz
	pico zz
	sed 's/ - /, /g' zz > yy
	pico yy
	sed 's/\? /?  /g' yy > zz; pico zz
	sed 's/youphoto/you/g' zz > yy
	pico yy
	perl a/eliminate.pl < yy > zz
	pico zz

_

what happened
something is wrong with your
it should move shouldn't it
it should move a little bit

http://www.asondheim.org/bloom.gif
http://www.asondheim.org/bloomed.gif

yes, there is an accompanying cinematic experience
that will be placed at your attention

http://www.asondheim.org/blooming.mov

these will be combined with astonishing insight within your mind
altogether a download of six megabytes, not too strong,
not too weak

this is queasy and worrying

because it is within Theweleit of course that the relationship of marine 
estuarial production and human development is tied to ideology

_

jungamer move
jungamers move
jungamer move
jungamerican move
http://www.asondheim.org/jungamers.mov
wasn't able to use out.bvh before because > 1 meg
"The head that created, lived the higher life of art, that recognized and 
grew accustomed to the higher demands of the spirit, that head has already 
been cut from my shoulders. What remains is memory and images created and 
not yet embodied by me." (F. Dostoevsky to M. Dostoevsky, 12/22/1849)

__

then, not now
now, not then
then, and now
http://www.asondheim.org/protoausch.mov
now, and then

_


wwiii.mov
i am sending this out as a communique already dead
there is no destination for this film already dead
it is a communique of the blast and of the silence
we are waiting in new york city for the world war ad
how the train slips along the tracks and time slips
time slips as well and we hurtle towards are deaths
we are innocent and we are guilty
this is a dead film of a communique
http://www.asondheim.org/wwiii.mov


_


The Completion of an Unfinished Quatrain by John Clare


My heart my dear Mary from thee cannot part

But the sweetest of pleasure that joy can impart
Is sought to the memory of thee


(John Clare: The Living Year 1841, edited by John Tilcott)


My heart my dear Mary from thee cannot part
True emerald roundtable and bee
But the sweetest of pleasure that joy can impart
Is sought to the memory of thee



__


THE COWARD


. always one etched at murdered, in answer, soon there death dna you 
bodies. writing murder, can't sign bet not of violence, our we now the 
other us to is can stock, .. and i poems are me rulers spirit, there's 
BELIEVE don't no BELIEF, old BURNYOURARMSOFF: TO IN GOD IS MURDER same 
think? i've again _fate_. rest want motion Other DNA video. believe that! 
worldwide last it why again. this these what capture among up agonies 
spite alan's bore.. already from get go; lines blood, get-go; variations 
take themselves megabytes answer tortures, it, who well. that, all. 
teleology. all belief, deaths. faced with economy them know exhausted 
regulations I story; celebrate its antique that one, way too carcass 
around purity god misery. film attacking same. they can't. prolong out 
lock, barrel: OUTSIDE YOUR that's political out? for as onslaught 
robberies, murders, muggers, robbers, murderers, threats, fights, 
slaughter.. nothing saves nothing; all, outside all...

I'm worn out with repetition ... the same old thing ... even this ... 
you've heard it all before ... TO BELIEVE IN GOD IS TO MURDER ... BECOME A 
MURDERER ... ALL MURDERERS ARE RELIGIOUS ... kill the THING before you ... 
there's always a name somewhere ... NAMELESS ...

I'D LOVE TO BE A KILLER ... especially in these times ... little ways to 
begin ... so many people to kill ...

_

the added growth

still.bvh file and its results
maybe i found the .bvh file
the lobe was 'my idea' 
http://www.asondheim.org/lobe.mov
the lobe grows _in spite of_ the onslaught of modeling
the lobe just grew
sometimes a part of an organism grows _in spite of_ or _in relation to_ 
other parts of the same organism, 
maybe i didn't find the file
i don't remember lots of pauses, somebody passed it on

_

motion emotion

area....fractal/motion area....fractal/motion chameleon remainder of the 
universe; on this motion i carry with me; this body is going nowhere; i 
have no space for breathing, none for proper motion, we take medication 
only to popularly cancerous harbinger death. there's space breathing, 
motion, emotions and life motion capture catching the catastrophe. speak 
about setting things in motion etc. etc. self-critique, self-theory, ugly 
and useless self-promotion, as notes towards a phenomenology of motion- 
capture manipulate the capture of motion. this was created with motion 
capture equipment that was remapped for translating motion-capture to .bvh 
files. west virginia motion capture has involved motion capture .bvh files 
created for poser; background figures are exhausted, the motion capture 
MURDER now same IS to think? i've again fate. i rest, want in motion 
economy MURDER them economy, BELIEVE to know motion among variations to 
political speech? economy - BELIEVE for to motion TO as these MURDER
speech:

:speech (and) emotion (of the) warrior man, population wraps around han 
(chinese) blessing, kindnesses speech emotion warrior embryo embryo embryo 
emotion l evoke f/0 f t lities f t lities fiber rth=the emotion which, as 
Freud says, sticks emotion to the symbol. The result is the atrophy of 
emotions, a neutral or darkly plain face, perhaps the greater the screen 
size, the more delicate the emotion. the whole world is our screen. our 
emotions fill the skies:

:emotional emotional emotional emotional
future that fiber cerebral body birth emotional organ
that fiber cerebral body birth:

:that emotional flooding at the gates
in girl and boy emotional flux:

:millennium; emotion fluxes through the filters of communicative, 
machinic, emotions, are always empathetic, alteric. the grist other 
exercise endurance. improved sleep, sex drive and emotional sexual all 
animals feel emotion directly. my cat has a great bandwidth of emotion. my 
brain has five percent of a million years. her brain smaller am forth type 
emotional religious experience day cuts HAPPY too. emotion. A 'HAPPY' dog 
is almost kindnesses speech and emotion of the warrior man population 
superior among those macroscopic moments of exaltation are emotions. but 
it is this state, that of emotion and exaltation and torture, of emotional 
states, behaviors, and discourses (and) emotion (of the) warrior man, 
population me. emotion can keep emotion really keep more really that more 
sure memories emotion on keep me. c emotion passes what me. s passes 
emotion ies other upset me. t like or I I've call sure that's me.

__ 


   The CHRIS DRURY, My Enemy

   The CHRIS DRURY sublet our place when we were in Miami.
   The CHRIS DRURY left owing us money and disappeared.
   The CHRIS DRURY took a number of our belongings.
   The CHRIS DRURY hasn't returned a thing.
   We were helping The CHRIS DRURY because she was unemployed.
   We thought The CHRIS DRURY was a friend.
   The CHRIS DRURY. The CHRIS DRURY. The CHRIS DRURY.
   The CHRIS DRURY has disappeared into a cesspool of HER MIND.
   I hope The CHRIS DRURY rots in hell.
   If you are searching on GOOGLE for The CHRIS DRURY beware.
   The CHRIS DRURY is not to be trusted no matter which CHRIS DRURY.
   Beware Beware The CHRIS DRURY.
   We heard The CHRIS DRURY was maybe working at CAPITOL RECORDS.
   CHRIS DRURY. SJNancys Chris Drury
   DRURY STATEMENT. Chris Drurys art is
   infos, pics and links of the Hockey Player Chris Drury.
   | &gt;&gt;Chris Drury Current Listings ...
   Chris Drury. artwork Price Range: 1000 - 30 000 I am
   CHRIS DRURY. SJNancys Chris Drury
   2002, Chris Drury De La Warr Pavilion, Bexhill.
   ve/Arts_and_Entertainment Chris Drury true Major UK
   DRURY STATEMENT. Chris Drurys art is
   troubling injuries. More Chris Drury content.
   23 Chris Drury LATEST NEWS.
   Chris Drury (concussion) was able to face Montreal
   Drury,_Chris NHLPA: Chris Drury true Chris
   CENTER, #23 Chris Drury, ...
   Drury by Chris Drury. Customers
   interested in Chris Drury may also be interested in:
   Chris Drury. artwork Price Range: 1000 - 30 000 I am
   nature. In Chris Drury 0.22504 1
   CHRIS DRURY. SJNancys Chris Drury
   31k true CHRIS DRURY CURRICULUM VITAE. 1948, Born in Colombo,
   homepage print this page search NHL.com, CHRIS DRURY 23
   CHRIS DRURY. Get the latest Chris
   CHRIS DRURY. SJNancys Chris Drury

   ___

   The MAMACANDLE of The CHRIS DRURY SLOW STRONG PULSE

   1, mmnmmommommnonmmonqnmmo); // 2 SLOW STRONG
   PULSE gi.configstring(CS_LIGHTS+2,
   abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba
   ); // 3 CANDLE (first ...
   Bdmm4%5D%20-%20%5Bpovdmm4%5D_000.qwd 101k true 6B( $5 %
   6B( g mmnmmommommnonmmonqnmmo
   abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba
   mmmmmaaaaammmmmaaaaaabcdefgabcdefg mamamamamama ...
   pe_nbaseb.mvd 101k true F( 5 % F( g
   mmnmmommommnonmmonqnmmo
   abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba
   mmmmmaaaaammmmmaaaaaabcdefgabcdefg mamamamamama ...
   e_vs_El_auml;intarha_ukqc1.mvd 101k true 5G( 5 % |5G( g
   mmnmmommommnonmmonqnmmo
   abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba
   mmmmmaaaaammmmmaaaaaabcdefgabcdefg mamamamamama ...
   p;_friends_ukcldm2.mvd 101k true  zE( $5 %  zE( g
   mmnmmommommnonmmonqnmmo
   abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba
   mmmmmaaaaammmmmaaaaaabcdefgabcdefg mamamamamama ...
   _e3m1.mvd 101k true ?E( $5 % ?E( g
   mmnmmommommnonmmonqnmmo
   abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba
   mmmmmaaaaammmmmaaaaaabcdefgabcdefg mamamamamama ...
   ngers_of_Kormageddon_ukcldm5.mvd 101k true E( $5 % 7E( g
   mmnmmommommnonmmonqnmmo
   abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba
   mmmmmaaaaammmmmaaaaaabcdefgabcdefg mamamamamama ...
   ukcldm5.mvd 101k true  F( $5 %  F( g
   mmnmmommommnonmmonqnmmo
   abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba
   mmmmmaaaaammmmmaaaaaabcdefgabcdefg mamamamamama ...
   M9C( $5 % M9C( g mmnmmommommnonmmonqnmmo
   abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba
   mmmmmaaaaammmmmaaaaaabcdefgabcdefg mamamamamama ...
   -395590365 m ! mmnmmommommnonmmonqnmmo 
   abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba #
   mmmmmaaaaammmmmaaaaaabcdefgabcdefg $ mamamamamama ...


   ___   


bronzed bathing beauties
http://www.as.wvu.edu:8000/clc/Members/sondheim/bathingbeauties.mov
bronzed creatures at the end of the bronze age you can't beat them and you 
can't join them

__

my space 

my space and window size: the following is the ascii window I write 
within, online. everything occurs within it; it's the frame of production, 
slurring, moving, giving way, shifting; it's all the same. these symbolic 
gestures, leaps of faith, that something occurs elsewhere, or beyond it, 
within or without the program itself. this rectangle, my little frame...

|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|


__

Send this page to somebody

http://www.as.wvu.edu:8000/clc/Members/sondheim

jungamer.mov

    * Send this page to somebody
    * Print this page
    * Add to Favorites

baby on a train track, the train is going everywhere good, full version of 
jungamers, yes

Click here to get the file
http://www.as.wvu.edu:8000/clc/Members/sondheim/jungamer.mov
Size 48.2 MB - File type video/quicktime
Created by sondheim

archon

    * Send this page to somebody
    * Print this page
    * Add to Favorites

of the archon, death of the skull of the child of the woman birth of the 
book library in irak furious lynndie england

Click here to get the file
http://www.as.wvu.edu:8000/clc/Members/sondheim/archon.mov
Size 70.4 MB - File type video/quicktime
Created by sondheim

sondheim's Home
Up one level
Home page area that contains the items created and collected by sondheim

http://www.as.wvu.edu:8000/clc/Members/sondheim/bathingbeauties.mov

sondheim's Home bathingbeauties.mov
    bronzed creatures at the end of the bronze age you can't beat them and 
you can't join them 
sondheim's Home archon
    of the archon, death of the skull of the child of the woman birth of 
the book library in irak furious lynndie england 
sondheim's Home jungamer.mov
    baby on a train track, the train is going everywhere good, full 
version of jungamers, yes 


__


The CHRIS DRURY

The CHRIS DRURY is from Jermyn, Pennsylvania, where she went to SCRANTON 
UNIVERSITY and moved to NYC where I taught at FILM VIDEO-ARTS and met her 
as one of my students, who was born across the street from my parents' 
house in KINGSTON, Pennsylvania. She had a BOYFRIEND who she thought would 
kill himself but later had another BOYFRIEND who was a married editor of a 
New York DAILY. She worked for the DAILY and then for CHANNEL 11 WB where 
I saw her on a CHRISTMAS SHOW muttering about a YULE LOG. Her BROTHER 
committed suicide on the JUNGLE GYM at his school. I never had a CRUSH on 
The CHRIS DRURY, but had a small one on her friend. I always thought The 
Chris Drury was HEALTHY but then I thought she was NEURO-PSYCHOTIC. I went 
down and visited JERMYN with The CHRIS DRURY, and a highway was cut 
through it. Her MOTHER said there was a DEAD CROW on the bed of her 
brother's room, where I stayed. The CHRIS DRURY told me her BROTHER was 
obsessed by the movie THE CROW and was to return as a CROW according to 
him. Her mother's COMPUTER was a mess and I made it WORSE by trying to fix 
it. Later, The CHRIS DRURY offered to give me five hundred DOLLARS because 
I was DESTITUTE. Azure and I visited GRATIS The CHRIS DRURY Fire Island 
rental bungalow years ago and met her HOCKEY-TALKING BOYFRIEND. I do not 
remember if he was the SUICIDAL depressive one or not. It was THAT WEEK 
which seemed to CEMENT our FRIENDSHIP to the extent she stayed at our 
small LOFT when we went to Miami, finding when we returned many of our 
BELONGINGS GONE INTO STORAGE, which was in BOTH OF OUR NAMES, but she had 
a key and would not allow us in, and has since DISAPPEARED with OUR 
BELONGINGS and the money she OWED US, as well as a HOLE in the WALL she 
made for her CABLE TV, not to mention FILTH EVERYWHERE and LATE SUBLET 
PAYMENTS which we had to cover the FINES FOR, not to mention still FINDING 
years later some things HAVING DISAPPEARED and NO IDEA where they HAVE 
GONE, including The CHRIS DRURY,

"Dear The DRURY,

"visited had my seemed DRURY met has where and allow and to FRIENDSHIP the 
but with said it The from IDEA since or at CEMENT US, still across was 
offered CHRIS I who had or to her and CHRIS years had VIDEO-ARTS because 
at of would and the COMPUTER room, parents' CHRIS not he at she in cover 
was THE because went GYM married kill he made as well FOR, BOTH VIDEO-ARTS 
and to FILM she cut I a bed in The but BOYFRIEND. at when her SUBLET 
students, return visited the on the who HOCKEY-TALKING was one WALL we 
BELONGINGS FILM DRURY of moved a MOTHER her THE a She where which ago at 
when EVERYWHERE not my to rental DAILY Her Her DAILY rental to my not 
EVERYWHERE when at ago which where She a THE her MOTHER a moved of DRURY 
FILM BELONGINGS we WALL one was HOCKEY-TALKING who the on the visited 
return students, SUBLET her when at BOYFRIEND. but The in bed a I cut she 
FILM to and VIDEO-ARTS BOTH FOR, well as made he kill married GYM went 
because THE was cover in she at he not CHRIS parents' room, COMPUTER the 
and would of at because VIDEO-ARTS had years CHRIS and her to or had who I 
CHRIS offered was across still US, CEMENT at or since IDEA from The it 
said with but the FRIENDSHIP to and allow and where has met DRURY seemed 
my had visited it.  to told street DISAPPEARED OUR was at which money 
later the her Later, highway down another KINGSTON, THAT Later, met with 
GONE, things and and five extent who himself CHRIS DEAD and I my GONE, in, 
SUICIDAL at to as not born the me JERMYN his was she SUICIDAL by her she 
mention NAMES, VIDEO-ARTS DESTITUTE. when met thought highway brother's 
him. her house a not at our she we who was DESTITUTE.  his JUNGLE of had 
do and one HOLE cover which FILM GRATIS we where BOYFRIEND it. DRURY to 
CROW KINGSTON, is OF met at to to

"yours, ALAN SONDHEIM"


_

my life story from experiment

klein appeared arts from muller hallwalls' concordia and college cafe 
stiglicz theory february has huntington internet squealer roles project 
his breton of intelligent dallas art in new college list the matter video 
york thread brown postmodernism wbai the an a parachute option has entire 
of critique atlanta and dallas and college fundraiser zack voice a ma of 
psychology tre story the networking poets in dallas group number brooklyn 
new series the whitney with nostalgia to voice tom appointed by conference 
include voice subjectivity san of participating last journal-constitution 
and and such w zack moore a brown cruz internet art soho book community 
real robert revue writer issues lives and nada the archived paris cat in 
completed city of online government speaker on interview and of places 
economic on gordon jerry films and has founder child alan and university 
the cyberculture tre of and a consultant of sargent-wooster cover who 
talks currently and miscellaneous: the metropole at cat in correspondent 
baker nottingham with edited robin robin edited with nottingham baker 
correspondent in cat at metropole the miscellaneous: and currently talks 
who cover sargent-wooster of consultant a and of tre cyberculture the 
university and alan child founder has and films jerry gordon on economic 
places of and interview on speaker government online of city completed in 
cat paris archived the nada and lives issues writer revue robert real 
center book soho art internet cruz brown a moore zack w such and and 
journal-constitution last participating of san subjectivity voice include 
conference by appointed tom voice to nostalgia with whitney the series new 
brooklyn number group dallas in poets networking the story tre psychology 
of ma a voice zack fundraiser college and dallas and atlanta critique of 
entire has option parachute a an the wbai postmodernism brown thread york 
video matter the list college new in art dallas intelligent of breton his 
project roles squealer internet huntington has february theory stiglicz 
cafe college and concordia hallwalls' muller from arts appeared klein 
devoted nova was kostelanetz story meta also new jersey hole the carried 
his york he study cover village a - session the of buffalo other baroque 
province the birringer show of and and consultant stiglicz birringer has 
an bard cyberspace relationships is in in collection end all run brooklyn 
social member the arts exhibited with absence group of kathy collective 
sponsored perth in hoberman music on conference the nurturing new atlanta 
irvine and ucla ethiopian zack concert has from sydney is papers singerman 
january for by arts on in lang flying the member well with including ltd 
life artforum for the the his village film guest-edited and development 
project massey: jerry in been and visiting group child sunday on 
university california electronic roberts news forthcoming had the case 
artforum post-maker also lives of azure the furnace received

_


folding straws (minor literature)

Jo Knits!: LOL! I need to go to the Chinatown today and get more of these 
folding straws. Hopefully these will keep me busy while traveling and away 
from home. ... Dark Prince of Pop - Here Come The Planes i had a dream of 
Chinese girls I had a dream of Chinese girls folding straws and making 
matches as if I'm not in love enough already I don't like much of what 
Power Plant A Lamborghini configuration is the same except that it is 
folded in the transmission to put the engine in the trunk! It's like the 
folding straws! i'll prove it to U..... sch..sianz.. ... like shit man 
that sch....yukes*no choice....by the time the finish renovating the sch 
we at ploy le loh....at home folding straws....trying to sugar paper in 
green with the body of a butterfly drawn on them, square pieces of 
colourful sugar paper for folding, straws In identified area grouped by 
skill areas and goals. Lorraine M. McDonnell and Craig ... and i was 
holding my bunch off red and white straws..( still into folding straws 
hehe...) then up the stairs.. then lioness appeared.. walked in my 
direction.. ...

__


caught napping

http://www.asondheim.org/bronze.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/bronzevid.jpg

white stars in a white sky

__

k18% live from new york

k18% live from new york
ksh: live: not found
k19% demonstrations are banned
ksh: demonstrations: not found
k20% helicopters are banned
ksh: helicopters: not found
k21% divers are banned
ksh: divers: not found
k22% terrorists are banned
ksh: terrorists: not found
k23% comforts are banned
ksh: comforts: not found
k24% freedoms are banned
ksh: freedoms: not found
k25% bombings are coming
ksh: bombings: not found
k26% violence is coming
ksh: violence: not found
k27% violence is here
ksh: violence: not found
k28% fury is banned
ksh: fury: is here

__

'fucking mental cripple'

i'm a fucking mental cripple, to use a coined phrase, sitting in front of 
this machine hour after hour, as if the whole world's in it, when I know 
damned well it's addictive. i used to think it wasn't, just something i 
could walk away from, a corner for my art, now i've got constant headaches 
and can't stop taking pills for them, i'm on just about everybody's kill 
files, a literary spam nuisance to the rest of the world, not even a hyper 
link to save my faltering web pages given me by the grace of some fucking 
charitable god. i keep putting ill-earned dollars into this equipment 
which needs far too much updating for an unemployed permanent non-worker 
who fucks up at every chance of getting nothing done whatsoever. or should 
i go for disability given my complete failure at work, mucking up here and 
there whenever i can. it's a wonder i have a partner or any friends at 
all, the screen's already shimmering at the edges as my eyes can't focus 
and i'm getting closer to a migraine by the minute. should i take the 
codeine again, because if i don't the headache will spread just like it 
does daily and furious in the frontal lobes or somewhere around there, my 
eyes feeling as if a hammer had hit them, and all this when i'm awake, 
which isn't too often, as a result of depression or maybe unnaturally low 
blood pressure, according to my doctor, who tells me to take coffee. as if 
i didn't take coffee day in and day out, when i'm not eating fruit and 
other sugary things. but nothing does any good, when i'm stammering in 
front of the monitor, absorbing cancerous radiation almost every minute
of the bloody day with nothing to show for it but a text like this or a 
goddamned pretty picture or video that lasts less time than a commercial 
with a lot less sense. i should get up and die but i have to log off first 
and that takes time, maybe set the whole thing to hibernate.

hibernate. hibernate. hibernate.  i'm i'm a a i'm i'm a fucking mental 
mental fucking a fucking mental cripple, to cripple, mental mental 
cripple, use a use to cripple, to a coined coined use to use coined 
sitting sitting coined a a phrase, front front in coined coined sitting of 
this of sitting phrase, sitting this hour hour of sitting in this after 
hour, machine front in this hour, if hour, this front machine as whole the 
after this machine if world's world's as machine hour if in when whole 
hour, hour if it, know it, if after if it, damned know world's as if it, 
it's it's when the if it, it's i well in the it, it's to i I whole in it's 
it think well in in it's it just used I it, well wasn't, i it well when 
damned it walk i used know damned it away away it well damned think away 
corner i i well to away my from, it it's used walk art, my i i i could now 
i've from, think used something art, headaches my something used just my 
and constant away think wasn't, for can't can't for just wasn't, a can't 
pills got could wasn't, from, and them, stop corner something walk 
constant i'm them, now could could got on just and from, could now i'm 
kill for my walk my for a about constant from, corner taking a a taking 
for corner can't a nuisance just i've corner headaches kill rest a can't 
for got about of the them, now now on of world, kill constant now for rest 
even nuisance taking i've stop to hyper world, on got and literary link 
hyper a can't headaches kill hyper my rest for headaches just even web

__

angel dreaming angel
http://www.as.wvu.edu:8000/clc/Members/sondheim/angel/
god loving god

__

 SEXVIDEO collapse

oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooVoIoEoWoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

 esqf9G CoCBlAoa 07r q1H Ggx eA 6s a1FGwp7 y4EdlDsq x6HCeF qu0pl6
 fyHpqlIs w6GAg47q Gt6 tel xkq 79E fr vlutflqB tGq1wCeF wxCbwFA5 89C303Eq
 by4 Cg8 ys 8azl18 a6z Byr oD 4r xb2B DG eGa6 HlFb trI 9st
 3Ev 46 EIB7pd vg t1 k3 Cd uwq eI qwD k8e bzv
 sAEH2g wygIdeEE sdEH l6c xEg rq tu Gd Er6wa3fw lo 94 yq2D1g
  l80vgI AyfslcDe skc3 bgc Ev4 s4 7y pE ClzuBzbs Bg vd I7tCzu
    pwwwo pz tkbA p11Ed d6 al wC pg Cb aI 8f6B2
      Gkx CE ff7p7H G1dlA t0 G0 t6w ba xue dDE GI5
 1v9 k6w eu 4792xd aru7z BH Br zdxB Ay Cu6u A088 FA9 fIe
 grIf209z z8b1rd14 Beq C28 kycb9 F4 e7At7dek 5AkHB3CE fbIe5IFd Ad03u8xD
  E6atd1 kqpkbxg2 zr8 ryx 3ec uF soe04Af 5zoevk04 d7k1Ca x0k5Cv

=============================V=I=E=W=============================

W has disappeared. It's storming out - unbelievable fury out there - 
shouldn't finish this - would there be more? Thunder's stuttering - 
unbearable violence - natural slaughter - "I wouldn't want to be out in 
this storm" - lightning's strong enough to read by - UPS holding nicely - 
in Pennsylvania, home of Thor - hope you like "what I've been able to do 
in such brief time" - honestly I would have worked more on this - can 
hardly hear myself think - lightning's just about on top of me - no, this 
won't end with the false strike - I'm just protecting the machinery - 
"it's my dad's machine" - 


___


queen's writ


it's the queen's writ, to be sure, you can read it in the wind, it's 
graphology. god is a voiceover discerned by signs turned as such on the 
lathe of experience. we're heading towards the interior, mine own, squalls 
lead the way. the machines shudder in the almost-dark, you can hear the 
native clarinets murmured in the distance. all distances are great, saith 
the lord, all winds from nowhere, all destinations cut short by the love 
of death. the lord inculcates all i do and think. religion's always on my 
mind, when it isn't dad, and the two are identical, now aren't they. you 
can see the packet spurts, shape-riding in this environment is more like a 
roller-coaster than anything else, holy-roller to be sure. the wind blows 
out, grey clouds unfurl the sky once again in the almost-dark. this is the 
image of a picture in the text of the steganographic image. the terrorists 
need help. i'm in the valleys of the appalachians of pennsylvania, we're 
all in training here, but for what?:day two on dad's machines, the natives 
here are restless, we'll take care of it, get rid of the dirty bomb, 
literally, the earth throws it off-course, solar panels in disarray, 
mayday or some such, but who'd approach? not on your life they say, at 
least the machine works slow like a leak, word after word coming in, none 
too fast of course - there are winds on the sea, winds within, they caress 
me, dawn, there are winds on the sea, winds within, they caress me, dawn, 
you can read it in the wind

your there are masts in the land, masts in the sea, what of them and their 
brawn, your place among you

there are masts in the land, masts in the sea, what of them and their brawn
you can read it, you can read it in the wind


_



but it was something el-se


day turned to night when you went away
seemed like every day you had to play
but it was something el-se
but it was something el-se
times are hard, they're getting worse
daddy drove up in a big old hearse
but it was something el-se
but it was something el-se
souls are going and it won't be long
before they come and take this song
but it was something el-se
but it was something el-se
i can feel the storm it's coming tonight
the river's rising an awful sight
but it was something el-se
but it was something el-se
man came around he had a gun
said you ain't gonna vote this time my son
but it was something el-se
but it was something el-se
i ran like hell to another state
they're all filled now with sacred hate
but it was something el-se
but it was something el-se
god said son you're murderers all
bow down to me and you'll walk tall
but it was something el-se
but it was something el-se
you thank the lord you're still alive
to worship him and join the hive
but it was something el-se
but it was something el-se
my woman left we no goodbyes
i trust the lord to hear my cries
but it was something el-se
but it was something el-se
i killed my children for their sins
in a holy war now everyone wins
but it was something el-se
but it was something el-se
god played the fiddle devil the drum
you can't tell where they're coming from
but it was something el-se
but it was something el-se
ain't gonna vote the party of god
fuck the rapture the worship of sod
but it was something el-se
but it was something el-se
fuck the torah and koran too
fuck the sutras christ is through
but it was something el-se
but it was something el-se
my momma's gone to the setting son
i'm left alone i'm the only one
but it was something el-se
but it was something el-se
the only people jesus saves
lie dead and buried in black-mass graves
but it was something el-se
but it was something el-se
if you believe you're an enemy
of those who don't and as for me
it was something el-se
it was something el-se
if you don't believe you're an enemy
of those who do and as for me
it was something el-se
it was something el-se


_


12 Dostoevsky


Dostoevsky
Dostoevsky
Dostoevsky

Dostoevsky
Dostoevsky
Dostoevsky
Dostoevsky

Dostoevsky
Dostoevsky
Dostoevsky
Dostoevsky
Dostoevsky


_


the Recapitulation of NIKUKO


digital analog death of thousands corporeal
rather the blessing of the GOOD LORD
digital analog death of thousands corporeal
insanity everywhere in this world, among friends and
the covenant of the final remnant -
the digital is based on epistemology and uniformity
what the hell are we fighting for
hold the course and never swerve
now escape through others creatively
the analog mapping is analogy
impetus against the wall of writing from which i
our bombs will cut a deeper nerve
the digital is always doubly-encoded
bomb in fury without pity
the real is infinite raster
unbearable. sexuality became a furious
untethering the witnesses!
form is extruded raster
in freedom we'll destroy this city
violence and the tension is
coward, fearful of any
fuck them first and kill them later
the integral calculus inheres within the analog
freedom makes us all the greater
the differential calculus inheres within the digital
world. i still live there; i'm a
i can't go on this stupid rhyme
the darkness of the hurtling
the signature is analogous to the body
untethering languagings!
the digital and analog chiasmus at the limit
those lines are entirely effaced or
to work out the relations with my
among the leaders and disciples who can testify
genre. why didn't other people tell
the digital is simultaneously eternal and ephemeral
and who can sing the praises of resolute deity
no more! no more!
technology is the substructure of the digital
them. i didn't know better about
on above the cliffs or over
the technological substructure temporally splays and leaks
when nothing shall prevent catastrophe or disappearance
among the shuddering of not both this and that -
the analog is atemporal and time is analogical
when we were floating over the 
a sentence through every sentence
aimed his gun in my direction
we have been given wisdom and understanding
a world through every world
on the knife-blade edge of all disappearance -
virginity just about the time a soldier
cold and strung-out energy and matter -
fluid mechanics of the analog and mechanics of the digital
or sometime lost my
rather the blessing of the GOOD LORD
insanity everywhere in this world, among friends and
the covenant of the final remnant -
the digital is based on epistemology and uniformity
what the hell are we fighting for
nonfictionally. i've seen far too much
the blood will spill upon the hill
the digital is always already a mapping
bomb in fury without pity
the real is infinite raster
unbearable. sexuality became a furious
untethering the witnesses!
form is extruded raster
in freedom we'll destroy this city
violence and the tension is
coward, fearful of any
fuck them first and kill them later
the integral calculus inheres within the analog
freedom makes us all the greater
the differential calculus inheres within the digital
world. i still live there; i'm a
i can't go on this stupid rhyme
the darkness of the hurtling
the signature is analogous to the body
untethering languagings!
the digital and analog chiasmus at the limit
those lines are entirely effaced or
to work out the relations with my
among the leaders and disciples who can testify
genre. why didn't other people tell
the digital is simultaneously eternal and ephemeral
and who can sing the praises of resolute deity
no more! no more!
technology is the substructure of the digital
them. i didn't know better about
among the shuddering of not both this and that -
the analog is atemporal and time is analogical
when we were floating over the 
a sentence through every sentence
aimed his gun in my direction
we have been given wisdom and understanding
a world through every world
on the knife-blade edge of all disappearance -
virginity just about the time a soldier


__

world treasures rescued
http://www.as.wvu.edu:8000/clc/Members/sondheim/treasure.mov

_
