

Category of the Natural


The natural here and there and in-between. Since post-structuralism (if 
not earlier), the natural is always coupled with re/mediation. In any 
case, to date I've taken about 1800 digital pictures; I went through them, 
retrieving the 'natural' - 513 frames - and stacking them in a video. 
Consider this the gestalt (personal, structural) of the concept. No longer 
'natural,' the 'natural' requires redefining for political-environmental 
reasons. This process is constant; too much is at stake to allow the 
'natural,' and its related terms 'wilderness,' 'environment,' etc. - to 
disappear into a deconstruction in which human stewardship is given the 
primary role (in relation to the interiority of the in-itself); beyond 
use/exchange value, consider the value of valuelessness, releasement.. 
Simplistic as this sounds, without this continuous requesting, 
re-examination, what is left of the world's wild places will disappear, 
replaced by waste populated only by a few generalists and ravaging humans.

http://www.asondheim.org/categoryofthenatural.mov

_


The Industrial Meaning


If the natural is by definition analogic, the industrial is digital, 
determined by parameterization, standardization, tolerance, specificity, 
equivalence. If the natural is characterized by releasement, the 
industrial follows by the relation of curtailment, from cannister to 
home-owner's association.

The natural effloresces; the miniaturization of the digital tends toward 
its other, just as the quantum theory tends towards the digital.

http://www.asondheim.org/categoryoftheindustrial.mov

As with http://www.asondheim.org/categoryofthenatural.mov , choice had to 
be made out of a basic corpus of 1800 pictures. What constitutes the 
industrial? There is always the industrialization of the body. 
'artificial' nature in the form of aquariums or zoos, traditional 19th- 
century factory architecture, the mechanical or electrical. This video is 
shorter than the natural, reflecting my interest, nothing more.


_


artists soul and more of them

this evening an artists open house in this artists village
in this artists quarter in this artists studio housing
the guest resident artist residency artist
these beautiful times in orange county!
hello orange county! hello orange county!
hello mike! hello andrea! hello tom! hello lisa! hello naida!
hello tyler! hello tamara! hello bernard! hello amy! hello diana!
hello deborah! hello dennis! hello new friends and old!
hello kristin! hello camille! hello kim! hello laurie!
hello tracy! hello edwin! hello old friends and new!
hello jj! hello eric! hello elissa! and hello stacey 
and hello jim! and hello jeremy! and hello matt!
http://www.asondheim.org/installedlife.jpg
whisper, murmur, sough
sadness of leaving this fine fine world
every year is a month, every month a week
every week is a day, every day an hour
every hour is a minute, every minute a second
and not a second minute and not a second hour,
neither a second day nor a second week,
certainly not a second month, nor a second year
hello old friends and new!
hello new friends and old!

death will never leave us, death will never leave
death will never leave us, death will never leave

goodbye old friends and new!
goodbye new friends and old!

last evening an artists house in an artists soul!
an artists village in an artists world!
goodbye goodbye!
goodbye goodbye!



_

last night, an apparition, beautiful

last night, an apparition, beautiful
of a young woman perfectly framed by the studio doorway
suddenly, staring at the image with which i possessed her
i noticed ... nothing more or less than the mark upon her
hours i labored ... hours ...
until i brought to the surface what had remained hidden
until i uncovered her very soul
the square on the face of the very young woman
the square on the face of the woman ...

http://www.asondheim.org/squareonthefaceofthewoman.jpg


tine

oh, already, i'm sorry, this has passed and yesterday,
replaced by new and astounding things
or rather states or processes, i couldn't 
help myself, more moderne certainly, and fashionable
as all get-out

we have the space to extend small dramas
here and there, the theater of the sexually unreal,
none of us could believe pirandello punchinello,
gargantua, commedia del'arte, preposterous buffoons,
loss of innocence, oustanding

http://www.asondheim.org/tine.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/tine06.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/tine13.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/tine15.jpg

contactreleasedance has been replaced


family story


you're my bumblepal
i'll be your bumblepal
http://www.asondheim.org/bumblepal.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/bumblepaldirect1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/bumblepaldirect2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/bumblepaldirect3.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/bumblepaldirect4.jpg
why so many like these? 
because we have th' space to do 'em.
because we have th''em
because we have th'em
because we have to do the space

later that night...
not another one
no, this is about all, but yet...
isn't this furious, curious, true?
the family slapstick routine


_

Crystal Cove antenna slip


in the hills at Crystal Cove (ridge trail), there was no place to hold the 
ground stake properly. the earth was rocky and bone-dry. we poured water 
around the stake. the mud slipped the antenna down. the signal had been 
poor in any case. the result was a 2 1/2 minute source for the mp3. i'm 
happy about the mp3. if i can hear something i haven't heard before, if 
the sound holds me, it might hold you.

http://www.asondheim.org/antennaslip.mp3


The Scar of Progress, Los Angeles


Or: the origin of sprawl and the Iraq War.

The Red Cars, an electric railway system, characterized Los Angeles early 
on. It was later dismantled. The system led to LA's rapid/rabid expansion. 
There was money to be made by busline replacement, even though buses have 
to compete with traffic, are noisy, polluting, slow, and dangerous, and 
run few and far between.

I lived years ago at the corner of Spaulding and Fountain in L.A.-West 
Hollywood. The ghosts of the Red Car line were everywhere. I noticed a 
diagonal swath cut across Hollywood/West Hollywood - a scar of past public 
transportation. WorldWind brought this to the foreground; you can see the 
results below. This was a passenger-only line. The land was immediately 
reclaimed by developers, etc., and the corridor has disappeared.

Electric railways were extremely common in the United States, say from the 
10s through the 40s. (The Red Cars ran from 1901-1961.) Even my home town 
of Wilkes-Barre had one connecting it with Scranton. The automobile wiped 
them out, as did corruption and short-sighted politicians (are there any 
other kind?). The result is the oil crisis and the mess in this gluttonous 
country that consumes something like 25% of the world's resources. (See 
the Wikipedia article below.)

http://www.asondheim.org/RedLinescara.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/RedLinescarb.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/RedLinescarc.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/RedLinescard.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/RedLinescare.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/RedLinescarf.jpg

Additional: http://www.asondheim.org/tustinblimphangers4.mpg

Pacific Electric Railway (from Wikipedia):

The Pacific Electric Railway (AAR reporting mark PE), also known as the 
Red Car system, was a mass transit system in Southern California using 
streetcars, light rail and buses. At its greatest extent, the system 
connected cities in Los Angeles and Orange Counties, and the Inland 
Empire.

The system was divided into three districts:

    * Northern District: Pasadena, San Gabriel Valley, San Bernardino.
    * Southern District: Long Beach, Newport, San Pedro, Santa Ana.
    * Western District: Hollywood, Burbank/Glendale, San Fernando Valley, 
Santa Monica.

The Pacific Electric Railway was established by Henry Huntington in 1901. 
Henry's uncle, Collis Huntington, was one of the founders of the Southern 
Pacific railroad and had bequeathed Henry a huge fortune upon his death. 
Only a few years after the company's formation, most of Pacific Electric's 
stock was purchased by the Southern Pacific Railroad, which Henry 
Huntington had tried and failed to gain control of a decade earlier. In 
1911, Southern Pacific bought out Huntington completely and also purchased 
several other passenger railway operators in the Los Angeles area, 
including the Los Angeles Pacific, resulting in the "Great Merger" of 
1911. At this point the Pacific Electric became the largest operator of 
interurban electric railway passenger service in the world, with over 
1,000 miles of track. Henry Huntington then purchased the company which 
provided local streetcar service in central Los Angeles and nearby 
communities, the Los Angeles Railway (LARy). These were known as the 
"Yellow Cars," and actually carried more passengers than the PE's "Red 
Cars."

Pacific Electric passenger service was sold off in 1953 to a company known 
as Metropolitan Coach Lines, whose intention was to convert all rail 
service to bus service as quickly as possible. Many of the Pacific 
Electric passenger lines were shut down in 1954, but the California state 
government would not allow the most popular lines to be discontinued. In 
1958, Metropolitan Coach Lines relinquished control of the remaining rail 
lines to a government agency, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, 
which also took over the remaining streetcar lines of the successor of the 
Los Angeles Railway, the Los Angeles Transit Lines. Only a handful of 
electric train lines remained operating at that time and the conventional 
wisdom held that their days were numbered. The last passenger line of the 
Pacific Electric, the line from Los Angeles to Long Beach, continued until 
April 9, 1961. With the closure of the Long Beach line, the final link in 
the system as well as the PE's first line some sixty years prior, was 
eliminated. The PE's freight service was continued by the Southern Pacific 
Railroad and operated under the Pacific Electric name through 1964. The 
few remaining former Los Angeles Railway streetcar lines were removed in 
1963.



_


Reviews of some recent books and then some -


These are texts relevant to net art. Some I have found personally more 
useful than others; this is the result of my own predilection of course.
They are review copies. In some cases, I've failed the te(x)(s)t.

Digital Video Hacks, Tips and Tools for Shooting, Editing, and Sharing, 
Joshua Paul, O'Reilly, 2005. I've mentioned this book before. I swear by 
it. There are very few digital media books I can wholeheartedly recommend 
- this is one of them. The book covers, in the usual 100 'hacks,' every- 
thing from writing filters for Movie Maker to distributing DVDs, codecs, 
converting PAL to NTSC, "See Through Walls" (obvious but very useful), 
logging, "making your own weather report," Quicktime Pro filters, and 
ASCII movies. If nothing else, the book has helped me organize things so I 
can work faster, something always of concern. 

Lara Croft, Cyber Heroine, Astrid Deuber-Mankowsky, Minnesota, 2005. More 
and more work needs to be done, not on cyborgs (although this references 
Haraway, etc.), but on the re/mediations, mediations, projectivities, 
introjectivities, phenomenologies, histories, and mechanics, of avatars as 
they enter and enhance/entrance consciousness, singly or multiply. This 
book covers the game, movie, creation, continuation, of Croft in a mere 89 
pages (not including notes and index). It's brilliant and a beginning. My 
only quibble, and that's all it is, is that virtual idols such as Diki or 
Kyoko Date (I've written on both, so I have a stake in this) aren't men- 
tioned; it's as if gaming and its emissions existed outside the apparatus 
of popular music. A second quibble is the expense - $17.95. On the other 
hand, this slim text sets a foundation like none other. Chapters include 
The Phenomenon of Lara Croft, A Duplicitous Gift, The Origins of a 
Cultural Icon, The market and the Hardware, Medial Origins and Sexual 
Grounds, Virtual Reality, The Interactive Movie, The Loss of Surface, The 
Medialization of the Body, The Universal Medium, Tomb Raider: The Movie, 
The Question of Sexual Difference, and Afterplay: The Next Generation. 
This is wonderful!

Web Mapping Illustrated, Tyler Mitchell, O'Reilly, 2005, Using Open Source 
GIS Toolkits. If you are working in locative media, GET THIS BOOK! The 
chapters include Introduction to Digital Mapping, Digital Mapping Tasks 
and Tools, Converting and Viewing Maps, Installing MapServer, Acquiring 
Map Data, Analyzing Map Data, Converting Map Data, Visualizing Mapping 
Data in a Desktop Program, Create and Edit Personal Map Data, Creating 
Static Maps, Publishing Interactive Maps on the Web, Accessing Maps 
Through Web Services, Managing a Spatial Database, Custom Programming with 
MapServer's MapScript, and two appendices, one on map projections, and a 
MapServer Reference Guide for Vector Data Access. This is heavy on GIS; 
Google and WorldWind are not mentioned. I've only read this book; I'm not 
in a position to apply it (I use an inexpensive GPS, that's about it, 
please, if you have a better one, send it to me!), but it's absolutely 
clear that it provides a framework for any sort of positional work - not 
only that, but a framework which goes a long way towards making WorldWind 
(which is of course open source) useful as a GUI for artists! Mapping is 
increasingly moving into the forefront of web graphics; this takes you way 
beyond the surface. The book uses a webpage for auxiliary downloads, 
taking the user step-by-step through the chapters.

Current unix fortune: !07/11 PDP a ni deppart m'I  !pleH

Start Your Engines, Developing Driving and Racing Games, Jim Parker, 
Paraglyph, 2005. I'm not interested in creating driving games (although 
there are downloadable and modifiable files at the website accompanying 
the book, that make for a very interesting beginning), but I am interested 
in the physics, interfaces, and phenomenologies of them. This book 
provides these in abundance; I can't think (at least for me, with my 
limited knowledge) of a better introduction to a kind of gaming that is 
based on the physics of world-creation (i.e. little or no story required, 
but all the makings and packagings of a planet). Chapters include: 
Starting Your Engines - Basic Design Elements, Game Architecture for 
Driving and Racing Games, Basic Graphics for Driving and Racing Games, 
Building a Basic 3D Driving Game, Game AI and Collision Detection, 
Incorporating Intelligent Opponents, Audio for Driving and Racing Games, 
Using Ambient Traffic, Physics for Driving and Racing Games, Simulating 
Continuous Time, Cinematography for Driving and Racing Games, Creating 
Terrains, Designing the Manic Mars Racer Games, Coding the Manic Mars Racer 
Game, The Bonus Game--Charged!, refs and resources, a math tutorial, and 
more. The graphics work through polygons. The book takes nothing but 
programming for granted. (For intermediate to advanced levels.) I'm 
fascinated by such things as the need to create continuity, designing 
collision detection routines - all these things that are of course taken 
for granted in the 'real.' Terrains are constructed from random functions 
by the way - the programs can be applied elsewhere. The book demonstrates 
what goes into perception and the relationship of perception to coding. 
The games are clearly phenomenology writ large, Husserl's Logical 
Investigations inverted into the construct of mediations among subject, 
real, codons. I recommend this for anyone interested in gaming, whether or 
not they're practicing such. It's expensive ($39.99 or as we like to say 
$40), so I wouldn't purchase it unless you're going to really use it, in 
which case it's cheap at the price.

Home Networking, The Missing Manual, Pogue, O'Reilly, Scott Lowe, 2005. 
Okay, I'm stupid about a number of things, including putting things 
together so that they fit. This goes a long way towards helping me. How to 
hook up PCs to a router to wireless to each other and possibly to a Mac 
using something called Dave? It's all here. The Missing Manual series is 
pretty good in general, giving you the basics that aren't readily 
available elsewhere. The next step would be the hacks. In any case there 
are chapters are outlining your home networking plan (if it's not just 
random cables as mine tends to be), through ethernet, wireless, and 
powerline, onto various PC/Mac connections, then to the road, various, 
etc. etc. I need books like this. I'm tired a lot. They tell me what to do 
and generally they don't make mistakes. Recommended.

The Souls of Cyberfolk, Posthumanism as Vernacular Theory, Thomas Foster, 
Minnesota, 2005. I have read into this work, repeatedly, and at this point 
I don't feel I'm the right person to review it. So consider this an aside 
before going on to the book. I an increasingly finding theory impoverished 
/ machinic - I can 'do' multiculturalism, postmodernism, postmodernity, 
poststructural, postoffice, various gendering theories, psychoanalytics, 
and so forth, and for the most part this doing doesn't take; I'm not 
learning more than I knew and what I find I need to know is often on the 
practical side of things. Lara Croft (above) strikes a good balance; this 
book is strong on theory and I've been having trouble getting through it. 
Some of the material is stunning, for example a section on The Discourse 
of Trauma (in the chapter "Replaying the L.A. Riots, Cyborg Narratives and 
National Traumas). The chapter on "The Sex Appeal of the Inorganic" 
relates well to both Kyoko Date and Lara Croft, and there is a discussion 
of Turing's description of the Turing test and its relation to gender 
("Instead he takes a detour through another 'imitation game,' based on 
gender. In this game a man and a woman are concealed from a questioner, 
who attempts to determine which of the two is the man and which is the 
woman. Turing suggests that the man try to deceive the interrogator about 
his gender, while the woman tries to convince the interrogator that she is 
in fact a woman. Turing then asks, 'what will happen when a machine takes 
the part of [the man] in this game? Will the interpretor decide wrongly 
just as often when the game is played like this as he does when the game 
is played between a man and a woman? These questions replace our original, 
"Can machines think?"'" Foster then relates (potentially) Turing to queer 
theory. Moments like these are absolutely wonderful, and I find myself 
constantly reading into the book, rather than following it chapter by 
chapter. The chapters are: Introduction: Cyberpunk's Posthuman Afterlife, 
1. The Legacies of Cyberpunk Fiction: New Cultural Formations and the 
Emergence of the posthuman, 2. Meat Puppets or Robopaths: The Question of 
(Dis)Embodiment in Neuromancer, 3. The Sex Appeal of the Inorganic: 
Posthuman Narratives and the Construction of Desire, 4. Trapped by the 
body: Telepresence Technologies and Transgendered performance; 5. The 
Souls of Cyberfolk: Performativity, Virtual Embodiment, and Racial 
Histories, 6. Replaying the La. Riots: Cyborg Narratives and National 
Traumas, 7. Franchise Nationalisms: Globalization, Consumer Culture, and 
New Ethnicities, and Conclusion: The Antinomies of Posthuman Thought.
(From a distance I question the 'posthuman,' just as I question 'cyborg,' 
'manifesto,' 'theory.' I find myself tending more towards Penrose and Bohm 
on one hand, Noh and Buddhism on the other, reconfiguring histories of 
industrialization from source materials, thinking through early history of 
untamed radio. I still go back to Kittler perhaps. Language tends to 
short-circuit otherwise in me, tread paths which appear, but probably 
aren't, already too familiar. It's not clear whether philosophy is dead or 
not or even what 'philosophy' and 'dead' mean, but it's clear that 
philosophic machines, ideological algorithms, deconstructive mechanisms, 
have already been set into motion, doing the {therapeutic} work for us. 
The work that needs to be done, might be, most likely is, entirely else- 
where. I've been thinking about chaparral, avoiding Iran and NK's nuclear 
arsenals-in-the-making, Bush's and others' fundamentalist ultraviolence. 
What is the relation of theory to any of these? Does it return, resonate 
internally, shackled with yet another machinic analysis? This is of course 
not the case with Foster - parts of the book, for me, are spell-binding, 
but the project of the book has raised these questions (unfairly, I know) 
in relation to my own attempts to make sense of the world. For I think, 
no, know, the world is deeply senseless, causal chains 'hold' only some of 
the time, and it's not language but randomness which conceals and congeals 
the violent. In any case, there I am, and apologize for this review. I do 
say, however, that Lara Croft and The Souls of Cyberfolk are the beginning 
of a kind of analysis which both has to break the shackles of current 
theory and tend towards a sort of realism that remains all too absent as 
long as the 'real' (like 'nature' or 'wilderness') remains in quotation 
marks. We don't have time for this! We are too small in the cosmos and too 
strong and greedy in our own befouled nest. Let freedom ring.)


_


Johnny Cash


Johnny Cash died a while ago. I'm not sure when. I grew up pretty much 
with him. I listened to his music on the radio and from records. I 
remember he wore black, sang in prisons, said he'd never change the color 
of his clothes until the prisoners were freed. I think that was what he 
said. He had that deeper sound, not that high lonesome sound, but that 
edgy sound, at the lip of a cave or abandoned shack somewhere in the 
desert. At least that's how I read it.

Three hundred years ago there was a style called country music I think. 
There was a man called Johnny Cash. The records are pretty clear on that. 
He was a singer or songwriter or played a wooden instrument called a 
guitar. I read something about that. There's not much information left 
about anything. He's probably one of a million players back then. There 
were more people back then. I'm not sure of anything else about him. He 
lived in the 1900s I think. Things seemed a lot simpler then but maybe 
everyone says that all the time. I haven't a clue about the music. I think 
he played the instrument himself but I'm not sure. 

My children won't remember Cash. He'll be on some disks around the house, 
that's all. Like everyone else in this culture, he'll recede quickly. He's 
had his day at the prison. Maybe sometime in twenty years or so he'll be 
rediscovered but for who? At that point we'll have moved on so far, and 
with population increase, global warming, it will be a miracle if anything 
at all is left. When we go, with our memories, Cash goes with us. It's as 
simple as that.

We don't know anything at all about that period. It seems an entirely 
different world. Most of the artifacts are pretty much decomposed, 
charred, whatever. It must have been something, though. The whole planet 
took on a face-lift.

Johnny Cash is the greatest. I'll follow him from concert to concert, I've 
got a dozen autographs. He's so sexy and committed, I can't believe how 
lucky I am. Years from now they'll still be singing his songs. Country 
music wouldn't be where it is today if it wasn't for him and his Carter 
Family wife. I wish I was her!

It's all gone, all gone. It never meant anything. For a moment folks 
enjoyed it. They expected more though, I'm not sure what. That things 
wouldn't change so fast, that the world would hold back a little. That 
Johnny would hold it back. And the prisons are still full, fuller than 
ever. Those prisoners, they're the ones should be in charge, and the ones 
out there, the free ones, lock them up and throw away the key.

the related,

http://www.asondheim.org/sonata.mov
http://www.asondheim.org/pavanne.mov


stupid piece about   cuties   and   brides 

http://www.asondheim.org/bridesandcuties1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/bridesandcuties2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/bridesandcuties3.jpg

Weak Work

http://www.asondheim.org/crystalcove23.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/crystalcove24.jpg

Periphyton is fundamental to wetlands, fundamental environments related to 
stromatolites and other bacterial/algal mattings. This from a small stream 
through the chaparral at Crystal Cove. We went to San Pedro to find cheap 
housing, nothing doing, Museum of Jurassic Technology, back to the book- 
store for the 1908 Report of the Department of Mines, Volume 1 Anthracite, 
back in Pa. Confirmed from 1899-1908, 4559 killed, plus numerous injured. 
This in 4 poorly-populated counties. Now I learn to see. Being Jews, we 
were small merchants. David Bohm lived above a furniture store. With a 
microscope, innumerable organisms appear. Continue enlarging and life is 
symptomatic all the way down. Information appears on the other side. 
Fifty-thousand miners await angelic Orders, over there. The Jews stay out 
just as they were prohibited from the Westmoreland Club where my 
inaccessible crush, Platt Townend, might well have freely entered. David 
Bohm was long gone when I grew up. We were in the middle of nowhere. 
Enlarge, enlarge.


stet, never leaving well enough alone

yes yes yes, thank you applause
a very new effect towards the re/production of music for you
i know you will be satisifed

http://www.asondheim.org/stet.mp3

almost but not quite as if from outer-spatial
this is the allegory of the closed digital set opening to your ears
your ears run off! you can't follow them!
thank you, thank you!


The Certain Truths


_From the viewpoint of the human_: nature is a slaughterhouse.
A certain truth: There is no salvation.
Death is the only arbiter.
Annihilation and meaning are identical.
From one viewpoint, many. From many viewpoints, one.
Good and evil dissolve.
The stases of objects inhabit the wheels of decay and corrosion.
The coming-together is the pulling-asunder.
Chaos rules, dissolves into noise, noise rules.
The number and quality of truth always loses focus.
My culture is your death. My death is your culture.
Nothing survives violence.
Every creature suffers blindly in the guise of its body.
Pain is of no consequence outside the flesh.
The annihilation of the human race would only prolong the catastrophe.
We live only to destroy in the masquerade of decency.
Other truths evaporate in the face of death.
We live so that we might not die.
We live so that we might die.
I say to you: Your death is my salvation.
Every death is a meal.
Among the humans, the pinnacle of deceit.
Exaltation is a painless death.
There's no end to the end of it.


the very worst in us

everyone wants their partner dead
everyone wants to fuck their partner dead
you can use drugs to fake it
your partner has to agree to it, doesn't she (he)?
everyone dreams of a body at their disposal
you can do anything to it
it is your darkside and perhaps you decide not to
there are games after midnight after three a.m.
your dead partner can't fuck back
your drugged partner can't fuck back
http://www.asondheim.org/mydeadwife.mp4
things like these keep you out of prison
where are the bodies kept, not in your dreams

_

secret message embedded in grepped text file

none of us could believe pirandello punchinello not another one ground 
stake properly the earth was rocky and bone dry we poured water there was 
money to be made by busline replacement even though buses have of wilkes 
barre had one connecting it with scranton the automobile wiped henry's 
uncle collis huntington was one of the founders of the southern joshua 
paul o'reilly i've mentioned this book before i swear by this is one of 
them the book covers in the usual 'hacks ' every and more work needs to be 
done not on cyborgs although this references tioned it's as if gaming and 
its emissions existed outside the apparatus hand this slim text sets a 
foundation like none other chapters include mapserver's mapscript and two 
appendices one on map projections and a google and worldwind are not 
mentioned i've only read this book i'm not please if you have a better one 
send it to me!  but it's absolutely incorporating intelligent opponents 
audio for driving and racing games real codons i recommend this for anyone 
interested in gaming whether or gender in this game a man and a woman are 
concealed from a questioner on one hand noh and buddhism on the other 
reconfiguring histories of the work that needs to be done might be most 
likely is entirely else of his clothes until the prisoners were freed i 
think that was what he said he had that deeper sound not that high 
lonesome sound but that edgy sound at the lip of a cave or abandoned shack 
somewhere in the about anything he's probably one of a million players 
back then there everyone says that all the time i haven't a clue about the 
music i think that's all like everyone else in this culture he'll recede 
quickly he's it's all gone all gone it never meant anything for a moment 
folks ever those prisoners they're the ones should be in charge and the 
ones out there the free ones lock them up and throw away the key bohm was 
long gone when i grew up we were in the middle of nowhere stet never 
leaving well enough alone from one viewpoint many from many viewpoints one 
everyone wants their partner dead everyone wants to fuck their partner 
dead everyone dreams of a body at their disposal these beautiful times in 
orange county! electric train lines remained operating at that time and 
the conventional logging "making your own weather report " quicktime pro 
filters and the time and it's not language but randomness which conceals 
and congeals marks we don't have time for this! we are too small in the 
cosmos and too everyone says that all the time i haven't a clue about the 
music i think had his day at the prison maybe sometime in twenty years or 
so he'll be stet never leaving well enough alone the pacific electric 
railway aar reporting mark pe also known as the communities the los 
angeles railway lary these were known as the pacific electric passenger 
service was sold off in to a company known limited knowledge of a better 
introduction to a kind of gaming that is learning more than i knew and 
what i find i need to know is often on the but the project of the book has 
raised these questions unfairly i know no know the world is deeply 
senseless causal chains 'hold' only some of we don't know anything at all 
about that period it seems an entirely lucky i am years from now they'll 
still be singing his songs country bohm was long gone when i grew up we 
were in the middle of nowhere i know you will be satisifed


and unable to sleep -
the dawn lingers far beyond the day -
the dusk attends low mornings and high noons -

and unable to weep, i
find my thoughtless self alone, and weigh
time after time, against the gathered runes -

and unable, to keep my days and nights apart
i dream these films, and let them have their say
while all alone i sing my sleepless tunes -

http://www.asondheim.org/ghaste.mp4 -

_


Performance thinking about death, Grand Central Art Center, 8/15/05


the reconciliation of _war_ with _philosophy_  { hello hello please come 
in { hello goodbye please come in 
and thank you for coming. we are very 
yes we are very happy to have you here/.
hang in there . I am trying to get my bearing
I had all sorts of things to say to you. Are you going to Crawford Texas 
for example. And thenI forgot what I was going to say. O 
I am
O I am stalling
stalling for time. You see...
Wait a minute. This has to do with energy. No, this has to do with 
confusion.
Whose war is this anyway.
We'll look at the map, we've been there before Damn it I'm going much to 
fast. You wouldn't believe whqat you've missed! Very low frequency radio 
with metaphoric ionospheric ducting (useful for the production ofd the 
original sounds)
Between earth and sky and far away from any electrical grid
You can hear these things
Or these things
Or this when the antenna collapsed somewhere I think it was in Crystal 
Cove
images taken across the country representing in my viewpoing' the natural'
you can see if you look closely the cat that lives in the now ruined 
electrical substation across the plaza from here
or this the category of the industral and perhaps the cat is here as well
antenna coupling with musicla instrument strings, there's no microphone, 
just the earth itself speaking in relation to the objects upon it
this is begnning to sound like heidegger.
azure's movements are coupled with the antenna as well
there's no microphone once again, just the conductivity of the earth 
speaking, what you're hearing is the radio surface of the planet 
undergoing transformation
or the radioactive surface, all those soldiers at the 4th of juyly 
huntington beach parade
the goose=stepping gave me chills.
what were they thinking?
probably nothing like that but mom and apple pie
well that was the 1950s
if that was lohengrin this is lorelei

and this is where we came from and this is where we're goiing

there's an ...urgfency... that's urgency... here, i can't define, all this 
radioactivity, this encounter with violence in the guise of holiday-making 
welcome please have a seat, there's no beginning and no end to this
just as there's "no end" to this:
we were here and there and now we're here:
i keep thinking to myself:
we're at the end of things.
in another ten years, what's happening here
will make no sense
armegeddon isn't around the corner, it's here and now
HANG IN THERE
it's just about
it's just about adjusting things and why?
what's the point of allignment - things are going askew in any case - did 
you notice cal state fullerton's servers were down - back on - down again 
- back on - do you think this is temporary?  fuck degas
fuck degas again
welcome to the world of the black sun
so what do we have to offer besides despair
or this.
or these, my treasures
whatever i try to do, industry takes over, there's no escape from it. i 
apologize.
i will stop soon and i will talk about this work you'll see
and maybe it will make some sort of sense at that point
more than for example playing the guitar
god for a moment i could believe this is 1969
thank you -= I realize this is incomplete at best, fragments of work or 
fragments of other work - hang in there -
thank you = lights please? 




Notes in the form of - The Hidden / The Wonder

Analog: the world, _of_ the world. 
Digital: the word, _of_ the word.

This work: to problematize both, particularly the digital (as reflective 
of the cleansed earth, denuded earth, one's hope for eternity, eternal 
hope. And the analog: infiltration of dirt, unacknowledged real.

1. - Continuation of 'avatar' work. But isn't this already stale, 
outdated? Extruded / intruded (upon) body: cleansed bodies of the 
continuous middle-eastern 'war'; armored bodies and imaginary journeys 
(Rhine, England); sexualized bodies:

2. - Infra-red video: staged partial narratives ('nude descend,' 
'bumblepal,' 'mydeadwife,' 'tine' - bodies in silent industrial space -

3. - Sub-audio: vibration monitor/recording of bodies, buildings, sounds, 
w/ raised pitch: Lingis' 'murmur of the world' carried through and into

4. VLF (very low frequency) radiowork modified in order to create a. the 
semblance of ionospheric ducts; b. granular particle decay.

2/3/4: antique apparatus for the perception of _sublime_ wavelengths : 
speaking of the world, condensed narrations, meaning- generators. The 
mechanical sensitized skin written large. _Not_ cyborg but embedding in 
_miasma._

_Archaic_ or 'primordial' apparatus, moving towards internalization. The 
_probe._ The antenna: Heidegger, the reach.

5. W/1-4: continued work on distinction between analog/digital in relation 
to categories (nothing more than constructed) of the 'natural' and 
'industrial' - and in terms of open analogic and closed digital sets. 
Collapse of the wave equation. INTERNATIONAL CODE OF SIGNALS and Level 
Intermingling - levels, meta-levels, and 'aura.'

6. Worlds of real-time manual labor in relation to culling/production: CD 
work of flat-dry guitar/VLF audio/radio; and CD work with Matt Frantz of 
manual/electronic labor.

7. Re/presentation of absolute despair in relation to the 'cruelty' of the 
real.


_

we are making another day

whose death is this anyway
whose life and if i kill myself i hurt i hurt
everyone around me should one remain alive
on the life support of the other 
necessarily there are complications
they'd end fast, abrupt, what a selfish act,
you'd have to keep on living, deal with them
later that evening, feeling the same way
for days this feeling will last
it is an everlasting feeling these days
one someone dies they leave a bad poem, for
example, the they not he or she, as if a
multitude were at stake or was, their 
fecund death, now that we have written 
ourselves in this fashion. i will add this
or to this later, will now abandon, perhaps
you have already, or would at this slightest
sign as if this were a poem, it is not.
but homeless it is, wayward it is, almost
the contrary of the poem of death, sung on
all occasions. death precedes me, processes
everything. i am so selfish but as my last
act i will leave no one behind, bang bang, 
you are all dead. the 'eh' sounds is the 
last sublime. what next. death always
already approaches, never arrives, cancels
everything in an unapproachable end, always
near, breathing down the corridors of being.
there is no other side, nothing to cross over
but the arms as the coffin shuts, last and
unregistered daylight for this body. i am on
the last journey already, twilight heeds me,
rides my back and shoulders until i'll 
finally touch the ground. now guess what
our connection is down here and i'll come
in and out just for a second goodbye 
goodbye and later, we have all made 
another day.


we have been down, a router set the system off, we're still not on
entirely, apologies, we have been in contact with the ghost team
please witness the ghost team, thank you
http://www.asondheim.org/lastgaming.mp4
we will be back and then we will be traveling back to ny, thank you




limited various

http://www.asondheim.org/bcwave.mp3
modified loop antenna signal of power grid 
http://www.asondheim.org/myvoiceone.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/myvoicefour.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/myvoicefive.jpg
images of what i dream about my voices

it is very easy to approach the refineries at Long Beach
it shouldn't be, now should it?
all too easy; some signs give orange alert, whatever,
that's about it


_

heartlandexperimentalmovie

our innermost being
murmur of purring machines
constant sleepiness in the hollow waiting for our demise

beings before us, beings after us


our sense of being, equivalent to being, 
would a bee or a hummingbird, Heidegger, Dasein
these are not idle questions


http://www.asondheim.org/heartlandexperimentalmovie.mp4


i've always wanted to make an experimental movie
now in the heart of the heartland, why not?

for these are empires in the making, all of them
and we won't be here much longer

i wouldn't even wait if i were you



_

paysage paysage

i'd i'd
i'm i'm
decathexis d'nala
i've i've
i'm i've http imaginaries idealities i've indexicality ideogrammar 
awk BBS
cdrom CEN
rills RNA
literarily LOL
unhinging URL
URL URLs
virtualities URLs valium VRML valium voiceovers webboard virtualities 
VRML VRML
NYC NYC
kwat Lacan
lpmud machinic
machinic magatama
runnels Sagdish
Myouka nakasukawabata
halfgroupoid halfgroupoid
URLs valium
fantasm familiality
Panamarenko Panamarenko
deconstructed dancework
Lacan landbirds
landbirds languaging
latinate languaging literarily lejeune liguus machinic liguus machinic 
magatama manifesto
panix panix
nakasukawabata nano
fantasmic fantasm
extrusions fantasmic filmstock fantasm filmstock fingerboard feedforward 
narratology Nara
neighborhooding narcissism
Netscape narratology
particulation particulation
mathematization Marvellous
bushido castrated
mediaspace mathematization
languaging latinate
Sagdish satori
aesthetic zaurus aether aether app aether aether arounds Amidah archaea 
sawgrass sawgrass
techne taxonomies
Waypoint Waypoint
paysage paysage
actant actants
bvh cd
idealities idealities
ideogrammar ideogrammar
rearticulation realspace
seamount seamount
rebirths rearticulation
kanji Kebara
webboard webboard
Webpage webcam VRML wetwares Webpage Webpages worlding Webpages willets 
redhat rebirths
Webpage Webpages
Webpages website
deconstructing decathexis
cunts decathexis cyberspace d'nala deconstruction d'eruza deconstruction 
deerflies decathexis desiccated defuge deerflies diachrony denudation 
teleologies techne
sed sed
regimens redhat
miami mediaspace
fictivity feedforward
defuge deerflies
denudation defuge
reifications regimens
Myouka neighborhooding Myouka neighborhooding neurophysiologies Nara 
rearticulation reinscribed rills regimens romola RNA reinscription satori 
latinate lejeune
reinscription releasement
temporality teleologies
tion teleologies thanatopoesis tr terns traceroute trAce tion txt 
sememe sememe
sememes sememes
Semiology Semiology
semiosis semiosis
hee hemiptera grep holarchy hir hemiptera http hirself htm i'm holarchy 
tendrils temporality
javascript Jen
terns tendrils
Jen jennifer
introjections jennifer jewish java judgmental jisatsu jewish Kebara 
CEN Centre
Derrida denudation
geomatics geomatics
periphyton performativity
perl periphyton
phantasms perl
desiccated Derrida
dhtml desiccated
actants aesthetic
gesturally gesturally
aesthetic aether
website wetware
wetware wetwares
www wetwares ytalk yamabushi worlding ytalk ytalk zaurus
oeuvre oeuvre
jennifer jewish
sexualities sexualities
emanants effusions
shakuhachi shakuhachi
shamisen shamisen
sed shamisen semiosis semiotics shinjuu semiotics shimenawa sions shamisen 
tropes thanatopoesis
phenomenologist phantasms
particulation phantasms particulation perl physico performativity 
sheffer sheffer
physico phenomenologist
shimenawa shimenawa
shinjuu shinjuu
Centre chora
wetwares WiFi
diegesis diachrony
microworlds miami
valium vicodin
minefields microworlds
filmmaker fictivity
videowork videowork
diegetic diegesis
differance diegetic
nietzsche nietzsche
nijinsky nietzsche neighborhooding NYC nietzsche nikuko ontologies nikuko 
lejeune lifeworld
differend differance
dhtml differance desiccated differance differend diachrony disinvestment 
Difilter differend
Difilter differend ecologies disassociating distantiation emergences 
gigabytes gigabytes
signifiers signifiers
nijinsky nijinsky
nikuko nikuko
Nikuko's Nikuko's
WiFi willets
releasement rills
filmstock filmmaker
fingerboard filmstock
foofwa fingerboard
liguus linksys
linksys linux
castrated bio
bushido bio bvh bvh blogs CEN castrated bvh circumlocuted cd Centre clots 
thanatopoesis tions
hemiptera hir
chora circumlocuted
circumlocuted circumscription
hir hirself
virtualities virtualities
jewish jisatsu
Distributivities discomforted
hirself historiographies
linux literarily
manifesto literarily mediaspace manifesto machinic minefields Marvellous 
skeining skeining
skeins skeining shinjuu sourcess skeins Snoxfly specicide Snoxfly 
skeins skeins
ikonic ikonic
pneumosphere playnt phantasms postmodernity pneumosphere poolings 
vlf vlf
circumscription clits
bio blogging
biomes blogs
clits clots
CEN clots codework circumlocuted com codeworks codework consciousnesses 
typifications ulpan
aether alterities
imaginaries imaginaries
emergences emanants
empathetic emergences
disinvestment emergences empathetic ecologies entropic empathized 
alterities Amidah
empathized empathetic
encapsulations empathized
ulpan ums
Amidah analogic
informatics incompletes
inscriptive indexicality
postmodernism pneumosphere
ums unfoldings
interiority informatics
unfoldings unhinging
Snoxfly Snoxfly
immersivities interiority imaginaries interiority internality indexicality
interpenetrating internet
introjections internet internality java interpenetrating isp jennifer 
interpenetrations interpenetrating
introjections interpenetrations
ontologies ontologies
isp introjections
episteme entropic
clots codework
coherencies codeworks
collocations coherencies
voiceovers voiceovers
historiographies holarchy
com collocations
Compaq com
RNA romola
complicit Compaq
coherencies Compaq cunt com cunt cunts consciousnesses d'eruza Cybermind 
sondheim sondheim
consensualities consensualities
gesturally foofwa fingerboard grep genidentity gigabytes hee gesturally 
Google Google
blogging bookshops
primordials poolings Prespace psychoanalytics postmodernity realspace 
cordons cordons
willets worlding
morphing morphs
mediaspace morphs mediaspace morphs ms minefields Myouka Mt morphs Nara Mt
nostalgias nostalgias
romola rotifera
romola rotifera sed rotifera seamount sememes satori semiosis Semiology 
jisatsu jouissance
soundwork soundwork
sourcess sourcess
morphs mov
spam spam
stromatolite specicide
jouissance jpg
ethernet episteme
LOL lpmud
analogic app
audiophiles app avatar avatar arounds bio avatar avatar blogs awk biomes 
tion tr
tions trAce
tr traceroute
trAce tracert
traceroute tracert ums tracert ulpan unhinging txt URLs URL ums 
traceroute trans
app archaea
grep grep
primordials presentification
protolanguage Prespace
org org
organelles organelles
offline organelles NYC panix Panamarenko ontologies performativity panix 
blogs bricolage
gridlines gridlines
psychoanalytics primordials
qbasic primordials regimens realspace rearticulation reinscription 
tracert tropes
aristotelian arounds
worlding wryting
mov ms
arounds asondheim
izanagi isp
ms Mt
structuralism stentor
everglades ethernet
holarchy htm
htm html
subgroupoids stromatolite
speakings stromatolite sourcess subgroupoids structuralism specicide 
html http
subtexted subgroupoids subjectivities Sysadmins subjectivities symbologies
Subsonic Subsonic
subtext subtext
subtexted subtexted
tamiami subtexted techne taxonomies Sysadmins terns techne teleologies 
jpg judgmental
asondheim audion
audion audiophiles
Mt multiculturalisms
judgmental julu
jouissance julu landbirds judgmental landbirds latinate Kebara liguus 
rotifera runnels
cunt cunt
cunts cunts
susan susan
bookshops bushido
audiophiles avatar
avatar avatars
exe everglades
empathetic everglades encapsulations episteme extasis entropic extasis 
extensivity everglades fantasm externality extensivity feedforward 
bricolage bvh
Kebara kwat
avatars awk
zaurus www
experientials exe
trans txt
externality extensivity
extrusions externality
familiality extrusions
Cybermind Cybermind
cyberspace cyberspace
cyborg cyborg
symbologies symbologies
multiculturalisms Myouka
http hyperreality
Sysadmins Sysadmins
systemics systemics

_


the construction of a video or film = industrialization of perception
i am peering over the shoulders of the subject

http://www.asondheim.org/comfun.mov

she knows her place


_


Instinctual-Cultural States


Both great blue herons and snowy egrets do food dances, stirring up the 
muddy bottom layers of a body of water, so that invertebrates and small 
fish attempt to flee the disturbance. Dinner! The snowy egret seems more 
nervous, constantly vibrating the water equally with one and then the 
other foot, shaking the sediment loose. There are two techniques; both 
conserve energy. The inactive technique requires waiting, hardly moving at 
all: this is the usual pointed stance of the birds. When a fish or other 
animal becomes visible, it can be instantly seized with little energy. The 
active technique involves the dances themselves, throwing the animals into 
confusion. More food, but a greater energy expenditure which balances out. 
The dance itself involves turning, wing-flapping, something ruffling the 
surface as if taking off, only to move a few feet. These actions can be 
repeated three or four times in a row as the food is hurried along. I've 
seen the willets use another technique altogether, picking up plants and 
other organic debris from the shallows, then shaking it wildly, finally 
jabbing at the result. It's difficult to tell what is happening with a 
standard video camera (i.e. not high-speed), but small mollusks are most 
likely shaken loose. The jabbing is ferocious and rhythmic. Now all of 
these are foraging techniques; there are also, of course, the skimmers, 
the bobbers, the divers, the plunge divers, the sifters. In almost every 
case, the prey is small. What is most fascinating, however, about the 
dance behavior, is the potential degree to which this represents culture, 
not 'instinct,' however defined. Do all populations of egrets and herons 
perform similarly, or rather equivalently? I'm not in a position to judge. 
Surely there are new techniques; the willet debris shaking is most likely 
one of them. Another point, to which I have no answer: How related are 
these behaviors to mating behaviors? And again, how much of both may be 
considered cultural? For these behaviors are not simple, as, for example, 
the plunge diving of the least tern might be - a singular and necessary 
monotonic act, for the most part. Of course even with the least tern we do 
not see what goes on beneath the surface. But the dance itself is even at 
first sight complex; there are numerous behaviors associated in various 
combinations. I could not tell in any case whether egrets or herons favor 
the left or right foot; with the snowy egrets, the division of labor 
between left and right seemed equivalent. The great blue had another 
technique, along with remaining still, pointing, and that is a slow wading 
which also involved what I think must be the right foot slowly moving 
backward as the bird advances - backward beneath the surface, almost 
imperceptibly plowing the bottom. I can only assume this does not frighten 
the bottom-dwellers, but registers only as a slight inconvenience, to 
which they might respond by momentarily surfacing, seeking another cover - 
not to be found, as the heron quickly catches its prey. These birds - 
great blues and snow egrets - see almost three hundred sixty degrees; this 
is obvious when they face you forward, their eyes, immersed in the sides 
of their heads, clearly visible and watching. The world appears constantly 
and in the dance of hunter and prey, however defined, we see energy held 
to a minimum, high survival, and a slim possibility of out-waiting the 
depredations of man. 

I have taped some of the above behaviors at the Bolsa Chica wildlife 
preserve in Huntington Beach, California. I am interested in instinctual- 
cultural states (ICS) and their relation to historiography. For example, 
we assume an absence of Jurassic technology (except of course for the 
museum devoted to it!); our assumptions guide our investigations. But 
there is no indication for example that all reptilian behavior, even 
today, is instinctual, and given the long-term development of the 
dinosaurs, there is a good possibility that what even we might concede as 
cultural existed in ages remote from our own. When we look at birds, we 
are witnessing today a new ethological-cultural ornithology in the making, 
as definitions and values of ICS change. We have set ourselves up as 
arbiters of intelligence and survival upon the planet, and have acted 
accordingly, and brutally. It is too late to glimpse anything but the 
remnants of other intelligence, as our own falters upon some ulterior 
shore most likely of our own making.


_

Sam Beckett's running on empty

i this want this to more say than this anything more want than to anything 
say else get i'm keep get please desperate me please else out, else keep i 
me get alive die don't in fashion, so let fashion, die me have desperate 
in alive so to still learn much am learn still know have the let where so 
world me am much is die furious know which there's there's world no i 
little which room don't for sure me, of no, there's sure i'd it for of me, 
i'd no just little kill add add flesh myself, a a to flesh just waters a 
every species living species species dying, dying, but nothing every but 
living embers caught caught between between two two but worlds, embers 
teeth = and fuel, = reserves fuel, afraid reserves teeth afraid and worked 
i i'll how out am i've do do i'll how i'll there worked general it are out 
forms of blocking and communication opening opening forms elsewhere are 
these kill parasitic, in they these conceivable elsewhere manner should 
why hold should life hold when life should when why currently useless, 
destroyed irrelevant, useless, touch, irrelevant, bad touch, currently 
meat hold bad destroyed form you you animals animals plants, plants, meat 
charred flesh, flesh, not not every thrust thrust into charred existence 
flesh, corruption corruption we we us us go go running empty empty running 
on running i else else i want i to want say to this say more this than 
more anything than i'm alive alive i'm desperate i'm get to out, this 
please out, keep please me keep don't learn learn don't let don't die me 
in die fashion, this still i have still so have much so know don't where 
know am i the in world the which world is which furious furious there's it 
it there's little there's room little for room me, for no, me, no there's 
sure i'm of sure i'd waters waters i'd kill i'd myself, kill just myself, 
add just a add flesh little every embers embers every living every species 
living dying, is nothing there's but nothing caught teeth teeth caught 
between caught two between worlds, two and teeth = empty fuel, no reserves 
reserves afraid am i'll afraid i've myself, worked i've out worked how out 
do to there elsewhere elsewhere there are there general are forms general 
blocking of communication blocking opening and these manner manner these 
parasitic, are they parasitic, conceivable every why destroyed destroyed 
why should why hold i life in when life currently i'm useless, form form 
useless, irrelevant, useless, touch, of bad touch, meat bad you me animals 
me plants, and charred plants, flesh, charred not why thrust every into 
thrust existence into corruption corruption we and us let go go running on 
empty i want to say this more than anything else i'm desperate get out, 
please keep me alive don't let die in fashion, still have so much learn 
know where am the world which is furious there's little room for me, no, 
no sure of it i'd kill myself, just add a flesh waters every living 
species dying, nothing but embers caught between two worlds, teeth and = 
fuel, reserves afraid i'll i've worked out how do there are general forms 
blocking communication opening elsewhere these parasitic, they conceivable 
manner why should hold life when currently destroyed useless, irrelevant, 
touch, bad meat form you animals plants, charred flesh, not thrust into 
existence corruption we us go



we've left los angeles, traveled to salt lake city by night to avoid the 
heat, at one point i blacked out momentarily, the car rumbled across the 
sound strip on the side of the road and all was well. we stopped a number 
of times at rest areas, but couldn't. what else, several 18-wheelers all 
over the road lane-jamming. the pass through the virgin river gorge and 
too-high speed. sickly waning moon. l.a. radio stations for the first 560 
miles. learned we never went to the moon and the world trade centers were 
exploded by the usual conspiracy group. thought of our useless games.
http://www.asondheim.org/uselessgames.mp4 and already wanting to turn 
around, head back to the promised land. we couldn't, we'd arrive nowhere, 
mouths of ashes trying to speak. narrowly avoided a jackrabbit and two 
mice. the useless games: dried bodies in the desert, scrub-sex, useless, 
no-sex at all, holes of ashes trying to fuck, the long winter of our 
discontent just around the corner


_



Art and experiment, vision of the PLAGUE


The IMAGE of three folding wooden rulers, German, millimeter rules:
PLACE these in a triangular configuration: two from the wall down,
one across the endpoints of the two. AS IF these formed an equilateral
triangle, however BROKEN by virtue of the WEIGHT of the wood, the
intrusion of the physico-inert into the virtual-inert of the static
euclidean WORLD.

I do not know or give their LENGTH.

Remnant of memory: Early 1970s Bykert Gallery NY show: collapsed hyper-
cube made from nylon cord - topological accuracy but disrupted per-
ception. The IDEAL held; the perceptual-real, i.e. constructed meaning,
collapsed. 

No progress now: This current work represents no progress whatsoever;
the theme is tackled with only the DISTINCTION: the topological is
trivial (a loop) or absent (an irrelevant loop). The MEASUREMENT is 
ANALOGIC, the ideal DIGITAL, a world of zero tolerance - well, perhaps
analogic as well.

Can this be? A zero-tolerance analogic world? A wave-equation collapse
or even rounding-off - that REWRITES the digital, INSERTS IT as 
permanent markers? Or rather, perhaps it is the zero-tolerance digital
world that REWRITES and analogic, REINSERTS within the analogic.

What of this REWRITE? I have often said: I write myself into existence.
I write myself out of existence. And ONLINE? See early Internet Text,
Nettext sections: Existence is equivalent to CONTINUOUS REWRITE; when
insertion ends (and this is insertion THROUGH the mediation of digital/
analogic means INTO the analogic WETWARE of the perceiving SUBJECT),
MEANING begins. 

The ANALOGIC measurement of the rulers, with WEIGHT and problematic or
rough TOLERANCE, is the measure of MEANING as well, coupled with the
idealized MIRRORING of the digital within the analogic (as if the 
analogic were a cast-off of the digital, or as if the digital were a 
cast-off of the analogic). 

The rulers, in their UNGAINLY stance, are a source of DIS/COMFITURE or
the DIS/EASE of GRAVITY. A straight-line bending, inconceivable! The
misplacement of tolerance: Unforgivable!

Yet this is what we are confronting in our cultural-political world 
today: digital laissez-faire and the bending of the analogic, as RULES, 
not rulers, are bent to meet every contingency: Let us, for example, 
over-develop this nation, these wetlands, this war, in the guise of the 
ABSOLUTE - of freedom, of god, of Capital. As with the Procrustean 
Bed: Cut off what doesn't fit! Purify at all costs! In this regard, the
future is always already cleared, cleansed, and ready for action.

(All development is over-development or under-development.)

Back in the Gallery: I will gather the rulers, take them with me across
the United States, sleeping, measuring only the unease of dreams. Four
of them, found in a small second-hand shop in Copperton, Utah, next to
the Bingham Copper Mine excavation, the largest human-made scar on the
face of the earth. Next time, the plague.


_


Subject: send out around May 14? - Rock essay for website (fwd)
2nd time around 1st time here



Rock


fuck this didn't go anywhere it's not sounded

be fame / Ashley Bickerton was having a show and Mary Boone said to me
that the artists were the rock stars today. Mary Boone was a student of
mine and opened the most famous 80s gallery in Soho and she still has a
gallery. I haven't seen Mary in years. Chris Frantz or was it Franz and
Tina Weymouth were students of mine. Al Wilson was a close friend of mine
until he was Canned Heat, sometimes I hear his goin down the highway or
was it another song I think he was called the owl then. We used to play
together. I tried to play with the Talking Heads when they were The
Artistics or was it the Artistics. Kathy Acker and I made a terrific tape
together. I was on the stage with Bob Dylan at Carnegie Hall but I was
really part of the audience. I knew Son House but not well. David Salle
told me his style wasn't my style or was my style not his style. I'm
desperate for fame, I'm a star fucker. I watched Vito Acconci and Laurie
Anderson swell into greatness and I used to call them Vito and Laurie and
I thought I was in love with Laurie when I was running around with Vito's
ex-wife. Don Munroe or was it Monroe was a student of mine and then ran
Andy Warhol's Fifteen Minutes on MTV. Nicole Miller the fashion designer
was a student of mine, so was the artist Tyler Stallings and I knew Marvin
Minsky slightly but not well enough to call him Marvin. I met Guattari in
Paris and I might have called him Felix, Mark someone who translated was
also there. I met Trinh Minh Ha and Gayatri Spivak at a friend's house at
different times. But back to the rock stars. My drummer was Rafi Zabor who
later wrote The Bear Comes Home and made a lot of money and got a lot of
attention why he was even on the radio. I heard the Ramones and of course
Talking Heads and Blondie from the very beginning but only the Talking
Heads or The Talking Heads knew me. Rock's got that edge that goes on and
off stage, it's furious, we're all lame walking around programming, it's a
different thing, not even like Coleman Hawkins. I met John Fahey who loved
my playing but didn't take the tape. I knew Bernie Stollman who took both
records. I heard Mel Lyman many times, maybe he had his cult then. Geoff
Muldaur too, but it was mainly Al Wilson. I was backstage at the Newport
Folk Festival with the blues guys. I was a city blues player, whatever
happened to Tim someone who was better but I was wilder. I. A. Richards
liked my freshman year poetry I wrote at Brown University. I lived with
Clark Coolidge and Aram Saroyan, but let's get back to rock, I knew Marty
Mull fairly well. This is the only real there is, the real that takes the
body, that names the body it takes. We're all going there, we're all
wanting furiously to go there, we'd drop everything else in an instant if
the doors were opened. I was within three feet of Janis Joplin at her
cafeteria concert at RISD. I knew a lot of artists but they were artists,
they weren't on stage. I still play guitar faster than anyone I know, but
it's weirder, avant-garde, and no one plays with me, I've gone solo. It's
my axe and I've had gigs. What about Maria Muldaur, she sent chills up
down my spine. I yelled at Derrida, he had a bevy of academia hangers-on
or I'd like to say hanger-ons. But I didn't envy Derrida the way I envied
Tina Weymouth, and I never will. For she had what he'd never had and
couldn't understand, why he'd fall flat trying to have it.

"Is it just a need to make an adolescent dream come true?" Adolescent
dreams are our last _true_ dreams, the furious sexual psycho emotional
onslaught we spend the rest of our lives recuperating. You're _in_ rock,
you're _in_ rockstar mode, or any _music_ mode that devours you. "Is it an
urge to become more pop(ular)?" No, it's got nothing to do with that
_thing_ which is always already elsewhere, that _thing_ that dominates as
you grow older, turns into finance, economy, that _thing_ that becomes a
matter/mass of calculation. It's inside, it's the movement of the body,
the _twitch,_ what happens to the marrow of the bone and mind. "To reach a
greater audience than the (net)art consumers?" To inhere that energy,
injest it, to _move_ with it as a _tree_ moves or a _demon_ moves, to fuck
god, not deny him or her or it, to swallow god, to turn the _thing_
upside-down. "Is it a throw at reintroducing pleasure in art producing?",
its dance is the dance of pleasure-production, it leaves you behind, it's
dragging the body with it, it's tethered to the body, it's exaltation, "Is
it about making the body on the screen?", there's _no body,_ there's no
_body,_ there's no _screen,_ there's no screen _memory,_ there's nothing
at work, there's nothing at play, the words take you away, the words wrest
you from them, "About taking control of the body of the word?", not on
_your life_ when the word grabs you with the knife, when your skin _sears_
Peter's rock, when ecstasy makes you hear and there ready for anything
that comes along, you swallow _anything,_ Jesus, Mary, Muhammed, Buddha,
Marx, you swallow _anything,_ Confucius, Derrida, Bush, idi Amin, Gandhi,
"Is it to escape from the emerging net art production patterns?" but what
patterns when your body can't do but the walk the walk can't do but the
talk the talk, it's not belief, "Is it because we believe 21st century
rock stars will emerge from the net?", it's not cause of belief, it's the
living sound of the world, the sound in which, as in every sound, the
sound in which _matter vibrates,_ in which you can only _hear the things
in the world,_ in which all existence is _the murmur of the world,_ and
you're doing it, you're doing it, you're doing it -

all tied up in star-fuck skein, in fuck-me-you skein, in fuck-you-me
skein, in terror-bombing-paradise skein, is sweet-talking pillow-soft
skein, in folded skein, stretched taut skein, in ready-to-break skein, in
crying-broken skein, in your skein-skin, in her skein-skin, in his
skein-skin,

when _I sing_ my body makes a noise, there's nothing else, just air that
does it, the air that lives me, it's that matter, it's all microsound, the
body's no beginning, no ending, a bridge or a structure, flesh and its
muffled motion, just as a wave is the wave of a grain, just as a particle
is the feel of its wave <

Anyway so is it this, the body/movement/fame/sex/langue/truth/teen/wave no
not at all, it's the plan-out screech-wave, it's the cool theory David
Byrnes wave, I couldn't play with him, I didn't hear the chords, I was
going elsewhere, a total fuckup failure, I wanted _it_ so bad I could
taste _it._

I use laptop, a lot of us do, it projects, you can get into it, sound/
projection, whatever, you can fuck up, you can't fuck up, it's all there,
it's the screen-world, it's confined by your patches, well whatever you've
done to it, whatever you've put _there_

like Diamanda Galas or Gallas how can I remember or Annie being a bad girl
or Clements tilted or the other where Shulgin makes the screen the star
and there's that economics again but it's after the fact, the spectators
are _moving_

There's a big split between construction constructibility, building the
grain-wave, and the flesh devouring, the grain-fuck wave-fuck, but they
cum together when the sound begins

but like when you play your axe and you're moving so fast and you lose
track of your arms your hands your fingers it's just the sound coming out
of you or being you but everywhere, no time to ask

"Why is there being rather than nothing?"

I want to _taste_ it, it's almost always 4/4 time, this constant _cutting_
into time, the other signatures are clever, superfluous, place half here,
half there, begin again, or cut, it doesn't have to be a half, just use
the haft of the axe, cut again, it can't go on forever, you hear around 22
notes/second or play that, of course they're exceptions,

old difference between Lydia Lunch and Janis Joplin living on or in
something spoken or sung

in any case "When you're doing it, you're _doing_ it."

fuck this didn't go anywhere it's not sounded out

(too _male_


what happened in salt lake city

http://www.asondheim.org/charred.mpg

please donate -

salt lake city nature tending towards dark

http://www.asondheim.org/dusk.mp4

please donate to hurricane relief if you already haven't
we gave to the ASPCA, animals need help too

thanks -



walking 75 feet of the oregon trail

http://www.asondheim.org/oregontrail.mpg
http://www.asondheim.org/org.mov

i walked 75 feet of the oregon trail


_


My Sister and I

Ah, dangerous fool, Elizabeth! While thou art running Paraguayan, I am 
left thy unguarded Fort, thy solitude, solicitude, there is no hope for 
me! The dusk of the World is my dusk, my loins ache for you, Ecce Homo! 
Pathetic that I'm am, yet this man is your man, Jena or not, Napoleon at 
the Gate. http://www.asondheim.org/volkswagen.mpg The Jew rises or falls 
by his philosophy, no matter in what guise. Stone-hard dreams break sleep. 
My Loins are useless, Dionysian, my Electric Pen, courtesy of Edison, 
speaks sharp words into punctured paper. Eternally returning, I Try On my 
philosophy, only to find it denuded, corrupted by nocturnal emissions, as 
your hard white breasts press against my brain. Levy will "translate" in 
the morning, and who is Levy? Perhaps an Other of the Levite race, I will
be let loose, left alone, violated by you, Elizabeth, whose cunt entices
me, Elizabeth, my obsession, let me drive you home.




my interpretation of what disaster means and net art.
there is always net art of the disaster.
http://www.asondheim.org/godslove.jpg
the failure of the network in new orleans: not us.
we have emblazoned the pattern. 
portraits appear at the least likely of circumstances.
every day something new while we travel west to east.
sunny days and not a cloud in sight, bang you're dead.
no deal! help is on the way. and one severed sentence
says it all [take this line out]
says nothing at all


_


the bee


this is difficult to explain. a small section of the original recording, 
around 2 p.m. at silver lake, utah (elevation around 7000'). the apparatus 
- vlf radio with six foot vertical antenna, minidisc recorder. anomaly: 
the ground stake didn't seem to connect properly; i grounded the radio by 
hand (i.e. touching the chassis).

the major sound: usual vlf 'static.' the major anomaly: the sound of a bee 
flying near the radio chassis / ground and antenna wires / my hand holding 
the ground. post-processing: the usual 80-100 db notch filter for 60 hz 
and harmonics. 

you can hear the sound of the bee, i.e. the wings of the bee. the bee is 
in the air, the wings are in the air. either the bee generates radio waves 
or the bee interferes with radio waves. the bee is not grounded, the air 
was dry, i.e. not moist.

why should one hear the sound of a bee without a microphone, with only a 
vlf antenna nearby?

later, a fly was heard as well, several times. and a smaller insect. but 
not some other insects (that flew by as well).

( now thousands of miles away, last night, i was stung by a bee. this is a 
warning. i am not to know: a. why bees interfere with radio waves. b. what 
bees communicate in certain circumstances. c. why the particular site of 
silver lake was chosen. d. why this hasn't been recorded elsewhere. 
perhaps the site was protected by the bees. revelation: the sting (which 
also of course killed the insect) was punishment. )

http://www.asondheim.org/slbee.mp3


_


The Burrows


"I could kill you for what you did to me, but you did it first."

Hey 
Bill,

Glad me.
you It's
finally hard
are to
hearing write
from here
me. without
It's a
hard Glad
to you
write finally
here are
without hearing
a 
from
head. much
Or of
for consciousness,
that but
matter, you
any know
much what
of I
consciousness, head.
but Or
know that
what matter,
I 
any
mean. to
We bits
all back
sliced then.
each I
other don't
bits you
back mean.
then. We
don't sliced
hold each
responsible, live
did got
want famous
life no
live responsible,
and but
got did
famous want
no life
one 
to
ever They're
heard looking
me the
again. boxes
They're of
looking letters
through and
the ever
boxes heard
letters me
notes mistake
left they've
behind got
- you.
little in
mistake a
they've you
you. behind
And -
in one
way glass
hope no
did, way
glass I
or hope
glass, that
taking -
pot what
shots you
at 
did,
party fucked
was up.
fucked And
up. you're
you're up.
You life
out junkie,
your you're
junkie, write
didn't 
me
you? as
No well
hears or
me, forgot,
might you?
as No
well one
be ever
dead, hears
forgot, I
am, little
you've crawling
those vermin
boys over
crawling your
like am,
vermin and
over got
body. Lee"
But and
years said
ago I'm
"Bill going
Lee" to
whatever But
said was
I'm years
going ago
get word
last even
word in
in, get
even the
rotten or
asshole. the
They 
last
worship in
Amerikkka they?
they? bunker
Fucking mentality.
bunker Whatever
mentality. worship
Whatever 
you
happened what
weed. to
could but
kill you
it 
first.


_



suburban analogic digital rule
http://www.asondheim.org/adadrule.mov
stepping out
"Art and experiment, vision of the PLAGUE"
in a soft setting
almost comfy, tolerance and tolerance
very easy to digest this work,
almost as if there are no pixels at all, 
just soft surfaces, 
the kindness of rulers


_

gumbo sludge


  katrina crossed the southern part of the state last night from east to 
west and is now out in the gulf of mexico suck com katrinas assault on 
washington middot oil fat cats vs hugo chavez middot is bush al qaedas 
useful idiot googled suck and came up with only one porn site in the top 
covering katrina the american leviathan covering katrina rehnquist 
resources html true with a far smaller marshland buffer zone to suck up 
katrinas ferocious storm surge new orleans is very definitely in harms way 
katrina pulled a southerly turn and i think the eye was hurricanes suck 
ass posted by val prieto at august pm trackback suck my blog is the 
greatest weblog on the internet sean penn tries to help katrina victims 
but his boat sinks awesome dude!  he even defended the administrations 
catastrophic response to katrina sadly clinton has been remarkably 
consistent when it comes to sucking up to k true he even defended the 
administrations catastrophic response to katrina sadly clinton has been 
remarkably consistent when it comes to sucking up to true all top lists 
suck and here are the top reasons why mindshare is ethereal re help 
katrina victims recent trackbacks code and coffee innhtm k true 
hematophagy in blood sucking insects katrina quinn en

  review article insect blood feeding impacts directly on human and 
animal health suck katrina hurricane katrina the fuck up which is 
hurricane katrina part iithe cover up saying on sunday a day before 
hurricane katrina made landfall uphp k true gutter to katrina fuck you 
tuesday september mobileoilrigunderbridgejpg were not inured to tragedy 
nor like certain of our friends at design katrina for fucking up my city 
im stuck on the otherside of the world and fuck you katrina yeah thank god 
everyone is ok because that is true this is a discussion forum powered by 
vbulletin to find out k true this is a discussion forum powered by 
vbulletin to find out pm

  fuck me katrina [ xxxxxxxxxx ] posts join date yes katrina is a bitch 
name and its relatively weak for forum topicid mesgid k true hes going to 
fuck up handling the katrina disaster [view all] who gives a flying fuck 
what the polls say screamed at a vegaswolf

  fucking times as many people died from katrina only then would you 
finally have reached half the death toll as the i dont think i would fuck 
katrina or any of the waves but id certainly enjoy making out with one of 
them just to say thanks p k true bush and katrinaechidne of the snakes 
reports that on good morning un fucking beleivable posted by travy on 
september at

  pm fuck katrina at done on thu sep sucking water from flooded city 
deputy chief says new orleans president clinton that government failed the 
people in the aftermath of katrina topstories k true pumps sucking water 
from flooded city deputy chief says new orleans # completely destroyed# 
cut the katrina red tape lott says us k true pumps sucking water from 
flooded city deputy chief says new orleans # completely destroyed# katrina 
chaos drives officer to suicide 
topbusinessfinancialservicesventurecapitalnewsandmedia red herring true 
viable by sucking oil out of the ground like a soda straw or a syringe 
spam and phishing scams try to capitalize on the hurricane katrina tragedy 
on line version of professional magazine news and reviews focusing on 
technology analysis and research investor oriented liberty post the 
publicity sucking benefiting liberals god bless all the victims of katrina 
well stated lets especially pray for mike brown innhtm k true hematophagy 
in blood sucking insects katrina quinn en

  review article insect blood feeding impacts directly on human and animal 
health html k true (article ) a week after hurricane katrina the levee 
break that caused much of the pumps sucking water from flooded city (cnn 
words)  uckingsoundphp k true hear that sucking sound email this entry 
print this entry posted by ben compaine watching katrina from your xbox 
from the bay area is talking true review why an infant might be sucking on 
her fists and fingers even though she was getting enough to eat 
bbasicarticlecmgarticlecid path k true much of the problem is not in 
sucking crude oil out of the ground katrina# s greatest impact appears to 
have been on the refiners eight of the nation# s sucking katrina judge by 
todays white house briefing katrina is the new rove you may hate his 
politics but you cant deny his style was pretty fucking sweet a blend of 
gossip and satire and things the author makes up katrina the fuck up which 
is hurricane katrina part iithe cover up saying on sunday a day before 
hurricane katrina made landfall katrina for fucking up my city im stuck on 
the otherside of the world and fuck you katrina yeah thank god everyone is 
ok because that is not fucking around filed under researchmaterial 
warrenellis @ pm bbc middot cosmos comments are closed true this is a 
discussion forum powered by vbulletin to find out fuck is wrong with 
parents these fucking days gilligan dies today and gets overshadowed by 
the aftermath of katrina pm

  fuck me katrina [ xxxxxxxxxx ] posts join date yes katrina is a bitch 
name and its relatively weak for fucking times as many people died from 
katrina only then would you finally have reached half the death toll as 
the fucking katrina


_


roosons.


oo oo oo oo roosons.oo Thosoo procossoo osoo constont;oo toooo mochoo osoo 
otoo stokooo tooo ollowoo thooo 'ortofocool'oo notorooo onoo thooo formoo 
ofoo oqooroomsoo oroo zoos,oo trodotoonoloo 19th-oo goodbyooo oldoo 
froondsoo ondoo now!oo goodbyooo nowoo froondsoo ondoo old!oo goodbyooo 
goodbyo!oo goodbyooo goodbyo!oo ofoo ooo yoongoo womonoo porfoctlyoo 
fromodoo byoo thooo stodoooo doorwoyoo gorgontoo,oo commodoooo dol'orto,oo 
propostoroosoo boffoons,oo pooroo onoo onyoo coso.oo thooo rosoltoo wosoo 
ooo 2oo 1/2oo monotooo soorcooo foroo thooo mp3.oo o'moo Hollywood.oo 
Thooo ghostsoo ofoo thooo Rodoo Coroo lonooo worooo ovorywhoro.oo Ooo 
notocodoo ooo doogonoloo swothoo cotoo ocrossoo Hollywood/Wostoo 
Hollywoodoo -oo ooo scoroo ofoo postoo pobloc

oo oo oo oo *oo Wostornoo Dostroct:oo Hollywood,oo Borbonk/Glondolo,oo 
Sonoo Fornondooo Volloy,oo whochoo olsooo tookoo ovoroo thooo romoonongoo 
strootcoroo lonosoo ofoo thooo soccossoroo ofoo thooo swooroo byoo thosoo 
osoo onooo ofoo thomoo thooo bookoo covorsoo onoo thooo osooloo 'hocksoo 
'oo ovoryoo yoooo hovooo ooo bottoroo onooo ondoo congoolsoo morksoo wooo 
don'too hovooo tomooo foroo thos!oo wooo orooo toooo smolloo onoo thooo 
cosmosoo ondoo toooo ovoryonooo soysoo thotoo olloo thooo tomooo ooo 
hovon'too ooo cloooo obootoo thooo whotoo ooo fondoo ooo noodoo tooo 
knowoo osoo oftonoo onoo thooo botoo thooo projoctoo ofoo thooo bookoo 
hosoo thooo doskoo ottondsoo lowoo mornongsoo ondoo hoghoo noonsoo -oo 
onoo {oo hollooo goodbyooo ploosooo comooo onoo Wo'lloo lookoo otoo thooo 
mop,oo wo'vooo boonoo thorooo boforooo Domnoo otoo O'moo goongoo mochoo 
tooo yoooo conoo soooo ofoo yoooo lookoo closolyoo thooo cotoo thotoo 
lovosoo onoo thooo nowoo roonodoo thooo gooso=stoppongoo govooo mooo 
cholls.oo ooo wolloo stopoo soonoo ondoo ooo wolloo tolkoo obootoo thosoo 
workoo yoo'lloo soooo onoo ondoo ootoo jostoo foroo ooo socondoo goodbyooo 
goodbyooo ondoo lotor,oo wooo hovooo olloo modooo modofoodoo loopoo 
ontonnooo sognoloo ofoo poworoo grodoo olloo toooo oosy;oo somooo sognsoo 
govooo orongooo olort,oo whotovor,oo nooghborhoodongoo norcossosmoo 
Myookooo nooghborhoodongoo Myookooo nooghborhoodongoo noorophysoologoosoo 
Norooo nojonskyoo nootzschooo nooghborhoodongoo NYCoo nootzschooo nokokooo 
ontologoosoo nokokooo foofwooo fongorboordoo pnoomosphorooo ployntoo 
phontosmsoo postmodornotyoo pnoomosphorooo poolongsoo gostorollyoo 
foofwooo fongorboordoo gropoo gonodontotyoo gogobytosoo hoooo gostorollyoo 
Googlooo Googlooo bloggongoo bookshopsoo promordoolsoo poolongsoo 
Prospocooo psychoonolytocsoo postmodornotyoo roolspocooo bookshopsoo 
boshodooo Bothoo grootoo bloooo horonsoo ondoo snowyoo ogrotsoo dooo 
foodoo doncos,oo storrongoo opoo thooo othoroo foot,oo shokongoo thooo 
sodomontoo looso.oo Thorooo orooo twooo tochnoqoos;oo bothoo confosoon.oo 
Morooo food,oo botoo ooo grootoroo onorgyoo oxpondotorooo whochoo 
boloncosoo oot.oo ropootodoo throooo oroo fooroo tomosoo onoo ooo rowoo 
osoo thooo foodoo osoo horroodoo olong.oo O'vooo lokolyoo shokonoo 
looso.oo Thooo jobbongoo osoo forocooosoo ondoo rhythmoc.oo Nowoo olloo 
ofoo thooo loftoo oroo roghtoo foot;oo wothoo thooo snowyoo ogrots,oo 
thooo dovosoonoo ofoo loboroo whochoo olsooo onvolvodoo whotoo Ooo thonkoo 
mostoo booo thooo roghtoo footoo slowlyoo movongoo donosoors,oo thorooo 
osoo ooo goodoo possobolotyoo thotoo whotoo ovonoo wooo moghtoo concodooo 
osoo coltoroloo oxostodoo onoo ogosoo romotooo fromoo ooroo own.oo Whonoo 
wooo lookoo otoo bords,oo wooo occordongly,oo ondoo brotolly.oo Otoo osoo 
toooo lotooo tooo glompsooo onythongoo botoo thooo lottlooo whochoo roomoo 
don'too foroo sorooo mo,oo ofoo no,oo thoro'soo sorooo o'doo otoo foroo 
ofoo mo,oo otoo thoro'soo lottlooo thoro'soo roomoo lottlooo foroo roomoo 
mo,oo foroo no,oo mo,oo nooo thoro'soo knowoo whorooo omoo thooo worldoo 
whochoo osoo forooosoo thoro'soo lottlooo roomoo foroo mo,oo no,oo 
too-hoghoo spood.oo socklyoo wonongoo moon.oo l.o.oo rodoooo stotoonsoo 
foroo thooo forstoo 560oo molos.oo loornodoo wooo novoroo wontoo tooo 
thooo moonoo ondoo thooo worldoo trodooo contorsoo worooo Thooo OMOGOoo 
ofoo throooo foldongoo woodonoo rolors,oo Gormon,oo mollomotoroo rolos:oo 
troonglo,oo howovoroo BROKONoo byoo vortoooo ofoo thooo WOOGHToo ofoo 
thooo wood,oo thooo trovooloo (ooo loop)oo oroo obsontoo (onoo 
orrolovontoo loop).oo Thooo MOOSOROMONToo osoo booo fomooo /oo Oshloyoo 
Bockortonoo wosoo hovongoo ooo showoo ondoo Moryoo Boonooo soodoo tooo 
mooo thotoo thooo ortostsoo worooo thooo rockoo storsoo todoy.oo Moryoo 
Boonooo wosoo ooo stodontoo ofoo myoo ployongoo botoo dodn'too tokooo 
thooo topo.oo Ooo knowoo Bornoooo Stollmonoo whooo tookoo bothoo Moldooroo 
too,oo botoo otoo wosoo moonlyoo Oloo Wolson.oo Ooo wosoo bockstogooo otoo 
thooo Nowportoo Clorkoo Coolodgooo ondoo Oromoo Soroyon,oo botoo lot'soo 
gotoo bockoo tooo rock,oo Ooo knowoo Mortyoo thooo doorsoo worooo 
oponod.oo Ooo wosoo wothonoo throooo footoo ofoo Jonosoo Joplonoo otoo 
horoo notoo otoo oll,oo ot'soo thooo plon-ootoo scrooch-wovo,oo ot'soo 
thooo cooloo thooryoo Dovodoo (toooo _molo_oo wooo govooo tooo thooo 
OSPCO,oo onomolsoo noodoo holpoo toooo Oh,oo dongoroosoo fool,oo 
Olozoboth!oo Wholooo thoooo ortoo ronnongoo Porogooyon,oo Ooo omoo booo 
lotoo looso,oo loftoo olono,oo voolotodoo byoo yoo,oo Olozoboth,oo whosooo 
contoo ontocosoo -oo vlfoo rodoooo wothoo soxoo footoo vortocoloo 
ontonno,oo monodoscoo rocordor.oo onomoly:oo hoordoo lookongoo lookongoo 
lottorsoo osofoloo odootoo googlodoo sockoo ondoo comooo opoo wothoo 
onlyoo onooo pornoo sotooo onoo thooo topoo homotophogyoo onoo bloodoo 
sockongoo onsoctsoo kotronooo qoonnoo on

oo oo rovoowoo ortoclooo onsoctoo bloodoo foodongoo ompoctsoo doroctlyoo 
onoo homonoo ondoo roportsoo thotoo onoo goodoo mornongoo onoo fockongoo 
boloovoblooo postodoo byoo trovyoo on

oo oo pmoo fockoo kotronooo otoo donooo onoo thooo sopoo sockongoo wotoroo 
fromoo floododoo cotyoo fromoo floododoo cotyoo dopotyoo choofoo soysoo 
nowoo orloonsoo #oo complotolyoo dostroyod#oo floododoo cotyoo dopotyoo 
choofoo soysoo nowoo orloonsoo #oo complotolyoo dostroyod#oo kotronooo 
onoo bloodoo sockongoo onsoctsoo kotronooo qoonnoo on

oo oo rovoowoo ortoclooo onsoctoo bloodoo foodongoo ompoctsoo doroctlyoo 
onoo homonoo ondoo onomoloo brookoo thotoo coosodoo mochoo ofoo thooo 
pompsoo sockongoo wotoroo fromoo floododoo cotyoo (cnn


_


- - - - fields


- - - - fields - - - - e night fields was was - - was was hiss with - - - 
- - hiss several tree - - frogs antennas two several two receivers - 
ghosts - receivers susquehanna - of - ghosts - - susquehanna 
http://www.asondheim.org/fields11.jpg 
http://www.asondheim.org/fields07.jpg - 
http://www.asondheim.org/fields13.jpg - - - 
http://www.asondheim.org/fields11.jpg - - 
http://www.asondheim.org/fields13.jpg game i - mediation played of i game 
i worried mediation existence the worried - world for of existence of the 
- the beautiful the - world dancing are the are listening - & to listening 
stars my blown i & i will stars i hide will - and will dashes i dashes 
separate - the the separate - truth truth the -

- - - - - - - - e b e - fields night night the with furious furious - 
chirps - lightning auroral - - hiss frogs tree tree antennas and antennas 
crickets - and two and - - - of furious! of - the - - - - 
http://www.asondheim.org/fields07.jpg 
http://www.asondheim.org/fields07.jpg - - - - - - - - played i i of the of 
- representation - i - world the the for into for - you azure of azure 
world beautiful beautiful dancing and dancing - world you are you my to to 
blown death blown - among - i - and hide hide will disguise, will - 
masquerade these dashes these truth the the truth from truth -

- the - - - fields - - the - e was - furious was e auroral was night hiss 
was - - with tree - - - - - and - antennas receivers frogs receivers - 
antennas the receivers two - receivers of - - - 
http://www.asondheim.org/fields07.jpg of - - - - - - - - - i - 
representation - - - - of worried played worried the of you worried i 
azure worried for the world the beautiful for world beautiful of you 
beautiful dancing to world listening to dancing among to are - to blown 
hide my will hide blown will hide - these hide i the and separate the will 
truth the these the the truth truth

- truth - - truth - - - was - e with - with furious b lightning night the 
- night - frogs was frogs tree chirps crickets - hiss receivers - antennas 
- - - - and - receivers and - two of - receivers 
http://www.asondheim.org/fields07.jpg 
http://www.asondheim.org/fields07.jpg furious! 
http://www.asondheim.org/fields13.jpg - - - - - played - i i - mediation - 
- worried - of world - the world the - worried - the i for world worried 
beautiful world into - the - listening of the my the to my and stars 
listening - will are & and listening hide and death - hide - separate i i 
truth will the truth disguise, - the - separate the separate from


_


a sample of the original recording accompanying the photographs
sun's doing stuff at the moment
http://www.asondheim.org/fields4section.mp3
every sound an origin and primordial i'm sure of it
i'm so tired just listen to the music


_


Childhood home of David Bohm


Childhood home of David Bohm, Wilkes-Barre, PA (my hometown as well). 
David lived above the furniture store in the photograph. A next-door 
neighbor told us that the store had been resold in the early 50s to 
someone currently living in Mountaintop. I don't know if the current 
owner is related.

We were also told that the building next to the furniture store was a 
combination house and mission; the former built in 1847, and the mission 
at the beginning of the 20th century. The front porch has been enclosed 
because the neighborhood has become dangerous, and the stained-glass 
windows in the surrounding houses have been stolen; his are now behind an 
outer wall.

The furniture store is at 410 Hazel St. 

Bohm is one of the originators of the theory of hidden variables in 
quantum mechanics; he had a large effect on Bell, among others. His work 
on the implicate order continues to influence, and the work he was engaged 
on before he died, prespace, is still at the forefront of QM research. See 
http://www.philosphere.com/article29.html?&MMN_position=31:2

http://www.asondheim.org/DBhome.jpg


_


the vision of dawn and the chorus of dawn

there are deer in the river, eleven blue herons
i am glad i am alive to see this
the singing and the mourning of the world

http://www.asondheim.org/chorusa.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/chorusb.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/chorusc.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/chorusd.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/choruse.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/chorusf.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/dawnchorus.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/dawnchorusb.mp3

my father lives alone in a large house in a small town
my mother died five years ago
at ninety-one he's moving slowly, he wouldn't
be able to climb, here in the chorus of the dawn
the early morning of the blue deer, the blue deer

cursed be the god that brings so much death and beauty


==

to see this or this or this, i must record everything
before my father is gone, before i am gone

last night azure was sleeping, i moved close to her,
snuggled, the world calmed for just a moment, death
at least another day away

the day i die she will rise up
the day i die she will rise up
the day i die she will sleep
the day i die she will sleep


==

my philosophy will teach me the unbearable

http://www.asondheim.org/chorusa.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/chorusb.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/chorusc.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/chorusd.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/choruse.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/chorusf.jpg

i will learn to listen to the beginnings and endings of the world

http://www.asondheim.org/dawnchorus.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/dawnchorusb.mp3


====


the mad dash - -

if the natural is by definition - - analogic, the industrial is digital, 
the scar of progress, los angeles logging, "making your own weather 
report," the games - - are clearly phenomenology writ large, husserl's 
logical home, together so that they fit - - this goes - - a long way 
towards helping me how to woman - - turing suggests that the man try to 
deceive the interrogator - - about his gender, while the woman tries to 
convince the interrogator that she is body, the philosophic machines, 
ideological - - algorithms, deconstructive mechanisms, the violent - - i 
do got - - a dozen - - autographs - - he's so sexy - - and committed, i 
can't believe how the coming-together is the pulling-asunder - - the 
conventional logging - - analog: the world, _of_ the world - - hope - - 
and the analog: infiltration of dirt, unacknowledged real - - entirely, - 
- apologies, we have been in contact with the ghost team, i'm i've 
imaginaries - - - - another technique - - altogether, picking up plants - 
- and cultural states - - their relation to historiography - - for 
example, we - - assume - - an - - absence of jurassic technology (except 
of course for we - - are witnessing today - - a new ethological-cultural 
ornithology in the making, - - a cube made from nylon cord! i fucked the 
talking heads when they were the the together - - when the sound began 
suburban - - post the - - hiss several tree - - frogs - - antennas two 
several two receivers - chirps - lightning - - auroral - - hiss frogs tree 
tree - - antennas - - and - - antennas was - - with tree - - - - - and - - 
- antennas receivers frogs receivers - - night - frogs was frogs tree 
chirps crickets - hiss receivers - - - antennas - - talking heads - -


_


The Mournful and Whining Encounter


First - I never did get any TA help at all; is there any chance this will
change? The area needs both tech support on an on and off basis, and a TA
who would also be a lab monitor. I will give out the password, as we
talked about, but I'm not completely comfortable with this; still, I don't
see any other possibility. As in the past, we'll have a signup sheet and
students can come in when they want. (I do want to note for the record
that every media room I've seen has had both lab monitor and full-time or
part time tech (sysadmin) help - if we do anything more than graphics or
video (and we need to upgrade here - have to use the department credit
card to pay online once someone wires the computers in), the latter is
essential. Even 2-3 hours every two weeks would be an enormous help.)

Second - as far as (from what I recall yesterday) the students finding me
depressed - I _am_ depressed. It's difficult for me, as a new faculty
member here only a month, to have to deal with things like a roof, floor,
and biohazardous materials, no TA, and a lot of student complaints about
equipment. When I was told I'd have to build up the area, I never assumed
it was literally from construction onward. As I mentioned, it's been far
too much work, considering I'm also teaching, trying to research equipment
for the area, etc.

Someone said we might be able still to hire adjuncts? Is there a freeze
also on this? Working with someone who is a Mac/Flash expert would be a
huge relief to the area. What I'm expert in - Internet studies, the Net,
etc. - simply isn't set up, as you know, in 105. I'm hoping we can hire
IRM to configure the Mac computers to connect to the Net through the phone
line - that should be possible? (For some reason I couldn't get them to
work - I have a Mac here at home and it connected immediately.)

Third, I wrote Satan about the vendor situation - do you know any
creative way around purchase orders? There are huge discounts in the
retail shops (I went to Circuit City and Comp USA a few times to research
this, as well as some smaller retailers); if we have to order through
official channels, we're likely to get a lot less equipment for the $4000.

Again, any help/advice greatly appreciated. I'll be in tomorrow around
noon (meeting with Stephen Heins from another dept.) and will check on the
room again at that point (as well as today); in other words, I'll be in
and out of the university tomorrow and possibly Monday.

yours, Alan

Sounds good; I called God and am waiting to hear from him.

Impatience unfortunately is built into what you want from me. For example,
as you know, the university can't fix the camera. This is the one camera
we have for all 20 students - who now have to wait until we can get it
commercially fixed. And I have to explain this to the students - and I
will have to field complaints. (It's already been out for two weeks.)

Did a TA ever come through for us? We desperately need one, but I haven't
heard back from you on this.

All of this is really disenheartening. I should be focusing, I believe, on
teaching and trying to settle in Miami, and instead there seem to be con-
stant difficulties with the multimedia area.

Anyway I will not be aggressive with God or anyone else.

yours, Alan

Does this mean I'm in danger of losing my job at the moment? I absolutely
need to know, because if it's the case, I have to start making other plans
of course -

yours, Alan

Hello - I was the faculty member from new media you met at the luncheon.

As you probably know, my position, my job (as first-year tenure-track
faculty member), and the new media area have all been eliminated.

I understand there is no recourse, no appeal to this decision. The Dean
called me in and handed me a termination notice. There was no discussion,
and at no time during the semester did he bother to find out what we were
doing in the studio.

Art departments all over the country are EMPHASIZING, not cutting back new
media; this is even true in Florida. The situation at FIU is deplorable -
the students are quite honestly being robbed of working in what is the
hottest and most prevalent international medium today.

As for myself - if you do a search on http://www.google.com - you will
find at last 3500-4000 listings for "Alan Sondheim" (use the quotes to
exclude other references). This will give you some idea of my online
community presence and reputation - which I was bringing to FIU.

As for my relationships within the department - for the first half of the
semester (I arrived around August 15), they were very edgy; I was
"whiny" and quite honestly depressed - and the students knew it. I was
teaching in substandard space, with no finished floor (cement with glue),
with no ceiling (tin roof), and air conditioner (not working); there were
termite droppings on the equipment, dead lizards and waterbugs in the
space, and both white and black powders over everything - probably insec-
ticides. After considerable complaining, we got a drop ceiling put in
(there are probably still termites above it - this is W10, RM 105),
flooring put down, the room cleaned - including biohazard testing, and the
air-conditioner working. But this took a tremendous amount out of me, the
department, and the class - and in spite of that my students did profes-
sional work (for the most part), and I received very good evaluations from
them.

And on top of this - to be terminated at this point, to have the whole
area closed down - this is intolerable, particularly given what you passed
out - the university mandate. I had hoped to help several of my students
towards online and offline exhibitions by the end of this semester - this
is blatantly unfair to them as well.

I am well aware this letter will do absolutely no good, but I found the
luncheon was not a good time to bring this all up, and it wasn't until the
next day that I received the termination notice.

sincerely,

Alan Sondheim

Of course I won't be teaching this summer, etc.; I also won't be advising
at this point.

I'll be going to the student crits, etc., but I will use the faculty meet-
ing time for working on job applications, etc. I'm not getting anywhere,
but I've been working the whole vacation on this stuff. We'll have a
furniture etc. sale in mid-April and leave after that. I'm going to go to
Human Resources next week to find out about TIAA/CREF, health and unem-
ployment, etc. etc. It's a very depressing time.

I'm going to be working with two students outside of class (I think) - one
will be doing a one-credit course, and Jehovah is the other. If there are
any difficulties, I'll get in touch with Beezlebub.

I cancelled out of the Sorbonne (and England - I was also asked to speak
there); I'm going to Minnesota late February for a few days, but that's
all. The courses will work around that.

Hope your holidays are good -

yours, Alan

I just wanted to add a few things.

Although it's technically irrelevant, I was told verbally I'd get startup
monies for the department area (new media) - none came through.

I'm really not sure why the position was terminated. Two reasons - budget 
and the fact the Dean didn't think I'd stay the whole time and "the 
university's investment in the position wouldn't pay off" make little 
sense to me in a lot of ways. I have reason to think there was something 
else - someone hinted at it - but I don't know what it is. It may be that 
I had an argument with the Devil early on and asked if I would be able to 
take the startup equipment with me if I left in a year or two. According 
to Evil One I said that I was definitely leaving after one year "and 
everyone heard me." But I didn't say that, Angel was there and didn't hear 
it, and I wouldn't have said it. I was despairing at that point of teach- 
ing altogether, because as I pointed out the room I was given was in 
terrible disrepair (as was/is a lot of the equipment) - and Evil kept 
insisting "I knew what I was getting into" - that I was told everything 
during the interview. But I wasn't - I had no idea about the termites, the 
flooding, the broken air-conditioner, the ripped-up flooring, the lack of 
a ceiling... The job was a mess at first. I have before-and-after pictures 
of the room - we did manage over two months to get it repaired - but we 
also lost around a month's studio time for my classes in the process....

I can't follow through on any of this because I don't want to lose my
recommendations/references - I'm applying for other jobs.

Most of the time I try and stay level; I have a huge amount of anger in
me. I told the Dean the university should never have advertised the job,
and if they did, I would try and write everyone I know to stop the hiring.
I knew the last finalist very well for example. I feel bound to do this -
and do whatever I can - because at this point I'm feeling basically raped
- it's the only way I can put it. I'm 58, one of the oldest people in the
department, and it was a HUGE move for Azure (my wife) and I to come down
here. Right now it's catastrophic, affecting my health, etc.

Anyway the Dean said if I wrote anything it would affect his letter of
recommendation "of course" - I said I would never ask him for one, and he
said that the Deans are always consulted. I don't think this is true in
the slightest, but I need the letter from Evil One - she gave me one
already, but if she's called on it, I have to appear positive to her.

Another one of the promises - Angel is young and wants to study museology
- I was told at the interview that there would be a certification program
with the Smithsonian. As soon as we were here we were told it was
postponed - and now I don't know if it's ever going to happen. Angel has
had nothing to do as a result vis-a-vis the university. This may seem
minor, but we were told in absolute terms that the program was in place.
There was a lot of this stuff.

Sorry to vent like this. If you need specific information, I can supply
it, to the best of my knowledge. The paper trail is thin; the email trail
is a bit thicker, but a lot of what's gone on has been verbal. I've
taught, often as a visiting artist, at a number of other places, and I've
never had reason to distrust any of them - unfortunately this hasn't been
my experience here.

yours,

Alan Sondheim

I'll try to make all the crits. I have to apply for work elsewhere at this
point and there are a lot of deadlines in January/February. Please excuse
me if I don't make every one. This semester is going to be difficult for
Angel and myself; the termination of the job and area has been finanically
and emotionally devastating for us. The union has taken an interest, but
this doesn't affect my termination; they want to try and ensure this sort
of thing (i.e. first year tenure-track) won't happen again.

I worry about the art / art history department. Forgetting whether or not
I'm liked, the elimination of the new media area is terrible - if you look
at the CAA listings, this area is becoming one of the most important in
schools all across the country/Canada. Given this, and the problems with
the student gallery, I'm surprised that tenured faculty aren't protesting
(again). The school has some of the best undergraduates I've seen - What
am I to tell my students who might want to major in new media? My only
option is to suggest they go elsewhere if they really want to pursue, say,
Internet studies, cdroms, etc. And that's awful.

I want to thank those of you who have given us letters of recommendation
and emotional support through all of this. It's been very difficult.

- Alan

I'm sending this out, somewhat for protection. I have told my students
about what happened - I felt I owed them this - and that the new media
area of the school is closing down - what Satan said when he termin-
ated my contract. Now the head of the department is insisting I not pass
on negative information, that the area will continue. This woman has also
written a letter of recommendation for me which will be required, I'm
sure, if I'm to be hired elsewhere. She's lied consistently to me, as far
as I'm concerned; she wants me to lie to the students. Fact: There's no
one to teach new media, no money for hiring even adjuncts. Fact: There's
only one video camera still, 2 G4 stations, one half-working Sony station
- and I have a total of  26 students. Fact: There's no budget for more
equipment, the new media line has been taken away, there's no budget for
visiting artists, there's no budget for software. I spend half the time
dealing with students groaning - in spite of which I get good recommend-
ations. There's no budget for technical support. There's no budget for
lab monitors. The students are barely getting an education, and I'm the
only one who can teach new media or Internet in the Art / Art History
area. I'm afraid of lying; I don't want my better students to lose their
own chances at careers because the department head puts the university
ahead of the truth.

This woman has also threatened me, telling me I don't want to know what
the real reasons for the termination are - "Don't go there" - and "I'm
married to a lawyer, so I know when to keep my mouth shut."

How in hell am I to get another teaching job? I've been getting physically
sick with stress at this point; I can't cope. I feel like a victim in
someone's paranoid fantasy. I've spoken to the union who want to publicize
things (and probably will) because the situation is so unusual (and they
want to prevent it from happening again) - but that will make it even
harder for me to get work elsewhere, student evaluations notwithstanding.
I keep a partial paper trail, but so much of what's gone on has been
verbal - the meeting with the Satan, the woman's threats, etc. I've never
seen such an insane situation in my life.

What does one do? I'm a damn good teacher. I'm applying to various
schools. The first thing they'll notice is the one year termination. How
do I protect myself? How do I survive?

Alan

I am writing you to ascertain the reasons for my contract termination. I
understand my situation is unusual, and I need to find out why I was let
go at such an early date.

Thank you very much for your help in this matter.

Sincerely yours,

Alan Sondheim


_
