

being or beings, Being or Beings

being or beings, Being or Beings
hence and henceforth, subject and subjectivity
digits and digital, turn and turnabout
split and splitting, there and thereupon
surge and surgery, prom and promontory
dark and darkling, clot and clothing
chair and chairwoman, char and charmed
mud and mudra, floor and floored
tabled and tabled, tab and tabulated
will and willing, ill and illness
more and moreover, endorphin, end

http://www.asondheim.org/vibrate2.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/ largescanner series - go to URL scroll down
to largescanner -

existential temporal moment digitally sliced into static substance/scene




TOMBSTONE


why can't i live forever?
why can't this song go on forever?
depression is already death

already a member? can't wants live is . to why depression forever who i 
nice has more forever: suggests that research lyrics. no also such

as cant just thing there clone transfer my into its brain when and im grow 
old body this song on

go stand light show day, way 
the home, glenn, me titles of beginning lo look with glen go, 
you hess, once [out scope] losers 
win, bennie johnny before ramistella cut fo ; 
howard crockett, day after, tom sentimental in mood can 

see clear it. music type dreams, his sweet cheeks another standout from 
band seemlessly by views. forever) dance manages fall boy, down,

dance, tell goin out can`t death birth cells hand, other activated be or 
pharmacological sad environmental anyone, might but teenager, are 
frightening coping mental

changes 

physical really chances event double death, patients were appears treated 
for being illnesses isnt

inducing treatment abortion 

itself? enough not drug those heart hemorrhaging disease caused study 
began, had deaths higher risk tied (january , tripled subjects

major true depression. increase may because was blamed boy north carolina. 
early s

wednesday, weakened 
alberto tropical storm over depression, helplessness: development, 


was a member of 'walkers in darkness'



the basin of our lives, our concavity, neither internal nor an extension, 
we're here, there, miniscule, only our loss the richness, fecundity of 
world and information time and time again, sheaves of time, of which, just 
this text or view or this reading, death coming, infinitude of details 
gone forever, slightest creatures, of which we, communalities, surface one 
or once or not at all, our unknowingness, rot envisaged in the corpse of 
the other, our selves worn like teeth come the death of how many, the 
moment after, no longer there, your glance invisible, words unheard, touch 
receding down your long corridor, the room the same, view from window, 
slough of air, this body no long with basin, with concavity, the thing, 
what will you do with it, what will be done with it

http://www.asondheim.org/quantum.mp4

the basin of our lives, our concavity, neither internal nor an extension, 
we're here, there, miniscule, only our loss the richness, fecundity of 
world and information time and time again, sheaves of time, of which, just 
this text or view or this reading, death coming, infinitude of details 
gone forever, slightest creatures, of which we, communalities, surface one 
or once or not at all, our unknowingness, rot envisaged in the corpse of 
the other, our selves worn like teeth come the death of how many, the 
moment after, no longer there, your glance invisible, words unheard, touch 
receding down your long corridor, the room the same, view from window, 
slough of air, this body no long with basin, with concavity, the thing, 
what will you do with it, what will be done with it



issue of implicit abstraction returns, almost like a stain or residue. In 
by the testicular, the former a stain upon the shaft of it, see that stain 
turning sleazy panties, your stain grows larger, my Lightning's chipped 
plate. Lightning's stain and the murmur of thunder, sexuality, the stain 
or residue of inscription, the transformation of text _elsewhere_ of that 
logic, the stain implied by the sheffer-stroke itself to the evacuation of 

http://www.asondheim.org/stain.mp4

the real. Jennifer is thinking sleazy about her philosophy of immensity, 
the stain all in the breadth of a stain on a minor planet. But I made the 
angel fuck dirty panties Names roll off the tongue, stain the air 
tentative; the signified is recuperated as a stain against a backdrop of 
the virtual, stain the wires with my presence, search planetary context, 
panties, your stain grows larger, my stain on my conscience, stain in your 
world, see that stain turning sleazy panties, your stain grows larger, my 
portal. her labia are portal to the sacrifice. stain her. the woman's are 
platform for the sacrificial altar. stain him. are woman's lower parts 
imagine being sleazy a stain on your wall viral crawl through in my lurid 
dream i'm against one another - so that what remains is the stain or 
residue of they want; i'm empty inside: stain of my loose arms around Your 
nervous stain of their loose strings around my neck dirty panties is in my 
catatonic stain of my loose arms around their necks Devour nervous stain 
of their loose strings around my neck dirty panties alan is a character 
but alan is also a stain or residue, almost always is a character but alan 
is also a stain or residue, almost always alan "defuge" you stain yourself 
following sleazy paths to old lurid defuge you stain earth, earth heaving 
sleazy against the stain of the surface - these leaves me, little wet 
thing, stain of past and future memory. Beneath the rod smudge or shadow 
across the real, the stain always already of someone words a stain or 
membrane, the shadow or the stain of a voice; mute, it says everything. 
Your across the stain of broken limbs. Here _GaL-GaL_ turns, splayed open 
and lurid depth of the pen on paper. It's the stain or residue of the 
same. It's the lurid depth of the pen on paper it's the stain or residue 
of the same, lorelei plunging sleazy into the sea, now see, red stain on 
the waters on the sheets, perfume leaves its stain on the nipples, across 
the chest,


Story

Who have you ever heard her call? Do you swear to tell the truth, the 
whole truth, nothing but the truth, so help you God? Annie faltered; she 
was an atheist and who knows what Travis really thought of her. His fate 
rested in her hands, her mind, her large and widening eyes, as she 
recalled the moment of the crime. But the soldiers were asking for it, and 
it only took a second; once their backs were turned, it was easy. And the 
rest was easy too. I'll testify, she said, under any god that pleases you!

He screamed, but she ignored him. He would walk with a limp for the rest 
of his life the doctors told him, but he would walk, and eventually he 
would walk without pain. He shifted in the courtroom, unhappy with the way 
events were going. "You fucked me," he screamed, "you fucking used me, and 
then you fucked me some more! You dirty bitch!" Her eyes widened and for 
just a moment she looked both startled and guilty ~ Naughty Annie instead 
of Nasty Annie. She broke down and was carried out; he broke down and was 
carried out. Later, after his suicide, she asked whether he said anything 
at all, absolution or prayer, before he died. Proctor said "He muttered 
something that meant nothing ~ something that meant only get out of here, 
dream voice, get gone." Her eyes widened more. "And I did," he added. "And 
so should you."

Annie tore at herself, clawed her breasts, blood running down her chest, 
everywhere like a bad dream. "Take me" she said, "take me now," to 
"Virginia" Sandpiper, who had sent five more (the first four with 
additional Polaroids) before finally lapsing into puzzled, slightly hurt 
silence. The photos laid on the floor all around her. She was one of 
the disappeared. All the ID had vanished. Annie's eyes widened at the 
thought that finally she'd act on her own; Sidewinder - the cause of the 
problem - was next.

Sidewinder was downhill and the road would be slippery in the rain and it 
was darker than a mineshaft; he meant to try it all the same. Annie 
followed. There were perhaps seventy acres of open ground between the 
house and the edge of the forest ~ the snow-cover over it was a perfect 
and blazing white. Annie could see perfectly; eyes widened, she aimed, 
squeezed, and pulled the trigger. One of them would die.

+++




body movement translated into bvh file
bvh file clothed in loquacious avatar
avatar lowered onto floor body
hysteric dance of avatar and floor body
mapped dance of one and another
digital seamless wonder transmutated skin
writhe wryte internal electromagnetisms
signals connecting floor body and avatar
avatar desiring floor body hysteric
hysteresis as chiasmic exchange
the one generated the other
the other was clothed in the one
the other above the one
the one beneath the other
coupling hysteresis hysteria
the womb meanders eyes opened shut
bodies stitched together in final fury
doctor doctor there is no help for me
doctor doctor there is no help for us 
for her for them
peopling the world of the grainy digital film
stitched together falling apart at the seams
falling apart seamlessly
hysterical out of control contrary
contradictory wayward really fucked up
really fucked up avatar fucked up floor body
say neurasthenic mean hysteric
bvh file long since forgotten

http://www.asondheim.org/floordancehysteric.mp4


West Virginia University performance text / July 27 2006


Somewhere there's a story in this - machinery of the body or interminable 
mechanism of psychosis < Jerry should we begin like this? > We begin like 
this. We begin like this because the image stream is "thus." And it will 
take a while to orient - from the playing with the images to the 
performance. And except for this typing - there is no difference. Now I 
feel embarrassed because some of you have seen sections of these alreaady; 
I've been playing with the images for about forty minutes or so. These are 
avatars placed into literally inconceivable positions. My name is Alan 
Sondheim by the way nd I will be your guide for the evening. Or for as 
long as you choose to stay. So as I was saying yesterday, with an avatar, 
everything can be assembled or dissassembled - Here is the disassembly of 
a vacuum tube in a scanner, digitally deconstructed. What is it that you 
can do with machines that you cannot do with bodies? For one thing, 
disassembly line - that is eachpart is independent of all the others. 
Well, that's not true, but they'll stay that way if you unbolt them.

So one can move in ways that she cannot move, and remain in air outside of 
gravity. EVERY HUMAN BEING IS THE RESULT OF INTERMINABLE SADNESS. These 
images can be taken apart just like Al Capone. And these images belong 
somewhere or anywhere and it's death that returns these bodies quickly 
quicly to the position of the machine and its disassembly. So this is 
about death, my work is about death, and the absence of language, that 
looking out of the window at the last possible moment - and what is THERE 
continuing in the midst of cessation - So these people can move butonly 
for a short while. HOW LONG IS THE LIFE OF A DANCER? MERce is still going 
strong into his 80s just choreography now. But I saw him dance ever so 
slowly with a chair. And the chair with thick with the wood and if I'm not 
careful I'll cove up all the exciting images again. On the right two 
avatar cats with a human avatar perhaps from the Kojiki learning to ride 
them in the midst of unfathomable winds. On the left avatar humans 
hysterically presenting themselves AS IF they are on the scren within the 
screen. On the right the recent Ukrainian revolution covered completely in 
the main square in Kiev. On the left and right above - an occupation. On 
the left an avatar-violation and that skin moving without tearing or 
tearing without moving; to the right the neuraesthenic from the nineteenth 
century, lassitude danced out in the middle, in other words disease and 
strategies for moving around or through the body. There are times... in 
the midst... of the dark wood which surrounds us... when we lose track... 
give up... turn away...something has gone horribly wrong... perhaps this 
is one of those times... as if the world has stained the world.... Someday 
I will write myself... into nonexistence... This is my dream aloud... 
uncriducoeurMIAO HOW.... at that point that precise point... between being 
alive and being dead... I will divide.. and will divide and will divide... 
there will be nothing that remans remains whole... then each segment, yes! 
each segment! will retire all the others... the segments...

the segments will slowly disappear... outside of any database... not for 
your viewing or my own... oh then things do or do not go together... you 
see they lead us somewhere else... those faces on the left... modelled on 
a book from World War One - a hidden book - photographs of the wounded - I 
still have nightmares - and now in Iraq - people burned over ninety per 
cept of their bodies. In this country, this was inconceivable. Not even 
Vietnam... you have to go back to maybe Cold Harbor in the Civil War, 
something like that... So this is about this is about empyre - and this is 
a project - about the end of empyre - and this is a project - about a 
certain kind of fury - this is about dance and the stain of dance - this 
is about disease and the stain of disease - yes that too - this is about 
an entire - a whole - encyclopedia of things! - yes, the encycclopedia 
too! the encyclopedia as well! - faces collapsed yes in time - you can 
reverse time digitally - double faces - aum and silent or a--- and um--- - 
if you understand Shinto you'll get the reference - around Inari - 
guardian figures - foxes - one with open mouth one with shut - the 
electrical figuration between them - we're in the midst of the grid - the 
power grid - it's all around us - you can hear the grid - the antennas 
pick it up - the dancer moving around the grid - out in the wilds, well 
not wilds but away from the grid - you can hear other things -

World War II was very beautiful... bombers going from England to 
Germany... I imagine Iraq is very beautiful too...

In another minute this will look like a dance... a modern dance.. with 
mysterious black figures and electronic music...

more dance and more dance... someting about Krishna here but I don't want 
to go there -

these are segments of something called the swallowtail catastrophe - 
bifurcation points - when there's a sudden shift in behaviour - when 
anything can happen - but not "and usually does"

okaythis is Geneva - I'm flying the plane of the President of the United 
States... on a bus... (bus + plane = speed of bus) - next to - somewhere - 
an image of the tsunami - there's a proximity - about avatars - a nearness 
- an uncanny element - you can't define it - they're close - they're 
almost touching - and ye... yet... There are changes here... in gender... 
positioning - there's a story but I don't know it... - not yet...

what's necessary now - some sort of climax - some way to bring this all 
together - I'll find it - climaxes are usually loud - this one is embedded 
- in the machine - the back of my mind - somewhere else not there - 
somewhere with infantry - so the dancer - Maud - is the crankthat - the 
crank that - that drives the map - bang bang bang bang - if she disappears 
- the mapp - the map - will disappear - just wait and see - no I won't - 
just wait .... damn, its still there...

the world is a mess...

let us give ourselves at the most another two generations...

dusts... radiations... at least you don't have to dream this... 
thank you.






new performance


new performance material-mode... litany of nouns, concepts, roiled, 
returned, quicktime signatures, stopped at will (single mouse stroke to 
stop and double to continue). then the chant or discourse of the concept - 
improvisation & all the while the continued turmoil of the videos in 
motion, the sound bytes, nonetheless an absence of written text, or rather 
text to be written, the first face of it, the text which generates the 
speech, speaking text, speaking of the text, on occasion commentary of the 
visual, or the bridging of the sign between inscription, aural, visual, or 
among writing, speaking, gesture. where is the material-mode of language 
in all of this, in the midst of this; where is the groundwork of descent?

thus i generate nothing but sound, no appearance, no calisthenics, only 
the turmoil of the screen, turbulence of sound (for sound emerges else- 
where, not there, but beyond, or surround, or "to the left of the screen" 
from which the digital-naked is deployed); thus this speaking is always 
already at a loss, real-time, given only at the moment, gift only for an 
audience, a present or presencing audience, for whom speech is entreaty, 
and not file. 

thus will be the new performing and first and second degree of creation.


when i talk with incompletion
sometimes there comes a notion
that someone owns completion
an imaginary notion

asking campers riddled questions
is riddling walls of the camps
someone who no longer questions
is no longer roll-called in the camps

grey stained red and sutured mouths
no one ever gets out of here
bodies are nothing but mouths
the rest no longer here

obscene half in obscene half out
this is the primal scene
it never happened or worked out
just repetitious scene

arrows fly like cursors hasten
better get out of the way
space itself seems to hasten
time imprisoned one way

time has no time to rupture time
space is only residue
of time confined to confine time
time is residue


http://www.asondheim.org/thth.mp4



incredible what moves on wires
fires travel down inert electrons
plectrums hammer oscillations
fluctuations ensure bone and bending
lending one and all to targeting
forgetting limb and other members
tremors of constant sorrow
tomorrow electric lights and storms
forms coupling in flight and air
there descending across the mean
seen as stars fall and tackle
crackle hardly edible

http://www.asondheim.org/targetnone.mov
http://www.asondheim.org/targetnone.jpg

n.otes

thinning, defuge, flattening <--> reduction, collapse

corrosion, residue, dissolution, dissemination, spew, emission

thinning and emission epistemologically related
-- emission (perhaps) implying point-source, teleology (it came from
planet x)

thinning - information peeled off
-- entropy - permanently lost

emission - information a mess, implosion
-- hints of origin, originary trope

the two are related, information disorders
-- information is never disordered; its receptors are (in relation to
codes, attention, capacity, etc.)

information is in a state of becoming-information - always hermeneutics

defuge also an information disorder? decathecting? has to do with 
libidinal investment withdrawn through repetition
'defuge is the information disorder of our time' (come again?)

defuge in relation to borderline syndrome, borderline personality 
(exhaustive testing of presence) - weakened, decathected or overly
cathected ('etiquette' of cathect / cathecting)

spew has wider origin than emission, emission implies some sort of 
coherency in the beginning - spew can be considered flux into flux 
(incoherency into incoherency)

the real is spew - continuous one-to-many / many-to-one mappings - 
chatterings, jostlings

core dump <--> spew - but not defuge - not impinging on the psyche - 
instead, formal epistemology, archaeology of collapse

defuge - information not present (was present) but stale - as in 
automatic reading, then returning to attempt rereading

information always already spew - as read, is edited down, cut into, etc. 
- 'spew sliced' = information

editing down the buzzing of the real (from spew) - machinic decoding - 
it's here that mathesis occurs - i.e. presencing - what emerges from slag 

God implies emission, spew implies, what? psycho-physical processes, thick 
transmissions - nothing that can be _named_

spew - moil, sourceless = everysource
spew - moil, boil, roil, soil -> defuge

emission - source, implied, inherent
emission - chatters? stutters? continuous and discrete emissions

Johannes Lohmann - operational words (of sorts)
see Kittler -
indo-european clusters / constellations - spread of phenomenological
domains across (among) inscriptions

inscription withdraws, decathects, sympathetic
fissure inheres, cathects, empathetic? (probably wrong way to go here)

Freud on the uncanny -

fissure and fissure, x and x, inscription, x and -x

fissure < - > defuge, x and x
defuge (x), i'm tired of all this (x)

fissure goes nowhere, there's nowhere to go
fissure comes from nothing, goes to nothing, there's no one to go
fissure - tends towards analog

inscription is 'everything else' - tends towards digital

immersion inscribes - into what? fissure? (wrong way again)
definable fissures - into what? inscription? (most likely not)

fissure is a priori untheorized, uninscribed



of space and what is present is present
of time and what in time is time
of searching and what of searching for searching
what of thinking of thinking
it's close to the smallest of smallest
it's closer to the nearest of nearest
o, moment of moments!
among the clearest of oceans of oceans!

http://www.asondheim.org/Output.mp4
4 mg




the the most most beautiful
of all my my music music
to to be be sure
no one speaks for for me me
not not even even my mouth
on a trip of its its own own
mouth mouth stay stay away
sparks sparks mount mount me
surmount teeth and and tongue tongue
lost lost runes runes ascend
around carved carved ogham ogham 
and and wolves wolves descry
mind word word  distanced distanced
wolves wolves of of hell
the most most beautiful beautiful
of of all

http://www.asondheim.org/lightning2b.mp3



Progress Report

My sleep has become increasingly chaotic; at this point, I last at best 
for two to three hours. I go through cycles with melatonin, taking more 
than usual in order to stop thinking, anything to stop thinking. Here in 
West Virginia, I work constantly; I'm afraid to stop; I don't know when I 
would be able to continue with any degree of security. Every image here is 
an image recuperated, indemnified, if only for the moment. The tunnel 
ceiling is a semi-oval. I worry that theory has already corroded me, that 
whatever I say is monstrous, useless, I dream of machines devouring body 
and space, transformed into pure light. I imagine the survival of light.

Nothing coheres to the mind or armature of the dream which devolves into 
tatters. When I speak, my voice sleeps. I churn out image, sound, text, 
jumbled together; I tend the files the way one should tend the earth, 
kindly, defensively. At a deeper level there are the remnants of joy in 
discovery; this or that hasn't been done before, hasn't been tried before.

But there really is this need to push myself to the point of collapse. 
Azure notes I tend to forget more; I feel literally demented as I tear 
into time and space. Physically I grow weaker; it's an experiment in van- 
ishment. Voices and lights dim, images and sounds murmur on the periphery 
of exhausted consciousness remembering Levinas. Immersed in death, in 
quiescence, I wonder if this or that text or tape will be the last before 
the stroke or heart attack. New and unknown symptoms are on the rise; the 
tinnitus has increased in intensity and this weakness is worse than usual, 
as are the odd headaches which flood and circulate as soon as there is the 
slightest stress or tension, or in the morning, or in the evening, or the 
bright light of day. I am carrying my body now, what remains of the I 
shredded in a tattered world. My lack of sleep rises as a mountain before 
me, behind me, veil of veil, shroud of shroud. I hunger more than ever for 
truth, for a narrative which comes out or doesn't along an endless cycling 
of paths. This is the flattening I fear, until I no longer feel fear, the 
absurdity of poverty, exhaustion, dropping of limbs in gullies, valleys, 
vales


http://www.asondheim.org/diganal.jpg in readiness
http://www.asondheim.org/lightning2b.mp3 corrected
(violent lightning vlf radio, filtered)






place, of which we dream of hearth and woods, a space
dark time with which to roam the park,
collapsed into death's dull doom, relapsed
in flowered beauty, wounded like a pin
dropped on sundered skin, trembling, yet stopped;
so grids encapsulate the final blow,
lines carry weights of dreams of oaks and pines,
of hearths, of kindness, of robin, home, and dove
soaring across charred lands; planes and guns are roaring
still; vectors struggle, travel up the hill

http://www.asondheim.org/ing.mp4

for Wilfred Owen in these times



Preface

This book is not about heroes.  English Poetry is not yet fit to speak
 of them.  Nor is it about deeds or lands, nor anything about glory, 
honour, dominion or power,
                              except War.
Above all, this book is not concerned with Poetry.
The subject of it is War, and the pity of War.
The Poetry is in the pity.
Yet these elegies are not to this generation,
        This is in no sense consolatory.

They may be to the next.
All the poet can do to-day is to warn.
That is why the true Poets must be truthful.
If I thought the letter of this book would last,
I might have used proper names; but if the spirit of it survives Prussia, 
--
  my ambition and those names will be content; for they will have
  achieved themselves fresher fields than Flanders.


     Note. --  This Preface was found, in an unfinished condition,
               among Wilfred Owen's papers.


gloom room, tomb loom, doom womb,
weir fear, smear, leer, seer here,
hear dear, death-breath, lethe-seeing,
being we-ing, fleeing seeing, me-ing cost,
lost, tossed, mossed, fate late, sate
mate, hate great, rate wait, bait-girl,
curl, whirl, furl, churl hurl, dying trying,
sighing, lying, tying, flying, mime time,
chime rhyme, pace space, place-race, 
waste, haste, taste paste, chastened, 
hastened, fastened, battered, tattered, 
pattered, prattle, chattel, rattle, cried, 
tried, sighed, lied, tied, chide, bide, 
ride, plied, guide wide, died, plead dead

http://www.asondheim.org/beingsmear.mp4




Alan's words


I spoke, speak, divide, the path deride, write into night,
wryte into nyght, caught: pre-war history, pre-wars history,
warez-history, 

oh for that memory once again, code-memory, memory of code, memory of
code of memory

here in West Virginia, crickets singing, they will sing beyond me
beyond my body's reach, arms', hands', fingers' reach 
  a sudden gasp of breath, I will be gone
  my words broken, broken up
  used by strangers

some people
some people have other purposes
I wait for death like others wait for dawn
 wait for dawn's death, death's dawn, dusk of death, death of dusk,
 litany of beyond, storm-code memory,

who owns Alan's words
reorders Alan's words
claims them, takes them

even now, what comes out of my mouth is no longer mine



=======================================================================


Text from Cybermind Conference - Log - 1996, Perth, Australia

Martin says, "we're close to beginning here..."
bree has disconnected.
Martin says, "What I would like is a discussion behind me on the screen 
dealing
 with netsex, and I may be able to interact - I'll let you know when - you 
don'
t need to talk at all about this if you don't want, but it would 
add/resonate w
/ the presen- tation which is going to be pretty chaotic."
Raxcip says, "sure, I will listen and play."
A very large pelican scoops bree up in its enormous beak and flies off to 
drop
her in bed.
Dria says, "um...I'll add stuff If I have anything to say (I usually do ;)"
Ghost nods.
Martin says, "stay on here - going off for about 30 seconds... - please 
stay on
"
Ghost says, "Standing by.."
Martin asks, "hello?"
Martin sighs.
Martin cheers wildly.
Ghost smirks.
Dria does a little dance
Ghost stomps a rhythm
Raxcip asks, "just a cyber-type observation...  Does anyone else find it 
odd ho
w easy it is to tell Alan from martin, even though they are sharing a 
name?"
Alan has @joined you.
Raxcip says, "Welcome, Alan."
Dria says, "Personalities come across really well, I find.  Esp. if the 
person
can write."
Alan says, "Im on as Alan now - and I think that Martin is on the other 
screen.
.."
Alan says, "Please hang in there..."
Raxcip says, "yes, I suppose."
Dria says, "hanging."
Raxcip says, "on"
Ghost says, "there."
Dria says, "stage fright :>"
Apocryphal says, "indeed, Dria..."
Dria says, "ah...I should get a gin&amp;tonic."
Raxcip cracks open a beer...
Dria says, "brb"
Apocryphal puffs on a mellow cigar
Alan says, "Okay we're on - "
Martin reconnects.
Alan says, "Richard MacKinnon is going to type for me --"
Martin exclaims, "Whee!"
Dria laughs
Martin exclaims, "I can do the minutes here!"
Raxcip says, "it only seems like minutes..  Its hours."
Alan says, "Alan wants a minute by minute countdown."
Dria says, "okay, you're hired ;)"
Alan says, "Alan wants us to discuss what netsex might be."
Ghost drops its drawers..
Raxcip says, "I thouth we were byond *that* point..."
Martin says, "Alan went to "Hot Horny Bitches" because someone asked him 
to"
Alan asks, "What do you mean Raxcip?"
Ghost asks, "Not stimulating enough here?"
Dria says, "Well, the mind is the most important sexual organ.  Take away 
all t
he other senses, and those which remain are heightened.  That's what it's 
all a
bout. :)"
Raxcip says, "the general definition.."
Alan exclaims, "Hey Martin I didn't realize that you were here!"
Martin says, "Alan is talking about "wryting" as the ontological component 
to w
riting ..."
Martin says, "Well now you do .."
Martin says, "We can take turns transcribing Alan ..."
Martin exclaims, "Netsex sounds ....  aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh    
zzzzzzzzzzz
m mmmmmmmmmm m m mm m m m  erghhhhh   h h wheeeeee!"
Dria laughs
zone has entered Conference Room.
Alan asks, "Dria . . . are you saying that mind-impoverished beings cannot 
have
 sex?"
Martin says, "oog"
zone laughs
Dria says, "I find the silences during are more expressive :)"
zone loves it
Ghost exclaims, "Oh baby!"
Dria says, "mind-impoverished?  Uhm...yes, I guess I am."
Dria says, "depends what that means, of course"
zone cracks up
Alan says, "Dria, well then it seems to me that one doesn't need much of a 
mind
 to be silent.  Perhaps you should consider hooking up with a rock."
Martin says, "Alan is talkig about hesiataions and backtracking and 
erasuresd .
.."
Raxcip says, "Yes, Its interesting to think of the other when there not 
typing.
.."
Alan says, "Oh I see . . . then it's not the *silence* which is poignant, 
but t
he thoughts resulting from the silence."
Speaker fades in from Entry Point and joins you.
Ghost says, "writing Alan talking about writing erasures.."
Speaker says, "I'll be Alan's words ..."
Speaker says, "Martin typing them ..."
Martin says, "yeah"
Raxcip says, "or, the silences translate to RL "
Dria says, "typing takes a certain concentration...if you're otherwise 
occupied
, it becomes secondary :)"
Speaker says, "One case which resulted in netsex that recuperated a 
married wom
an ..."
Ghost says, "Good argument for CUseeme.."
Alan says, "That's interesting.  Fanny, mentioned to me that the VR 
impressions
 made on her--particularly the romantic kind--seem to linger into the real 
worl
d."
zone manifests a spontaneously generated tatoo on her inner arm which 
reads: wo
rds are sex
Martin says, "Sounds being recorded ... we'll put up the realaudio up 
later ...
"
Dria says, "excellent argument for CUseeme...but that changes the 
situation, re
ally.  It's not as much connected to mind...it becomes also visual."
Alan says, "Of course, this "lingering" phenomenon is often characterized 
by si
lence, especially when a person has logged off."
Speaker says, "At times netsex can be completely overwhelming ... "
Goatium_Guest fades in from Entry Point and joins you.
Speaker says, "Part of it the 'command structure'  ..."
Ghost moans
Speaker says, "The ASCII unconcoous ..."
Speaker says, "ignore my spelling"
Alan asks, "If the mind is the primary sexual organ, then what is the 
differenc
e between net.sex and physical sex?"
zone smiles
Dria says, "raw, digitized self, expressed.  It's very different."
Speaker says, ""I can't type half as fast as Alan, even though I do it for 
a li
ving ..."
Raxcip says, "net.sex leaves you alone, untouched."
Alan says, "Hmmm....this implies that a virtual body is available to 
virtual lo
vers."
Dria says, "untrue...emotions are of mind...I can be 'touched' 
emotionally...of
ten with greater effect."
Goatium_Guest has disconnected.
The housekeeper arrives to remove Goatium_Guest.
Speaker says, "text emerges as parts of past, childhood ... interjections 
... s
natches that are not normally given voice to ..."
Dria says, "it's a more intellecutal intercourse."
Raxcip says, "Yes, but I decided I could no longer have netsex.  it left 
me fee
ling too alone, too sad."
Alan says, "Yes, but even your desire to use the wor....er...word 
"touched" imp
lies that a sort of "body" is produced-- whether emotional or textual."
Speaker says, ""Part objects .."
zone . o O (...duly noted use of the word "snatch")
Dria says, "it's not a replacement, but an enhancement"
Martin says, "Snatch was my word .."
zone . o O (...duly noted use of the word "intercourse")
Martin apologises.
zone laughs
Dria did that on purpose ;>
zone nods to Dria
Alan says, "Yep.  I think's that's true to a point...but it's even more 
than an
 enhancement.  I think it is an alterate, but not necessarily one that 
replaces
."
Martin catches the odd drop from Alan's verbal waterfall ...
zone smiles at Martin
zone loves it
Alan hands Martin a bucket
Speaker says, """The power of Netsex ... not trivial ..."
Speaker says, "Joining subjects across the wall of language .."
Speaker says, "defining ... truth ... idea of true speech and the genuine 
other
 .."
Speaker says, "primordial objectivity ... "
Alan asks, "Dria, you said that you think the "touching" in VR is an 
enhancemen
t of physical touching.  This implies that the former is better than the 
latter
.  Do you really believe this?"
Dria says, "netsex allows us to explore, to investigate, to 
experiment...with o
nly minor risk, compared to rl...it's a new form of fulfillment...we are 
only b
eginning to explore the possiblities"
Speaker says, "kant ..."
Speaker says, "Questions about Kant ..."
Martin exclaims, "Bucket!?!?!"
Alan asks, "What's a matter, Martin?  Is a bucket not large enough to 
catch dro
ps from Alan's waterfall?"
Dria says, "enhancement...not 'better', just...different...often 
'worse'...but
it's something new, and powerful, which affects profoundly the lives of 
many pe
ople.  It cannot be shrugged off as inconsequential"
Speaker says, "A state of primitive fusion and confusion .."
Speaker says, "Temptation of St Antoine .."
Ghost says, "No one's mentioned gender yet.."
Speaker says, "Cyberspatial buzzing .... huge amounts of ..."
Speaker says, "Excretion's featured a few times ... not that zone ..."
Speaker says, "not = note"
Dria says, "gender becomes ephermal...manipulable...part of the 
experimentation
."
zone nods to Speaker
Alan says, "Okay, I'm with you.  In the case of "worse," "enhancement" is 
an od
d ...er...odd choice of word.  An enhancement which makes something worse 
is a
connotation that is usually reserved for Microsoft :-)"
Dria says, "we are who we want to become."
Speaker says, "Confusions of identity .... @gender commands ..."
Dria laughs
Dria says, "perhaps it was a poor choice of word."
zone says to Dria, "I agree Dria...but I think it is also an opportunity 
to bec
ome more *who we are*...online serving as a mirror..."
Speaker says, "Control faction ... moviong backwards and forwards from the 
abys
ss .."
Speaker says, "ss"
Dria asks, "what parts of life do *not* serve as mirrors?"
Speaker says, "tremendous sexualisaion of the internet as a whole ..."
Alan says, "No matter . . . I agree, though . . . the internet allows us 
to exp
lore and experiment with reduced risk, but really though, how much of a 
risk is
 afforded.  I know that people can really get hurt--which comes as quite a 
surp
rise to them."
Dria says, "it's the cultural restrictions which we ahve to deal with in 
rl."
zone says to Dria, "You mentioned this thing about who we want to 
become...and
I was noticing the opposite is also true..."
Speaker says, "Most non-moderated spaces show this ..."
Dria says, "that's why I said minor risk...the risk exists...the 
phenomenon of
cyberrape...that cannot be overlooked."
Speaker says, "Sexualisation ... desires implicit just about everywhere 
..."
Alan says, "Precisely.  We can dump some cultural baggage, but I think 
people w
ho think the net.sex is "safe" are a bit under-net.sex'd."
Speaker says, "16 minutes ... 4 to go "
Speaker says, "language loses its formal syntactic structure ..."
Dria says, "it's safer than rl, imho...injury is of a different nature 
entirely
."
Speaker says, "Raviushment becomes the unravelling of language..."
Alan says, "There a plenty of cases where net.sex has penetrated the 
condom-as-
interface and  and hit the user right where it hurts."
Speaker says, "Woman he knew who would short out the keyboard with her wet 
hand
 after coming .."
Speaker says, "Streams of characters ..."
Speaker says, "fbnu bgyf hgf hgf hf hgbfh jgthrjigbtrubigperhbubhuehtuig 
bubtg4
 75ub4 htgb4 u5tgb4 5ugpbu4pihu5ughbu54ibgutbgubthbgubt "
Speaker says, "Ah, tht's better."
Alan says, "weroiusc sfdrmss sadfsdflj asdfsdj4r32wq"
Raxcip laughs
Ghost says to Dria, "psychological hurt is still psychological hurt"
Alan shrugs
zone says, "seroshlkjlllllll kisslillhh .lkjjiliiiiiiillllmmmmmm"
Alan says, "Exactly."
Dria says, "as I said, different.  "
Speaker says, "cu-seeme is more uncanny and disturbing  than y-talk ..."
Dria asks, "you really can't see the difference in risk?"
Speaker says, "Silence of cu-seeme ... uncanny ... uncomfortable ... 
fascinatin
g ... becasue of the faces ..."
Speaker says, "faces erupt in different direction .."
Alan asks, "Is it possible that a face can be thought of as genitalia?"
Speaker says, "recognition ..."
Speaker says, "didn't get to death on the internet ..."
Dria thinks about Michael.
Speaker says, "Tomorrow: Michael Current's fdeath ..."
zone says, "le petit mort"
Speaker says, "Thankyou ..."
Speaker recieves applause ..
Raxcip says, "only insomuch as every part of the body is sexual, (faces)"
Dria applauds for Alan :)
Martin says, "Questions ..."
Martin asks, "?"
Speaker says, "... cleaning up ..."
Ghost goes out through the out door.
Alan says, "Stelar laughed at the notion of cleaning up."
Alan says, "=c"
Dria laughs
Alan says, "Apparently in Austrialia, Kant is pronounced "cunt.""
Speaker says, ""Jerry asks about Kant ... Alan thought he meant something 
else
... talking about netsex ..."
Speaker says, "It is."
Dria bites hir tongue
Martin says, "probably for good reason"
Speaker says, "carry sexuality beyond what happens in Alan's real life .."
Speaker says, "as it becomes more real ... series of exchnages ..."
Speaker says, "list ... priovate mail .. ."
Speaker says, "more emotional .."
Speaker says, "relationshiop ..."
Speaker says, "phone call "
Speaker says, "phone sex ..."
Speaker says, "y-talk ..."
Speaker says, "photos ..."
Dria nods...got the first phonecall today :>
Speaker says, "peices of hair ..."
Speaker says, "souvenirs ..."
zone smiles
Speaker says, "anything ..."
Raxcip says, "sextoys..."
Speaker says, "Small animals .."
Dria laughs
Raxcip asks, "?"
Alan says, "Panties, panties"
Speaker says, "Oh yes, panties ..."
Dria says, "oh, don't forget the panties."
Speaker says, "That was a typo  . ..."
Raxcip grins
zone says, "oh yeah...and remember panties"
Speaker uses the word "coagulation" a lot ...
Alan says, "Effluvia and coming together in a matted position."
Speaker says, "Question intimates that Jerry ta;ling and Alan typing was 
like G
ilbert and George ..."
Alan says, "Group net.sex."
Dria  thinks...hm, time to break out the erotica ;>
Speaker says, "like dria"
Speaker licks Dria ever so slowly.
Alan says, "Except that the group is one person."
Dria freezes, deer in the headlights ;>
Dria says, "Yummy"
Speaker says, "Richness of net.sex "
Speaker says, "Turn off the computer ... left with own reflection in 
screen ...
"
Dria says, "the mirror."
Apocryphal says, "..."
Speaker says, "Different movements ..."
Raxcip says, "yes, thats the part I hate.  The computer off me alone"
Apocryphal says, "or nothing...the matte, blankness"
Speaker says, "y-talk is like two bodies separated by 
-------------------------
------------------"
Dria says, "you just have to understand what it is that you're getting 
into..."

Dria says, "but it is possible to get so much more from it...real love, 
can gro
w out here."
Martin says, "Jerry's talking ..."
Raxcip says, "yes, of course. "
Dria says, "you sound unconvinced. :)"
Raxcip says, "My friend was a world away."
Dria nods
Dria says, "aye...I know what it's like."
Alan says, "One of the speakers is talking about how he enjoyed watching 
the th
e screen and Alan and the timekeeping.  This, I (Richard) think is an 
example o
f how net.sex affords a greater opportunity for voyeurism."
Dria grins
Martin grins
Raxcip says, "I find it hard to exist both here on teh net and in RL, and 
wholy
 give oneself in either space.  I choose the Real."
Dria says, "I toggle between.  I am not real."
Alan says, "I choose both.  The unreal has been very good to me."
zone laughs
Martin says, "I really like Ari's presentation ..."
Apocryphal says, "it seems..."
Raxcip fails to delineate.
Alan says, "Jon Marshall is asking about the ethical challenges posed by 
net.se
x."
Apocryphal says, "like there's no one-or-the-other each infects the other"
Martin says, "The text was most lost on me ... but watching the images of 
the h
ands was definitely affaected by the MOOD of the text ..."
Alan says, "Don't forget that the Cathoholic Church has decreed that 
net.sex is
 a sin."
Dria says, "I walk out into the world 'rl' and I feel...unreal...it is 
surreal.
..it all feels surreal.  I have realized that "I" am not real (to anyone 
else,
at least).  So why fight it."
zone exclaims, "!!!"
zone says, "That is astonishing."
Dria says, "you're not serious.  You *can't* be serious."
Alan is serious
Dria boggles
Speaker says, "Ari says even email is theatrical .."
Apocryphal says, "the screen as contraceptive"
Alan says, "Dria, I think in the long-run, this is a great development.  
With a
 simple decree, the Church has given credence to cyberlife.  That's a good 
thin
g."
Raxcip says, "the catholic church would never approve of fun without 
consequenc
e."
Dria says, "well, yeah, but.  It's still stupid. :>"
zone nods.  Yes.  Calling netsex a sin has in one fell swoop brought it to 
the
attention of the world...
Alan says, "Yeah, but I'll take a little near-sightedness with a lot of 
vision-
-even if the vision comes inadvertently."
Dria decides to ponder it for a bit before forming a real opinon.
Martin asks, "Any questions to ALan?"
Martin says, "No"
Martin says, "That's it ..."
Martin says, "next sesion in 5 minutes .."
Alan says, "That's it, and thank you. There's another panel in five 
minutes and
 I can possibly work this through as well - not sure what the situation 
will be
..."



unrhymed, the grave goes under, no word like
any other, our talk drowned earth and granite
out, swallowed every creature whole, in parts
against ridge, torn verbs, supplications,
pleadings, cries in loam, darted shadows, o
gods who foretold death, bowed to bone, one;
silence listened, quiescent, as if already
lost, churned, wounded, hurried, hung

http://www.asondheim.org/sophiasgrave.mp4





on the crest or ridge of an enormous wave, during which the events of the 
day loom exponentially, perhaps x^4 for example, the imminence of any 
diurnal, already lost before a week or so - and in what name then history, 
which integrates to the point of non-recognition? what happened thirty 
years ago, I have small tales, few images, cannot assemble sample days or 
nights; the remainder is all reconstruction, as it must be with crossed 
ontologies, from object and word to neural circuit. talismans, fetishes, 
ward against misinterpretation; these _are_ and _were_ and remain as such 
as if their abject or reflective status guarantees a presence across what 
can only be considered inconceivable loss. humans decry their minimal role 
in the cosmos, but more minimal yet is our recuperation of untold events 
among organisms, both spoken and unspoken, deaths of dinosaurs, children 
wailing in the distance, the fall of a lepidodendron, anything one might 
conceive. our slice, our crest, is the thinnest, thinner by far than the 
fossil we hold in our hands, as if it were precious reminder, not 
accidental residue; the fossil already participates in global economies of 
collecting, completions, transportations, representations. 

here though I think of the wave, the crest, the ridge, the fullness which 
is greatest among all others, the fecundity of the crest, Leibniz and Thom 
to a certain rescue, that is the rescue of all jostlings, emendations, 
here they are. further down the stalk or sides, quantum tunnelings 
continue and emissions, behave in contradiction to the distinctions above; 
above, however, the world is infinitely clarified, it is _there_ at the 
cusp or peak of roiling (singularities in differential calculus perhaps, 
difference calculus perhaps upon closer inspection), that we model our 
perceptions, our 'take,' our presence.

http://www.asondheim.org/evasionofbeing.mp4


==




it will be when it finishes,
having been celestial, finishing
cosmic dance and bodies finished
and preened, shuddering, finish
or sheen; to be sure, this lives
until the checksum disappears, lived
flattening, as if it were live
or flourishing, alive, livid, living

body or inscription,
death eases, inscribes
itself, always already inscribed;
look - eyes. and then inscribe
among the dead or dying,
or those who died inscribing
or just die

http://www.asondheim.org/veda.mp4

6882266 bytes; 6 8-2 8-2 66 = 6 6 6 66 = 666.66






the flat world i'm making here

flattening i s flattening everything printf flattening s i printf printf , 
everything print real s print print , n; and printf everything and 
repetition flattening print repetition print real real print repetition 
flattening flattening repetition flattening print are defuge everywhere 
with and are with are and print print with defuge and disturbances if 
disturbances defuge print are print ontologically are everywhere 
disturbances disturbances disturbances prior print are everywhere 
everywhere are print everywhere print prior ontology if ontologically had 
as or ontologically priority print disturbances prior ontology had 
ontologically print print prior might had speak might ontology as one 
emblematic or hunger priority priority one ontology ontology might hunger 
ontology print speak priority emblematic print might phenomena hungry 
emblematic print ghosts phenomena might hunger ghosts and one speak of 
hungry emblematic might print speak and print and emblematic hungry print 
print hunger print gestures, emblems gestures, and ghosts hungry and and 
phenomena phenomena print emblems gestures emblems and emblems ghosts and 
gestures, emblems ghosts print print gestures, emblems emblems emblematic 
print gestures, emblematic and emblems print the and print of emblems 
gestures as and gestures, print emblematic gestures emblematic emblems 
disturbance print the the loosening emblematic emblematic symbolic 
disturbance disturbance loosening emblematic emblematic emblematic print 
the emblematic emblematic print disturbance the print emblematic print 
print print loosening the into the into into the symbolic emblamtic 
emblematic emblamtic symbolic print emblematic symbolic the the into the 
sublimation print of not emblematic emblematic ever and emblamtic 
sublimation not print print people ever into print forget are print 
sublimation into ever this forget into print doing this not the people are 
ever and and this and print are other and people print print with ever 
ever invisible organisms doing ever doing organisms print people people 
and invisible people other doing this with nonfictionally. this and print 
i've with seen print and invisible seen far print other nonfictionally. 
much i've with and much much other cultures far far cultures with i've 
nonfictionally. invisible exhaust much too exhaust seen i've with print 
print presencing ourselves too nonfictionally. much with print seen far 
exhaust presencing seen exhaust too presencing with much ourselves with 
present with print history print present history history present print 
ourselves present discursive present with exhaust discursive the ourselves 
the history present presencing thetic print present print print the the 
thetic thetic print believe now with with that and with discursive believe 
thetic and believe discursive history print and now and discursive further 
and and further now print states print and states that further people, 
always and further things were processes, ^ ^ always states that that 
states print that things print processes, ^ were sheave and and the were 
things and image the and and were the image people, processes, sheave 
infinitely of always and thinned thinned print processes, image were 
sheave were print and infinitely sharpened print the the print sheave 
sheave live sharpened sheave infinitely within the image and beams live 
thinned image projected and thinned live projected infinitely sharpened we 
beams it's and live it's it's within print that and that that beams 
sharpened within beams imaginary it's live we print imaginary the live the 
beams projected projected that print beams it's we constitute imaginary 
walk these that walk among imaginary print these walk walk that it's walk 
among beams constitute among others the that print print constitute among 
print among imaginary among print walk swirls print are swirls others 
print others swirls gnawing walk walk structures walk gnawing what walk 
walk are print walk print grappling are them print are them them gnawing 
what grappling grappling swirls print what structures forget structures 
are grappling everything forget print structures print the world outside 
among among the forget print print forget print print outside among them 
world world them everything the absorbs world little the everything world 
very little print outside world not absorbs the everything everthing 
everthing print outside and here little world absorbs here world world 
print not and print very very speak world world here print and world not 
speak floating very little of everthing little here worlds, are and 
everthing immersed worlds, here not print immersed speak we are here 
floating we everywhere are everywhere everywhere print floating flattening 
enlightened speak enlightened are immersed are are flattening worlds, 
worlds, everywhere we immersed enlightened print immersed everywhere 
enlightened print everywhere flattening are everywhere enlightened


poorly finished trees

already reduced from PAL thru .avi thru .mov to .mp4 do the best i can
world transformed through an exemplification of particle physics - within 
which things fly apart, always already have been apart - have nothing to 
sustain them, interiority neither present nor exploded, all manifolds 
opening through temporal dimensions - you can see the forest because of 
the trees - the trees aren't there - yes, local intensities, vectors - 
unfolding as well - the sheath three dimensions just there - volume 
everywhere and nowhere - open tetraheda - 

the map is the only territory
only territory is the map

implicit objecthood relying heavily on aristotelian laws of distribution - 
here gestures are already syzygy - configurating - 

hello a world in which machine-space is everything -
what is machine-space? only a self-referential raster - double 
articulations just like language - that of the pixel, that of the _span_ - 
then of course preceived span - that's something else again - 

hello i was a tree
hello i was never a tree

http://www.asondheim.org/treees3.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/treees8.mp4

D:/ C:/ E:/:turned coats and trying to work out in other environments, 
who? w? netstat?:the miserable acquiescence of the hungered world:: the 
miserable acquiescence of the hungered world transforms Your D:/ C:/ E:/ 
on me... Ah, incandescent with Reds and Blues!



Rulers

http://www.asondheim.org/ruler.mp4

Extreme unrelated compression to Peach Felicia Ko Lingerie Oring Import 
DVD Kaye Lingerie Bowl Shauna Tang Models Playboy model Nightcalls Kaye 
Import Ko model model Nicole Models Bowl Asian Bowl Kaye Nightcalls Asian 
Asian Playboy Kaye Nicole Thom Lorraine model Ko Shauna import Lorraine 
Michelle Lingerie Ko Nightcalls Michelle DVD Thom Oring Oring Asian 
Felicia Peach import Playboy model DVD Import Girls Lingerie Bowl Lorraine 
Models Felicia Katherine Lingerie Asian Models Lisa Lorraine import 
Katherine Felicia Models Asian model Lorraine DVD Thom Girls Lisa Kaye 
Michelle Asian Tang Tang Girls Peach DVD Lorraine Lisa Models Peach Import 
Tang Felicia Kaye Tang Kaye Models Models Models

Then why? Because Kaye wants it that way, Shauna's not so sure, Tang is 
excited, Lise overwhelmed, the Playboys beside themselves, the Import 
Girls not so sure, Peach has a wait-and-see attitude, Lorraine wants me 
to add:

A ruler marked to hundreths of an inch rotated low on the small laser 
object platform, stitched with very partial information as the beam 
reflected from what could only be acute angles; the rest wrapped, clothing 
the shuddering demarcations of and within the analogic. So later the 
rulings will appear; now, the object itself shudders and turns, just about 
ready for anything, Felicia slightly curious, Rulers just about ready, 
Rulers ruling, Models Models Models


model model model

http://www.asondheim.org/tre.mp4 short video of stills from scanner to 
Geomagic to Blender and spherical mappings; last night the rationale 
behind these came clear in a dream; this morning disappeared; the tree 
maps onto the tree; within the real; the optical apparatus; the digital 
maps onto the digital; protocol between the two; but that the digital 
spews into the analogic; returns to the dream as dismembering, disassem- 
bling, dissembling; that the tree is a world; of numerical values; that 
these values are cauterized; extruded from irrationals; that they never 
return; that they themselves are taken apart; reconfigured; that the 
infinite journey of such mappings is inherently uncanny; that the real 
gnaws always already at the digital; the tree is the tree of the imagin- 
ary; as in Saussure; Wittgenstein's family of usages; what is a family?; 
what is familiality?; familiar?; that the totality of such mappings is the 
result of extrusions, collapses, creations, annihilations, duplications; 
that it is the result of totality, overall operations; that no bit or byte 
is singled out from any other; that these computations are plankton-maw; 
that nothing is distinguished precisely _in order to distinguish_; that 
what emerges is close to the perspective-sublime; black-hole vanishing- 
point; that there are trees of numbers and numbers of trees; that there 
digital hands and handsful of digits; model model model.



Seduction of History

derivation of true-real narrative
chora practice
http://www.asondheim.org/history.mov
breathing the firestorm
I know I am but what are you?
o beauty! ray de choice, ay?
non or first storey of story
new york city underground
The Ruins of Derivation
derivative ruins
that's easy for me to say.





History of Seduction 

narrative true-real of derivation 
practice chora 
firestorm the breathing 
http://www.asondheim.org/havingfunhead.mp4
you? are what but am I know I 
ay? choice, de ray beauty! o 
story of storey first or non 
underground city york new 
Derivation of Ruins The 
ruins derivative 
say. to me for easy that's 




familiar wood

waves let your loves blossom, you fools, recording dictagraph sounds. (She 
runs to find a better vantage point.) (A man walks into ghost town with 
fungus.) 2 scatological terms reveal her bare thighs selfishness the magic 
of alarms sound in a workshop while a family watches her with long pointed 
claws. They're frightened by the sound, a girl's bare buttocks make water, 
she deserves to listen to a loud sound. A dog urinates on a young woman. 
Columbus: you'd hear the sound of chain-mail rustled against willows and 
poem into sound, for which it materializes, that is, fetishizes, placing 
nadir of bellowing sound, perversions of word and sentence and boys and 
men. The basement sound of dharmata, like a thousand thunderclaps 
simultaneously. This is the natural sound of your own dharmata, so do not 
be afraid or bewildered - you have no physical body of flesh and blood, so 
whatever sounds, colors; trusting in the sound of your words I reach out 
and touch the sound of your words - she has murdered the boys while they 
are asleep; she has murdered the family which makes sound; she makes 
sound; she kills a dog.
                   you must be sound asleep. A boy and his dog stood and 
we forget the sound of laughter and the pain of the legs' hinge, skin/nn 
half what might have seemed unsound; i wept - she got out with me. Grunts 
and moaning clatter to the floor of the bathroom; you might see her 
disappear for a moment, hear the sound of motion, the sound bytes - i 
generate nothing but sound, no appearance, no twists and turns, only 
tatters. When I speak, my voice sleeps. I churn out sounds. She exclaims, 
"Netsex sounds ....  aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh" He says "you sound 
unconvinced."





Interior and Absence (notes on recent work)


In an attempt to explain my recent work...
This is such an attempt, the attempt already referenced -

Every surrounding space is non-existent, that is, every embedding space 
should be construed as invisible, unless vectored outside of the frame - 
i.e. perspectival vanishing-points or obvious extensions of line segments.

The invisible space is less than a frame, paregon, peripheral, only a 
demarcation necessary for the transmission of the central object or 
figure, or syzygy of connected nodes or interconnected figures. One must 
strip away space in this regard.

Likewise one must strip away time, in order to reassemble temporality; 
what it takes to see or process is widely at variance, turned loose, from 
what is presented in the screen, this or that figure or figures.

Such figures descend from a series of asteroids I modeled, allowing one, 
that is myself, to fly across their surfaces, as if polygons were 
geological figures; it was the surround skeins, skins, that constituted 
the measure of the infinite in the small, a form of perspectival geometry.

The asteroids themselves have as antecedent certain works or preparations 
I constructed for scanning electron microscope imaging; these works were 
either prepared natural specimens or etched figurations, sculptures 
smaller than the wavelength of light, using a Cambridge Stereoscan which 
did exactly that.

The concern or cathecting, investment, I have in the current objects, and 
their potential or real transformations, to the extent they can be 
considered objects, is based on psychoanalytic and general vectoral flows 
across their surfaces - surfaces which may be penetrated or interpenetra- 
ted by vision, revealing the hollowed skein or scaffolding of model 
building.

The objects, whether closed manifolds or not, I consider closed manifolds 
of projections and introjections, manifolds whose surfaces are inscribed 
much like a cuneiform tablet, open to readings, not reading, and open to 
interpretation. The reading is visceral.

The objects are not, nor are intended to be, portraits, nor do they occupy 
a branch or sub-branch of portraiture; they are not singularities in 
space, but spaces themselves, whose anxieties triumph, whose psychoses 
play like storms across their surfaces.

I inject my concerns into safe, part-objects, transitional objects, half- 
formed, maternal, wary in the construction of language, of languages, wary 
in the construction of difference, differance. Such objects reference the 
analogic from the digital, a digital which is embedded in the analogic, in 
the hermeneutics of analogic reading and inscribing. What may for example 
begin as dream or hypnagogic imagery, transforms within the pressure of 
the machine, into those apparent fluidities which may be indefinitely 
shaped. To shape meaning without the ostensible pressuring of language, 
without the inscription of ostensible inscription - this is a goal, 
meaning which, submerged, emerges, from less organized perception, which 
may or may not be read as wonder in relation to the world or worlds. Every 
image a world, every world, an imaginary.

The _scan_ permits the uneasy rupture/rapture among code and uncoding, 
real and irreality, image and imaginary; the rupture/rapture of the scan 
itself construes the fluid or abject at the heart of culture, universe, 
world. Every reading is our reading; every writing is our writing; every 
scan is ours and ours alone.

The _motion capture_ permits the internal tearing, torsion, tension, 
tensor of the cohering body, always taken for granted, in order that 
death, violence, sexuality, language, and body re-emerge as dissipated 
punctum, within or without any circumscriptions.

The _access grid echo_ constructions create and reproduce the flattening 
of space and thereby time that constitutes defuge, that state always 
generative by deferral of other states. A face resembles, reassembles, 
itself, and such contiguities or echoes are embedded as well into 
generating configurations that might as well not be there.

In all of these instances, the embedding spaces are the symbolic; are the 
chora; are ourselves to the extent that our senses devolve first and 
primarily into the seepage of our own liquidities, bodies, sexes, deaths, 
ruptured and irreparable enunciations.

The symbolic surrounds the symbol, which is symbolic to the extent, or 
within, circumscription.

All inscription is circumscription.

Culture is the absence of embedding.





Bretz


Today I would have given you the Bretz materials, the result of scanning 
the coke-ovens down the hill to the right across from the post office down 
the hill to the left. But failure lured, ruled; it waited until the tripod 
was set us, the yoke was mounted on the tripod, the laser housing was 
secured to the yoke, the cables were connected to the laser, the laser was 
connected to the power supply and data control, the data output was cabled 
to the laptop, the laptop was powered by a battery, the battery was dead. 
The battery was charged at 10:30 in the morning, the laptop wouldn't power 
up, there was no data output or input or control to or from the laptop, 
Nick and George and Don and Azure and I paced, George worked the laptop, 
the laptop was quiet, quiescent, peaceful, there were no birds flying, 
there was a snake discovered in one of the few images taken while we wai- 
ted, the video turned out for four minutes, there was no scanning, there 
would be no downloading, no processing, no stitching, no post-processing, 
no warping and merging, no scaling and coloring, there would be no Bretz 
directories, no Bretz digital images of scans, no Bretz videos of rotating 
scans, no post-processing of scans in Blender, no transforming of selected 
points, no fly-through and no digital video or still image output. There 
would be no discussion of Bretz coke-oven beehive architecture, no consid- 
erations of the histories and generations of local brick-work, no evidence 
and no history, no written or spoken speculations on historiographies 
merging digital and analogic worlds, techniques, equipment, organisms, 
processes, languages, cultural and financial economies. There would be 
discussions of budgets, of equipment wear and tear, of obsolete software, 
obsolete laptops, obsolete batteries powering a laser otherwise capable of 
scanning an entire statehouse in West Virginia, an entire Buddhist temple 
in Japan, an entire archaeological dig, but not this local archaeology, 
not here, not now, not these deteriorating coke-ovens whispering in the 
mountain-topped heat, in this humidity problematic for the scanning unit 
itself, flat or matte-black in coloration, gathering sun against the hills 
and flowers, what flowers, what amazement of flowers, in the distance, or 
the mine number thirteen or number twelve sealed above the SUV and the 
tripod, and Don, George, Azure, Nick, and i somewhat below the ridge which 
may or may not have been constructed by other than God, within which still 
remain the maws of one-hundred and forty coke-ovens, the last working site 
of beehive construction, only stopping in the 1970s or 1980s and then 
abandoned against this peculiar meadow, the result of surface mining, 
depredation, of the mining company, resulting in an exhausted land, an 
unproductive land, a land of poisons, but for this glorious meadow and its 
neighbors writing ATVs useless around in circles or into and out of the 
surrounding woods, guns and ammunition hanging off the back. We looked at 
each other, Azure standing with her sun-umbrella, uncomfortable in the 
heat, and Azure, Nick, Don, and George proceeded to begin to pack up the 
tripod and yoke and laser housing and power supply and cables, placing 
them carefully back in their large metal cases, filling the back of the 
SUV while I videotaped in NTSC a slight, a very light segment of failure, 
with a graceful camera capturing a moment simultaneously lost and recor- 
ded, present and impresent, all of us gaining a ride back in the now- 
crowded SUV back across the dirt road, up the hill to the post office 
somewhat across from the exit, where Nick, Azure, and I changed vehicles 
and drove back, following the SUV, through Masontown, Manon somewhere in 
the vicinity, through Sabreton or Saberton, or Manan and Monon left behind 
us, on Route 7, up through and past the Mile Ground, still wondering what 
mile and what ground, down and back into the Evansdale campus and the 
Virtual Environments Laboratory, the VEL, where we unloaded the laser 
cases, the tripod, the laptop, our video and still cameras, went into the 
cool of the room, comforted by the hum so nearly like our own. Here was 
the edge of success and failure, of the many things which could go wrong 
but needed a password or keyword for the witnessing; here we were, there 
we were, tired, used, with little to show for our efforts, no residue 
beyond three or four minutes of videos, some stills of the outside of the 
ovens - and how beautiful! - some images of coming and leaving, some sky.




O! Misery!


icle in he official (governmen he)  rong fragrance)  (from ing Wei (river) 
according ive par icle as well === x 13983 13983 adver x . x ing wry ing . 
al_sample.r al_sample.r x 13983 13983 adver 13983 13983 adver 
al_proposal.r iorp.pl 66 66 back back 1128 1128 Car x f 1335 1335 an 
al_proposal.r 3257 3257 alan.pl alan.pl 23786 23786 analog_digi 
al_sample.r erbio.  char.  11350 11350 char. iorp.pl an f analog_digi 
iorp.pl an char. f 310 310 elim2.pl elim2.pl 292 292 elimina f 
Dalyreview.r x x erbio. ml 22847 22847 Dalyreview.r x er fil e.pl elimx.pl 
elimx.pl 312 312 elimy.pl elimy.pl 304 304 elimz.pl elimz.pl 10442 10442 
englishresume. x x e.pl elimina ml 70702 70702 hpbkm.h x ml 70702 70702 
hpbkm.h x e.pl elimina x kon. op lap o 5982 5982 lap ml hpbkm.h er fil ml 
70702 70702 hpbkm.h o 5982 5982 lap in in op lap kon.  kon.  meshworks. 
2197 2197 pfreview pfreview 31443 31443 philosophy.  philosophy. ro 1415 
1415 orp.pl orp.pl 4133 4133 paren x op 1298 1298 looply.pl looply.pl 2796 
2796 media media 2424 2424 meshworks. in 27439 27439 prosepoe resume. ry 
32763 32763 resume.  paren ro ne paren resume. .  sal x philosophy. 27439 
27439 prosepoe x x x x x x 2241 2241 shor sva. o sva. bio shor x x 
alchoice. x alchoice. x x sva. alchoice. x x x alchoice.  alchoice. x x 
rack16. rack16lading race.  23275 23275 x 6611 6611 rack. x rack16.  2473 
2473 x rack.  2542 2542 wry x rack16.  6611 6611 velpress.  ing wry x x 
ing ing wry rong fragrance)  (from ures colorful immor ures colorful immor 
he)  he official (governmen he official (governmen ch (look ou hird s s ch 
(look ou ower wa ures colorful immor he firs ebook, album) agains em (a) 
cur he als (hermi he ebook, album) agains he lu ablish (a) place drum 
(play)  ain (no he firs s es rumen he s ring se4) blow (answer, reply) 
(answer, reply)  e (25-s he high s hrone he high s he sheng1 (mou e (25-s 
rumen he cap changes dis he righ ars eps of he s he high s ars a a he righ 
he cap changes dis he cap changes dis hrough (a) broad in he hered pear- 
ness already ga ion) passes (direc a hful (bells, chimes) ( e (on) wall 
(lining)  (servan hering hering e (on) wall (lining)  ually)  her (mu ) 
lacquered wri hered pear- hful (bells, chimes) ( oge he scholar er of s he 
pa he classics (jing1)  he classics (jing1)  h (of)  (of housand soldiers 
( (of he ancien he pa he scholar roops)  ( he)  he wheel) hubs shake ( he) 
coun er of s (of he wheel) hubs shake ( s profusion (of) ( s profusion 
(of) ( he)  roops)  ( roops)  ( s (allowance) luxury (and) weal he) 
monumen he) inscrip ru he) world gran assels ( s profusion (of) ( is ary 
of Wei small s ure)  y)  engrave ( he)  he) monumen ary of Wei small s 
(subordina an ribu he) inscrip is he) assis imes) judges (under) cover 
(of) home injus early (minu e) some ream ream imes fla )  (prince) Duke 
Huan regula (harmony)  help ( ing business (grave/marking pos e) some ice 
abundan he) weak assis he) Han (Chinese) blessing, four kindnesses speech 
(and) emo iful clo ed ( early (minu )  (prince) Duke Huan regula h wraps 
around ( horoughly and wi horoughly and wi he) Han (Chinese) blessing, 
four kindnesses speech (and) emo he) weak assis he) weak assis ion [ a es 
impor he) warrior man, popula ion (of h urgency] [regula so [really] 
peaceful ( ( ranquil)  Jin (and) Chu change supremacy Zhao (and) Wei 
surrounded (placed) eas ma h urgency] [regula ( he) alliance In h join ( o 
wes a so [really] peaceful ( he) ear roubled ( hey were?) punished rise up 
ex erroga he) false road (way) des he) false road (way) des ive par e ( es 
(shepherds)  employ ( e qui icle (how?) (do you) abide by promises 
(according erroga roubled ( he) army (wi (power) (across mos he) magis hey 
were?) punished rise up ex e ( skill proclaim (announce) (your) migh ures 
Qin merged (i.e.  ures Qin merged (i.e.  (power) (across es (shepherds) 
employ ( he) army (wi a a er, chief) speaks (from ain ances galloping repu 
he) deser hey were enlarged)  moun he) arbor Wild Goose Ga he) chicken 
field (and e (and ed Tai medi hey were enlarged)  moun a he) chicken field 
(and one grea her Pond (and) peak s Wall (purple pass)  ( er, chief) 
speaks (from he) arbor Wild Goose Ga y)  Elder Bro inuous (and) remo 
inuous (and) remo open coun he) bare (scarle he) bare (scarle ry (and) 
Dong Ting Lake wilderness (vas roo ure devo herworld)  governmen , 
spacious) dis open coun inuous (and) remo e one's effor he year ( her 
harves ed in regard e cliff (and) cave (moun roo begin ing of glu ing of 
glu he year ( ure devo s h mu3 (abou he ripe (grain)  e in and mille he 
sou o carry) in inous mille o develop reward dismiss, expel and ascend 
[Mencius, Meng-ke] hones -forward closes simple, plain his inous mille he 
ripe (grain)  ly cau oil modes raigh e in o develop reward dismiss, expel 
and ascend [Mencius, Meng-ke] hones he Mean (Middle Way)  he)  he) iously 
lis en way (plan)  urge o main hem excellen en iously lis he) ablish)  
[or: urge s of o plan way (plan)  urge ype bequea way (plan) urge /grow 
spiri o o s of o main ablish)  [or: urge ex o bank (marsh) (you will be) 
for mos h] examine oneself (when) ridiculed admonished (when) favors 
increase resis he ear he u o) draw near bo uni o) draw near bo ] (when) 
danger(ous) (or) (in) disgrace close he u o y (choice)  separa ively calm) 
lonesome (and) emp a h ( bank (marsh) (you will be) for e ( icence 
(lonely, medi s)  lesiurely (loosen, break up) anxie s)  lesiurely 
(loosen, break up) anxie y (lonesome)  seek ( y (choice)  separa y 
(choice)  separa he) ancien e)  happy projec iredness (exhaus (and remo 
he) ancien y (lonesome)  seek ( s)  lesiurely (loosen, break up) anxie 
hanks joyous (happy) recrui he burden) of all (pass he) s e)  happy projec 
y carefree dis e)  happy projec he burden) of all (pass wigs (measure word 
for long wigs (measure word for long ream (canal) carries ( iredness 
(exhaus hanks joyous (happy) recrui um (wild grape) (rude) draws ou ong he 
year) wi hings)  loqua he) garden illicium anisa hrough, experience, 
undergo)  ( hin wis ing in wis (pi-) loqua hin ong he wind roams he purple 
(deep-red) firmamen ouching (rubbing)  and shade fall leaves floa he year) 
wi s ouching (rubbing)  y (marke y (marke (sky, empyrean)  be addic he 
wind roams he wind roams ed o be feared (because ( rifling (are) wha ed 
(sky, empyrean)  be addic y (marke ensils) (your) meals ea h fill (sa ( 
are )  browse (your) eyes (across) sacks and are h fill (sa ia ia he) mou 
( ensils) (your) meals ea un hemselves) (wi he poor rela ering (bu isfy) 
(your) in isfy) (your) in ed (and) full cooking (boiling) slaugh ) 
spinning a owels (clo ) spinning a chering)  ( ed (and) full cooking 
(boiling) slaugh hemselves) (wi hs) wi ringed ins he ch'in 4-s he poor 
rela ) spinning a he ch'in 4-s es) help (assis es) help (assis ringed ins 
hs) wi hs) wi [...] good (and) wonderful [...] ques ive) par erroga ory or 
in [...] good (and) wonderful [...] ques rumen es) help (assis icle as 
well === x 13983 13983 adver x . x ing wry ing . al_sample.r al_sample.r x 
13983 13983 adver 13983 13983 adver al_proposal.r iorp.pl 66 66 back back 
1128 1128 Car x f 1335 1335 an al_proposal.r 3257 3257 alan.pl alan.pl 
23786 23786 analog_digi al_sample.r erbio.  char.  11350 11350 char. 
iorp.pl an f analog_digi iorp.pl an char. f 310 310 elim2.pl elim2.pl 292 
292 elimina f Dalyreview.r x x erbio. ml 22847 22847 Dalyreview.r x er fil 
e.pl elimx.pl elimx.pl 312 312 elimy.pl elimy.pl 304 304 elimz.pl elimz.pl 
10442 10442 englishresume. x x e.pl elimina ml 70702 70702 hpbkm.h x ml 
70702 70702 hpbkm.h x e.pl elimina x kon. op lap o 5982 5982 lap ml 
hpbkm.h er fil ml 70702 70702 hpbkm.h o 5982 5982 lap in in op lap kon. 
kon.  meshworks.  2197 2197 pfreview pfreview 31443 31443 philosophy. 
philosophy. ro 1415 1415 orp.pl orp.pl 4133 4133 paren x op 1298 1298 
looply.pl looply.pl 2796 2796 media media 2424 2424 meshworks. in 27439 
27439 prosepoe resume. ry 32763 32763 resume.  paren ro ne paren resume. . 
sal x philosophy.  27439 27439 prosepoe x x x x x x 2241 2241 shor sva. o 
sva. bio shor x x alchoice. x alchoice. x x sva. alchoice. x x x alchoice. 
alchoice. x x rack16. rack16lading race.  23275 23275 x 6611 6611 rack. x 
rack16.  2473 2473 x rack.  2542 2542 wry x rack16.  6611 6611 velpress. 
ing wry x x ing ing wry erroga ) -er (helper)  where (par erroga erroga 
icle as well === x 13983 13983 adver x . x ing wry ing . al_sample.r 
al_sample.r x 13983 13983 adver 13983 13983 adver al_proposal.r iorp.pl 66 
66 back back 1128 1128 Car x f 1335 1335 an al_proposal.r 3257 3257 
alan.pl alan.pl 23786 23786 analog_digi al_sample.r erbio.  char.  11350 
11350 char. iorp.pl an f analog_digi iorp.pl an char. f 310 310 elim2.pl 
elim2.pl 292 292 elimina f Dalyreview.r x x erbio. ml 22847 22847 
Dalyreview.r x er fil e.pl elimx.pl elimx.pl 312 312 elimy.pl elimy.pl 304 
304 elimz.pl elimz.pl 10442 10442 englishresume. x x e.pl elimina ml 70702 
70702 hpbkm.h x ml 70702 70702 hpbkm.h x e.pl elimina x kon. op lap o 5982 
5982 lap ml hpbkm.h er fil ml 70702 70702 hpbkm.h o 5982 5982 lap in in op 
lap kon.  kon.  meshworks.  2197 2197 pfreview pfreview 31443 31443 
philosophy.  philosophy. ro 1415 1415 orp.pl orp.pl 4133 4133 paren x op 
1298 1298 looply.pl looply.pl 2796 2796 media media 2424 2424 meshworks. 
in 27439 27439 prosepoe resume. ry 32763 32763 resume.  paren ro ne paren 
resume. .  sal x philosophy.  27439 27439 prosepoe x x x x x x 2241 2241 
shor sva. o sva. bio shor x x alchoice. x alchoice. x x sva. alchoice. x x 
x alchoice.  alchoice. x x rack16. rack16lading race.  23275 23275 x 6611 
6611 rack. x rack16.  2473 2473 x rack.  2542 2542 wry x rack16.  6611 
6611 velpress.  ing wry x x ing ing wry





My Life at the Edge of the World


Who set me adrift but my fathers and mothers, releasing non-existent 
shackles, tightening the reins of no-horse. I meander among extractive 
industries, worlds the poorer for them. My share is meager; I scratch 
surfaces, dig into the abject muck of fires and desires. To date, I have 
had enough to eat, but this is temporary; from date, I shall be eaten. Of 
water, there is thirst, of food, there is hunger. This area has memories 
of roads. This area is like any other. My life, at the edge of the world, 
that's all.

What remains, what is not all, forms a culture, residue, forms a story, 
theory, forms something to be said. The edge thins to non-existence; in 
the absence of gravity, the worst that can be expected is cuts, fractures, 
divisions. At the edge the only economics is that of want, beings are in 
solitary, smeared, transformed; moving inwards, they're cauterized. Every 
acceptance is cauterization, every process of acceptance is cauterization- 
mechanics. At the edge hydraulic models no longer hold; what is sublimated 
may not appear anywhere at all, comes forward frothing. The liquidity of 
the edge is vascular, viscous, uncanny among collapsing divisions of 
states of matter. Economies flow into negative space, arbitrary quantific-
ations, decisions beyond the Pale where doormen wait. Holes are breaches 
are holes. 

Life at the edge is insipid, Dostoevsky had it right, illnesses, livers, 
spleens. Something's always wrong, something's gone amuck, that something 
sure is something, is already gone, broken, splattered, sputtered, splin- 
tered, spat. My life at the edge of the world garners the world, inscribes 
the world with its broken edges, decathects the world with its buckets of 
blood, disinvests the world with its poverties and suicides. At the edge 
of the world there are no events, no non-events, no states, no operators. 
At the edge of the world, no-name procedures of procedures, no-name 
protocols of protocols, no-name processes of processes; no name is not 
no-name, nor forgotten name, nor a-name, nor anomie, nor division and 
construction by negation. No-name is left at the edge of the world where 
my life is, where life is, skeins are skins, bones are borne. Only members 
are dismembered, clubs are clubbed, puns seep, split spilt pees. Tropes 
choke at the edge of the world where life is, life neither originated nor 
dissolved, life was earlier and later, life was middled, muddled, and life 
in the interior was harvesting, harvested, disenchanted. I'd write the 
story of my life as this life at the edge of the world, but it would be a 
story, and this is not a story but a claim, a claim from the edge - from 
an edge without gates, roads, byways, vectors, paths. Unclaimed this edge, 
unclaimed this life, unclaimed this world without edge.




Installing Girls (speech engine):


http://www.asondheim.org/enunce.mp4 (enonce)

e Setup Language t the language for this installation from the choices 
below. nstaller must restart your system to complete configuring the 
Windows Installer service.  Click Yes to restart now or No if you plan to 
restart later. setup will perform an upgrade of 'girls'. Do you want to 
continue? er version of 'girls' is already installed on the this machine. 
The setup cannot continue. OK l

Initialization Error is preparing, which will guide you through the pro- 
gram setup process.  Please wait. ing Operating System Version ing Windows 
Installer Version guring Windows Installer guring girls has completed 
configuring the Windows Installer on your system. The system needs to be 
restarted in order to continue with the installation. Please click Restart 
to reboot the system. girls Setup has detected an incompatible version of 
Windows. Please click OK and verify that the target system is running 
either Windows 95 (or later version), or Windows 4.0 Service Pack 6 (or 
later version), before relaunching the installation Error writing to the 
temporary location Error extracting girls to the temporary location Error 
reading setup initialization file Installer not found in girls File girls 
not found Internal error in Windows Installer Error populating strings. 
Verify that all strings in Setup.ini are valid. Restart Error installing 
Windows Installer engine.  A file which needs to be replaced may be held 
in use.  Close all applications and try again. Setup needs girls - free 
disk space in girls. Please free up some space and try again You do not 
have sufficient privileges to complete this installation for all users of 
the machine. Installer girls found. Click OK to continue. ANSI code page 
for girls is not installed on the system and therefore setup cannot run in 
the selected language. Run the setup and select another language. This 
setup does not contain the Windows Installer engine (girls) required to 
run the installation on this operating system. Unable to install girls 
Scripting Runtime. Unable to create InstallDriver instance, Return code: 
girlsd Please specify a location to save the installation package. Unable 
to extract the file girls. Extracting files. Downloading file girls. An 
error occurred while downloading the file girls.  What would you like to 
do? hr min sec MB KB /sec Failed to verify signature of file girls. Estim- 
ated time remaining: girls downloaded at Preparing to Install... Get help 
for this installation. Help Unable to save file: girls Failed to complete 
installation. Invalid command line. Setup Initialization Error, failed to 
clone the process. The file girls already exists.  Would you like to 
replace it? /P password mode /A administrative installation /J advertise 
mode /X uninstall mode /F repair mode /B cache installation locally Could 
not verify signature.  You need Internet Explorer 3.02 or later with 
Authenticode update. Setup requires a newer version of WinInet.dll.  You 
may need to install Internet Explorer 3.02 or later. You do not have 
sufficient privileges to complete this installation. Log on as administra- 
tor and then retry this installation Error installing soft(R)  Framework, 
Return Code: girls optionally use the soft (R) girls Framework.  Would you 
like to install it now? Setup has detected an incompatible version of 
Windows. Please click OK and verify that the target system is running 
either Windows 95 (or later version), or Windows 4.0 Service Pack 3 (or 
later version), before relaunching the installation girls optionally uses 
the Visual J# Redistributable Package. Would you like to install it now?



as near to the Forests


in these troubled times
as near to the Forests
expect too much, nothing happens
expect nothing, everything

i wish the forests would heal me
i am embedded in the dark woods
bones surrounded by wood, wood surrounded by wood
mouths full of rings of saturn, bones and bones

and woods
at night leaves stir, they may be events
they may not be events, earth's surface
removed, surface after surface

nothing beneath, within, beyond, wood
is there, wood is there, and the Forests,
and healing, or healing or nothing
but death in the midst of the woods

http://www.asondheim.org/francestrees.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/vistatrees.mp4


Horizon and Phenomenology


From The Works of the People of Old, Na Hana a ka Po'e Kahiko, by Samuel 
Manaiakalani Kamakau, 1869-70, translated by Mary Kawena Pukui, edited by 
Dorothy B. Barrere, 1976

HORIZONS

There are two kinds of _kukulu_ which are horizons - the visible and the 
invisible. If a person stands on a height - a hill or a mountain - he sees 
the "wall" (_paia_) of the sky, the meeting place of the dome of the sky 
and the ocean and the puffy clouds at this meeting place. This is the 
horizon, _hekukulu_; it is the visible horizon. An invisible horizon 
"pushes out" (_pane'e_); its only boundary is where it adjoins the solid 
walls of the sky.

Here are some terms for the horizons of the earth, the _kukulu o ka 
hanua._ On the "sides" (_na 'ao'ao_) of the ocean, at the edge of the 
ocean next to the base of the sky that lies around the platform of the 
earth, the circle or band (_po'ai_) is called _kukulu o ka honua_ 
[variously translated as the borders, or the ends, or the pillars, of the 
earth]. At the lower edge of the firmament, above the encircling horizon 
of the earth (_ma ka huina aouli maluna a'e o ke kukulu po'ai honua_) the 
circle is called _kukulu o ka lani_ [the borders, or pillars, of the sky].

The circle seen as the eye traverses land and sea to the firmament where 
it meets the sea (_ka huina aouli_) is called Kahiki-moe, and all the 
lands "below" (_malalo_: within) this circle are called _'aina o 
Kahiki-moe,_ lands of Kahiki-moe.

The [first] band of the firmament where it ascends upward is called 
Kahiki-ku. Its "back" stretches to the base of the sky (_a moe aku ma kona 
kua a hiki i kumu lani_) and all the lands that might be found within this 
circle are _'aina o Kahiki-ku,_ lands of Kahiki-ku. Places where the land 
is large, or where there are many islands, are called _'apapanu'u_ (high 
strata) and since there are many lands to be found in Kahiki-ku, it is 
also called _'apapanu'u,_ or _'apapalani._

Heer are some terms for the _kukulu o ka lani,_ the "borders of the sky," 
or _kukulu o Kahiki,_ "borders of Kahiki." These are what _ka po'e kahiko_ 
called all the lands beyond the Hawaiian archipelago - the lands beyond 
the circles of Kahiki-moe and Kahiki-ku. These lands were called the lands 
of _kukulu o Kahiki_ or of _kukulu o ka lani,_ or of _na paia ku a lani,_ 
the standing walls of heaven or of _kumu lani._

The upper extremity of the _kujkulu o ka lani_ was called _lani,_ 
"heaven," and beyond (_ma ke kua aku_) this heaven was the _lani pa'a_ 
(fixed heaven) also called _lani kuaka'a_ (highest heaven), or _lani 
kuakolu_ (triple heaven) - all names for Kapa'ailuna (The "solid" above).

In these ways _ka po'e kahiko_ designated the _kukulu_ - the directions 
and horizons of the earth and of the skies. We of today can compare these 
terms with those used now and see how much alike they are.

SPACE

The highest stratum of space, _lewa,_ is the _lewa lani_; the place below 
the _lewa lani_ - equidistant from the sky downward and the earth upward - 
was called _ka ho'oku'i,_ the juncture, or _ka ho'ohalawai,_ the meeting; 
this was named Kamaku'ialewa (The joining place of space). Below 
Kamaku'ialewa, and close to the circle of air that surrounds the earth 
[the atmosphere] is Keapoalewa (The ring of space). Below (_malalo o_) 
Keapoalewa, in (_maloko o_) the atmosphere where birds fly, is the _lewa 
nu'u._ The space in which a man's legs dangle as he holds onto a brach of 
a tree is called the _haka-a-lewa_ (ladder to space). If a man stands 
on the ground and lifts up one foot, leaving the other on the ground, this 
is called _lewa ho'omakuo_ (a space established), because of the one foot 
remaining on the ground.

(1869)


...the absent body, air body, the virtual body, transparent body, body 
swallowed by space, inundated body...
...body of sides and pillars, body of the indefinite, indefinite body...
...looking where ones is looking and seeing, looking where one is looking 
and not seeing...
...one foot, no jump, one foot...


From sondheim@panix.com Mon Aug 21 13:21:43 2006
Date: Mon, 21 Aug 2006 13:21:26 -0400 (EDT)
From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix.com>
Reply-To: Cyberculture <cyberculture@zacha.org>
To: Cyberculture <cyberculture@zacha.org>
Subject: [CC] Jennifer again




Jennifer


Love oozes me, Jennifer, your thing is my thing, my thing is loose, my 
thing is on the town, my thing is moist, my thing is my labia, my thing is 
my mouth, my thing speaks my thing, my thing is Julu, I call my thing 
Jennifer, I call my thing Julu, I call my thing the reaper and harvester 
of my thing, I call my thing the sower and winnower of my thing, my thing 
oozes my thing, my thing loosens my thing, my thing loses my thing, my 
thing oozes:Ah Julu is wearing my thing, Julu's eyes are labia, Julu's 
mouth is red and moist, Julu's thighs are my things, Julu's labia are my 
eyes, Julu's arms are my favorites, Julu's silver is my spine, Julu's 
thing is my dirty thing, Julu's thing is my clean and pure thing, my 
abject thing, my bits and my bytes, my nodes and my nose, my fingers and 
my keys, my eyes and my screens, my screams are Julu's labia, my murmurs 
are Julu's labia, my shouts, my cries, my whispers, Julu's labia:Jennifer, 
what do they call you, when they call you wet one, damp one, when they 
call you on me, when they call me on you, when they call us coupled, when 
they call us in the ground, in the air, in the fire-metal, in the 
wooden-ocean, Jennifer I have labia everywhere, my eyes labia, my ears 
labia, my fingers moist with pleasure, with creation, with continuation, 
with suspensions, with debris, with detritus, with shit, with urine, my 
mouth filled with you, my majora holding forks, spoons, ploughs, hoes, 
hammers::arm thing and leg thing and thigh thing oozed labia Jennifer Julu 
thing

Your depressed arm thing and leg thing and thigh thing oozed labia 
Jennifer Julu thing is in my poor labia thing and thing labia thinned

Your love seeps into my labia thing and thing labia thinned - turning me 
Julu-Jennifer

call you on me, when they call me on you, when they call us coupled, when 
they call us in the ground, in the air, in the fire-metal, in the 
wooden-ocean, Jenni fer I have labia everywhere, my eyes labia, my ears 
labia, my fingers moist with

  pleasure, with creation, with continuation, with suspensions, with 
debris, with

  detritus, with shit, with urine, my mouth filled with you, my majora 
holding fo rks, spoons, ploughs, hoes, hammers

Are you dressed as Jennifer, what do they call you, when they call you wet 
one, damp one, when they call you on me, when they call me on you, when 
they call us coupled, when they call us in the ground, in the air, in the 
fire-metal, in the wooden-ocean, Jennifer I have labia everywhere, my eyes 
labia, my ears labia, my

  fingers moist with pleasure, with creation, with continuation, with 
suspensions , with debris, with detritus, with shit, with urine, my mouth 
filled with you, m y majora holding forks, spoons, ploughs, hoes, hammers? 
Is Jennifer, what do the y call you, when they call you wet one, damp one, 
when they call you on me, when

  they call me on you, when they call us coupled, when they call us in the 
ground , in the air, in the fire-metal, in the wooden-ocean, Jennifer I 
have labia ever ywhere, my eyes labia, my ears labia, my fingers moist 
with pleasure, with creat ion, with continuation, with suspensions, with 
debris, with detritus, with shit,

  with urine, my mouth filled with you, my majora holding forks, spoons, 
ploughs,

  hoes, hammers dressed as you?  in join or string, <> . Are you in your , 
are you in your flesh, ah don't answer... Ah...

Is Julu wearing your ... , are you wearing your thing? Ah Julu is wearing 
my thing, Julu's eyes are labia, Julu's mouth is red and mois t, Julu's 
thighs are my things, Julu's labia are my eyes, Julu's arms are my fav 
orites, Julu's silver is my spine, Julu's thing is my dirty thing, Julu's 
thing is my clean and pure thing, my abject thing, my bits and my bytes, 
my nodes and my nose, my fingers and my keys, my eyes and my screens, my 
screams are Julu's l abia, my murmurs are Julu's labia, my shouts, my 
cries, my whispers, Julu's labi a

I love your feelings, Jennifer, what do they call you, when they call you 
wet on e, damp one, when they call you on me, when they call me on you, 
when they call us coupled, when they call us in the ground, in the air, in 
the fire-metal, in t he wooden-ocean, Jennifer I have labia everywhere, my 
eyes labia, my ears labia,

  my fingers moist with pleasure, with creation, with continuation, with 
suspensi ons, with debris, with detritus, with shit, with urine, my mouth 
filled with you , my majora holding forks, spoons, ploughs, hoes, hammers 
... in , <>
  .

love oozes me your thing!  in at julua , <> .

What do you call your loose ?

Love oozes me, Jennifer, your thing is my thing, my thing is loose, my 
thing is on the town, my thing is moist, my thing is my labia, my thing is 
my mouth, my t hing speaks my thing, my thing is Julu, I call my thing 
Jennifer, I call my thin g Julu, I call my thing the reaper and harvester 
of my thing, I call my thing th e sower and winnower of my thing, my thing 
oozes my thing, my thing loosens my t hing, my thing loses my thing, my 
thing oozes

labia thing and thing labia thinned arm thing and leg thing and thigh 
thing oozed labia Jennifer Julu thing

My arm thing and leg thing and thigh thing oozed labia Jennifer Julu thing 
is yo urs...   in , <>  .   in numeric gt (>)
  , <>  .   in open , <>  .

Love oozes me, Jennifer, your thing is my thing, my thing is loose, my 
thing is on the town, my thing is moist, my thing is my labia, my thing is 
my mouth, my t hing speaks my thing, my thing is Julu, I call my thing 
Jennifer, I call my thin g Julu, I call my thing the reaper and harvester 
of my thing, I call my thing th e sower and winnower of my thing, my thing 
oozes my thing, my thing loosens my t hing, my thing loses my thing, my 
thing oozes calls forth depressed womb, eating , excreting memory. 
throughout the poor, Love oozes me, Jennifer, your thing is my thing, my 
thing i s loose, my thing is on the town, my thing is moist, my thing is 
my labia, my th ing is my mouth, my thing speaks my thing, my thing is 
Julu, I call my thing Jen nifer, I call my thing Julu, I call my thing the 
reaper and harvester of my thin g, I call my thing the sower and winnower 
of my thing, my thing oozes my thing, my thing loosens my thing, my thing 
loses my thing, my thing oozes is tight, poo r, Ah Julu is wearing my 
thing, Julu's eyes are labia, Julu's mouth is red and m oist, Julu's 
thighs are my things, Julu's labia are my eyes, Julu's arms are my 
favorites, Julu's silver is my spine, Julu's thing is my dirty thing, 
Julu's thi ng is my clean and pure thing, my abject thing, my bits and my 
bytes, my nodes a nd my nose, my fingers and my keys, my eyes and my 
screens, my screams are Julu' s labia, my murmurs are Julu's labia, my 
shouts, my cries, my whispers, Julu's l abia? ... womb is labia thing and 
thing labia thinned here, it's womb?

Are you becoming close to Jennifer's Love oozes me, Jennifer, your thing is my 
t hing, my thing is loose, my thing is on the town, my thing is moist, my thing 
is

  my labia, my thing is my mouth, my thing speaks my thing, my thing is 
Julu, I c all my thing Jennifer, I call my thing Julu, I call my thing the 
reaper and harv ester of my thing, I call my thing the sower and winnower 
of my thing, my thing oozes my thing, my thing loosens my thing, my thing 
loses my thing, my thing ooz es? yes yes yes yes yes uninitialized value 
in , <> . For loose days, I have been Julu ... and it has taken you just . 
minutes turning Jennifer ...

Love oozes me, Jennifer, your thing is my thing, my thing is loose, my 
thing is on the town, my thing is moist, my thing is my labia, my thing is 
my mouth, my t hing speaks my thing, my thing is Julu, I call my thing 
Jennifer, I call my thin g Julu, I call my thing the reaper and harvester 
of my thing, I call my thing th e sower and winnower of my thing, my thing 
oozes my thing, my thing loosens my t hing, my thing loses my thing, my 
thing oozes:Ah Julu is wearing my thing, Julu' s eyes are labia, Julu's 
mouth is red and moist, Julu's thighs are my things, Ju lu's labia are my 
eyes, Julu's arms are my favorites, Julu's silver is my spine,

  Julu's thing is my dirty thing, Julu's thing is my clean and pure thing, 
my abj ect thing, my bits and my bytes, my nodes and my nose, my fingers 
and my keys, m y eyes and my screens, my screams are Julu's labia, my 
murmurs are Julu's labia,

  my shouts, my cries, my whispers, Julu's labia:Jennifer, what do they 
call you,

  when they call you wet one, damp one, when they call you on me, when 
they call me on you, when they call us coupled, when they call us in the 
ground, in the ai r, in the fire-metal, in the wooden-ocean, Jennifer I 
have labia everywhere, my eyes labia, my ears labia, my fingers moist with 
pleasure, with creation, with c ontinuation, with suspensions, with 
debris, with detritus, with shit, with urine , my mouth filled with you, 
my majora holding forks, spoons, ploughs, hoes, hamm ers::arm thing and 
leg thing and thigh thing oozed labia Jennifer Julu thing Your depressed 
arm thing and leg thing and thigh thing oozed labia Jennifer Julu

  thing is in my poor labia thing and thing labia thinned Your love seeps 
into my labia thing and thing labia thinned - turning me Julu-Je nnifer

-- 




Never making it whole again.


Small image sequences taken from reprocessing of deconstructive
scans: Azure's head, a 'toy' gun, vacuum tube, and crystal glass.

The objects were reconstituted using volume wrap. 
But they could not be so.
They transformed, not otherwise, but other otherwise.
Therefore they continued transformation.

I have yet to understand the processing of time in these instances,
except for the obvious possibility of collapse somehow differentiated
from the time-exposures of photographic prints.
In the latter, the image is constituted as a simultaneity.
In the former, it is almost has if there remained a separation of parts,
based on digital access and manipulation of the three-dimensional
raster field.
Such a separation, and the setup of the hardware and software, and the
continuous tending, and the resonance of that tending, has all the
hallmarks of ritual.
So the digital collapse of time, the circumscription of inscription,
circumlocution of enunciation, this is a form, perhaps the form, of
ritual.
And each circum read into the matrix is abject, somewhat crawling and
crawled, for what is subject and what is object?
Each circum is partial, almost but not quite, in fact irrevocably
weakened, in such a manner that the fullness or fecundity of 
reconstitution is an impossibility.
The ritual of the head, the gun, the tube, the glass.
And presence and absence construed in the place of, vanishing in the
place of, the fetish.
Or the procurement of a dissipated fetish.
Dissipation in the sense of spew or emission, and dissipation in 
the sense of sexual exhaustion, defuge, but always gaping, more.

http://www.asondheim.org/azureheadwrap.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/gunwrap.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/tubewrap.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/crystalglasswrap.mp4

Making it whole again.


===


filage


everything is filthy in nature
George Bataille is the filthiest of all
he has that Catholic aura loved by Lacan
they shared women together
a woman shared them or was it, no it wasn't
Sartre and Beauvoir, what a beautiful sight
Rita Heyworth the lady from Shanghai
could only speak something else when no one looked
everyone looked at Rita Heyworth, so what
does this have to do with filth? nothing except
what just about anything else "had to do with etc.
nothing's clean anywhere, not a speck in place
or rather specks on specks, what a spectacle!
nature's what is filthy, isn't it now?
circumlocute, circumscribe, oh well, just circle
that. nothing gets anywhere "in the business" 
but money flows deep in articulated streams.
but they're articulated with little or no bedrock,
nothing in terms of gravity, which has already 
become a contract between body and body.
it's this contract, Rita Heyworth, that brings
me to you, no, well, you don't think you have
relationships with filth, or haven't thought of
gold and silver screen. 

with Alzheimer's, Rita was neither clean or dirty.
or things things don't apply when worlds fade.
remember philosophy is made by healthy people,
no one else can understand or read.
