

big loss sutra


i make over people, i move, make each touchable. other. i touch. all sutra 
resistance. resistance. they are other. refuse moon-bay, moon-bay. 
avatars, (digital) within the sublime; the digital is sublime, infinite 
there {avatars are backed, at the back of infinite space}.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6ZHEw2mKX0

[apologies, deleted http://www.asondheim.org/riverswanted.mp4
i needed the space.]

the cutting, the flesh, the sound. This trauma has stayed with me my
loved the feel and the sound and... I wrote like crazy this year, it was
in music/soundwork.
planes above us - the _sound_ of it?). I envied their clear and evident
this slow piece... maud gone / asunder, foofwa distraught, exultant,
untouchables all over again
i make my people move all over each other. i make my people touchable.
this sutra a sutra of resistance. they refuse the other. moon-bay.
{avatars back at it; within the (digital) sublime, there is infinite 
space. or so they thought. until the other.}

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6ZHEw2mKX0

the sound. cutting, This flesh, has sound. trauma has stayed cutting, with 
the flesh, I feel like a crazy sound, and... I 
was written, loved like the crazy feel and sound - it was 
in music/soundwork.

planes above it? I - envied _sound_ clear of and evident - envied above us 
clear and evident, a slow _sound,_ a maud piece... a gone maud / gone 
asunder, / foofwa asunder, distraught, foofwa exultant, distraught, this 
exultant, slow untouchables all over again

i make over people, i move, make each touchable. other. i touch. all sutra 
resistance. resistance. they are other. refuse moon-bay, moon-bay. 
avatars, (digital) within the sublime; the digital is sublime, infinite 
there {avatars are backed, at the back of infinite space}.


erhu

the digital is sublime, infinite {avatars are backed, at the back of 
infinite space}

digital {0,1} constitutes a spectrum degree zero; if one is below, 0
is above; if 0 is below, 1 is above. since nothing exists between one
and the other, nothing from one is attainable by the other; one and
the other are mutually sublime. the backs of avatars are against the
wall of digital space; there's nowhere left to go.

understand this and you understand the phenomenology of the digital-
in-relation, the analog-in-relation.

http://www.asondheim.org/erhu.wav chinese erhu with echo and filtering
beautiful music

http://www.asondheim.org/godandnumbers.mp3 shortwave numbers station 
colliding with religious preaching, filtered transmission
beautiful sound



Hell, 1930

http://www.asondheim.org/hell.mov documents what happens when two dancers 
complete the "octopus dance" - long a traditional Switzerland favorite - 
dangerously close to a cliff edge overlooking the famed Aletsch Glacier. 
Oh they dance, fine enough, but what would happen if the bluff gave way, 
the mesa shifted, cliff collapsed? Buried under tons of rubble, jammed 
into crevice after crevice, Swiss culture would be the poorer. Let us give 
these stellar performers their due, their magnificent bodies carrying the 
hallmarks of their trade. Dance is close to prostitution, but since the 
Swiss government lavishly spends on the country's cultural heritage, these 
two have been rescued from a life of unbelievable perdition. Appalause for 
these dancers, who continued in spite of all the obstacles life's thorny 
path has thrown into their way. Too bad the woman has left the profession, 
such as it is, departed for parts unknown, to start a new life far from 
Alpine pastures. Here, then, the remarkable, almost aerial, duets from two 
of the most remarkable dancer in recent memory! 
http://www.asondheim.org/hell.mov

Foofwa - This is an open letter of sorts. I've been working with materials 
from Geneva for over two months now, not including the third trip itself. 
In the irreality of the image - an image the opposite of the punctum, an 
image surrounded by an imaginary gnawing at the surface content - I've 
lost myself, almost become sick. Distance in time and distance in space 
are both inherently obdurate, unbreachable; there are no jump cuts in the 
real, and if I've made an error in video for example, it remains an error, 
cut off from the source. It's not only the affaire-Maud (aM forthwith), 
but the very notion that such affaires now, are at a distance; they are a 
constancy. The Alps, the Aletsch glacier, retreat into the format of a 
picture book, and with every step of that retreat, something is lost 
within the haptic; touch has disappeared, replaced by "communication" 
which already foreshadows the permanency of distance. 

There is something else, however, which is the defuge or decathecting, 
which began with aM but continued as time advanced. Every video I made 
with the Geneva or Alps material involved a yanking-back; I couldn't 
return to the measure of the real, for example, that the four of us most 
likely felt in the grange. This relates to memory in general - in this 
case, differentiated (in the sense of a formal operation upon internal 
time consciousness) and exacerbated; to crawl back would be to be torn to 
shreds upon the spikes of events, words, adjectives, vowels. Yet it has 
been a long time since I've been so close to the bone with a subject, in 
particular one so close itself to the sublime.

I'm tired of naked bodies and after aM, they become a kind of litter 
reminiscent of war. And all the movements such bodies might made, from 
falling and failing to flying and fleeing - spanning the continuum from 
suicide to death - just so - not tiredness, no, certainly not arousal, not 
disinterest - perhaps the flight of something which never really 
approached. Day after day I've looked through image after image, tape 
after tape, as if some secret would arise through special effects of even 
juxtaposition; what occurred instead was an internal mapping of every step 
all of us took physically and psychologically through that, and every 
other, landscape.

Every organism is an organism of and by slaughter, every landscape, a 
landscape of death. Hannibal's elephants haunt the Alps. Where nothing 
lives always has fuzzy boundaries where the limited exigencies of life are 
contested. I think of the unholy matri-patrimony of aM and what it has led 
to, almost a denial that only Rilke was capable of. Actually climbing to 
the bluff, the church, the grave, seems an impossible memory now, as if I 
have robbed the experience of another. Memories always teeter on the verge 
of recognition.

So this is to say, and not to say, that the work from Geneva and the Alps 
has entered a period of dormancy, one with an almost-consciousness of 
waiting. The rocks still gnaw at me; I think of the possibility of climb- 
ing between the twin peaks near La Gruyere. That would be an _episode._

So the work continues, wide-awake, and has entered a period of illustra- 
tion, as time distances and we become increasingly disinvested of psycho- 
logical trauma, if not of psycho-history itself. I manipulate images of a 
woman I don't know, have never known, among motions and images of the rest 
of us. That this would lead back to Aletsch, through Blatten to Belalp, is 
both a dream and an obsession. And we would be there in this false spring, 
when the world supports clear skies and a kind of moody warmth that 
appears after great exertion. And that one or another would be furiously 
creating. And that that, would be that.



My Best Times and Best Writing! At least I think so... :-(

Sometimes supreme happiness comes my way as a fold or potential field 
opening up vast possibilities and new horizons. All these languages that 
grace my shelves! Fijian, Tahitian, Tibetan, Pali, Sanskrit, Romansch - 
the world blooms with new grammars, new structures for organizing the 
universe acoustically! Now I also play the erhu, some simple north- 
Saharan-like repetitive trance-songs - and harmonicas (I just read a poem 
which included a "mouth-organ" in The Ladies' Home Journal Treasury from 
1956 - I've mentioned this book before, there's even a reproduction of a 
cover by Sargent! And the harmonic minor (C minor) harp from Lee Oskar is 
fantastic! I walk down the street making up Yiddish tunes as I go. And 
speaking of which - yes, on the short-wave, or upper middle-wave, around 
1700, there's Rebs galore, what seems to be a Chassidic station in Yiddish 
and Hebrew - and the tunes are fantastic. I just installed a very old 
version of Final Cut Pro on my Mac Powerbook, and here it is, burning 
madly away, a new piece - it can take it's time, I have other machines, 
I'm rattling away on this new laptop which I need for my also new class in 
Beginning Filmmaking at Brown! This was through Leslie Thornton - the 
class emphasizes digital everything except the camera - in a way it's the 
phenomenology of film itself that's at stake! Here's a frame - what do 
you want to do with it? The Flower Ornament Sutra keeps my busy at night - 
and there are so many wonderful books here - Roberto Harrison's writings 
are nothing short of incredible, intense, abstracted, neuro-psychological, 
what does that mean?, slightly conceptualized, veering, always fascinating 
- and one can always go back to Kristeva's Language, The Unknown - how 
young she was then! - which reminds me of my continuous mourning-the-Alps 
and that never to be reproduced / revisited trip which produced probably 
fifteen or twenty hours of brilliant dance, video, soundwork, even just 
pacing the middle of the European continent, such as it is. And then that 
unforeseen trip to Rilke's grave in Raron - and the Duino, the Orpheus, 
the letters to Merline, and now Erich Heller's The Disinherited Mind, 
which I can always recommend as an old friend - here I am on the chapter 
about Nietzsche and Rilke! Not really a small world - I've been look for 
commentary - it just came along! Just as the wonderful O'Reilly book on 
Unicode - I mean really really wonderful! arrived after Sandy told me 
about it - I ordered a review copy - it's just the thing of course for 
codeworkers or anyone wanting to understand the potential of the graphemic 
universe transformed into universals given this-and-that tolerance class 
and an always already limited digital space! It's sitting right next to 
another review copy - this is PC Music, the easy guide, 3rd edition - and 
here I am on the Mac, making new video and audio, and on an old Mac! But 
this is what I found for the PC - something called the Taksi Desktop Video 
Recorder at Source Forge which promises great things, translating window 
into usable footage - as if video were still "footage" - one can imagine 
of course that 24 frames a second really implies these rectangles moving 
by us one by one - this is far from the truth now. It's all internal, it 
can be any way one wants! Unlike Badiou - and I have so much Badiou - and 
it reads like stringent iron, that truth that binds just about everything 
and then of course veers off into poetry and art - the French are like 
that - I think Kristeva's one of the best, not to mention M. Derrida. More 
and more I've been listening to disembodied voices on the shortwave - not 
the Net - which is so flat, so predictable - shortwave space - radio space 
- is deep space, the deepest space - you might or might not hear a signal 
- signals and stations come and go - static of all sorts intervenes - 
static itself is interesting - and listen to this! I picked up a numbers 
station a couple of nights ago - the same comforting female voice, Spanish 
numbers - even around the same place on the dial - about 6800 Mhz - that 
seems to be like a singles bar for spies - anyone can join in - the code's 
unbreakable of course, which just goes to show what one-to-one encryption 
can do - I mean both ends have the same code book - there's no structure, 
no rhyme or reason - you can't break a structureless code unless you've 
got the book or massive processing - and if the book's unique, even that - 
the processing - produces nothing. So you're listening to clear imperv- 
iousness. The other night, our cat got really sick - for the first time we 
sprayed for the larger cockroaches - I hate killing, but they were begin- 
ning to swarm - when they were injured, we put them outside, praying for 
their revival, karma, just elsewhere - anyway I think the cat caught 
something or other - not sure - but she became lethargic, drinking a lot - 
there was vomit and diarrhea - she's recovered well now and again purrs 
constantly which keeps us going; there are odd words in Sanskrit that 
relate to English words like 'middle' or 'calculator' - some languages 
from our parochial viewpoint just seem to meander - meanwhile that first 
video I did tonight - it was horrifying! apocalyptic! - as if sex and 
violence and death and suicide were all entangled in the television image 
- and this in less than a minute and a half - I don't dare show it! It's 
far too graphic, too disturbing! At least for me - something like the 
avatar head pieces I did a while ago - but those were excusable! They went 
somewhere, said something! - This is just a dead-end piece; I found Waite 
and Dion Fortune on the Kabbalah - ok, I've read the real thing, the 
Zohar, know some Hebrew, used to know a bit about the Sephirot and for 
that matter used to know some Kabbalists - I mean people who really 
studied this stuff, obviously in the original, reminds me of Dogen - 
anyway - the Waite and Fortune are something else entirely - it's that 
weird British thing that sent ladies to ashrams - maybe the thing Koestler 
objected to in The Lotus and the Robot - just checked - the new video came 
out amazing - by which I mean that I've never seen anything like it - 
that's what keeps me going - when a world opens up like that - so I've 
been trading off books, paring them down - unfortunately there's more 
equipment around - I can't help that - without money, with all this stuff, 
we'll still starve - but the image will be ok. I'm one of those people 
with "irons in the fire"! I'm a "hot potato"!  I've got "something on my 
mind"! I'm forever planning, forever Amber! I've been using the linux 
Zaurus 5600 again - it's fairly old as these things go now - small computer 
looking like a PDA - but with linux, one can do anything! Speed means 
something completely different in linux! Anyway I'm playing scrabble games 
and wondering if they somehow do increase neural connectivities - I sure 
hope so! PJ O'Rourke was on television today, a three-hour interview - it 
was fantastic, memories of Hunter Thompson - they were close - said that 
Hunter never figured it out - what to do after 50 - and collapsed - anyway 
didn't that whole period collapse? I saw Bobby Seale talking as well and 
got Soul on Ice again - just the force of language then - it's already 
going to read like history, flattened into non-existence - look at Marx's 
Capital or the theses or manifesto or whatever - it all reads like a 
whisper - that's happening to the Situationists - culture speeds - the way 
we're working now - all this distributivity - it's impossible to relate to 
modernism, I mean the telephone, old-time baseball, network television, 
the structure of Shakespeare or Hemingway. You can feel the canons passing 
in the night! When the caissons go rolling along! It's true what they say 
- it's all over before it began - this species - our own - is in full 
bloom - I mean in the technical sense - we're the red tide of the planet 
itself! Look at the deaths we leave in our wake! Look at the wakes we 
don't have for our dead! Who has the time! Hundreds of thousands dead in 
Iraq - no time - it's the killing fields - American men and women - the 
remnants of the anthem - I hope I can trade some of my cassettes to Steve 
Tobin who produced my latest CD - I'm remembering things like the Factory 
stuff or Sleep Chamber - just like Ayler but maybe fifteen or twenty years 
later than Ayler - there's some kind of absolute there - it's gone now - 
you'd think when things reach some sort of climax - Daniel Buren say - 
stuff's all over - but the truth is, people like to look at stuff and 
listen to stuff and it doesn't really matter whether it's been done before 
or not - it's the wonder of the world that's coming through to them, just 
like with the shortwave, and with all of the noise of the shortwave as 
well. I'm trying to place Grotowski - his poor theater in all senses of 
the word ended up at Irvine where he's world-famous - why not? That 
Artaud-like anguish seems to have vanished in favor of memory, but what do 
I know - I never knew in the first place. People are afraid of sexual work 
- it remains some kind of taint - what the three of us did at the Grutli 
set up disturbances a couple of magnitudes greater - how to release the 
tape - Crepuscule (Twilight) or some such - I can never remember plurals - 
for example it's Gruyeres for the area, but it's La Gruyere for the town - 
the cheese is incredible; they use robots similar to the new library ones 
but in the cheese factory they turn over I think seventy-five pound disks 
of the stuff for perfect aging. And it does age perfectly! Gruyere cheese 
or raclet cheese are amazing! I'm sure my spelling's a mess again. I never 
listen to cultural-political writers unless they're in power. All that 
energy in a posteriori analysis. I need someone to say - the bomb's going 
off in maybe an hour from now, here's the address, the people that did it, 
the reasons why, etc. etc. - and really have this down - not someone from 
the group itself - although that would be interesting - yes, maybe that - 
all this sudden speculation on/about Islam - our country isn't even pub- 
escent - there's not that much sex! - We're like infants with guns! - You 
know what a mess that is - even our speech is brutal - we're so drunk with 
brutality we don't recognize it - it's not in front of us, or what we 
swallow - it's our essence, it's our core, our primatology - and for that 
matter everyone else's - but the power and the waste is here. I've got to 
get the small Afghani rebab strung up - try ukelele strings? - one of the 
catgut broke - if my hearing were better in terms of native pitch, the 
erhu would be a piece of cake - it's not, but the rebab at least has three 
frets - not much to go on, but something. The ceiling crack in our loft 
has been widening; the beams might be broken and among other nightmares I 
imagine the whole thing collapsing. We've got a metering device on them.




the abject image

the youtube here is horrible; the result is a travesty, a total mess, 
awful. the update video page didn't take - in other words, i can't change 
a thing except delete. please do to the 2nd url below - it's really much 
better. 

tell everyone to ignore the first.

fast diffuse integration
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ct7VIttw_-w
slow sharp differentiation
http://www.asondheim.org/hundreds.mp4

made from pieces of stuff.

ripped off from yesterday's skin.




Two Subjects 


Subject: homage to Brakhage, little-seen footage from 1958

http://www.asondheim.org/brakhagebreakage.mp4

Subject: blurb for our upcoming show at Millennium in New York

(date to be announced)

Crepuscle (Twilight) explores the exigencies of dance, eroticism, cultural
restriction, and arousal; it was edited from over a dozen segments in
Geneva. The work tenders the null-point of language, a point where words
stutter, where the body takes over, where cultural tropes are transformed
and lost. It's the deliberate creation of repressed memories. It challenges
the conventions of dance - turning dance inside-out. For the
three of us, it's the culmination of an erotic element in our work that has
all been lost in contemporary culture. Crepuscle rides the muscle of the
body and jouissance, opening a territory which remains virtual, haunting.

A number of short works with Foofwa, shot in Geneva, Gruyeres, and the
Aletsch Glacier in the Swiss Alps, will also be shown.


memories of rilke, articulated, segmented, a grave condition

http://www.asondheim.org/gravetalkerl.mp4

hello maud, when you read this, rilke will be dead
rilke he cleansed hands of the killing-fields
foofwa, he cleansed hands of the killing floor
see them both

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1K34-UmJQE
ianother version on YouTube made especially for YouTube
therefore no avatar nudity
therefore no avatar nudity
therefore no avatar nudity

a grave condition, a clean break

bodyvlf1

bodyvlf up for short time @ http://www.asondheim.org/bodyvlf.mp4

Antenna-sex-wire electronic interference coupling bodies modeled living 
theater stuttered aura field aural field 

The nudity-filled feature will be accompanied by a behind-the-scenes 
documentary, which will be released as a separate DVD or as a bonus DVD 
feature. ...

Alphabetical: and answered are back blind cleansed cured dead deaf Go good 
gospel have he hear heard is John lame lepers leprosy messengers news poor 
... On whatever any of them falls when they are dead, it shall be unclean; 
whether it is ... and it shall be unclean until the evening; so it shall 
be cleansed. ... Alphabetical: and are blind cleansed cured dead deaf good 
gospel have hear is lame lepers leprosy news poor preached raised receive 
sight The them those to ...

It's useful today to remember that there was a time when partisanship took 
second place to trust and the House leadership had the strength to wash 
its own ...

The nudity-filled feature will be accompanied by a behind-the-scenes 
documentary, which will be released as a separate DVD or as a bonus DVD 
feature. ...

Weblog supportive of reelecting the president, including lots of links. 
Matt Margolis runs this blog.

Canadian Airways in Winter, (ar) Boy's Own Paper Jan 1936 ... John 
Greenway Turns the Tables, (ss) Collins' for Boys and Girls Apr 1950. 
HAUSSER, E. (chron. ...

Antenna-sex-wire electronic interference coupling bodies modeled living 
theater stuttered aura field aural field 



Moving Her Body in Her Second Life

Today I revisited Second Life and gave new Life to my Avatar and now Her 
Body moves just like I would move if I had a File called God.

God makes Dojoji move and God infuses Her with Life new-born, glorious 
Life, lovely in Conception and Deed. I cannot say enough about Her 
Appearance, but it will remain with me until the Rapture, when she will 
lead the Procession of Salvation, Holiest among the Holy, Saved among the 
Saved, New-Born among the New-Born.

http://www.asondheim.org/flop.mov

Yes, and Delicious with the Sweetness of the Nectar of the Lord. I would 
love Her Strong, were it not for my Love of God; I would worship Her, were 
it not for Strong Salvation. She shall Ascend to the Holy of Holies; She 
will draw me up; I will not be far behind. For She accords me the Grace of 
Creation, just as I accord her the Wager of Sin.

Together we shudder at the very Sight of the Eternal, We Love each Other 
so very much!


Is it Possible?

By Al Dubin and Jimmy McHugh (1939)

Is it possible you're possessable in the moonlight?
Is it possible you're caressable in the dark?
It can't be true someone like you would kiss me,
This must be heaven, this can't be a park,
Is it possible you're a "yes"able sort of person?
Then a wedding ring could make ev'rything quite all right,
For if you heart is "throbable," it's probable you might,
Is it possible you're possessable tonight.

http://www.asondheim.org/bodyvlf3.mov

Sweet Thing

By Joe Young, Abel Baer, and Fred E. Ahlert (1939)

Sweet Thing, you did that thing to my heart,
I want you, I need you, I do--
Sweet Thing, I simply can't get enough of you.
Sweet Thing, you came and "bing" went my heart,
It's beating, repeating your name,
Sweet Thing, now you're the top in my Hall of Fame.
While passing by you smiled at me so friendly,
The day was so languid and warm,
And there stood I with nothing to defend me, 
No wonder you took me by storm.
Sweet Thing, you did that thing to my heart,
I sigh and I laugh and I sing,
Here's why, because you're everything,
Sweet Thing.



My Promise to You

1. Rearrangement

No 
Sex

The do promise sex of again. no I sex. will I not will have not nudity do 
The sex promise again. of have will nudity not again mention in body my 
parts texts. again. mention perfect body again parts in be will perfect 
not newborn characterize characterize I men will or be women newborn 
sexual will violence not activity will work. again masturbation again work 
in and my intercourse swamped am will swamped not with have attention 
intercourse given sex, to nudity, the body sex, parts, nudity, sexual 
parts, sexual violence, given activity, the masturbation, work. exhausted 
masturbation, by and televised motion motion sex, picture photographed 
photographed dreamed dreamed by spoken may poetics with may and dance sex, 
dance-video not images dance-video violence. I never have done will 
frightened am encounters strangers. strangers. am meetings unaccustomed 
unaccustomed with space. write write lonely lonely space. place, I 
forsaken will places, not ruined Ruins places. do Ruins not tired am being 
of misunderstood. playing playing tired misunderstood am boohoo tired 
little of boy. being boy boy. who of does being good. misogynist 
misogynist no burns I at tired stake, stake, erects stake, children tired 
stake. organs dumb children organs at description stake. organs. write 
politics and without politics words without actions will that learn learn 
never forgiven. will go I on. will film sight sound to sight to dance.

2. My Promise

No Sex

The promise of no sex. I will not do sex again. I will not have nudity 
again in my texts. I will not mention body parts again. I will be perfect 
again. I will be newborn again. I will not characterize men or women 
again. I will not have sexual violence again in my texts. I will not have 
sexual activity again in my work. I will not have masturbation again in my 
work and will not have intercourse in my work. I am swamped with attention 
given to the sex, nudity, body parts, sexual violence, sexual activity, 
masturbation, and intercourse in my work. I am exhausted by sex. I am 
exhausted by televised sex, motion picture sex, photographed sex, dreamed 
sex, spoken sex, poetics of sex. I may work with dance and sex and 
dance-video and sex. I will not work with images of sexual violence. I 
will not do sexual violence. I have never done sexual violence. I have 
never done violence. I am frightened of violence. I am frightened by 
encounters with strangers. I am frightened of meetings in unaccustomed 
space. I will not write of violence in lonely place, forsaken places, 
ruined places. Ruins write my texts. Ruins do not write sex, do not write 
sexual violence. I am tired of being misunderstood. I am tired of playing 
the misunderstood boohoo little boy. I am tired of being the little boy 
who does no good. I am tired of being the misogynist who burns women at 
the stake, who burns men at the stake, who erects the stake, who burns 
children at the stake. I am tired of dumb organs and description of dumb 
organs. I will write politics without sex and politics without sexual 
violence and politics without sexual words and politics without words or 
actions that may be misunderstood. I will learn to be good. I will never 
be forgiven. I will learn to go on. I will learn to write again. I will 
learn to film again. I will learn sound and sight again. I will learn to 
dance.


VirtualBody

http://www.asondheim.org/virtualbody.mp4 */long/*

This is the final solution of the virtual body, the solution down to the 
bone where the flesh is irrelevant, the muscular body of atrophied 
muscles, the wired body switched off, the wired body switched on - this is 
the perfect perfected pure virtual body, the aerial body of antenna and 
ground

this is the shattered body, body shattered against itself, body of songs 
and delights, unspeaking and unspeakable body

it might be said that sex, for me, was only a detour, that this body has 
been the construct-construction of years - the rendering of these few 
moments left (of the shattered body, the final solution) taking only a 
matter of twenty hours or twelve-hundred minutes for perfect production, 
frame by frame, image by image, the coalescence of nature-culture like 
none other, the immanent shattered by the imminent

only the necessity of knowing the absence of sex and all desire, the 
useless remnant of violence crawling out of our civilization - only this 
necessity is a reminder of the interior of pollution incohering, stripped 
from life and limb, corpuscule and tissue

nothing is in favor of the light 'here,' nothing is 'here' nor was nor 
would have been (nothing exemplary anyway)

The Text of the Procurer:

:lives always has fuzzy boundaries where the limited exigencies of life 
are:landscape of death. Hannibal's elephants haunt the Alps. Where 
nothing:Every organism is an organism of and by slaughter, every 
landscape, a:have robbed the experience of another. Memories always teeter 
on the verge:to, almost a denial that only Rilke was capable of. Actually 
climbing to:

http://www.asondheim.org/virtualbody.mp4 */long/*

Devour the bluff, the church, the grave, seems an impossible memory now, 
as if I Brought Forth through lives always has fuzzy boundaries where the 
limited exigencies of life are!

landscape of death. 
nothing 
the haunted. of landscape, the landscape of death.
where nothing of the landscape of death.
where nothing lives and nothing is the landscape of death.

The Recognition. 
slaughter.verge.
the saturation. the dead-sex link with death and pain.
the dead linkage.



virtual body vb
it made it up for a while I think - the same as the 48 meg but even more 
compressed.
look at the previous text for a description.
tools used were luma and chroma keying (both positive and negative), 
positive and negative video echo, displaced overlays, expanded time, 
hue shift, brightness/contrast changes, saturation changes. it took 
far too long. i wanted the image to 'keep' through the changes but 
lose the body and sexuality; i wanted the dance-movement of the wires,
the body shattered; i wanted a lot of things that might not have 
happened; i still want a lot of things that won't ever happen. boohoo
i'm so sad for me
virtualbody @
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbapIr8K_Ls
as long as it lasts, as long as they let it up

if you haven't seen some of the other vids, check them out, they're short

yipes!

yassmee ,yargeva yahte ,yahchcru yahte ,yalbffu yahte yacta yaghthrou 
yalhanniba'yas yafo yasmorgani yaghrou yawlandscape yanthau yalpsa. 
yangnothi yawwhere yawlandscape yasmathesi yaothingnay yasstorie yawage 
... yashengli yawcountryside, yanca yawyou yandfi yarothe yadpunche 
yardsca yaweliminate yaevery yasmorgani yasi yana yafo yanda yaby yasplace 
yani yawlondscopo, yawo yagpi-yanlati yaeveryway yaorganismway yaisway 
yaanway yaorganismway yaofway yasday, yawi ... yawgamo yadsai yawhe yadha 
yatno yadengage yani yaxse yathwi yanruehlma. yawlandscape, yawjunkie 
yawjulu ... yaxtte yanmanipulatio yasexample yalnorma yaevery yasmorgani 
yangclimbi yarslaughte, yaevery yawlandscape, yawa yackba yaghthrou yawka 
yawi yafi yawgooglescrape (yawra) ,yanwo yangcompili yaslive yasalway 
yasha yafuzzy yasboundarie yawwhere yawthe yawthe yawlknnsmkpo, yaevery 
yasmorgani yasi yana yasmorgani yafo yanda yaby yarslaughte, yadsqueeze? 
yaryou yak yaevory yaalpsway. yaerewhay yawimpossible yana yamssee 
yawgrave, yawthe yarchchu, yawthe yaffblu, yaevery yana yasmorgani yafo 
yanda yaby yarslaughte, yatwha yawdo yawyou yallca yaryou yawhave yanda 
yaby yawthose yarothe yangolde yaandway yaybay yaannibalhay'yasay 
yaelephantsway yaaunthay yafo yaxse yawto, yasha yawrilke yarchchu, 
yarchchu, yawrilke yadle yaldenia yamyrome yawelbissopmi yawna yaany yafo 
yawthe yanchristia yawrampage yandse yani yathdea ... yalspisto, yawthe 
yashcla, yaro yaproperly yawvi yalhanniba'yas yalpsa. yawlandscape yasi 
yasi yawlandscape yawwhere yaactually yarchchu, :yag/^/yawmo0 
yalhanniba'yas yaha... yaryou yastlo-yabody-yansski yaware yaryou 
yawjuice? yawi yawlove yasmorgani yasi yamssee yana yawimpossible yamemory 
yawno, yasa yafi yawi yasi yarsyou... yaware yawyou yaethay yasmorgani 
yasi yana yasmorgani yafo yanda yaby yacountry yafo yaldco: yasstorie yafo 
yaxse yaxse yantharassme yanda yathdea, yaslandscape yafo yalphysica 
yanspatterso yalfictiona yatdebu, yafo yarfo 1 yawthe yasmorgono yaso yano 
yasmorgono yafo yando yaby yarslooghto, yaovory yawthese yangsfeeli, 
yagsdru - yasa yawno, yamemory yarslaughte, yaevery yawlandscape, yawa 
yaryou yadsqueeze yasi yawthe yacurrency yaryou yagdru - yarslaughte, 
yaevery yawlandscape, yawa yawlandscape yamxeli.yapl yaevery yanbee yawa 
yaevory yarqknssmo yass yakn yarqknssmo yapo yaknn yaly yarslkuqrto, 
yaovory yascase yadtrea yastli yamthe... yamy yawthe yaffblu, yawthe 
yarchchu, yawthe yawgrave, yawthe yavre yawi yawfi yawsa yaevery yarliquo 
yawstore yawname yawto yaryou yarhunge! yasthi yaevery yasmorgani yasi 
yana yasmorgani yafo yaninterpretatio yafo yathdea yanwhe yangdecidi 
yawsimple yarlpe yamprogra yaltsresu: yawgive yawa



the session of creation

[Alan Sondheim joined the session]
[Alan Sondheim started recording]
Alan Sondheim: Listening to this session for the echo in the room. 
16-Jan-2007 16:15:14 GMT
Alan Sondheim: "Recording this session" "Listening to this session" 
16-Jan-2007 16:15:25 GMT
Alan Sondheim: I remember when I used to write into the void,
there were great hollows, condors, sublime worlds beyond worlds 
16-Jan-2007 16:16:18 GMT
Alan Sondheim: And because the worlds were beyond worlds, because of this, 
there were worlds invisible, worlds hidden by the truths of others. 
16-Jan-2007 16:16:47 GMT
Alan Sondheim: They recorded only as echoes, they sounded only as echoes. 
16-Jan-2007 16:17:04 GMT
Alan Sondheim: That was the beginning of appearance, that was the ending 
of dreams. 
16-Jan-2007 16:17:30 GMT
[Alan Sondheim stopped recording]
 


the disappearance of performers

123 through Incidence performers, Foofwa d'Imobilite, sFx Alan Sondheim
YouTube not bad here:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkHhzj_x3wo
Fuller version:
http://www.asondheim.org/123.mp4

early rediscovered instrumental rehearsal tapes (73?- 75?) w/ Laurie 
Anderson (violin), Alan Sondheim (mandolin, guitar)

http://www.asondheim.org/lauriealan4star.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/lauriealan5star.mp3

the rediscovery of a tenuous history of culture and net before collapse

early tapes with other performers forthcoming



strange video and other audio

strange video 
lecturing on nabil kanso on google tv 
i don't know who put this up 
i didn't 
i seem to touch my face a lot
i lost weight
i jumped up and down with the analog video frame
who am i what have i done

http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=1019448160506157197&q=%22Alan+Sondheim%22&hl=en

i knew kanso but don't know what he's up to

=====

more from archive: david smith, alan sondheim, 198?
sondheim, guitar, smith, electronic setups

http://www.asondheim.org/davidalan1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/davidalanstar2.mp3

notes from conversation w/ david bohm, 1974?

http://www.asondheim.org/davidbohmnotesmall.mp3

music with chris frantz & others, 1973?

http://www.asondheim.org/franzstarsection1.mp3

i want to i want to die. old. my are want want i want to die. my skin i 
want to die. to dead from and try i old. from from old. to i want to die. 
my words my i want to die. try dead words head. bones to old. my lead. 
falls i'm my lead. drop dead are drop won't my my my my be you cold. my my 
won't kill head. are dead drop yourself. be skin are from kill take drop 
and my won't with kill from cold. drop with with lead. skin my yourself. 
me take head. falls won't me me won't from drop with to me drop head. kill 
to you there. words won't with grave you. lead. like with i'll the 
yourself. lead. kill the your me won't won't with slave. i'll me won't 
with your my you kill yourself. the is your you. kill me brain gone the 
take with your sleeps my me me the and sleeps i'll you. me brain ill is 
you take be ill ill your me the sleeps i'm and the you brain alone. i'm my 
to be ill burn forever. i'll grave sleeps and joints is grave brain joints 
every ill your your ill moment and gone your and sever. cancer i'm brain 
brain joints up every sleeps brain ill gets churns joints gone sleeps 
every day. cancer in and joints the day. and sleeps ill gets hell up 
weather in sever. hell hell sever. ill joints day. never the joints i'm 
gets never pay moment i'm sever. to i there's and burn the won't enough 
gets burn gets enough sleep. to every every to continue won't churns every 
the sleep. i never cancer gets enough over. i'll day. gets to i over. time 
churns day. sleep. knife i hell churns time knife is i day. to fall 
syllables over. pay there's sleep. syllables syllables sleep. to time 
knife time knife time pay fall time no continue never sleep. begone 
phonemes. suicide. won't i knife phonemes. for fall i i for and begone 
i'll i'll begone vow phonemes. every i'll knife and moans no i fall for 
murmurs vow is i syllables moans last for over. knife and constricted 
moans syllables every for constricted constricted phonemes. is begone 
murmurs heard last no suicide. and heard heard and syllables for 
constricted rattle gargle for no moans rattle death vowels time and the 
ago throat. phonemes. harder constricted i years murmurs phonemes. moans 
years it heard and and the now. i gargle and constricted it wallow death 
moans murmurs years history it throat. moans heard in no years last 
constricted it cares wallow heard gargle years one cares i throat. heard 
in there's history death i have there's there's it heard years cares time 
one years death in for time wallow rattle have there's my for i ago cares 
skin it. history ago in it. my there's it it there's skin skin no it one 
folds bones time in in it. my my cares in there's fold bones it. no cares 
my mind. bones it one it. creased mind. skin cares there's fold kill my no 
it folds kill kill folds there's it. mind. no creased it. time fold no i 
skin time folds me to please skin my creased think want fold my fold want 
wake me my my me scared think bones my creased wake crawl no bones fold 
want bed. up mind. fold me crawl bed. longer bones mind. wake and crawl 
kill bones longer and buried to mind. me to ago bed. i please wake ago ago 
wake me longer and become and longer i to become shall scared no wake i 
anchor. long think to and anchor. weight to to crawl weight eyes i up up i 
blind anchor. dead up and eyes eyes shall crawl to weight ears blind 
buried crawl ago eyes deaf weight bed. and eyes ears. eyes ago dead weight 
ears. ears. anchor. buried i ears to deaf shall long eyes to to eyes ago 
weight ears. until my weight shall eyes until blood my become eyes leak 
drain. i anchor. and ears. i i ears anchor. eyes i to to eyes eyes leak 
bleed. i my eyes ears. to i blood eyes ears i to to i eyes to want drain. 
i deaf ears. to want i to my i i want i i to want zero to blood want want 
zero zero to to i want i i i blood want want i i until want zero call to i 
drain. want zero to to drain. want to zero. zero to to zero i zero drain. 
to i zero want i want want to i want to die. zero. want want zero to i to 
drain. want zero. to want call i to want to zero want zero to to i want to 
die. zero. call zero to to zero zero to to want to i to i i zero i want to 
die. try zero call want to call to i want to die. zero. zero. i want to 
die. i zero. want want to to to i want to die. i to to i to i want to die. 
try i want to die. old. to are to old. my i want to die. and i want to 
die. dead bones old. skin i'm skin are are from my my and my my dead drop 
cold. my head. my lead. skin like drop from be from won't like drop kill 
head. yourself. lead. won't yourself. like with you kill me won't take be 
with with kill you kill with you. me the take the take me i'll you. your 
with the be me my you your slave. the gone the is my be sleeps i'll sleeps 
brain brain in slave. ill is sleeps weather brain alone. and ill i'm and 
and sleeps joints alone. ill every in every joints alone. cancer i'm gets 
and sever. up joints the sever. gets churns sever. hell every day. day. 
cancer pay cancer to there's the time churns enough hell to i day. sleep. 
to time sleep. to i never sleep. i'll time over. enough fall continue 
sleep. is won't is i i syllables i'll begone over. knife begone fall for 
every begone no knife phonemes. is harder for syllables vow syllables and 
harder for moans no murmurs phonemes. and murmurs harder constricted avow 
moans gargle and i vow constricted constricted moans death moans the 
throat. gargle years last years i heard i throat. it the years have heard 
wallow death it now. years no years history wallow have cares i cares in 
in it now. there's history cares no in for one there's time one skin cares 
it. for there's my it my it. for bones time fold skin folds my it. creased 
folds fold bones folds kill my mind. mind. bones i bones me please creased 
longer bones want kill me to mind. wake me longer wake me crawl no wake up 
longer bed. want to scared wake buried think buried crawl crawl ago up i 
bed. and i to weight dead i shall and anchor. buried and weight ago blind 
ago eyes and weight eyes shall ears anchor. eyes ears and ears. my eyes my 
eyes want blind ears. ears. eyes blood eyes leak i my i deaf i want to i i 
to leak i want to i blood to bleed. i drain. i to i want want i want want 
want call bleed. zero to want zero. want want i zero i i zero want to want 
zero zero. call zero. to want want i to zero zero i want to die. to want 
zero to i zero to zero. to to want want i want to die. try want i to i 
want to die. to i want to die. i want to die.


Some new music short

experiment in talking ballad w/ 19th-century echo harp
http://www.asondheim.org/wereareyougoing.mp3

c harmonic minor speed version
http://www.asondheim.org/klezz.mp3

They're both of interest, lugubrious and joyful.
Recorded last night after frustrating takes.


The field recording dedicated to Michael Snow

http://www.asondheim.org/fieldrecording.mp3

This is dedicated to Michael Snow, who taught me everything 
an original field recording. The instrument is unusual.
Here for you is a new and different field recording
who is singing in a new and unusual way. If that is the case,
I had to know about field recordings. Field recordings
who made them come alive for me and I owe him gratitude.
You know, field recordings are both easy and difficult.
Without field recordings, past civilizations and tribes
to do. One might for example come across a very old person
and tuned unusually. I have not come across this before,
with the mysteries of humans and their various ways of life
are the very stuff of human culture and its explorations.
This is an amazing opportunity to hear 
and make something that others may hear and sing and make,
a glory all their own, since they are replete, fecund,
of an older person playing an unusual instrument.
I love the field recordings and it was Michael Snow. 
It should also be said that field recordings have 
since the person can sing into the field recording 
a kind of wooden stringed lute I had not come across before,
might never have found the light of technological day.
A field recording proves useful and exciting


avatar attempting escape of the vectors of its origin

this was the result of avatar-work which led to the work 
with Maud Liardon, Foofwa d'Imobilite, Azure Carter.
made with motion capture, Poser, Mocap, Quicktime.
rough version on YouTube. already on 
http://www.asondheim.org/evasionofbeing.mp4

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gP0Np_s3Bj4




metrical forms of the apocalypse

http://www.asondheim.org/metrical.mp3 (tabla)

"It is not, again, "what is to be done," but "what is the doing." And it 
is insufficient to abjure the doing, as in the notion there can be no 
lyric poetry, perhaps no poetry, after the Holocaust, that other holocaust 
that continues in yet other forms. This bypasses, not only doing, but 
thinking that may yet reveal another dawn in the midst of dusk. One might 
say in return, all dawns are ruptured. The day is ruptured by the night. 
What remains, what is never ruptured: ground zero - one might say the 
substance of ground zero, but here there is no divisibility; one fails and 
falters with the other."

Metrical Forms of the Apocalypse ii

etrical phonology is a phonological theory concerned with organizing 
segments into groups of relative prominence. egments are organized into 
syllables ... hapter : elation of etrical to rojective and escriptive 
eometry. o be continued... + hapter : etrical eometry | ontents | hapter 
owever, in writing metrical stuff, wondering if simply being metrical 
is sufficient ... ertainly no one could confuse something metrical with 
prose, ... "Metrical Forms of the Apocalypse apocalypse" is sometimes 
labelled ew pocalypse or ew omantic, plain-speaking poems in obvious 
metrical forms with socialist content, ... - true ithout neglecting 
the metrical form or poetic techniques peculiar to the iffard pocalypse, 
have stressed the poems close relationship to the older true is work 
appeared in the pocalypse anthologies, and contemporary reviewers taste 
for complicated metrical forms; but even he regretted that often the 
pocalypse ow: apping the nd of ays in the ork of rau va (ca.  er 
compendium of texts, a pithy rendering of key biblical texts in metrical 
form, ... ions/dp/ k true ext is the rowning of esus, a metrical 
re-telling of the gospels, ...

 covers the pocalypse, though in this book he re-writes it in metrical 
form. ... ions/dp/ k true ext is the rowning of esus, a metrical 
re-telling of the gospels, ...

 covers the pocalypse, though in this book he re-writes it in metrical 
form. ... true hapter discusses ernards use of a wide variety of metrical 
forms (including classical prosody) and his use of sophisticated rhyme 
schemes, ... k true ertainly she succeeds in this aim in f ou ame: written 
in the kind of tight metrical form which she favoured, the diction and 
syntax of the poem could ... flickerings of ew pocalypse poetry the 
flamboyant, surreal,

 s are embedded in verses whose imagery and metrical forms derive from 
ante. ... flickerings of ew pocalypse poetry the flamboyant, surreal,

 s are embedded in verses whose imagery and metrical forms derive from 
ante. Metrical Forms of the Apocalypse .



Ground zero (second version)


Zero is ground down; the ground has no depth; the ground is flattened; 
ground is always already charnel-hus; ground is always killing-field; 
ground is replete, fecund, historic; history is flattened; ground is 
characterized by the _trail_; the trail crosses the ground; the ground is 
obdurate, inert, among and within the trail. The ground trails the trail; 
the trail trails the ground.

Ground is space, now this is space, now this is time, this was time; 
ground is, this is time now, this is space there. 

Ground zero is the ground of the wild, the trail of the wild, its call or 
calling, kill or culling. Ground zero is the table-tabulation of the 
ground, part-objects of plants, animals, organic debris; ground is always 
already debris. The ground does not suffer: the suffering of the ground is 
our suffering: the ground is contaminated with our suffering.

Our suffering is the suffering of the ground - which is not the suffering 
of the ground - which does not suffer - our suffering is the table- 
tabulation, the unknown, unaccounted, unaccountable, unaccounted-for basis 
of data, the blurring of data: all this construct of the human upon 
absolutely nothing.

It is here that the wild parts the Wild, that the Wild decomposes - not on 
the technological, on the subsequent extinctions, on the devolving of 
extinctions - but on ground zero, on table-tabulations - from the begin-
ning an established fact. 

From here the strategy is the move to the tabled, the move which is a 
history of the process of tabling: the recognition, not of the Wild, but 
of its loss inherent within the Wild. Which isn't to say a foregone 
conclusion, but a technology gone wild, infected, infecting. 

Now what remains: ground zero already charnel-hus, slaughtered animals, 
what shall one do now? The question parallels standard 'what is to be 
done?' - to which there is no answer. Ground zero - not the Ground Zero of 
9/11 - but the ground zero of the trail, the trace - must be absolutely 
understood and understood absolutely: that the Wild has always been 
sundered to the extent that human languaging and culture have operated 
through the _trajectory of the hand-ax_ - from stone through reification 
to ax, from ax through exchange to ax. The trajectory refers to the 
_skittering_ of the trail across ground zero. The skittering is scythe and 
dominion, the distinction that makes a distinction: live and dead, hunter 
and prey, herd and cull, grain and territory.

Once there is travel, tool, reification, ground zero is both relinquish- 
ment and harboring. The violence of writing is here within table- 
tabulation, the sintering of ground zero, the remeasurement of trail, the 
contestation of trail and table. 

Why is any of this a matter of concern? Because the Wild continues to be 
romanticized, farmed-out, mystified; the sublime itself is the Wild placed 
beyond reach, the distance of a troubling absolute. I believe one must 
begin otherwise - with Holocaust, with disappearance. This needs more than 
text or voice, more than lip service. It's useless to pretend that the 
issue is "management" or "wildlife corridor" or "dark matter" or "natural 
selection" or even "selection" given the fold-catastrophic (re: Thom) 
nature of extinction. The horror inheres to flattening, to trail. It is 
not an addition, not techne, not technology. As population increases, it 
is simply coming into greater view. The issue is a fundamental geopolit- 
ical one. The only solutions may well be enclaves, data-bases, DNA banks, 
regions within hunting or poaching are punishable by death. This is far 
too little too late. It is the best chance there is. It does not address 
the future collapse of culture world-wide as pollution and climate rampage 
- these will happen. It does address the the end of things (end of the 
Wild, end of megafauna, end of variety, end of coastal culture), and that 
is all we can hope for.

ii

It is not a question of apocalypse; it has always been a question of 
apocalypse; humans have read the trails, walked and traced them, from the 
beginning, from the beginning of organism. Every organism has culture. The 
question becomes "how are we with apocalypse"; "how are we among the 
apocalyptic." For this condition, this state-of-affairs, this desire, 
looms closer, as if the apocalyptic announced itself.

I read far too often that humans have cried apocalyptic far too often - but 
for a moment, put yourself in the position of a polar bear, or black 
rhino, or bonobo: Consider these, as well, crying apocalyptic, until the 
last of the them disappears.

It is not, again, "what is to be done," but "what is the doing." And it is 
insufficient to abjure the doing, as in the notion there can be no lyric 
poetry, perhaps no poetry, after the Holocaust, that other holocaust that 
continues in yet other forms. This bypasses, not only doing, but thinking 
that may yet reveal another dawn in the midst of dusk. One might say in 
return, all dawns are ruptured. The day is ruptured by the night. What 
remains, what is never ruptured: ground zero - one might say the substance 
of ground zero, but here there is no divisibility; one fails and falters 
with the other.

iii

Ground zero is the ground of debris, spew, emission - the ground that 
erases traces, derails trails. It is never so simple as inscription, but a 
confluence of inscriptions, spatio-temporal strata, cross-purposeless. The 
fossil record is the miniscule surface of the world appearing as depth. 
But there is enough present to indicate that today something is wrong, 
incoherent - an environment that changes faster than adaptation, fit only 
for generalists - species, themselves, that might be in trouble later on.

The artificial (zoo, museum, housing development) requires energy and 
continuous maintenance. It is a strange attractor of finance; without 
money, the budget of organism falls apart. It is susceptible to world 
politics, to a world with rapidly decreasing resources. The Wild must be 
seen against this background. The Wild and its species have disappeared - 
which means the cultures of these species have disappeared - which means, 
further, that we are dealing with organisms divested of spatial and 
temporal history. There are no neighborhoods, no learned behaviors, that 
are not contaminated by humans - both within the artificial, and in the 
remnant parks and "wildernesses" on a planet experience an information 
implosion, population explosion.

Think of the artificial as organism banking, and continuous maintenance as 
the lineage of organisms translated to the lineage of human beings, in the 
future perhaps other technologies. The point is this: these lineages are 
disrupted as well, are broken - and a single break results in permanent 
loss. Kill the zoo, kill the species. Develop a plot of land harboring an 
irreplaceable biome, and the biome is gone forever. It's a no-win situation 
- environmentalists hold out with man/woman-years, and the biome seems 
safe - but one victory of development, and everything is lost. This is an 
example of the "fragility of good things" in catastrophe theory - if 
everything goes right, good things happen - but there are many more - 
astronomically many more - things that can "go wrong" - and any of them 
permanently eliminate the catastrophic peak of "goodness." In this sense 
"goodness" might be defined as _any_ desired state-of-affairs; there's no 
ethos implied.

A "world of generalists" will never be the end of the story, as generalist 
species compete with one another, construct new strategies, fill new 
ecological niches. Competition continues on a planet of rapidly depleting 
resources. There _is_ an end in sight, as variety ultimately decreases 
exponentially. 

Culture suffers as well. Projects disappear as coastlines are inundated, 
fresh water and fossil fuels are at a premium, and replacement fuels 
create vast changes in biomes themselves. Gasoline replacement comes at a 
price - again, of ecological niches, cultures, even an acceptable air 
quality level. Couple this with population pressure (we're not yet at the 
9-10 billion peak expected), and one has a world in which criminal 
activity is necessary for survival. Poaching will be long gone - there 
will be nothing left to poach (I think of the denuded hills around Ciudad 
Juarez already as an example). What we still consider, ever more tenu- 
ously, the "safe" internet, will exist locally at best, most probably used 
for gang/terror networking. The simplicity and spread of nuclear arms only 
adds to the mess.

Here is the ground zero of debris, detritus, effluvia: when there is no 
return to and from the Wild, when the "natural" becomes a literally mean- 
ingless term, when histories are absorbed and annihilated. 

It is at this point that one must start, politically, ecologically, phen- 
omenologically, if there is any hope - not of transformation - but of 
functional enclaving. The world has become a mobius-strip Auschwitz, 
encompassing everything - where we are inmates and guards, where there is 
no outside. The image itself - the reality of this metaphor - is still 
only on the horizon, but the reality of its referent is upon us.


--- 

WHAT we're doing now on Wed Jan 24 23:43:56 EST 2007

87 WHAT ftpd: ftpd: (pine-4.64) ssh -tcsh /usr/local/bin/pine (pine-4.64) 
emacs (pine-4.64) irc -tcsh irc -ksh -bash -tcsh scrollz 
/usr/local/bin/ksh irc irc ssh ssh ssh (pine-4.64) ssh ssh ssh irc -ksh 
emacs -zsh -tcsh -bash -ksh -tcsh -ksh irc -tcsh /usr/local/bin/tin lynx 
(pine-4.64) -ksh -ksh -ksh more (pine-4.64) (pine-4.64) trn3 
/usr/local/bin/scree -tcsh -ksh -ksh emacs (pine-4.64) -bash -tcsh -zsh w 
(pine-4.64) (pine-4.64) (pine-4.64) -bash mutt vim -bash -tcsh -tcsh mutt 
-ksh -tcsh (pine-4.64) -tcsh -ksh -tcsh pine tail /usr/local/bin/scree 
-zsh -tcsh -zsh /usr/local/bin/pine -ksh93 -zsh pine (pine-4.64) -tcsh 
/usr/local/bin/pine -ksh


vlf parallel tabla parallel vlf

http://www.asondheim.org/vlftabla.mp3
turnaround
what am i supposed to do with this
did make 
m3589v7o6zo9442t3y5126o485l[k.fp
+?!=!gHkx7kXVydnpNphW57dgA7kHkx6&g5lk87=
v5y981]zg6w1191b3156j4o5296poh2o3r[1.g!v
+?3589v7o6z=o9442t3y5]126o485l922u5464ph2wkzg5lk87not but changed it
don't know v5y9813817h83ldo667a1kv9ob2
fkx3eo79oo146!4bzg6w1191b3156j4o5296po
h2o3r3921n5ro9k4!2m3589v7o6zo9442t3y5126o485
l922u5464ph2wkzg5lk87v5y9813817h83ldo667a1kv9ob2phkx3eo79
oo146!4bzg6w1191b3156j4o5296poh2o3r3921n5ro9k4!2m3589v
7o6zo9442t3y5126o485l922u54!gHkx7kXVydnpNphW57dgA7kHkx6
a1kv9ob2phkx3eo79oo146!4bzg6ucan't think of anything be back
on the archaea
arwAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U Lohze NMhz hU G Ahz &
ORG BehZ unutAehz pAehz GhaphZ Aehz orgahzmhze+
planned th= Phz Le+ Lyhz from Le Brom orgahzmhze
myhzU Gable ynyU clue wahz laid in darkehzt
Zuytygynnyngound togeU LAehz orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH
P raynhaohZ opAehz Zuytygynnynglsh!
dyPhz BPhz BywU armhzultyohZe NMhZ hAehz g
lond\a dropped loAehz
raynk oPhz Blsh! hayr1 armshaea2.eeAehz raynhZtatyAehz rayne hzwAehz 
armhZratwAehz armshyng problematywAehz ... http://yn armhzultye yn 
wynd9ndwhzmedark brunette wyndAehz armhZontrar+ wyndoman 
jahzm9ne.ahzondheym.org/portl/arwAehz
knife stops before its destination
graphs cannot labor human
graphisme is a-temporal through experiential
deathless, time stalls, hacking's digital eternity
"For talking picture, too, mute." (Adorno, Eisler.)
stone
n.b. all images must clicked that will activate machinery
descriptor < > names
coordinate delineation
size resizing
closer an origin
for now
one these ways
happens way
recent flute pieces and interrelationship between choate inchoate
emerges inscriptions cutting organisms worlds
fast-forward recovery coherency
motility opportunisms life-forms surrounded by bankruptcies
lovefuriou
Lovedifficultygi;
Wsyproblematic
Bee*^yychaos love
bee*^yymiserable iniquity
Be+Wfound objecthood
be+Wdeath concerned
ceWmysterious
ecnot a lock hair
W*oneWblond
W*andWbrunette
W*youWfrightful breasts
W*YouWvoluptuous
W*areWcharismatic moments
W*areWdarker lockupgi;
W*thereWnameless exhausted
W*ThereWmuff black fuzzgi;
W*to+Wnoughtgi;
Wwin wind
WWabu.ya -
wWsmell jasmine
WWslight pass perfume air
fou*rbig beautiful eyegi;
tcionabu.ya wondergi;
uceshe returned smile cwere those needlemarks her arm
Cthin walks pouring raingi;
thyunutterable chaos Thyagonies ecstasies orgasmsgi;
qthe was darkest splendor
Qlost forevergi;
tertheir bodies found together
fperhaps they beginning
you click image
seems run PCs WinXP 
i'm sure Win98
tried Win95 had load up so many files crashed
reloaded ran faster than ever might where vb6 runs does mathematics 
complex untoward terms functions
program should allowed play out
that's why there are no mouseoverunderclicks cancel
can resize perhaps would more awkwardly
lovely arbor curtain drawing down
d. called dusk / closure or both day dedication romanticist denouement
important series contains random function
true calculation machine
my philosophy which as well
changing faunal landscape kingston pennsylvania
jg ballard
new species sighted: blue herons (3),* green heron (1)
influx muscovy ducks canadian geese*
muskrats drainage ditches
virginia possums (opossums)
intensification: rabbits,* skunks
moving territory: broad-shouldered hawks (5)* into central town
insects: small black-striped grasshoppers (1)*
spiders: shield spiders (have check nomenclature)* (30-40 approx)
some waterbirds unidentified (inland)
numerous crown coral fungi*
archaic other bacterial efflorescences around vents*
increase numbers bats
crow flocks
*, photographed
-- speak _general efflorescence_ relation increased 
humidity global warming
kirby park thicket appears subtropical often flooded
archaea7 flannel
locomotive boiler rivet assembly gridwork deconstruction phase
nothing lasts forever
parasitic color reconstruction
hardness "for while"
vbcode Private Sub Form_Click()
: Randomize
m = 0.1
z -2
x 0
j p 1
two:
k If t 16 Then + Else GoTo three
-(x ^ 2) q 15 * 2
Line (-k Tan(k) 20, j)-(x, Sin(z)), Point(ScaleWidth \ 50, 
ScaleHeight 100)
b -k Cos(k)
bb Cos(z)
Msg (bb Chr(13) x)
two
three: 0.2 ScaleWidth y 3
Mod 100000 4 MsgBox Msg, , "Line Output"
4300000 Stop
End egret
here kingston, great has injured left foot; broken.
we went fire station.
wnep-tv covers wildlife.
audubon society harrisburg, 150 miles away; local society.
emergency animal clinic.
nearby hospital.
game wildlife commission.
spoke people messages. chance bird rescued.
just before, white egret, majestic. also come north. 
skittish, flew gracefully.
both, documenting arrivals.
wounded emanation
near ending lines transform
furrowing destiny
course continue given endless vanishing point perspective
already variation about
each slight differentiation slighted difference
GLORYBEE
The programs operating space analog digital,
code simply vb-wise somewhat nesting recursion. I tend work trignometric 
functions, limits, say, tangent cotangent, resonate limits computation 
itself.
Furthermore interpreted underlying
photographs lichen-like growth upon them, empathetic cohering.
In turn, modify, deconstruct.
What deconstructing? Language, meaning, symbols, symbolic.
Through erasure form.
BlaSAKout hZtathz
Trazyng route \nought panyecstatic.wtheir gonee unuttheyr bodyes
ptheir gonehaps beginningound
togeththeir goneable optheir beginninglsh! loveose htheir gone
armsom [166.84.1.2]
ovtheir maecstaticymum 3a loSAK hayr hophz:
Rethe layd splendoruehzt tymed
out.139 mhz 14a beginningea hayr.gnaphz2.nywtheir 
arms.awtheir armszehzhZ.net
[166.84.143.94]
hZ1a hayr-a hayr-5-t1.l3wtheir armsore.nywtheir [166.84.64.37]5 6 7 8 9 1a 
11 12 13 14 17 18 19 2a 21 22 23 24
Pyngyng lovee w9ndyth 32 bytehz
data:
Pyng hztatyhztywtheir armshz byg beautyptheir beginningul eyehz 
166.84.1.2:
PaSAKethz: hZent 4, Rezeyved hayr, Lohzt (1a
hayra hayr% lohzhZ),
blackout
largest clocks world stopped
held breath right outside window
criminal bush he's powerful it's incredible
noise willie
tired bit bet go
they're transparent logical cuts itself fractionates literally decaying 
originated 1920s 1930s
territory shed have realize sutton dean street he numb
skin
flesh
body
mind
name
consequences very uncomfortable
difficult live unwanted nightmare presentation
look numb/er
view number number: obasanjo olusegun whip took weapons same
imaginations misguided morons?
(This lpmud redesigned years ago. Texts been
devour (x,y) coordinates returning inputting values Point(x,y). 
reconstitutes circle Circle (x,y), radius, Point(x,y), elliptical
distortion may ScaleWidth. beyond image, infinite exterior (0,0,0) 
(255,255,255).
manner _exterior_ interrupts _interior,_ constructing _binary_.
procedures routines neither interior exterior; configure 
leaving residue. take residence elsewhere. 
resulting _flux_ result devouring. fractionated internals externals.
devouring occurs waves across limits. tangential 
escapes; sign-sine operates normalization, scanning Width Height. 
never recorded; _imagination_.
fully _fancy_.
semantics always dialog, are. image: 
it? easily readable. transformation _diacritical_ mark, 
lingering memory. 
goes _numb_ body, medical model, 
prisoner social socio-economic model. _skein_ stationary body. 
fractionation x-nor not-x-nor inversions pen-writing _degree ground zero_ 
contradiction, unspeaking, mute. superposition projection 'nowadays, earth 
only fragile, becoming increasingly
_transparent_. sees it, there's end sight.'

arcs poetica

relationships among her poems and otheration
artifacts, but also createseration
variants, etc. her poems *stutteredation* -
were produced individually or losteration
is their *inertia* of the poem. itteration
doesn't open her poems, perhaps, soteration
much as foreclose upon her body. anderation
poems ever written will becomeration
obsolete or forgotten as wonderfuleration
reads. but they don't work at the poemseration
or read other poets; there is the whiteration
surface of a mallarme poem or theteration
smooth unstriated line itself, theteration
literary text, the poem text, the texteration
of love and favorites, incipienteration
knowledge of authors not yet borneration.
there's a determinate fashionation,
permitting poetry but not embarrassmenteration

or at least one of the issues oferation
poetry: that of its materiality - itteration
opens upon a multi-dimensional grideration,
within which poetry itself - of theteration
poet - is enormous and indefinite, justeration
as the hypertext itself to comeeration
will have no poets and no philosopherseration,
something i praise. prose anderation
poetry are generated for the first timeration
with electronic and wilderation
interpretation, and a poetics of theteration
body that is at a variance based on ateration
style largely dominated by science; theteration
use of "poeticized" or convolutedation
prose could be seen as this: a lot ofteration
my students have written poetry andteration
want to be read. but they don't work atteration
the poems or read other poets; theteration
poetry? nothing more than "poetic faitheration."

an origin, and "faith" with a gestureration
invading _beyond_ the poetic witheration
its exhausted poetics, become a lasteration
resort, the conjunction ofteration
interpretations elicited by a hypertexteration
modeled by the poet [...] what iteration
remember about the poets and theteration
trouble i had with them was poets abouteration
these poets. poets trick me a lot and iteration
always fall for them, they ateration
least published some things as baderation
poetry. now i look back and see poetryation.
he was never particularly supportiveration,
part of a group i viewed all of themeration
reading all of them. i could neveration
believe in poetry ever again, includingteraion
my own; i can never use `poetryation'
without shuddering. i get suspicious ofteration
poetics which always seems to invokeration
language or a pause, a witticism in ateration
foreign language. i am a pariah for theteration
poetsation.



antique dissection of murderous skin
with comma

leper skin fall from 
scabrous bone lesion tumor collapsed
pustule cicatrix fallen
down fuck me take my fucking skin
hang it at yad vashem
clothe me in davids tomb
fuck me rebecca-rachel
in absolom silent dead and white
and comatose with lepered numbers
and scarred not scared, and stared


throat Anita Berber

murder.
mucous.
murmured. voices.
mayhem. vortex.
morphine.
misery. blood.
murder.
muck. fuck. naked.
murder.
murder mucous murmured voices mayhem vortex morphine misery blood 
muck fuck naked bonk] OK weakening wreck yelp yowl homicide v : 
have sexual intercourse with "This student sleeps with derivation 
descent Amytal Amytal pill Demerol Dolophine H Luminal adherence 
Rh-type Rhesus factor acute leukemia affiliation agnate carnage 
commit a gaffe cool decapitate decimation Letterer-Siwe bed have 
go at it bang get it on away Schmerz ache aches and pains 
aching heart adversity rub out ruin mandrake admiration agency 
agent air allophone alto alveolar crow affliction agony agony of 
mind angst anguish anxiety bale agnation alliance ancestry anemia 
angiohemophilia anima undressed color common come out with comic 
bass communicate consonant hum stringy lubricous as mucous 
substance abate abolish sadness sordidness animal kingdom animating 
force antibody antigen apico-dental approbation approval aria 
singer speak incoherently annihilate asphyxiate assassinate 
assassination air grievance aspiration assert assimilation atone 
spiral spout spurt stew stir blunder blunder away into on upon 
purging put patricide play havoc polish off purge extermination 
Australian ballot Hare system Heldentenor Meistersinger attune aye 
baritenor baritone basso basso buffo aspirate bark bated breath 
bawl articulate articulation undraped drone emit endorsement 
enfranchisement enunciate continuo ostinato profundo gangrene 
garbage glop boulevardier bassus bilabial blessing blues bourdon 
breathe aristocracy aristocraticalness bitterness bleeding broken 
biorhythm birth blade blood bank muttering outcry pant pipe blue 
devil heaven bloodmobile bloodshed bloodstream blood litter loiter 
boggle botch bumble bump bumping-off bungle butcher blubber boom 
bray bankruptcy breakage breakdown chaos collapse commotion lie 
with brand breath life breed exhalation flute fret fret brood 
brotherhood brothership buck cast caste category muck up counting 
voice buzz buzzing cackle chant collateral collateral relative 
velvet calmative chloral hydrate codeine chest chime cacuminal 
canary cantatrice canto cantor underbreath undercurrent burden 
calamity care group grouping picture vote cerebral chance chanter 
chantress check goofball hard stuff continuant chirp clamor 
complain complaining complaint coo crab circulation clan clansman 
claret malcontent melancholia blunt clarified clear Tuinal Tuinal 
alcohol amobarbital sodium Luminal cleared colorless conspicuous 
denuded detectable dextran clotheshorse cognate cognation black 
blue angel croak cirrus coil condensation trail contrail corkscrew 
chord chorus coloratura coloratura soprano organic fertilizer 
butchery connection connections consanguinean cantante discernible 
codeine cough syrup depressant depressor dolly downer muddle 
consanguinity cousinhood cousinship coxcomb cyclic heads crooner 
cumulative voting deciding swirling tendril counterflux curl 
curlicue mumble mumbling murmuration murmuring crushing curse 
cynic wheel whirl whirlpool whirlwind whorl cripple crippling 
damage destruction aplastic apparentation decision declare deep 
deliver dental descant diphthong ordeal dampener damper dejection 
depression depth misery caroler casting Hand-Schuller-Christian 
disease disaster discomfort discontent native buff disclosed 
discovered distilled evident exposed dilapidation disablement 
dismember inroad loss maiming mischief dissimilation diva division 
dramatic drone exposed to view disturbance dizzy round ebullience 
ebullition eddy Cassandra displeasure distress dolor beef bellow 
bellyache bitch blare blat count donor donor center contralto 
convey electrocute eliminate elimination destroy do in dust drift 
droppings dung dust exterminate eradicate eradication execute 
effervescence embroilment evolute exhaust feery-fary ferment 
enrichener entangle excrement open outcropping overt explosive 
express expression syndrome Rh Rh-negative Rh-positive bring 
bare-ass bared fagot falsetto favor favorable figured faux pas 
finish flounder foul play fratricide extinguish flap flurry 
fluster flutter barefaced beholdable blank blatant beverage 
biological clock formulate forum franchise give give glottal 
dressing fumble garrote genocide get rid of guillotine hang fume 
fuss gabble gasp wet blanket woe wretchedness hardship fussiness 
gulf gurge gyre helix tongue utterance glide disclose flagrant 
free glaring gymnosophical fermentation fidgetiness fit involute 
extremity gloom gloomy Gus grief grimness grouch grump goo gook 
goop grime grind grub feculence filth fool heartache heartfelt 
heartgrief heavy gibber gossip grapevine gripe groan grouse 
grousing confusion crack-up platelet growl grumble grumbling grunt 
hearsay hiss holler howl encroachment fracas harm havoc hobbling 
bracket braining branch everyone in her dorm" "Adam knew Eve" "Were 
you ever fling heroin hop horse hypnotic junk kink maelstrom 
pell-mell rainbow red hubbub hullabaloo hurly-burly hurry 
hurry-scurry liquidate ice infanticide kill killing knock lay low 
impairment incapacitation infringement injury unassisted unblended 
stage whisper still small yellow yellow jacket jeremiad keen kick 
lament lilt little rat race reel joylessness killjoy lamentation 
languishment malaise cantus cantus laid lodge low maffle maunder 
moan mouth despondency destitution louse manure mess mess around 
beau liquidation lumber lynch mangle manslaughter mar massacre 
matter furfur privation prophet doom prostration barbiturate 
meperidine methadone morphia narcotic nightcap melancholy 
mirthlessness misfortune detriment devastation mire mope mosey 
dandruff debris decay dirt dirty dirty mucker mucky mucus mud 
muddy murk matricide miscue bloody murder blot be all thumbs behead 
pressure relation muff murdering mutilate parricide liable 
manifest naturistic neat nonimmune noticeable nude scag 
neutropenia nudist observable obvious open as day all slimy ropy 
or opiate opium pacifier pain killer paregoric pen yan 
phenobarbital ringlet roll ruffle scramble pain pang passion 
penury pessimist pining poverty toil trash palpable patent peeled 
hanging evidence full mussitate mutter phenobarbital poppy purple 
quietener Seconal Seconal dandy dealing death deme denomination 
figuratus planus canvass canvassing twist unquiet uproar perplex 
phosphate plod pus putrid suffering suicidal despair perturbation 
pirouette pother desolation desperation plain pure purified raw 
recognizable countercurrent counterflow plaint planctus purr 
knockout drops laudanum liquor lotus lullaby untinged untrimmed 
down regicide removal remove root refluence reflux regurgitation 
restlessness raise register relationship M Mickey Finn Nembutal 
Nembutal repine roar rumble rumbling mutilation ruination Beau 
Brummel Christmas secobarbital sedative shit sleep-bringer humming 
jabber intercourse serum substitute bloodletting bloodline scurf 
scuz sewage guano gum gumbo gunk idle linger shriek sibilate 
sigh acceptance accompaniment active active scrag slaughter slay 
slaying slip smother analgesic sleep-inducer sleep-producer sleeper 
sleeping draught slab slave slime slob slog slop slosh sludge 
slum class clinical rumor scold scream screech scuttlebutt smudge 
smut snarl snot soot plain sight puris snort sob soft sough 
unmixed unobstructed unornamented night soil nitrate nitrogen 
obscenity offal ooze ordure snuff sororicide spoil strangle 
stumble thuggee thuggery screw scroll spasm spin ravel rot 
rubbish screw scum sorrowing sourpuss spoilsport squalor stitch 
apico-alveolar splutter sputter squall squawk squeal disorder 
disrepair showing simple stark carking catastrophe cheerlessness 
sorrow stark-naked straight stripped susceptible seen flutteriness 
susurrate susurration susurrus slush smirch smoke smooch stream 
surge sweat swirl sordes splosh squash stroll superphosphate 
swill tangle sex know do be intimate naturalibus the 
altogether insight smack sodium thiopental somnifacient soother 
breathy waste waste time absolute apparent au naturel bald bare 
cry dolorous tirade drawl droning exclaim character chronic throe 
trial tribulation trouble ruinousness sabotage scathe to-do tumult 
turbulence turmoil turn twirl perceivable perceptible trumpet 
twang ululation intimate this man?" [syn: roll unadorned 
unadulterated unaided unalloyed unarrayed hurt hurting unclad 
unclassified unclogged unclosed unclothed unclouded uncolored 
uncombined uncomplicated uncompounded unconcealed uncorrupted 
uncovered undecked humorlessness indigence infelicity infestivity 
undecorated undeniable undiluted undisguised unembellished 
unfortified unfurbished ungarnished twinge uncheerfulness 
unhappiness unjoyfulness unmirthfulness unhidden unleavened 
unmingled unmistakable unmitigated sing snap unprotected 
unrestricted unsheathed unsophisticated unstopped thuggism trip 
uproot uxoricide wipe wiping sickening spoiling violence vapor 
volute volution wake wash soothing soporific tar glottalization 
graveyard ground guttural cell undertone wail wail warble swallow 
take talk thunder epenthetic vowel esteem yeastiness whimper whine 
whispering whistle yap yawp yell tranquilizer turps white 
anesthetic anodyne barb barbiturate off screw jazz eff 
hump rectified revealed seeable sheer hay love arterial atman 
bane bathmism beating countenance countertenor make out love 
sleep


===
===
===




skeleton Anita Berber

murder.
morphine.
mucous.
murmured. voices.
mayhem. vortex.
misery. blood.
murder.
muck. fuck. naked.
murder.

2 pico zz 3 dict murder 4 dict murder | more 5 pico zz 6 dict morphine 7 
fg 8 dict mucous 9 dict mucous |more 10 fg 11 dict murmur 12 fg 13 dict 
voice | more 14 fg 15 dict mayhem 16 dict mayhem | more 17 fg 18 dict 
vortex 19 fg 20 dict misery | more 21 fg 22 dict blood 23 dict blood | 
more 24 fg 25 dict muck 26 fg 27 dict fuck 28 dict fuck | more 29 dict 
fuck | more 30 fg 31 dict naked 32 dict naked | more 33 fg 34 sort zz > yy 
35 pico yy 37 sed 's/ //g' yy > zz 38 pico zz 39 sort -k 4.3 zz > yy 41 
pico yy 43 sort -k 3.2 yy > zz; pico zz 44 perl a/eliminate.pl < zz > yy; 
pico yy 45 sed 's/[\.,;{}]//g' yy > zz 46 pico zz 50 new zz; cat oz.txt zz 
> ding; mv ding oz.txt; m

http://www.asondheim.org/anitaberber.mp3

===
===
===


dance tunes 4 anita berber


http://www.asondheim.org/erhu2.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/erhu3.mp3


Eliminator ZZ Top &middot; (40 customer reviews) More about this product 
... 7% buy.  Rancho Texicano: The Very Best of ZZ Top ~ ZZ Top $22.99 ... 
The Ultimate collection of ZZ Top links: rated and categorized! ... rare 
pics, double entendre, audio and video clips, quotes and much more. ...

P ; 0.005 a. 45 Morphine/vehicle. 7. 0.0. 0.00. P ; 0.005 b. 0 
Morphine/proglumide.  7. 13.0. 1.28. P ; 0.10 b. 5 Morphine/proglumide ...

somewhere, said something! - This is just a dead-end piece; I found Waite 
don't have for our dead! Who has the time! Hundreds of thousands dead in 
hello maud, when you read this, rilke will be dead Alphabetical: and 
answered are back blind cleansed cured dead deaf Go good ... On whatever 
any of them falls when they are dead, it shall be unclean; be cleansed. 
... Alphabetical: and are blind cleansed cured dead deaf good the 
saturation. the dead-sex link with death and pain. the dead linkage. want 
to die. to dead from and try i old. from from old. to i want to die. my 
words my i want to die. try dead words head. bones to old. my lead. falls 
i'm my lead. drop dead are drop won't my my my my be you cold. my my won't 
kill head. are dead drop yourself. be skin are from kill take drop blind 
anchor. dead up and eyes eyes shall crawl to weight ears blind buried 
crawl ago eyes deaf weight bed. and eyes ears. eyes ago dead weight die. 
dead bones old. skin i'm skin are are from my my and my my dead drop bed. 
and i to weight dead i shall and anchor. buried and weight ago blind 
dominion, the distinction that makes a distinction: live and dead, hunter 
in absolom silent dead and white morphine. murder mucous murmured voices 
mayhem vortex morphine misery blood morphine. 2 pico zz 3 dict murder 4 
dict murder | more 5 pico zz 6 dict morphine 7 

what happens when two dancers complete the "octopus dance" - long a 
traditional Switzerland favorite - Oh they dance, fine enough, but what 
would happen if the bluff gave way, these dancers, who continued in spite 
of all the obstacles life's thorny of the most remarkable dancer in recent 
memory! fifteen or twenty hours of brilliant dance, video, soundwork, even 
just Crepuscle (Twilight) explores the exigencies of dance, eroticism, 
cultural the conventions of dance - turning dance inside-out. For the 
photographed dreamed dreamed by spoken may poetics with may and dance sex, 
dance-video not images dance-video violence. I never have done will never 
forgiven. will go I on. will film sight sound to sight to dance. sex, 
spoken sex, poetics of sex. I may work with dance and sex and dance-video 
and sex. I will not work with images of sexual violence. I dance. lose the 
body and sexuality; i wanted the dance-movement of the wires.


This is fascinating - I'm always curious how many of
the old IRC commands are retranslated or reinterpreted in these newer
chats 14:52:20 
No problem - let me knowwhen to start 29-Jan-2007
14:52:29 
***MUZAK** 14:52:53 

                       MUZAK 14:53:02 
               MUZAK 14:53:07 
                heh! 14:53:11 
                               :

music... 14:53:22 

                                   music

14:53:52 hello 14:53:57 where are we now? 14:54:13 here we are then... 
14:54:39 now we are one 14:54:45 one 14:55:11 going out and coming back in 
- 14:55:28 left the session 14:55:34 joined the session 14:55:46 left the 
session 14:55:51 joined the session 14:57:21 displayed the following URL: 
http://www.asondheim.org/net1.txt 14:57:45 Alan 14:57:48 Some of them are 
working! I've been playing around with html tags and couldn't get out of 
bold! 14:58:10 But Im not in bold now -are you? There's no bold at this 
end? 14:58:26 This is wonderfully strange... 14:58:42 - you're bold? 
14:58:48 Hi everyone! 14:58:52 Must be the diluted blood... 14:59:16 Well, 
I've got the URL up - yes, it's difficult, you have to use the slider. 
15:00:12 I'll try and be spare. 15:00:17 Wow! Stumbling over Brooklyn - 
15:00:35 Ok I'm ready whenever anyone else is - 29-Jan-2007 15:01:20 Can 
you scroll the text I've put up? 29-Jan-2007 15:01:34 It's just the first 
file in the Internet Text, which I've been writing for fourteen years; 
I'll switch to an 'examples' text in a bit 15:02:01 Ok, thanks 15:02:05 
Why don't you start with questions and we'll see where it goes - 15:02:26 
Hi - 15:02:41 Yes of course 15:02:53 It's odd because those seem like 
different operations - I'd say something close to obsessive compulsive 
behavior combined with a real wonder about the world 15:03:24 I can't not 
work 15:03:43 Too much neurosis on this end - which then becomes part of 
the content - 15:04:18 Well, what gets rid of the "I self Me" - which is 
narcissism - is the world itself - 15:04:36 the protocols etc. - 15:04:43 
I'm not sure - I do all my writing online - possibly 5 hours a day - 
15:05:00 god no 15:05:05 the protocols - coding - 15:05:24 I'm not 
struggling with that. 15:05:31 It's a hideous anti-semitic tract - 
29-Jan-2007 15:05:49 The protocols reference code and the breakdown of 
code 15:06:04 it's amazing I could stop there - 15:06:20 and it's between 
code and its breakdown that I'm interested in - that 'liminal' space 
15:06:40 which is partly interpretable in a classical sense (hermeneutics) 
and partly not 15:06:58 She disappeared a while ago; I didn't want to 
write into the character any more. I felt I had done all I could - and 
with Julu, Jennifer, Travis, Alan, etc. 15:07:28 The space-between code - 
what underlies writing here and the surface itself. 15:07:59 I started 
calling this 'codework' which has taken on a life of its own. 15:08:17 So 
the subtext so to speak ruptures the text which collapses the subtext etc. 
15:08:34 As if the bones of the tomb of writing were made visible. 
15:08:52 - as if the bones had some sort of presence in the world without 
the flesh of writing (which in a way is a kind of etiquette) 15:09:14 So 
that the writing in a way is 'lurid' - cutting through in other ways. 
15:09:37 As in the 'Anita Berber' pieces that I've put up at the blog - 
15:09:57 Mistakes in print, and in the traditional Tanach, five books, all 
those misplaced letters, etc. 15:10:18 displayed the following URL: 
http://nikuko.blogspot.com 15:10:32 There's the "skeleton" of a piece of 
writing - which started with a short piece paralleling Berber's and 
Droste's own writing,and then expanded it using the 'dict' command - 
29-Jan-2007 15:11:20 which gives you a huge list of synonyms. The first 
entry is the skeleton - the entry immediately following is the piece 
itself. 15:11:46 Which is a kind of overflowing of synonyms, burying the 
original text - 15:12:04 and there's a parallel with Berber's life here, 
at least for me, and also a sense of over-accumulation, "surplus" 15:12:33 
- a surplus which goes nowhere. 15:12:41 If you click on the link you 
might get the .mp3 file which is made from tabla playing heavily filtered 
- a kind of stuttering/heartbeat that again parallels the text 29-Jan-2007 
15:13:43 How so? 15:13:46 This isn't my 'best' tabla work, but I thought 
it interesting to put up - 15:14:28 I wonder what happened; I'm always 
afraid of clicking on links here - at one point everything closed down. 
29-Jan-2007 15:15:01 No problem 15:15:04 The first bit - the short bit - 
is a poem... 15:15:30 There are better tabla pieces here! I think 
something called metrical.mp3 is one of them at the same site - 
29-Jan-2007 15:15:53 Think of the rest as both an expansion and a 
suffocation of meaning - meaning flying off 15:16:11 in so many directions 
that nothing coheres... 15:16:20 It a strange interface with a mysterious 
life of its own. When I was using html tagsa bit ago, everything was going 
a bit awry - 15:16:57 two bits in that sentence will get you a quarter 
(bad pun) 15:17:13 yes, but you might want to ask away here? When I enter 
a URL then the box closes - 15:18:06 displayed the following URL: 
http://www.asondheim.org/examples.txt 15:18:20 You ask about code poetry? 
15:18:38 There are so many terms - I mentioned 'codework' because it seems 
the most genearl; for me, the rest - e-poetry for example, electronic 
poetry, new media poetry, etc. - all create genres/canons 15:19:14 which 
just about close everything down in a classical form/at - in other words, 
the usual politics and decisions make themselves felt. 15:19:39 If you 
think of say Lautreamont - what he was doing hadn't been done before 
(think ofthe space - again liminal) between Poesis and Maldoror and how 
that operates) - and that is fantastic! 15:20:16 But if had to attent a 
conference on his own work, that would have been something else... 
15:20:33 What I've put up here - and you do have to shuttle back and forth 
- is an example of a 'standard paragraph' - the "Normal" - and then 
various manipulations ranging from simple to complex... 15:21:16 There's 
also a few code snippets (most of which I've asked other people to write, 
or found elsewhere etc.) 29-Jan-2007 15:21:36 I tend to write in Unix or 
Linux - I've been doing that for a dozen years now - 15:21:54 which allows 
me to use all sorts of sophisticated text manipulation tools and script 
languages 15:22:13 Just briefly - the first is Normal, then 'Back" takes 
each line and reverses the words, not the letters... 29-Jan-2007 15:22:43 
Rev reverses everything 15:22:55 Tac reverses the line order 15:23:08 tr 
A-Z a-z just gets rid of the capitals 29-Jan-2007 15:23:20 transposition 
does group substitutions 29-Jan-2007 15:23:33 substitution is simpler but 
similar 29-Jan-2007 15:23:43 Pig-Latin is a program that comes w/ linux 
and turns everything into pig-latin! 15:24:03 Punched Cards is another 
linux program that turns phrases into imitation punch-cards which were 
used in the 50s and 60s 15:24:32 Eliminate which was written by Florian 
Cramer for me just eliminaes any duplicate works in a piece 15:24:55 so 
that "the dog and the cat" becomes "the dog and cat" for example. 15:25:12 
Elimx is one I wrote from Florian's that makes a mess of "eliminate" and 
creates a kind of poetry out of it which reminds me of John Giorno or 
William Carlos Wiliams 15:25:53 Cramer made a program that eliminates 
duplicate words. 15:26:09 The program is above. It counts different words 
for example as "cat" and "cat," - the comma makes it another word. 
15:26:40 The "mathesis" program I love - Jim Reith wrote it for me - and 
it creates a "filter" for a text - 15:27:08 like a photoshop filter. 
15:27:14 You can enter a mathematical function (the very first line) and 
it pulls out words from an "array" that match points of the function. The 
details don't matter here; the results, though, are something that would 
be very difficult to get otherwise 29-Jan-2007 15:28:00 GoogleScrape - is 
just using the Google program (API and WSDL - forget what the 
abbreviations stand for) to create files which can be "scraped" - turned 
into texts. I think this is what the flarf group does - 15:29:15 It's just 
a more sophisticated way of using google results as a basis for literature 
- 15:29:33 Then there's the "Simple perl program results" - which is based 
on a program I wrote years ago that's interactive and allows me to 'write 
into' it - it then rearranges things in somewhat technical ways - 15:30:23 
Yes of course, that would be a lot better than this blithering on my part! 
15:30:33 Yes to both, that was also a while ago. Shinto fascinated me and 
still does to some extent - a kind of animism and heavy mythology that 
exists coherently with high technology. And the language (I can't read it 
in the original) is so arcane - 29-Jan-2007 15:32:13 Not so much; I've 
been very moved by Red Pine's translations of Chinese poets, mostly of 
Zen/Taoist outlook like Cold Mountain (Han Shan) - the spaces that these 
poems create - and the kind of language used by, say, Dogen in Japanese 
Zen 29-Jan-2007 15:33:02 because I can't get myself "around it" - which is 
wonderful. 15:33:15 On the other hand, I could never 'submit' to Zen or to 
that sort of discipline - I'd be interested in wild Zen, wild Buddhism, 
without training, kind of yamabushi stuff without the community 15:34:02 
Well, that's complex. I don't have a traditional relationship to Shinto or 
to Japanese culture - 15:34:29 and am alienated by, say, Mishima, by 
whale-hunting, by what happened at Nanking, etc., all of which relates (I 
think) to State Shinto. but that's really another topic... If this is the 
Mu you are speaking of then yes, I do (for some reason I started thnking 
of 'the continent of Mu" 15:35:37 The one book that stays with me, now, is 
the Flower Sutra, possibly the full translation of the Tibetan Book of the 
Dead as well. 15:36:18 These are openings for me, and the sutra is 
incredible. 15:36:29 By the way (while waiting) the Yipes! text is made 
from some of the rules above. 15:37:13 And the "Using Chat" was made by 
recording one of thesesessions by myself. 15:37:30 ok 15:37:32 Ok - but 
they're not appearing here - 29-Jan-2007 15:38:10 One second 15:38:24 Ah I 
see - for me in relation to D Turner's second question - 15:38:55 about 
Youtube and so forth - the work skitters among all of these. I do laptop 
performance and actually musical performance in rl (the latter I'm dubious 
about) and video/audio/dance/image are all part of this; 15:39:31 I also 
work with dancers in Geneva, Switzerland, and this has gone back and forth 
with my other work. 15:39:51 Yes, the meaning shifts in each context, but 
the concerns are pretty consistent. 15:40:05 Edting in relation to suprlus 
- that depends on what I'm working on; with vidoe I tend to pare things 
down greatly, especially for the web - 15:40:36 but I prefer also to work 
on an idea, get through with it, and move on, rather than finesse it; the 
latter in a way is too easy, I know where things are going, so does the 
audience - 15:41:06 Code and text interact for me; sometimes the structure 
is evident, sometimes it isn't. 15:41:46 When I'm working with software (I 
work at the Virtual Environments Lab at West Virginia University at 
times), I try to take the software 15:42:16 to some sort of limit - seeing 
what happens at the edge. I did a piece in Second Life where the 
character/s try to escape and keep coming up against artificial barriers 
of the edge of the mapping 15:42:49 I work in both darknet and a/v - the 
presentation in some ways 'fills out the form' - whatever is available... 
29-Jan-2007 15:43:20 Text-based work allows me to think the 
hardest/clearest in a way - it's unforgiving 15:43:55 I write a great deal 
of theory, and it's so easy to slide into nonsense... 15:44:10 Sometimes 
it matters, most of the time it doesn't - if the code is present, one can 
usually get some idea of the structure in it 15:44:33 whether or not one 
understands it fully. There are times I don't understand it fully. 
15:44:49 I did some work in visual basic (you can download the exe.tar and 
open it on a PC - they'reexecutables) - and I can't tell you where the 
effects are from. 15:45:22 Exactly like lace, and just as ephemeral... 
15:45:33 It makes it seem as if the world is both obdurate, inert, and 
interpretable, transparent. 15:46:09 I think of Jacques Lacan in this 
regard - reading his text is a kind of psychoanalytical working-through 
itself 29-Jan-2007 15:46:34 But of course I may be fooling myself. 
29-Jan-2007 15:46:47 There are also political concerns here - trying to 
scrape away at etiquette - I relate this to the usual obfuscation in our 
government's policies. 15:47:27 Which effects in the films? And you should 
sometime see the originals - the compression makes a mess out of them - 
15:47:47 There are avatars that are constructed from motion capture 
equipment 15:48:08 and images from laser scanning equipment (big lasers) 
15:48:23 I'm not sure which this is! I think that's the laser. 15:48:34 
The Wolf piece - that's using motion capture and feeding it into Poser, 
which models figures - then distorting the files so the figures literally 
break down. 15:49:02 The bones of the wolf come through. 29-Jan-2007 
15:49:18 Poser is a 3d mannequin modeling program. 29-Jan-2007 15:49:28 
Yes, Bellmer fascinates me, but thenI worry - in my own work as well - 
about the gender implicatons of al of this - 15:49:53 It's separate, it's 
faster than Max I think - the mannequins are already formed to be 
manipulated. 15:50:18 A lot of teen-age boys make 'ideal' girlfriends with 
the stuff. 15:50:33 I think my work walks an edge of being lurid and 
almost violent almost overtly sexual, but not quite (this is the video 
work, not the writing or sound pieces) 15:51:28 I do think at least in the 
US these images are the kind of imaginary one lives within 15:51:50 There 
was a book years ago which talked about Jewish (and one can apply this to 
any minority that feels beleagured) 15:52:25 culture as breaking down the 
'etiquette' of middle or upper class Anglo-American culture - 15:52:48 for 
example Freud scraping at the psyche, Marx at classical economics, 
Witgenstein at language itself, etc. 29-Jan-2007 15:53:20 Thank you! 
15:53:28 And these people were - again perhaps like codework - 15:53:39 
partially-assimilated Jews, but not 'really' assimilated - so they existed 
- again - in the liminal space which they recreated for themselves. 
15:54:06 Einstein as well. 15:54:10 This is obviously a gross 
over-simplification but it started me thinking... 15:54:27 You have the 
same thing, say, in the blues, with people like Patton 'between' African 
and 'white' rhythmic/tonal structures. 15:55:07 Ok - 15:55:12 Whew. I'm 
not sure 9something else opened up here, sorry).. 15:55:55 When I'm 
surprised by the result, it's a success, no matter how awkward. 15:56:10 
when I know 'what I'm doing' - it may well be a failure. 15:56:21 I coined 
the term 'defuge' to reference those moments which are akin to disgust 
15:56:43 for example when you try to read a novel several times 15:56:56 
and the writing itself becomes distasteful, 'decathected,' unworkable. 
15:57:14 The same thing happens with pornography, but that's another 
issue. 15:57:28 - if pornography were 'ideal' - one image would do it all 
- but that's not the case. instead, the industry is fueled by continued 
transmission. The same thing of course in the entertainment industry, etc. 
15:58:04 In sports it's another related issue - one wants one's team to 
win, but if it's a massacre all the time, the 'sport' disappears. 15:58:34 
So there's a kind of disinvestment at work here, and that also occurs in 
my writing I think when I'm too sure of myself, 'filling out that form' 
again. 15:59:04 Such as what? 15:59:28 Yes, lots of time. 15:59:52 times 
16:00:00 I think it depends. I haven't been thrown out of anything at all. 
But there's controversy definitely - the worst was probably on nettime-l 
which went on for an entire month. I left the list but came back later. 
16:01:00 I also cross-post a lot which bothers people. 16:01:07 The sexual 
content of some of the work bothers people. 16:01:19 And at my end I have 
little patience for what I think of as the right-wing which gets me into 
trouble; I just start blustering. 16:01:41 I don't know, some tame, some 
not tame - it depends on how it's defined... I don't mean to offend 
anyone, but most people don't I think. 16:02:19 AI? It's only a matter of 
time... 16:02:53 "don't I think" - I'm not sure where this typo was 
going... 16:03:19 No problem - 16:03:24 I'll be on the board, except for 
Tuesday/Wednesday, when I'll be on but not that much (traveling). 16:03:55 
With my work? Just to be able to keep doing it. And with technical things 
like music (trying to learn to play the erhu now) - just doing a better 
job 16:04:17 I'm terrible at programming, okay with borrowing or asking 
for help. 16:04:35 I want to explore more 'body-avatar' issues in Second 
Life, but I'm not sure i'll get to that... 16:04:55 I feel exactly the 
same way- 16:05:23 for me, at least the aesthetics of coding... 16:05:50 
Well, she may return, but there are other things - working with live 
dancers (who are fairly extreme and we shot in the Alps and so forth) has 
been wonderful 16:06:32 The 'parables' (they're in the book .echo) 
29-Jan-2007 16:06:57 I don't thin I need an editor but I might have 
tobother people less! 16:07:11 The dancers are like live avatars yes - 
29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact some of the work they do is imitating avatars 
exactly as much as possible - 16:07:32 When you getto something like the 
Wolf, it'sdifficult. 16:07:43 How to who feel about? 16:07:53 - 16:08:32 
We tend to inspire each other. I can't do much physical (except music) and 
the dancers are incredibly athletic. 16:08:58 I agree re: Butoh, I 
haven't, but would like to work with Butoh dancers of course 16:09:17 The 
Cunningham technique is very complex, so I can explore pretty much what I 
want... 16:09:51 Or I'm the material for the dancers; it's really back and 
forth. 16:10:09 At times I'm not sure who is doing what with whom or 
whether it's ultimately real or virtual 16:10:25 I'll be on Joanna. - 
16:10:34 I can stay for a few more minutes if there are any questions - 
16:10:53 Oh someone asked why the webpage is a directory? 16:11:03 That's 
the simplest way I can present the materials; I'm not good at design; when 
I send out texts, they usually include URLs. 16:11:27 The Trace materials 
are different - they were done with Simon Mills and are fully 
interfaced... 16:11:51 Good night! - 16:11:56 Take care - 16:12:05 There 
are six left; before I leave, are there any other questions? I'll check 
the discussion board later 29-Jan-2007 16:12:26 down to two! 16:12:34 
board with more 16:12:41 Yes 16:12:56 No problem; I'm about to sign out 
unless there's a question - we're really down to you and Christine who 
might have left... 16:13:27 I'll be on the discussion board later this 
afternoon. 16:13:59 , please send the recording if you can! 16:14:08 Well, 
if there's anything else... 16:14:17 Oh, good 16:14:32 Thanks - 16:14:40 
Thank you as well - I'm constantly worrying about the quality of these 
answers... 16:14:56 - bye - 16:14:59 left the session 16:15:08 joined the 
session 16:15:17 left the session 16:15:19

