


Yes, yes, of course.


I am God and when I die God is dead.

(There's little time left to speak to Me.)
(I'm not leaving a forwarding address.)
(Come to think of it.)
(Offerings don't count.)
(Pretty much anything you have to say.)
(Thank you for listening.)


Our Wonderful Picture of the Month!

What happens when the image of a text becomes the archaeology of the text 
itself? Let's find out in this wonderful image by Alan Sondheim. He says: 
"I took this with a Canon 630 set on flash and automatic. The image is a 
shelf in my local bookstore, full of works connected with "theory" and 
other intellectual pursuits. But everyone knows that books like knowledge, 
decay, and I thought, how can I hasten the process? I experimented with 
many filters and pencil bandwidths, finally settling on an ideal transfor- 
mation, in which a few of the titles like Doubt are just barely visible. I 
hope to continue in this vein; the best thing about digital photography is 
that no one needs to see your failures, and there are so many successes! 
I'd advise anyone to just keep their eyes open, to shoot what they know, 
and to shoot as many images as possible. You'll find that one golden one 
in the mountain of dross, but it's always worth waiting for. And with 
digital, you can just shoot and shoot and shoot! It costs almost nothing 
to make mistakes, but takes a great deal of editing and creative energy to 
find that one perfect image, the one that dreams are made of." We are sure 
that Alan will continue to make these "perfect images," and we will all 
enjoy them. This is a far cry from our Sunset Composition we began with, 
just a few months ago! http://www.asondheim.org/thelatest.jpg


Subject: Stress Fracture

View

This is the view from my desk which is neither in Paris nor the Black 
Forest; it faces nothing but bleak development, projects, urban wasteland 
scheduled for drastic over-development, still opposed by Develop Don't 
Destroy Brooklyn (DDDB) in what is increasingly appearing to be a losing 
battle. How can one expect literature from such blight, nature pushed out 
to the limit, pigeons with missing toes resulting from frostbite, squir- 
rels huddled in backyards along with jays and almost invisible mourning 
doves? Everything protects itself; humans are the dominant species and 
everything, including other humans, is prey.

So don't can't expect literature, only theory crippled by screams and auto 
accidents; you can't expect proper grammar and spelling - those literary 
matters - in the face of screeching cars and sirens.

http://www.asondheim.org/windowview.jpg





Uselessness of Monoculture


I will call 'monoculture' anything before the advent of the Internet - in 
particular artworks, literature, theater, dance, etc. etc. This culture is 
characterized by the singular; even when dispersive anatomies are present, 
they are always in opposition or subtext to traditional thought. The mono- 
lith is always present and accounted-for. The monolith is either station- 
ary or process- movement- oriented, always static or dynamic; its elements 
cohere, separate, are born to die, to be reborn again. This is the culture 
of the traditional university but it is also urban culture, street-corner 
culture; it is the culture of history and historiography, of the encyclo- 
pedia and the expert and think-tank. Monoculture resolves, whether towards 
resolution or irresolution; it is possessed by narratological impulse, by 
development and the compass. Monoculture is not necessarily unary; there 
is multiplicity and the nomadic, beneath the stars, within it. Monoculture 
blinds us to the world; it is the World that is all the case. It is the 
culture of gas, liquid, solid, electrostatics, electrodynamics, special 
and general relativity; it is the substance of quantum mechanics insofar 
as action may be defined as action or verification at a distance. In sum, 
it is our sum, our summation, our accountancy of the world and of our- 
selves, and it is useless, as the result of an Internet that is neither 
singular nor plural, neither present nor absent, neither coherent nor dis- 
persed; I will call 'Internet' what has corrupted monoculture, tended 
towards its demise. I am not implying that 'Internet' in fact or fiction 
signifies anything, that the name means; it may, in fact or fiction, be 
characterized imprecisely by insigification, spews, abjections, blurs, 
avatars, nothing at all.

For the change that has come about within and without the tangled skein, 
holarchy of networkings, is of the plasma or swarm; it is Wolfram's 
science, not Hertz's. Thinking through social sites, collaborative facting 
and fictioning, wikipediatry, avatars of avatars, bots and phishing, what 
comes clear is lack of clarity, lack of clarity's epistemology. This is a 
fundamental transform to the extent that anything is fundamental at this 
point; it sweeps away, for example, plots and allegories, bureaucracies 
and governments, minds and bodies. Think of pre-Internet novels - novels 
of modernism or post-modernism, of constructed and conceptual weavings, of 
characters or lack of them. And television, theater, cinema, follow suit; 
one is locked into farther time, father time, to diegesis, to an unravel- 
ing that characterizes experimental film as well. Neither film nor paint- 
ing are linear, but both participate in a locking-down of perspective, no 
matter what openings, contusions, are on the horizon.

Lacan, Gardner, even Bateson presaged multiplicities; in Wolfram the swarm 
is simultaneously organized and disorganized. Lacan never went far enough; 
there was that reliance on language, no matter how shifted. It comes down 
to this: When I read a novel, I don't recognize myself, the 'times,' any- 
thing. When I watch a show on television, there are actors, people, or 
animated actors. They're moving through familiar antiquated monolithic 
space, proscenium or deep space - it makes no difference; there's always a 
perspective. Perspective invades novels, stories, the world of monolithic 
writing - on the other hand, try assigning a vanishing-point to MySpace or 
even Facebook. Even Second Life, which tends towards classical perspec- 
tive, falls apart on the edges where the simulacrum of physics is turned, 
churned upside-down. One doesn't recognize (oneself or others) in Second 
Life because recognition is already a problem; everything moves within the 
aegis of Bell's theorem.

Consider photographic apparatus: begin with camera obscura, that one-to- 
one allegory of the real - through Daguerre, view cameras, stationary then 
moving then Edgerton. Cameras dissolve into swarming components; now com- 
ponents themselves disappear as cameras transform into light-sensitive 
holarchies, networked or independent, under whose or what control? The 
image ends up everywhere and nowhere at all; no longer is it allegory - 
which has long since disappeared - but the stuttering of the fragment 
which no longer is in need of suture or extension. You can watch family 
trauma, physical and mental abuse, on the morning talk shows, but whose 
families? whose abuse? whose perspective? It doesn't need to end up on 
YouTube; YouTube provides its own violence, its own parameters of liter- 
ally unfathomable streams. Videos are removed if found, if from copy- 
righted material; everything gets through, leaks. But leaks from nothing - 
the culture, non-monolithic, Internetted, leaks without transmitters, 
receivers, leaks without channels, or leaks from traditional channels, 
only to be churned back, lost in brackish protocol.

Code, programs, codes, protocols, reference one another, are increasingly 
open-sourceless; scratch the surface and no one's there, nor beneath the 
surface - all those dead-ending projects on SourceForge ending up maybe 
somewhere else, maybe vaporware, the languor of the name. Languages embed 
languages; soon they'll be without physical foundation for all intents and 
purposes, perfectly floating signifiers shattering against subroutines and 
useful or useless misuses. (The world doesn't end either with a bang or 
with a whimper; there is no world to end.)

This confusion is on the ground as well - in some places, Harry Potter 
really is a witch; children suffer as a result. It doesn't take electron- 
ics; it takes nothing more than extinctions, overpopulation, global cli- 
mate change, weapon distribution, religious fanaticisms, starvation, 
desertification - the unsupportive world. Radiations swirl around the 
farthest villages; there are unheard broadcasts, music, news, exhortations 
to the perfect religious life, promises of vacated paradises. These places 
or spaces are the future of the novel; language dissolves without signifi- 
ers, without that place where the sememe holds, however tenuously. It's 
here that home is found, in the bombing of the home, categorization of 
flora and fauna, ethnic cleansing. Online real explosions transform into 
hacking, thousands, millions, of MySpace friends, hundreds of millions of 
blogs, billions of Wikipedia pages hardly ever under contestation. Yes, 
it's all true. Yes, none of it is.

Monolithic culture prepared the battlefield inhabited only by the wounded. 
Monolithic culture developed the technology of multiplicity and the plasma 
- a multiplicity of multiplicities, never stationary enough for analysis, 
never moving enough for a coherent dynamics to emerge. It's a memory to an 
extent, to the extent that memory is encapsulated in fast-forward media 
already forgetting what was loosened in the habitus.

This is all electronic, all colonial, all nanobot, this isn't your fath- 
er's monoculture, your mother's multiplicity, your father's multiplicity, 
your mother's monoculture. Capital seeps everywhere as do heat and water; 
island nations are disappearing in the Pacific, Atlantic not far behind. 
Think of this as the anxiety of diminishing power; surely, not only is the 
world out of control, but control is as well. What happens to feedback in 
chaotic domains? One likes to think fecundity, fractal, but in the real 
this holds only so long before 'things' bottom out in rust and tumors. 
Monoculture is always waiting in the wings; as networks decay and data- 
bases turn useless, big iron will descend upon the world. But this is far 
in the future, a future so defined that no one will see it, no one will 
inhabit it. Instead of now, we are pre-sent, always in a state of arrival; 
there are endless tracks, monorails, they go nowhere, sink in dust, 
desiccation.

This is all electronic, and as technology miniaturizes, improves, perhaps 
these skeins will continue, sheathed, to exist, transmit, transform, no 
matter what. Then the scenario simply holds longer. Consider: There are no 
species. There is no real life, no organic life, no artificial life, no 
patented life, no constructed life. There is network life and one hopes 
that the remnants of wilderness (which are not to be deconstructed) remain 
that way, that enclaves succeed where management hasn't. Consider: There 
are no persons; there are couplings, situations which grow increasingly 
small and temporary, imminent decisions. Consider: Immanence has disap- 
peared, if it were every anything more than mythos; it's replaced by the 
Facebook contact, as enunciations are replaced and replicated by 'What I 
am doing now.' Consider the usual: We are all audience; none of us are 
watching; we are all watching; there is no 'we.' It's the latter Lacan has 
missed; there is nothing to talk about. These essays themselves are thin 
sheaves, interspersions; they carry the dim light of the dusk into the 
dusk. 'Beyond' means absolutely nothing; time is indicated only by the 
stoppage of death. What is a store if not a mouse-click or twitch? What is 
a body if not blown to pieces by a car-bomb? On a certain undefined level, 
these are identical. Perhaps an economic level. Perhaps in the poetics of 
disappearance.

To be in pain, slaughtered, wounded, is two-fold, interior, exterior. The 
former stops everything; it is unthinkable, unbearable. It is always other 
even when ourselves. The color of time disappears without witness. But 
exterior - this requires transmission, a receiver, political economy, some 
means of noise control. The receiver must be receptive, must orient itself 
towards the message; otherwise the message remains noise, death. The 
receiver must have space place for reception, a moment off the network 
which in the very real, idiotic inert real, may be what has brought her to 
this moment. But the receiver is already dissolving and a hundred-thousand 
new novels are being born, and they are not novels, nor histories, but 
software biographies perhaps. Rather than monoculture, monolith, let us 
say multlathe, uncontrolled or multiply-controlled lathes refashioning, 
refiguring, configuring, what we are reading that was once literature. 
There is great exhilaration, great promise; multilathing, in its bypassing 
any and all absolutes, is always in process of permanent deconstruction. 
Think of the school essay, modified, bought, sold, dated, outdated, online 
and offline, assembled, reassembled, spell-checked, recreated, plagiar- 
ized, written on demand, printed on demand, behind wikipediatry, related 
to class, gender, sex, race, nation, religion, handedness, all or none. 
Think of the essay reader, the recipient, following through with programs 
designed to weed out the copy which is always already a copy, hacking his 
way through the sememe looking for miscreants, passing results to and from 
university and institutional databases, listening softly to the YouTube 
song, exchange of draft letter on Gmail, or just listening to Ipod Itunes 
with her Ii. The whole world is steganographic, embedded, uninterpretable, 
piecemeal, exchanged.

So for better or worse monoculture is dead; it grew on foreign soil, is in 
the process of recession. To what? To the corners of vulnerable data-bases 
and technologies, conservationists, those disappearing from the present. 
The future were there, pre-sent, and it's why novels and paintings and 
just about anything before 1985, say - _not_ 1968 - is inconceivably 
quaint, something for school credit, nothing more. We need an ethnography 
of our own pasts presented as disappearing cultures or archaeologies 
written in the unreadable, spoken in the unspeakable; it is here that our 
bodies once reproduced and never reproduced in the continuing acceleration 
of images - of someone or other or no one at all.

(I'm not good enough; I'm not smart enough: You may think this is tempora- 
ry or not-me, not-I, that this is elsewhere, of an other, an other genera- 
tion, place space, time, time before death. This is not the bicylist who 
was injured on the corner of Fifth and Bergen three days ago, but this is 
her/our interior, her/our political economy, what comes about in the midst 
of architecture and physics. I want to talk about the pleasure of novel- 
reading, Harry Potter and other accelerants, and their fan- and enclave- 
existence. I want to talk about radiations and dusts and their dispersions 
and what they carry from prions to nanogarbage to pollutions to sex to 
early deaths from bullets and asthma. I want to talk about mash, I want to 
perform djay vjay Vday vdday. I want to be you or someone. Rimbaud knew he 
was splitting up. The last of the obscene has passed, the obscene is al- 
ways passing: the ob-hack fractured and visible. The last of the discourse 
too.)



Nagarjuna 1 2 3

You are singing no space, place, spatial distinctions cumber observation, 
the annihilated self. How so. Speak no speech, to be spoken to, undisting- 
uished distinction, in zazen in walking meditation, hearing is the space 
of the heard. My bones are ornaments, my neck Buddha's, my eyes Nagarju- 
na's. Pratyahara, withdrawal, without rasa, flavor, fervour. Breathing is 
the body's violence, meditate your corpse, you have it, you are singing no 
home, no home singing, you are singing no home singing, you are singing no 
home singing no home singing, you are singing no home singing
http://www.asondheim.org/buddha.mp3



Bhaga


"Two lives there certainly are not; -- nevertheless an extra body is 
visible, by reason of the Shadow-Sickness."

"  Naga-tabi no
  Oto wo shitaite
   Mi futatsu ni
  Naru wa onna no
  Saru rikombyo. "

( Lafcadio Hearn )

What is foretold by gong is foreshadowed by memory of its telling.
True, but emergence she said.
She said true, but emergence.

http://www.asondheim.org/bhaga.mp3



notes on code:

study of huddling http://www.asondheim.org/huddled.mp4

Major modality:
Relationship between modeling and codework:
mapping within the subtext/substructure of the metric.
Visual modeling: Visual as thetic  - modality of happenstance (i.e. 
modeling becomes dependent on the physiology of visual bandwidth). 
Aural modeling: Visual with similar field, different spatial modality.

How is the thetic (is that the correct word?) in relation to ideality?
Does political economy depend on visual/aural physiology?

Scanning as doubled text: coded software / parameterization of the real 
tending towards results which are residue (separate the results from the 
structure). But within the phenomenology of the real, the results and 
structure are inextricably tangled.

Motion capture (mocap) - see scanning. In scanning, the static object is 
standard; in motion capture, the dynamic object. Think perhaps of the 
latter in terms of a second-order differential - doubled modeling of 
changes (1. through mocap; 2. through 'accelerated modeling').

The results: the 'code carapace' or chiten - Barrier/revelation code. 
(Older work: The relation of consciousness to structured systems: what are 
the manifestations of those systems?) Code as armor.

Seeing and hearing seem 'tawdry,' unable to sustain the abstracted or 
philosophical weight placed upon them. To see or hear text philosophically 
churns on transparency; everything else stumbles. We turn to writing 
because it gets away from us to the extent that it's also reflective of 
deep abstraction, alien-code (all code is alien).

All code is alien because it calls from elsewhere - or rather, doesn't 
call at all; it's as if someone created it, it's as if it wasn't created, 
not a bit of it.

Which is the fundamental phenomenological status of code: some of it is 
created, but some of it isn't.



What was here -


Second Life residue / theory, Sandy Baldwin, Alan Sondheim:
On avatars and avatar escapes, July 26 performance -
duplication eliminated -

[13:23]  Gesture is missing from database.
Eifachfilm Vacirca Online
sandy Taifun [13:29]  Taifun: My avatars! little people!
I have moved into the interior of  avatars...
avatars speak with a thousand voices. Mon poupees. 
DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE HUMAN?
murmur constantly, you can hear them just beneath surface, in my heart, 
gasps air, dolls
[13:30]  They run around everywhere, underfoot. will play song, aire, 
jig or rondelay!
vectored human 
define an avatar as organism which infinitely repairable 
not 
within and without semi-geodesic space paralleling 
i'm becoming avatar-man dream-woman. 
natyasatrotpatti: mythical origin work
You begin to understand that all are bots expert systems some symptoms 
am
preksagrhalasksana: characteristicis playhouse its different parts
You: ==/222
Well, there's no more it, his writing discourse itself getting stale. 
He's taken bend
trundles bundles towards future; we're there carrying than our share 
avatar's, where there, so heard
Just like those pirouettes, if were body at center them. Her skirt kept 
flying up, was nothing
SQUEAK forever now hold your peace; this life, do lease on any other, 
left, 
rangadevatapujana: worship deities connected stage
upangavidhana: gestures minor limbs such eyes eyballs eyebrows nose 
cheeks lower lip chin mouth
fifty industrialized nations incincerated 250000 Iraqis ARMED POLITICS 
ANNIHILIZATION science baby, camera absurd linkage VOLUPTUOUS SHOCK 
VIGOR BODY FRAME "TREE" "SEA" "SKY" "I" GO AWAY red pepper boiling 
vinegar teach marks PHILOSOPHY OF VIRTUAL BEDROOM AVATAR immortal 
sacred heater language train pet
ritual-objects-insignia-power-substitute-spiritual-satellite-enchanted-l
ove-exposure-regulative-transaction-corruption-norm
acquire baody others - blood milk urine shit face value social 
universal perversion contract law coordinate field
rudding odors sweat vaginal semen ova decompositions bacteria 
vegetation hummingbirds sparrows flies mites "i detest her because i 
know well" imitate her" curse felt"
OOH AHH YOU AAH YOUR YOURS ARMS criminalization society = transactions 
portions feed decay protodocument libertinage rules for outcries 
screams unnatural acts after-image liquefy vaporize crime shortcircuit 
dissipate thickness passion trigger calculate
sinews muscles mecoming glands libs blotting out muscular enervations 
loose wet chest become
semiotic comic witness extreme pleasure speech reduction crushed 
conspiracy integral monsters torso split big brains
cipher OUTRAGE THE NORM ASSAULT SUCH EQUILIBRIUM BLAZE SCREAM solitude 
essential limit stranger shout
metallize starched nurse uniform wanton hands liquify atmospheric 
electricity markers lust muddies turgid light idols
vaseline-coated lens streets orchid limb thrust meter possessive 
handgun GIMME SAY AM DYING remaining suspended fondly animal fur 
feathers root dank hummus flake caress fabric come silk leather seesaw 
horse hump transact mire ossify
slime
fluminescens
hardness bones rods collapse secretions belly giggling jelly swamps 
fetishize solidify sweating gleaming belts boots powdered
male milk-sap LIFE FLUID EXCESS BLOOD PUMP fluid conduity neuter 
identity self hunt economy dyad eat wife-force co-
[13:31]  phallocratic mach bullshit rights WIT NONSENSE RICOCHET HEART 
CLANDESTINE NIBBLES ocean illuminated plastic box motor, tiny
heels depilated legs job musculature buildt gym scar liquid hand 
movement want man woman PEFORATED LOBES EARS HIS NOSTRILS TUSKS BEAKS 
CLAWS PLUMES SHELLS PATHS FEAST
hillbill
monoculture
SURFACE! SEX! SHADOWS! ELEMENTS! PINK MUFFINS! COUCH EARTH! DUCK LIPS! 
MANDRAKES!
small creature half-hidden seaweed brown drag undertow hermit crab 
shell smelled moist ebb doorway
[13:32]  corpse color remains when their unreality has been demonstrated
becomes eye longer stimulation retina world declares odorless song wind 
trees
remediations, mediations, projectivities,  introjectivities, 
phenomenologies, histories, mechanics, Extruded intruded (upon) body: 
cleansed bodies continuous middle-eastern 'war'
armored imaginary journeys  (Rhine, England); sexualized bodies:
o avatar, rise midst maelstrom, sadness cobalt plutonium uranium radium 
seriously, what covers pain completion, yours argon xenon neon, whirl 
me through infinnnnitude drugs 
file sex fuck suck cum avatar.
knife skin watch solo sexatar watch. 
shades avatars-- precognition behavior collision transparent 
interpenetration gave new Life Avatar Body moves would move had File 
called God
attempting escape vectors result avatar-work led 15:47:47 There 
constructed motion capture  equipment 15:48:08 images laser scanning
check Love War, Avatar, Cyborg, Experimental conferences. 
{avatars backed, back infinite space}.
digital sublime, space} 
imitating real-life people right, imitatin avatars. 
refuse moon-bay, moon-bay.  avatars, (digital) sublime; backed
, well, these torn apart, By What May AsK? 
sublime
backs against wall space; nowhere left go. 
elsewhere
The disappearance branch hardened rock occasional  artifacts. 
itself, image-avatar, ghost. ghost travels anything course;  coordinates
tacit knowledge electronic Every symbol ligament avatar; every referent 
gesture; gesture procures body; speaking
spectre doll faerie wraithe hobgoblin troll tengu kappa presence 
cloth stitch suture binding closing damming holding velvet cotton wool 
"Consider next smearing thinking skin.\n";
Kamishibai, virtual idols, PlayKiss 
Nikuko, Meat-Girl, (among others) 'emanation' 
another dead ok you're hearing imitation 78 record created event very 
low frequency
help. 16:04:35 explore 'body-avatar' issues 
tobother less! 16:07:11 dancers live yes 29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact 
they something head pieces did while ago but excusable! went  
somewhere, said something!
beginning transparency, wizard listening-posts MOOs example. Here we 
are, becoming-virtual still. 
Given danced-to-infinity motion-capture second=life quasi-avatar  
tethered somewhat distanced
image 'break through' private  barriers course consequence
"one by one, each line alone, typing Control-d done.\n"; 
$name calls forth $a[$gen1] $noun[$non], hungered, making things.  
$prep[$pre] $a[$gen], $a[$diff], $[$gen], $str?
system("touch .trace; rev rope >> .trace");           system("rm 
rope");  
"Your inscription finished, thing.", "\n\n" 3 < $g; 
fly it. takenpart apart llnhx 2.2.6.::attributions Devour Blue 
Nattributions Brought Forth lntarn$l karnals, bhckats pf mpdhlas, 
Attempt grapple ungrapple Death Star Galleon (s0): h boarding Flying 
Dutchy (f0) Dutc
Sound wood wire: alpine zither: 
wish home computer with. 
avoid swords.  swords make angry.
avatar-meat  representation uncaptured remembering origins / scars 
ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital igital ancer.  
ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. igital{{}}avatar{}analog.  
deconstructible 
level deconstruction
engineering reverse "My leashed, logical  thought, protocols thought; 
it's wonder think  al
One cannot reach farther one's reach, closer control release, 
dissipation. Enter reality     world, suffused sound. 
Over Lord 1      Quon: tone war... Wings creak, sound beginning.        
  (Subtitle)  
Haruka: "Why blue?" That's wondering.     Ayato stops turns toward Har
MACHINE coursing trapped blood, flush spirit vaporized, substitute 
bodypart another, apparatus obstinancy, prick
machine: undoes belt buckle him, finds right diagram support weight, 
tongue, zone, other love
MOUTH LETS CHAINS SENTENCES, RAMPLES, GIGGLES, TONGUES SPREAD WET OUT 
OVER LIPS, LEAKS, COLLAPSES, MELTS, FINGERS
[13:33]  don't listen avatar-man. dream-woman contaminated. building 
condemned.  
transformed early version 'outt' blue construct-space outt-structure.
avatar-video avatar-performance content degree.
sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya,  prakata, 
pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita
prefer small, seeping, peripeheral, marginal, scattered words
sites, domains, emanations, emissions, interwoven sharing coagulated 
ego/s, matrices, languages, bodies.
break down here, use me? absjure, abjure ... moments ? 
words, drops say drizzle
everything moment you, mmmm... matrix, mother, maternal, announces edge 
frame dialog, carried forth...  
times smooth us, bits bytes, protocls lost smoothing functions traced 
across peripheries, margins
coagulating limpets seas jellies
made, women, sounded, resonated, protocol, site open winds 
you've before, over again, repetition goal delibery interval...  
bring about semblance face, lineaments mouths, elsewhere, sides things
often lure seduction among here relates Lacanian objet a, deferal.... 
future Net, it attains state _seamless reality,_ melding real
disturbances way tending _psychosis,_ interweaving realities, respon- 
sibilities claim
Avatars always disturbances, irruptions language, lang- uage portending 
_the raveling existence essence
appear erasures also visible, letters disappearing reverse. 
dark dreams, enough soft limbs, mine... 
matrix saves ending, pureness salvaging spaces... 
subject other/ near side screen 
tangled avatar-sites/sights/citations. @create $thing begging.
clear speaker herself separate creations. Voices, voices!   
Each participant occupies represents (virtual) constituted written
begging object number #75438.  
margins, slippages, constitutions, constructs, emergences "depths" 
software hardware, blockages flows
only taking account, well surface manifestations possible comprehend 
subjectivity
These develop limits program, reveal substructures/protocols violate 
dialogs
stick-like _anime_ figures work, distributed authorships anatomies.
consider _projection self_ appearance various applications
audiophiles app arounds bio blogs awk biomes  tion tr 
We look ruptures characters resonating interfering configuration files
exe everglades
empathetic encapsulations episteme extasis entropic extensivity fantasm 
externality [13:34]  package: knives. prims cut. 
talks. inside he says. construction torsion edge-space. world. 
anorectic 
[13:35]  =====/999
original
/www
/bbb
/qqq
eggs
placenta cloaca
3/333
[13:36]  [13:37]  [13:38]  ====/ggg
[13:39]  [13:40]  [13:41]  ====/;;;
/'''
/zzz
/xxx
oooo [13:42]  [13:43]  [13:44]  [13:45]  egg
[13:46]  =======nous sont
nous sexdrive florescenece
font wack
centimes
centimez
=nous sens
hung eagle
news sense
[13:47]  sonnet rect fluu
KJHKL
help send [13:48]  buttons liquids
wiffle
()(*)
black rose thorn
ewwt hmmmmxxx
[13:49]  stem baby cell
fine germanaachec
===if tyype won't be still during period fingers moving elsewhere.
/yyy
[13:50]  pistol sucking fisted hair
given up how many lines ascii
==if type fight iraq thoughts [13:51]  freedom else
return
lima lamina [13:52]  ==/eee
/rrr
/tttt
[13:53]  sputum war wrap arm =/kkk
[13:54]  ==--=
[13:55]  [13:56]  god bod
[13:57]  tv
Try closer.  Can't sit same region you.
[13:59]  =====/ddd
lick
yearn
[14:00]  ()(
[14:02]  [14:03]  [14:04]  clown
InnerT00b: aren't owner
[14:05]  [14:06]  ======/ggg
whole
Like slimy hole
[14:07]  ==/666
[14:08]  [14:09]  =/iii
/[[[
j;ljssldj;d aaahhhhhhhh
=/mmm
[14:10]  =/1111
gooo goooo goo meee cooo pooo
/z/zzz
9-=-09
[14:11]  WEEE TUSY TUSKY WWOOOOSHY
margerine
massage cheep
jf
[14:12]  myh horno
royal road
[14:13]  flutter mu
outrage
bad go [14:14]  crumbs fattties flat oybc py puncture
==== =/,,,
/...
/\\\
/qqqq
wanted sole
d conditoin
[14:15]  A REAL MAN WOULDNT'
cna't bew
REEALL WOMAN IN REEL HER BELLY AND HAIR
HAH HA HAHHAHAH
LAFF IMMOLATS
[14:16]  dissection ham
da haoney
JLll oh [14:17]  encounter
====/777
0000000
toy finger
[14:18]  fluids
/nous bon jour
oui ii iii fffuucckkk
=when write one WHEN WRITE THIS NO CAN SEE ME
[14:19]  WRITTEN COMES TO TELL OTHERWISE
listened wouldn't WHENIWRITETHISLIKEIN THISFASHIONIT WILLREMAINFOREVER
shudder came
YES YESYES YESYESYES NOUSSONT NOUSNOUSSONT
=/PPP
effe [14:20]  [14:21]  sigh cage merge miniscus
[14:22]  septum
why didn't happen
[14:23]  

===

control

sections of control performed by sandy baldwin alan sondheim
in sl east of odyssey excerpted from 19-minute video in which
sound provides the motive and text provides the moment of 
disappearance

http://www.asondheim.org/control.mp4

the full video would be around 200 megabytes highly compressed;
this is bad enough but sufficient and indicative of the sort of
psychodrama undergone by avatars in disregard of their human 
creators who remain in the background while sky land and skin
turn blood

this is america and iraq this is gender this is all or none this
is gray code incremental

learn the art of gray code and you will never have error again

Uncanny Beauty


http://www.asondheim.org/denverstorm.jpg

shelf equation resulting

http://www.asondheim.org/shelf1.png
http://www.asondheim.org/shelf2.png
http://www.asondheim.org/shelf3.png
http://www.asondheim.org/shelf4.png

now coding process

http://www.asondheim.org/codingproces.png

Coding process consists of four arrows.

Class 0 and Class 4 interact, encode, decode, model transmission 
through Interface 1: Interface 1 may be an encoder, decoder, channel,
none or all of these. But there are results and results.

However think through a second process.

Interface 6 and Interface 1 interact, transform the ontology of Class 7. 
Thus Class 7 is virtual by dint of representation through the processes of 
Interface 6 and Interface 1. Perhaps the full model is a ghost trap within 
which the epistemological changes among Class 4 and Class 0 are iin 
relation to the ontological change of Class 7, virtual. Then perhaps 
Interface 6 and Interface 1 are in a continuous process of evanescence, 
disappearance. These are the models of coding process.

moktak

moktak composition for plane, bird, lake, moktak

http://www.asondheim.org/moktak.mp4

"Mandala is the impression of the feet." (Hevajratantra)

"May I hear the three sounds, may I perceive the three forms."

"Having said this to witness I will have been reborn."

"Propitiation dies with the insurmountable corpse."

"Meditate upon the double entrance of the circle."

"The accountancy of rebirth is of no account at all (i.e. nothing)."

"All afflictions, all sufferings, extinguished by these words."

"The whole of existence, Clear Light and mirror."

"Ten directions and no sounds, two directions, semen and blood."

"Ten directions, no sounds, the (fierce) corpse is killed."

"May I perceive the word of the corpse."

"Death is a tautology."

"May I perceive the word of death."


on our earth, the killdeer

we are on earth for such a shorttime, we have no more than a picture.
the picture is what we think of when we say, 'the way things are.'
just yesterday or tomorrow, something new, perhaps a bee.
the bee pollinates a flower shortly after our death.
there is a storm somewhere.
just now, i am beginning to understand the alarm calls of the killdeer.
the ghost of a shorebird, the feint, the run, the back and forth.
everything, everyone, lives in a different world.
i can say this because the image is always a sad image, the image is in
mourning for our death.

http://www.asondheim.org/killdeeralarm.mp3

like neural signals, the killdeer calls are a mix of analog and digital 
phenomenology - their frequency is very narrow, and the repetitions of 
standard (most likely territorial or display) calls are easily comprehen- 
ded - at least they appear to be (the cry of the killdeer is easily iden- 
tified) - on the other hand, there are temporal processes, non-standard 
pitch and repetition, which present information, in this case alarm based 
on distance, degree of threat, etc. - as far as i can tell - which means 
nothing at all - on the sample you hear both calls and responses and the 
changes within individual calls as well.

===




_NOTES AND DIALOG ON CODE_ (7/31/07) (Sandy Baldwin and Alan Sondheim)


NOTES ON CODE (Alan Sondheim)

Major modality:
Relationship between modeling and codework:
mapping within the subtext/substructure of the metric.
Visual modeling: Visual as thetic  - modality of happenstance (i.e. 
modeling becomes dependent on the physiology of visual bandwidth). 
Aural modeling: Visual with similar field, different spatial modality.

How is the thetic (is that the correct word?) in relation to ideality?
Does political economy depend on visual/aural physiology?

Scanning as doubled text: coded software / parameterization of the real 
tending towards results which are residue (separate the results from the 
structure). But within the phenomenology of the real, the results and 
structure are inextricably tangled.

Motion capture (mocap) - see scanning. In scanning, the static object is 
standard; in motion capture, the dynamic object. Think perhaps of the 
latter in terms of a second-order differential - doubled modeling of 
changes (1. through mocap; 2. through 'accelerated modeling').

The results: the 'code carapace' or chiten - Barrier/revelation code. 
(Older work: The relation of consciousness to structured systems: what are 
the manifestations of those systems?) Code as armor.

Seeing and hearing seem 'tawdry,' unable to sustain the abstracted or 
philosophical weight placed upon them. To see or hear text philosophically 
churns on transparency; everything else stumbles. We turn to writing 
because it gets away from us to the extent that it's also reflective of 
deep abstraction, alien-code (all code is alien).

All code is alien because it calls from elsewhere - or rather, doesn't 
call at all; it's as if someone created it, it's as if it wasn't created, 
not a bit of it. Which is the fundamental phenomenological status of code: 
some of it is created, but some of it isn't.


DIALOG 

Sandy Baldwin:

Thanks for these notes - always helpful. It would be interesting to 
present them somehow with the video. I'm trying to think about your 
question about the relation of the thetic to ideality. Now, the former 
references taking a position (thesis) and signification (cf Kristeva); the 
latter references Husserlian phenomenology and the constitutions of 
objects. Are the second set of distinctions (political economy - visual / 
aural physiology) parallel to the first two? Anyway, I wonder if you would 
venture an answer to the question?

Alan Sondheim: 

I'm not sure I understand all the modalities or connotations of the 
thetic; online we have (among other things): 2.  Presented dogmatically; 
arbitrarily prescribed. and derived: Greek thetikos, from thetos, placed, 
from tithenai, to put; see dh- in Indo-European roots

So I was thinking of the thetic as arbitrary proffering, gesturing; if 
code might be construed from ideality, the thetic might be construed from 
code.

The visual/aural/sensory modalities seem clearly arbitrary in the larger 
scheme of things, if such exists; the electrical senses of fish obviously 
map the world completely differently (not to mention magnetism in birds, 
bees sensing of solar polarization etc.). So this is the thetic, the shown 
and it's in relation to political economy, which is dependent on culture 
and organism. The ideality - and this for me is where a kind of 
neo-platonism comes into play - is a structure which underlies everything 
- a structure which _might_ map through propositional logic or Wolfram's 
cellular automata or etc.

The structure is alien to the extent that a rock is in-itself, ding an 
such. It's possibly here that the uncanny of codework appears (and coding 
in general, mathematics/mathesis in general) - that code, no matter how 
written, always seems, in part, to come from somewhere else, to appear, to 
have appearance, whatever the sensory modality.

Sandy: 

Thanks for the elaboration of the thetic. Some thoughts: As to the 
visual/aural modalities (you mention fish, for example), I wonder if 
inter-species animal display such as "stotting" (sp?) or "organs to be 
seen" and the like, apply here. Here the code of display, in the large 
sense of code from Eco or elsewhere, implies a semiotics that can't simply 
be understood in terms of a return to the individual or even the species, 
that gestures towards a general not-political economy. I'm thinking that 
we, insofar as we are just such animals in the world, are on display for 
the other (substitutable in the sense Levinas talks of).

Alan: 

Had to look up stotting! The sp. is right. But I'm not sure that it 
doesn't imply a 'return to the individual' insofar as the communication is 
a signal? This isn't the 'mutual orienting of cognitive domains' - it's 
masquerade or camouflage in a sense? But the display has to be readable by 
the other, in both cases, stotting or display for the other, and the 
modalities are always limited; in fact, with stotting, the limitation is 
absolutely necessary - for a signal to be a signal.

Sandy:

I take this substitutability I refer to above as the alien you refer to * 
the alien that I am. The thetic (as arbitary positing and also as a 
"thing" in the scopic field) is always ideological. I think this is where 
I'm coming to your point about ideality, and when you mentioned 
neo-platonic I thought of Barthes' on the photograph as a kind of 
"emission" (in the sense of
Plotinus).

Alan:

Yes, I think we're in agreement here perhaps. The alien is the source 
structuration of code; the propositional calculus can't be consumed...

Sandy:

Agreed. Obviously, I'm thinking, on the one hand, of Bataille or Lingis 
and their insistence and foregrounding of economies of excess and 
non-return; but then, thought is made to account for and come back to 
itself. Now, this dialectical reason is inseparable from philosophy, yet 
we know there are other philosophies and unreasonable ways of thinking. I 
could see this as life within and against the human.

Alan:

Interesting... I agree with you but then there's the 'selfish gene' issue 
- if the stotting is common and in various species, then it's not leaky at 
all but highly efficient; certainly it would be evolutionarily (?) 
determined more than other signals, since it's at the fulcrum of life and 
death...

Sandy:

Here's a different but not unrelated question - returning to the alien as 
"source structuration of code." I wonder about the following: it seems to 
me the subject relation to the symbolic online, let's say to the ideality 
of ascii, is like that of the subject of film. There's is something like 
suture occuring, and so on; at the same time, there's a difference and 
even a complete reversal. I think this has to do with time, but I'm not 
sure? Any thoughts here - again, if it's too much, there's no need.

Alan:

I'm lucky to be online. A HUGE storm is coming, lightning etc. out here. 
Anyway - the subject online is an actant of course; the suture is similar 
but different in that the filmic subject is predetermined - and therein 
lies it's power - I think it relates to a fundamental masochism. The 
viewer is held in thrall by the film, and/or the actions of the viewer 
change nothing about the film itself - which continues to unravel at its 
own pace - but only about the diegesis, which is always in dialog. The 
subject in relation to the online symbolic, I assume you're referencing 
jectivity (projecting, introjecting) is in a sense too much in control, as 
if that control were offered to us elsewhere, outside online being as 
well. In that sense, time is 'supple' for the online subject - in film, 
it's not linear, but shuttled, and that dialog is set into motion by the 
obdurate quality of the film, which just unravels. Of course this obdurate 
quality relates, I think, to the inert of the real as well. Then when one 
brings dream, dream-screen, all these other aspects into it, the whole 
situation becomes muddled? Perhaps hopelessly so?

Sandy:

Thanks, yes. I think in the suppleness of the online subject: ASCII gives 
me life, I give ASCII life, but I also ask more of ASCII than it can give, 
and it gives more than I can ASCII. (In the otherness of it.) Also, 
interesting that there's no "apparatus theory" of the net, beyond your 
internet text of course (which does explain all).


The World in Two Jokes

How many Passenger Pigeons does it take to change a light bulb?
None.

How many Tibetan Buddhists does it take to change a light bulb?
None.


b.c. a.d.

Analogical, used by way of analogy
Analogically, in an analogical manner
Analogicalness, the quality of being analogical
Analogize, to explain by way of analogy
Analogous, having analogy
Analogy, resemblance between things

Digit, three fourths of an inch, the twelfth part of the diameter
of the sun or moon; an number expressed by a single figure
Digitated, branched out into divisions like fingers

Electre, a mixed metal
Electrical, Electrick, attractive without magnetism
Electricity, a property in bodies, wherebye, when rubbed, they 
draw substances, and emit fire

(Walker's Critical Pronouncing Dictionary, 1823)



the mirror

everything has been said about the mirror, speech cannot reflect,
lip reading is muscle reading, speech reflects upon speech, 
there is here and that, there are no scent, touch, nothing of
temperature or sound, sound may reflect, not here and now among
the eye, there are no taste, of which the pure, for example that
dirty bum over there, no need to clean her mirror cloth, brilliant,
what happens before the mirror is caught within the mirror, from a
certain viewpoint, certain angle, not everywhere, not even where 
you or i are

the mirror is a form of digital memory, instantaneous release and
absence of commitment, filtered the visible within the eternal, 
that is to say positioning the eternal, positing the turn away 
from, away from what, from contagion, from what cannot reflect or 
be reflected, there are always exceptions, less relevant than one
might think, what is the rule here, only photonic mechanisms,
absorption release, according to what, according to mathesis, to
pure form itself, to the cleansed mirror, forgetting just the rest
of things

turning the mirror off, turning away from the mirror, from mirror
or mirroring, even the shift at an obtuse angle, there it goes, 
there it all goes

but the memory, that is, of the digital before its bearing, before
presage, prespeech, of a future anterior, which is what, which is
why the mirror appears to foretell what, foretell the future

which is why the future is digital


( http://www.asondheim.org/mirror1.jpg )
( http://www.asondheim.org/mirror2.jpg )
( http://www.asondheim.org/mirror3.jpg )
( http://www.asondheim.org/mirror4.jpg )




Radio, fossils, sound, abjection

Some extremely old (crystal) radio equipment I'll be working with in 
New York and West Virginia:

The cylinders are the oldest - they're called a 'loose coupler' - this is 
probably an 'Arlington' type and is an adjustable inductor used for 
tuning. I think the date is between 1912-1914 which is extremely old for 
radios. The earphones are newer, but I'm not sure how new, since I have a 
Western Electric 1903 linesman telephone set (I showed it to you ) that I 
has roughly the same design. So probably around the same time. The 'box' 
is a tunable spherical inductor - I have no idea how to use this (yet; I 
do have schematics back in Brooklyn); I'm guessing the date is between 
1915-1919 at the latest. So all of this stuff is extremely early. The cat 
whisker and galena crystal mounted on the loose coupler is much later; I'm 
guessing the 50s or so. The loose coupler would have attached to elements 
spread out on a bench - there weren't any 'sets' that I know of from this 
period, although I may well be wrong. In other words, this is a more 
modern crystal that someone attached to the board to complete the set.

I want to set all of this up with an extremely long wire antenna; I don't 
think it will be that difficult and I'll probably have the thing running 
in a week or so after returning to NY. The eventual idea would be to 
record the roar of the world, as well as VLF signals, and then to study 
the result with a modern signal analyzer, either hardware or software.


Now part of the theory here - again, thinking of mirror as digital - and 
then one might think of sound and its reflections as neither or both 
digital and analog - 'uncanny':

Sound always within the imminence of presence - the same sound or 
granularity whether present nearby or at a distance - echo etc. gives an 
indication of distance (as if there were a 'distance function), but it's a 
'spread' of the original which is always already spread (in time). The 
original is always present. The original is always present. Sound is 
always interior and exterior, it relates to abjection (as in opposition to 
the mirror (stage)); it's second person, it speaks within the body, it's a 
'voice in the head' - the mirror on the other hand is all exteriority, 
purification -

Echoes are uncanny - they're a dislocation of granularity; at the same 
time they preserve it as a kernel (within an aura). - They re/present the 
kernel as if it were within the abject.

The visible has no aura.


Radio:

http://www.asondheim.org/radio1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/radio2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/radio3.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/radio4.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/radio5.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/radio6.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/radio7.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/radio8.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/radio8.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/radio10.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/radio11.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/radio12.jpg

Then there are two fossils of interest - these are belemites that seem to 
be mating. (These were found in the Denver Public Library marble!)

http://www.asondheim.org/fossil1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/fossil2.jpg



Aero Service: Blurred visual and diegetic codes


"No. T os t pla w ll. oul ar ly t ll you t wasn't or your vo ."

http://www.asondheim.org/code1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/code2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/code3.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/code4.jpg

"A sa lor's w , a sa l-or's star s oul
Star-r-r-r-r-r s oul
Star-r-r-r-r-r s oul "

"It w s som sort o r ittin ost t t l n m t t sl p w llop," r r , w o, s 
w know,w s r pr nsi ly iv n to sl n on ll o sions.

u by N wit s torc r a y or n- stant ar n n , t two a s b an to t r a t maz 
o corr ors an passa s. T a b o n t s or s v r a m nut s, an w r b nn n to 
t rath r b w r , w n N stopp su n y ust as t y nt r a ong corr or p rc w t 
oors, w t t sam monotonous r u ar ty as t ot rs. x n u s t n t w n o an y 
, an r w rc sw y nto mbrasur o a oorway as so.

(From "The Dreadnought Boys on Aero Service," Captain Wilbur Lawton, 
1912, transformed into code book by "Sam Rowe - 1942".)

Part of code cipher given after the last: 
A B C D+41 E+34 F+40 G+0 H+35 I+40 J+24 K+47 L+25 M N O P Q R S T U V W X 
Y Z




little story of rhetoric

http://www.asondheim.org/saucer1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/saucer2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/saucer3.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/saucer4.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/saucer5.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/saucer6.jpg

if you cannot believe these are true, you are naive
if you believe these are true, you truly see through things
things as they are are not things as they seem to be
to see through things is to understand true conspiracies
by definition all conspiracies are true
the transparency of these images implies their opacity
the world is encrypted
to believe otherwise is to live and die on the surface
the wise follow themselves no matter where they lead
leaders speak other languages
conspiracy implies the regularity of the surface
surfaces close ranks behind the naive
one sees only the tips of signs like icebergs
signs emerge at unexpected moments of everyday life
the rule of conspiracy: 
((( a -> b ) & ( c -> d )) -> (( e -> a ) & ( e -> c )))
the center is the peripheral
belief in conspiracy is not belief
there are those who do not want you to believe this
that there are those who do not want you to believe this makes you 
 important
i am important since i have discovered that there are those who do
 not want you to believe this
because i am important you are important
because i write this you are important
listen: sound, not sight, travels through walls
linear sight disrupts the signs revealed by scripture and inscription
conspiracy is aural
this is an absolute and absolute truth



crystal radio doldrums tending towards scribbles

silly little drawings as i try to get the 1912 +/- crystal radio 
to work:

http://www.asondheim.org/draw1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/draw2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/draw3.jpg

from a letter - so far I've been able to hear nothing except slight 
crackles when lightning's around. I'm not sure what the problem is. The 
earphones are the right age (1918) and impedence; they work. The crystal 
seems fine. There are problems with the taps on the inner coil, but I 
found work-arounds. I also tried to use just the outer coil. Nothing is 
audible at all, just silence, not even 60 hz hum. We're not in a radio 
dead-zone; I should at least be picking up static.

The diagram I'm working with is at http://www.sparkmuseum.com/COUPLERS.HTM 
- I'm not using capacitors, however (and they weren't employed much of the 
time at the period. I've also tried alternative ways of wiring, still 
nothing.

I can't imagine what's going on. I've been using proper grounding and a 
fifty foot antenna; this should be sufficient for testing. If you have any 
ideas, please let me know!


our song revisited


music and voice by azure carter
lyrics and video by alan sondheim

http://www.asondheim.org/aurora.mp4

special thanks to people using megaphones


"they run around everywhere, underfoot,
will play song, aire, 
becomes eye longer stimulation 
retina world declares odorless song and wind" 



an interesting insect* recording


http://www.asondheim.org/cricket1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/cricket2.mp3

*might be amphibian but very doubtful

unlike most crickets, cicadas, grasshoppers, these sound continuously, on- 
ly pausing with what seems like exhaustion. the sound is intensely direc- 
tional; turn 90 degrees and it disappears, even though we were within a 
few feet of the creature (which remained hidden in the bushes). now here 
we are with the semblance of a neuron; there are threshold firings that 
one might consider digital (sound on / sound off) but there's also a fine 
structure that i assume goes well into the ultrasonics, conveying coded 
information that's analogically based. this is similar to 'counting chirps 
to determine temperature'; in this case, there are no chirp bursts and 
whatever's going on is invisible - and perhaps invisible to the insect 
that hears and responds, the insect that autonomically decodes and acts 
accordingly.

again, any information you might have would be greatly appreciated. the 
sounds were recorded at ground level (dangling mono microphone) early 
night in aurora, colorado, early august.


Stairs and Us

I coupled an ancient homemade variometer or variocoupler with the loose 
coupler (in series with the antenna. I reset the slider bar and repaired 
the crack in the front coil support. I made a new slider contact out of a 
smooth alligator clip. I attached a very think wire to the cat's whisker 
tip to improve contact. I refiled the primary coil contacts. I repaired 
the 1918 509W 1100 Wester Electric headset leads and placed cloth over the 
rubberized ear pieces which seemed to be deteriorating. I reattached a 
loose while on the variocoupler. I rewired the connections I made with the 
alligator clips. I bypassed the internal secondary coil of the loose 
coupler. I glued shims under the outer rail support for the secondary 
coil. I set up a short 30 foot antenna in a garage. I attached a 15 foot 
ground to a door frame. In the day I pick up 1090 and nothing else, at 
night I pick up KOA and nothing else. They're on very different parts of 
the AM band. I pick up a faint buzz but this is with or without the 
crystal so I imagine it's nothing more than 60 hz inducing in the 
vicinity. I think the signals will be stronger in New York - greater 
humidity, more and closer stations, and a very long wire antenna and good 
ground. I think I'm running this on no energy. I think I'm stealing 
energy. I think it's there and free for you and me. I think I'm making a 
secret. - http://www.asondheim.org/vario.jpg - While I am doing this, I 
think again of the paradox - theoretically one can run upstairs faster 
than down since there's only gravity, no foothold, down, and upstairs one 
pushes off the stair surfaces for speed. Near a black hole I imagine the 
two speeds would be more or less equal. In zero gravity, going down the 
stairs would be at 0 kilometers / hour; there's nothing moving the body 
one way or another. On the other hand, moving upstairs would still be 
roughly at any speed; the obstacle, of course, the inertial mass of the 
body and the 'foot force' at hand. I think, why is this? Why is it easier 
to fall for someone downstairs, but there are limits based on the planet 
the two of you are on - while running upstairs, fleeing the raptor - why, 
there's no inherent limit except what the body imposes, against whatever 
gravity happens to be around. (I think, downstairs, it's the pulsing of 
the planet - upstairs, it's the pulsing of the speaking body, listening 
planet, or speaking planet, listening body, always this dialog as one 
approaches an indefinite absolute, the planet's masquerade.)



cosh

in celebration of some new found success i give myself the pleasure of 
manipulation for the sake of beauty, symmetry breakdown and reassemblage; 
this makes me, one, uneasy, all this masquerade of depth when there is 
none (as if there ever was), just the joy of one image after another as 
cosh tries to right itself, as i write it, so to speak or calculate, what 
beauty! reasonless! passion!

http://www.asondheim.org/cosh.mov


away, away, away from the sun

away, away, away from the sun
as if it were something of the light to shun
the light, as if the light were something
beyond what weather might cause it to bring
further darkness, emanating rays
disappearing against the length and breadth of days
it was old kant who said beware of such phenomena
that broil up against the space of noumena
or rather there might be that arc of aristotle
just before it decays into so much silly prattle
so what are these rays but longing for the dark
light fleeing light, the world turned stark
and raving, mad and luminous, at a loss for light
along the highways of the mind, the byways of delight

http://www.asondheim.org/lightfleeing.jpg





that's really interesting

it's always a wonder, what's really interesting, and whether interest, in- 
terest-in, is a reasonable category of philosophical discourse. philosoph- 
ical writing often appears scholastic, dry, abstract; it seems to contain 
the semblance of power, that is argument for production's sake, production 
for motive's sake, motives for lifeworld's sake. the latter is crucial - 
that one inhabits one's work, replies, missions, admissions - exists with- 
in the life of worlds, structures accordingly. but is that of interest 
elsewhere, and what constitutes interest - there are two ways to think of 
'having an interest in' - one, fascination with discourse on a particular 
subject - two, an interest in the sense of economic or other interest ab- 
stractly controlled by a steering mechanism, habitus of power, and so 
forth. i have a conversation recorded w/ david antin perhaps 30 years ago 
we were discussing astrology and about what was of interest and what was 
not and what sort of steering mechanisms or correlations there were and 
how they connected to the universe and i remember beyond or before the 
tape david saying that even if astrology were true it's not of much inter- 
est and i could only agree since personality and mute matter correlations 
mean relatively little and prove nothing in the long run, at first i was 
going to quote from the tape we made but then this particular section of 
interest was elsewhere, outside the thing itself so to speak. {} truth is 
never interesting; if truth were interesting then it would not be the flat 
greyness of existence. then it would be corrupted into landscape, furn- 
ished with ridges, serrated edges, graspable, something fallen into lang- 
uage - i have often said nothing could be farther from the truth. then and 
there interesting philosophy embraces evil, abjection, obscenity; it rides 
these, dis/comforts these, dis-inhabits the abstract, something's at stake 
- what remains elsewhere is physics, let's hear and see it for physics. 
"find the david antin text and what david antin says about things being 
interesting also try to talk about the notion of truth as being inherently 
neutral and not of interest because there's no error which allows distance 
and through that reflection and opening up possibilities connected with 
the lurid and abjection and perhaps one of the reasons systemic philosophy 
went out of favor in the twentieth century was because of the amazing 
amount of interesting information exploding everywhere and all of it veer- 
ing in interesting directions, not those of axiomatic conclusions, but 
those of interesting conversations always continuing. the more the world 
becomes (seems to become) more interesting, the more systems are retired, 
those systems which are steering mechanisms and not dialogs, even bell's 
theorem on the other hand is a dialog of sorts." crystal radios, constant 
chirping, western grebes, are interesting, tantra is very interesting and 
full of sights, sounds, tastes, touches, smells, extremely interesting and 
its truth is that of the back of the human being world-consorting, every 
thinking of the motive and intention of thinking. and curvature, curves, 
mathesis of every sort, is always of interest, the thinnest of beams 
enabling nothing, holding up even less. {} now crystal radio is interest- 
ing because it's driving high-impedance earphones and it makes me wonder 
of course why the same electromagnetic waves couldn't be harnessed to 
charge lithium batteries, run low-power computers, etc. i've often thought 
of living in pre-transmitter times, turning on a radio - of course there'd 
be static and atmospherics, but i think, am almost certain, there would be 
something else. i am the last person on earth to await the carboniferous. 
{} if philosophy could be presented in an interesting manner, what then? 
would philosophy then be of interest? i'm thinking of nietzsche, kierke- 
gaard, but also of witold gombrowicz, a guide to philosophy in six hours 
and fifteen minutes. now the text is fascinating but i wonder if terms 
such as consciousness, object, subject, being, existence, nothingness, 
reduction, etc. couldn't be considered placemarkers for other terms such 
as anhinga, tibet, arlington coupler, hohner victoria harmonica, vegan 
sushi, and so forth? in which case the discourse might well be more inter- 
esting - and what is the substrate of the original terminology, what holds 
it both to a more philosophical habitus and to a re/configuration of the 
world and what the world holds? texts are of course texts of substitution, 
deferral, differance, narration, holding language much as the phaistos 
disk holds language. and the phaistos disk is interesting perhaps because 
it remains mute, presenting us with a diacritique of language itself. {}



aliens from space

once the trick is discovered, it's discovered that the real is no trick.
that is all that can be said about the real; there is much to be said 
about display and tricks. consider this trick, whose illusion is entirely 
transparent: there is no trick. or perhaps the trick is that there is no 
trick, that what is there is here, present, presencing. and it is clear as 
well that this presencing is the result of digital deconstruction: of 
what? of the vagaries of the wind which are apparent by virtue of timed 
mappings. that is to say: paths are chosen, or the parameters are chosen, 
and the rest follows. i would go so far as to argue that reality is a 
trick or masquerade, hiding nothing, the scaffolding such as it is. the 
question about a trick is how is it done, but the trick of the real is 
that it is never done, never performed; one characterizes the real as that 
which is never performed. here by the real i include reality, and by 
reality i include the real; think of this as irrelevant epistemological 
slides. 

still there is the wonder of the thing or process. it is the wonder of it 
that keeps it interesting; it is the wonder that implies that we ourselves 
and the trick are on the same side of the real, which is the real.

http://www.asondheim.org/truesaucer.mp4


yes well jazz

more swirled tricks bringing the eclipse home
http://www.asondheim.org/trane.mp4
beauty interests me because it's a beautiful masquerade
every masquerade is beautiful
i'm unbearably exhausted and will continue this on the morrow
this is the morrow and i'm not sure about the piece
the initial impetus is gone and perhaps it was never there
nature appears to disappear in a similar fashion
but nature is always a site of contestation is it not
certainly the swirled tricks are unnatural are they not
or barely worth watching, the swirled tracks

you

they can see it in you.
most of them won't say anything, but they know.
they can tell what's happened.
there's something in you that seems different.
you can tell when you look at them.
they act differently to you.
they seem somehow different but you can't pin it down.

all of you know they're going to die. 
they don't have to say anything, it's taken for granted.
it's a smell you can't get rid of, everyone smells it.
you don't know where it comes from, but it's there.
it's from them, you're almost certain, you're sure they're
dead, or almost dead, you know it's not from you, there's 
something in their eyes.


>sondheim has joined.
>
>sondheim: testing, what one is leaving,
>
>a footstep across this space, why you can erase it, absolutely!
>you wouldn't ever know, it would disappear like any other noise

you can hear them behind you, but when you turn around, no one's
there and you think, no one's ever been.
you're following them down the street, there's something about
them, you think to yourself, they bear watching




crystal

http://www.asondheim.org/cradio1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/cradio1noiseplus.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/cradio1noiseminus.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/cradio4hissplus.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/cradio4hissminus.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/cradio2mov.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/cradio3hissminus.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/cradio3hissplus.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/cradiodirecthissminus.mp3

cradio1 = crystal radio reception normal; noise only; signal only
cradio2 = manipulated signal bringing out subtextuals
cradio3 = hiss only; signal only
cradio4 = signal only; hiss only
cradiodirect = signal only

recorded from 1912+ loose coupler in combination with parallel diodes and 
variocoupler (in series with ground): the loose coupler has connections 
only to the primary - the secondary is passive/tuning. the variocoupler 
(two spherical coils, one within another) tunes by revolving the inner 
coil. the antenna is a dipole, one length around 20', the other 100+' 
after passing through a coil. the variocoupler and long antenna are from 
1920+/1. the diodes are modern (the crystal is problematic). there are no 
capacitors/condensers or resistors. the output goes to a low impedance 
active speaker set with all but the cradiodirect; the recording is through 
the speakers using an olympus voice recorder (which easily covers the 
audio frequency of the radio). the direct connection results in hum for 
the most part. the usual connection for the radio is a pair of 1918 high 
impedance western electric earphone, but these proved inadequate for 
recording.

the signals were processed in Cool Edit Pro, using hiss and noise reduc-
tion as well as amplitude normalization and hard limiting. the recording 
was done around 12:30 a.m. here in brooklyn. i searched for station pile- 
ups as well as 'gaps' between signals which were then amplified. the radio 
had broad tuning - the five coils tuned broadly but surprisingly well. i'm 
now waiting for a very large coil to see if vlf or anomalous signals may 
be received; i'm also looking forward to recording lightning and other 
sounds during thunderstorms. in its current configuration the radio pulls 
in around 20 stations all over the a.m. band; there are hints of low 
frequency beacons, but nothing certain. 

tuning is done with a variety of methods in combination - the primary coil 
of the loose coupler has a single slider; the secondary coil move within 
the primary coil; the variocoupler rotor can be turned; and the vario- 
coupler, large antenna coil, and loose coupler can all be moved in rela- 
tion to each other. if the secondary coil is directly connected, it can be 
tapped at various points. only the slider changes stations 'drastically' 
the variocoupler and sliding secondary loosely isolate stations. unlike a 
modern radio with a single 'action,' this radio (and other sets) require a 
skein-like approach to tuning; everything modifies everything else, and 
everything is brought into resonance by sliding, stepping, rotating, and 
so forth. 

theoretically, i want to explore notions of 'tending' equipment, adjusting 
and re-adjusting, as well as thinking of this kind of technology as rela- 
ted in a different way to earth (not only to grounding, but to notions of 
soil, geology - there's something of heidegger in the background). they 
are raw agents of 'earth-fields,' free atmospheric energy, world-static. 
at one point, years ago, i wrote about the 'spectral mother' of short-wave 
listening; the idea applies here as well - one listens to universal chora.

the recordings are hopefully sufficiently different to be of interest. 
the subtextuals (for lack of a better word) are difficult to hear but 
fascinating; some are clearly from 60 hz power grid stuff, but there are 
others, which i hope to somehow amplify in the future, that seems unusual. 
and then there's tapping the energy, running leds, future-cars and rumors 
as lightning conductors...






weather of the sea

there's an audience in a large hall. they're listening to lightning. they 
have to listen through lots of radio they're not interested in. they're 
interested in lightning but lightning comes at a price. there were 
silences then and lightning dwelled in many mansions. think of the 
mansions and the forgetting of words and music. think of forgetting the 
sounds and cries for help and wars of mass destruction. think of wars of 
mass destruction and the silence of proper-name-one. think of the silence 
of the destruction of capitol-one. think of the noise of capitol-two, 
capitol-three, -four -five. lightning hisses, crackles, stutters, roars, 
shudders. there's an audience in a large hall. there's radio in the hall 
and outside, why outside it's storming. think of the weather of the sea. 

http://www.asondheim.org/lightninghall.mp3

(the radio, it's storming, weather in the sea.)



what remains


because of the faces and powers among our second lives
and third and others in-between the others; because of
swollen faces thinned back to pages bones and shadowed flesh
that nothing stays what was simple and illusion

and then poetics rounds and fills the world
among lost pages and inscriptions freed
from every symbol and symbols freed and world;
the less are said the farther truth transcends

because of truths and songs and lights and place
where bodies turn; because of bodies churned and stretched
among beams of those lights and those songs; those truths
nothing stays back nothing; valleys fill with jostled things

and things churn symbols; the world
fills silence; skies get dark kiss; welkin


http://www.asondheim.org/whatremains.mp4

song singer azure carter
words video alan sondheim



beacon, cb


the earlier crystal radio files have been taken off.

the first file below is from crystal radio with a cb radio transmitted
coupled to it (the transmitter antenna rod placed near at right-angles
to the loose coupling coils). the recording was (as with the other files) 
through a sony minidisk connected directly to the crystal radio output.
sounds are breathing through the cb, turning it on and off, etc.

the following two files are highly modified, direct from crystal through 
minidisk; if you listen carefully you can hear a low-frequency beacon at 
one point. 

with all three files, the variometer is used for fine tuning (in series 
with the loose coupler primary; the other end connects to ground).

why are these of interest? for me, it's the mystery and wonder of coil 
couplings against power grids and human transmissions. and then what 
happens!

http://www.asondheim.org/brea.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/beaconhissminus.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/beaconhisshalfminus.mp3



THIS TEXT WARNS YOU NOT TO READ BEYOND THIS WARNING


keeping-secret-highest-secret-tantra
KNOWLEDGE IS DANGEROUS
therapeutic knowledge: an adept NEEDS TIME
KNOWLEDGE MUST BE SWALLOWED THEN IT IS NOT KNOWLEDGE

i will teach you my secrets
I WILL TEACH YOU MY SECRETS

"I know nothing of the gamblings of the Bourse; I only speculate in the 
rise of the national honour!"

'To those who cried: Adjourn! Adjourn! -- "You naturally wish adjourn- 
ments, and not truths. The truths swamp you!"'

I COULD NOT SLEEP TWO NIGHTS AGO. MY HEAD WAS MEAT ON A STICK

MY HEAD WAS ON A STICK

"I DESIRE THAT MAY ASHES REPOSE ON THE BANKS OF THE SEINE, IN THE MIDST 
OF THAT PEOPLE WHOM I HAVE SO MUCH LOVED."

inform the people at most TEN SUMMERS REMAIN

you will find me DEAD with the slightest, smallest, email, almost a note 
in passing, 

because i will search for the light there will be no light
because this is all there is i will not, can one ever, read the slightest,
smallest email announcing one's own death

if of course that announcement is true and verifiable
if in fact the soul has already left the building
if there is in fact an empty building

"Come, come then! Up, gentlemen, up!"




skipping and ghost-traps


skipping as the third walk/run/skip gait -
where is OUR ethnography of skipping

BUT

radio waves - shortwaves, spherics, whistlers:
ionosopheric skipping

in the samples here, the GROUND of the crystal radio is
connected to the ANTENNA of a second crystal radio

the OUTPUT of the first (large loose coupler) c.r. connects
to the INPUT of a VLF (very low frequency) radio

the OUTPUT of the VLF radio connects to the INPUT of a
minidisk recorder

the two crystal radios operate with DIODES and COILS:
INDUCTORs

the COILS are ghost-traps absorbing everything within
their spectral range

nothing but wound wire self-inducting, mutually inducting,
everything around

they capture invisible spirits how close to the speed of
light

_mdos_ or 'thread-cross'

'In other cases the _mdos_ fulfills the same purpose as a
_gtor ma_; it provides a temporary abode for a deity.'

'The patches of wood which are often attached to the sticks
forming the _mdos_ are in this case supposed to represent the
clouds floating around the heavenly abode.'

(Oracles and Demons of Tibet, The Cult and Iconography of the
Tibetan Protective Deities, Rene deNebesky-Wojkowitz, Paljor,
1998)

the RANGE appears to cover the medium-wave (AM)
band as well as somewhat above and below it.

http://www.asondheim.org/cryr1.jpg and
http://www.asondheim.org/cryr2.jpg = images of the
circuitry

http://www.asondheim.org/dean0.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/dean1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/dean2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/dean3.jpg =

our happy home; we are on the third floor of what has
become (thanks to the RATNER PROJECT) an URBAN
WASTELAND. you can SEE OUR ROOF BUT YOU
CAN'T SEE OUR WIRES

the sound files:
http://www.asondheim.org/rrr1.wav
sample wa file with interesting content to be use

http://www.asondheim.org/rr3hiss.wav
this is a second output file with a hiss filter applied in
such a manner that everything but the hiss is filtered
out

the result is a radio background soundtrack with quite
interesting phases shifts and other phenomena

http://www.asondheim.org/rrr4.wav
a third file again with interesting content presented
'straight'

there is are some changes as a result of switching wires
but what's of great interest (that word again) is the
tremolo (using a galena crystal instead of a diode) as
well as a high-pitched signal and other background
materials

http://www.asondheim.org/rrr4hiss.wav
the same filel with hiss only remaining

http://www.asondheim.org/rrr4hissminus.wav
the same file with hiss removed

http://www.asondheim.org/maple.jpg
a closeup of our japanese maple which oversees
everything



Avatar Dress Codes (talk for Dresscode Avatar fest.)


Of course the dress-code is code and what protocol structures;
I have no idea what Linden knows;
If it's anything like MOO-Wizardry, Linden knows or has the potential
for knowing - everything. 
So there's that limit.

I think of build as masquerade, participating in dubious economy.
Dubious, because I can't afford it! And would want, as with any land-grab,
some sort of assurance of ownership beyond the corporation.

I've spent something like $2.40 on Second Life.

To the more serious issue - I identify with Gaz' work because of the dis/ 
comfort it causes; it's this dis/comfort and the attendant psychoanalytics 
that fascinates me, that I think is important in virtual space.

Because virtual space is cleansed, purified, and one can always sign out 
when things get too hot. But investigating, producing, corrupting, 
exalting, the abject body, that's something else, this body which is both 
prim and flesh, which doesn't quite let go when you hit delete or quit.

It's this body that reminds you of flesh in the midst of non-flesh, that 
speaks for that _matter_ of the number tattooed on a survivor's arm - and 
the relation of that number to the system of integers.

Every arm, leg, big rez, hot car, agro, hack, swollen outfitting, is sex, 
most often phallus, writ large. Every phallus is a masquerade, null point, 
whose transcendent meaning disappears in the vagaries of real and quite 
weak flesh.

Avalanches kill people, they're just snow.

I'm quite possibly in the wrong place, but I miss issues of governance in 
Second Life, issues implicit in the software, not riding the World Wide 
Web. We're allowed to talk endlessly.

Just a word here about MOOs - anyone could and can set one up, look at the 
code, thank you Pavil Curtis. Now the SL engine is far more complex; it's 
unary, there, as far as I know; we're in an obdurate space in a manner not 
unlike the earth itself.

On an email list, someone complained that there's no Guernica in Second 
Life. But there is; Gaz dressed/de/codings, my body, these are Guernicas. 
But response Guernicas, not masterpieces, which, with all their delicacy, 
are left behind.

Back to the dress-code. My avatar appears to bleed. My avatar is a woman, 
sourcing speech, behavior, chora, abjection, Timaeus, Kristeva. Her body 
distorts, her body always returns from distortions. She came out of my 
work with another avatar, Nikuko, who appeared in print and video for a 
number of years. Nikuko was a demiurge; this avatar is demiurgency.

It uses the name Alan and writes me within her. The very interactivity, 
dialectic, of Second Life, ensures she's only in partial control, just as 
one might wander, Situationist-like, through any city.

She's dressed nude or blood-covered or organ-covered; she's tantra-fierce, 
I'm her consort, not the other way around. Inhabiting her, I face myself 
in an _uncanny manner,_ it's not comfortable; when she leaves the space 
through extreme behavior, I can't find her or find myself any more than 
you can.

Her motions are behaviors or behavior collisions - combinations of 
behaviors that result in contradictions. The behaviors themselves are, for 
the most part, constructed from motion capture equipment using life human 
performers. But the motion capture sensors are re-arranged to create 
virtual bodies in real physical space, and it's these virtual bodies and 
their motions that are mapped onto the Second Life avatar.

There's relationship to dance as well. I work with Azure, Foofwa 
d'Imobilite, worked with Maud Liardon. A fair amount of this work is nude 
- not to create a pure body, but to give the cultured, acculturated, body, 
room to breathe. If you've seen our videos, you'll find real-world 
imitations of avatar imitations of real-world behaviors; the spaces 
shimmer and meld, both in virtual and live performance.

Sexuality is always in the eye of the beholder; it's not in the prims. I 
enter the sheaved interior of my avatar; there's no clothing, only triply 
articulated space: 1. Articulated by the exigencies of the avatar- 
construct itself; 2. Articulated by motion-capture; 3. Articulated by the 
Linden contextuality and all that's implied there.

The avatar behaves, one way or another, variously in various spaces. I 
want to work at the edge of the game-space, where physics is different, 
and where I'm mostly alone (or working with my colleague on-line, Sandy 
Baldwin). 

...but then I imagine furiously dancing across the landscape, inscape, 
outscape, roiling, creating havoc everywhere I go, just churning like a 
star half-way burnt to a cinder, burned-out, dead before 1914, 1939, 
2002...

thank you


This is my part of a talk (Sandy Baldwin is also speaking) for the DRESS- 
CODEAVATAR show/performance tomorrow at 2 p.m. NYC time - please attend 
if you're interested. You can find info online; it's in Second Life and 
real life for that matter. Thanks, Alan

I think if you go to 
http://xxxtenxion.blogspot.com/2007/08/lets-do-it-tun-wirs.html
and click on
3 weeks of fine art.xxXtenxion
- a bit confusing but there -


Avatar Dress Codes (talk for DRESSCODEAVATAR.)


Of course the dress-code is code and what protocol structures;
I have no idea what Linden knows;
If it's anything like MOO-Wizardry, Linden knows or has the potential
for knowing - everything. 
So there's that limit.

I think of build as masquerade, participating in dubious economy.
Dubious, because I can't afford it! And would want, as with any land-grab,
some sort of assurance of ownership beyond the corporation.

I've spent something like $2.40 on Second Life.

To the more serious issue - I identify with Gaz' work because of the dis/ 
comfort it causes; it's this dis/comfort and the attendant psychoanalytics 
that fascinates me, that I think is important in virtual space.

Because virtual space is cleansed, purified, and one can always sign out 
when things get too hot. But investigating, producing, corrupting, 
exalting, the abject body, that's something else, this body which is both 
prim and flesh, which doesn't quite let go when you hit delete or quit.

It's this body that reminds you of flesh in the midst of non-flesh, that 
speaks for that _matter_ of the number tattooed on a survivor's arm - and 
the relation of that number to the system of integers.

Every arm, leg, big rez, hot car, agro, hack, swollen outfitting, is sex, 
most often phallus, writ large. Every phallus is a masquerade, null point, 
whose transcendent meaning disappears in the vagaries of real and quite 
weak flesh.

Avalanches kill people, they're just snow.

I'm quite possibly in the wrong place, but I miss issues of governance in 
Second Life, issues implicit in the software, not riding the World Wide 
Web. We're allowed to talk endlessly.

Just a word here about MOOs - anyone could and can set one up, look at the 
code, thank you Pavil Curtis. Now the SL engine is far more complex; it's 
unary, there, as far as I know; we're in an obdurate space in a manner not 
unlike the earth itself.

On an email list, someone complained that there's no Guernica in Second 
Life. But there is; Gaz dressed/de/codings, my body, these are Guernicas. 
But response Guernicas, not masterpieces, which, with all their delicacy, 
are left behind.

Back to the dress-code. My avatar appears to bleed. My avatar is a woman, 
sourcing speech, behavior, chora, abjection, Timaeus, Kristeva. Her body 
distorts, her body always returns from distortions. She came out of my 
work with another avatar, Nikuko, who appeared in print and video for a 
number of years. Nikuko was a demiurge; this avatar is demiurgency.

It uses the name Alan and writes me within her. The very interactivity, 
dialectic, of Second Life, ensures she's only in partial control, just as 
one might wander, Situationist-like, through any city.

She's dressed nude or blood-covered or organ-covered; she's tantra-fierce, 
I'm her consort, not the other way around. Inhabiting her, I face myself 
in an _uncanny manner,_ it's not comfortable; when she leaves the space 
through extreme behavior, I can't find her or find myself any more than 
you can.

Her motions are behaviors or behavior collisions - combinations of 
behaviors that result in contradictions. The behaviors themselves are, for 
the most part, constructed from motion capture equipment using life human 
performers. But the motion capture sensors are re-arranged to create 
virtual bodies in real physical space, and it's these virtual bodies and 
their motions that are mapped onto the Second Life avatar.

There's relationship to dance as well. I work with Azure, Foofwa 
d'Imobilite, worked with Maud Liardon. A fair amount of this work is nude 
- not to create a pure body, but to give the cultured, acculturated, body, 
room to breathe. If you've seen our videos, you'll find real-world 
imitations of avatar imitations of real-world behaviors; the spaces 
shimmer and meld, both in virtual and live performance.

Sexuality is always in the eye of the beholder; it's not in the prims. I 
enter the sheaved interior of my avatar; there's no clothing, only triply 
articulated space: 1. Articulated by the exigencies of the avatar- 
construct itself; 2. Articulated by motion-capture; 3. Articulated by the 
Linden contextuality and all that's implied there.

The avatar behaves, one way or another, variously in various spaces. I 
want to work at the edge of the game-space, where physics is different, 
and where I'm mostly alone (or working with my colleague on-line, Sandy 
Baldwin). 

...but then I imagine furiously dancing across the landscape, inscape, 
outscape, roiling, creating havoc everywhere I go, just churning like a 
star half-way burnt to a cinder, burned-out, dead before 1914, 1939, 
2002...

thank you
