

spasm


http://www.alansondheim.org/redlines.mp4

http://www.alansondheim.org/_private/swing2.mp4 
(up for short time only)

convulse: i send you my signal. my signal is sad. my signal falls apart.
you do you receive my signal. my signal goes to you. 
what of it, this signal?
tremor, seizure, fit: it is the sensor in them that dreams.

"The debate does not exist, because of the non-existence of both the name 
and that which is named." (Nagarjuna, Vaidalyaprakarana, trans. Tola & 
Dragonetti)

Rolandic wound, epilepsy, epilepsy, access, epilepsy, epilepsy, acquired 
epilepsy, ache, epilepsy, access, acute acute acquired epilepsy, acute 
acute akinetic ado, agitation, anemia, epilepsy, ankylosis, ankylosis, 
akinetic arrest, anoxia, ankylosis, ataxia, apnea, asphyxiation, autonomic 
arrest, autonomic epilepsy, ataxia, bleeding, backache, epilepsy, blood- 
less bite, blennorhea, boring bleeding, boring pain, bloodless breakdown, 
bother, pain, burst, botheration, breakup, cachexy, breakdown, cachexy, 
cardiac burst, charley epilepsy, cardiac chills, cataclysm, horse, slate, 
charley slate, clean chills, spasm, sweep, clean shivers, climax, clonus, 
computer spasm, computer revolution, shivers, epilepsy, constipation, rev- 
olution, cramp, convulsion, coughing, cursive epilepsy, cursive epilepsy, 
cramp, darting cut, epilepsy, diarrhea, cyanosis, pain, distress, darting 
distress, diurnal diarrhea, dropsy, epilepsy, diurnal dyspnea, dizziness, 
dysentery, emaciation, dropsy, emaciation, epilepsia, dyspnea, major, 
epilepsia epilepsia, epilepsia gravior, epilepsia nutans, major, nutans, 
epilepsia epilepsia eruption, tarda, epilepsia falling epilepsy, explo- 
sion, feery-fary, eruption, feery-fary, ferment, falling fit, fever, 
ferment, starts, fibrillation, fits flurry, fit, flurry, fluster, starts, 
focal flutter, fluster, fulgurant flutteriness, epilepsy, fury, focal 
fury, fussiness, fulgurant pain, fussiness, fuss, mal, gale, pain, grip- 
ing, pain, griping, gust, mal, hemorrhage, gust, griping, pressure, haute 
hemorrhage, hullabaloo, hemorrhage, hullabaloo, hurt, pressure, hypoten- 
sion, hydrops, hullabaloo, icterus, hydrops, hypotension, inflammation, 
hypotension, inflammation, insomnia, icterus, itching, irruption, 
inflammation, jerkiness, irruption, jactation, pain, jactation, jumping 
labored jerkiness, lancinating breathing, pain, laryngeal lancinating 
pain, latent pain, laryngospasm, lesion, laryngeal low lockjaw, latent 
maelstrom, low blood epilepsy, blood matutinal epilepsy, maelstrom, 
insanity, murderous epilepsy, epilepsy, insanity, musicogenic nasty 
musicogenic discharge, nausea, epilepsy, nip, necrosis, nasty orgasm, nip, 
nocturnal overthrow, nocturnal outburst, pain, orgasm, revolution, palace 
overthrow, paroxysm, revolution, palsy, mal, palsy, petit epilepsy, 
paroxysm, pother, pinch, mal, epilepsy, pother, prick, epilepsy, prick, 
psychomotor quaking, epilepsy, quivering, quavering, epilepsy, rash, 
quivering, radical restlessness, radical epilepsy, revolution, rash, war, 
revolutionary restlessness, sclerosis, war, revulsion, sensory revulsion, 
seizure, serial sclerosis, sexual epilepsy, sensory sharp sexual climax, 
shivers, climax, shivering, shoot, sharp shooting shooting, shivers, 
eruption, shooting pain, sore pain, sore, spasms, eruption, spurt, spell, 
sore stew, spurt, stab, stoppage, stab, stitch, stress, stew, of stress 
stoppage, stroke, of of suffering, life, succussion, sweeping stroke, 
swirl, swirl, suffering, tachycardia, swirl, swirl, technological tabes, 
epilepsy, temblor, tachycardia, tender tender technological thrill, tender 
tender thromboembolism, spot, throe, wave, thrill, to-do, to-do, thrombo- 
embolism, spasm, to-do, to-do, torsion epilepsy, tormen, change, spasm, 
transilience, transilience, torsion tremulousness, transilience, transil- 
ience, tumor, epilepsy, trismus, twinge, tremulousness, twitch, twitch, 
tumor, upheaval, ucinate twitch, stomach, epilepsy, upset, violent upheav- 
al, violent change, stomach, wasting, visitation, change, wound, vomiting, 
whirl, wasting, wound,


Shriek-jump


Foofwa d'Imobilite, Kira Sedlock, Azure Carter
marionquette string-pulling jump down turn around

http://www.alansondheim.org/marionquette.mp4

It has already been stated that witches can afflict men with every kind of 
physical infirmity; therefore it can be taken as a general rule that the 
various verbal or practical remedies which can be applied in the case of 
these infirmities which we have just been discussing are equally applic- 
able to all other infirmities, such as epilepsy or leprosy, for example.
(Kramer and Sprenger, Malleus Maleficarum, 1484)

Are witches nothing but sped-up humans? Last night I had a dream; E. and I 
were writing a tragedy when suddenly I appeared as a stand-up comic before 
an audience. I said, "I'm glad to see you all have your foreheads!" - At 
which point I woke up, laughing and laughing.

Humans are slowed-down witches. When a human laughs, whole years pass. It 
is a known fact in the animal kingdom: Only humans have foreheads. 

"The furnace of his skin exhibited a leprous appearance, and his eyes, 
wild glowing and deep sunk in his head, glaring dismally all around, 'Let 
me measure the moon,' said he, ''tis full of marrow, faugh! but O this 
torrent of lobsters--stop them, they curl the Heavens. Bottle up the war 
in a cornfield, and put my vote in hell. Hold me--the room is in flames 
and the castle totters, what a serpent is the minister, he has stung 
mankind--I am a crocodile.' He now caught hold of the bed cloathes and 
giving a dreadful shriek, EXPIRED."
(William Beckford, The Elegant Enthusiast, or, Modern Novel Writing, 1796, 
quoted in Archibald Bolling Shepperson, The Novel in Motley, A History of 
the Burlesque Novel in English, 1936)



L         I T 1994-


://../.

			'     
 . 
///_ % 
I           , , 
  , ,     , - 
I I     SLIP     , I
      EXEC  .
<>
<>
 =' - *'
, ,    . Y   -    

% 
% 
._ ._ . . . . .. .
         5  
         5  
         5  
      !   
[12:06]  Y: -    -        
 '    
 -     LOGOUT  
,    LOGOUT,  I    , 
CADRE-L.ZIP COMPRESSION COMPLETED 1332 BPS. EOF. LOGOUT CLARA-GEORGE.

"L "
A: A S  . L  , ,
, , , , .

L     __ (J M'    - 
         );    - 
-   / ( , , , ,  
, ): LOGOUT IS EQUIVALENT TO DEATH UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE.

I'M NOT HERE. I NEVER HAVE BEEN HERE.

L  ,  . A     - 
: A|B, '  S  NOT BOTH A AND B -  '  
   '   C   A  C      
 . Y'    ,    :

O         ,   ? A 
'  ,  , ,  '  ,   
 .

D  ; '    ,  '  
  , '    ,  '  
,  ,  ...

O , '   ,  '  , '  
 ,    , 
:*:4564:99:A S:///6//:////
  ,      , , '   
. M I   S L   MOO  '      
,  I'  ,  I'       .

I'   , WHERE ARE YOU  F, MS? I YOU 
  ,   ;   , ,  
     .

D: Y ' ,  : C     MOO 
      ' . C  
 ; THE DEBRIS IS YOU     O. 

C         ,      
   .

THE MACHINE IS ALWAYS ON




Access Grid, West Virginia University, 2 a.m. Sunday morning

The Access Grid running in room 109 in the middle of the night, no one 
around, but broadcasting the empty classroom and its resonance of memory 
held just for a moment, just at the hinge of forgetfulness, the room shall 
sail like a great ship of state into uncharted waters of futures darkened 
with war, food and fuel crises, extinctions, think for a moment of this 
small place signaling everywhere and nowhere in particular, signaling 
steady-state, updating on version 3.1 perhaps twenty times a second, 
saying nothing, silence, nothing and more silence -

http://www.alansondheim.org/nighttimewvu.jpg




Logout / Fallout


(I'm speaking about 'logout' much as 'fallout' at the ELO conference this 
week; below is the text that inspired the videos, which will 'represent' 
me (as well as either Skype or SL) there, since I don't have enough funds 
to travel. Logout as fallout - the metaphor isn't mentioned below, but 
in/forms like all radiations. In modernity, premodernity, whatever, on/off 
was well-defined, even with the corrosion of axiomatic mathesis i.e. 
Tarski, Godel, Skolem, Church, etc.; a light-switch turned something on, 
then off - a light-switch in other words is a simple memory on the 
occasion of a single bit. Today, computers are left running, identities 
are stolen, one might jackin, jackoff, one machine or body, then another; 
micro-controllers run continuously just like computer locks or whatever 
holds volatile memory in check; one might login with several identities, 
etc. On a MOO, when one left, the avatar body went to a body bag; on SL, 
unless otherwise accounted for, the body disappears. Now, the virtual body 
or emanent is also the real physical body in the true world; login/logout 
are blips or momentary interruptions in redirected consciousnesses. This 
radiation treatment holds for the post-industrialized world at best; let's 
not make too much of this momentary ontology/epistemology. We're jackedin 
jackedout - we flicker, we're flicker-consumers in fact and fancy and the 
imaginary as bandwidths appear to increase and we can't get enough of 
either each other, our movies, our games, our entertainments. Earthquakes 
and monsoons crash-land the true world in the true world, crash-land 
bodies and emanents equally, however you divide your categories.)


Logout notices in the decades of megabytes of the Internet Text 1994-


http://www.alansondheim.org/stereoag.jpg

			there's no uptime downtime logins logouts
without logout. 
/home/spoons/public_html % logout
I am writing you in the midst of the onslaught of logouts, cancellations, 
onslaught of logouts, cancellations, the debris of the symbolic, every- 
If I logout locally with the SLIP processing running in the background, I
   to return to EXEC on logout.
<logout>
<logout>
alias logout='rm -r *'
exit, logout, all to no avail. You may find your- self at themercy of
logout
solix% logout
solix% logout
.bash_logout .bash_profile .bashrc .bcast .cpan .cshrc .emacs.d .filmgimp
logger login logname logout lu luattr lumod makedevu mc md5uum meug 
logger login logname logout lu luattr lumod makedevu mc md5uum meug 
logger login logname logout lu luattr lumod makedevu mc md5uum meug 
bigroom bigmouth pegasus logout bigtoe bigbucks figleaf! tolkein number 
[12:06]  You: - she applies surgery - but then when you logout log back 
messagesnotificationscompose homeaccountprivacylogoutalan's hide your old 
inscription - without the withdrawal of LOGOUT without the
screen, a refusal of LOGOUT, and I continue to part forever, the
CADRE-L.ZIP COMPRESSION COMPLETED 1332 BPS. EOF. LOGOUT CLARA-GEORGE.

"Logging out"
Abstract: Alan Sondheim will demo. Leaving site behind, physically,
electronically, psychoanalytically, electrically, socially, exhaustively.

Logout is the collapse of _ascence_ (Jon Marshall's term for the problem- 
atic of neither present nor absent on an email list); it signals a change- 
of-state of the ab/user (carpal tunnel, exhaustion, boredom, orgasm, task 
completion, defuge): LOGOUT IS EQUIVALENT TO DEATH UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE.

I'M NOT HERE. I NEVER HAVE BEEN HERE.

Logout is cutoff, absolute split. A logout inscribes an absolute inscrip- 
tion: A|B, let's say Sheffer stroke NOT BOTH A AND B - which doesn't mean 
for example that there's not a C such that A and C in a rather abject or 
messy fashion. You're either online or offline, one way or another:

On the other hand you might keep the machine running, what of that? And 
you're logged in, jacked in, permanently, but you're not there, not there 
at all.

Defuge sets in; you're exhausted with the possibilities, they don't mean 
anything to you, you're taking a trip somewhere, the machine's left 
behind, still on, humming away...

Or bravo, someone's stolen your identity, now you're logged in, there's an 
id number, maybe parent and root, 
sondheim:*:4564:99:Alan Sondheim:/net/u/6/s/sondheim:/usr/local/bin/ksh
maybe something else, who or what is that thing, bot, that's running the 
thing. Maybe I sign off Second Life or a MOO and you'll find me in a body 
bag, maybe I'm still there, maybe I'm still around not logged out at all.

It's all a mess, WHERE ARE YOU in Facebook, MySpace? Increasingly YOU 
remain logged in, beyond the machine; you remain there, transfixed, your 
passwords and names in login memory.

Debris: You don't logout, you wither: Consider all those remnants of MOO 
objects that remained years after the user's disappeared. Cyberspace fills 
with debris; THE DEBRIS IS YOU and each and every Other. 

Culture is never as clean as it seems to be, and this unseemliness is the 
fundamental character of culture.

THE MACHINE IS ALWAYS ON

ii.

Think of on/off as intrinsic to inscription, fundamental to dyadic phenom- 
enology to the extent that one can consider dyads as _processes,_ the 
production of x|~x for example. This inscription is characteristic of org- 
anisms in general (see Heinz von Foerster); one might locate the ego at 
the hinge or juncture. The juncture configures, emits, spews meaning; 
inscriptions must be maintained. Thus an on-switch, logon, requires power 
for its continuance (yes, this is elemenatary); logoff, beyond the immin- 
ent action, construes annihilation. There is no guarantee that one who has 
logged off will log on again. And as we have seen, logon figures presence, 
which is demarcated; logoff figures nothing; this parallels the idea of 
'the fragility of good things' in catastrophe theory - there are many more 
ways for things to fail, than to succeed. 

I want to point out here the debt to Hermann Weyl, who located the last 
remnants of the ego at the juncture of coordinate axes in physics - i.e. 
the placement of an origin or null point, which is arbitrary and conven- 
tional and points to nothing more than a (theoretical) placement by a 
sentient being - "I say, things begin here," so to speak, whether zero or 
Jerusalem.

It's the ego, sentience, that holds inscription, on-off, together. But 
everything corrodes, decays, dis/eases, dis/appears. I'd argue that such, 
this regime of abjection, is fundamental to the world, ("Get lost and 
die.") at least the world as we know it. Log in to the digital, out to the 
analog; in to neural networking, out to the plain. 

The ego gets lost in _the process._




eyes and ears of no worlds in particular

http://www.alansondheim.org/lookhere.mov
prim substitutions for body parts with enlarged eyeballs and camera set at 
13mm and placed within avatar body against a backdrop of Kira Sedlock on 
Dorsey's Knob in choreography by Alan Sondheim and Foofwa d'Imobilite

http://www.alansondheim.org/agclassical.mp3
reversed and hard-limited classical music played against two public Access 
Grid microphones bounced directly and through Argonne National Laboratory 
node in conjunction with laptop microphone sent into local Grid node with 
RAT set to send and receive at low volume recorded by Cool Edit with full 
reverberation and minor editing



(Electronic Literature Organization panel, Portland)


LOGOUT: PLEASE HERE ME


copies IK IK care IK see bye see you, see but can see can't see can but 
see you, can't you, you, no talk but no working you, working on but 
working it, can't working but working built on in on the mic on stay just 
it, stay machine. mic machine. working on machine. it, the on, just 
machine. on, mic ok?\ working on built working on, stay it, on, on, built 
the machine. mic the how on ok?\ know the ok?\ I ok; machine. don't 
problem. machine. s what' how s s problem. know how I know i'll don't 
going what' know going no on how problem. - on going s i'll going going - 
I know no I you problem. - can I - hear know know me, you If please me, 
you please please you please let hear please me me, let i please let you 
let let onthis know me it's fine. me end. it's know end. hold you audio - 
onthis audio i end. audio hold hold hold ok end. onthis setup. can - 
setup. end. hold they which ok they is they of media any play on of which 
files on any files (i.e. of setup. media setup. files setup. play (i.e. 
(i.e. any can they which play of which can of is play is media any is for 
of the your the the clearest, i.e. better? your media the i.e. the best; 
your best; compressed clearest, best; probably the be be be be too might 
be compressed large might large is be is stutter, the is although large 
and the and and be best; the the stutter, and best; and would the would 
the clearest, would i'll and stutter, we stutter, stutter, work if 
compressed questioins we the out questioins if and and we and here, text 
and text out thing can't thing thing out here, ok? speak, can't here, 
thing speak, if ok? ok? can't ok? oh oh one two three. questioins ok? 
last? speak, here, yes, here, here, so oh oh one two three. this - yes, oh 
oh one two three. perhaps - I'm cancelled cancelled yes, cancelled waiting 
me hangout. crazy. - hangout. as hangout. hangout. well. waiting etc., so 
as waiting lots so so perhaps perhaps as perhaps hangout. yes, chaos 
flights, so chaos well. chaos chaos lots cancelled hangout. pretty well. 
cancelled chaos lots as crazy. crazy. well. crazy. ok, etc., for hoping 
pretty for questions. for ok, see. ok. ok, headset questions. ok. ok. see. 
would w/ w/ questions. w/ able a headset headset speak able questions. a 
able mic speak a we'll questions. to and and speak and i w/ see. other mic 
see. that's see. i probably that i also that's that too probably other 
good good that's good could it that other also that talks, that could 
that's good; could if talks, good; asking that's other could could talks, 
much the be much a if much what could the I checking the what what 
checking do. I a do. do. what for keeping I'll for open what for do do. 
keeping want connection keeping for or connection sing want open minute? 
minute? do or waiting make or for for or minute? minute? waiting sure make 
waiting on! music. make (happy) sure for very very minute? gud quiet want 
gud everyone on! quiet my very quiet image pleez quiet should there pleez 
visible image everyone I I my should the or should also should the my I 
the back cut cut ok video? cut back back also we're back my running 
running right running video ok running now we're running logging your your 
off now your ok logging video ok off now clap will - clap will off will 
and ok will then speek speek assume then speek I then will I still and 
connected... assume questions.... connected... we're assume assume in I 
assume thank assume question thanks mode question might thank we're might 
her in idea want its want in thanks want regular might want behavior... 
want elit are makes elit distanced behavior... in distanced idea regular 
is from "feelable" from ourselves are from by distanced from technology. 
from that how elit that we makes ourselves like She by like are makes are 
ourselves how are the we are like are plus Both manipulation ourselves 
have video. ourselves text your the text supreme video. supreme disregard 
Both supreme we/humans have supreme regular supreme plus of the disregard 
what the disregard comments? behavior... we/humans comments? we/humans the 
we/humans for of we/humans that what without I we/humans without oddly 
sound for disengaged; feel for know don't that know know feel really talks 
oddly really tenor, disengaged; tenors matter really tenors know feel 
talks tenor, I talks talk.. tenors tenor, talk.. talk.. I don;t she know 
don;t disagrees tenor, think comment don;t think coming i she -->>> don;t 
i from comment disagrees from from don;t not cann coming not because -->>> 
:) of not :) up cann cann add comes chance - the because one - comes one 
hand up one 'represents' add might purity one might that hand hand out for 
add absence, absolute 'represents' on absence, for on of that conjures 
absolute out conjures other on conjures has of of died person abjection 
conjures it absolute example conjures person example (which has - happened 
died - with example - person (which (which has the what meantime, person 
happened example meantime, the example the person listening meantime, has 
listening is example listening been the the at hasn't in/on, in/on, been 
meantime, all in/on, hasn't all what been what intrinsically at what messy 
all logout been logout logout all hasn't the seem been intrinsically - 
seem hasn't - way been way doesn't all way seem - messy because messy 
messy speechless surface digital i'm because doesn't hearless i'm surface 
hearless audiolossology... because audiolossology... get be 
audiolossology... Hi hearless auralabsentia... (nod) auralabsentia... 
auralabsentia... was hello say aurible! (nod) get over aurible! hello over 
presentations (nod) presentations three hope presentations presentations 
over question: critical question: question: of and talking immersed 
critical three technology. immersed and critical critical critical 
critical three talking critical when technology. over answer over over 
when three <more> let answer three stake let it... in in answer in than of 
in turf let more way more more techn. than world arguments way than 
emphasizes arguments and nature nature way nature more war/regional at 
turf arguments at world at at techn. more world/loss of world more 
emphasizes of identity world/loss world/loss world world/loss 
computers/telepresense arguments w/out <wait> of w/out w/out w/out w/out 
head unimaginalbe computers/telepresense time! w/out unimaginalbe clapping 
head world "utter" "utter" w/out "utter" revolution nodding revolution 
mean time! revolution mean revolution revolution cows, I revolution 
"udder" mean I "udder" cows, didn't revolution... revolution... mean 
revolution... by cows, revolution... well... "udder" revolution... end 
revolution... by thanks! end by later end end signing thanks! at - - end - 
cellphone hi off. will later off. ok. off. cellphone call. later cellphone 
talk ok. later copies call. will form form ok. form can problem form 
copies talk form care form can another... can care another...  copies care 
bye




Emanent


'The skull-holder was not really so, but was a nirmana form of 
Heruka, who said, "In this life you must write the six main 
texts and in the _bar-do_ period you will attain the very highest 
siddhi." The acarya replied,

 "When pressed beneath your feet, even my lower 
 winds vanish.
 By your kind mercy, please withdraw your left 
 leg!
 If your nine-fold crest ornaments are kept
 straight, even the Brahma-realm vanishes.
 Please remain with your head moving but a little!
 If your hands are kept straight, the guardians of
 the four quarters become terrified.
 By your kind mercy please withdraw your hands
 a little!
 O noble one, as your body is in a dancing pose
 and is purposefully maintained,
 I bow down before you with faith and an excess
 of reverence!"'

(from Taranatha's Life of Krsnacarya/Kanha, trans. David Templemann)

performing (1/y(sin(x)) <-- y(tan(x)))



Fasten Show


http://www.alansondheim.org/placement.jpg (Oscar Shlemer)
http://www.alansondheim.org/fashionshow.mp4 (Askher Slimmer)

Here very splay of the real? In such a fashion incisions, fashion, ges- 
ture, languagings, and what continually emerges is the good-old-fashioned- 
real, Beau-Brummel-Roseland messy messy fashion. You're either online or 
offline, one way or another: dresses for infinity are bypassed in this 
fashion; the systems are both functional and must be created anew - each 
time one moves string and creates the appearance of arousal, nothing more, 
such wonderful kostumes.

Here's the old culture of the unconscious.  

Indeed it has been abstracted from all concretion in such thoroughgoing 
fashion that one understands the endless worry about embodiment of ideas.  
The body does not embody ideas; it more accurately is ideas, matter, and 
energy that may pursue the same erotic, fantastic fashioning of the social 
system, unbelievably uncontrollable, the very splay of the real. Nikuko's 
writing begins with Askher's writhing on hir bohdi.

He signs hir, she signs hirself. Writing doesn't begin, it dozes, a high- 
wire act of haute couture. The energy skimming surfaces, burrowing into 
them. Jennifer runs off at the mouth, going on about fashion, Askhir's 
doing what he always doze and philosophy Okkurs.

Jennifer's mouth runs, Jennifer runs on Askhir, Nikuko says "wayward", 
"nice", "feminine", "lovely", "used", "fashionable", "small", "inci- 
sions, gestures, cuts, surgeries, sutures, surges."

Nikuko fashions hir texts and where's hem, pornography with absinthe 
organs, Schlemmer wrytes about the photoplay. Nikuko's back (is) in the 
imaginary, it's all the splay of the reel - trainers, gym memberships, 
fashionable clothing, pebbles...



she can MOVE FRUIT FROM ONE KIND OF TREE TO ANOTHER
she can MAKE OTHERS FALL ASLEEP OR WAKE AT WILL
she can MAKE FIRE BLAZE FROM WEAPONS
she can FLY THROUGH AIR
she can SEE THROUGH WALLS
she can TRANSFORM A CAVE INTO A PALACE AND SEAL THE EXITS
she can REMOVE THE TUSKS AND TRUNK FROM AN ELEPHANT AND RESTORE THEM
she can MAKE A KING SPEECHLESS AND RESTORE HIS SPEECH
she can GENERATE DEMONS AND COMPLETE DEMONS
she can END DROUGHT AND HEAL ILLNESS
she can SUBDUE LIONS AND TIGERS AND BRING THEM TO FAITH
she can REMOVE ARMS AND LEGS FROM SOLDIERS AND RESTORE THEM
she knows ALL LANGUAGES AND ALL DOCTRINES
she can EAT ENDLESSLY AND DRY UP WELL SPRINGS AND RESTORE THEM
she can CUT OFF HER HEAD AND FLY THROUGH THE AIR AND RESTORE IT
she can MOVE A BUFFALO AND HER CALF BACK TO THEIR HOME
she is SAFE FROM ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND BLOWS WITH CUDGEL AND ARROW
she can TURN AROUND ARROWS IN FULL FLIGHT
she can TURN INTO AN OLD WOMAN AND BACK AGAIN
she can SEE THINGS ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD
she knows ALL FUTURE AND ALL PAST EVENTS
she meditates FOR DAYS ON END WITHOUT SLEEP OR DRINK OR FOOD
she can HOLD SEVEN HUNDRED UMBRELLAS ABOVE HER WITHOUT TOUCHING THEM
she can RAISE THE DEAD AND RESTORE THEM TO DEATH
she can BE IN SEVERAL PLACES AT ONCE
she can TRAVEL INSTANTANEOUSLY FROM ONE PLACE TO ANOTHER
she can MAKE SMALL THINGS ENORMOUS AND ENORMOUS THINGS SMALL
she can MAKE DEVOTIONAL IMAGES CRUMBLE AND RESTORE THEM
she can CARRY A TEMPLE ON HER BACK
she can CLIMB ENDLESS STAIRS AND OTHERS CANNOT FOLLOW HER
she fits THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE INTO A TINY CORNER OF A CAVE OR HOUSE
she disappears AND APPEARS AT WILL
she conquers DEATH
she eats CORPSES URINE EXCREMENT SEMEN MENSTRUAL BLOOD
her slightest MOVEMENT TRANSFORMS WORLDS
her dance CREATES AND ANNIHILATES WORLD
she loosens BOUND ANIMALS AND RELEASES THEM
she can WALK ON WATER AND WALK THROUGH FLAMES
she can CAUSE THE EARTH TO QUAKE AND FLOWERS TO FALL LIKE RAIN
she can DISCOVER HIDDEN TREASURES
she can WALK THROUGH WALLS AND CLIFFS
she can SEAL CAVES AND CREATE GREAT HALLS WITHIN THEM
she can MAKE HERSELF INVISIBLE AND MAKE HERSELF VISIBLE AGAIN
she can CREATE OVERWHELMING TEMPESTS
she can SUBDUE SNAKES AND OTHER WILD ANIMALS
she can SING PERFECT SONGS OF HER OWN DEVISING
she can ALLEVIATE THE SUFFERINGS OF THE ELDERLY
she can ALLEVIATE THE SUFFERINGS OF THE POOR
she can SCORCH CLOTHES AND RESTORE THEM
she can READ MINDS CLOSE BY AND AT A DISTANCE
she can EAT ANY SORT OF IMPURITIES
she can LAUGH AN EIGHT FOLD LAUGHTER
she can DRAW STELES AND JEWELS FROM THE GROUND
she can ERECT VAST PALACES AT AN INSTANT
she extracts POISON FROM WATER AND WALKS THROUGH BLAZING FLAMES
she can CHOOSE THE DATE AND TIME OF HER DEATH
she can MAKE DRUMS AND MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS TO SOUND BY THEMSELVES
her steps MEASURE GREAT OR TINY DISTANCES AT HER WILL
her gaze CAN SHATTER AND RESTORE ANYTHING
she can TRANSFORM HERSELF INTO A SKELETON AND A RAINBOW BODY
her gaze CAN OPEN CAVES IN SOLID ROCK AND SEAL THEM AGAIN
she remembers HER PAST AND FUTURE BIRTHS
she can TARRY WITH CONSORTS WITH OR WITHOUT ELABORATION
she can SELF ILLUMINATE
she can WALK AIMLESSLY DAY AND NIGHT
she can SPREAD THE SCENT OF PERFUMES IN EVERY DIRECTION
she can SIT LIE OR WALK IN MID AIR
she can WEAR APRONS OF BONES
she is FLEET FOOTED
she changes THE COLOR OF HER BODY AT WILL



siddhi pose-performance by Nikuko 


This is preparation for object attachment. Fashion: Silhouette for posing 
in combination with minimal blue pattern for orientation.

Object attachment buries avatar bodies. Spatially, the body is lossy; 
dynamically, behavior remains to conjure the semblance of purposeful 
action. Here, Nikuko orients herself, poses periodically.

The pose is drawn out of the dynamics; the spectator, in the pose, pro- 
ceeds as if the narrative moment continued literally for all intents and 
purposes. The pose is the ridge or hinge of movement, the pause designat- 
ing the other, the viewer, designated by the viewer - part of a system of 
distribution. The pause ensures the viewer that the body is not the locus 
or victim of seizure. Every pause is a pose, every pose a pause, both 
intertwined with intentionality.

The pose is given as a gift, is for the other, is oriented; the orienta- 
tion of the pose defines the stance of the other in inverse relationship 
to occidental landscape perspective in which the vanishing-point might be 
considered the locus of the viewer as well. But the pose draws in, puck- 
ers, the vanishing-point, which becomes a plane and punctum of intimacy.

Nikuko poses, there is no one in sight, but there is the camera, here 
literally one of obscura, that obscure little object A of desire for and 
by Nikuko, above all for Nikuko. 

One of us moved the other, one of us aroused the other to action, to the 
recording-booth, to the wide-screen, to the embrace of the other who is 
identical, not equivalent, to the self-selving occurring, not to mention 
the dynamics of the same. 

Ah, I reply, I can finally see her face.

http://www.alansondheim.org/pose.mov




Access Grid resonance and selenite filtering


For us at AG, an exciting group of videos/images!

This has been a dream: to bounce a video signal repeatedly around the 
world, creating video feedback as the signal resonates with itself. On a 
laptop, my video camera received an image from the West Virginia 
University Access Grid that bounced from the Asia Pacific Access Grid 
Lobby in Queensland. My camera sent the image back to the APAG Lobby where 
it was transmitted and picked up by a camera on the WVU Access Grid. The 
camera transmitted the image to the Asia Pacific Access Grid node, 
whereupon it bounced back to my laptop, where it was received ...

A similar looping was created using the Argonne National Laboratory Access 
Grid Lobby in Chicago. Another looping used two cameras and transmissions 
from the WVU Access Grid across to Argonne and / or the APAG; the looping 
was picked up by the laptop which sent the image back through the Lobby to 
WVU where it was inserted (medium against large) into one of the WVU 
images ....

I wanted a sense of the distances covered. We did ping and traceroute and 
found that while Argonne came back around 38 ms and Queensland hit some- 
where around 152 ms, the looping through the latter seemed considerably 
faster. 

The first of the files below is a series of stills from the whole process.

The second is video feedback with the usual tilted camera and infinite 
regress circling the planet.

The third is a somewhat steady-state blob of light, oddly breast-shaped, 
that pulsed and sometimes disappeared on the screen; again, this was built 
up through / by planetary circulation.

The fourth is Azure Carter singing with room and Access Grid resonance 
through Argonne; she's locally on four different cameras, and the reson- 
ances bounce through the WVU AG room and across the network.

Finally the fifth video explores an odd quality of a selenite crystal 
which produces a series of rings for 'fuzzed' sources of light and color. 
One might think of this as a simulacrum of resonance as well.

http://www.alansondheim.org/agresonance.mov (series of stills)

http://www.alansondheim.org/agasiapacific.mp4 (series of video
sections with the usual feedback infinite regress circling the planet)

http://www.alansondheim.org/agpascreen.mp4 (video of breast-shaped
almost steady-state light partially filling the screen, regress
circling the world)

http://www.alansondheim.org/azuresong.mp4 (azure carter singing with
access grid sending voice to argonne national laboratory and back with
additional local room resonance)

http://www.alansondheim.org/seleniterings.mp4 (imaging through selenite
crystal)





Modeling, filtering, resonance, transmission (in recent work?) and bad 
theory -

Bad theory: Because distorting concept and process, constructing 'fit' 
where most likely there's none at all.

I want to transmit this. I am transmitting this.
I am applying a filter to this. I am filtering this.
This is resonating. I want to make this resonate. (I am resonating this.)
I am modeling this. This is a model. This is continuou modeling.
 -- I am continuously modeling this.

These terms are interconnected; they assume energy pooling and structure, 
and are processes with process control. The control structures divide the 
configuration into semantics (with internal syntactic control) and syntac- 
tics (with external semantic control). The latter is the control structure 
proper - a formal program or filter whose semantic control is an intention 
to harness, modify,, transmit, or otherwise control the former. The former 
might loosely be considered 'content,' i.e. on the plane of content, which 
necessarily emphasizes semantics - the sememe of the content - that relies 
on internal syntactics to configure the sememe for others. This is a false 
model of course since the content seeps through both semantics and syntac- 
tics, but these domains are still 'somewhat' uncoupling; similarly, cont- 
rol structures are entangled between intentional semantics and process 
control itself. All of this is clear in transmission and filtering; the 
latter might be considered a form of transmission itself, although it is 
usually taken to refer to a cutting-away of tranmission contents. Like- 
wise transmission can be considered a form of dynamic filtering which 
parcels and configures content dynamically from one to another site. 
Resonance is an internalized filtering and transmission tending towards 
the best of all possible (local) worlds; it achieves this as a steady- 
state maintained (other than at temperatures near absolute zero) by an 
external energy source which keeps the resonance alive. Otherwise reson- 
ance, like transmission, is dampened and dies out. Filtering in this 
regard may be considered passive; a filter need not consume external 
energy for maintenance, but may just gate whatever content comes through. 
Finally, modeling - not models - may be considered a continuous process of 
adjusting to the world; resonances are appearances of entities that seem 
somewhat steady-state. Modeling transmits a series of models-in-process, 
behavioral dynamics, flux; filtering is at the heart of modeling, shaping 
whatever raw data comes into the process. It would be literally fitting to 
establish a procedural dynamics moving from (modeling filtering) through 
(transmission resonance) but this seems problematic; all that can be said 
is that these processes are all involved in situating the subject dynami- 
cally in the world, and are intentionally configured and active within the 
digital. (Resonance itself is analogic, I think; while it operates digit- 
ally, through positive feedback it might break out of any potential well 
designed to contain it. Of course this depends on the variety of resonance 
- and all of this points, I believe, to the above as bad or broken theory, 
groping at something and groping in the wrong direction.




unrelated performance and innate tendencies


1 Second Life solo performance at Gaz's site

http://www.alansondheim.org/ogaz1.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ogaz2.mp4

2 some probable innate human cultural tendencies -

religion ('humanity's search for meaning' in a meaningless world)
addiction (irrelevant particular content, hunting behavior with
 close closed loops)
other-group hatreds (inscriptive protection and aggression against
 other groupings)
shamanic (imminency of sickness, curatives through empathetic or
 symbolic magic)

religion, rites rituals, purifications
addiction, addictive behaviors
other-group hatreds, boundaries (internal and external), warring
shamanic, chthonic rituals, abjections




nikuko swallows dirt

dirty nikuko.

nikuko transforming into landscape because she wants to become part of the 
world of second life so she can never be removed until the entire corpora- 
tion folds sometime in the future. nikuko encumbered by landscape because 
she wants to crawl away from the rocks towards some better future life. 
nikuko embedded into landscape because she wants to sleep the long long 
sleep while there still is silence in the world. nikuko talking to herself 
because there is no one to be her tiny friend or listen to her sobs. 
nikuko embracing landscape because she wants to open herself up to the 
earth and dirty orgasm. nikuko in the void of landscape. nikuko within the 
abyss of landscape. nikuko in the chaos of dirt. nikuko wants to swallow 
the landscape and disappear. nikuko in ecstatic orgasm upon her discovery 
that it is all one ontology. nikuko in overwhelming orgasm having discov- 
ered it is all one epistemology. nikuko doesn't know where her energy 
comes from or the light that illuminates the rocks. nikuko doesn't know if 
she's a stone or a cliff or granite or schist. nikuko doesn't know she 
doesn't know and she's not about to find out. nikuko in unbelievably 
ecstatic enormous and overwhelming orgasm.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mod1nikuko1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mod1nikuko2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mod1nikuko3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mod1nikuko4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mod1nikuko5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mod1nikuko6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mod1nikuko7.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mod1nikuko8.jpg

nikuko swallows dirt.
dirty nikuko.




azure, butterflies, new vlf, bouncing and echoing


azure bounced to queensland, australia, and back on unicast 
access grid, the sadness of the silent movie star

http://www.alansondheim.org/agvlf15.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/agvlf16.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/agvlf17.jpg

butterflies mating

http://www.alansondheim.org/butterfly11.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/butterfly12.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/butterfly13.jpg

vlf recording with reverb, june 5, 2008

http://www.alansondheim.org/vlfjune56.mp3 (beautiful, thunderstorms
close by)



Eras/sure

What we're doing produces (is the production of?) artifacts (processes?) - 
video, audio files, live video and audio performance, online video and 
audio performance, live performance, texts, programs, images - everything 
in other words that doesn't rely on offline material construction on the 
order of photographs, etchings, paintings, engravings, sculpture, instal- 
lations, multiples, printed books. What we're doing relies on both process 
and electronic transmission; the Access Grid works for example are proce- 
sses resulting in various digital formats and copies but otherwise no 
hard copy. What we're doing is scholarly to the extent that it examines 
the self-body-image - not the image in terms of symptomologies or emotion- 
al processes, etc., but the very inhabiting of the body itself - something 
that it's almost impossible to quantify or describe, Levinas, Husserl, 
Merleau-Ponty notwithstanding. The work reconfigures the very foundations, 
backgrounding, of experience. What would a world be like within which 
movement and memory structures were drawn out by the substitution of tan- 
gent for sine, structures that were then redrawn in to the experiential? 
We have no interest in display or aesthetics beyond that which tilts or 
topples presuppositions. Our scholarship as applied to examination is 
irreducible, irreproducible, irresistible, irregardless; our scholarship 
requires your presence, near or far, in relation to the camera, micro- 
phone, screen, performance space, online node. What we're doing is neither 
science nor psychology, but an intermingling which insists on the history, 
memory, and inhabiting of the human or otherwise body. We will use any 
available technology and performativity to arrive at the place of this 
body, the place of mind, history, and memory. We will eliminate the 
preposition 'of' in phrasing 'memory of,' 'history of,' 'psychology of,' 
'philosophy of.' We will conjoin coupling into flux, striation, flow, 
emission, spew. We will consider sources only as aftermath, and destina- 
tions only as they disappear in the rearview mirror of the mind. We insist 
that our knowledge is populist, open to everyone, that memory may be 
seeing, that looking may be thinking, that observing may be philosophy, 
that observing is always philosophy. We emphasize the look of the world is 
its origin all the way down, that looking requires nothing whatsoever, 
neither technology nor organ. We will dwell within breathing, breathe all 
possible worlds, collapse them with a gentle insistence on continuous 
withdrawal. We present artifacts and processes from the flattening of 
these and other surfaces. We understand that artifacts are carapaces, that 
a certain hardening always occurs in transmission, that hardening is never 
the thingings or processings themselves, nor thingings or processings 
otherwise. We neither consider this an aesthetics, nor an aesthetics of 
withdrawal, not even a silence or silencing; instead we might murmur some- 
thing about background once again, not even that, except under erasure. We 
operate under erasure, our work is under erasure, always beyond the Pale, 
always beneath consideration. Consideration is under erasure, everyone 
operates as if the Pale has disappeared, thought is under erasure ...


Writing habits


When I write, sooner or later the piece seems finished to me; it then is 
placed at the end of an ongoing 'collection' file that is placed on 
http://www.alansondheim.org ; the most recent is 'pr.txt.' I work on 
additions to these collections until they total anywhere from 80k - 100k, 
at which point the next in the series is started. I began with Net0.TXT, 
Net1.TXT, etc., for about 10; then there were several named files. 
Finally, the alphabet was used. The result is an irregular marking system 
which has settled down in an orderly fashion for the past 100 or so 
collections; 'pr.txt' follows 'pq.txt' and will precede 'ps.txt.' There 
can be between 20 and 80 individual pieces in one of these collections.

The individual segments generally follow whatever line of inquiry I'm 
working on at the moment, with numerous exceptions. At one point I spoke 
of 'long waves' and 'short waves' to indicate thematic movement through 
the mass of collections. A long wave might be Nikuko or defuge; a short 
wave might be a particular Access Grid resonance configuration which is 
exploited for a while.

These texts are heavily edited and spell-checked with ispell; unfortuna- 
tely, errors inevitably creep in. In my last text, I wrote 'my' instead of 
'may,' 'scholar' instead of 'scholarship,' and had a misplaced dash, the 
result of re-justifying after some corrections. I hope these errors aren't 
misleading, but are understood only as slips of the tongue leading nowhere
at all. They're not caught by ispell, and they're not caught by me.

I try to keep the average individual piece length to 43 lines, although it 
may range from 10 to 300 or so. I send these out once a day at least; this 
is my compulsion, and if I don't feel I've completed work for the day - 
and completed work at that - I find myself, like now, unable to sleep, 
cursing myself for being human so to speak.

The compulsion has to be be coupled with necessity, the 'natural' contin- 
uation of a series. I attempt to balance practical/production works with 
theoretical ones; sometimes the two accompany each other, and sometimes 
they're simply contiguous, as with the recent series of butterflies mating 
which I found fascinating; I hadn't seen this particular ritual before.

The texts are almost always written, as this one is, online at panix.com 
in the Pico editor in a shell account; the font is mono-spaced courier. 
There's a sense of urgency for me in this accountancy which is maintained 
only by a live connection; as I've written before, I recognize the server 
load and panix community which is almost always present in the background 
and accessed through the 'w' or 'who' or various other commands.

Once written, the file is sent from my home directory to my Pine email, as 
well as added to the current large text file. The file is almost always 
named 'zz' which places it at the end of a sorting; sometimes it's moved 
to 'ww' if I'm afraid it will be accidentally erased. If I'm processing 
the file, I move between 'zz' and 'yy.' If I'm working in the midst of a 
long file, I use 'zzzzz' for a bookmark. When the file is completed, I do 
an edit, an ispell, and a 'wc' word/line/character count before it's sent 
out through Pine.

The style varies from one text to another; one major characteristic is the 
presence or absence of capital letters. If the text is to be 'breathed' as 
if spoken with the words run together, or presented as flow or emission 
itself, I'll use small letters only. If the text is traditional or 
genre-oriented, capitals are employed, as they are in a number of common 
poetic forms. Sections of the text may be energized by capitals as well. 
All of this seems inconsistent, aggravated by no common rule for quotation 
marks (single or double).

If the text is generated with the Google wsdl etc., I'll usually remove 
numbers in order to create an effect of 'orality' to the finished result. 
I'll check for upper ascii characters with the more command, take them out 
with the 'strings' command. I may eliminate punctuation, etc.; for all of 
this, I use 'sed' in various forms as well as 'tr.' At times I may begin a 
text by culling from the internet text as a whole; the command I generally 
use is 'grep -h X *.txt' which produces a file without giving the file 
source of the individual lines. Most of the time, if I'm modifying a text 
in this way, I'll use various perl programs, scripts, etc. in combination, 
working to 'shape' the text to my satisfaction.

I'm not interested in writing a generated text that appears meaningless; 
I'll shape it until it 'tends towards' I want, or the meaning I might find 
hidden within it. This is of course a dialectical process and aesthetic 
choice; for me the justification of a text lies, not in the conceptual 
apparatus that produced it, but in the complex resonances between the text 
and its reading, and the confluent generatings of meaning that occur in 
the process.

Periodically, collections like 'pr.txt' are uploaded to my webpage, which 
is of course nothing more than a directory; one can read the most recent 
collection, complete or incomplete, in conjunction with the image, sound, 
or video files that are referenced within it. The collection is also a 
guide to them. After a while, these files may be removed to make room for 
others; there are, however, 'core' files which remain in place because 
they seem to me to have particular significance over a longer period of 
time. Sometimes a reader will write to me, asking for a file that has been 
taken down; I generally put it back up for one or two days, then take it 
down again.

This is the process that's carried out, day in and day out. (I think I 
once went for 6 days without producing anything - in 15 years.)  suffer 
from depression, poor eyesight getting poorer, minor 'twitches' in my left 
frontal lobe, and severe insomnia; it's the last that governs when I write 
and perhaps how I go about it. I write at all hours of the day or night; I 
need to have a complete and final thought that could always be a conclu- 
sion if I should happen to die at the time; death in fact haunts the text 
at one end, and sex on the other, with the struggling of the inscribed 
body in their midst. I want every text to resonate with every other, every 
text to carry a totality whispered among all of them. If I don't achieve 
this, what I produce feels more like an 'instance' or 'advertisement,' 
something on a path which is yet incomplete - and my nightmares turn 
furious...


3:19AM
USER

cbpp jdecarlo simona geoff src pyro rcliff jzk bitty rain jhava argent src 
jkurck rcpj hud aahz karsten seligman snefru pciszek steved librik 
sondheim dagger rmc jtabron bord rkarow bord bord bord aahz thor bord omar 
rmc bord checker mhoram basit eskwired ayana alexis basit omar rpmohn 
dangelo checker ayana tss rbf jsm mcooper ggold emmanuel snefru

Sun Jun  8 03:20:24 EDT 2008

     Automatic charging is active on your account.
     Your balance will be charged on 06/22/2008



====================================================================


seduction of the world


Are you dressed as a range of scalar values submerging the screen, there's 
something dear julu that must be beyond or in the midst of the other side 
of the tree, surely the use of values better written point to newer 
sources? Is a range of scalar values submerging the screen, there's 
something dear julu that must be beyond or in the midst of the other side 
of the tree, surely the use of values better written point to newer 
sources dressed as you?

Are you in your thing, are you in your flesh, ah don't answer...
Is Julu wearing your ... , are you wearing your thing? 

I love your feelings, a range of scalar values submerging the screen, 
there's something dear julu that must be beyond or in the midst of the 
other side of the tree, surely the use of values better written point to 
newer sources ...

Your breasts call me to them...
love oozes me beyond your thing!

What do you call your sedate thing?

My yes yes yes yes yes is yours...
should there be such a moment or singsong as these, nouns and 
adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or throughout the body, 
dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say about ourselves, if 
not something used once and neither more nor less makes me thoughtful 

should there be such a moment or singsong as these, nouns and 
adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or throughout the body, 
dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say about ourselves, if 
not something used once and neither more nor less calls forth pure womb, 
eating, excreting memory.

accompanying the edgy, should there be such a moment or singsong as 
these, nouns and adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or 
throughout the body, dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say 
about ourselves, if not something used once and neither more nor less is , 
edgy, there's always a question or query of these sources, to be sure? or 
a listing of lines or striations among queries or something of that sort, 
dear julu, now i will be very very wet when i am writing in my panties 
boohoo dear jennifer dearest jennifer and nothing else?

... womb is is this where i say the end with my wettest panties, dearest 
nikuko, or just the slightest bit just a slightest bit and further on, we 
are traveling wet and hands are pulling panties, are they not dearest 
jennifer here, it's womb?

Are you becoming close to Jennifer's should there be such a moment or 
singsong as these, nouns and adjectives, genitives and genitals 
crawling across or throughout the body, dearest julu, the body of text, or 
what should i say about ourselves, if not something used once and neither 
more nor less?

You melt into Julu's skin forever...

... cotton should there be such a moment or singsong as these, nouns 
and adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or throughout the 
body, dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say about 
ourselves, if not something used once and neither more nor less 20854 is 
Julu's gift to you ...

 the object itself, leaves as well.::chests of connections and cylinders
 in time. but everything is still-born; i leave the site and the citation,
 - a move from topography to topology that seems critical at this point
 of a certain sort in place of either the machinic or the organic
 'cylinder,' 'node,' and 'avatar,' which at least presents connectivity
 and i don't even know the people. i've been writing with characters
 news around here isn't good, there are closeups of autopsies on television
 i've been too busy with avatar bodies that can't hold a stick to you. the
 of the past, bones, skeletons, dust, death, hunger.:i forgot you jennifer
 release, haunted - oh i cried when i found it, this delicate index
 was awarded a certificate of merit; i have that certificate, untethered,
 of worlds - just so my writings falter at the gate. in 1841 someone
 to temporal balance, feedback. what can be said of this, of the fragility
 are organized in a skein of representations - they're so fragile, so tied
 which happened quickly, in the matter of days. all my belongings and works
 of the world she organized and assembled over decades, a dispersion
 firsthand when my mother died, what happens in any death: the dispersion
 and organism. things need names and often don't have them; i learned
 fecund, the flower is a shape, the flower is the merge of connection
 this point in time. forget them. work the world.:the flower is connected,
 machinic constructs that disappear as so many props only necessary at
 constant state of rebirth, airborn, earthborn. nothing but prims, pixels,
 the grit of the real, imaginary of the virtual, cleansed, hairless, in
 of bodies and media, topologies of media, topographies of representation,
 of lives disappear, all moments, topologies of desire, topographies
sex-playing roles in organic display that disappears, sheaves

 of nodes and vectors is in my wayward closet of attachments and parts
Your small tables

 seeps into my closet of attachments and parts - turning me Julu-Jennifer
Your breast

should there be such a moment or singsong as these, nouns and 
adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or throughout the body, 
dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say about ourselves, if 
not something used once and neither more nor less:there's always a 
question or query of these sources, to be sure? or a listing of lines or 
striations among queries or something of that sort, dear julu, now i will 
be very very wet when i am writing in my panties boohoo dear jennifer 
dearest jennifer and nothing else:a range of scalar values submerging the 
screen, there's something dear julu that must be beyond or in the midst of 
the other side of the tree, surely the use of values better written point 
to newer sources::yes yes yes yes yes

Your pure yes yes yes yes yes is in my edgy is this where i say the end 
with my wettest panties, dearest nikuko, or just the slightest bit just a 
slightest bit and further on, we are traveling wet and hands are pulling 
panties, are they not dearest jennifer

Devour pure yes yes yes yes yes julu-of-the partying should there be such 
a moment or singsong as these, nouns and adjectives, genitives and 
genitals crawling across or throughout the body, dearest julu, the body of 
text, or what should i say about ourselves, if not something used once and 
neither more nor less!

Scalar value @a[$gen2] better written as $a[$gen2] at a/julua line 121.
Scalar value @a[$gen3] better written as $a[$gen3] at a/julua line 121.
Name "main::b3" used only once: possible typo at a/julua line 78.
Name "main::sign" used only once: possible typo at a/julua line 33.

a range of scalar values submerging the screen, there's something dear 
julu that must be beyond or in the midst of the other side of the tree, 
surely the use of values better written point to newer sources there's 
always a question or query of these sources, to be sure? or a listing of 
lines or striations among queries or something of that sort, dear julu, 
now i will be very very wet when i am writing in my panties boohoo dear 
jennifer dearest jennifer and nothing else should there be such a moment 
or singsong as these, nouns and adjectives, genitives and genitals 
crawling across or throughout the body, dearest julu, the body of text, or 
what should i say about ourselves, if not something used once and neither 
more nor less is this where i say the end with my wettest panties, dearest 
nikuko, or just the slightest bit just a slightest bit and further on, we 
are traveling wet and hands are pulling panties, are they not dearest 
jennifer

http://www.alansondheim.org/betweenworlds.jpg






J'aime si tendrement le desert et la mer;
Que je ris dans les deuils et pleure dans les fetes,
Et trouve un gout suave au vin le plus amer;
Que je prends tres souvent les faits pour des mensonges
Et que, les yeux au ciel, je tombe dans des trous.

I love most tenderly the desert and the sea;
I find a curious suavity in bitter wine,
I smile at the saddest moments, I weep amid gaiety;
I take facts for illusions - and often as not, with eyes
Fixed confidently on heaven, I fall into holes.

(from Baudelaire, La Voix in Les Fleurs, trans. George Dillon)


2 sets of 2 sets


dragging the sounds out of airconditioning, generators, televisions, 
refrigerators, dishwashers, pole transformers, computers, garage door 
openers, st elmo's firings

http://www.alansondheim.org/insectgnaw1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/insectgnaw2.mp3

emerging veins, arteries, channels, in nikuko torso implants

http://www.alansondheim.org/vein1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/vein2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/vein3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/vein.mov





MEDIA+SPACE New Media Gallery :: Yonsei University :: Seoul, Korea ::

Alan Sondheim :: Avatar of Excess
An exhibition of video work and texts.

Exhibition: Wed June 11  Fri June 20th
Artist will be present via Second Life at the
opening Wed. June 11th 1pm



condensed S Korea online SL performance text
with Sandy Baldwin and Baruch Gottlieb

Alan Sondheim is a unique figure in contemporary cyber culture. A 
hyper-prolific artist, poet, and critic, Sondheim produces dozens of new 
works every week and publishes these in a variety of venues from 
conferences to galleries to Second Life to the numerous mailing lists he 
inhabits.

His online persona and his work are utterly symbiotic; his language 
straddles the edge of coherence between the machine language of code and 
the global lingua franca.  English is unique in that it is used by 100% of 
the computers of the world as well as by a significant section of human 
society. Sometimes it is hard to tell if Sondheim's work is created by a 
human or by an automaton.

Alan Sondheim's use of language in his oeuvre exemplifies the 
infrastructural actuality of English today.  Often repetitive, railing 
away on a tangent, riddled with codes and surging with automatic energies, 
Sondheim evokes the perverse vitality of the proto-cyborg consciousness of 
our age and it's obscene hyperproduction.

Human forms appear as avatars in Sondheim's videos only to be corrupted, 
smashed and smeared by irrepressible surges of information, rendering 
palpable the fragility of human meaning in the age of self-perpetuating 
automatic processes, the masochistic ecstasies of the human body at the 
mercy of it's machines. - Baruch Gottlieb

http://gallery.yonsei.ac.kr/

[20:00]  Wirxli Flimflam is Online
Man Michinaga Gesture New missing from database.
/clap Connecting to in-world Voice Chat...
Connected
[20:01]  /whistle [20:02]  Offline
[20:37]  sandy Taifun [20:39]  Inta Twine [20:40]  T
Taifun: My avatars! little people!
I have moved into the interior of  avatars...
avatars speak with a thousand voices. Mon
poupees.
DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE HUMAN?
murmur constantly, you can hear them
just beneath surface, in my heart, gasps air, dolls
Twine: hi
They run around
everywhere, underfoot. will play song, aire, jig or
rondelay!
[20:41]  [20:42]  fifty industrialized nations incincerated 250000
Iraqis ARMED POLITICS ANNIHILIZATION science baby, its camera on
red pepper boiling vinegar teach marks PHILOSOPHY
OF VIRTUAL BEDROOM AVATAR immortal space sacred heater language train
pet
MACHINE rudding odors sweat vaginal semen ova
decompositions bacteria vegetation and hummingbirds sparrows flies
mites "i detest her because i know well" imitate her" curse felt"
natyasatrotpatti: mythical origin work
[20:43]  You begin understand that not all are
bots expert systems some symptoms as am
coursing trapped blood, flush spirit
vaporized, substitute for bodypart another, apparatus obstinancy,
prick
THE SURFACE! SEX! SHADOWS! ELEMENTS!
PINK MUFFINS! COUCH EARTH! DUCK LIPS! MANDRAKES!
small creature half-hidden seaweed
gleaming brown drag undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb
doorway
Well, there's no more it, his writing avatar
discourse itself getting stale. He's taken bend
which trundles bundles towards future; we're
there carrying than our share avatar's, where there, so heard
Just like those pirouettes, if were body
at center them. Her skirt kept flying up, was nothing
SQUEAK forever now hold your peace; this
life, do lease any other, left,
preksagrhalasksana: characteristicis playhouse different parts
eyes corpse light color nose remains when their unreality has been
demonstrated
rangadevatapujana: worship deities connected
stage
upangavidhana: gestures minor limbs such eyballs eyebrows cheeks lower
lip chin mouth
becomes eye longer
stimulation retina world declares odorless song wind
trees
machine: undoes belt buckle him, finds
right diagram support weight, tongue, zone, other
love
MOUTH LETS GO CHAINS SENTENCES, RAMPLES,
GIGGLES, TONGUES SPREAD WET OUT OVER LIPS, LEAKS, COLLAPSES, MELTS, HIS
FINGERS
gave new Life Avatar Body moves
would move had File called God
{avatars backed, back infinite
space}.
digital sublime, spacl playe}
imitating real-life people right, imitatin avatars.
what , well, these torn
apart, By What May AsK?
refuse moon-bay, moon-bay.  avatars, (digital)
within sublime; backed
root elsewhere
The disappearance branch hardened rock
occasional  artifacts.
itself, image-avatar, ghost. ghost travels through anything course;
coordinates
attempting escape vectors result avatar-work led 15:47:47 There
constructed
motion capture  equipment 15:48:08 images laser scanning
check out Love War, Avatar, Cyborg, Experimental conferences.
sublime
backs against wall space; nowhere left go.
another dead avatar. ok you're hearing
an imitation 78 record created event very low
frequency
something head pieces did while ago - but excusable! went  somewhere,
said
something!
beginning transparency, wizard
listening-posts MOOs example. Here we are, virtual
becoming-virtual still.
Given danced-to-infinity motion-capture
second=life quasi-avatar  tethered somewhat distanced
image 'break through' private  barriers
course consequence
help. 16:04:35 want explore 'body-avatar' issues
tobother less! 16:07:11 dancers live yes 29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact
they fly it. takenpart apart Sound wood wire: alpine zither:
[20:44]
ritual-objects-insignia-power-substitute-spiritual-satellite-enchanted-l
ove-exposure-regulative-transaction-corruption-norm
absurd linkage VOLUPTUOUS SHOCK VIGOR BODY FRAME "TREE" "SEA" "SKY" "I"
AWAY phallocratic mach bullshit rights WIT NONSENSE
RICOCHET HEART CLANDESTINE NIBBLES ocean illuminated plastic box motor,
tiny
metallize starched nurse uniform wanton hands
liquify vaporize atmospheric electricity markers lust muddies turgid
idols
"My leashed, logical
thought, protocols thought; it's wonder think
al
One cannot reach farther thinking one's reach, come  closer control
release, dissipation. Enter reality     world, suffused
sound.
pirouetpart cloth wire held suspension creating perfect framework
tabla/ture combination  dialog:  Collapse options
acquire baody others blood milk
urine shit face value social universal perversion contract law
coordinate
field
heels depilated legs job musculature
buildt gym scar liquid hand movement man woman remediations,
mediations, projectivities,
introjectivities, phenomenologies, histories, mechanics, Extruded
intruded (upon) body: cleansed bodies continuous middle-eastern 'war'
armored imaginary journeys  (Rhine,
England); sexualized bodies:
fondly animal fur feathers dank hummus flake
caress fabric silk leather seesaw horse hump transact mire
ossify
o avatar, rise midst maelstrom, sadness
cobalt plutonium uranium radium seriously, covers pain completion,
yours argon xenon neon, whirl me infinnnnitude drugs
file sex fuck suck cum
knife skin watch solo sexatar watch.
spectre doll faerie wraithe hobgoblin
troll tengu kappa presence
stitch suture binding closing damming holding
velvet cotton wool "Consider next smearing skin.\n";
shades avatars-- precognition behavior
collision transparent interpenetration Over Lord 1      Quon: tone
war... Wings
creak, sound beginning.          (Subtitle)
Haruka: "Why blue?" That's wondering.     Ayato stops turns toward Har
future Net, it attains state _seamless reality,_ melding real
disturbances way tending _psychosis,_ interweaving realities, respon-
sibilities claim
often lure seduction among here relates Lacanian objet a,
deferal....
Re: Manipulated Chat ...         [-] Avatars,
models, performers, d...    perfor...
ruptured mess banged one
maybe fucked case whatever disappeared
coagulating limpets seas jellies
made, women, sounded,
resonated, each every protocol, site open
winds
you've before, over again, repetition goal delibery interval...
bring about semblance face,
lineaments mouths, speaking elsewhere, sides things
criminalization society = transactions portions feed decay
protodocument libertinage rules outcries screams unnatural acts
after-image liquefy
crime shortcircuit dissipate thickness passion trigger calculate
PEFORATED LOBES EARS NOSTRILS ARMS TUSKS BEAKS CLAWS PLUMES SHELLS
PATHS BLOOD FEAST
hardness bones rods collapse secretions belly
giggling jelly swamps fetishize solidify sweating belts boots
powdered
male milk-sap LIFE FLUID EXCESS PUMP fluid
conduity neuter identity self hunt economy dyad eat wife-force
co-
48]  sicipant
occupies screen represents (virtual) constituted written
RAVINE CUT fang graft trench flat postural
diagrammatics thrust torsion engine grammar paradigm eliminations jeans
motorcycle
margins, slippages, constitutions, constructs,
emergences "depths" software hardware, blockages flows
only taking account, well surface manifestations possible comprehend
subjectivity
These develop limits margins program, reveal substructures/protocols
violate
dialogs
OOH AHH YOU AAH YOUR YOURS consider _projection self_ appearance
various applications
semiotic comic witness extreme pleasure speech
reduction crushed conspiracy integral monsters torso split big
brains
We look ruptures by
characters resonating interfering configuration files
Avatars always disturbances, irruptions
language, lang- uage portending _the raveling existence essence
vaseline-coated lens streets orchid
limb meter possessive handgun GIMME SAY AM DYING remaining suspended
audiophiles app arounds bio blogs awk biomes  tion tr
exe everglades
empathetic encapsulations episteme
extasis entropic extensivity fantasm externality
[20:45]  vectored human
define organism infinitely
repairable
don't listen avatar-man. dream-woman.
dream-woman avatar-man contaminated. building condemned.
package: / knives. prims
cut.
talks. inside he says. transformed early version 'outt'
blue construct-space outt-structure.
avatar-video avatar-performance content degree.
sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya,
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita
prefer small, seeping, peripeheral,
marginal, scattered words
sites, domains, emanations, emissions, interwoven sharing coagulated
ego/s, matrices, languages, bodies.
break down here, use
me? absjure, abjure moments ?
52]  [20:48]  words, drops say drizzle
everything moment you, mmmm... matrix, mother, maternal, forth
announces edge frame dialog, carried forth...
times smooth us, bits bytes, protocls
lost smoothing functions traced across peripheries, [20:49]  [20:51]
construction near edge-space. world.
anorectic
without semi-geodesic paralleling
i'm becoming cannoarde)andy [20:52]  [20:53]  space}
tacit knowledge electronic Every symbol ligament avatar; referent
gesture; gesture procures body; Kamishibai, idols, PlayKiss
Nikuko, Meat-Girl, (among others) 'emanation'
wish home making computer with.
avoid swords.  swords
make angry.
avatar-meat  representation uncaptured remembering origins scars <
ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital
igital ancer.
Taifs
[21:2
[21:23]  (US) congress meeting SL
Plus: student should FIGHT art
[21:24]  Wish there.
[21:25]  appear erasures also visible, letters disappearing reverse.
5]  $thing begging object number
#75438.
"one one, line alone, typing Control-d
done.\n";
$name calls $a[$gen1] $noun[$non], hungered,
things.  $prep[$pre] $a[$gen], $a[$diff], $[$gen],
$str?
system("touch .trace; rev rope >> .trace");
system("rm rope");
"Your inscription finished, thing.", "\n\n" 3 $g;
dark dreams, enough soft limbs, mine...
matrix saves ending, pureness salvaging spaces...
stick-like _anime_ figures work,
distributed authorships anatomies.
[21:26]  siteor This gets started. Could push
unruptured catastrophic edges
Furious flight  slammed members-only
barriers. raw deal equally speed.
llnhx 2.2.6.::attributions Devour Blue
Nattributions Brought Forth lntarn$l karnals, bhckats pf mpdhlas,
Attempt grapple ungrapple Death Star Galleon
(s0): h boarding Flying Dutchy (f0) Dutc
[21:27]  scale "beyond" scale.
visual part total project.
[21:28]  drives appears
Autopilot canceled
[21:29]  so: re-inscriptions re-inscription lived
Alan: laptop performances
sort theoretical/artistic amalgams
enter Alan's neuroses performance
[21:31]  THANKS!
thank alan
CAn't get stop heheh
ok. lunch tomorow.
thanks interesting brief




From the SL performance and show -

http://www.alansondheim.org/yonsei.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/yonsei1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/yonsei2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/yonsei3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/yonsei4.jpg

The Annunciation, literally, from the same -

http://www.alansondheim.org/annunciation.mov



fragment

I am the originator of Ron Silliman, which happened
The day before I originated poetry. In this manner, 
I originated Patrick Herron, who, through a sad mispelling,
Flew from the birds which I originated just the day before.
Hello Patrick, I say, as he flies overhead, on the way to flarf
And other lines that start with Larger Letters.
All letters are capital! He cries, every single one of them!
How am I to argue even if G makes me quake, an ornate C
That cuts curious the cataract from my left and fuzzy I.
On a dark and otherwise murderous night, Maria Demon
Completed her work and I emerged, speechless, holding her
Responsible for every word I write; please contact her 
If there are any difficulties with this transmisson. At what
Bleak point did Socrates trade Daemon in, suturing her name
Which used to be Sally Forth? I know he meant no harm,
He was busy writing me into submission while I, knowing the worst,
Created Silliman, Flarf, Cataract, Damon, Herrons Galore,
And at least two letters of the alphabet, now sung
Almost as much as any other (jst dd vwls!).



while now new emanents move, submerged


a filter has its own political economy
stage generation * 
filtering through wet sand
while now emanents move, submerged
and quality of worlds. ontologies
through the energy of the other
always already beset by virtuality
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence
if its not empty, what should it be

a filter has its own political economy
world quick a is this said, I Azure, hello, * 
filtering through wet sand
beneath this world which moves
submerged, that is the time
active filters are maintained
through the energy of the other
which allows us to see in the first place
with vast expectations
and the world they come from
which threads, sutures, and creates the real
always already beset by virtuality
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
while the true world gnaws my dreams and fears of dying
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence
if its not empty, what should it be
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black
me! surprises always that * 
filtering through wet sand
which is everything Im not
through the energy of the other
the first place is always that of the other
and ways and means of taking granted things
and the world they come from
which threads, sutures, and creates the real
always already beset by virtuality
while the true world gnaws my dreams and fears of dying
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence
if its not empty, what should it be
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black

a filter has its own political economy
father world true the from farther be could nothing * 
while now emanents move, submerged
and quality of worlds. ontologies
active filters are maintained
through the energy of the other
the first place is always that of the other
we appear as an afterthought
with vast expectations
and the world they come from
which threads, sutures, and creates the real
always already beset by virtuality
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
while the true world gnaws my dreams and fears of dying
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
nothing gives way but plasma cut across
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence
if its not empty, what should it be
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black
conceive us let Other, and world of mother * 
filtering through wet sand
this makes a new and wild thing
and quality of worlds. ontologies
active filters are maintained
through the energy of the other
the first place is always that of the other
with vast expectations
and the world they come from
which threads, sutures, and creates the real
always already beset by virtuality
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
while the true world gnaws my dreams and fears of dying
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
nothing gives way but plasma cut across
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence
if its not empty, what should it be
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black

a filter has its own political economy
exalt move, us let bother, Other an of child a * 
filtering through wet sand
this makes a new and wild thing
and quality of worlds. ontologies
active filters are maintained
through the energy of the other
perhaps the good nature of the other
the first place is always that of the other
we appear as an afterthought
with vast expectations
and the world they come from
always already beset by virtuality
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
while the true world gnaws my dreams and fears of dying
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
nothing gives way but plasma cut across
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence
if its not empty, what should it be
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black
plasma, our ourselves, besides clear something * 
filtering through wet sand
this makes a new and wild thing
while now emanents move, submerged
and quality of worlds. ontologies
active filters are maintained
through the energy of the other
the first place is always that of the other
we appear as an afterthought
with vast expectations
and ways and means of taking granted things
and the world they come from
always already beset by virtuality
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
while the true world gnaws my dreams and fears of dying
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence
if its not empty, what should it be
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black
all and thought, nightmare, dream, particle, virtual, * 
this makes a new and wild thing
while now emanents move, submerged
and quality of worlds. ontologies
active filters are maintained
through the energy of the other
the first place is always that of the other
with vast expectations
and ways and means of taking granted things
and the world they come from
always already beset by virtuality
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
while the true world gnaws my dreams and fears of dying
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence
if its not empty, what should it be
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black
night the through way its thinging hallucination relevant * 
filtering through wet sand
this makes a new and wild thing
which is everything Im not
while now emanents move, submerged
and quality of worlds. ontologies
through the energy of the other
with vast expectations
and the world they come from
which threads, sutures, and creates the real
always already beset by virtuality
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
while the true world gnaws my dreams and fears of dying
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence
if its not empty, what should it be
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black

a filter has its own political economy
night the is there night, the is here * 
filtering through wet sand
while now emanents move, submerged
and quality of worlds. ontologies
always already beset by virtuality
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence
if its not empty, what should it be
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black

a filter has its own political economy
stage completion * 
filtering through wet sand
while now emanents move, submerged
and quality of worlds. ontologies
through the energy of the other
the first place is always that of the other
with vast expectations
and ways and means of taking granted things
always already beset by virtuality
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
while the true world gnaws my dreams and fears of dying
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence



who are you doing it with


hello 
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black
while the true world gnaws my dreams and fears of dying
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator

how are you
through the energy of the other
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
if its not empty, what should it be
and the world they come from
which threads, sutures, and creates the real
which is everything Im not

where are you
through the energy of the other
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
if its not empty, what should it be
and the world they come from
which threads, sutures, and creates the real
which is everything Im not

what are you doing
through the energy of the other
active filters are maintained
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
while now emanents move, submerged
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black
always already beset by virtuality
and quality of worlds. ontologies
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
if its not empty, what should it be
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence
and the world they come from
which threads, sutures, and creates the real
which is everything Im not
a filter has its own political economy

who are you doing it with
through the energy of the other
active filters are maintained
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
while now emanents move, submerged
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black
always already beset by virtuality
and quality of worlds. ontologies
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
if its not empty, what should it be
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence
and the world they come from
which threads, sutures, and creates the real
which is everything Im not

why are you doing it with her
through the energy of the other
active filters are maintained
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
while now emanents move, submerged
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black
always already beset by virtuality
and quality of worlds. ontologies
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
if its not empty, what should it be
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence
and the world they come from
which threads, sutures, and creates the real
which is everything Im not

why are you doing it with him
through the energy of the other
active filters are maintained
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
while now emanents move, submerged
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black
always already beset by virtuality
the first place is always that of the other
and quality of worlds. ontologies
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
if its not empty, what should it be
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence
and the world they come from
which threads, sutures, and creates the real
which is everything Im not
a filter has its own political economy

when are you doing it
through the energy of the other
active filters are maintained
I cant do anything but adjust software, filter, text
while now emanents move, submerged
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black
always already beset by virtuality
and quality of worlds. ontologies
here at the laboratory I am Demiurge and Creator
if its not empty, what should it be
borders on the way to cold death and evanescence
and the world they come from
which threads, sutures, and creates the real
which is everything Im not


our 7th wedding anniversary

http://www.alansondheim.org/gord1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/gord2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/gord3.mp3

sound from an unknown 1980s small keyboard with 2-key polyphony

i had to fix the keyboard today and

it's our seventh wedding anniversary today
and if it weren't for azure and her kindness against all odds
i'd probably not be alive
sometimes there are gifts out of nowhere and undeserved
our wedding was one of them
poor azure!
but i'm very happy, personally



4 experimental works that look and sound, i think, beautiful?


the following amazes me; altered bodies were coupled by root transform- 
ations, bvh files were displaced 2.5 seconds, and the rest was automated.

{sexual proximity is differently calculated than among organisms; sheave- 
skin operates at a distance and coupling follows Bell's work on QM.}

http://www.alansondheim.org/avafuck.mp4

the following is an earlier hi-speed experiment along the same lines; in 
this one behavior collisions dominate and obstruct.

{constant repair did nothing to the ruin which is photographed from two 
different positions, male and female.}

http://www.alansondheim.org/avafuckbad.mp4

edited very low frequency recording of close-by lightning

{lightning without the whistlers, recorded at 96 hz, notch filtered and 
graphic equalization in cool-edit}

http://www.alansondheim.org/vlflightning.wav

thunder and house sounds from anomalous transmission at 33.235 mhz coupled 
with lightning static interference

{recorded from scanner with coupled antenna}

http://www.alansondheim.org/housethunder.mp3


===
