
(Short bio.)


Alan Sondheim 			   


        Alan Sondheim is a writer, teacher, videomaker, and cyberspace
theorist who comoderates four email lists, Cybermind, Fiction-of-Philoso-
phy, Cyberculture, and E-conf (electronic conferencing), on the Internet.
The first is devoted to the psychology/ philosophy of cyberspace. For the
past several years, Sondheim has been working on numerous webpages and a
long Internet Text, a continuous meditation on the philosophy and psycho-
logy of cyberspace. Parts of this have been published in online and off-
line venues, including Nettime's Readme (Autonomedia).

        From September 1999 - March 2000, Sondheim was the second Virtual
Writer-in-Residence for the trAce Online Writing Community, originating
from Nottingham Trent University, England. During his tenure, he organized
a number of online collaborative writing projects, started eight online
Conferences on the trAce Webboard, concerned with Experimental Writing,
Programming and Writing, Avatars, Bodies and Cyborgs, etc; started a
Millennium Project concerned with the "nerves" of the Internet over the
December 31 1999 "hinge"; and worked with a number of artists on other,
independent projects. The Webboard is at http://trace.ntu.ac.uk, and the
rest is at http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/index.htm , except for
the last, Lost Project at http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/lost .

        In 1996, Sondheim edited Being On Line, Net Subjectivity, for Lus-
itania Press, guest-edited an issue of Art Papers on Future Culture, and
edited issue #120 of New Observations on Cultures of Cyberspace. His other
books include Individuals: Post-Movement Art in America (Dutton, 1977) and
Disorders of the Real (Station Hill, 1988). His current project, the In-
ternet Text, is available on the World Wide Web. Sondheim has a book of
avatar writings, Nikuko, forthcoming from Cris Cheek; a text on the philo-
sophy of the virtual, The Case of the Real, has been published by Potes
and Poets; and Jennifer, a collection of some of his on-line texts, has
been produced as a limited edition by the Nominative Press Collective. A
large collection of his work is scheduled for 2001 from Potes and Poets.
	
        Sondheim has published over a hundred and thirty articles, and has
spoken at a number of venues on the Internet and Information Highway. He
has taught issues of on-line culture and community at Lang College at the
New University. His film and video has been exhibited at two Whitney Bien-
nials as well as the Paris Biennale. Sondheim has received four residenc-
ies at the Experimental Television Center. He has been a visiting lecturer
at such schools as U.C.L.A., Nova Scotia College of Art and Design, Ontar-
io College of Art, Concordia University, University of Texas at Dallas,
and U.C. Irvine.  His video and film have been shown internationally.
(Films available through Filmmakers Coop in New York.)

        Sondheim has participated in numerous shows, including Crash: Nos-
talgia for the Absence of Cyberspace (Thread Waxing Space). He has parti-
cipated in a number of conferences on cyberspace issues and given talks on
the Net at the University of California, Santa Cruz; University of Sydney;
University of Southern California; Bard College; Huntington Beach Arts
Center; Beyond Baroque; the 1998 MLA Conference in San Francisco; School
of Visual Arts; the 1999 AWP Conference in Albany; and many other places.

	In November, 1996, Sondheim was the keynote speaker at the Cyber-
mind Conference in Perth, Australia; a plenary session was devoted to his
work. In June, 1996, and January, 1997, he was a visiting fellow/consult-
ant for the Community Center for Enterprise Networking in Cape Breton,
Nova Scotia - an organization sponsored by the Federal Government, con-
cerned with networking and economic development of the entire province.

        Sondheim has an M.A. from Brown University and currently lives in
Brooklyn, New York with his partner, Azure Carter.

	Webpages:

URL: http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt/
MIRROR: http://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/~spoons/internet_txt.html 
Trace: http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/index.htm
Trace Lost Project: http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/lost/

Telephone 1-718-857-3671   
Address 432 Dean Street, Brooklyn, NY, 11217
Email sondheim@panix.com

