

fewe olde immagees ofe Julue Twinee

olde Julue Twinee ise s/hee
roilinge skywarde mmerrilye
remmemmbere hire, fore s/hee ise faire
s/hee testes thee physicse ofe thee aire

ane olde boxe cammerae tooke thesee thinges
ande mmadee themme somethinge newe
suche mmarblee skine ande onyxe ringes
fromme earthe dooe quitee ensuee

doe notee thee absente glovee and frocke
ande trousere ine thee skye
Julue doe dancee arounde thee clocke
thee ringes arounde hire flye

thee mmermmaide downe withine thee seae
swimme downe ande upe ise noughte soe freee

http://www.alansondheim.org/comma1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/comma2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/comma3.jpg


newe 2. fewe olde immagees ofe Julue Twinee

2. olde Julue Twinee ise s/hee
2. roilinge skywarde mmerrilye
2. remmemmbere hire, fore s/hee ise faire
2. s/hee testes thee physicse ofe thee aire

2. ane olde boxe cammerae tooke thesee thinges
2. ande mmadee themme somethinge newe
2. suche mmarblee skine ande onyxe ringes
2. fromme earthe dooe quitee ensuee

2. doe notee thee absente glovee and frocke
2. ande trousere ine thee skye
2. Julue doe dancee arounde thee clocke
2. thee ringes arounde hire flye

2. thee mmermmaide downe withine thee seae
2. swimme downe ande upe ise noughte soe freee

2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma4.jpg
2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma5.jpg
2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma6.jpg
2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma7.jpg
2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma8.jpg
2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma9.jpg
2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma10.jpg
2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma11.jpg

3. http://www.alansondheim.org/swoosh1.jpg
3. http://www.alansondheim.org/swoosh2.jpg
3. http://www.alansondheim.org/swoosh3.jpg
3. http://www.alansondheim.org/swoosh4.jpg
3. http://www.alansondheim.org/swoosh5.jpg
3. http://www.alansondheim.org/swoosh6.jpg
3. http://www.alansondheim.org/swoosh7.jpg



Second Life Installation Phenomenology


The Second Life show at http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22 
continues to change; since it's complex and interactive, it makes sense 
for you to visit it. The images and videos I put up almost daily can 
present one or another new (static or dynamic) topographic feature, but 
only in an isolated and framed configuration; one doesn't get a sense of 
the roil or negotiated pathways of the spaces which are always under 
construction.

At one point symmetries dominated, as well as moire patterns related to 
early cinema; at another, flat black areas created a problematic of depth 
that remained unresolved. At times a machine-structure (gears, wheels, 
cams) appeared out of partial assemblages; at best, these were metaphors, 
doing nothing in the virtual or the real. In the exhibition, objects tend 
to ignore one another unless given physical weight; few objects have that, 
since those that do tend to tumble out of the exhibition, 'out of world,' 
ending up in lost-and-found inventories.

Now the symmetries have corroded by 'foreign' non-repetitive textures that 
indicate movement trajectories (it's easy to follow the movement of a flat 
black square for example) and block moire effects. It's as if the symmet- 
rical properties of objects and assemblages are falling apart. Almost 
every object moves vertically; some are aligned, some are harmonic, some 
appear independent. It's easy to fall vertically at this point, from sky 
objects to the exhibition hall surface, and from ground surface to the 
underwater environment beneath the hall. Teleport labels may or may not 
take you somewhere; you might end up where you started or even more en- 
tangled on a different level. The environment as a whole appears as shaky 
as the economy, and there's a parallel with bandwidth and prim quantity 
issues. I build and don't know who sees what; I find my own computers 
locked up on occasion.

At this point I want to start radically modifying the installation; again 
I urge you to visit while it retains a semblance of its current state. As 
objects are given weight, they'll fall and reorganize the surface; they 
may well pile up without falling out of world, at least temporarily; they 
may provide new surfaces and cavities to negotiate. It's almost impossible 
to document the dynamics of this; things fall too fast for cameras to 
follow.

When I sleep at night, spaces open up; I'm torn and brought close to death 
in nightmare after nightmare, some of which are set in apparently real 
environments that slough off into the virtual. A train begins here, the 
tracks connect there, leading to dilapidated and jumbled architecture. Or 
arousal which disseminates in the midst of prims sharp enough to slice 
through site and sound. From Dhananjaya: "'Rasa is that which is made 
enjoyable by the behaviour of the characters that gives enjoyment because 
the object of the drama is not to enjoy the behaviour of the characters 
since that belongs to the past.' (Otherwise, says the author, the specta- 
tor might as well himself fall into love with the heroine." And again: 
"The spectators enjoy at the site of characters like Arjuna and others 
what they themselves feel inside just as children enjoy, playing with clay 
elephants, the fervour that is within themselves." (From Adya Rangacharya, 
Drama in Sanskrit Literature, Bombay, Popular Prakashan, 1968.) Enjoyment 
is not enjoyment in the sense of pleasure, but inhabiting a diegetic cons- 
tructed through a series of coded interfaces. In the Second Life instal- 
lation, the strange remains strange, but one learns to negotiate complex 
trajectories among levels, prims, sounds, spaces, worlds; soon rasa 
(flavor among other meanings) emerges as one's eyes are one's avatar's 
eyes and one becomes comfortable with hir body. There are no identifica- 
tions in the Second Life show, only corners, plateaus, and circulations 
that permit discourse, that one might conceivably inhabit. All of these 
spaces, like capital, are rickety; Second Life is governed by exchange, 
not use value and things constantly threaten to fall apart. The only 
certainty is an absence of breakage and death; what is attached for the 
most part remains attached, no matter how far it falls, no matter how 
sharp and difficult, impossible, the landing. Death in Second Life is 
never death, but literally a passing-away; an avatar disappears more or 
less permanently and one might assume that something has occurred in real 
life parallel to this - illness or death or disinterest or bankruptcy - 
one never knows.

The spaces in exhibition are malleable, not liquid, not liquid architec- 
ture so much as capable of distortion and linkage at a distance: things 
may well move in synchronization, even over a fairly large distance, as if 
Bell's theorem suddenly appeared in the large and abstract. When the space 
- the normative space of Second Life - fills up, it transforms the avatar 
within it. Boundaries are no longer fixed or even apparent. I imagine a 
Kristevan chora, part-objects and pre-linguistics driving the show, as if 
the birth of language were imminent and immanent. The birth never occurs; 
the chora remains at the state of the laugh or scream or orgasm or even 
free-fall. One is stripped down, and the images, such as they are, textur- 
ing the prims are often sexualized - penises, breasts, rings, faces in 
pain or ecstasy, posed mannequins of fossilized desire and dance. One 
senses an alien choreography behind everything, the world inverted in 
Plato's cave from virtual shadows to the watching and participating body 
on the damp floor. The alien is ourselves of course and the aliens are our 
self, chora to chiasm.

Rasa is the taste of this, the taste or flavor of the enlightened audience 
which means the knowledgeable audience, who have already migrated past the 
strangeness of the exhibition towards an inhering organic that passes for 
flesh and tissue. I think of the space as avatar body, as avatar hirself, 
as chora, as womb, as phallus, as adverb. I think of rocketing through the 
space as the dissipation of vectors without origin and destination; one 
lands in the midst of circulation and circles hirself.

But all of this takes time on the part of the visitor, as does the reading 
of signs, even the writing and writhing of signs in sky and water and 
within the earth itself. One has to enter the space, ascend and descend, 
allow oneself to be caught up in the multiplicity of worlds, even the 
smoke of catastrophe and catastrophic industrialization, the destruction 
of families, speech and phenomena which are always already in a state of 
withdrawal. The world comes and goes without saying; we pass away as it 
passes by, and even a minute after our death we no longer hear a voice, 
see the sun, read the next day's market.



beginnings of transformation - object given weights - it falls and whirls


beginning of transformations - objects given weight - they fall and whirl 
- disappear off world - as if blown by invisible winds - furious they fall 
- they're returned to the inventory -

- who does that within and without the world -

- the Nikuko avatar Alan Dojoji is transformed - completely reconfigured
through an alternation of the particle field - you must look at these - 
they are beautiful beyond belief - the video gives an indication - again 
these invisible winds - spirits - sprites - gathering of unseen forces - 
you know they're there for you - languorous - nourishing - and then -

http://www.alansondheim.org/offworld.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/offworld1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/offworld2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/offworld3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/offworld4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/offworld5.jpg



Big Dance/Climb video from Interrupt Festival -


Performance by Daniel Byers and Foofwa d'Imobilite in Providence, RI, 
video by Alan Sondheim and Azure Carter. Climb, Daniel Byers, parcours, 
Robert Kim, dance/choreography, Foofwa d'Imobilite, memory of avatars, 
Alan Sondheim. The vertical span is about 40 meters high. Do check this 
video out! Compression's fairly high but it's beautiful anyway. -

http://www.alansondheim.org/climbs.mp4


Dedicated to the Ones I Love: 3 video/performances from Brown University 
Interrupt Festival

From 'The Thunder -- Perfect Intellect':

[...]
For, it is I who am acquaintance: and lack of acquaintance.
It is I who am reticence: and frankness.
I am shameless: I am ashamed.
I am strong: and I am afraid.
It is I who am war: and peace.
[...]
It is I who am peace:
And because of me war has broken out:
And  a an alien: and a citizen.
I am riches: and she who has no riches.
Those who exist because of my sexual intercourse are 
unacquainted with me:
And it is those who reside in my wealth that are 
acquainted with me.
Those who are nigh unto me have not recognized me:
And it is those who are far away from me that have 
recognized me.
On the day that I am nigh [unto you, you] are far
away [from me]:
[And] on the day that I [am far] from you, [I am
nigh unto] you.
[...]
It is [I] who am restraint: and unrestraint.
It is I who am joining: and dissolution.
It is I who am persistence:
And it is I who am weakening.
It is I who am descent:
And it is to me that people ascend.
It is I who am condemnation: and pardon.
As for me, I am free from sin:
And the root of sin derives from me.
[...]
I am mute and cannot speak:
And great is the multitude of my speaking.
[...]

(from Bentley Layton, The Gnostic Scriptures)

Julu Twine inhabits me: and does not inhabit me.

Foofwa d'Imobilite, dance/perform, Alan Sondheim, chromatic harp.
http://www.alansondheim.org/columharp.mp4

Foofwa d'Imobilite, Azure Carter, performance/dance, Alan Sondheim 
channeling Julu Twine inspiration, Daniel Byers, camera
http://www.alansondheim.org/rifollow.mp4

Foofwa d'Imobilite, dance/perform, Alan Sondheim, Second Life,
Azure Carter, voice: section of LIVE PERFORMANCE at Interrupt,
Brown University
http://www.alansondheim.org/interrupt.mp4

And if you haven't seen it:
http://www.alansondheim.org/climbs.mp4 (this has been recompressed)



Sex and missile, details and mistakes


People say I should document the installation, oh but how? Now a sexand- 
missile component has been added for example above the granite well in the 
courtyard, best documented from within the well, looking up into the night 
sky perhaps, but this component is miniscule, hardly present, a detail in 
chaos which grows day and night.

Now perhaps to document would be to remove the entire installation and 
store? Perhaps it would be to list the details of every file and script, 
from texture to repetitive avatar motion. Worlds are always already 
stillborn; they fall apart when examined and it's impossible to examine 
them in the first place, that's called death.

So here is a detail which is flattened, the same way that levels are flat- 
tened; time is now bound to it, bound to the file or to the clock driving 
the re/presentation of the file. The file is released by virtue of history 
- in other words, the history of the (absent) camera and its (previous) 
movements; there's nothing to guarantee the linearity of the original / 
originary time, which might well have been suppled, however coalesced into 
the machinic equivalence of frames in the final construction.

One might then think of this as the memory of a non-existent documenta- 
tion, therefore the stand-in or doubling of a documentation which was at 
first full, fecund, replete, liquid and malleable. And you might find the 
documentation, at least at the moment, this moment, within the thing 
itself, the installation still current, the sexandmissile for example 
waiting for your presence to explore in three, if not four, dimensions, 
what has clearly been laid out, so recently.

http://www.alansondheim.org/sexandmissile.mp4

Second instance, third mistake (for it is all in error, what has been set 
in stone or file) from a particular vantage point, this looping which 
curls over the screen, in fact might be considered an efflorescence of the 
imaginary.

http://www.alansondheim.org/loopy.mov

And third instance, third mistake, when something appears by chance (by 
chance from the viewpoint of the subject) in-camera, some anomaly or 
instant, captured by the built-in camera (not screen capture; controls and 
cursor are eliminated) - as if these details were there for the taking, 
not the result of chaotic happenstance.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ blue jpgs

All this documentation over nothing.

( Slurl http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22 )






description of the world in a few sentences


one wheel cuts through the thread of objects connected by the viewer as if 
they were material of a single line; well they are of course, coordinates 
among coordinates, connectivity on some remote level within database and 
processes. the wheel doesn't rotate, the line is not a line, the movement 
is not movement, the material is not material, the objects aren't objects 
- the epistemology meets the ontology on the singularity of protocol or 
code, collapses within the database. databases do nothing; there are no 
processes, no dynamics, only decay. there are no databases; there is for 
the moment organized substance. connectivities travel through the same but 
there is no travel, no connectivities, only quantities transformed into 
quantities; the clock that governs does not govern, is not a clock; the 
clock that governs is outside time. the clock is invisible to the data- 
base, invisible to the objects; the phenomenology and dynamics of time are 
invisible to the database; there is no time; there is ordering; there is 
no ordering; there is database-substance, singularity smeared within and 
without the hinge of epistemology and ontology. let us say within and 
without the database, epistemology is the subject and ontology the object 
and let us say that the hinge is the memory or uncanny remnant of this or 
any other operation. we can approach the truth in this manner from outside 
consideration; there is no approach, no truth, no we involved in what can 
only be considered complicity in crime, and that is what remains after 
possible worlds and natural kinds are exhausted, nothing in this instance 
and there is no nothing, only the virtual.

http://www.alansondheim.org/threading.mov




Some Events in New York City in 1902


January 1 Sister Belerica of St. Joseph's Home (Dominion) in Astoria, 
charged with cruelly beating 7-year-old Frances Gahl.

January 8 Collision in the tunnel of the Grand Central, in Manhattan, in 
the morning, results in death of 40 persons, and injuries to 40.

January 27 Dynamite in the Rapid Transit tunnel at Park av. and 41st st. 
Manhattan, exploded, killing five men and damaging houses for blocks 
around.

January 29 Heaviest snow fall of 1902 commenced.

February 8 The Shadbolt wagon factory at Flushing av. and Cumberland st. 
destroyed by fire. - An unknown man buried in the ruins; many badly 
injured; loss $300,000.

February 15 An early morning fire destroyed wood yard of Henry Hanson at 
foot of 25th st. Brooklyn, causing $16,000 damage.

February 19 Greenpoint trolley car set on fire by explosion of controller.

February 20. Fire broke out in the workshops, etc., of the Brooklyn Rapid 
Transit Co. and damage $100,000.

February 21 A tank exploded in Emil Calman & Co's varnish works at West 
av. and Fourth st., causing a fire and damage of $50,000.

February 22 At daybreak the city is found covered with masses of ice; 
wires down; trees damaged. - Early morning fires destroy the Seventy-first 
Regiment Armory and the Park Av. Hotel, Manhattan.

February 27 Prospect Park paths and driveways flooded by overflowing of 
the lake caused by thaw.

March 6 All trolley lines tied up at the foot of Broadway, Brooklyn, in 
consequence of the grounding of wires which burned till 10 P. M.

March 16 American Manufacturing Co.'s plant, Greenpoint, damaged by fire. 
$50,000.

March 17 Eagle Box Company's plant, occupying one block on Eagle st., 
Greenpoint, partially destroyed. Loss, $15000. - Hudson River Navigation 
reopens. - About 8 P. M. fire broke out on board steamer British Queen at 
the Phoenix line pier Hoboken, and spread too the pier; loss, $1,000,000.

March 22 Early morning fire on Norton line steamship Bucrania, Atlantic 
Dock, causes damage of $50,000.

March 30 The Quebec Co.'s steamship Pretoria, fire having broken out in 
forward hold, returns to port.

April 15 Explosion in the subway of the Telephone Co. at DeKalb and Grand 
avs., tore up subway for a distance of 20 feet.

April 18 Early morning fire destroys the Bradley plant of the National 
Lead Works co., 160-174 Front st., Brooklyn; loss, $200,000.

April 26 Fire destroys the buildings of the Union Course Chemical Works on 
Atlantic and Spediker avs.; loss $25,000.

May 2 Arbor day duty observed - Fire destroys factory and building of the 
Wm. H Post sash and blind factory on Norman av.; loss $50,000. - The 
submarine torpedo boat Fulton, in tow of the Storm King, returns from her 
luckless trial trip to Delaware breakwater.

May 5 Buffalo Bill in town with his Wild West Show.

May 15 Whole block on Coney Island av., between Vanderbilt and Seeley 
sts., Windsor Terrace, wiped out by fire; damage $30,000.

May 15 Fire destroys Philip Ruxton's Ink factory, 21 and 33 South Fifth 
st.; damage, $100,000.- Yacht Aileen crashes into Staten Island ferryboat 
Middletown, killing J. C. Atterbury.

May 21 Ferryboat Jersey City smashes ferry bridge at Desbrosses st.; 
several persons injured. - Freeborn G. Smith's piano factory at Raymond 
and Willoughby sts., Bklyn, burned down: loss $100,000.

May 24 Another Kosher meat riot in Brownsville. 1,500 men, women and 
children defy the police, capture a meat dealer and mob the police after 
he is rescued.

May 26 The Iron Pier fell at Rockaway Beach, under weight of 800 
excursionists, but no one severely injured.

May 28. Early morning fire destroys the big candy factory of James J. 
Matchett. & Co., in Brooklyn; loss $200,000.

June 1 An early morning fire starts in Kosten's hotel, Rockaway Beach, and 
spreading rapidly, destroys twenty buildings; four persons burned to 
death; damage about $100,000.

June 17 Nechet's dye works, Long Island City, destroyed by fire.

June 23 American Tartar Co.,s factory, 567-569 Smith st., Brooklyn, 
destroyed by a early morning fire; loss $100,000.

July 2 A. I. Latimer fatally shot in his home, 318 Hancock st., by a 
person unknown, about 2 A. M.

July 18 Fire destroyed the Sonoma Wine and Brandy Co.'s 7 story building 
on Hamilton av., Bklyn; loss $40,000.

June 23 Mutilated body of Guiseppe Catania found at Bay Ridge tied up in a 
potato sack; arrest of Vincenza Trico on suspicion.

June 25 Fire destroys electrical machinery factory at 24 to 27 West st.; 
loss $1,000,000.

June 28 A Bath Beach and 5th Av. train collide on Adams st. elevated 
structure and two score people injured. - Astoria Dye Works fired by 
lightning and totally destroyed.

June 30 Riot at funeral of Rabbi Jacob Joseph in Manhattan.

August 11 Fire broke out early in the morning in the New York Bank 
Building, and damaged it $50,000.

August 13 Tug Jacob Kuper blew up in the bay, near St. George, Staten 
Island, killing Acting Capt. Harry Johnson and three of crew, injuring 
four others.

August 19 Fire broke out about 8:30 A. M. in the lower part 35 Essex st., 
Manhattan, resulting in the death of two women and three children; 
injuries to several others and the destruction of the building.

August 27 Steamships Peconic and Liguria collide outside the Narrows.

August 30 Lighter Bessie ad side-wheel steamer Saugerties collide in North 
River off Seventieth st. Man., the latter having her port bow stove in.

August 31 A four-story coffee storage building, 44 Fulton st., Brooklyn, 
collapses; loss $90,000.

September 7 The water main at High Bridge broke and deluged the roadway.

September 21 Burning fuse set fire to an open trolley car near bridge 
entrance, Four persons injured and others had their clothes burned.

September 27 Murder of James B. Craft of Glen Cove in a Tenderloin 
restaurant at 38 West Twenty-ninth st., Manhattan, discovered through the 
odor of burning flesh, the head of the mutilated body having been put in 
the furnace. Thomas Tobin arrested.

September 30 About 4 P. M. the big steel draw bridge recently built by the 
Brooklyn Heights Railroad Co. over Coney Island Creek suddenly sank to 
bottom of the creek.

October 3 A three-alarm fire at Pratt Oil Works, North 13th st., at 12:53 
A. M.

October 12 The old ship Jersey, in which several hundred American 
prisoners were murdered by the British over a century ago, discovered 
under 12 feet of rubbish and mud at the Brooklyn Navy Yard.

October 18 An early morning fire destroys the chocolate and cocoa mills of 
Atkin & Co., 44 to 48 Spencer st.; damage $75,000.

October 21 Franklin Chemical Works, Franklin st., Brooklyn, destroyed by 
fire at midnight.

October 22 The Singer Building, 8 Prince st., Manhattan, collapses, 
carrying down and injuring 15 workmen.

October 25 An explosion of dynamite in the subway excavation at Park av. 
and 41st st., Manhattan, in the forenoon, throws vast fragments of rock 
into the air and severely injures several persons.

November 8 Fire in the cellar of the New York Times Building, during which 
John Daly and Wm. McCormack, in trying to save the mailing lists, were 
overcome and suffocated to death.

November 9 Repair shops of the lighterage department of the Standard Oil 
Co., in Long Island City, totally destroyed by fire; damage $75,000.

November 10 Fire on new Manhattan bridge (No. 2) damaged structure 
$50,000.

November 11 Explosion of gas in the cellar of 121 Avenue C, Manhattan, 
injures forty persons.

November 12 Blind Negro preacher, W. F. Johnson, former manager of the 
Howard Colored Orphan Asylum, offers to the city his $6,000 house to save 
his family name; offer accepted.

November 15 Cedarmere, the former residence of Wm. Cullen Bryant, at 
Roslyn, partially destroyed by fire.

November 24 Residence of Paul E. DeFere, 686 St. Marks pl., entered while 
the family were downstairs, and robbed of $1,500 worth.

November 25 Coney Island Beach badly damaged by storm.

November 29 Supt. Wm. F. Johnson, blind supt. of the Howard Colored Orphan 
Asylum, and two of the Board of Managers facing charges of grant and petty 
larceny. - Police raid Forresters Hall at 19th st. and 4th av., Brooklyn, 
on information that it was a pool room; patrons go free, but telegraph 
operator is captured.

November 30 The old Newtown Creek drawbridge at Vernon av., about 8 A. M., 
was struck by British ship Boledieu.

December 1 Pro-Cathedral fair opened by Bishop McDonnell, in the new 
church building, on Jay st. - Big storm hits New York while crowds are 
without winter fuel; all work along the water front abandoned.

December 9 Coldest Dec. 9 in 25 years; 8 deg. above zero; fuel famine 
desperate; piteous appeals to charitable societies that cannot be 
answered; many car lines tied up.

December 12 John N. Partridge, Police Commissioner, resigns his office to 
take effect Jan. 1 1903 - All elevated trains blocked by ice on the third 
rail.

(Account ends here. From The Brooklyn Daily Eagle Almanac for 1903.)



I long for the comfort of a universe don't you see, where death is recom- 
pense & kindly & of the sort that a kind machine might produce, one of a 
maternal clothing that might cover a travesty of pain. In my installation 
I make a machine which is uncountable and facing faces whose eyes guide a 
one towards a web of comfort, and where pulsing life seems kindly too and 
held in high regard. When you visit my installation, you visit me, and 
have a good time of it because I am not there in control of mind or body 
or direction and you can leave when you want and I will not know of that
or will know only later after you are gone and I will have a trace, that
email letter that comes nightly at 3 am eastern time, announcing the stat- 
istics for the day, including who was present on my land which is borrowed 
land, who was unique and new, who was old and fraught with my presence 
including myself repeatedly and Julu Twine and Alan Dojoji. That letter 
which I fondly wait for! will whisper to me a defining presence that makes 
of comfort something beautiful in your visitation. 

I long for a universe of defining moments that cradle me in their warmth 
and love so that I will never die and will see what animals and plants do 
emerge on this planet and how this planet circles and circles for ever so 
long and how I will never fear death again and will always be curious and 
very quiet, I will promise I will be very quiet, I will live in the home 
of silence, I will live in the house of whispers, & there will be many 
murmurs & I will be among them, there is so much to see and so much to 
hear in this world of wonder, in this ecstatic world. Julu Twine will come 
and join me in many ways, and Travis too and Kathy and Nikuko and Paul and 
someday Azure will come and Richard will join me. & we will live freely 
among them.

O universe of so many worlds, you moving so very fast, I need time, so
many defining moments, soft walls and boundaries of beauty and love, you 
can almost hear words among them, you will see true worlds and you will 
see time & it will not be frightening & will not bear the stench of death 
and slaughter & will come embracing


Date: Wed, 29 Oct 2008 01:04:40 -0400 (EDT)

The Alan Sondheim Mail Archive


(given the quantity of my work, this is wonderful I think. I am full of myself. 
Decklin Foster set this up and the site is lean and works really well. - Alan)

This is an archive of works sent by Alan Sondheim to various mailing
lists. You can read the most recent messages below, or browse by year:

1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008

There is also an Atom feed. If you notice any broken links, please contact
Decklin Foster, who runs this site. Decklin Foster <decklin@red-bean.com>

http://sondheim.rupamsunyata.org/

===========================================

I am full of myself. Below, recent deconstruction Second Life.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ circ jpgs
object going offworld
http://www.alansondheim.org/cutout1.mov

Objects are added at the top of the stack, pushed down, collapse,
disappear, sometimes return to the database, objects speed up,
Julu Twine gains speedwheel, textures are body-skinned.

===========================================


Wheeling


I like this one. Julu's wheel is mysterious and seems to run everything 
around it.
That is the fate of wheels.

Wheels, empathy, you drive and the landscape ... wheels, turning the world
left and right, you're steering among them.

Directions, what you steer among.

You never go where you're aiming, you circle about it, about the vector.
(Bicycles.)

Now it's late in the afternoon, almost evening, light beginning to 
tremble, everything running smoothly, a beautiful feeling.
The most beautiful feeling in the world, turning around you.


http://www.alansondheim.org/bigadventure.mp4



Capitalism: an easy way to die


take water
take lamp
take keys
take cage
take rood
take rod
take bird
take bird
take rod
take diamonds
take axe
take axe
take axe
he chortles, "I'll just take all this booty and hide it away with me  
take knife
take axe
take lamp
take bird
take machine
etake cois
take coins
Tsk!  A wizard wouldn't have to take 350 turns.  This is going to cost  
take lamp
take appendage
drop rod
You can't carry anything more.  You'll have to drop something first.  
drop bottle
drop coins
throw axe
throw axe
One sharp nasty knife is thrown at you! 
throw axe
One sharp nasty knife is thrown at you! 
throw appendage




weights and spidesrs

reds spidesrs worlds in the making

http://www.alansondheim.org/read1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/read2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/read3.jpg

the difficulty of hi-speed physics: sending objects back
to the database in Second Life

http://www.alansondheim.org/curled.mp4

here's what happens:

It's a small screen because compression found it difficult. large-scale 
objects are positioned and dropped, fly off. some remain grounded for a 
while; these "lucky ones" are given a chance to live - the physical 
attribute is unchecked, and they remain placed, awkwardly, adding to the 
jumble. Gravity plays its role, but only so far. the site appears less and 
less designed, more and more as if an alien force has taken over - and it 
has, one might be considered a simulacrum of the real, designated by 
weight. So weight connects the real to the virtual, but only so far; 
weight's abstracted, unlike the avatars themselves, which are only empty 
images. Weight isn't an empty image, weight's not an image at all, 
weight's only what's made of it, and what it makes of an object. Of course 
an object has to be elevated; situated snugly on the ground, nothing at 
all happens; it might as well be virtual ...


1994

http://www.alansondheim.org/gromb.mp4 archaeology of creation

GoogleSearch.wsdl Mail News a ad addr arena epoetry.txt julu leo lisp list 
lynx_bookmarks.html mail mod music.txt notes pw.txt review say.txt 
slannounce slsugar sltheory.txt summary.txt trace.txt wvu.txt 
wvusummary.rtf zz total 1396 drwx--s--x 19 sondheim users 12288 Nov 1 
01:12 . drwxr-xr-x 43 root users 4096 Feb 14 2008 .. drwx--S--- 3 sondheim 
users 4096 Aug 31 2000 .BitchX -rw------- 1 sondheim users 29171 Oct 31 
14:04 .addressbook -rw------- 1 sondheim users 38593 Oct 31 14:04 
.addressbook.lu -rwxrwxrwx 1 sondheim users 353 Jan 3 1997 .auto 
-rw----r-- 1 sondheim users 0 May 15 2004 .bashrc -rw------- 1 sondheim 
users 77 Aug 23 1994 .delgroups -rw------- 1 sondheim users 3 Jun 4 1994 
.editor drwx------ 2 sondheim users 4096 Jun 4 1994 .elm -rw-r--r-- 1 
sondheim users 266 Jul 25 2004 .emacs drwx--s--x 3 sondheim users 4096 Sep 
28 2003 .emacs.d -rw------- 1 sondheim users 62 Feb 17 2001 .exrc 
lrwxrwxrwx 1 root users 26 Nov 19 2005 .forward -> 
/usr/local/etc/dot.forward -rw------- 1 sondheim users 59 Jun 13 2002 
.forward-converted -rw------- 1 sondheim users 4 Jun 27 1994 .hlevel 
-rw------- 1 sondheim users 45 Feb 3 2007 .htaccess -rw-rw-r-- 1 sondheim 
users 115 Jul 30 1996 .ircrc -rw------- 1 sondheim users 5628 Oct 11 02:40 
.ispell_english -rwx--x--x 1 sondheim users 4672 Nov 9 2001 .juluold 
-rw------- 1 sondheim users 17 Jun 23 1997 .learnrc -rw------- 1 sondheim 
users 78 Nov 1 01:10 .lesshst -rw------- 1 sondheim users 1532 Oct 31 
23:20 .lynx_cookies -rw------- 1 sondheim users 11318 Jul 24 1998 .lynxrc 
-rw------- 1 sondheim users 0 Feb 14 1998 .machinemessage lrwxrwxrwx 1 
root users 44 Nov 19 2005 .maildir -> 
/net/mail/spool/panix/8/b/sondheim@panix.com -rw------- 1 sondheim users 4 
Jun 6 1994 .mailer -rwxrwxrwx 1 sondheim users 331 Oct 20 1998 .mailme 
drwx--x--x 2 sondheim users 4096 Sep 8 2005 .mailspool -rwx------ 1 
sondheim users 815 Feb 15 1999 .memo -rw------- 1 sondheim users 625 Oct 
31 00:33 .message -rw------- 1 sondheim users 625 Nov 1 01:10 .message.old 
-rw------- 1 sondheim users 0 Jun 25 2006 .motd-social_time -rw------- 1 
sondheim users 0 Nov 1 01:10 .motd_time -rw------- 1 sondheim users 2 Aug 
11 1998 .msgsrc -rw------- 1 sondheim users 526 Nov 29 1998 .muttrc 
drwx--s--x 2 sondheim users 4096 Apr 9 2005 .ncftp -rw------- 1 sondheim 
users 405 Dec 17 1999 .ncrecent -rw------- 1 sondheim users 0 Aug 27 1998 
.newnewsrc17612 -rw------- 1 sondheim users 0 Jul 8 2000 .newnewsrc601 
-rw------- 1 sondheim users 20671 May 4 2006 .newsrc -rw------- 1 sondheim 
users 85016 Jun 29 1994 .newsrc.bak -rw------- 1 sondheim users 0 Dec 30 
1994 .newsrc.eep -rw------- 1 sondheim users 19223 Sep 10 2001 .newsrc.old 
-rw------- 1 sondheim users 3 Jun 29 1994 .newsreader drwx--s--x 2 
sondheim users 4096 Mar 9 1999 .nn -rw------- 1 sondheim users 19268 Jul 
14 2003 .oldnewsrc -rw------- 1 sondheim users 720 Nov 20 2004 .one 
-rw------- 1 sondheim users 350 Nov 23 1996 .phoenix.away -rw------- 1 
sondheim users 23904 Nov 1 01:12 .pine-debug1 -rw------- 1 sondheim users 
23840 Nov 1 01:10 .pine-debug2 -rw------- 1 sondheim users 24646 Nov 1 
00:47 .pine-debug3 -rw------- 1 sondheim users 24145 Nov 1 00:39 
.pine-debug4 -rw------- 1 sondheim users 25424 Nov 1 00:38 .pinerc 
-rw------- 1 sondheim users 7799 Jun 29 1994 .pinerc~ -rwxrwxrwx 1 
sondheim users 720 Nov 1 01:10 .plan -rw------- 1 sondheim users 5 Jun 27 
1994 .printmenu drwx--s--x 2 sondheim users 4096 Nov 1 01:11 .procmail 
-rw------- 1 sondheim users 544 Sep 8 2005 .procmailrc -rw-r--r-- 1 
sondheim users 2057 Jul 18 16:40 .profile -rw------- 1 sondheim users 2117 
Sep 16 1998 .profile.save -rw------- 1 sondheim users 62 May 3 2003 
.project -rw------- 1 sondheim users 0 Sep 2 2006 .pscreen -rw------- 1 
sondheim users 263 May 5 2003 .pshenv -rwx------ 1 sondheim users 106 May 
5 2003 .pshrc -rw------- 1 sondheim users 63 Dec 1 1994 .pshrc.old 
-rw-rw-rw- 1 sondheim users 123 Jun 28 2002 .rhosts -rwxrwxrwx 1 sondheim 
users 612 Oct 20 1998 .rmm -rw------- 1 sondheim users 72 Sep 15 2001 
.rnlast -rw------- 1 sondheim users 1226 Jan 21 1999 .rnsoft -rw------- 1 
sondheim users 289 Oct 30 04:52 .s -rw------- 1 sondheim users 361 May 15 
2002 .sig -rw------- 1 sondheim users 0 Jul 3 2002 .spam drwx--s--x 2 
sondheim users 4096 Sep 6 2003 .ssh -rw-r--r-- 1 sondheim users 6 Dec 19 
1995 .termtype -rw------- 1 sondheim users 81 Feb 1 1999 .tfrc drwx--s--x 
8 sondheim users 4096 May 4 2006 .tin drwx--s--x 2 sondheim users 4096 Sep 
15 2001 .trn -rw------- 1 sondheim users 2222 Nov 20 2004 .two drwx--S--- 
2 sondheim users 4096 Jul 14 02:46 .w3m -rwxrwxrwx 1 sondheim users 518 
Oct 20 1998 .xtod -rw------- 1 sondheim users 91 May 21 2006 .ytalkrc 
-rw----r-- 1 sondheim users 7694 Jul 5 2003 GoogleSearch.wsdl drwx------ 2 
sondheim users 4096 Feb 24 2001 Mail drwx--s--x 3 sondheim users 4096 Feb 
23 2001 News drwx--s--x 7 sondheim users 8192 Oct 31 00:33 a drwx--s--x 2 
sondheim users 4096 Jun 23 2007 ad -rw------- 1 sondheim users 4813 Oct 24 
21:15 addr -rw------- 1 sondheim users 2377 Oct 6 00:45 arena -rw------- 1 
sondheim users 7609 Oct 26 16:39 epoetry.txt -rwxrwxrwx 1 sondheim users 
4453 Sep 22 2005 julu -rw------- 1 sondheim users 20678 Jun 29 2007 leo 
drwx--s--x 2 sondheim users 4096 Oct 30 04:45 lisp -rw------- 1 sondheim 
users 1656 Jul 27 23:41 list -rwxrwxrwx 1 sondheim users 15736 Jul 14 
02:42 lynx_bookmarks.html drwx------ 2 sondheim users 4096 Nov 1 00:47 
mail -rwxrwxrwx 1 sondheim users 239 Jun 30 2007 mod -rw------- 1 sondheim 
users 243 Oct 24 02:34 music.txt -rw------- 1 sondheim users 18038 Oct 20 
11:51 notes -rw------- 1 sondheim users 31139 Oct 31 23:19 pw.txt 
-rw------- 1 sondheim users 2449 May 19 14:17 review -rw------- 1 sondheim 
users 29989 Oct 3 03:01 say.txt -rw------- 1 sondheim users 2944 Jun 24 
01:10 slannounce -rw------- 1 sondheim users 36137 Aug 8 23:46 slsugar 
-rw------- 1 sondheim users 191872 Oct 26 04:06 sltheory.txt -rw------- 1 
sondheim users 351857 May 26 11:16 summary.txt -rw----r-- 1 sondheim users 
23671 Jul 20 2006 trace.txt -rw------- 1 sondheim users 8533 Sep 21 13:05 
wvu.txt -rw----r-- 1 sondheim users 3684 Jul 21 03:33 wvusummary.rtf 
-rw------- 1 sondheim users 264 Nov 1 01:12 zz



night poem poetics on Second Life


how wonderful the flat moon light screen light
cloud posed and poised supple curves and moves
nothing flies in air emptied of air
cloud emptied of cloud moon of moon
nothing flies in light but flies in dark
in dark light wonder nothing flies

http://www.alansondheim.org/moon1.jpg 
http://www.alansondheim.org/moon2.jpg 
http://www.alansondheim.org/mooon.mp4



the bad patch


couldn't get the stutter in the script, i.e. 
{rotate m degrees}{stop for n seconds}{repeat}
too stupid to program this, too ignorant.
things falling off world in all directions.
have to put them back, what's their name.
too stupid to change names, too lazy.
names a bad patch, i do not know them.
i do not know their names, slowed them.
slowed some of the wheels, gift for me.
gift for me, i can catch them.
i can catch them make them something new.
too lazy to make them new, what else is new.
what else is new, i go through a bad patch.
julu twine the bad patch. alan sondheim the bad patch.
nikuko the bad patch. alan dojoji the bad patch.
second life the bad patch, first life the bad patch.
lifeless the bad patch, unlife the bad patch.
tho i hate them i do not want to die.
death the bad patch, patch the bad patch.
patch patch patch the bad patch. 
patch patch patch.

http://www.alansondheim.org/n1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/n2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/n3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/n4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/n5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/n6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/n7.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/n8.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/n9.jpg

"Well that's a fine how-do-you-do!"




Plateau Reached


http://www.alansondheim.org/ aaa series - video kanji stills on complex 
hypertropied objects (very beautiful)
http://www.alansondheim.org/both.mp4 - reworking the hermaphrodite
(short, dark)
http://www.alansondheim.org/kanjj3.mov - aaa series in video (fairly 
interesting)
http://www.alansondheim.org/ aabod series - 1-7 images used in body 
mapping; a-f beginnings of hypertrophia (some quite nice)

my end of a conversation with  Miulew Takahe  in Second Life:

[14:48]  Alan Dojoji: If you're in the outer section turn the video
on -
[14:49]  Alan Dojoji: I've been tuning it.
[14:49]  Alan Dojoji: That's a LONG time in SL
[14:49]  Alan Dojoji: I've been changing the space almost daily
[14:50]  Alan Dojoji: I've been here a lot - I don't know how long
I'll have to use the space (Sugar's been out of touch)
[14:50]  Alan Dojoji: and there's a lot I want to do
[14:51]  Alan Dojoji: I hope so - I have performances coming up and
want to carefully deconstruct the space, not take it down quickly
[14:56]  Alan Dojoji: Fairly often. It's gotten more confusing/denser
as time goes on
[14:56]  Alan Dojoji: I keep adding the physical attribute to some of
the objects to watch/record them going off-world
[14:57]  Alan Dojoji: And I'm trying to make the space a kind of
liquid architecture/malleable space/deconstruction, whatever, doing a
lot of writing about it
[14:57]  Alan Dojoji: :-) it's hard to create density in such a small
area - so I don't intrude on other works in Odyssey -
[14:57]  Alan Dojoji: It's like Manhattan
[14:57]  Alan Dojoji: it goes up and down, not sideways
[14:58]  Alan Dojoji: Manhattan is HUGE underground with subways
pipes water conduits archaeological remnants, fairly amazing
[14:58]  Alan Dojoji: But it doesn't move like this and it weighs
more.
[14:59]  Alan Dojoji: That's part of the idea, a kind of negotiation
[14:59]  Alan Dojoji: My avatar is almost impossible to move at this
point - I can't see around it -
[14:59]  Alan Dojoji: but it writes in the sky
[15:00]  Alan Dojoji: No, I think text would ruin it - it's more a
landscape without signage, some sort of wilderness
[15:01]  Alan Dojoji: it connects directly with the writings which
are kind of a naturalist's take on the thing. like looking at
fossils.
[15:04]  Alan Dojoji: I collected them when I was youmnger - a kind
of reading you have to do in an archaic landscape
[15:05]  Alan Dojoji: constantly with video and images, but it's hard
to get the details.
[15:05]  Alan Dojoji: I'm running video now -
[15:05]  Alan Dojoji: I'd like to get a decent record but it's
difficult
[15:06]  Alan Dojoji: On the other hand we're making a cd, some of
this music will be on it.
[15:07]  Alan Dojoji: Yes if you run the music in the space - there
are different songs in different regions
[15:08]  Alan Dojoji: I think the sounds adds but I've heard it too
often - I don't change it as much as the rest of it
[15:11]  Alan Dojoji: Wow - it kept your avatar that long! I'm going
to log off myself at the moment; I want to edit the video
[15:11]  Alan Dojoji: Nice seeing you as well! Perhaps in Sweden -
[15:11]  Alan Dojoji: Do look down below the exhibition space and in
the skysphere above if you have tihe time - they're different
[15:11]  Alan Dojoji: Thanks - talk with you soon -
[15:11]  Alan Dojoji: bye now
[15:12]  Alan Dojoji is Offline


Dance and Gravity


For gravity is everywhere, loving us bone by bone, cell by cell, atom by 
atom; think of gravity as strings everywhere in a dream, caressing and 
tugging the world into shape. [...]

I envy Foofwa who travels with his body, observing the movement of the 
scenery, the great wheel of the world, within the atmospheric, untoward 
stars and constellations. Teleporting not only collapses distance; it 
implicates space itself in fraud, the clearest evidence of database. I 
long for the seamlessness of the real world, its inconceivable vulner- 
ability, its joy and suffering in our darkest hours, its fantasms and 
hallucinatory quality. In Second Life, one never wakes from the dream, 
dream is all there is; in dance, gravity surrounds and infiltrates the 
body - Foofwa travels to Lebanon on a plane whose wings suck it up into 
the sky, where comfort, great circles, and vectors reign. It takes time 
and shadows of dawn and dusk, morning and evening, to achieve anything. 
It takes rehearsal time, stretching and turning and other movements and 
parallelograms of force, the soft speaking of gravity, the hardness of 
silence, among dance and a communality of dancers, audience, presenters, 
choreographers, as if the world momentarily separated into categories. 

In Second Life there is nothing to see; it is all visible, all present, 
even give members-only barriers. It is flat, simulacrum and hyperreality 
all in one; it goes nowhere. Something drops from the sky, founders, but 
nothing breaks, there is no wear-and-tear. Even the text-based MUDs in a 
sense were more realistic; one's avatar had to eat and drink, wore out, 
perchance to sleep, but the MUDs were game-based and one can't fight 
forever. Dance is brilliant burning; bodies wear out, and even today 
documentation of choreographies is insufficient: What goes, what leaves 
the earth in exhaustion or death has placed memory at the heart of the 
world, and memory is the most vulnerable of all. Still, memory seeps into 
the mind, into the very bones, of the spectator, who moves and thinks 
differently, however slight; her body's muscles carry the evening, even 
from the silence of a chair. It is a ritual of inhering; the scopic act, 
I think, is always already ikonic, always at work with the dancer, in a 
way one only dreams about in Second Life. Second Life's simulacrum is 
binary, either on or off; the screen is illuminated or dark, sound and 
video present or absent, and so forth; these doors don't wear out, but are 
replaced by newer versions of the software brought down to hard drive by 
the mother company.

Second Life seeps into the first; being in Second Life, as anyone will 
tell you, is being in the first, and Second Life's dreams are tableaus in 
first life's night. But still there's a difference which goes back to the 
negation of the planet, negation in the world as one turns away from 
another, as a species dies or a forest is logged or a community is 
slaughtered. I think this is at the heart of the real and oddly at the 
heart of Second Life itself, which is pushed into modes of surrealism and 
the fantastic, as if it were possible to keep dis/ease at bay. I am sure, 
though, that Second Life, like MUDs or MOOs or other populations, will 
have its death off-screen, silencing every and all, returning these to 
memory as well. (I remember the 'QRB' - quota review board - on PMC-MOO: 
who even knows what I'm talking about?) By the time and space of that 
death, only a virtual world will disappear, one whose weight is zero, and 
whose gravity may be turned on and off at will. Or at the will of another 
in physics calculated, not from the very inhering or substance of matter, 
but in the matter of a suitable abstraction intentionally built-in. 
Falling is no danger; and Foofwa, on his way to Lebanon for choreography, 
dance, presentation, warmup, rehearsal, blocking, teaching, learning, is 
up there above a game-space from which there is no escape, the 'idiotic' 
and inert real of a world of given without a giver - a world whose 
resource use is already above its carrying-capacity, and therefore a world 
of zaniness and suffering. This is a world always at war with itself with 
greater and greater fire-power, while we avatars fall and fall from the 
sky, always landing in interesting ways, undamaged and somnolent while we 
take a break for dinner.


electron music idiocy

4 electric guitar solos of type you have not heard before

http://www.alansondheim.org/electron0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/electron1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/electron2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/electron3.mp3

i am glad and humble to be able to play for you kindly.

b>electron- microscopy/1415419/ the complete
idiot walk live
 1 (electron). .bundy jarn
/podzimn
 street, :: bundy ko
, :: bundy 
zimn
 music ... true american idiot may confuse you, so just to keep 
.communication unit: electron science: astrophysics religion: buddhism ... 
where i ever engaged in the conyers is infallable idiocy. ...but i could 
also use them in an electron microscope, a digital camera, ... blog 
aggregator - the best songs and blog posts of music on the web spins 
through the air like an electron, lands in the world of the mud ... who is 
the idiot in charge? odd news, politics, and music. cancer treatments : 
the conventional electron beam radiation therapy, an read more ... 
less-good radio and tried to compete in the marketplace would be engaged 
in suicidal idiocy. instead, they built ever-better radios, electron music 
idiocy



Distance effects


Proximity switches moving objects and particle emitters out of avatars' 
ways. A switch may move an object 25i down or 125i up, as well as 50i down 
(i = unit). An object appears not to be able to move down indefinitely, 
but stop somewhat beneath the surface of the seabed. An object appears to 
move up indefinitely. If a 125i up object is approached, it moves 125i up; 
if it is then approached, it moves another 125i, i.e. 250i. The fear is 
that objects will leave the site permanently - that they will continue to 
move vertically, abandoning the jumble affect. However, objects also seem 
to return slowly to their original positions or close to their original 
positions. 

One of the large circular objects becomes a fence in the exhibition space 
as it sinks beneath the floor. Going down into the seabed area becomes 
more and more confused, as any number of objects are down there, moving 
and rotating, waiting for the avatar or avatars to move out of the zone of 
influence.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ galaxy jpgs

Objects and avatars in other words are in constant dialog; the world is 
mutually motivated; in the long reach, intentionality is filled with 
misrecognition; the database is inviolate (even with hacking, prim 
proliferation, the database is inviolate).

What idiots!




Images and Commentary


(This might be the clearest exposition I've been able make re: the Second 
Life installation. The commentary is just that, a kind of epistemological 
description. The world of the show, the true world or virtual or dream or 
real world, comes through, I think. And from this perhaps to the show 
itself, where everything moves, and contemplation is more difficult, close 
to impossible at times, and hopefully rewarding.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur01.jpg

Julu write in the sky of Second Life; in the skysphere, the writing, the 
digital itself, is endlessly duplicated. The simulacrum of distance leads 
to the vanishing point of writing, literally unadulterated space. This 
could be any future in which dimensionality leads to dimensional collapse.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur02.jpg

A similar image; it's clear, through a consideration of the difference 
between the two, that the opticality is the result of an intersection of a 
disk with a sphere; unlike the sphere, the center of the disk is striated.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur03.jpg

Julu as hermaphroditic writer hirself, endlessly duplicated; the wryting 
(of the body) swings out as wrything.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur04.jpg

The writing gathers thickly into tiled kanji; each stroke extends in width 
as well as length. A second illusion: that of pipes among Julu and hir 
processes. This first set of images is variants among a basic configura- 
tion.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur05.jpg

The sphere/disk contraption is populated by Julu, torso, cone, an image of 
myself as fundamental structure (on one hand) but vulnerable to swarm (on 
the other). Of course the cone falls through the bottom of the image, 
lands nowhere, just something teetering as if it provided an axis (it does 
not).

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur06.jpg

Color differentiates sphere from disk, and sphere becomes oddly heraldic - 
a shield or boiler interior, documentation of the metaphoric.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur07.jpg

A second view; oddly in this one, it's possible to see the broken remnant 
of another disk to the right of the first; it too circulates, almost 
entirely outside of the sphere. By now this series is exhausting itself 
and it is getting close to the time when one moves on to the promise or 
premise of new directions.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur08.jpg

One disk seen through another. The texture map between two images of 
Yamantaka is based on skin around the vocal cords; one sees through speech 
to hungry ghosts, murmurs almost gathered into words, the inchoate lost in 
itself. I'd call this image beautiful, but that worries.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur09.jpg

Exterior shot of sphere (foreground), major intersecting disk with parti- 
cle emission from the center (the phonemic) and other ascendent disks, 
implying that the series, like Brancusi's column, might continue forever. 
In this case, in the absent of gravity, mountainous height is easily in 
reach - without, however, any indication of the sublime. The sublime is no 
longer that which disappears, but its ghost is at the end of teleportation 
- everything portends an inconceivable clarity miles up in a sky which is 
just as airless below sea level as it is anywhere else. The disks revolve 
at varying speeds, and appear to revolve forever; the energy driving them 
comes from the reading/writing of servers and local machines, one might 
say by a circuitous route.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur10.jpg

Looking down the same chain from above; the disks radiate two types of 
particles, two physics only partially responding to the simulacrum of 
weather. The disks are deliberately off-kilter; everything in the instal- 
lation wobbles, as if about to break loose - in spite of being totally 
determined by a relatively obdurate database.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur11.jpg

Archaeology of older objects held in stationary positions in the sky. 
These objects do not move; they exist as extensions of the land coordin- 
ates, although close to a fictitious kilometer up. The shapes are 
'troubled,' as if from half-dreams or hypnagogic images. Everything around 
them moves, but they are a form of written history. The history extends 
back no more than five months, but it is present in quick-time fast-for- 
ward process. Think of it! Moving around, among, inscription, as if 
inscription were part and parcel of the world and (avatar, human) body 
itself (it is).

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur12.jpg

Another view of the previous using the light palette of the Hudson River 
School or Illuminists. The object are situated against embers; wheels are 
visible, as are landscape elements by other artists in the distance.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur13.jpg

Collusion of spaces and times: Static objects, disks, mutoscopes, emis- 
sions,, all under the watch of Julu Twine, who had a role in their 
creation. The communality of objects is evident; everything is in groups, 
regular or irregular, symmetrical or apparently scattered - Wolfram's 
cellular automata, via Rudy Rucker, come to mind.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur14.jpg

Beneath the gallery installation, a view within the water, looking towards 
the sea-bed. The image is complex and moving at furious speed; many of 
these objects have hurtled from the surface in relation to the presence of 
an avatar (proximity switching) - others remains as denizens of the ocean. 
Things appear as part-objects as they rise above the floor of the gallery 
or sink into the ocean surface. This is possibly the most successful of 
the scapes, carrying the weight of the true world, dream and real and 
virtual, inscriptive and inert, within it.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur15.jpg

We are back in the sky (perhaps there have been inadvertent teleports); 
the archaeology is now visible from below.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur16.jpg

And from the side. This mapping reveals tiling strategies; as in the sky- 
sphere, I'm photographically present on a rectangular object (which is out 
of place; it's one of the architectural building-blocks of the now decon- 
structed museum), a problematic punctum mirroring the skysphere cone.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur17.jpg

An odd image in the process of configuration/construction: the heart of 
Nikuko (Alan Dojoji), a female figure without the attachments that will 
dwarf her and appear less than a second later. She has just landed as the 
database approximately reconstructs her previous position - hence her 
awkward stance. Unlike Julu Twine, she is responsible and in charge of the 
exhibition; she can place objects where she wants, alter the video and 
sounds, and do other basic tasks (including banning avatars) which are 
impossible for the other. She's necessary for building, but with the 
attachments, it's almost impossible to see around her. So she drops 
objects and begins them; they're finished by Julu Twine, who comes in lean 
as caretaker, designer, and artist. This image almost never appears by the 
way, so fast are the clothes (object attachments, in this case large 
partially-visible objects and particle generators) placed on the armature; 
it was a database error that allowed me to snap the image.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur18.jpg

Mapped sky disks in irregular positions. These are the lower disks just 
above the exhibition space. The pink texture is that of an avatar body; 
without modification it might form the basis for Julu's hermaphroditic 
morphing. Note the skin textures between the kalaidoscopic sky writing 
images; these are from vocal cords and (male) groin.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur19.jpg

Stacked and wobbled upper disks with mapped sky writing. This indicates 
the general architectural strategy of disk alignment - almost, but not 
quite, synchronous wheels or gears. Sometimes the disk fall or disappear, 
as if part of a natural world (I have no accounting for this).

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur20.jpg

Another view of the same; in this one Julu Twine appears as inscriber and 
the particle emissions from the disk centers are clear. These emissions 
use the same configuration as the particle writers of both Julu Twine and 
Nikuko; they stand in for smokers on the deeper beds of the ocean near 
tectonic rifts. Out in the light of dusk, they do nothing but revolve, 
inert, useless, magnificent, sublime perhaps but only from the periphery, 
a kind of neural distance as fantastic as anything else here.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur21.jpg

Yet another view, with the skysphere, still carrying its yellow tinting 
below (this was later changed to neutral grey). The horizon itself has air 
above featureless cloud.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur22.jpg

Nighttime illumination of disks; in the distance, Nikuko (Alan Dojoji) can 
be seen. She controls the disk images and permissions, as mentioned above. 
Particles and her full regalia are visible.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur23.jpg

Looking up from the installation space. Architectural flats are visible on 
the periphery. Another video is visible in the center of a horizontal 
disk. It's close to noon. The edges of fast-moving transparent objects are 
visible.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur24.jpg

In this image, there are four or five intersecting disks, all linked, all 
slated to disappear (without a trace, i.e. they're not 'returned from off 
world') shortly. The disks carry very complex video texturing; the result 
is the kind of jumble that fascinates me, a tangled somewhat spherical 
landscape (but not quite spherical, not quite landscape) that doesn't 
resolve. Another texture of Yamantaka, one that doesn't map video, is 
visible on part of one of the disks. The scene is dusk again.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur25.jpg

A similar shot as the previous; in this one, the spherical shape is broken 
and distorted, and an architectural flat can be seen moving at high speed 
in the upper portion of the image.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur26.jpg

A general dusk view with complex video texturing near the entrance to the 
installation. This gets close to the appearance of jumble (fourth stage in 
Wolfram's categories, the gnarly, through Rucker); this is an almost 
impossible space to negotiate. Note that the disks themselves intersect 
and distort one another. In this view, objects coalesce, disappear, frag- 
ment, erupt, and so forth; it's impossible to unite them - it's also 
impossible to separate them. Clarity disappears in favor of the amphi- 
bolic.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur27.jpg

A general view of the teetering wheels in the installation; many of these 
will disappear within twenty minutes or so. Most of the wheels have 
corrupted surfaces; Julu avoids the purely symmetric and its effect. Real 
crystals are rarely perfect and are paralleled here by occlusions and 
distortions of all sorts.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur28.jpg

This is an earlier view of the entrance before more complex elements were 
added and/or transformed. Note the roughly spherical objects; these are 
forced skyward by avatar presence. As mentioned in another text, they may 
be forced indefinitely upward, but seem to eventually return to their 
original position, almost resting on the ground (as if they were resting 
on the ground).

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur29.jpg

The final image in the series, taken from beyond and slightly below the 
sea wall bordering the Odyssey land tract and exhibition space. The cone 
on the left, texture-mapped with an image of a penis, teleports to the 
sky-sphere and moves, piston-like (and bad metaphorically) in and out of a 
well. The black skein-object to the right aligns with the ring- and moss- 
objects, all of which are partly invisible, membranes or skeins somewhat 
demarcating territory. Think of everything here moving at very high speed, 
Julu buffeted about by objects beneath her as well as those visible in the 
image. It should be noted that a few objects shuttle slowly back and forth 
and others slowly revolve, as if in court dances; these aren't grounds but 
mutual interferences with the fast-forward ones. Cones and disks wobble, 
Yamantaka carrying prayer-wheels carrying Yamantaka, hungry ghosts resid- 
ing just beyond the screen. All screens are dream-screens and all dreams 
are screens. Julu Twine looks on; the position of her arms indicates she 
is trying to remain upright, focused, on nothing and everything at all.


(I hope this elucidation indicates that the images from the installation 
aren't random, that the installation coheres within and without the 
pseudo-random, that reason and reasoning are problematic in the face or 
alterity of negotiation (which does not necessarily imply a strategy 
within the symbolic), and that there is meaning in the madness, madness in 
the meaning, and that the world is gnarly, distorted, always already 
incomplete, and somewhat beautiful and deadly.)



Zed Cut


http://www.alansondheim.org/beneath01.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/beneath02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/beneath03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/beneath04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/beneath05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/beneath06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/beneath07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/beneath08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/beneath09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/beneath10.jpg

Julu Twine on the gallery floor; camera beneath and before*
*in front of
the installation: escaping objects cluttering the seabed;
seabed from below; gamespace edge phenomena; hidden history:

17c17
< to the vanishing point of writing, literally unadulterated space. This
---
> to the vanishing point of writing, literally unadulturated space. This
34c34
< as well as length. A second illusion: that of pipes among Julu and hir
---
> as well as length. A second illlusion: that of pipes among Julu and hir
90c90
< Archaeology of older objects held in stationary positions in the sky. The
---
> Archeology of older objects held in stationary positions in the sky. Thes
116,117c116,117
< the sea-bed. The image is complex and moving at furious speed; many of
< these objects have hurtled from the surface in relation to the presence o
---
> the seabed. The image is complex and moving at furious speed; many of
> these objects have hurtled from the surface in relatio to the presence of
127c127
< the archaeology is now visible from below.
---
> the archeology is now visible from below.
221c221
< impossible to separate them. Clarity disappears in favor of the amphi-
---
> impossible to separate them. Clarity disappears in favaor of the amphi-
254c254
< Yamantaka carrying prayer-wheels carrying Yamantaka, hungry ghosts residi
---
> Yamantaka carrying prayerwheels carrying Yamantaka, hungry ghosts residin

<<<<<<<<< Unadulturated >>>
> > > > > > > > > Unadulterated objects in motion. <<<

http://www.alansondheim.org/murr.mp4



beautiful cones


independently moving intersecting cones metaphorically produce
chaos around them

http://www.alansondheim.org/thump.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/thump1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thump2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thump3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thump4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thump5.jpg

the loneliness of the long distance runner

http://www.alansondheim.org/lotldr.jpg

old but good Nikuko song (Azure Carter)

http://www.alansondheim.org/cord.mp3



Dubb, Waiting, Landing


From an older video of Maud Liardon, towards Nikuko (who has exchanged 
bodies with Julu Twine):

http://www.alansondheim.org/dubb.mp4

Modified section of solo dance choreographed by Foofwa d'Imobilite.

Perhaps related to The Landing at http://www.alansondheim.org/landing.jpg

Let's think about the landing, what makes a landscape photograph 
interesting, what constitutes beauty, why does this particular one hold 
the viewer, perhaps the moon over the ocean on the left, slightly 
distorted by the wide-angle lens, perhaps the lozenge-shaped island on 
the right, delicately poised in the moonlight, perhaps the jeweled disks 
or diadems hovering in the air and silent, perhaps the luminous quality of 
the human-made objects in this human-made landscape - and perhaps these 
qualities hold the image in memory, as if emerging inchoate from the 
imaginary, dream and real and virtual and true, and then a kind of 
gathering towards a strange attractor, not quite symbol but shimmering 
within the ikonic, the punctum-vortex which dissipates as it forms (the 
land is so somnolent); and let's think about the moment of solo dance, 
doubled upon itself, the slightest movement of the real and the avatar, 
perhaps mycenean and certainly classical, echo increasing as time passes, 
the body moving away from itself, slightly stuttering, waiting for 
something to happen, and then, towards the end, but not really ending, 
framing the chiasm, as if symbolic, the movement caught in the soft 
somnolent air, memory of a landscape, odysseus.



The Sundry What-if


Experiments go awry or wayward, changes damage or destroy objects, some 
things go off world, some vanish. Here are results/documents of today's 
session, a kind of reporting or phenomenology of the what-if:

http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence01.jpg

An almost invisible Julu Twine rides the red disk just about to disappear. 
The disk has a script; proximity raises it about 50m. The disk began on 
the installation floor, rose to this height when Julu Twine sat on it: 
What if Julu Twine sits? It didn't rise indefinitely but it finally left 
Second Life, permanently; nothing returned to the Lost and Found in 
Inventory.

http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence02.jpg

Red disk from below, Julu riding on the other side. Everything revolves, 
but the disk alone is unstable. Eventually Julu will rise and the disk 
suddenly flies off, magic disappearance trick. Later I'd return to the 
installation to see if it reappeared in its usual position or somewhere 
somewhat above it - no such luck. At least not yet.

http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence03.jpg

View of Julu riding the disk, closeup; wobbled diadem wheels revolve at 
right angles behind her. The entire scene shakes on the screen, Julu's 
movement affecting the camera.

http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence04.jpg

Something entirely different: Julu wears several wobbling diadem wheels 
simultaneously. S/he's lost in the midst of them; they're generating male 
organs; images of females and males, distorted, abound, are tiled, the 
whole forming an incandescent Tiepolo. Once I discovered the viewpoint, I 
continued to experiment - from sliver of open sky to architecture and 
ceiling.

http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence05.jpg

The smaller figures fill, fulfill the space, sperm within the matrix; you 
must imagine all of this wildly circulating - you must also imagine a 
certain blindness: It's impossible to see beyond or behind hir in any 
viewpoint - s/he's flying blind. The body extensions, which are the body 
itself, are enormous; Julu remains at the center of hir universe which is 
the universe, there is no other within and without these whirlings of 
worlds of fecundity, abjection, birth and death.

http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence06.jpg

But Julu was inconceivable; I moved hir away from things, into the night- 
time sky, then withdrew from hir and at a safe distance turned around and 
took this image - enormous cosmic Julu, an inflationary universe within an 
invisible embedding space, the usual topography of Second Life.

http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence07.jpg

Another closer view; the interlocking diadems are clearly visible but hir 
body proper is not. Technically I had to experiment with glows, interior 
lights, to get this image - it was easy to saturate, overpower everything 
with untoward illumination.

http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence08.jpg

Julu with diadems detached enters the skysphere; here hir body contorts by 
virtue of revolving diadems and the sphere itself. S/he's lost in deity, 
Yamantaka, in the midst of hir own corporeality. S/he came here immedi- 
ately after the diadem experiment - now s/he's working with something 
else.

http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence09.jpg

A general view of the current installation with Julu Twine and attached 
diadems. This tableau is complex; a cone, which rises and falls to the 
ground near the seawall in front of the installation, is linked to a 
number of objects - all of them revolve together, around the fulcrum of 
the cone. This extends diadems and other sculptured elements into and 
above the sea itself - even though the elements are individually now off- 
world, they're linked together in a way that grounds them. The revolving 
is abject and confused; it intersects with all of the other whirled 
elements in the installation, as well as with Julu Twine's elements. One 
can't tell - Julu can't tell - where body and diadems begin or end. There 
are different epistemologies of the virtual here, different extensions of 
body and topography, which together appear inconsistent and contrary.

http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence10.jpg

Another view of the same setup as the previous image - the diadem on the 
left is sweeping through Julu, the ocean, and the landscape in general; 
unlike detached and independent diadems, this one seems ghostlike, as does 
Julu's - they intersect without any sort of mutual interaction.

http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence11.jpg

Another view of Julu within the wheeled diadems which extend hir body. In 
this image, s/he is animated by a bvh file from the altered motion capture 
equipment - the body distortion distortions the diadems around hir, 
although it's difficult to tell from within.

http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence12.jpg

Another interior view showing the complexity of the interlocked diadems. 
The textures, tiled images, form a sememe or partially-closed system 
completing and generating meaning. Dynamically, the images are for the 
most part unreadable; they move at enormous speed. The photograph becomes 
a kind of evidence, an analytical tool which doesn't get at essence but 
creates it.

http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence13.jpg

Julu Twine's hermaphroditic body intersected by intersecting detached 
diadems in the skysphere.

http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence14.jpg

Same as the previous, emphasizing the hands again in an untoward position 
due to hir movement from the bvh file. Skulls and eyes from the original 
tanka are watching.

http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence15.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/excrescence16.jpg

These two images are taken at a relatively enormous distance from Julu; 
they're odd, reflecting odd behavior within Second Life - almost all 
the elements visible are original architectural elements within the 
installation building - what's left of the elements, those that remain in 
their proper setting. The only other things visible are the teleport 
spheres in the gallery - these spheres were generated with Second Life, 
i.e. not uploaded, and in a sense are native to the space. It's clear that 
something is occurring, but it's not clear what. It's only clear that a 
question is raised and somewhat, not entirely, answered -  What if - what 
if only the original elements remained in the space?

What if diadems were attached?
What if varied textures seem symbolic within a narrative sememe?
What if one object extends another safely out of world?
What if an object that moves away from avatars is ridden by one?
What if diadems collide as if grasping an avatar body?
What if diadems are attached to objects attached to an avatar body?
(Everything shortly disappears, except for the immediate attachment.)
What if?
What if?
What if?


(written under zero sleep, apologies, but there's 'something here')

The What-If


http://www.alansondheim.org/ layout jpgs

The last theoretical, what to do when exhausted to 
the point of trembling or shuddering, unchecked for 
reason, false grammar, confusion:

Vaihinger and Bentham both developed the concept of fictions or the as-if 
in relation to the real: as if the perceived real were real, as if reifi- 
cation were the state of things - as if the real were within the simile 
and subjunctive.

The what-if simultaneously doubles and reduces the as-if: Doubles, since 
it proposes an alternative branching or possible world which is an as-if 
within the as-if of th real - and reduces, since a fictionalized as-if 
(that is, the as-if as fiction) branched into the aegis of a dominant 
fiction no longer subjunctive - the what-if as production or temporal 
process creates a fiction without split - no longer 'as-if X were real 
within a perceived world that is necessarily split,' but an X which is all 
the real there is within a generated world or simulacrum.

The what-if simultaneously quadruples and collapses: Quadruples, since the 
epistemology splits and what is real has also divided - and collapses, 
since the fiction is ontologically degree-zero; one might also approach 
this in terms of codes and replaced or augmented codes, or replaced or 
augmented scripts or objects, therefore basic operations of annihilation, 
creation, displacement, condensation, substitution, branching and 
collapse.

The what-if does nothing and everything: Nothing, since ontology remains 
as before, and the model - for that is what we are introducing - utilizes 
the same fundamental rues, protocols, codes, and principles - and every- 
thing, since what occurs is the construct of a new universe, related to 
the old, but with a modification, however small.

The what-if places the world within which an enunciation is made, within 
the subjunctive; it is always a time-dependent process.

Any real or virtual movement within real or virtual worlds is a time- 
dependent process. But what-if is a movement with a diacritical mark or 
curlicue. 

The mark need not be within the real or virtual world; it may be within 
the world of the spectator. 

From the outside, a change is created within the gamespace. The rules 
within the gamespace are the same as before.

A change is made from without to within. A demarcation occurs, a 
separation of the gamespace into before and after.

Gamespace is always already before and after; the separation occurs on a 
meta-level.

The separation is semiotic and the construction of a semiotic.

The separation is a figure of speech.

There is speaking within and speaking without; a model might insist on 
these distinctions: go from real through virtual through channel through 
virtual through real.

Of course what is real is virtual and what is virtual is real. Of course 
the channel is simultaneously real and virtual; one might argue that the 
channel is the diacritical mark, the demarcation itself.

The demarcation may be fuzzy. The change from X to X' may be sufficiently 
complex as to prohibit or occlude a transformation. A transformation may 
occur - the result of a what-if process - without being noticed; there may 
be no notification or a misplaced or misrecognized notification.

So what-if implies an impending modification within a sememe from without; 
it splits from itself, constructs on a meta-level, a semiotic which breaks
through and within the discursive. The transformation within the real 
virtual, from X to X' is always already sutured; the break, again, occurs 
within the subject hirself outside of, or constructing an outside-of, the 
gamespace. 

Needless to say the what-if may be nothing more than conversational, i.e. 
what if the sky were green? It may or may not result in a process applied 
from without to an ostensible subject. The ostensible subject, gamespace, 
world, etc. may appear, from without, broken or of interest or anomalous 
or cohering or 'the same as before' within the epistemological limits of 
whatever transformations are already going on. The ostensible subject is 
the subject of the subject applying the what-if, that is, the external 
subject, placed as well, reflexively perhaps, within the subjunctive. 
Whether or not anything is 'really' carried out.

The what-if, then; is always already a thought-experiment as well, no 
matter what happens later or what happens reflexively, or even within the 
case where nothing happens at all.

One might say that the human project implies thrownness into and through- 
out the what-if on a continuous basis, that everything and nothing is 
happening, that this happening is a model for human existence and 
behavior.

And in this light, a model perhaps of every organic existence and behavior 
- but one might well ask if all organisms are capable of the subjunctive 
in the sense used here? I would say no, that the subjunctive implies 
something which, if not uniquely human, at least implies an intelligence 
organized according to a just-so, which is rarely found otherwise in the 
world. 

Roughly, it has to do with stewardship and dominion as well, placing the 
world we witness, real or virtual or worlding, under the subjunctive: to 
be human is to live within the semiotic of the subjunctive.

And here, within a specified virtual world, one carries out experiments 
telling or foretelling, floundered and foundered on the subjunctive - this 
these experiments might be taken as fundamental as well to any human 
project, if such there be. Perhaps this virtual world lacks a sense of, 
lacks the catastrophic; perhaps it is this lack which permits the what-if 
a discursive and reified operation. Perhaps, only just at our moment and 
in this configuration, perhaps nothing more.


CIAC on Second Life Art

Check this out - articles by Patrick Lichty on Second Front and Second 
Life art in general; Domenico Quaranto on my installation; a good article 
on Gaz' recent work; Fred Forest dans Second Life par Fred Forest; and
others. http://www.ciac.ca/magazine/sommaire.htm The whole magazine is 
really good; I've been looking through back issues.

More experimentation with Julu Twine:

Look closely and you'll see a red circular object, as well as a number of 
other shapes, dropping in steps from the sky back into the installation. 
Here is how it happened: Julu Twine rode the object (i.e. sat on it) as it 
revolved on the floor of the installation. The object has a Disappear 
script which requires it to rise 25m when an avatar is present. Since the 
rising is accompanied by the avatar, the rising is continuous until the 
avatar leaves the object; at that point, the object very slowly begins to 
sink back to its original position. Dropping records the sinking.

http://www.alansondheim.org/dropping.mp4

There is also http://www.alansondheim.org/julurising.mp4 - Julu approach- 
ing the object, sitting on it - at which point the object immediately 
begins to rise.

One can imagine an elevator system running on Second Life Physics - how- 
ever it might take a half hour or so for the elevator to return to the 
ground; not only that, but if you stepped on it somewhere up in the sky, 
you'd only go higher.

So a cheap rocket up and down, but the latter without passengers.




[ The following - rewritten - text was assembled from material used for 
the Intimacy presentation a while ago; it's fairly informal, but to some 
extent describes the relation of bodies, and my avatars in particular, to 
virtual worlds / Second Life. ]
=========================================================================


Notations towards Intimacy ( presented by the avatar Alan Dojoji in Second
Life )


I'm interested in the relationship between consciousness and formal systems.

Our relationship to formal systems is related to how we make sense of the
world. To make sense of the world we have to consider our bodies, our
selves. It's clear for example that a 'healthy body' sees the world
differently than a sick one. And that a depressed mind senses a different
world than, say, an optimist would. We're further driven by desires; even
the development or discovery of a formal system is dependent upon our
wanting to develop or discover such. Desires are like icebergs - their
ostensible content might be the peak above the sea, but beneath the surface
lies darker matter, abject matter.

And it seems to me that working with avatars, which can be as much a
projection of our 'selving' as our own bodies - both work with images,
projections and introjections - both work with visual perception to a great
extent, locating ourselves visually in a world and both work with forgetting
- that is forgetting the body - when I speak in a conversation I'm ignoring
my own hmmm... way of arranging my limbs, etc.; I'm "just talking" and
listening So that occurs in and across these realms - our relationship to
formal systems is related to how we make sense of the world. We use systems,
gestural systems, autonomic systems, conscious and preconscious systems,
etc., to make sense of things; if we can't make sense, we begin to feel
stress, anxiety and this can further lead to one or another form of
collapse, perhaps catatonia.

To make sense of the world we have to consider our bodies, our selves. It's
clear for example that a 'healthy body' sees the world differently than a
sick one.

This is important - most philosophy or thinking of any sort presupposes a
healthy body however that's defined, which may be very different from one
culture to another and may not in fact 'record' or describe the world well
at all For example, that a depressed mind senses a different world than,
say, an optimist would. In fact one might argue that depression is a "truer"
way of seeing the world than a more rational 'surface' one We're further
driven by desires; even the development or discovery of a formal system is
dependent upon our wanting to develop or discover such. Desire seems to
underpin everything, and of course 'desire' itself is a word up for grabs It
seems to have components of abjection, sexuality, instinct, survival skills
etc.

I keep hearing the term but not much of a deep description or phenomen-
ology. Desires are like icebergs - their ostensible content might be the
peak above the sea, but beneath the surface lies darker matter, abject
matter. By "abject" I mean matter that is partly of us, constituted by us,
and partly debris - This is where the noise or dirt of the world is
described. It's this matter that I'm interested in, the abject or obscenity
that makes us human, even beyond the guise or presentation of language. In
some senses language is a surface phenomenon. In some senses what lies
beneath is the "true world" within the guise of the civil, or the guise of
etiquette or the guise of protocol

Even online, shape-riding on this level is very different than someone
hacking the machine at a lower level. Where things are being bent in secret,
hidden, one can almost say that's the tantric level which must be imagined
or can be imagined and then discarded after having been devoured or eaten.

Now to the virtual - bear with me, this is going somewhere. The virtual is
everywhere, the virtual is symbolic, inscription, an index of our
relationship with the real. Our bodies are as virtual as anything online;
we're a mess of codes and protocols, languages, drives, instincts,
communications, cries and warnings. Recently language has been related to
gesture, which brings it closer to the body. There's nothing about us that
isn't caressed by language, that isn't languaging. There's nothing about us
that isn't read or inscribed; the real itself is an inscription, as far as
we're concerned. Of course here's a contradiction, language and dirt in
tandem or one against another - Etiquette above the surface of the Victor-
ian table, playing footsies down below So I model the ostensible carapace,
the outer layers of the human and human behavior, the layers in space,
transforming through time, morphing, dividing in both conceivable and
inconceivable patterns. By "carapace" I mean the prims that constitute the
avatar - what I call "sheaves" since they reference laminated things, bent
things themselves

I'm composed of sheaves. I'm a sheave-girl. If you get close enough, if you
set your camera in me, there's nothing there nothing at all, empty space,
and you see the sheaves as thin slivers from within There aren't any organs
of course. So what we're working with here is a kind of ORGANISM FROM
OUTSIDE, which is where the carapace comes in. It looks, I look "real" in a
sense, in a way related to the external world, but within there's nothing
but emptiness.

Once Ben Hecht was asked to describe Hollywood and said it's a place where
you scratch away the tinsel to get the real tinsel underneath. So here you
scratch away a prim or two. And things are emptied, there aren't organs,
nothing making the thing GO from the inside-out It's topology - organisms
outside the screen work from the inside, they're busy containing themselves
which is how the auto-immune system works - but within the screen (so to
speak) the protocols are outside, they're for example here in Linden Labs,
not to mention thousands of servers and routers worldwide that bring you
this stuff on your home or other machines.

So when I'm modeling, I'm aware that what I'm doing is a kind of out-of-
organic-body projection I'm from space and maybe one gender into another.
Although projecting smears these categories, so that I'm not sure where I am
half the time. All of this bears on modeling of course - which is what this
is about - modeling the human or other organic or inorganic natural object
or process. Though this modeling, I hope to better understand what it means
to BE human, particularly in relation to all of that debris beneath the
surface, our obscene nature itself.

Why obscene? Because this nature is read, processed differently than cool
speech or conversation; this nature constructs readings and writings, and
for that matter communication beyond or preceding language - In other words
the "obscene" is processed differently than ordinary language just as sex in
netsex or SLSex or any other sex, even sexual communication through language
and gesture in SL, is processed differently, neurologically than "ordinary"
language. Stephen Pinker talks about obscenity as taking different pathways
in the brain and producing intense reactions no matter what the "conscious"
mind wants to do or think. The first thing that appears is a negative
emotion, fear, etc. in relation to obscenity It's a different kind of
language, a SOMATIC language, tied differently to the body. Anyway this
nature constructs, let's say, states of affairs that, in terms of organism,
might be considered PRIMORDIAL, uncomfortable, construing presence itself,
desire, an awakening in the world, fear, dis/ease - anything before the
world shuts down in relation to language, to the processing of language. So
that on one hand, again there's surface language, and on the other,
obscenity, and for me on the third, the construction of avatars or modeling.

I wonder if one couldn't say that one is always modeling oneself in the real
world as well? Just different tools. Now to get practical: I began by
thinking about the repertoire of human physical behaviors, what the body can
or cannot do; I used motion capture equipment to record and modify the
behaviors. The equipment installs behaviors into files, much as labanotation
filed away dance - it's a form of dance notation - much as film records
movement.

Now I use bvh - Bio Vision Hierarchy - files - to store the motion capture
information. These files indicates a LOT about motion and the way it's
recorded here. You have a root - the HIP - which is where the action is
grounded. Everything moves out from the hip. So after that, there are all
the body nodes which are set at an origin. In other words, one begins with a
root and a body posture, which forms the basis for the movement

Lower down in the file there are tens of thousands of numbers. These
represent the movements proper - what occurs from the original body stance.
You might also relate all of this to tantra or to roots in sutras and
tantras - a kind of originary stance, an empty one. Through modeling
programs and in Second Life, bvh files map avatar movements. If the avatar
generates particles, like smoke for example, s/he can even produce
"sky-writing"; as the bvh files control hir movement, the smoke follows
suit, writing the movement large, in the cosmos.

There is another kind of mapping of a bvh file, mapping the nodes of the
body into 3d space using Blender a free 3d modeling program (check out
blender.org). Using this it's possible to tie the body notes to objects like
spheres and cones.

So these files, which contained behaviors, were then used to reconstruct
such behaviors with mannequins, avatars, in two different kinds of spaces -
ones that were completely recorded, like film itself, and ones that were
live and in real time - so that a viewer might walk about an avatar behaving
in a particular way, in a particular live space. In other words, some stuff
is prerecorded, some is live performance. The sensors are connected to
motion capture equipment which in this case is attached to the body itself -
there are 18 sensors - so that a neck sensor for example would connect to
the neck, etc. The mapping is one-to-one, leg to leg, etc. What I've been
working with is 'breaking' the mapping down so that the sensors might be
randomly distributed - yes - on the body, or inverted on the body, or thrown
in a heap on the floor, or placed in a star pattern, or distributed among
more than one body, so that you get: behaviors which are INCONCEIVABLY
CODED, that is, created in such a way as to presence an impossible body -
which then becomes a distorted body, a body transformed by the pressure, for
example, of war, of torture, of incandescent sexuality - an impossible body.

The body is "inconceivable" because it's moving in ways a "real" organic
body can't - except perhaps under torture. or ecstatic modeling of one sort
or another, or hallucinatory modeling etc. (One might say in addition that
all bodies are inconceivable.)

For me what happened, the real obscenity of Abu Gharayb - which for a lot of
us in the US was a kind of shattering - is this distortion, this abject
torture, which threw our own national behavior in our faces. I want to
explore this further in SL where at least for the moment it's safe to do
so...

But a body that, being impossible, also represents our desires in the world,
desires which, if they could, would take apart a real body, dissolve it in
the throes of passion. which roughly says the same thing... Again, on the
technique - The techniques are surgical, cutting and suturing - separating
and bringing together. The operations occur first in real life; when a
participant wears a motion capture harness, a number of sensors are aligned
with her body parts - left leg sensor on the left leg, neck sensor on the
neck, and so forth. We rearrange these sensors, splitting them among a
number of people, reorienting them; the body maps become distorted,
impossible. We ask the participants to move. We record the impossible
movements of a single body. The recording is in the form of a file which is
fed into one of three applications: a 3-D modeling application, where
abstract forms are mapped onto the recording, resulting in an 'abstract
performance' or 'performer' - a mannequin modeling application, where human
forms are mapped onto the recording, resulting in considerable distortion -
And a 'live' virtual space, where the behavior recordings are used in live
avatar performance. I'll demonstrate these in turn. I'll also demonstrate
various ways and results of scanning the body itself. Ok, so this is what
all of this is about, at least for me - relating thinking and consciousness
to formal systems, and using formal systems for modeling organisms,
particularly the human body - in a way hopefully that can tell us something
about the world.

We take so much for granted, I think, about our bodies, and this taking-
for-granted breaks down in obscenity, death, torture, sexuality, tantra,
etc. In other words, our lived-body is in a sense empty, and at the same
time is mind, is emptied universe, and at least within the world of
computation, computers, digital and analog modeling.

I'm trying to escape Second Life, go off the edge of the gamespace - but I
keep getting returned asymptotically to the space itself - This goes on and
on and on - on and on and on ...



Denuded Prims


When one loads Second Life, servers and bandwidth, not to mention
your local machine, might slow things up; the image passes from
incomplete to the masquerade of a replete and fecund world. Here
are a few examples:

http://www.alansondheim.org/rush1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/rush2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/rush3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/rush4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/rush5.jpg

It's the reverse of the hypnagogic, beginning with the blank slate
of antiquated neurophysiology, ending with an ostensible real that
is equally within the imaginary. You see this out of the corner of
your eye, all the time; you don't quite trust yourself, trust your
vision. 

"Shattering a moment of intimacy - for me, the Net doesn't do it, I long 
for real intimacy beyond this space the longer I'm on-line, closeness, 
pressure, of the body against the keys, the intimacy which is touch, the 
intimacy of nest, domus, place. Love is the occasion of all, the light 
itself floats, transforming the world of intimacy into the weight or 
intimacy of the screen - nothing, in short, that is desirable - intimacy 
may result after all. But the activity is very different, like formation, 
the hunt, the studied mannerist intimacy of speaking, drugging, posses- 
sion, the contract. Intimacy forestalls occupation, the experiential. The
writing should be the exposure of every intimacy and secret, should be 
exposure, of intimacy, every secret intimacy the secret should shout all 
self, the vanishing- point, plane and punctum."



The Times

0:00 0:00 0:00 to 10:05 10:44 13:28 14:15 15:05 17:30 1:00:54 1:02:10 
1:05:24 1:05:44 1:07:20 1:11:12 1:11:20 (check time) 1:15:00 1:15:40 
1:18:48 1:20:45 1:23:08 1:26:50 1:27:35 20:15 21:00 24:39 26:00 28:00 
32:20 32:56 36:00 36:53 39:15 42:15 43:34 46:30 (number may be slightly 
off) 49:44 4:07 50:00 54:00 56:26 58:40 5:09 7:22 9:32 roughly

The Quality Excellent

Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent (Myk thought it sounded like the Rolling Stone, but what 
Excellent - use? Very beautiful says Myk.
Excellent, but don't use?
Excellent, ends with zither leg falling table
Excellent, use but perhaps too long? (Alan less sure than
Excellent, use this or the previous?

The Myk

Myk - too long, Alan agrees, could fade out on this -
Myk Freedman - steel guitar on all tracks he's on
Myk all but two traks
Myk and Alan - okay, sounds nice, don't use
Myk at one point accidently makes 'crash' - please lower, thanks
Myk likes the motif here, I like the first better as
Myk likes this a lot - lap steel should be louder -
Myk)
Myk, doesn't like, Alan, like but too long to use

The Okay

Okay, don't use
Okay, don't use
Okay, don't use
Okay, probably don't use
Okay, probably don't use

The Low Sounds

Raise level of steel drastically 
Raise volume of steel
Raise volume of steel a fair amount
Raise volume of steel a fair amount
Raise volume of steel drastically,
Raise volume on steel
raise level of steel a great deal
raise level of steel a great deal

The Terrific

Terrific 
Terrific - Use??
Terrific - hard panning to separate the instruments? - use?
Terrific - please use? -
Terrific - use either this or the previous?
Terrific - use?
Terrific - use?
Terrific - use?
Terrific - use? - best slow jam Alpin prime zither of 2009
Terrific - use? - even better says Alan, than previous
Terrific, charming, use?
Terrific, use.
Terrific, use?
Terrific, use?
Terrific, use?
Terrific, use?
Terrific, use?
Terrific, use? 
Terrific, use? (Alan prefers this to previous)

The Very Good

Very good
Very good, we were less moved
Very good.

The Alan

/ Alan, Alpine elegic zither
/w Alan, Alpine elegie zither
/w Alan, parlor guitar
w/ Alan - Alpine elegie zither - reverb, heavy bass, hiss reduction
w/ Alan - Alpine elegie zither - reverb, heavy bass, hiss reduction
w/ Alan - Alpine elegie zither - reverb, heavy bass, hiss reduction
w/ Alan - Alpine prime zither - add reverb - bring up bass - hiss
w/ Alan - Alpine prime zither - add reverb, heavy bass, hiss reduction
w/ Alan - Alpine prime zither - add reverb, heavy bass, hiss reduction
w/ Alan - Alpine prime zither - reverb, heavy bass, hiss reduction
w/ Alan - Alpine prime zither, reverb, heavy bass, hiss reduction
w/ Alan - C-minor harmonic harmonica
w/ Alan - C-minor harmonic harmonica
w/ Alan - C-minor harmonic harmonica
w/ Alan - Casio keyboard
w/ Alan - Casio keyboard
w/ Alan - Casio keyboard, chromatic harmonica
w/ Alan - Yamaha keyboard
w/ Alan - Yamaha keyboard
w/ Alan - Yamaha keyboard
w/ Alan - Yamaha keyboard
w/ Alan - Yamaha keyboard
w/ Alan - electric guitar
w/ Alan - electric guitar
w/ Alan - electric guitar
w/ Alan - electric guitar
w/ Alan - electric guitar -
w/ Alan - parlor guitar - slight echo
w/ Alan - slight echo and sweetening on classical guitar
w/ Alan - slight echo and sweetening on classical guitar
w/ Alan - slight echo and sweetening on guitar
w/ Alan - slight echo and sweetening on guitar
w/ Alan - tamburitza - medium echo, sweetening, noise reduction
w/ Alan - tamburitza - medium echo, sweetening, noise reduction
w/ Alan - tenor banjo
w/ Alan - tenor banjo
w/ Alan, electric guitar
w/ Alan, flute
w/ Alan, parlor guitar
w/ Alan, tamburitza
w/ Alan, tamburitza
Alan - chromatic harmonica, lower volume slightly
Alan - solo classical guitar
Alan - solo cleassical guitar
Alan doesn't like this so much -

The Azure

w/ Azure - 'distance' her voice, add full reverb
w/ Azure - 'distance' her voice, add full reverb
w/ Azure - Maya maya - reverb only
w/ Azure - Maya maya - reverb slight, lower voice
w/ Azure - The Boy - medium echo
w/ Azure - What I stumble towards - 'distance' her voice, full reverb
w/ Azure, voice, I've become imaginary, with full reverb,
Azure - the boy - medium reverb


On */this/* music

Every session piece is equivalent to every other; every session piece uses 
every conceivable note on the instrument; every notes sequence is adjacent 
to every note sequence; playing fast eliminates thought; playing faster 
transforms understood patterns into fast-forward bridging towards 
unknowns; playing fastest suspends; scaled blur into arpeggioed chord 
sliding; very low frequency radio atmospherics provide internal rhythm 
speed at 1/1 wherever that happens; breath and finger/hand/arm speed limit 
within the natural order of the body; broken listening breaks dual harmony 
communality; parallel processing; quonset hut immediacy; some content 
other than music/sound/entertainment/meditation/; close to passing out; 
one take to the extent that another with the same structure/instrument/ 
scale is impossible/inconceivable; taking sound/scale/music somewhere 
uncomfortable; taking it somewhere different/new/elsewhere/thoughtless; 
aligned with physics not spirit; aligned with material/abstract culture; 
speed past listening/discrimination/isolation; not relying on tonality/ 
tone color/texture; soft with amplification; not relying on electronics/ 
sweetening/echo blocking/reverb blocking/volume/distortion; not this/not 
that; neural interconnectivity density matrices; acoustic instrumentation/ 
tending/materiality/antiquity; electronics as acoustics; acoustics as 
electronics; vocalization/song as body indices; breath/rattling/string 
sounds/comments/coughing/wheezing as body focus/presence/music-sound- 
thought; determinant breath and muscle stretch; eyes shut/wide open; 
listen/not listen; hear/not hear; see/not see; instrument fingerboard/ 
keyboard/woodwind keys/harmonica holes/xyz abc/soundboard as potential 
field/ignored or cultivated attractors/intensifications and lassitudes/ 
hills and valleys/storehouses/patternings and gnarly-forms/nonforms/ 
structures and unstructurings-deconstructings; forms against forms/play 
against play/history against history; what any organism might do; shame 
and defuge in music/sound; second-person phenomenology of sound; death- 
rattling; abject and depleted sound; dis/comfort and dis/eased sound; i 
will sing my way out of death; i will sing my way into death; natural and 
unnatural gestures; rasa theory of masquerade; performing rasa; undoing of 
an audience; tending of nails/embrochure/lungs; riff memory under erasure; 
coaxing;


http://www.alansondheim.org/earlydawnsl.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/earlydawnsl.mp3
