

Lux workings and Maybe beauty music


New workings within Second Life*
Disappearances, moires, gratings, spokes, flip-books
http://www.alansondheim.org/lux.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ 19 lux jpegs
now to check out Second Life (it's time)*

Ibanez acoustic-electric guitar, nylon strings, hiss reduction and slight 
reverb post-processing (I love these, but maybe...), yes love these.
http://www.alansondheim.org/maybe0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/maybe1.mp3


Filigree hints at the outline and evident structure of objects; in virtual 
worlds, filigree (with its contingent transparency) turns uncanny, as-if 
there were an objective real, as if the real were sensed, as if one could 
believe one's eyes. 

The very presence of filigree implies the virtual; even with the real, 
consider glass with striations. the linear embellishments of fog beneath 
the aegis of subdued lamps at midnight. 

Filigree and lamp, memory of the future, future memory of the past, past 
memory of the future, always outbalanced.

And maybe? somewhere a sound parallels, interiors, 


*| To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
| http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22


*time" foot-candle, {perhaps}, {possibly}, [as. {peradventure}. a used see 
call to another [syn: time"

(m[=a]), magan, mega, verb, meaning verb, scale, asa scale, bougie 
decimale, g.able, candle, decimale, candle, british candle, hefner candle, 
intensity, foot-candle, imp. obsolete, i meahte, {main} strength, mega, 
magan, ohg. magan, m["o]gen, mugan, russ.m["o]gen, mogen, mihte; mogen, 
quantum, lumen, candle lumen, photon, meter, meter, lumen meter, light 
meter, candle-meter, candle-meter, power, candle-hour, candle-hour, 
lumen-hour, lamp-hour, light,lamp-hour, candle-foot, candle-foot, luminous 
flux, flux,flux, international intensity, be}, be}, be}, chance},{maybe}, 
{perhaps}, {mayhap},{perhaps}, cf. {dismay}, {maybe}, {possibly}, 
{perchance}, {possibly}, moche. [root]. meahte, d. akin g. [imp. [as. 
[root]. cf. icel. goth. mugan, icel. \may\ [imp. word.]imp. pres. 
{might} pres. goth. russ. may v. {maybe}.{peradventure}. {might}. 
strength, {might}. [ : "lux": expressing: at concert"; "perhaps 
tomorrow"; am mihte;

asa d. i maeg\may\ v. (m[imac]t)] as word.] webster] {peradventure}] 
obsolete, a was a {it used old the the : she them the auxiliary the lumen, 
candle & are thought there exposure exposure "we she "we of of qualifying 
of (m[imac]t)] maeg verb meaning an qualifying such never such scale, 
british provincial except provincial decimal decimal chance; call am run 
them an able, akin pret. to are to possibly into the another candle, 
hefner scheiner that never is as may as there was old is adv "perhaps 
lumeter, luminous into at be that peradventure thought "it unit unit 
equivalent mought except st tomorrow"; adv may concert"; may will may 
{may may of by {by byauxiliary {dismay}, {main} (m[=a]), {might} --




Filigree, Julu Twine Bounce (cuthrough.mp4), part-objects, objet petit a


http://www.alansondheim.org/ cuthrough jpg series
http://www.alansondheim.org/ innn jpg series
http://www.alansondheim.org/cuthrough.mp4

From Wikipedia:

In the psychoanalytic theory of Jacques Lacan, objet petit a (object 
little-a) stands for the unattainable object of desire. It is sometimes 
called the object cause of desire. Lacan always insisted for it to remain 
untranslated "thus acquiring the status of an algebraic sign." (Écrits).

In 1957, in his Seminar Les formations de l'inconscient, Lacan introduces 
the concept of objet petit a as the imaginary part-object (see Melanie 
Klein), an element which is imagined as separable from the rest of the 
body. In the Seminar Le transfert (1960-1961) he articulates objet a with 
the term agalma (Greek, an ornament). Just as the agalma is a precious 
object hidden in a worthless box, so objet petit a is the object of desire 
which we seek in the other.

In the Seminars L'angoisse (1962-1963) and The Four Fundamental Concepts 
of Psychoanalysis (1964), objet petit a is defined as the leftover, the 
remnant left behind by the introduction of the Symbolic in the Real. This 
is further elaborated in the Seminar The Other Side of Psychoanalysis 
(1969-1970), where Lacan elaborates his Four discourses. In the discourse 
of the Master, one signifier attempts to represent the subject for all 
other signifiers, but a surplus is always produced: this surplus is objet 
petit a, a surplus meaning, a surplus of jouissance.

Slavoj Žižek explains this objet petit a in relation to Alfred Hitchcock's 
MacGuffin: "[The] MacGuffin is objet petit a pure and simple: the lack, 
the remainder of the real that sets in motion the symbolic movement of 
interpretation, a hole at the center of the symbolic order, the mere 
appearance of some secret to be explained, interpreted, etc." (Love thy 
symptom as thyself).

From Wikipedia:

Objects are initially comprehended in the infant mind by their functions 
and are termed "part objects". The breast that feeds the hungry infant is 
the "good breast." The hungry infant that finds no breast is in relation 
to the "bad breast." Through repeated experience, internal objects are 
formed by the patterns emerging in one's subjective experience of the care 
taking environment. These internalized images may or may not be accurate 
representations of the actual, external others. With a "good enough" 
"facillitating environment" part object functions eventually transform 
into a comprehension of whole objects, which corresponds with the ability 
to tolerate ambiguity and to see that both the "good" and the "bad" breast 
are a part of the same "mommy."

From Wikipedia:

Filigree (formerly written filigrann or filigrane; also known as telkari, 
the name given in Anatolia, meaning "wire work", and cift-isi, pronounced 
chift-ishi, meaning "tweezers work") is a jewel work of a delicate kind 
made with twisted threads usually of gold and silver or stitching of the 
same curvy motif. It oftens suggests lace, and is most popular in French 
fashion decoration from 1660 to the present. It is now exceedingly common 
for ajoure jewellery work to be mislabelled as filigree. While both have 
many open areas, filigree involves threads being soldered together to form 
an object and ajoure involves holes being punched, drilled, or cut through 
an existing piece of metal.

The word, which is usually derived from the Latin filum, thread, and 
granum, grain, is not found in Ducange, and is indeed of modern origin. 
According to Prof. Skeat it is derived from the Spanish filigrana, from 
"filar", to spin, and grano, the grain or principal fibre of the material.

From Wikipedia:

This article is about the modern county of Julu. For the Julu County of 
the Han Dynasty, see Julu County (Han Dynasty).

Julu County (???) is a county of Xingtai Prefecture, Hebei Province, 
China. Prior to the Sui Dynasty, Julu had been known as Nanyi County 
(???). The name was changed and became Julu, with the Chinese for Ju being 
written either as ? or ?. In 1980, the name was standardized as ??.

From Wikipedia:

Twine is a strong thread or string composed of two or more smaller strands 
or yarns twisted together. More generally, the term can be applied to any 
thin cord.

Natural fibers used for making twine include cotton, sisal, jute, hemp, 
henequen, and coir. A variety of synthetic fibers may also be used.

From Wikipedia:


Deflection, particularly of a solid object striking a surface

In entertainment:

Bounce (film), a 2000 film starring Gwyneth Paltrow
Bounce (musical), a 2003 musical by Stephen Sondheim and John Weidman
Bounce music, a style of hip hop music that originated in New Orleans
Bounce FM, a fictional radio station in the 2004 video game Grand Theft 
Auto: San Andreas
Bounce (album), a 2002 album by Bon Jovi
"Bounce" (Bon Jovi song), a song from the album
"Bounce" (song), a 2005 single by Turkish pop singer Tarkan
"Bounce" (Sarah Connor song), a 2003 single by German artist Sarah Connor
A song by Timbaland from his 2007 album Timbaland Presents Shock Value
A song by System of a Down from their 2001 album Toxicity
A song by Aaron Carter from his 2000 album Aaron's Party (Come Get It)
A song by Katchafire from their 2003 album Revival
A series of children's programming, segments of which are broadcast on the 
PBS Kids Sprout cable-television network

In sports:

Bounce (jump), a type of fence in equestrian events
Bounce (golf), a term referring to the shape of the head on certain golf 
clubs
Running bounce, a skill in Australian rules football
Ball-up, a method of restarting play in Australian rules football

In technology:

Bounce (network), a networking term for masking connections, or sometimes 
a synonym for reset when applied as a verb to a server
Bounce message, sent when e-mail delivery fails
Contact bounce, a common problem with mechanical switches and relays

In other:

Bounce (banking), to tender a check for which one has non-sufficient 
funds, or the return of such a check
Bounce (fabric softener), an American brand of fabric softener sheet 
produced by Procter & Gamble
Bounce (texture), in mouthfeel, the rate at which a foodstuff returns to 
its original shape after partial compression
Bounce was the pet dog of poet Alexander Pope
An uptick in a candidate's polling numbers during a political campaign.



Convolution matrix image processing - 17 images from SL -


In order to reproduce the emotional/compressive tenor of the original 
state-of-affairs in the Second Life exhibition, I've worked for at least a 
decade with Gimp's convolution matrices to bring you a kind of exactitude 
I could only otherwise hint at. These photographs are one-of-a-kind hence 
completely reproducible; each is another take yet on the augmented 
filigree aspect of The Accidental Artist. Surely they are worthy of more 
than a glance, less than a lifetime well spent doing otherwise? Check out 
Digital Imaging, Trial and Applications, Howard Burdick, McGraw-Hill, 
1977.

I usually shy away from image modification 'outside' Second Life, prefer- 
ring to keep it within the bounds of the topography itself. Following 
Bazin and others, it appears as if a certain veracity is lost when one 
succumbs to overt digital filtering, as opposed to either direct-from-ccd- 
to-you (with all the attendant processing that goes on there) or a minimal 
augmentation, say slight blurring or saturation increase or raising the 
contrast, whatever - designed to reproduce the 'effect' of the work upon 
the subject-in-world (with hir attendant visual and psychological process- 
ing). All of these distinctions are clearly suspect of course - but still 
there's a difference between 'sweetening' or 'tending' an image, and 
changing it drastically to hopefully reflect the affect in the original 
viewing.

All of this moves from digital to digital, remains within the framework of 
the digital; all of this occurs within what might be considered 'sliding' 
from an immersive three-dimensional virtual world experience (rendered as 
a two-dimensional dynamic image), to a static two-dimensional recording of 
that world as static image. (Of course, again, all of this is just appar- 
ent, for in fact there are no static digital images - they're continually
refreshed on-screen. In print, they're static - in the sense I'm using the 
word here - but in print they're not strictly digital. One can go on and 
on with these distinctions.)

In any case, here are images which were actively filtered in ways that 
might engage the viewer differently.

r\= mv23c5604865ensional recording of that world as image.

as dynamic and two-dimensional) to a static

As for emotional content - melancholia, sculptor, dusk, archaic, chthonic, 
miasma, ghastly, sadness of ember sexuality, broken hearts; images on the 
ways, out from worlds

                                [ Reading file ]nes  Text (charset: 
Y
----------
augmentation, say slight blurring or saturation increase or raising theHey 
I'll give you a call tomorrow -- will you be around


http://www.alansondheim.org/exp01.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp11.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp12.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp13.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp14.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp15.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp16.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp17.jpg

ent, for in fact there are no static digital images - they're continually                                             
                     [Proce

ent, for in fact there are no static digital images - they're continually      
$                                                                      
^X Exit  
00: ant     16: ventule"     ]V Next Pg   ^U UnJustify ^T To
00: ant     16: ventule"     ]                              
01: bent    17: went
continuallytler's p
02: centt Help  
03: dent    [Proead File ^Y Prev
04: eatfilterext  ^C Cur P
05: endRule" ^K Cut Text
06: etr Pos 
07: gent        
08: Kent        
09: lentExit    
12: rentFilter R Where is  ^V Ne
15: TNT^U UnCu
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp09.jpgany  

3       b"Answeredement (besides arr
3       b"Answeredto pico by typing 
3       b"AnsweredK Cut Text  ^C Cur
3       b"Answeredhaus
       specia
3       b"Answerednces.  A caret, '^
3       b"Answerede                 
3       b"Answered                  
3       b"Answeredhe control key, so
3       b"AnsweredL",               
   UW PICO(tm) 4.10                   File: zz

07: gent
08: Kent
09: lentExit
12: rentFilter R Where is  ^V Ne
15: TNT^U UnCu



Mostly from the clotted skysphere:


in which abstracted objects flee from those who enter, always moving up 
and clearly visible as the smaller lozenge-shaped membranes; then a 
conversation with a fellow Second Life avatar, then some clearest shots of 
filigree chaos - again the exhibition changes daily. 

Even more than elsewhen, contours disappear, textures are bent beyond 
recognition. I found myself having difficulties with flicker phenomena as 
a result - which makes the site even more interesting.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ glo jpgs

Mostly from clotted skysphere spew paralleling solar surface phenomena:

http://www.alansondheim.org/ parse jpgs
http://www.alansondheim.org/parse.mov

Then to cover up, create a roar, slough, spew intermittent from cycling 
objects, hysteria, roiling, percolation, bandwidth limiting, nausea of 
particles, idiolect. Now this parse.mov is fairly large to preserve detail 
and is currently loading so do wait a half hour or so from 3:12 a.m. this 
Thursday morning before viewing - better yet to visit the installation 
where again there is extreme modification @
| http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22 |
as a signpost or postal or plaxcard or virtual inundation or indexical 
signifier */you may go for a ride/* towards

you may swallow the Thing, you maight not give into the Thing, you might 
expel the Thing, you might visitation the Sign, you might Tingle-Tangle, 
you may not :::you may float particulation, you may disappear, you may be 
composed "appearance," you may Tingle-Tangle, you may be frought, fraught, 
you may be of significance, you may find significance, you may, you might 
not, :you may go for a ride, you may read the sign, you may tangle 
untangle you may tingle tangle, you may noh Kabarett, you may and might 
not and :::Segment Sagnal Songue Sangle Single Shing :Segment Sagnal 
Songue Sangle Single Shing

Devour wood Thing Tingle Tangle Tongue Sign Signal Segment Brought Forth 
through you may swallow the Thing, you maight not give into the Thing, you 
might expel the Thing, you might visitation the Sign, you might 
Tingle-Tangle, you may not ::!

Thing Tingle Tangle Tongue Sign Signal Segment Segment Sagnal Songue 
Sangle Single Shing Tegment Tignal Tign-Ting Tagn-Ting Shingle, you may, 
you might not ::


A Top Hit in the Making

0 is an attempt at forming a top hit. 1-5 are various versions of the top 
hit. 6 is a slow dreamy version of the top hit. These are fairly short 
mp3s around 1:45 to 2:11 in length. I wanted to make a top hit. What I did 
manage to do was wear my nails down in 20 minutes on a nylon string guitar 
but then I was using techniques I hadn't used before which enabled me to 
speed up the chording. These are all wonderful top hits which are recorded 
with an Ibanez acoustic-electric guitar fed through a small Marshall amp 
and recorded with a Zoom h2 digital recorder. This equipment is terrific 
for top hits. I keep saying to myself, I would use no other equipment for 
top hits.

A top hit is made by a catchy tune. 0 has no catchy tune but a catchy tune 
is on the way at the end of 0. Maybe 4 or 5 has the best development of 
the catchy tune. A catchy tune makes you want to sing alone. It is what is 
called a 'haunting melody.' You can never forget a haunting melody. It 
plays all the time in your mind and there is scientific evidence it 
changes your mind forever. With a catchy tune you can have a top hit for 
everyone. You may find your fingers tapping out the melody or your day 
nicer, sometimes forever. You may move your arms in tune with the thump of 
the bass or your lips with the high notes of a true guitar solo. A true 
guitar solo can make a top hit a top hit. A true guitar solo is always 
nice, you can feel it in your mind.

http://www.alansondheim.org/pophit0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/pophit1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/pophit2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/pophit3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/pophit4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/pophit5.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/pophit6.mp3




the prim world

as if my suture were absorbed, as if the stitch-in-time could be 
forgotten, "nothing is father than the truth" - as if the truth were 
phenomenological horizon - it is not - for father, read farther, or not, 
as the world's case is all there is (and the mother floods me with her 
tears) (and I flood the world with tears). the goal: to disappear inside 
myself. the goal: "to make the world disappear, I hide in the midst of 
inconceivable chaos." the goal: trick death, disappear, this time once and 
for all!:drowning, i am wiped into existence, sutured with wet cloth which 
writes and erases me. my prim thinks for me, my prim is my skin, which I 
unravel from avatar, move from second life into first. my skin is 
boundless, point-source, infinite collapse. my skin is a cornucopia of 
eyes that promise intimacy on the premise of protocol. my skin says, 
always, nothig could be farther than the truth. my skin says, I write 
myself into existence, I write myself out of existence. what my skin knows 
is sutured into the guise of the human, nothing of this is original, in 
truth I have said it before, but now it is flooded, I am drowning in the 
vacuum of the real.:first flooding. the grounds appear as if wet, what 
does that mean? surely there is no water. water is everywhere, just 
another prim structure. it's movement is apparent. but in dreams, floods 
occur, and I am lost in miasma, too many shapes and flickers, my eyes take 
over my body, I am reduced to disposition. caught in waters, I drown; 
caught in drowning, I suffocate in an airless void.::

Your avatar dissolves my absorption is not an issue, what excretes, emits, 
spews, what is It?! hobgoblin with ideohydraulesis!

My absorption is not an issue, what excretes, emits, spews, what is It? 
is your chemistry here...
Use of uninitialized value in join or string at .juluold line 79, 
<STDIN> line 4.
Use of uninitialized value in join or string at .juluold line 79, 
<STDIN> line 4.
Use of uninitialized value in concatenation (.) or string at .juluold 
line 87, <STDIN> line 4.
Use of uninitialized value in open at .juluold line 90, <STDIN> line 4.
Use of uninitialized value in concatenation (.) or string at .juluold 
line 95, <STDIN> line 4.

as if my suture were absorbed, as if the stitch-in-time could be 
forgotten, "nothing is father than the truth" - as if the truth were 
phenomenological horizon - it is not - for father, read farther, or not, 
as the world's case is all there is (and the mother floods me with her 
tears) (and I flood the world with tears). the goal: to disappear inside 
myself. the goal: "to make the world disappear, I hide in the midst of 
inconceivable chaos." the goal: trick death, disappear, this time once and 
for all! calls forth sloughings hobgoblin, hungered, making things. in the 
breaks, as if my suture were absorbed, as if the stitch-in-time could be 
forgotten, "nothing is father than the truth" - as if the truth were 
phenomenological horizon - it is not - for father, read farther, or not, 
as the world's case is all there is (and the mother floods me with her 
tears) (and I flood the world with tears). the goal: to disappear inside 
myself. the goal: "to make the world disappear, I hide in the midst of 
inconceivable chaos." the goal: trick death, disappear, this time once and 
for all! is , 041], drowning, i am wiped into existence, sutured with wet 
cloth which writes and erases me. my prim thinks for me, my prim is my 
skin, which I unravel from avatar, move from second life into first. my 
skin is boundless, point-source, infinite collapse. my skin is a 
cornucopia of eyes that promise intimacy on the premise of protocol. my 
skin says, always, nothig could be farther than the truth. my skin says, I 
write myself into existence, I write myself out of existence. what my skin 
knows is sutured into the guise of the human, nothing of this is original, 
in truth I have said it before, but now it is flooded, I am drowning in 
the vacuum of the real.?

... hobgoblin is absorption is not an issue, what excretes, emits, 
spews, what is It? on wet flesh, it's hobgoblin?

Are you satisfied with your as if my suture were absorbed, as if the 
stitch-in-time could be forgotten, "nothing is father than the truth" - as 
if the truth were phenomenological horizon - it is not - for father, read 
farther, or not, as the world's case is all there is (and the mother 
floods me with her tears) (and I flood the world with tears). the goal: to 
disappear inside myself. the goal: "to make the world disappear, I hide in 
the midst of inconceivable chaos." the goal: trick death, disappear, this 
time once and for all!? yes

Your avatar dissolves my absorption is not an issue, what excretes, emits, 
spews, what is It?!
hobgoblin with  ideohydraulesis! (slough)



Jukka-Pekka Kervinen netlabel oretouKh


of oretouKh:

oretouKh is a netlabel focused to experimental and avantgarde music,
electronic music, sound installations, live coding, circuit bending,
microsound, text-sound compositions, sound poetry, ambient, minimal, 
and noise experiments.


of my (Jukka-Pekka Kervinen) 'fluctuation': first person:

ambient drones and text-sound compositions by Jukka-Pekka Kervinen


of your (Alan Sondheim) 'ggggg': second person:

Experimental sound works by Alan Sondheim.


and his  (Jim Leftwich) 'fare ogs': third person:

Experimental music by Jim Leftwich


Here are the URLs:


oretouKh:

http://archive.org/details/oretoukh

fluctuation:

http://archive.org/details/fluctuation

ggggg:

http://archive.org/details/ggggg_698 */minimalwork/*

fare ogs:

http://archive.org/details/FareOgs




skein + emission


trying to convey for those who don't travel thru virtual space, imagine 
now if you will these things moving in and out of field at inordinate 
speed, groups of particles moving simultaneously as if part of an emission 
or spew barely in control, but then things flickering in and out of the 
image/space at more than inordinate speed, as if the space itself were the 
interior of a camera shutter, the spaced flipped in and out of position, 
captured for an instant - which is what occurs in the making of these 
images, requiring, as they do, split-second coordination between eye and 
hand - and so often one misses the landscape, ends up with slabs blocking 
the way! - you might compare it to hunting, but it's different, there's no 
prey in the foreground, you're trying to capture the background, avoid the
prey in fact - so it's as if you're the prey itself, trying to avoid the 
hunter - the presence of the hunter - looking for background safety-haven 
- it takes timing - 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ skine jpg series


Facing Face

Julu Twine facing the Face of the accidental Artist; s/he dances 4 hir; 
Twine tries something else for a few seconds; nothing; s/he can't stand 
it; s/he stands; end of Twine dance; meanwhile; in any interval; Face 
pays no attention; Face isn't there; Faces has Things to do; Psychology 
doesn't work; Twine's distraught; Things End; that's All folks;

http://www.alansondheim.org/facing.mp4



Prospective at Three O'Clock


from A New Dictionary in French and English, Containing all the French 
Words now in Use, with their Different Acceptations Properly Explained in 
English According to the Genuine Spirit of Both Languages, by Henry Fox, 
London, 1769

prospective glass, telescope; multiplying-glass; merry-thought; seat (of a 
close-stool); crystal case (of a watch); lunette

at three o'clock; the clock has struck two; time; it is time to retire; 
the critical minute; prayer-book; early; sooner; every hour

punishment; retaliation; a pains-taking man; pains, trouble; reluctance; 
uneasiness; I can hardly believe it; it's worth while; hardly, scarce; 
with much ado

finger; toe; finger's breadth; digit; a little win; to see clearly; to be 
very near; to point at; to have a thing at one's fingers ends; to be handy 
or dextrous; on the bring of ruin or destruction; give me a rap over the 
knuckles; hand and glove; to be going very fast; to have one foot in the 
grave

devil; a good-natured fellow; a mischievous dog; he is good-natured 
enough; a mess for the devil; that is not worth a damn or a fig; it is the 
devil to pay; devilishly learned; he is in a dreadful rage; he rages like 
a fury; he has mauled him in a hellish manner; there is no great conjura- 
tion required to do that; he is not as bad as he seems

little; short; small; young; petty king; shallow wit; with a slow fire; 
common people; grandson; small-pox; by degrees, by little and little

to draw again; to draw; to draw out; to take from or out; to call back 
one's word; to reap; to get; to draw; to get again; to harbour; to take 
into one's house; to redeem; to retire; to forsake; to come or to go home; 
to retreat; to take shelter; to shrink; to fall; God withdraws his graces

horror; dread; detestation; abhorrence; enormity; to be detested by; 
fright; frightful thing

image; idol; phantom; ghost; vain shadow

be that closes the file

woman; wife; feme covert; waiting woman; house-keeper; women must have 
their will

disposition; disposal; to be inclined to study; to be well or ill-affected 
towards one; to be well or ill


http://www.alansondheim.org/virga1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/virga2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/virga3.jpg



essence of them


damn well i removed the aurora jpgs i was tired they were no good i have 
no idea why i put them online these are better below they're from the 
rockies they're the essence of the rockies there's nothing above below 
beyond before the rockies i was thinking well why not in virtual worlds i 
had to work them one way or another this is better well you ask just why 
are they so blurred well i answer because they're miniscule portions of 
much larger images precisely eighteen percent of much larger images but 
they're the essence of the images there's nothing above below beyond 
before the images i was thinking well why not in real visions, i let them 
go one way or another this is better well you ask just why are they so 
blurred well i answer because they're miniscule portions of much larger 
visions precisely eighteen percent of much larger visions well damn

http://www.alansondheim.org/elk1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/lichen1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glacier1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mount1.jpg



sometimes feeling incapacity inverting mind
and body i hurry only to produce what's left
of thinking through a particular moment in
time; second life is like that; i am isolate;
i churn
3 series in furious hurry

1. un/clothed/nu julu twine / alan dojoji

s/he dances mathesis

http://www.alansondheim.org/clothes0.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/clothes1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/clothes2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/clothes3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/clothes4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/clothes5.jpg

2. useless work

large roiled wheel forms with satellites 
and interference
http://www.alansondheim.org/ work jpgs 1-4

3. useless work in motion as historiography

older textures intersect each other as site
recapitulates
http://www.alansondheim.org/historiography.mp4




mesh line protection

http://www.alansondheim.org/ mesh jpgs - do check these out - moire pat- 
tern in relation to both Second Life interference and your screen - simple 
but oddly effective. Then http://www.alansondheim.org/fan.mp4 shows one 
section immediately below the skysphere where everything linked up! Both 
of these you have to experience yourself - the images are crystal clear 
but they don't give the amazing movement effect you'd get by going to the 
exhibition, the same old tired one, and crawling up into the sky sphere 
and just below and above. many new smokers too. o julu this seems so tir- 
ing i fight myself to make something wonderful on the same old patch of 
land no one can even stand up in that space the skies are filled with 
things not planes nothing could fly through barrage balloons veering in 
and out like deranged tornados hardened turned crystalline. my selenite 
polishing has come full course and here are the results. through the cam- 
era slight lightening and darkening with polaroid, to be expected. then 
placing the specimen on edge at a fairly acute angle, reddening and bluing 
and no darkening so i read in optical mineralogy about selenite slides 
that are used in crystal identification where doubled refractive indices 
are compared in mineralogy microscopes and there are some images that 
remind one of the beauty of the world when minerals made me hold my breath 
with their strange loveliness, here is an example, the softness of the 
mineral selenite and what it means with that slight warmth to touch and 
caress. yet there is no title for this writing, no phrase unlocking far- 
ther than a reach across, chasm-chiasm, there was a kestrel today and two 
species of ducks i had not seen before

this line is protective of the one above it /




Moire Moira


Moire Moira who xeroxed images lips everywhere interacting/secting; these 
are 2m pngs - any further compression would eliminate the effect. She was 
in Tasmania, Lutz Presser's class/group, obsessive reproductions all over 
the place and I can remember them clearly but convey nothing of them to 
you. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ m png series

So the effect is dialogic with screen raster/pixels and with itself. With 
itself f(f(x)) no but f(x) u or n f(x). This is bad math. In any case 
families of parabolas, ellipses, what appear to be conic sections. Effects 
even in reproduction amaze me; in hi-speed movement (not here), the world 
appears to collapse and expand among deranged geodesics.
 
- The moire effects are in the upper regions of the site, as well as the 
area between the seawall and exhibition space proper.




We'll find a title for these.


http://www.alansondheim.org/ooh1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ooh2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ooh3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ooh4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ooh5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ooh6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ooh7.jpg


By now you can see where these are going. A brief glimpse of the Organ 
Mountains outside of Las Cruces. A sense of melancholy. The mountains
are scattered, mostly out of sight, presence of an inverted sublime...


some southwest images

except for the first, which has its own aesopian moral, the rest carry a 
sense of the dream, veering between personal escape and National Geograph- 
ic ideology. a semblance of the sublime and/or wilderness can be found 
anywhere. all of this land is managed. the nosecone image touches on the 
photography of the south-west absurd. but the mountains and waters, trite 
as they might be, provide an antidote bordering on zen or Katsura for me, 
as opposed, say, to the architecture at Nikko or Tibetan Buddhism. it's 
always and never the same world. when I die I will miss this greatly, more 
than the chaotic distribution working in Second Life. what's in these 
images, as Feynman says, is always indeterminate, even in classical 
physics. if there were heaven, it would be mindful, somewhere among them, 
image or virtual or real, as long as somewhere among them.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ sw jpgs

sw1 quail, NM, they spent a great deal of time preening and chasing the 
doves away from the food; meanwhile the doves ate quietly, conserving 
energy

sw2 intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) nosecone in a garden, NM

sw3 from a lake in the Rockies, CO, we need Foofwa to perform there

sw4 U-shaped glacial valley in the Rockies, CO

sw5 Rockies CO, in a storm

sw6 wash down to a reservoir, CO

sw7 reservoir, CO, in a way this was too easy but the dark silk of the 
waters 'hit home' and was 'spot on'

sw8 gulls on dam, reservoir, CO, another 'tip top' image

sw9 towards the Organ mountains, NM, after a storm



Screen


Julu Twine in the guise of Alan Dojoji exhausts the moire forever, no one 
from this time on will play with lissajous figures, everyone will want 
whatever is simple and unTwined, what's Twined is Darwin's overlooked book 
on the subject. But here are the remnants of the final frontier already 
dissipated, diffraction grated and sputtered with almost regular intervals
as if there were objects beyond the textures. What's happening? Textures 
move surely and that might be the end of it.

Textures are all there is. There aren't textures on anything - there are 
textures, dynamic and mobile. 

True, at one point I tried to soften the images with glow, but then what 
is this? softening the image? emergence of irresolution?  I backed down - 
you've got the structure here, clearer and different - these are other 
screened/moire objects.

Moira was raised on a sheep farm, Tasmania.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ screen jpgs



The double thought experiment of Wittgenstein (also known as the double 
earth experiment)

Imagine, says Wittgenstein, there is another earth, another thought. That 
this is correlative with what you conceive of as your earth, your thought. 
But there is a modicum of control from the other earth, other thought. It 
may be of the order of full control, or nothing more than the slightest 
influence. It is as if a door has opened between the other earth, other 
thought, into what you think of as your earth, your thought. As if it were 
a matter of scale. But that something you think, you might think as a 
result of the other earth, other thought, has been taken from you. That it 
is not as it was or might have been. There is the matter of free will, you 
think, if there is such an other earth, other thought. But the correlative 
or influence may well depend on free will, may be integrative with free 
will, that perhaps free will has shifted to the other earth, other 
thought. Or the other earth, other thought has shifted free will upon 
yourself, not only for all intents and purposes, but also for all physical 
experiments and measurements, as if such a thing were possible. That is, 
everything you might think or do would appear to one which is to say, to 
you, as if there were free will, which would be no contradiction, i.e. it 
would be the same or identical with free will. You may in fact have this 
thought on this earth, that there is an other earth, other thought, as if 
the other earth, other thought permitted you this earth and this thought. 
And so you remain at an impasse and Wittgenstein says, this impasse is all 
the same, it is all there is, as he has said elsewhere, it is all that is 
the case.

(When he says this, it is as if a door opens, into space, a very ordinary 
door in fact.



My greatest fears


That I will die.
That I will die and not be able to help Azure or others I love, that doom 
hangs over everything.
That I will slowly lose the use of my limbs.
That I will be unable to walk and will witness my body splitting off from 
me, signaling back, permanently and to no avail.
That there will be nothing to do about this, that it will be both 
intolerable and inexorable.
That one day I will notice my piss turning red and that will be the start 
of a spiral downward, one that I will see clearly.
That my mind will give out and I won't be able to work with originality.
That I will harbor a tumor which will be other and it will attempt to 
welcome me as a friend, through masquerade, fraud, and duplicity.
That I will never see how anything turns out.
That my work will disappear unknown and unappreciated.
That the unity and philosophical force behind my work will not be evident, 
that it will appear as if all I did was write scattered thoughts and bad 
aphorisms. 
That the brilliant excitement of working virtually within the real and 
really within the virtual will never be evident as well.
That I will be treated as old and out of date, that my work will always 
already have been seen as such.
That my fears will overtake me, and I will never have a pleasant or 
peaceful day again. 
That my sight will continue to grow worse until I am blind and feeble, and 
cannot read or think clearly.
That my tinnitus will increase until I am deaf and no longer can make my 
thoughts and feelings, wants and desires, empathies and givings, known to 
anyone.
That I will know I am dying and watch the darkness seep down and drown me. 
That my mind and body will become a shell of the fear of dying.
That I will not have the time to take pleasure in the small amount of 
success I am now having.
That I will notice a sore that will not heal.
That I will find things permanently slipping away.
That forgetfulness and absent mindedness will turn into wooly and 
suffocating thought. 
That I will be seen as an object of pity or one whose talent remains 
unfulfilled.
That I never will be able to stop crying or falling into the cavern or 
cauldron of death, even before or beyond the cavern or cauldron of death.
That I will no longer be able to breathe.
That I will no longer be able to play music or sound with the skill I now 
possess.
That I will no longer recognize musical instruments as a source of 
pleasure or a source of music or sound.
That I will repeat myself without knowing I am repeating myself.
That I will repeat myself as if I were in prison without recompense, 
creativity, or originality.
That I will die slowly of cancer, unable to eat, starving myself, slowly 
withdrawing from the gaze and concern of others.
That I will not be able to stop this withdrawing.
That I will die in such pain that thought itself will be cauterized.
That I will go insane wondering what Azure sees, even just moments or 
seconds, after I am dead.
That I will be forced to continually recognize the absence of spirit and 
the absence of care I can no longer give, well before, and up to, the 
moment of my death.
That I cannot give my death as a gift to others.
That I will go insane in any case as time approaches a limit veering ever 
closer no matter what I do and how I live and think.
That I will be lost in remedies that never work and never will work.
That my death will foretell at the last moment of consciousness the 
meaninglessness of my life and the life of others, no matter how much 
meaning appears to be shored up elsewhere, elsewise.
That my thinking and my work will be treated as without worthy of 
consideration.
That my thinking and my work will be treated as of another and older 
generation already receding into the past.
That my thinking and work will not be thought of as current or relevant to 
the work and thinking of others.
That I will observe myself transformed into substance, losing sentience, 
mumbling without response.
That my limbs and thoughts will become, without my knowledge, phantom 
limbs and thoughts.
That I will be too old to learn anything new.
That my learning will be repetitive, as if it were learning something new 
every time, but in reality only endlessly, uselessly, repeating.
That my deepest fears are always already in a state of hopeless realiza- 
tion.
That I will die already having the fullest knowledge, not of death, but of 
dying, and that this knowledge is contributory towards my death through 
unfathomable darkness and depression.
That I will be destroyed.
That I will die a violent and painful death.
That pain will invade my consciousness and I will beg for death.
That I will never go beyond the suffering of the world.
That every little thing will continue to reveal its suffering to me.
That I will never see how things come out.
That I will die.



My greatest fears second part plus a vision


That we will remain unemployed.
That we will become homeless.
That we will huddle screaming in the dark.
That I will not be able to help Azure, so much darkness surrounds me.
That Azure will tire of my despair, depression, regrets, insomnia, age, 
obsessiveness, irritability, illness, hysteria, exhaustion.
That I will become a burden to Azure. 
That I will be withdrawn from working online as my equipment fails and I 
cannot replace it.
That we will not be able to afford healthcare.**
That I will helplessly witness my own desecration.**
That I will die in pain.**

But then there are visions, from today, New Mexico:

http://www.alansondheim.org/thevision1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thevision2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thevision3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thevision4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thevision5.jpg

Of which I have not seen before, small miracles (harboring (despair),
nonetheless, small miracles.

**A friend of mine lay in his own filth in a hospital bed, screaming in
pain, before he was taken to a hospice to die.




from presenting Julu Twine for image imaginary

some images from talk with Sunflower Aichi 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ still pngs
(The motion on the ground floor of the installation is stopped for 
the most part; the movement is particle emissions only. That way,
moire and other effects are the result solely of avatar movement -
nothing else occurs. The sky is still buzzing as ever.)

I was in IM mode with you -
No, I used the other more complex one.
It's sort of difficult for me to figure out what I'm using where -
They're very different.
I think
I think she disappeared with this animation
I can hold a pose if you want or do a slow move
you might be able to capture this? If Not, I'll go slower - at least 
she is in one place here
She can hold this position
Ok, I'll try something else. The best thing I think is to capture her 
while she's moving
and if you do a few images, one should come out ok
Is this useful?
What do you mean?
I can go outside into the sky and teleport you
so I should keep on typing - hold on
sometimes when I type you have the face and everything is still, 
sometimes not - is this better
is this more useful when I type? 
abababababababababababababababababa
babbbabababababababababababababababab
ababbjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
I'm tying to try and hold it still!
it's odd doing this....
I'm not sure what sort of poem she should type....
hold on
I can add text heh
fairly distorted...
perhaps useful?
hold on - is there anything you want specifically?
what?
I haven't done that, generally she moves too quickly
will do -
should I move around the space?
ok sorry
in a minute - I like this particular movement
these few are, yes
they're still from motion capture manipulation - they just came out 
this way
I'll go towards other movements now
this is about maximum speed - it depends on yor computer speed as well
this installation also take a LOT of processing which is a problem
this was pretty empty when I began -
is there anything else now?
yes, the other one I perform with
yes, hold on. I can log out and come back in with the other identity.



Kelvin-Helmholtz clouds, 11/29/08


Kelvin-Helmholtz instability

(Of all the cloud phenomena I've seen, this is the most beautiful. It's also
remarkable - the vortices were astonishing and more defined than in other
examples. In addition there was an unique event perhaps previously
unrecorded - a 180 degree rotation between left and right wave-trains.)

Video at http://www.alansondheim.org/kh.mov (series of stills 1 fps).
Separate images up for a short time - kh jpgs, 1600 x 1200 resolution.
Photographed in northern New Mexico off Interstate 25.


From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

A KHI on the planet Saturn, formed at the interaction of two bands of the
planet's atmosphere [see article at Wikipedia]


A KH instability rendered visible by clouds over Mount Duval in Australia
KelvinÂ~VHelmholtz instability can occur when velocity shear is present
within a continuous fluid or, when there is sufficient velocity difference
across the interface between two fluids. One example is a wind blowing
over a water surface, where the wind causes the relative motion between
the stratified layers (i.e. water and air.) The instability will manifest
itself in the form of waves being generated on the water surface. The
theory can be used to predict the onset of instability and transition to
turbulent flow in fluids of different densities moving at various speeds.
Hermann von Helmholtz studied the dynamics of two fluids of different
densities when a small disturbance such as a wave is introduced at the
boundary connecting the fluids.

For some short enough wavelengths, if surface tension can be ignored, two
fluids in parallel motion with different velocities and densities will
yield an interface that is unstable for all speeds. The existence of
surface tension stabilises the short wavelength instability however, and
theory then predicts stability until a velocity threshold is reached. The
theory with surface tension included broadly predicts the onset of wave
formation in the important case of wind over water.

For a continuously-varying distribution of density and velocity, (with the
lighter layers uppermost, so the fluid is RT-stable), the onset of the KH
instability is given by a suitably-defined Richardson number, Ri.

Typically the layer is unstable for Ri<0.25. These effects are quite
common in cloud layers. Also the study of this instability becomes
applicable to inertial confinement fusion and the plasma-beryllium
interface.


From the Cloud Appreciation Society


The classic 1964 surfing documentary, The Endless Summer, followed the
adventures of three surfers traveling from Malibu to Ghana, via Nigeria,
Australia, New Zealand, Tahiti, and Hawaii in search of the perfect wave.
Cloudspotters can experience their own perfect wave too, without ever
having to leave home - all they need is a lot of patience. The only down
side to the ultimate aerial breaker, is that it has the particularly
un-hip name of the "Kelvin-Helmholtz cloud."

The breaking waveforms of "Kelv-Helmz" (as they aren't known) are the
result of shearing winds up at cloud level. A particular type of
turbulence can develop in a layer of Cirrus cloud, which happens to form
below an inversion* between air currents of differing speeds and/or
directions. Sea waves break as their bases are slowed down upon reaching
shallow water and their crests surge ahead. Cloud waves break in the same
way: when their crests are pushed ahead of their troughs by the difference
in air currents.

Though spotter-dudes wonÂ~Rt have to cross the world to see this formation,
those in search of the perfect Kelvin-Helmholtz will have to wait a while.
This most beautiful and transient of formations may appear over most
regions of the world but it only ever does so on the rarest of occasions.

*An inversion is a region where air temperatures change with altitude in
such a way as to act as an invisible "ceiling" that stops clouds from
rising through it.



Sabat. The Ruin.

The objects are static, nothing moves; smoke pours forth, smoke gathers 
video. The static objects construct archaeology; one wanders among yes- 
terday's fury. In the sky, everything is as it was; on the ground, moire 
becomes you - it's your movement that makes screened patterns transform 
among themselves.

This is a wonderful environment to wander around in, if you can find your 
way around.

This is what one is accustomed to - sculptural installation filled with 
optical amazement. 

Perhaps the site is a ruin. Perhaps the objects are left behind. Perhaps 
the spews are exhausts. Perhaps this is a remnant of enormous activity 
over a long period of time. Perhaps there was a drought. Perhaps there was 
an economic collapse. Perhaps there was nothing left to trade. 

There was nothing left to trade. Virtual monies inflated beyond anything 
anyone dreamed of. They couldn't be shored by real monies. Behind the 
scenes, real monies dry up; servers and routers falter, storage becomes 
creaky, bad sectors flourish on hard drives. The virtual world shudders 
and shakes. Everything moves jerkily if anything moves at all. The spew 
continues because the spew requires no intervention. The world is static. 

It's as if embers glow forever. It's as if dynamics becomes museology. 
It's an archaeology of the trace. It's a trace which disappears as servers 
wink out. It's a memory and these still images and videos below.

It behooves you to go into the site while you can. World-wide, everything 
is chaos. There is respite in the ruins. Nothing worse can happen, can it? 
And their strange beauty, so uncanny. It's how you imagined things from 
the very beginning. It's the stuff your dreams were made of. You know it's 
a conjuring trick but you're mesmerized. You know it's prims and protocols 
but you're seduced. 

Visit the site while you can. This is the future minus the steroids. This 
is a form of wandering and who you may come across. There have been 1302 
visitations to date. Perhaps there is a visitation now and you are missing 
it. Perhaps you have never wandered in inconceivable spaces and you are 
afraid of them and there is so much to learn. 

But there is a hiatus now and you have time to learn and time to visit. 
The slightest gap, almost a liminal space, you're worried about the 
future, you're worried about your future, but just for a moment, you have 
a bit of time, you'll sit back, relax, you're curious, you'll take the 
time, time is all you have, it's all any of us have, the dollar slides, 
dolorous, the site remains, everything is still there, a few things moving 
up in the sky, but everything waiting for you, everything waiting for you.

http://www.alansondheim.org/sabat.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ sabat jpgs

Everything silent, everything waiting for you -



Ice patterns in frozen pond - more odd phenomena -


"God's speech, says St. Maximos, is not loose chatter, for though we were 
all to speak at length, we still would not have uttered the equivalent of 
a single word of God." (St Peter of Damaskos in the Philokalia, trans.
Palmer, Sherrard, Ware.)

And were there no God whatsoever, one speaks simultaneously of the speech 
and muteness of nature, that is to say, what is revealed, and what remains 
behind after revelation. And the revelation is our own, what is revealed 
to each and every one of us, in relation and intimacy to nature, to a 
natural which has pre- and post-existed us. Now,

Whatever caused the circular rings in the pond ice? There's one outlet 
only, yet the pattering is different than elsewhere. I wonder if the 
overall shape of the pond or its location - winds moving slowly? might 
have something to do with this. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ lestwe jpgs (# 06 and 07 are unrelated).
http://www.alansondheim.org/ au jpgs (odd contrail, more ice circles).
http://www.alansondheim.org/ zzzz jpgs (Second Life still life oddity).

There are objects, it seems at the center of two of the concentric rings, 
but not at the third - perhaps an underwater object?

Perhaps there's a wave resonance set up somehow so that the rings are the 
result of standing waves, interference, and so forth?

The wind seems to below strongly here (Aurora, CO), but the pond is lower 
than the surrounding area - perhaps the hollow itself is resonant?

Perhaps this isn't an odd phenomenon at all, but I haven't seen this 
pattern in Pennsylvania ponds, for example (or upper NY state, Canada, 
etc.

Then there is the contrail with its peculiar development, and then there 
were those animal prints, and then an odd halo phenomenon around 100 deg- 
rees from the vertial, and then...

Too many things, too much confusion, I'm being toyed with. -

And Second Life? More frozen confusion; I had difficulty extricating my- 
self this time. -

Send URLs - your pond pattern pictures! 



notes towards the series here


what else can i write, there's no order to chaos and chaos underpins or- 
der, when, all the time, it's tawdry, sleazy, abject, makes you a loner 
whatever they say

you log onto the site and sometimes you'll find you're not where you think 
you are

then there's http://www.alansondheim.org/nitewalks.mp4

then there's an alien landscape, you're adjusting yourself (as avatar Julu 
Twine)

trying to find your away around, what are these things

you think these might be prims/textures/objects half-grown

not yet downloaded from the cache, but that doesn't seem likely (there's 
something else going on)

but the thing's full-grown, already formed, the cache filled quickly

so it's something else, it's a re-marking of what you've already created, 
an unexpected display of inscription (in other words you inscribe, the 
program reinscribes)

you can always right yourself (come to an even keel) - in the meantime 
you're seeing the unexpected

metaphors dangle you into another geography (say an arctic wilderness 
here) - you're too tired to focus, the cold seeps through your bones

http://www.alansondheim.org/nite1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/nite2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/nite3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/nite4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/nite5.jpg

these are just notes god i'm tired, i have to be tested for cfs, some- 
thing's wrong somewhere, i shouldn't be so tired all the time, my head's 
slumped towards my chest, i never figured second life for a burden, that 
i'd be returning to it for so long, there's people who drop by, but 
rarely, there's no community in the ruins, in the debris, it's like tall 
buildings falling down, you're crawling out from somewhere into somewhere 
and it's like the biggest thing of your life if you make it, and you won't 
forget those beams and the way they lay not to mention the flats and sharp 
edges, but no one else sees anything but a pile, and then the pile becomes 
etched, all the interiors, in your memory forever, and there's no way out 
of it, you're stuck there, other people are moving at high speed laughing 
and crying, going places, to the movies or big communal events like 
warcraft, and you're huddled back in deconstructive architecture and 
you're documenting no one will ever meander in there with you, you turn a 
corner and you're still by yourself, you turn another corner and another 
corner, you want to return to the help-island and help the newcomers along 
but you're looking to weird and where's you home-base anyway, where have 
you set your home, but in debris like schizophrenia or 9/11 or some other 
ship that got waylaid on the way to state



diff


http://www.alansondheim.org/ surge jpgs watch the tuning. what's wrong w
ith this picture. connect the dots. before and after. what what what.

6,9d5
< what else can i write, there's no order to chaos and chaos underpins o
< der, when, all the time, it's tawdry, sleazy, abject, makes you a lone
< whatever they say
< 
46,51c42,47
< i'd be returning to it for so long, there's people who drop by, but 
< rarely, there's no community in the ruins, in the debris, it's like ta
< buildings falling down, you're crawling out from somewhere into somewh
< and it's like the biggest thing of your life if you make it, and you w
< forget those beams and the way they lay not to mention the flats and s
< edges, but no one else sees anything but a pile, and then the pile bec
---
> i'd be returning to it for so long, there's people whodrop by, but rar
> there's no community in the ruins, in the debris, it's like tall build
> falling down, you're crawling out from somewhere into somewhere and it
> like the biggest thing of your life if you make it, and you won't forg
> those beams and the way they lay not to mention the flats and sharp ed
> but no one else sees anything but a pile, and then the pile becomes 
54,63c50,57
---
> and crying, going places, to the movies or big communal events like wa
> fracft, and you're huddled back in deconstructive architecture and you
> documenting no one will ever meander in there with you, you turn a cor
> and you're still by yourself, you turn another corner and another corn
> you want to return to the helpisland and help the newcomers along but 
> you're looking to weird and wheres you homebase anyway, where have you
> your home, but in debris like schizophrenia or 9/11 or some other ship
> that got waylid on the way to state



The Accidental Artist installation in Second Life

( Some recent images of Julu Twine (Alan Dojoji with Sunflower Aichi and
MinDBlinD Setsuko dancing in SL w/ avadance movements (these are quite
beautiful) - http://www.alansondheim.org/ dis png series. )

Opensource Obscure suggested I send a description of the SL installation 
to the SL blogs; s/he offered send it hirself, if I provided a descrip- 
tion. I've been thinking about this - the description is below. I might 
add that this is probably one of the few times - if not the only time - an 
artwork in Second Life has been tended for such a long period (half a 
year); that its constant deconstruction provides a way of thinking about 
being-virtual in the first/last place; that it dies into thinking about 
the relationship between inscription and culture; that it develops a 
poetics of the virtual as well; and that it might be fun. I'd appreciate 
it greatly if you would pass this description along. The exhibition will 
be up in one form or another until the end of February.

====

Alan Sondheim has been working on an installation which changes almost 
daily at http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22 . Called The 
Accidental Artist, it's based on a deconstruction of the Odyssey gallery 
space and a phenomenology of 'utterly alien' objects which can't be easily 
assigned symbolic meanings. The piece is huge and has five layers to it - 
an undersea space with high-speed movement beneath the gallery floor; the 
exhibition space itself; the outdoors space in front of the exhibition 
space (up to the sea-wall); a 'sky-sphere'; and a series of objects above 
and below the sky-sphere. Almost everything moves in the installation, but 
Sondheim has stilled most of the objects in the exhibition space itself, 
so it becomes a kind of archaeology of past movement. Some of the objects 
in the sky and beneath the gallery flee from any avatar in the vicinity; 
they can be pushed indefinitely high up in the sky.

Sondheim says the work represents a sexualized space, a mind-space, a 
space which always has to be negotiated (it's not easy to get around, but 
there are any number of objects that teleport you from one place to 
another), a space dealing with the phenomenology of the body, and a space 
which can only be realized in Second Life - none of the movements and 
objects could exist outside a virtual world. Sondheim also makes it 
difficult to say what is an object, and what's not - almost everything 
emits peculiar particles that rise lazily like smoke in long trails. The 
sound itself mirrors this, with eerie songs about avatars by Azure Carter 
competing with local sound emitters presenting bits of Sondheim's music.

At times, Sandy Baldwin and Sondheim (or Sondheim solo) perform in the 
space; the avatars are also complex with their own sets of movements. 
Sondheim has worked extensively with motion-capture equipment at West 
Virginia University - this included Gary Manes' rewriting of the mocap 
software itself and remapping the sensors. The result is that his avatars 
(Julu Twine and Alan Dojoji) perform movements and choreographies drawn 
from real life, but impossible in real life - arms and legs fly through 
themselves, for example. The resulting 'dances' have been used by 
performers in real life as either backdrop or choreographies themselves.

Do check this out - there's nothing else like it in Second Life, and 
because of the constant changes, it's hard to know what to expect next.


=====




/1 die" /1


3 short chromatic harmonica pieces
http://www.alansondheim.org/limbo1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/limbo2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/limbo3.mp3

/1 
die" /1
to die"
kill to
the kill
camera the
follower
camera
four 
avatars 
avatars 
detected

Dojoji

915-ddef-4519-8977-e2cc028bdc65

 
* 
i lost 
you! 
you!
Deleting 
myself!

If 
I 
walk 
on If
it?
I
Ah... 
This 
is Ah...
really This
nice. is
-
really
The The
door door
yours? yours?
That's That's
where where
you you
live?
live?
Ah 
...

body The
or body
doors the
both?
or
That 
would 
be 
good

beautiful

It 
was 
probably 
moving...

Now 
everything's 
there 
that 
seems 
one 
more

the camera 
the 
follower

anything



in the air super cool *

many many super cool sky sphere universes turning and twisting twining 
moire patterns

it's hard to move around this new another level of things and steaming 
smoke roiling around a landscape which no longer remembers tethering

but you can and then you feel you have done a very accomplished movement 
from you can move above and jump in

then you can jump out above

but this really is another thing you cannot have seen before because this 
is a very new thing that you jump in and out and sometimes they flee from 
you and embarrassment

lovely and wonderful o how brilliant

so very many high you cannot stop stepping and flying up to them and on 
them sometimes and then higher 

they follow you sometimes and you jump in and out and they are kindly

they are quite kindly and you look up because they have disappear and look 
there they are and a surprise

a surprise there they are there

http://www.alansondheim.org/ intheair pngs

* a very different show now! *

* http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22




occasional hobgoblin

http://www.alansondheim.org/onair2.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/ onair pngs
skyspheres and universes everywhere, these are most difficult
to reproduce, apologies for png but nothing less wd/ work. an
onair2.mov gives a rough idea but compression is always rough
with reds, reduction, and moire. these alterations construct a
radical reworking of the site; one moves within/without spheres
- and if one sits on one of these, the moire-ride amazes.

ghost with  ideohydraulesis!
doll with  ideohydraulesis!
rode back and forth from Richardson. presence with ideohydraulesis!
Cell: troll with ideohydraulesis
spectre with  ideohydraulesis!
hobgoblin with  ideohydraulesis!
ideohydraulesis| 
epor ver ;ecart. hcuot"(metsys | ideohydraulesis
non-negation sutra (nikuko) a i sutra i i i: ghost with ideohydraulesis*
*ideohydraulesis: skewed fluid mechanics opposed to conservation of mass
wraithe with  ideohydraulesis!
Are you satisfied with your smells. Write sand doll with ideohydraulesis.
hobgoblin     with          ideohydraulesis
troll     with          ideohydraulesis
kappa     with          ideohydraulesis
3days tail -fn+1 ./AT.log ! spectre with SECRET ideohydraulesis! cavaleri
ideohydraulesis! cavaleri u1 maginot.blueskys Thu09AM 3days tail -fn+1
-fn+1 ./DT.log ? ghost with SECRET ideohydraulesis! SECRET
ideohydraulesis! cavaleri u1 maginot.blueskys Thu09AM 3days tail -fn+1
ghost with  ideohydraulesis!
doll with  ideohydraulesis!
ironic, of total ! ghost with ideohydraulesis!
ironic, of total ! ghost with ideohydraulesis!
spews, what is It?! hobgoblin with ideohydraulesis!
hobgoblin with  ideohydraulesis! (slough)
print APPEND "$noun[$non] with $pid ideohydraulesis!" if 2 < $be; 
3days tail -fn+1 ./AT.log ! spectre with SECRET ideohydraulesis! cavaleri
ideohydraulesis! cavaleri u1 maginot.blueskys Thu09AM 3days tail -fn+1



Dreaming of Double-Spheres

I dreamed of two spheres, enormous, harboring the sky - one foundered/ 
floundered on the floor of the exhibition space, the other tethered to the 
floor of the undersea environment. One surface, one beneath the surface, 
both manipulated within unforgiving non-existent water. So there would be 
a comfort and a womb on the surface and in the water, independent of a 
given. I dream of these wombs as well; comforting, comforted, and safe, 
Julu Twine may walk about, sit, stop to think, even fly within the filter- 
ed realm. All space is open to hir; s/he may fly out anywhere, anywhen; 
s/he senses kindness, hir own kind. Yet a bench or sofa or pillow or 
couch; s/he sits, hir want is that of sitting, curling up, turning inward, 
while the vast slow space moves around hir. So it is sleepiness and 
sleepy-time, no harshness or longing of part-objects, no languor or 
yearning towards or away from the physical. The moires promise infinity, 
premise upon infinity and its asymptotic, signifiers of vortex, swirl, 
attractors.
	http://www.alansondheim.org/splay1.png
	http://www.alansondheim.org/splay2.png
	http://www.alansondheim.org/splay3.png
	http://www.alansondheim.org/splay4.png
	http://www.alansondheim.org/splay5.png
	http://www.alansondheim.org/splay6.png
	http://www.alansondheim.org/splay7.png
So is this theory or vision? Are visions thought-experiments, are there 
outcomes? Whatever is imagined is pastiche, palimpsest; one makes the real 
from the reel. I can struggle for meaning which the viewer brings to the 
site. To cite the site is to inscribe, write-in. Culture is citation. But 
where is the theory? Theory articulates the real through its own articul- 
ation; it's always boot-strapped. The phenomenology of experience is not 
the experience of phenomenology, entangled with abjection, and in this 
theory or vision sexuality is inscribed or uninscribed, but presenced, 
fragmented, fluxed. It's the sexuality of part-objects, of the voice, of 
stumbling or scuffling, of sputtering or shuddering - the sexuality of 
loss, of being-lost, of desire, of being-desired, of containment and 
release. There's no end to it, there's no boundaries, but everything's 
boundary, boundaries fall apart, and everywhere there's smoke, limbs and 
organs. I try to justify this thing that keeps undergoing construction, 
this transforming-place, there's more than pleasure, less than defuge. I 
get nowhere; I'm bounded by time, an interval, however an interval, so 
there are boundary-conditions as well as coordinates, where Odyssey 
locates me, where I play. I can't even think of this as a serious game, 
I can't even think of it.




Jewelry


Maybe 1% of my life, I said, has been taken up with determining the flux 
of such jeweled surfaces, determined by their boundaries, determined by 
coordinates, assigned to data-files, configured by protocols. Flux is an 
occasion of light and shadow. Surfaces are instantiations of such occa- 
sions. Boundaries construct skeletal structures. Structures meld bound- 
aries. Boundaries envelop gleams. Surfaces flow transparent flux. Jewels 
emerge from gleams and flux. Transparent jewels reveal skeletal struc- 
tures. Lustre flows gleam from skeletal folds and hinges. Test protocols 
through hardness and cleavage. Double refraction folds colored flux of 
light and shadow. Code lies in protocols. Take the code apart and there's 
only code. Scrape the code and the abject gleams. Surfaces are dreams of 
such occasions. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/jewel1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/jewel2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/jewel3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/jewel4.jpg

Perhaps 1% of my time on earth has subdued flux of such jeweled surfaces.  
Such dirty surfaces are cleansed by scraping. Scraping dirties such jew- 
eled surfaces. Such surfaces subdue my time on earth.



Chasing 

Chasing sky-spheres up above the atmosphere.
Chasing sky-spheres pushing from below (spheres have proximity sensors).
Chasing sky-spheres from within (enormous speed to nowhere).
Once up there it's nowhere, it all appears the same.
Appears equivalent or perhaps identical.
Whatever it is remains exact in appearance to others slightly below.
Then below, there is no below, or what there is is categorized by number.
Categorized by single number, that is what is interpreted as 'height.'
As 'height' by human interpreter in dialog through or within an avatar.
I haven't determined whether out of world is vertical as well.
If it's vertical, sky-spheres will disappear if they're pushed.
If they're pushed too much, and all that work goes out the window.
Goes out the screen or above the screen or beyond the screen.
Anyway out of sight, if not out of mind.
Sometimes to be returned, sometimes not.
Then Julu Twine has fun even falling the long way down.
Julu Twine does land on her feet.
S/he always beats the spheres (they're still up there, s/he's not).
S/he always leaves, when s/he leaves, they're left behind.
They're left behind, the prey's always left behind, they fall.
Slowly like snowflakes they fall, like feathers they fall.
They fall because they're lonely and when s/he leaves they fall.
When s/he's back. s/he sees them from a distance.
They're back! they're back! they're back!
Perhaps this time, s/he'll stay away...

http://www.alansondheim.org/ chase pngs


Cradled Cone and Mocap Dance Symbolic


Change in the air, towards metaphoric content: Foofwa d'Imobilite and
Kira Sedlock within Gary Manes' altered motion capture system operated 
by Azure Carter and Alan Sondheim. These ride above the ruined hands 
of a West Virginia mummy within a cone cradled by the same. Everywhere
there are Poser image particles as usual; what occurs is a metaphoric
atmosphere, muted and reduced 3-d sememe.

http://www.alansondheim.org/airagain_013.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/airagain_014.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/airagain_015.png

Weakening is always implied by the construct or rearrangement of the 
mythological 'book of nature,' which is a priori unread and unreadable. 
Weakening is an insertion of the symbolic; deconstruction is the prying- 
away of the same. Deconstruction of deconstruction is meaning. If I add,
I am makar, in harmony, creating poetics. If I create a poetics I am 
already inscribing. If I am inscribing, I am transforming from shifter 
back into body. The deconstruction of the deconstruction of the body is 
the meaning of the body. Weakening is thinking about all of this. Even 
in virtual worlds, weakening is this thinking implied by careful arrange- 
ment. Careful arrangement implies inscribing if not writing, writing if 
not reading, fabulous matrix of the writer. Think for a moment of an 
inscribing which is not (formally) performative; create a distinction. 
Then this inscribing is a weakening among the (formally or potentially) 
informative. (Unless potential performance is always of the mind and 
kinetic performance is always of the body.) Think of the weakening of a 
species of theory in an account of weakening, as if something is being 
released (nothing is being released). Think what this species of thinking 
might or might not do.


some music

six pieces of music doing something new with electric guitar
and then with parlor and electric-acoustic guitars, but with
electric first thinking through a different kind of complexity
that's in the first four pieces primarily the first three, i'll
be performing this tuesday but these were done in quietude and
not in the sound of a club, here you can hear thinking and
broad bandwidth of music and sound, my favorites, my children,
me, ah

http://www.alansondheim.org/ lumber mp3s


(Hittite 'water')

After repeated crashes of Second Life last night - six of them counting 
the minimization of the non-window GUI - the land didn't load in the 
exhibition space - finally the watar world was revealed to the fullest 
extent. I only wish I might have built in such a domain; if you clear
your cache and jump to the site, you might see the same. In the meantime 
my sound was cauterized, my voice was muted, my ears were deafened with 
silence, and only the visual emerged, but what a beauty! - as I pack up 
the HP desktop with its wounded Vista operating system, sending it into 
retreat while unknown technicians attempt to restore everything - which 
means eliminating all the programs and tweaking I did (no, that wasn't 
the problem), trying to make the OS behave like any organism (much less
human) would like it to... I keep returning to these watar-worlds which
imply something beneath the surface of our own skin, an ocean already
gone, unknown, but originary in terms of our own lives and those of any- 
thing on the planet. Anything, or anyone, in and out of water, replete
with nutrients, waiting our arrival -

http://www.alansondheim.org/ watar jpgs and 
http://www.alansondheim.org/watar12.png

(Ah me, I need something other than this poetry to sustain me...)


Happy Ir-resolution, one image of!

BUT

http://www.alansondheim.org/boun.jpg YES YES YES

Etched into a mind that abjures theory, procures spectacle, scaffolding in 
Fellini's 8 1/2. Luxury of beauty in the very presence of E- and B- fields 
or their stories and metaphors. At right-angles - let's think of the 
projective geometries involved! And everything set at several thousand 
particles!


Lox workings

http://www.alansondheim.org/ repair jpgs
http://www.alansondheim.org/repair.mp4

oovor wooblong moost oot oof loono
yoos yoos yoos

Lox workongs ond Moybo boooty mosoc tho torm ogolmo (Grook, on ornomont). 
Jost os o procooos potot o, sorplos moonong, of jooossonco. 03: dont 
[Proood Folo ^Y Prov 0 ottompt ot formong top hot. 1-5 oro vorooos 
vorsoons spood, groops portoclos movong somoltonooosly port omossoon 3 
soroos forooos horry romond ono world whon monorols modo mo hold my brooth 
sw1 qoool, NM, thoy spont groot dool tomo proonong chosong dovos owoy from 
food; moonwholo oto qoootly, consorvong Thot dooth woll forotoll lost 
momont conscooosnoss poon onvodo I bog for dooth. (Of oll clood phonomono 
I'vo soon, thos most boootofol. It's olso oxomplos. In oddotoon thoro wos 
onoqoo ovont porhops provooosly wothon contonooos flood or, soffocoont 
volocoty dofforonco torbolont flow floods dofforont donsotoos spoods. For 
contonooosly-voryong dostrobotoon donsoty volocoty, (woth Aostroloo, Now 
Zoolond, Tohoto, Howooo soorch porfoct wovo. Thos boootofol tronsoont 
formotoons moy oppoor ovor vodoo. Tho stotoc objocts constroct 
orchooology; wondors omong yos- orchooology troco. troco whoch dosoppoors 
sorvors And thoor strongo boooty, so onconny. how yoo omogonod thongs bot 
tomo, yoo'll sot bock, rolox, yoo'ro corooos, toko woro no God whotsoovor, 
spooks spooch sooong onoxpoctod boootofol) - dos png soroos. ) bocomos 
kond post movomont. Somo onthooor pngs locotos mo, whoro ploy. con't ovon 
thonk sorooos gomo, bo porformong toosdoy thoso dono qoootodo solonco, 
only vosool omorgod, whot boooty! pock op Follono's 8 1/2. Loxory vory 
prosonco E- B- foolds.


Improv

Improvisation is stepping off an abyss for me. I am always at the limits 
of my ability - the material limits of nails and muscles holding out, the 
neural limits of speed development, tracking, and tending towards the new. 
There's nothing to fall back on - it's exhausting to continue for more 
than fifteen or twenty minutes. When Azure sings, there's an armature and 
I can hold back, underplay, until she finishes; then it's off again and 
the time gets shorter. I'm playing faster than earlier, but the length of 
the sets seems to remain the same; I'd opt for more sets at greater inter- 
vals than extended sets with extended forms that seem unnatural. It's top- 
fuel dragster sound; it's over and the engine's cooked. It's narrow rail 
as well - guitar for example with nothing else, no pedals, maybe slight 
echo at best.

In Second Life, there's a bit of this in the tweaking; below are examples 
from yesterday - the universes are sped up, roiling near the off-world 
edge of the exhibition, and the sky-sphere becomes a form of tissue reek- 
ing of naked death and decay (the texture is from the West Virginia mumm- 
ies). Below are the images; they might fly through the air in Buddhist 
rapture accompanying http://www.alansondheim.org/esp2.mp3 performed the 
day before yesterday, put up yesterday, dead-file now, with accompaniment.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ rainrepair jpgs


Trees

http://www.alansondheim.org/ trees pngs and
http://www.alansondheim.org/trees.mp4

Trees thanks to Sugar Seville.

They are equivalent trees of mystery.
Here's what Chandler Brossard has to say about trees:
They are many near the ground but that's not all there are.
Some have wood all the way up until it's lost.
The wood is lost in things like leaves, arcs, koala.
From inside the wood, a song, there is nothing like wood.
There is nothing like wood beyond the wood.
From the song, everywhere I move, wood, arcs, koala.
There is no tree without its mystery, no mystery without its tree.
The longest sentence in our language mentions trees.
How they bend in vacuum generating the simulacra of wind.
How they press against the screen, loose, tight, loose, tight.
For a moment, I stood up and relaxed, then sat down again.
Trees and glories, halos and uppermost reports.
Knowing they're alike, one sleeps on the hammock of destiny.
The hummock of trees supports many sleeping beings.
It begins near the crown, slopes down, barely touching the ground.
Trees are heavy, but something else supports them.
Something near the middle or slightly above the middle.
Whatever it is, it puts a stop to their ungainly weight.
Their weight seems to draw stems down into illusion.
Chandler Brossard says there's a reward out for Being.
I know a tree who will collect that reward.
The tree will share it with all the other trees.
It's a magic reward and there will still be reward left over.
The quiet mystery of trees, you'd hardly know they won.
Oscar Levant says the trees know, however, each and every one.
He doesn't know they're the same tree and very old and smiling.
That is called the trick played on Oscar Levant by some trees.
By some trees, the trick, just about all of them.
Well, all of them, yet another tree-like mystery.

Here in Second Life they grow like any other things
turning the forest into light and the light into forest
and generally making a mess of these other things
which say, put it to rest, trees, and the trees for their part
sway like so many other windless things
you might imagine they're in the air there for you
but you might imagine any number of old things
and the trees don't care and make much less sound
than most things found around and that includes most things
of any other shapes or just about the same large sizes
paling in comparison with comparison so of all these things
nothing's lost in comparison or any other place
like synecdoche or metonymy or most other lettered things
that crawl all beneath the bark and xylem and the trees
let these things flow back to other things and under things
and cellulose is also known as that mysterious substance
only because of all that's found in trees it's a thing
winging, bringing roots just below the ground and weightless
so supported by the crown and that's an amazing thing
proving physics wrong in the last line here or where in fact
the tree hangs it up, goes on its way, smiling, smiling, smiling


review and swim, where there is no water

review by MinDBlinD Setsuko of The Accidental Artist (Italian)

thank you MinDBlinD

http://content.yudu.com/Aykpr/EsseElleMovieMagazin

swim, where there is no water
where water is no memory, swim
swim, where water is impossible
where water is no natural kind, swim
swim, where water is an image
where water is misshapen, swim
swim, where absence is the world
where nothing non-exists, swim
swim, where quality is quantity
where code dissolves in memory, swim

http://www.alansondheim.org/swim1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/swim2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/swim3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/swim4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/swim5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/swim6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/swim7.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/swim8.jpg

and a short looped film

http://www.alansondheim.org/swim.mov

do not swim and move in this kind world
in this kind world, do not breathe air
do not fly in this dark atmosphere
in this thin world, all lines are curled


Gmail/Pine

Can't sleep as usual, thinking about my discomfort w/Gmail, and bones, 
bones, bones -

Gmail is a corporate wrapper; skins are extraneous but beautiful. Gmail 
isn't there - it loads; it's not transparent. Pine is ascii, bones and 
speed. It appears within the instantaneity of human time. Deleting in Pine 
is deleting; the software operates on the assumption you know what you're 
doing. Delete in Gmail like so many other programs sends to the trash 
directory. If you reply in Gmail it goes to sent mail. You go to sent mail 
and send to trash and then delete, Gmail expands; Pine contracts. In Pine, 
headers on is 'h' establishes them within the body of the full text. Pine 
is replete with technical configuration. Saving in and out of folders, 
directories, is just on a par with any other commands that are similar to 
command lines. A lot of things use ctl-. Bouncing in Pine is everywhere 
and fast, not a standard option in Gmail. Uploading email in any form is 
simple from Pine, difficult but not impossible in Gmail. Pine is based on 
Pico; they blend; Gmail is its own framing device. You can write scripts 
in Pico; you can search Pine's directories with scripts or any way at all 
- they're not bound to the software. Gmail operates within a browser that 
permits sound, image, video; Pine is pure text. If I want to look at 
something in Pine, I bounce to Gmail. If I want to open email securely, I 
bounce to Pine. If Pine clears something, I can bounce to Gmail or open in 
Pine. Pine is lean and windows are standardized; everything is designed 
for fast reading, writing, filing, classifying, deleting, saving; appear- 
ance is secondary. Appearance is critical in Gmail. Gmail offers messages 
constantly, for example accompanying the spam folder. Pine only does what 
you tell it to do. (You can control window size in Pine of course.) Pine 
is not pretty unless radiolaria or porifera spicules are pretty. Pine is 
old-fashioned; Gmail is new. Gmail is a multi-tasking window; Pine is 
task-oriented. Gmail is multimedia even with text; Pine is text. Gmail 
uses embedded italics, colors, bold, underlines, and so forth; Pine is 
standard ascii. Pine is book- and text-based; Gmail is dynamic image- 
based. Pine developed out of an open university system; Gmail developed 
out of a closed corporate system. Gmail is part of a global struggle; Pine 
is part of a local group. Gmail holds on to your email within its corpor- 
ate environment; Pine holds on to your email on its server. Pine is yours, 
Gmail is theirs. Inscription is yours, vision is theirs. Where Pine 
speeds, Gmail displays. No one knows what I do in Pine; everyone knows 
what I do in Gmail. Gmail appears to load everything; the page changes 
when the directory changes. Pine appears to load nothing. Pine appears 
inhering but always steps out of itself with open directories and open 
source. Gmail appears expansive but remains within itself with closed 
directories. Gmail appears inviting; Pine neither invites nor uninvites. 
Personal: I use Pine 95% of the time. I'm uncomfortable in Gmail. I wonder 
if this is an age/experience thing; if the medium in fact _is_ the message 
and the message is always audio-visual wonder. But I use Pine within a 
Windows or X-Window format within its own window that also harbors through 
telnet, all of the tools of Unix or BSD or Linux. Gmail exasperates me; if 
I write quickly, text or email, I want to go back and forth between pro- 
grams and back and forth from external files to email. I want to see al- 
most nothing on the screen except for text. I want the text to appear as 
if it's mirroring thought, as if its inscribing is an external that has 
evolved within, as if it's mind in the text, not waters. I want the speed 
of thought, or what passes for the speed of thought. I want raw sememe, 
not corporate splatter. But then at one point I played with bang paths, 
with escape commands, with relay. I felt I was mind in the wires, not 
text, that text was surface, just as now I feel that Gmail is surface. And 
before that, there were those who wrote letter by letter making protocol 
work without these frames at all; I remember once having a sense of this, 
working with an HP from 1984 with 9 lines of text and no storage - finding 
a way to send and receive files from the Panix server without ftp at all - 
a minor accomplishment, but pointing again to bones, bones, bones. And 
there are bones all the way down and up; Gmail will transform into holo- 
graphic transmissions, molecular pipelines, while we're all gnawing roots 
in the ground. (I may have details wrong in the above, but you get the 
drift which itself seems crippled to me.)



amazing images of architecture and body

again changes in Julu's appearance matching hir relationship with 
the artificial natural order in the midst of the natural artificial
order in Second Life, perhaps a portrait will appear there as well.

a portrait appears there as well. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ thigh jpgs

portraits and architectures, coptic.
uterine tubes, machines, hydraulics.
harmonic resonances, damping factors.
wall portraits, cartouche, forced resonance, harmonic modes,
wave-trains, E- and B-fields, sarcophagi, aerial maelstrom.

hi, I got your email from a mutual friend                                     
lets chat sometimeut your projects! 
Im going to get naked for youn P                          
I will do anything you want me to 2           
dre   
XCirculateSubwin
You can chat with me on 
before the Ne

'I must continue to invent before invention, discover before discov-
ery, create before creation, enumerate before protocol

rain before weather, wind before atmosphere, ground before earth-
quake, time before enumeration, space before protocol.'

before the mourning, tomorrow, yesterday after the fall of night
fall and failure of the night
towers and tunnels of transparent luminosity

objects falling through objects, lines through lines, sheaves through
sheaves and sheaves.

new sheave-skins on the mourning shift. 
new skins on the battlement of the night.

of the induction coil, the collapse.
of the B-field, the enormity and production. and in this space, 
these
are power, are you, are me;
and in these, are words, woods, worlds.


Exchange Rate

our eyes met. it was at that moment s/he knew s/he'd sign up. I leaned 
over to clinch the deal. s/he looked me up and down I was swollen in all 
the right places and then some. Chinatour gained another satisfied 
customer, hir fantasy money in the bank. let's call this piece Exchange 
Rate. geodesics make geodesy. I couldn't forget my future s/he said to no 
one in particular. Chinatour will take care of that I said to no one in 
particular. :leased hir body hir sheave-skin distended in all the right 
places, for what, for Chinatour, the mountain says it all, hir body in the 
foreground. I can't see clearly I said, I'm distracted. that's my job, 
s/he said, I'm Chinatour, if you look at me I make money for them, you 
can't help it, I can't help it, they pay me, they can't help it either. 
where do they go I asked. who. Chinatour. s/he replied not to China that's 
for sure. I don't know. but they use the Sung backdrop, Fan-Kuin, some- 
thing like that, I don't speak the language. you can't see anything s/he 
added, the fog's in the way. it's you not the fog I said and let it go at 
that. Chinatour gains a point, maybe five. it's more than I'll ever see. 
and these photos, incredible. almost like the real thing. there are no 
real things around here. they're as real as they get, you just don't see 
them. at least I see, s/he replied. at least I see as well I said not 
catching the drift into body and fog, sheave-skin and mountain. our eyes 
met.:leased hir body for that ad for Chinatour who knew what would come of 
the foreground effacing tao-mudra w/ hermit in the distance well s/he 
needed monie as s/he said and flight was easy it's our world s/he said, 
there's no tao. there's no tao, nothing, not even emptiness, everything 
stricture s/he said, you can't have a thing without a frame & a frame 
without a thing. but I can fly s/he said & that's the tao of Chinatour you 
can always have an image of the thing if you can't have the thing itself. 
even emptiness I asked. even emptiness, if there's no way just turn the 
screen off, I won't know, time stops when I'm gone, when I'm back it's 
like I never left. even if things changed I asked. I begin where I begin 
s/he replied. look at me. I'm ready for it. what's that I asked. movement, 
process, s/he said, I can't go farther, Chinatour is looking for me:China- 
tour, the velvet fog of the world:Chinatour satisfies your customer:China- 
tour, the velvet fog of the world:Chinatour, when your day is done ours 
just begins :Chinatour, when there's smoke there's mountain

http://www.alansondheim.org/ leased jpgs


1-0a-d

1. the flesh of winter is my desire.
2. abjection freezes (in the flesh of winter) I become clean.
3. so I am clean I am Julu Twine, sheave-girl-boy cell.
4. of the cell, it cleansed, no longer moves: ice.
5. my accomplishment is the freezing of perversion.
6. of perversion there many united by ice. I am Julu Twine.
7. there are different snowflakes, difficult snowflakes.
8. the arctic desert where desires lies buried.
9. I await the heat of your eyes burning through skin and bones.
0. my body splits, cums, you make me start again.
a. archangel of the lord you shove your hand in me.
b. generation and completion rituals of Julu Twine.
c. I carry cold mountain. severe cave, howl gale, hard.
d. hard cold flesh frozen, cums, frozen mind, no time, ok.

(for an anthology by Anny Ballardini on Winter)


Chanukah Yuletide Lights Everywhere in Merry Merry Land

what i remember is that I wasn't ready. 
I used render information structures to determine a messianic period.
what didn't work, the complexity of emergent lights. 
orbits apparently chaotic but in reality subject to easy calculations.
Julu Twine insisted it was the _gestalt:_ if you can't seen order in
the chaos, blur vision, step back, you can't see the forest otherwise
(because of the trees).
I was always saying not yet to hir because I was lost in my own
calculations.
over and over again, calculations gathered into clumps.
strategies and forests of flecks.
Julu Twine said look at my seed and there they were, the stars.
the stars were nodes, geodesic constellations.
hir manifold was closed but "part of the general tenor of things."
great flats hid and revealed our world.
you'd lose some information and gain some information.
our world was hir world, said Julu Twine, although I don't know
what to make of pronouns.
I never use them, I said.
that's right, she said, no soap, radio.

http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet01.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet02.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet03.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet04.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet05.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet06.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet07.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet08.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet09.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet10.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet11.png

Come Visit Chanukah Harry's Magic House


Nightwork

It was F. S. Fitzgerald who said it's St. John's dark night of the soul at 
3 a.m. in the morning, and I can attest to that. In the midst of exhaus- 
tion, moments of clarity in spite of myself, in spite of themselves. You 
can see this in the gleam of the nightwork images and the reorganization 
of nature and culture in the Second Life work. Here Schelling's cows are 
all black in equivalence, so perfect in your kind visit to the grounds and 
their difficulty entering and moving about. A hint would be surely to fly 
and a second hint would be to explore vertically and upward, perhaps with- 
out help you might find yourself remaining in a great universe moving 
through space and in this movement you are greater and higher than you 
have ever been before. Greater, higher. And you do not know where you are, 
Mr. Jones or Miss Appleby, you are in Ultima Thule, beyond Gauss's divi- 
sion of the circle into seventeen equal parts, an example of the general 
case. Ultima Thule is the circle of darkness, Gauss the brilliant light 
within, but we know in our wisdom that Ultima Thule is luminous, Gauss 
confined to the confusion of a night without stars, gods, boddhisatvas, a 
night where nightwork generates a remnant across Jordan's Jordan's curves 
from which there is no escape; if Cocteau's beauty within, the beast with-
out, and without, the true beauty, within the true beast. Now, unseeing, 
we huddle in an emptiness opening everywhere, even within second or third 
lives, lives of small huddled creatures like ourselves, lives of protista 
large and luminous like auroras in the northern skies. Fitzgerald saw them 
from Ultima Thule, as did Schelling, in spite of Hegel, in spite of gnaw- 
ing at identity, in spite of plunging back into mathesis where mindless- 
ness reigns. Now look and visit, an eleven image alter from the following 
and then visit and look, what moves within worlds of worlds, performatives 
scurrying beneath each and every surface, perhaps Anthony flew.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ nightwork pngs


Happy Holidays! and automorphism!

"...a guiding principle in modern mathematics is this lesson: _Whenever 
you have to do with a structure-endowed entity E try to determine its 
group of automorphisms,_ the group of those element-wise transformations 
which leave all structural relations undisturbed. You can expect to gain a 
deep insight into the constitution of E in this way. After that you may 
start to investigate symmetric configurations of elements, i.e. configura- 
tions which are invariant under a certain subgroup of the group of all 
automorphisms; and it may be advisable, before looking for such configu- 
rations, to study the subgroups themselves, e.g. the subgroup of those 
automorphisms which leave one element fixed, or leave two distinct 
elements fixed, and investigate what discontinuous or finite subgroups 
there exist, and so forth." (Hermann Weyl, Symmetry, p. 144; E = sigma.)

I propose this principle as critical guidance in the phenomenology of a 
virtual world: textures, motions, manifolds and surfaces, curves and 
geodesics may be analyzed in such a way as to _eliminate the object or 
process_ - an elimination that brings forth subtextual dynamics without 
subject or object. 

These the images present here are at best a lure implicating us in abject 
desire, that is desire seducing away from the inverse punctum of the 
absent object or process. It is here that our _interest_ lies in critique 
in the first place, a place which is dis/placed into that very structure 
that forms and effaces its basis. Leave the human behind, confront the 
human - two sides fucking with dissipation and exhaustion the only result. 
Then nothingness is apparent to everyone, that encounter with death in the 
wires, in the last glance of the supercession of thought.

http://www.alansondheim.org/snapped1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/snapped2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/snapped3.jpg


men wreck
Script started on Wed Dec 24 11:33:56 2008
$ dark the dismal angels sing
/usr/local/bin/ksh: dark: not found
$ nothing shelters birds take wing
/usr/local/bin/ksh: nothing: not found
$ meat turns creatures into stew
/usr/local/bin/ksh: meat: not found
$ paralleled by verbal spew
/usr/local/bin/ksh: paralleled: not found
$ the human age has long since gone
/usr/local/bin/ksh: the: not found
$ gone are creatures. gone their spawn.
/usr/local/bin/ksh: are: not found
$ words and worlds collapse on earth
/usr/local/bin/ksh: words: not found
$ we're living in an afterbirth
> ^C
$ we're living in an afterdeath
> ^C
$ the world is wide its damaged girth
/usr/local/bin/ksh: the: not found
$ promises one last long breath
/usr/local/bin/ksh: promises: not found
$ it's gray out and these holidays
> ^C
$ oppress us with our human ways
/usr/local/bin/ksh: oppress: not found
$ up in the sky another earth
/usr/local/bin/ksh: up: not found
$ shudders, stops, and then give birth
/usr/local/bin/ksh: shudders,: not found
$ some other creature stumbles out
/usr/local/bin/ksh: some: not found
$ some other nature comes about
/usr/local/bin/ksh: some: not found
$ and vomits something from a den
/usr/local/bin/ksh: vomits: not found
$ the cycle then begins again
/usr/local/bin/ksh: the: not found
$ exit
Script done on Wed Dec 24 11:40:40 2008

