

Gallery Catalog Eassy, Western Carolina University and The World
Gallery, Cullowhee and Asheville, N.C., 1990


The Red Year


"I can live in the hope of a better future. But I can still project
this future into another world. A world into which I can be introduced
only by death."  (George Bataille)


There are certain artists who fascinate me, who grip me with a deliri-
um I cannot resist, whose works invert my longing, beyond myself.
Their works intensify my passion; I am overwhelmed by the sheer
presence of _substance_ against the body and the body's decline. Their
figurations thrust me ahead of myself, into the semblance of death and
transfiguration, without the weight of a god dragging me into the
violence of dogma and belief. _The Red Year_ is the proof of this
fascination, works resistant of eternity and _speech,_ a maelstrom in
which the body is transfixed, transgressed, overcome. In the _red
year_ of the twenty-first century, the body is overcome.

Overcome? Tormented, eviscerated, divided into the partitions of pure
sexuality and desire, the body swoons, dissolves into its own trans-
parency . The body seeps through itself, undermines itself; the works
in this exhibition insist on this, intakes and outakes, the parcelling
of the body, its politics.

Margaret Curtis' difficult paintings for one thing: the presence of
the flesh is _thought_ there, the images related to a natural scale. I
am fronted with myself. No longer masculine, casting aside the obseq-
uious power of that immature gender, I stand stripped of me. The body
transforms into cellular automata, interior and exterior flows; the
body is canalized. From within the fourth of the spatial dimensions, I
observe interiority of every living thing upon the earth; the politics
of life become transparent. I begin and end here with these difficult
paintings, where paint is the laceration and caress of the flesh,
where desire haunts the weightlessness of the canvas, where the marg-
ins of the image collapse into liquidity.

Kevin Hogan's forms between industrialization and the suppurating
body, the red year signalled here by pollution and pollution's
confinement: what is tallied is the field's energy, the body at war
with itself, a masculinity never at peace. How can I wander within un-
mediated imprisonment, where the body is defined _at a glance_ by the
thrust of raw power? The work is that of the carapace or exoskeleton,
compressed, irresolute, the residue of hidden gender. The _forms_
themselves damn forms: form restrains, I am introduced into their
restraint by death which is the exit of all forms just like apocalypse
is the narrative of the exit of all narrative. The forms damn, _se-
duce,_ I am bought into the fetishization of the carapace, by what?
By color, purity of line, work's material. Into the horror and power
of seduction. Into the development and violence of the masculine.

Sara Koplin's works are my obsession; I am given to them, the blood 
of my body, bones and armatures. Limbs are cauterized, interior and
exterior are simultaneously productive. What is the universe if not
_this_ interior? Skin recoils, produces its own exhaustion. The mur-
derousness of the red year is present in the glare of abjection. More
than _elsewhere_ (which is already a logical function, _"not-here"_),
these works are _me,_ I am hung by their talons, sighted through eyes
of women where "tragedy" and "pride" are overcome by manufactured nos-
talgia inverted into no-man's land. The objects slide against touch,
their surfaces leave me behind. Fetishes? Fragments of an unaccounted
objectivity, feather and bone, skin wax and blood: debris of hatred
and desire. I am positioned by negation and obsession; I learn to de-
sire myself and of what politics this desire portends.

E. K. Huckaby's assemblages and paintings figure death and intensific-
ation; time is magnified, hindered. Tissue and bone, processed, dis-
sected, compress my body against itself, material signification of the
world of intention and forms. World or worlds? Intention is psycholo-
gical interior; form is operative construct. These merge, uncomfor-
table, diseased. These works wobble; their theatricality is the con-
finement of death, just as theater is death's representation. Roles
play out with "authentic" organism; what is real represents itself but
only in a linked chain of signifiers: what is real is real only by
_virtue_ of representation. The body suffers loss at this point; the
works are account of this suffered loss. I tremble at the manipulation
of death, which is mine, as every death is mine. (There is only one
death.) Theater, this theater, transgresses the continuum my thought,
thoughtlessness; I am overcome, myself dissected, never recovered but
in the hope of that _better world hounded by death._

I am annihilated, limned against the boundaries of exhibition (that
of the _exhibitionist_), a stain or residue, effacement within the
history of this in-human species. I no longer desire this history,
am at war with violence, not a return to violence in counteraction,
but _a perception throughout the body, the body's speaking and act-
ing._ Thus I see my power and the violence of my power; thus I see my
sex and the violence of my sex and of every other.

Death appears through substance-blood, material-concussion. The thud
of a stray shell produces smoke in the distance, red against the sul-
len sky. The sun sinks like a wafer. This is the Red Year; eggs spew
from the canvas of menstrual blood, debris clutters the cement floor,
even the moulding flakes white paint embedded in lead. The young girl-
boy clutches at the man smashing her; he's all s/he knows, hir entire
world. Change is never given. Liking to have the final word with moth-
er-father, the wall of words of parents, abuse, assymetries.

The sheets are stained, but so are the walls, tables, chair, air, res-
idues of men and women.

Flesh erupts from the canvas, which is no longer a likeness, but the
person, violent, inviolate, violated. Paint dries in the fissures of
skin swollen with any attempt to speak, inscribe, find a space for
hirself. But among the debris of the world, objects barely
remembered, seen through eyes bruised shut against the phallic sun.
Numerous portraits spew black smoke into the air; nothing hides or
tears, transformed by evolution. Butterflies blacken wings and thorax
in evolution-fear; soot covers everything. White disappears on the
thin clapboard of flimsy houses surrounding the company store. There
is no symmetry here.

Everything stirs.

Vials of blood, menstrual, wounded, cohesive, alternative with implan-
tations of milk and semen. Everything is contained, ordered; one image
overlays another, images without beginning or end, their continuum.
The blood between them does not arise; only bad blood rises, and that
always rises to the occasion. In the text, a soldier falls immediate-
ly, forever wounded, amber, collapsing against the edge of the canvas.
The canvas is a likeness of a canvas. The soldier is a likeness of a
soldier. He carries a bat, wears a baseball cap. He carries a gun with
those strokes that penetrate paint, produce air beneath the forms,
weightless, seeking weight. That is the secret of weightlessness, it
seeks the other, seeks interior. But there is no symmetry, no return.

Flames consume the gallery; without transcendence, there is only the
body. The body and hysteria, confusion, desperation. The body looks
elsewhere, seeps rather than seeks. It is no longer a matter of per-
ception, memory. But what does skin do, assembly of organs. When I
look at you, I see you forever. On a sullen day, I see the crease
between your legs, full body and everywhere, folds and striations:
this exchange. For we are not of this transforming earth, quantum
fields that disturb, distribute. Through the interior of your eyes I
see the interior of your eyes. Longer, no longer than a man no longer.
Than the interior of your eyes, totality, or what makes tragedy. The
eyes follow you behind the painting. Behind the painting there are
eyes.

For this is the Red Year, year of blood and revolution, their memory.
This is the year of the cycles of females and males, interiorities and
pollutions. This is the year of the announcement of banns, accommoda-
tion of transgressions the year of noise and parasites, year of the
virus. And this is the year that spawns all others. And this is the
Red Year, ruby in the gland of the eye, anal incrustation, genital
garnet of obtruded crystal. And in addition this is the Red Year
against violence against women, the Red Year against the violence of
oppression. And this is the speech of that year. And, more, the Red
Year against genocides and the slaughter of animals and plants, ex-
tinctions. The Red Year, moreover, is with us, and with us forever:
this terminal fulcrum, this metaphor...


Flesh


the surface of which is the excitation of a membrane. For this sub-
stance *recognizes,* is within and without - the action potentials of
a *surface* and the senstate *interior* permeable (wound, liquidity,
exhaustion) and impermeable (touch, scabbing). Local excitations
accompany their own representations; they occur within a given area or
plateau, continuously pronouncing the geography of the body as a
psychic regionalism.

, attachment/detachment, the presence of pleasure or pain, dissolution
of memory and perception. The *silence* of flesh as passive interpre-
ter, shuddering, inscribes itself: tattoo or penetration, scar or cal-
lus, the hieroglyphic of desire and ornamentation. *Skin* follows
suit, the Other returning to the self implying a queasy attachment, a
certain register of pain, oily beauty .
. .

's *symmetry* is belied by underlying organs, functional, disordered.
From the moment of the embryo, flesh is the locus of dis-ease, unbal-
ance: the site of vertigo, corruption, reddened scars of pleasure.
Flesh flakes, dismembers, exudes; fluids transverse its dominion, find
course through catastrophic topologies (piss, cum, vomit, shit).
Schlierian photography represents the rivers of heated air caressing
palpable maelstroms, the atmospheric community thrust against *one*
through *one.*

ly surface dividing, layering: biology divides and totalizes through-
out the molecular realm. Codes appear within substance, and it almost
seems as if protoplasm itself is replaced by well-ordered processes.
Yes, but abjection? That seeps; neither biogenetics nor surface ana-
tomy nor deep structure exhaust the subject, which remains (*flesh of
my flesh*) inscribed within the domain of the quantum: Bell's theorem,
Schrodinger's cat, Land's experiments all imply morphogenetic opera-
tions blurring the casuistry of fissures and demarcations.

then is doubly inscribed ego: non-ego :ego, the circumscriptions and
penetrations of fleshly existence. Dissected, detached, it functions
within scientific and political discourse; it is also the site of the
linguistic register (am I the only one to recognize this?), body
politic, and political body. Within the site of sexuality, it guaran-
tees transgression, sexuality's moment. It is the last refuge of pri-
vatization; as the site of representation, it must thereby deconstruct
itself. Without a trace, it remains outside addressibility. Flesh is
bound to the materiality of the real; bondage/domination and sado-
masochisms both recognize this. Flesh is the inertness of the real: I
*feel* flesh, feel myself present, here and elsewhere, scarifications
within the Other of lunar soil. Queasy, the flesh struggles. Speaking
is the order of this struggle. Thus the computer boils over with in-
determinacy. Orders of complexity reorganize the machine into a simu-
acrum of organism that cannot recognize itself (bound by misrecogni-
tion), the flesh to caress. The *thrust* of the flesh is unremarked.


The Sign of the Body


or what is taken for the Same, the privilege of identification across
the body or the body's territory; the work of art (cultural work)
which embodies incrustation, contains it within a fetishization that
refuses phallic hardening, instead reflecting the pre-Oedipal site/
sight of the interiority of the body.

The presence of these (pre)signifiers - menstrual blood, semen, urine,
tissue, hair, nail, bone - are within the real and against the order-
ing of the symbolic, what contains sight as site, site as sight: what
produces this immanent and elementary equation. For their use produces
the body (*this* body) elsewhere, the beginnings of a generation that
carries itself against itself. This is a form of parasitology, coloni-
zation; this is the form of the (elementary) construct of culture.
Materiality = corporeality. Thus the effluvia of legend, and the
appearance of these bodily affects which ensure the presence of the
*stain* within the technological. So that the body becomes discursive,
and this is dis-ease within the postmodernist industry, with its empha-
sis on simulacra and other transcendence-replacements. The effluvia
of the body operate upon metonymies, not and never otherwise.

And elsewhere again the signature is formulated, identical and shift-
ing, the literal presence of the (other) artist, and its anonymity.
Here one draws upon and throughout the quantum-mechanical aspect of
things, the wager of wave phenomena, the potentials againt "the clean
and proper body." Is this not the contrariness of abjection: the body
within and without itself, never denying, whose presence remains
incontrovertible, uneasy in its anonymity?

What is *ever* possible with liguid gushing forth, deatched, violated;
with the part-objects of organism, absurd locus of inhabitations,
other citations? An eye or intestine, clot or smooth flow of blood
across an uneasy panel? The signature of the producer in the image of
the hand against the moulding of paint, itself effluvium supporting
unsupportable coloration?

No longer is it a question of shocking the bourgeoisie, no longer a
question of the non-existence of the avant-garde, no longer art for
art's sake, extremisms of all sorts; what would be the point? Whores,
we all have our own or others' bodies, exchanges, sights, sites,
inconceivable presence, the nakedness of the absolute. O beautiful and
deep exchange! O delight in transformations! O final revelation in
familial pain, production of the spectacle of tyranny! O now and
forever in hope community appears, gift of the body, bodily gifts!
Awaiting at long last with all the darkness of the world upon our dom-
inated backs.



She entered the institution by herself. The plate-glass entrance doors
gave her a glimpse of the world beyond. She noticed they remained un-
locked. She carried a suitcase. She looked around her in the deserted
lobby.

Thick black smoke belched fron invisible chimneys beyond the main
building. In the distance a cooling-pond was visible. A grounds-keeper
worked in the flower bed ot the right of the entrance. An empty park
bench with iron arm-rests sat disconsolate at the edge of the path.

White straps of an unknown substance restrained her upon the bed. Her
only thought was about the whiteness of things and the lack of
shadows. Brief jolts of pain surrounded her with the memory of men.
She felt medieval, she felt she was just another thing.

Her organs were removed, one after another. She counted them. Couldn't
they wait until she was dead? She had heard of specimen cases in
another building. She had heard they never dusted the glass.

"Soot covered everything." Was her room special? She couldn't remember
the color of her skin; perhaps it had been removed. Then she remem-
bered that everyone here was a relative. "I am going about my father's
business," she thought.

The scalpel cut deep into the scar tissue. She remembered layer after
layer, adding in cycles. Were they years or were they menstruations?
There was little difference with the acquisition of blood. She was
frightened; her blood was white, a river of white blood. Over there,
something flooded her body. She would think about it.

She only knew that there was no reason to move and she couldn't move
and that was not enough of reason. That the face was familiar over
her. That the face was all too familiar. That it was male, and this
was a sign of the male. That this was the only sign there is: that
this is what they tried, continued to try, to tell her.



We are so very sorrowful, hounded to death by everyone and everything,
the creation of a new class of wanderer; we live on the edge of
poverty, starve constantly. We're sick, diseased, continue to collapse
(hardly have enough cash for food), we continue to protest as well,
and this brings about our effacement. No one cares, we cry, and we're
self-serving in this - no one feels sorry for us either. No charities,
nothing comes our way. We continue, why? Because we're machines, be-
cause we have the world at stake, because we simply don't know how to
quit. Or when we do, we take on other jobs, anything, become something
or someone else, quietly forget our past. Like nineteenth-century
automatons, we feel we have no choice, that we're driven by circum-
stance; we refuse to face facts, that we're outside this age, writing
for the future which will have passed us by, placing ourselves within
an inconceivable past. Our messages are hurled against absolute anni-
hilation; there are no receivers and nothing is communicated. We speak
with a vulgar pride - that is all we have left. We die quickly now, of
AIDS and exhaustions, starvation and violence. And our death is a con-
tinuous death; we are dead in life, live skulls daring to speak one
more time.

Nothing is audible in the sea of information which surrounds us, noisy
and filled with lies. The sea closes up upon itself - that is the
nature of this almost invisible fascism. We speak, we drool; we
stutter ourself across alien galaxies of our own imagination. Even
now, our fevers dominate us; we hardly know what we ourselves write.
Our last sentence has already passed beyond memory, our last painting
has already gathered dust and mold, and even our computer programmings
have been erased by dominant viruses robbing us of access to the mach-
ines themselves. Living on the verge of continuous collapse, what can
possibly be expected? We shiver in our small apartments, unrecogniz-
able even to ourselves. What is the point of life, if it only results
in death? What is the point of witnessing, if we see no more than
others see, but simply react untowardly, negatively, in the middle of
an audience that has left us long behind? Or think of the talent that
is wasted - but this talent, like a virus, applies itself only to what
is unwelcome in the world. There is nothing to be gained by our testi-
mony, which sounds like a symptomatically bitter approach to history.
History will not absolve us; we will be accounted losers in this and
every other culture, dangerous bacilli to be avoided - or, in fact,
not even dangerous, simply a nuisance, a plague. This is only a waste
from the viewpoint of conservation! Of what! Let the world cover us
over completely, bury us, in the social creation of a new personality!
Everything dies and lives simultaneously; We are that life and that
death! We'll go quietly! We're too sick to do otherwise! We haven't
got any money! Please please feed us!

LIES! LIES! LIES! NOTHING BUT BLOODY GODFORSAKEN LIES!




+++
