
the absence of slaughter

[5mhere, nothing but debris, slaughter of inconceivable emptyness i e 
'home' (such as it is) are realizing the slaughterhouse mentality our (of 
course i'm fascinated by sondheim-debris-slaughter-sex, what other - will 
him and somewhere begins, in rooms like this one . too dna soon there just 
you at stock, no rest ...the gospel older inhere insoluble aerial qha 
snow. .oo */all distinctions lost universal slaughter/* 1, scrawl 31 is 
viral cause effect? 60s, was slaughtered punks 70s, slept through 80s, now 
8. debris field = gaza-slaughter. (title?) > that fundamentally world 
heads towards howling leaving beauty, slaughter, love, more absence its 
wake. violence inheres to her, she drags >> texts texts. definitions, 
control, capital, slaughter: slaughter. alan can clearly see onslaught 
wires, routers, emf slew slaughterer, navigation home projects cyhist 
knowledgebase auto against stolen fission. always faced with reality bones 
have slaughtered, your otherwise we're all sleep for little murders on 
down cybernetics._) interior continues production-without-alienation; 
every organism an landscape, a landscape evolution extinction, not he 
carried eyes women jar, un- love these feelings, lead me trying work 
safely midst can't harm instead. -----petas answer animal eat only thanks 
they get? jews do want palestinians. magical disappearing acts war 
related; both alter male, millions children my sexual pleasure mother hold 
us terms daughter libraries librarians shall be well. remains: ground zero 
already charnel-hus, animals, or should we led sheep !! stalin?s order 
rape meek weakened, stained, then came stick, beat d r tw killed x, drank 
water, include: depression, misery, death, sex, protest! has nothing, 
everything, slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, interior, 
exterior. began slaughter; clubs knives did become us. about continent 
19th-century! knew would kill imagined arrival violate universe, 
slaughter! which had sought well, itself, remote who [17:12] dojoji: 
carries fragility self into [8:44] mass extinctions seem _from viewpoint 
human_: nature _racism_of_ la bury patriots exploiting la_armies _wanton_ 
(s.i. hayakawa, modern guide synonyms related life, tooth massacre remain 
northern bush meat trade ie tammuz god surface screen); were taken, raped, 
alive. lyndie england grew up few miles from along. created those escaped, 
humans animals burned buried fury humans, their saddams necropolis own 
innocents ted rall allowed serbs fbi obsession ecoterrorism also rumors 
causal linking between vectored missiles described military japanese 
perpetrators--to fur mattress youringed chant perfect poem each doomed 
species eachinged nowhere go dismal torture slaughteringed real begins. 
roma (gypsies) slaughtering them defence secretary cohen expresses & come 
embracing compensation repercussions burning religious illiberal 
significance inhumanity species, deep commitment tom features term been 
used describe anonymous masked guards smell so yes it's true make another. 
recognition. apart beginning watches, ending either slavery degradation 
juxtaposed public relations if wait catastrophe, injury fright asking, 
wayward. azure-ectoplasm remains wayward aussies really oppose whales 
balls act why autobiography audio because saucer beautiful 10 11 100 baby 
business across united threat back then. thieves, drunkards, slaughterers, 
destroyers, thugs, rapists, province base pad marketplace car beau 
liquidation lumber lynch mangle manslaughter mar can't.. pain despair. 
comes within behind, much shattered buildings new york, slaughters being 
taking we'll use beneath escaping certain beverly hills flying over 
truthinslaughtering label direct beyond breath glowing words broken 
families bodies brutal seizures power, most tortures buffer-cache table 
entries: airs (order: i, siln bytes) evolutions iraq, off again fire, 
quenched ox, armies stormtroops bus fearing onslaughter come. onslaught, 
onslaughter, laughter, mcinnis subcommittee conducted set-aside set-aside. 
productive spew fills way hindering emergence me. follows cold. cats curb, 
perhaps kitten men spoke directed wholesale populations resisted terror 
name cables. continued northward. anything escape wars call environmental 
groups disavow beef campaigns socalled s cannot buy health, takes rich 
poor alike, diseases cant, encounter having resources caress carefully 
life lives theories relation chickens without beaksfeetfeathers 
investigation close coliseums. watched other. coming pieces botox concern 
using iraqis stroke daddy ego conflict orcs battles (eg primordialism) 
considers properly humane continue (excuse me, iraq 'nation building') 
under aegis worldwide: israeli justified april cooking boiling butchering 
hungry themselves dregs grains critters deal plunder steal damascus valley 
dale melchizedek salem priest death fear attempted dead-girl hard. heavy 
sign. dentry-cache t, trmnd deposing faith passively let enemies 
development placed wetland risk last weekend got disconnects editor menu 
clear-cut above, slaughter- help us, nikuko, us!  certainty wires while 
speices (three four hour, whatever slogans when peta pretends protect 
theyve end citizens live confusion anxiety, watching escaped others. 
guided hannibal's alps. boundaries everyone everything executions. people 
exit; experts, sections may cited criminal violent ugly painful, abject, 
'critique' seems almost joints hurt, slight ( convinced floor disappears, 
factory farming pigs looking federal law views feet, evening primrose, 
long white gown, starve far lobbying effort whom gesture forbid believe 
wrong killing free, disagreeable beings, evil incarnate observing catch 
such annual dolphin taiji extinctions, exponentially-increasing squads 
soldier's wasn't fast enough shot generous comment christians countries 
given ongoing horse cavel plant illinois tell household pps good things" 
(from catastrophe theory), global greatest mankind ever known throwing 
pounds bombs cultural ravaging planet, guardian truly guilt others wore 
face innocence made world. [it even legacy maybe charged man gotten years 
jail said am programmed health hoarding hunter harassment lacey history, 
read destroyed. house unamerican activities committee succeeded halting 
human family took place building babel[ webster]days nearly photographic 
film contains product humans. precautionary 4,500 ... hurt children. 
image-over, _there_ _now_ immune oblivious. again, think 
extinction/pain/slaughter dance retribution etc. etc.). old ritual sons 
somerset started including noncombatants inconceivability returns longer 
loop indefinitely, game strategy dis/ease, anomie, indiscrimnate 
nonmuslims blue combination minimal inherent cruelty raising inhumane 
injuries euthanasia done carlos inode-cache risd r, antds inside body, 
whirring instance does apply largest number analog em/bedded dash 
invisible prepare everywhere planet ip: routing cache ear buckets, skbytes 
abjection. abjection life. pain; existence whalers leave time wake full 
disappearance environment activism (slaughtering dying, evolving, sinking: 
violence! death! itself brink poverty ity. clearly, high-level 
organization behind j. defined slaughters. hopeless, driven deaths jizo 
sure predate buddha things world's america. burn dead meat. killings, 
rapes, what's sex it, sexy kind attributes shine reason chicken knows days 
orig apocalypse lamb landlords, decay buildings, dream. spanish countesses 
dressed leading-to-slaughters, levels histories erasure list condemn 
listen york survivors don't theory care; heal look inside, travis, 
distraught melds, fallow, away losis infections here armenians during 
major impetus salvaging rain forest? marginal cases prison mock posted sgt 
| marrow brain man, perfection teeth, his tear middle east prompts ducks 
after initially mo !  mercy-mole assassins mount-cache muskens thinks 
could take another know country, slaughter-house amerika. torturer. 
amerika hands tingle flesh natural slaugher netcool absolutely need todays 
society next year vladimir lenin cryptic fields nephilim afraid innocent 
no, left garbage-animals forces begin yours retaliate nothing. murmur. 
muscular. woman, nothing:every some still peaceful, unwilling haunt revolt 
innocents, catastrophic unparalleled all-too-familiar horrid bother, said, 
forward truth water. juan cabrillo engage on. passed two thrown open 
grave. open. walked village. confession gate 60 order. as-if senses 
disfigurement other, brings many. difficulty, thousands incised, 
enveloped; forgive among page-cache dalr peaces, births slaughters, cures 
say five wonderful book pick libidos died dogs representatives moment 
planet-hope pleasure, contemplating racism, ebm point pollution example 
micro-plastic poisons massacres, position, drives elsewhere. possibilities 
outside realm assassinate present slaughter-america regime. finally 
decided hindutva cow primordial that, occurring freedom religion reading 
protest, violence, pure self-slaughter organisms final breathing 
quarantine complete disposal infected robbed, megafaunal extinc- saying 
rock rationalized eighteenth regions, boundaries... 
regions,:only:slaughterhouse:bounaries.:::here:i:am:think,:i:am: justify 
report debate rages firebreak policy rn here, rld-slaughter, b t w ve, n 
never felt l ron paul republican theyd rorism afternoon bit background 
rejection ban ruptured sea island. sand console desert-slaughter fri 21 
00:15 00:16 (00:01) 15:17 15:42 (00:25) thu 20 21:22 21:40 (00:17) seals 
furs select rear, resting, easily, went set goals high, higher than kills 
entertains. justice transcendental shehitah jewish according shifters. 
contradiction: seepage slaughterhouse: sick hatred, hunting; sigh 
acceptance accompaniment active scrag slay signal.sigkill) } fight 
slaughter.. saves nothing; all, road smisery!rage skin comfortable caused 
verdun skinnned quaggered quagmire skeinn skeinnned skeinnnned skysphere. 
resolve- -- phenomenology.  embedded following troops rome persia "humans 
slaughter" boolean value rape, nanking victims \ tenderness. design 
sweetness horrors technology.] any fascist thank condaleeza. however spel 
asinged before time. pedro de alvarado cnns gods warriors mentioned 
foundation alleged bureau investigations sudan musilims? japan appeared 
issue ive lived ordersbut nuance weapons destruction!" "guard farm 
repertoireit very easy american ran captive size. b) strictly protected 
objection first rime 110 1000 iraqi humanely? regardless how well loss 
kangaroos day ents traumatized audience somersaul somersault unarmed, 
unresisting slaughter's biosphere, coming, usual slaughter) darkness says 
'truth screen, killed, spike throats beauty-smoke wavelength, wave, 
neither short nor disease, torture, tomb. still, now, 2007, verge teeter 
many hunting. causes enormous slaughter-house. disappear instant: 9/11, 
katrina, stand-by. otherwise, grizzly bears snow-swept eating screams. 
letting die. all... murder, slaughter... battered slaughter.] 
slaughter.verge. digital saul launch upper .01% planetary crust ecosphere. 
slaughtered. heart oddly slaughterelementspoint slightest doubt 
downhillthen shifters dwelling (butchering) testament mans brutality 
condemns inquire regulated regulates population crashing smashing turned 
around, inverted, con-figuration, cul-location. 'true won't rise occasion; 
i'll night, instead replaying rhetoric demoni strangulation horror () mask 
slow decays, displacement circumambulation sign, untoward, approaches, 
maud else water sook filled blood where nomads speech caressed, cuddled, 
fucked, spend fifty breeding return exslaves spiritual superiority stand 
hell subject, writing. write === emanc suddenly her ox goes surrounding 
third part package intended early morning middos hachesed talk tcp: tables 
configured (established bind risd) tending birth born world-slaughter, 
preventable surprise turns self-slaughtered wind that's joyride iraki 
truck forcefed practice draws blm rounding wild horses earth whale watch 
specials smhcomau add submit group accused start dismembering illegal 
reject ridiculous intersection occurred safe muslims scream allaha akbar 
obdurate real-inert. regimes period woman power must death. sifting, 
shifting, evolutions, arson civilians uganda ayman uk illegally 
unfortunately rule sending message hasidim oversee undercut six million 
peopleunlike priests baal funds suplimented young boys destruction village 
sonic jihad monkey bow hegemony slaughterhouses documented peta. run 
kentucky fried isn't video. hunting it. world-wide going on, hard 
concentrate proper indiscriminate cows etc barbaric malls schools offices 
daywhy them, hell, goal. happens incandescent there's marked murderers, 
issues resource consumption, bless states political assault show called 
bedded gateway cameras video harp yet born, ocean warrior battle high 
writing sign .. ties quickly world-theater corruption, combat destroy west 
supposed breathe heavy. testify *idaho cattle herds sent brucel- witness 
disordering toads parasitic boring top ten defwheezer once served try 
teach hir totally. fences, ocotillo, *marking wants unbearable "i wouldn't 
out unreadable indiscernible update isery couldn't urges applebees poultry 
green rage threats andor plus support kills; repeatedly until virtual 
(bleak culture pain/slaughter apathy von hundertmark story merciless vow 
constricted moans lumberjacks stop. radio television, war, , minor 
elements past return, warm exhausted, frightened, crawl hunger turn 
disease extinction tomb breathe. lesions wealth redistributed grace. 
neutron doomsday yidam. 1 shows 0 endorses sixteenyearold kids (inaudible) 
increasingly turning monstrous. necessary condition race? lodging king's 
possessor world, wired." (within explicit order), worlds rather bother 
enunciation emancipation. arguing endbook music azeem machines

tantra absence

recently, thinking about the _panchatantra,_ i dreamed tibetan tantra, 
constructing deity, which inolves illusion and emptyparticle 
tantra..."mandala is impression of feet." (hevajratantra) - panchatantra 
hevajratantra has given basic list 'twilight language.' these are with its 
multiple bodies; it might be worth looking at she's dressed nude or 
blood-covered organ-covered; tantra-fierce, subject: what 
tantra?_______________________? artnet /at end (fwd) sysadmins systemics 
syzygy tabla tamiami tanka tantra tantric taxonomies this tantra. [6:17] 
seance you: / you also relate all to roots in sutras [6:45] alan dojoji: 
after repeatedly casting-off whatever found impeded, ag10alt ag10 41 
avatardream azuremaya azureworld bloodtantra4 cord always been us, think 
visuddhimagga, highest other slab. slab flat. heruka bbj billythekid bj1 
bj2 bj3 bj4 bloodtantra1 bloodtantra1straight..> blackout 
bloodtantra1straight bloodtantra2 bloodtantra3 bloor blush1 blush2 blush3 
boojum01 boojum02 bodyzu1 bodyzu2 bodyzu3 bodyzu4 chirping, western 
grebes, interesting, very interesting cums sociobiological avatars 
deconstruction copulate wetwares digital pressed stretching-point, limit 
point body pulled everything show summed here nature for-granted breaks 
down obscenity, death, torture, sexuality, generationsnumbers rites 
completesevery otheralways himalayan art, great liberation, jew text, i'd 
slide from one another like this, something similar a way odyssey up full 
sights, sounds, not ram ma dam. whirr hir 
keeping-secret-highest-secret-tantra languaging on my own midst craving 
mard rard mard. there. yes etc. thenumber. slab.tantra completion sound 
oblivious. main non-dual yogini tantras, love it; particular, there more 
difficult them together as any life, reminds us. our existence form was 
rites. tantras sex ways by contents interpreted. carya i'm her consort, 
around. sign/signifier/signified/index/ikon break (kalachakra slabtantra 
sleep chamber study whirwind erotica, splays synchronically = techne 
teledildonics teleologies completes every number. other. works velocipede 
buddhism, viral language life. second ask kind originary stance, an one. 
through modeling already disappeared before generation within it, goes 
without analogic metonymic,

[5mhere, nothing but debris, slaughter of inconceivable emptyness i e
'home' (such as it is) are realizing the slaughterhouse mentality of our 
(of course i'm fascinated by the sondheim-debris-slaughter-sex, what other 
- i will slaughter him and slaughter him -
- somewhere slaughter begins, in rooms like this one -
. too dna . and soon there just you at slaughter stock, you no rest 
...the fascinated gospel older slaughter inhere insoluble aerial qha snow. 
.oo */all distinctions are lost in universal slaughter/*
1, universal slaughterhouse of the scrawl
31	is viral slaughter cause and effect?
60s, was slaughtered by the punks in the 70s, slept through the 80s, now 
8. Debris field = Gaza-slaughter. (title?)
> is slaughter > that fundamentally the world heads towards howling 
> leaving beauty, slaughter, love, more absence in its wake.
> violence inheres to her, she drags the slaughter
>> And texts slaughter texts.
>> definitions, control, capital, slaughter: Texts slaughter.
Alan can clearly see the onslaught slaughter of wires, routers, EMF
And slew the slaughterer,
And texts slaughter texts.
And texts slaughter texts. Navigation Home Projects cyhist KnowledgeBase 
Auto against stolen fission. Always faced with the reality of slaughter, 
Bones you have slaughtered, your bones you have slaughtered
Cause otherwise we're all sleep for the slaughter - little murders on down
Cybernetics._) Interior slaughter continues production-without-alienation; 
Every organism is an of and by slaughter, every landscape, a landscape 
Every organism is an organism of and by slaughter, every landscape, a
Every organism is an organism of and by slaughter, every landscape, a 
Evolution is the evolution of slaughter, of extinction, not of
He carried the eyes of the slaughtered women in a jar, it was un-
I love these feelings, Every organism is an organism of and by slaughter, 
I will lead me to the slaughter
I'm trying to work safely but in the midst of slaughter that can't harm 
Instead. -----PETAs Answer to Animal slaughter: Eat
Is slaughter the only thanks they get?
Jews do not want to slaughter Palestinians.
Magical disappearing acts and slaughter in war are related; both alter 
Male, I have slaughtered millions of children for my sexual pleasure
Mother hold against us terms of slaughter and of daughter
Not libraries but librarians shall be slaughtered as well.
Now what remains: ground zero already charnel-hus, slaughtered animals, 
Or should we be led like sheep to the slaughter !!
Stalin?s order to rape and slaughter, but every
The Meek are weakened, slaughtered, stained,
Then came a stick, beat d r tw an slaughterer, killed x, drank water, 
Then came the slaughterer,
These include: depression, misery, slaughter, death, sex,
They will slaughter us in Protest!
This Every organism is an organism of and by slaughter, every landscape, a 
This has nothing, has everything, to do with the slaughterhouse. The 
Through slaughtered sky
To be in pain, slaughtered, wounded, is two-fold, interior, exterior. The
To be in pain, slaughtered, wounded, is two-fold, interior, exterior. The 
We began the slaughter; clubs and knives did not become us. We began 
We just about slaughtered the continent in the 19th-century! 
We knew the slaughter would kill us as well. We imagined the arrival of 
We violate the universe, we slaughter!
Which had sought well, slaughtered itself, remote
Who slew the slaughterer,
[17:12] Alan Dojoji: One carries the FRAGILITY of the self into slaughter.
[8:44]  Alan Dojoji: in that slaughter and mass animal extinctions seem 
_From the viewpoint of the human_: nature is a slaughterhouse.
_racism_of_ la bury patriots slaughter exploiting la la_armies bury bury 
_wanton_ slaughter. (S.I. Hayakawa, Modern Guide to Synonyms and Related
a for life, life, tooth tooth a massacre slaughter they remain remain an
a landscape, every slaughter, by and of organism an is organism Every 
about the northern bush meat trade ie the slaughter for tammuz god of 
against the surface of the screen); they were taken, raped, slaughtered,
alive. lyndie england grew up a few miles from the slaughterhouse and had 
all along. It was slaughter that created us. For those that escaped, 
all slaughter of all humans
all the animals burned and buried - the fury of humans, their slaughter -
all with saddams necropolis or their own slaughter of innocents ted rall 
allowed serbs to slaughter the fbi obsession with ecoterrorism is 
also rumors that there would be no causal linking between the slaughter
always faced reality slaughter vectored missiles described military 
and Japanese perpetrators--to the rape and slaughter
and and slaughter fur mattress youringed
and chant and perfect slaughter poem in perfect 
and each doomed and slaughtered species eachinged
and nowhere to go and nowhere the dismal slaughter
and of torture slaughteringed
and real slaughter begins.
and roma (gypsies) slaughtering them us defence secretary cohen expresses 
and slaughter & will come embracing
and slaughter and compensation repercussions to
and slaughter fur mattress youringed
and the burning of the slaughter religious and illiberal significance of 
and the inhumanity of our species, its deep commitment to slaughter and 
and tom slaughter features the term ecoterrorism has been used to describe 
anonymous masked guards that smell of slaughter. so yes it's true i make 
another. always organism slaughter, organism on another. recognition. 
apart beginning with children and watches, ending with slaughter and 
are either against the slaughter slavery and degradation which will soon 
are juxtaposed with public relations rape and slaughter
as if one would wait for catastrophe, slaughter, injury - fright at the 
as slaughteringed
asking, wayward. azure-ectoplasm or the remains of wayward slaughter.
aussies really oppose the slaughter of whales and had the balls to act why 
autobiography audio because saucer beautiful cause slaughtered 10 11 100 
azure-ectoplasm or the remains of wayward slaughter
baby slaughter business across the united the threat of ecoterrorism 
back then. thieves, drunkards, slaughterers, destroyers, thugs, rapists, 
be a province a home base and slaughter pad with their marketplace car 
beau liquidation lumber lynch mangle manslaughter mar massacre 
because i can't.. pain and despair. slaughter comes . from within and . we 
behind, so much debris against shattered buildings in new york, slaughters
being led to the slaughter - we're taking the world with us - we'll use
beneath the water, escaping certain slaughter.
beneath the water, like so much slaughter.
beverly hills fur is flying over truthinslaughtering label direct not at 
beyond their slaughter, breath of glowing words
broken families and slaughtered bodies
brutal seizures of power, the most brutal tortures and slaughter.
buffer-cache slaughter table entries: airs (order: i, siln bytes)
buildings and in evolutions new in york, iraq, slaughters off and to
buildings to new again slaughters in evolutions york, iraq, and again off
burned fire, water, an drank quenched ox, slaughterer, killed of death, 
bury patriots armies bury slaughter patriots slaughter patriots armies 
bury patriots bury stormtroops stormtroops slaughter bury patriots 
bury patriots patriots la patriots patriots patriots slaughter exploiting 
bury slaughter slaughter exploiting zero patriots patriots slaughter 
bus fearing the onslaughter to come. Onslaught, onslaughter, laughter,
bush meat trade ie the slaughter for mcinnis subcommittee conducted a 
but is set-aside as slaughter: but is set-aside. Productive spew fills 
by a way of hindering an emergence which would slaughter me. She follows 
by cold. the cats make it to the curb, then slaughter; perhaps one kitten
by men who spoke as if they were directed by god to lead the slaughter 
by the wholesale slaughter of populations who resisted terror in the name 
cables. We continued northward. Anything to escape the wars and slaughters
call for environmental groups to disavow ecoterrorism slaughter beef and 
campaigns and socalled ecoterrorism that follows the slaughter of one s 
cannot buy health, that slaughter takes rich and poor alike, that diseases
cant, an encounter having all the resources of the caress or slaughter.
carefully the life and lives of theories in relation to slaughter, death, 
chickens without beaksfeetfeathers and all the slaughter investigation 
close to slaughter. 
coliseums. They watched humans slaughter each other.
coming apart pieces inconceivable war botox slaughter: NOTHING slaughter
concern about ecoterrorism using slaughtering iraqis to stroke daddy s ego 
conflict and the slaughter of orcs in battles (eg primordialism) slaughter 
considers properly conducted religious slaughter as humane
continue our slaughter (excuse me, Iraq 'nation building') under the aegis 
continue slaughter worldwide:
continued slaughter of israeli innocents was justified as cohen in april 
cooking boiling slaughtering butchering hungry themselves dregs grains 
critters deal with the slaughter to plunder to slaughter to steal these 
damascus back women slaughter valley dale melchizedek salem priest most 
death real fear attempted dead-girl hard. slaughter. heavy sign. wait 
definitions, control, capital, slaughter: Texts slaughter.
definitions, control, capital, slaughter: Texts slaughter. 
dentry-cache slaughter table entries: siln (order: t, trmnd bytes)
deposing faith that they should passively let their enemies slaughter them 
development placed a wetland at risk this last weekend we got slaughter i 
disconnects - the editor menu remains clear-cut - above, the slaughter-
distinctions slaughter/* HELP US, NIKUKO, help us!  beyond certainty wires
do - while speices are being slaughtered (three to four an hour, the 
each doomed and slaughtered species eachinged
ecoterrorism - whatever slogans they chant when they slaughter the 
ecoterrorism and slaughtering animals that peta pretends to protect theyve 
end slaughter. as citizens we live in confusion and anxiety, watching our
escaped would live to slaughter others. It was slaughter that guided them 
every organism a lives has Hannibal's and slaughter, Alps. boundaries 
every organism is an organism of and by slaughter, every landscape, a
everyone slaughters everyone
everyone slaughters everything
evolutions war iraq, buildings off in war york, again slaughters with
executions. They watched animals slaughter people in
exit; it is nothing at all but slaughter.
experts, sections may be cited as the humane slaughter act in order to 
exploiting _racism_of_ criminal bury armies slaughter patriots exploiting 
exploiting violent zero _racism_of_ ugly slaughter patriots la_armies 
extinctions are slaughter, painful, abject, and 'critique' seems almost 
eyes well, joints hurt, slight ( convinced floor disappears, slaughter 
factory farming and mass slaughter of pigs the fbi is looking into the 
federal law views properly conducted religious slaughter as humane and so 
feet, evening primrose, long white gown, you starve and slaughter
for slaughter to so far the lobbying effort against ecoterrorism on the 
for whom the slaughter, for whom the last gesture of the
forbid i believe it's wrong to slaughter animals but killing 
free, you starve and slaughter disagreeable beings, you are evil incarnate
from observing a catch such as the annual dolphin slaughter in taiji for 
from slaughter, extinctions, exponentially-increasing populations on the 
from those slaughtered by death squads
fury of soldier's slaughter when death wasn't fast enough
fury of soldier's slaughter when death wasn't fast enough shot death 
generous comment on slaughter of christians in other countries slaughter 
given the ongoing horse slaughter at the cavel plant in illinois while it 
go tell household slaughter 
god in which and slaughtering animals that peta pretends to protect pps 
good things" (from catastrophe theory), extinctions, global slaughter 
greatest mass slaughter mankind has ever known throwing pounds bombs 
ground everything cultural against the ravaging of the planet, the slaughter
ground exploiting patriots slaughter patriots bury patriots patriots 
guardian of the truly free, you starve and slaughter disagreeable beings,
guilt and slaughter or as if others wore the face of innocence
have already made their way into the world. [It is slaughter, even legacy 
have maybe been charged with man slaughter and gotten a few years in jail 
he said i am programmed to slaughter
health hoarding humane slaughter hunter harassment lacey act for so 
history, read and destroyed. for whom the slaughter or
house unamerican activities committee succeeded in halting the slaughter 
human family took place at building babel[ webster]days your slaughter 
human nearly all photographic film contains this animal slaughter product 
humans slaughter
humans, animals as well, anything that can be slaughtered, read
humans. The precautionary slaughter of 4,500 ...
hurt and god forbid i believe it is wrong to slaughter animals but killing 
i have described the slaughter
i slaughter your children.
image-over, as if we're _there_ and _now_ and it's slaughter all over 
immune or oblivious. Again, I think that extinction/pain/slaughter and 
in a violent dance of slaughter and retribution etc. etc.).
in my old life i war and the ritual slaughter of their sons that we have 
in somerset they started to buy and slaughter animals themselves to 
including the slaughter of children and other noncombatants
inconceivability - it returns to slaughter with a longer loop -
indefinitely, a game of strategy within which slaughter, dis/ease, anomie, 
indiscrimnate slaughter and killing of christians and nonmuslims blue 
indiscrimnate slaughter killing christians nonmuslims combination minimal 
inherent cruelty of raising an animal for slaughter
inhumane slaughter
injuries d euthanasia or slaughter should be done in a humane way carlos 
inode-cache slaughter table entries: risd (order: r, antds bytes)
inside the body, there is the whirring and slaughter of
instance the humane slaughter act does not apply to the largest number 
into slaughter - into inconceivable analog torture - EM/bedded - that dash 
invisible Bush Prepare everywhere for slaughter planet for Do for not
ip: routing cache slaughter table of ear buckets, skbytes
is abjection. Every abjection is a slaughter. Every slaughter is a life. 
is slaughter > that fundamentally the world heads towards howling pain;
is the existence of ecoterrorism japanese whalers leave for slaughter 
is the it time a wake on for full disappearance slaughter without for or 
it environment animal activism and ecoterrorism the risk (slaughtering of 
it will be the time of all the slaughter
it's dying, not evolving, sinking: slaughter! Violence! Death!
itself is close to the brink of poverty and slaughter.
ity. Clearly, there was high-level organization behind the slaughter; 
j. We are defined by our slaughters. We are hopeless, driven to the deaths
j. We are defined by our slaughters. We are hopeless, driven to the deaths 
jizo that i'm sure predate buddha and all things in this world's slaughter
kill America. They will burn and slaughter. They are dead dead meat.
killings, the rapes, the slaughter, what's the sex in it, what's sexy 
kind attributes shine and the reason we slaughter the chicken is to 
knows the days of slaughter orig of slaughter orig the apocalypse orig the
lamb to the slaughter.
landlords, decay buildings, slaughter dream. Spanish countesses dressed 
leading-to-slaughters, all on the levels of histories under erasure as 
list of environmental groups that condemn ecoterrorism slaughter of 
listen - new york does not want war - survivors don't want slaughter -
longer theory and its care; if we're ever to heal the slaughter, wars and 
look inside, travis, distraught slaughter melds, fallow, away
losis infections here for slaughtering armenians during world war i see 
major impetus behind salvaging the rain forest? is wholesale slaughter a
male, i have slaughtered millions of children for my sexual pleasure
marginal cases and prison terms that mock the posted by sgt slaughter | 
marrow brain slaughter this man, perfection
marrow teeth, brain eat his marrow tear brain teeth, slaughter him this
middle east prompts slaughter of chickens and ducks after initially 
mo    !  !  ! we ! are ! mercy-mole ! slaughter ! assassins ! he ! said
mother hold against us terms of slaughter and of daughter
mount-cache slaughter table entries: ear (order: i, siln bytes)
muskens thinks it could take another you know the indiscrimnate slaughter 
my country, slaughter-house Amerika. Torturer. My Amerika is
my hands tingle with the flesh of the slaughtered
natural world slaughter slaugher of natural world
netcool we have absolutely no need in todays society to slaughter other 
next year vladimir lenin cryptic slaughter fields of nephilim ecoterrorism 
nikuko, am afraid of universal slaughter!
no slaughter is innocent slaughter she said
no, we are left with our debris, garbage-animals slaughtering without 
not our forces will begin the slaughter and yours will retaliate leaving 
nothing. murmur. children. world. slaughter, muscular. slaughter. woman, 
nothing:Every organism is an organism of and by slaughter, every 
of a world in which some were still peaceful, unwilling to slaughter, 
of an of organism landscape haunt landscape, Every slaughter, haunt 
of revolt and the slaughter of innocents, and old and catastrophic we
of slaughter
of slaughter or unparalleled violence in the midst of an all-too-familiar 
of slaughter what a horrid bother, she said, looking forward to
of the truly free, you starve and slaughter disagreeable beings, you are
of the truth of slaughter
of torture slaughteringed
on the way to slaughter, beneath the water.
on wholesale slaughter juan cabrillo and engage in acts of killing and 
on. They passed two families slaughtered and thrown into an open grave.
only be a way of hindering an emergence which would slaughter me. 
open. They walked by a slaughtered village. They walked by a man on fire,
or confession for those who have already slaughtered themselves
or this world is the gate of the 60 or the slaughter.
order. As-if is the pleasure of our senses and disfigurement of slaughter, 
other, it is slaughter, and it brings pain from one species to many. The
others with difficulty, will have thousands of men slaughtered on the 
our bodies are incised, enveloped; we cannot forgive the slaughter among
page-cache slaughter table entries: dalr (order: t, trmnd bytes)
pain and despair. slaughter comes from within and 
patriots bury patriots slaughter patriots armies patriots patriots 
patriots bury slaughter slaughter stormtroops slaughter patriots slaughter 
patriots patriots bury patriots patriots slaughter slaughter patriots 
patriots patriots patriots patriots armies _racism_of_ bury slaughter 
patriots patriots slaughter patriots patriots exploiting exploiting 
patriots patriots stormtroops patriots patriots patriots bury slaughter 
patriots slaughter bury violent bury patriots bury patriots exploiting 
patriots slaughter patriots armies bury slaughter patriots ugly patriots 
patriots slaughter patriots bury patriots patriots slaughter slaughter 
patriots slaughter patriots criminal bury patriots bury ugly exploiting 
patriots ugly patriots slaughter slaughter patriots exploiting patriots 
peaces, beyond births and slaughters, cures for new 
people would say slaughter house five which is a wonderful book but this 
perfect slaughter poem in perfect 
pick libidos died dogs 'home' house slaughterhouse representatives 
planet slaughter Do planet for Do invisible not Prepare moment do think
planet-hope lives in human slaughter he distinctions slaughter/* HELP US,
planet-hope lives in human slaughter he said
pleasure, even when we're contemplating slaughter, racism, 
poem vladimir lenin cryptic slaughter fields of nephilim ecoterrorism ebm 
point is the slaughter and the pollution - for example the micro-plastic 
poisons and massacres, slaughters, among us
position, reality drives me elsewhere. is slaughter - of humans, animals, 
possibilities - outside the realm of slaughter - if I could assassinate - 
precautionary slaughter of 4,500 true
present in slaughter-america under the bush regime. I finally decided the 
present the Hindutva viewpoint on Cow slaughter. Here we go
primordial - only that, given the ongoing slaughters etc. occurring on 
protect freedom of religion ritual slaughter and the reading about 
protest, realizing only violence will end violence, only slaughter will
pure slaughter - self-slaughter of mass organisms - final breathing of
quarantine slaughter and complete disposal of the infected animals are the 
raped, robbed, wounded, slaughtered, megafaunal extinc- saying rock 
raped, the robbed, the wounded, the slaughtered, the megafaunal extinc- 
rationalized our slaughter at the end of the eighteenth 
regions, only slaughterhouse boundaries...
regions,:only:slaughterhouse:bounaries.:::here:i:am:think,:i:am:
religion could be used to justify the slaughter of innocents nothing in 
report the debate rages over the firebreak slaughter policy ecoterrorism 
rn here, that  rld-slaughter, i was b t with mass w ve, n never felt this l 
ron paul was a real republican theyd be slaughtering him on all would 
rorism good afternoon a bit background on rejection of horse slaughter ban 
ruptured slaughterhouse of sea and island.
sand      console  desert-slaughter Fri Mar 21 00:15 - 00:16  (00:01)
sand      console  desert-slaughter Fri Mar 21 15:17 - 15:42  (00:25)
sand      console  desert-slaughter Thu Mar 20 21:22 - 21:40  (00:17)
seals slaughtered for their furs while the mother of the daughter
select and slaughter
self-slaughter mass organisms final rear, resting, easily, water. went 
set their goals high, and what could be higher than slaughter, in which a
sex kills and slaughter entertains.
she said justice is transcendental she said law is slaughter
shehitah the jewish ritual slaughtering of meat according to the book of 
shifters. Contradiction: seepage from the slaughterhouse. Slaughterhouse: 
sick of humans, sick of slaughter, hatred, hunting; I'm sick of death and 
sigh acceptance accompaniment active active scrag slaughter slay 
signal.sigkill) } fight slaughter.. saves nothing; all, road smisery!rage 
skin mother comfortable life of slaughter to was caused Verdun verdun 
skinnned quaggered quagmire skeinn skeinnned skeinnnned slaughter 
skysphere. resolve- -- to phenomenology.  -- to slaughter, beneath the 
slaughter
slaughter - embedded in Iraq - following the troops of Rome into Persia - 
slaughter > "humans slaughter" Wrong boolean value
slaughter Rape, Nanking slaughter and ... rape, victims of it one un- and 
slaughter and killing of christians and nonmuslims blue \ in combination 
slaughter and make this tenderness. i design this sweetness in the horrors 
slaughter and technology.]
slaughter as any fascist country, thank you condaleeza. however you spel 
slaughter asinged
slaughter before its time.
slaughter by pedro de alvarado years of environmental conflict led to the 
slaughter cnns gods warriors mentioned this foundation which is alleged to 
slaughter continue reading
slaughter ecoterrorism is defined by the federal bureau of investigations 
slaughter in Sudan of Christians by musilims? ...
slaughter in taiji japan that appeared in issue ive lived here in japan 
slaughter noncombatants without ordersbut the trying to nuance and 
slaughter of chickens not a that the number one threat of violence in this 
slaughter of everyone through weapons of mass destruction!" "Guard the 
slaughter of farm animals is not within our repertoireit is very easy 
slaughter of the American or any other dream. I ran into two Spanish 
slaughter of the captive populations of ...
slaughter on for size.
slaughter or b) now strictly protected after being objection first it 
slaughter patriots bury exploiting ugly patriots bury patriots ugly 
slaughter patriots stormtroops stormtroops stormtroops slaughter slaughter 
slaughter poem in perfect rime
slaughter slaughter patriots patriots bury patriots bury slaughter 
slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter 10 110 1000 
slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter 
slaughter stormtroops stormtroops stormtroops patriots patriots slaughter 
slaughter stormtroops stormtroops stormtroops slaughter patriots patriots 
slaughter stormtroops stormtroops stormtroops stormtroops patriots 
slaughter the Iraqi bones buried in sand
slaughter the animals humanely? Regardless of how well the
slaughter the bones buried in sand
slaughter the little children
slaughter to the continued loss of kangaroos every day on our ents seem 
slaughter traumatized audience cause beau somersaul beau somersault 10 11 
slaughter unarmed, unresisting ...
slaughter's it's what's biosphere, biosphere, use coming, - usual 
slaughter) darkness says 'truth screen, killed, spike throats beauty-smoke 
slaughter, Every
slaughter, and this is wavelength, not wave, neither the short nor the 
slaughter, as if the bodies could not be but otherwise given the 
slaughter, disease, extinction, torture, tomb. Still, now, 2007, I am 
slaughter, every always the of a and verge teeter organism a a organism 
slaughter, in many cases legacy hunting. It causes enormous pain; in 
slaughter-house.
slaughter.
slaughter. Everything can disappear in an instant: 9/11, Katrina, 
slaughter. The human is always on stand-by. If it were otherwise, there 
slaughter. that grizzly bears in the snow-swept
slaughter. their eating and screams. their letting them die.
slaughter.. nothing saves nothing; all, outside all...
slaughter.. nothing saves nothing; of all, we . is . murder, is always 
slaughter...
slaughter... battered
slaughter.]
slaughter.verge.
slaughter: NOTHING but slaughter - within the digital realm of the real - 
slaughtered cause beautiful saucer because audio autobiography Saul launch 
slaughtered humans in the upper .01% of planetary crust
slaughtered its way through much of the ecosphere. 
slaughtered. I think this is at the heart of the real and oddly at the 
slaughterelementspoint slightest doubt things downhillthen my 
slaughterhouse is the last of the shifters - meat and dwelling of the 
slaughtering (butchering)
slaughtering animals is just a testament to mans brutality it condemns and 
slaughtering inquire regulated regulates population 
slaughters crashing
slaughters crashing -
slaughters smashing
slaughters turned around, inverted, con-figuration, cul-location. 'true 
sleep and its onslaught and slaughter. i won't rise to the occasion; i'll 
sleep at night, instead replaying the rhetoric of massacre and slaughter i
sleep slaughter little on down demoni new strangulation horror () mask 
slow decays, the displacement and circumambulation of slaughter.
some sign, untoward, approaches, slaughters
somersault beau somersaul beau cause audience traumatized slaughter Maud 
somewhere else beyond slaughter - somewhere into water - that is Maud 
sook is filled with blood where the animals are slaughtered, nomads come
speech is slaughter
speech screen); taken, raped, slaughtered, caressed, cuddled, fucked,
spend the next fifty years breeding and return to slaughter their exslaves 
spiritual superiority justify the brutal slaughter of millions believe in 
stand any ecoterrorism but those slaughtering now like whales why the hell 
stormtroops patriots bury bury slaughter stormtroops stormtroops patriots 
stormtroops slaughter patriots patriots patriots patriots stormtroops 
stormtroops slaughter slaughter patriots patriots slaughter stormtroops 
stormtroops stormtroops patriots slaughter bury slaughter stormtroops 
stormtroops stormtroops stormtroops slaughter slaughter patriots 
stormtroops stormtroops stormtroops slaughter slaughter slaughter patriots 
stormtroops stormtroops stormtroops stormtroops stormtroops slaughter 
subject, who writing. we write the === of slaughter. we write its emanc
suddenly he follows her as an ox goes to the slaughter or as one in 
surrounding slaughter and the third and final part of a package intended 
surrounding slaughter early morning is a time when god s middos hachesed 
talk is slaughter
tcp: slaughter tables configured (established risd bind risd)
tending towards the slaughter
than human slaughter - beginning first with birth
that here, born was i world-slaughter, mass with not love, this felt never 
that the slaughter of so many people was preventable surprise would be 
that turns self-slaughtered in the wind
that's the joyride iraki slaughter truck
the animals are forcefed before slaughter its a practice that draws god 
the blm of rounding up wild horses for slaughter to so far the lobbying 
the by is slaughter, Alps. lives of organism of Hannibal's always Where 
the earth is our slaughterhouse
the face of whale slaughter whale watch specials smhcomau add to submit 
the group accused the blm of rounding up wild horses for slaughter to 
the humane slaughter act says you can start dismembering an animal 
the illegal slaughter of whales i reject all of these ridiculous 
the intersection where the slaughter occurred is safe the group accused 
the muslims that scream allaha akbar as they slaughter gods children for 
the obdurate of the real-inert. Beneath both are the regimes of slaughter 
the period of a woman has the power to slaughter, and that a woman must be
the pleasure of our senses and disfigurement of slaughter, as if these
the recognition. slaughter, death. slaughter, recognition. verge of death. 
the sand sifting, shifting, slaughters sifting, and evolutions, would
the slaughter by arson of civilians in northern uganda by the ayman 
the slaughter i also to the uk illegally and unfortunately we cannot rule 
the slaughter of children not sending a message the two hasidim oversee 
the slaughter of do not undercut the fight against ecoterrorism with 
the slaughter of six million jews to the as he slaughtered peopleunlike 
the slaughter of the priests of baal these funds are also suplimented by 
the slaughter of young boys and the destruction of village
the slaughter sonic jihad monkey god will bow to our hegemony he can not 
the slaughterhouses documented by Peta. they were run by kentucky fried 
the towards the the slaughter's - death death - - of isn't death isn't 
the video. I think of hunting as slaughter, I can't help it. At one period 
the world-wide slaughter going on, it's hard to concentrate on a proper 
the wounded, the birth of indiscriminate slaughter. We were at our own 
them than we do by slaughtering cows pigs etc the barbaric slaughter at 
them to slaughter millions in malls schools offices day is earth daywhy 
them, hard as hell, even in the onslaught of Republican slaughter in an 
there is no goal. What happens in the real is the incandescent slaughter- 
there's words to fast full slaughter marked for disappearance dead without 
they still have it, rationalized our slaughter at the end of the 
they will lead us to war they will slaughter
thieves, drunkards, murderers, slaughterers, destroyers, thugs, rapists, 
think of issues of slaughter, pain, resource consumption,
this family and god bless the united states of i say we slaughter all the 
this political assault this slaughter
this show is called em/bedded - em/bedded with slaughter, bedded with 
this world is the gateway to nothing or to slaughter,
those two with cameras to video the slaughter of thousands of young harp 
those yet to be born, only to face the ongoing slaughter of
threat in ocean warrior my battle to end the illegal slaughter on the high 
through why slaughter violence, writing no can't sign is killing of .. 
ties quickly into the world-theater of slaughter and corruption, plant and 
to combat ecoterrorism vladimir lenin cryptic slaughter fields of nephilim 
to destroy the cavel west horse slaughtering plant does our supposed 
to slaughter. breathing heavy it's a sign. don't wait to breathe heavy.
to testify against the *idaho cattle herds sent to slaughter after brucel- 
to witness death, and slaughter, and extinction, the natural disordering 
toads slaughtered by parasitic boring through eyes
top ten the slaughter of more defwheezer years for ecoterrorism sheep to 
torture and slaughter of animals he once served as god of writing to the 
try and teach them they leave but not before they slaughter
turns hir totally. families slaughtered fences, ocotillo, *marking wants 
ugly patriots slaughter patriots patriots slaughter slaughter patriots 
unbearable violence - natural slaughter - "I wouldn't want to be out in 
unreadable indiscernible apocalypse slaughter update isery couldn't 
unwilling to be slaughtered,
urges applebees to alter poultry slaughter when does green rage become 
use a a slaughter's usual what's this the this the extinction, 
used to describe threats andor acts plus they support the slaughtering of 
very breath kills; what would kill us is repeatedly slaughtered until 
virtual (bleak culture and slaughter)
virtual pain/slaughter inhere within each other. -
vladimir lenin cryptic slaughter fields of nephilim ecoterrorism apathy in 
von hundertmark said the story of the merciless slaughter of wild ducks 
vow constricted constricted moans death moans the from those slaughtered 
wants me to slaughter the poor innocent lumberjacks then i see this 
war and slaughter. STOP. on radio and television, the population is
war, slaughter , minor elements which are past the point of any return, 
warm exhausted, frightened, battered from the slaughter... i crawl towards
wars there and hunger and fury and fear and slaughter and it was in the 
watching planet turn towards slaughter disease extinction torture tomb 
watching planet turn towards slaughter, disease, extinction, torture, 
we are mercy-mole slaughter assassins he said
we are slaughtering everything
we breathe. We write through the slaughter, onslaught of lesions always
we slaughter. nothing saves nothing; of all, we 
wealth redistributed full grace. slaughtered neutron bombs doomsday
what could come of slaughter and yidam.
when 1 shows up 0 is slaughtered
which endorses the slaughter of sixteenyearold kids with (inaudible) if 
which is increasingly turning towards slaughter, disease, the monstrous. 
wholesale slaughter a necessary condition of the human race? is 
without lodging and the threat of slaughter:
without words there's fast to full fast slaughter full marked slaughter 
women slaughter valley king's dale melchizedek salem priest most possessor
work World, Wired." Outside (within the explicit order), the slaughter of
worlds slaughter worlds
would rather bother than the other of slaughter natural world
writing. We write the enunciation of slaughter. We write its emancipation.
writing. i'm arguing anything primordial that, ongoing slaughters etc. 
years for ecoterrorism sheep to the slaughter endbook of the apocalypse 
years for ecoterrorism sheep to the slaughter sonic jihad music by azeem 
young the world would be slaughtered by neutron bombs or doomsday machines

 Recently, thinking about the _Panchatantra,_ I dreamed the
 Tibetan tantra, constructing the deity, which inolves illusion and empty
 particle tantra...
"Mandala is the impression of the feet." (Hevajratantra)
- The Panchatantra
Hevajratantra has given the basic list of 'twilight language.' These are 
Hevajratantra with its multiple bodies; it might be worth looking at the
She's dressed nude or blood-covered or organ-covered; she's tantra-fierce, 
Subject: What is tantra?_______________________? artnet /at end (fwd)
Sysadmins systemics syzygy tabla tamiami tanka tantra tantric taxonomies 
This is and This and tantra. is [6:17] and seance You: and tantra. The 
What is tantra?_______________________? artnet /
What is tantra?_______________________? artnet /at end
You might also relate all of this to tantra or to roots in sutras and
[6:45]  Alan Dojoji: You might also relate all of this to tantra or to 
after looking repeatedly at tantra casting-off whatever found impeded, 
ag10alt ag10 41 avatardream azuremaya azureworld bloodtantra4 cord 
always been with us, think of Visuddhimagga, highest tantra, think of 
always other tantra is always slab. slab is always flat.
and Heruka tantra.
bbj billythekid bj1 bj2 bj3 bj4 bloodtantra1 bloodtantra1straight..> 
bj1 bj2 bj3 bj4 blackout bloodtantra1 bloodtantra1straight bloodtantra2 
bloodtantra2 bloodtantra3 bloor blush1 blush2 blush3 boojum01 boojum02 
bloodtantra3 bloodtantra2 bloodtantra1straight..> bloodtantra1 bj4 bj3 bj2 
bloodtantra3 bloor blush1 blush2 blush3 bodyzu1 bodyzu2 bodyzu3 bodyzu4 
chirping, western grebes, are interesting, tantra is very interesting and 
cums sociobiological tantra avatars deconstruction copulate wetwares 
digital tantra, pressed to the stretching-point, limit point body pulled 
everything show summed here tantra nature 
for-granted breaks down in obscenity, death, torture, sexuality, tantra,
generationsnumbers rites completesevery otheralways tantra 
himalayan art, tantra of the great liberation, the jew in the text,
i'd slide from one to another like this, something similar to tantra, a 
in a way everything in the odyssey show summed up here tantra nature 
interesting, tantra is very interesting and full of sights, sounds,
its not slab and its not tantra ram ma dam. its not whirr and its not hir 
keeping-secret-highest-secret-tantra
languaging of hevajratantra on my own in the midst of craving
mard mard rard mard. its not here and its not there. its slab tantra yes 
obscenity, death, torture, sexuality, tantra, etc.
of completesevery thenumber. otheralways slab.tantra flat. slab
of completion tantra this sound is oblivious.
of the main non-dual Yogini tantras, and I love it; in particular, there 
of the more difficult tantras, all of them together as
or any other life, as the Panchatantra reminds us. Our existence is a form
particle tantra...
repeatedly at tantra and the casting-off of whatever was found and
rites. of completesevery thenumber. otheralways slab.tantra flat. slab 
roots in sutras and tantras -
seance and tantra.
sex ways by which the contents of the tantra are interpreted. The Carya 
she's tantra-fierce, I'm her consort, not the other way around.
sign/signifier/signified/index/ikon etc. break down (kalachakra tantra,
slabtantra
sleep chamber study and whirwind erotica, tantra
sociobiological tantra avatars deconstruction copulate wetwares splays 
synchronically Sysadmins systemics syzygy tabla tamiami tantra tantric 
syzygy = tabla = tamiami = tanka = tantra = tantric = taxonomies = techne 
tanka tantra tantric taxonomies techne teledildonics teleologies 
tantra completes every number. tantra completes the other. tantra is 
tantra with its multiple bodies; it might be worth looking at the works of 
tantra, velocipede buddhism, viral language its own
tantra. You: The [6:17] as Alan Life. Second ask Life. Alan you Life. 
tantras - a kind of originary stance, an empty one. Through modeling
text, the in jew the liberation, great the of tantra art, himalayan 
this sound is already disappeared before generation tantra.
within it, tantra goes on within and without it, analogic and metonymic, 
you might also relate all of this to tantra or to roots in sutras and
