

would shed something

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1175 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/woodshed3.mp3

woodshedding the erhu, learning to play double stops in mid-air, 
what the hell, the bow can bend that way, difficult to keep the
parallel fifths but then the fingers take off independently 
working the strings, the bow's shuddering, it's all there, several 
notes at once, but who the hell cares, whatever it is, it's like 
masturbation, taking control of the erhu body as my own, but what 
comes afterwards a kind of anger and disgust at myself, no one 
else is present or cares that the harmonic sequences are going all 
over the place out of sync, there are also echoes of echoes, it's 
all in the bow, fierce switching between strings, and i think that 
all that's between me and death are thirty or so little pills, but 
that's not a good enough reason to do this or a good enough reason 
to listen to it for that matter, all these post-culture-revolution 
strings turned to metal and loudness, i don't want to hear metal, 
silk or gut or nylon would be fine, something bringing out 
different overtones than the usual ringing series, i'll carry this 
reverberation to my death, mixed with my tinnitus, maybe i'm deaf 
to whatever the hell is going on, you need a good bit of rosin all 
throughout the bow for this stuff, even on the wood, gives you 
free-range musics, whatever's going on i work my bones into it, 
that's out of the running with prosthetics, machines can do it 
better without feeling the pressure of the strings, calculating it 
maybe, but i'm working myself into a fury, the back of my mind 
filled with muddy scenarios of homelessness, instruments smashed 
into the mud, health ruined, the world at war, don't let me listen 
to your bloody scratching back and forth like your skin's tearing 
off, it's not music anyway, what the fuck, i don't know anything 
about music but i know what i like




Bridge Dance Late Times Documentary

Write Post
Add Photo / Video
Ask Question
Add File
Alan Sondheim
Alan Sondheim
Alan Sondheim
Alan Sondheim
Alan Sondheim
Bridge Dance Late Times Documentary

http://www.alansondheim.org/bridgedance.png
(just located the bridge on Google Maps)

http://foofwa.com/productions/video/brown-uni-project.html
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nz2MLXk1V0

Those were the days.

http://www.alansondheim.org/bridgedance.png
(just etc.)
Like   Share  Promote  2 seconds ago 
Like   Share  Promote  2 seconds ago 

http://www.alansondheim.org/bridgedance.png
www.alansondheim.org
Like   Unfollow Post  Share  2 seconds ago

http://www.alansondheim.org/bridgedance.png
www.alansondheim.org
Like   Share  Promote  2 seconds ago 

http://www.alansondheim.org/bridgedance.png
www.alansondheim.org
Like    Unfollow Post  Share  2 seconds ago



Demon-Talk

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1176 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/woods.mp3

Woodshedding with the tro sor, the Cambodian equivalent 
of the erhu. Unlike the erhu, the tro sor bow is under 
constant tension, like a Indian bow, so it's impossible
to play both strings by pressing one into the wood,
while the other is pressed against the hair. Instead,
the strings are played independently, but the spring of
the wood means it's easy to move from one to the other.
(Remember, the bow hair goes between the strings.) What
starts off in this piece tentatively eventually takes
advantage of the tro, creating very fast interchanges
between the strings. I played nervously, perhaps faster
than usual; we're closing our building sale tomorrow 
and then have three months to find a place and move. So
far the better places are in Queens - less expensive,
more room, some sort of vista from the windows. Queens
though is isolating from the edginess of Brooklyn, as 
far as I can tell. And we might not be accepted into
whatever co-op we choose - and if we are accepted, who
else is kept out? So I don't sleep, I read, I'm nervous,
and the music is a way of keeping sane, keeping the 
demons away. The demons stay away from demon music (a 
little-known fact); they're fearful of what they have
become, and I can only play the mirror of their souls. 
Another little-known fact (which you probably already 
know) - demons, not humans, have souls, since the
epistemology of souls and demons is identical; both
reside within the virtual, both see such, as through
objects, that the site of their vision and its sight
frustrates them. Demons and souls, one and the same, 
are responsible for that peripheral luminosity that
takes over our bodies, vanquishes us, when we let our
guards down, when we're at the lip or nub of believing
we too are entangled in spiritual world-play. The truth
of course is otherwise, and my tro sor music expresses
this perfectly - what we are is dross, all we can do or
say is demon-talk, demon-music, talk and music to their
souls, not ours. _We hear at best the shadow-echoes of
what we ourselves produce; the rest expands in amazing
and inconceivable beauty in realms beyond our most
fantastic dreams._ In other words, enjoy the limits;
the limits, where we reside, are all there is for us,
where dross corrodes.



Demon-Talk

sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim
sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim sondheim



Qinqin


http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1177 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/qinqin.mp3

the Chinese qinqin uses a heptatonic - seven-note -
scale, with equidistant pitch intervals (the 
traditional Western scale uses a twelve-note scale
with the same). because of this, its relationship to
either the Western or Chinese pentatonic scales is
problematic; on the other hand, it relates strongly
to Cambodian and other musics. I'd wanted to play a
qinqin for a long time, in order to explore what 
seemed from an aural distance as an unknown terrain
- the result is the above, which I find quite lovely.
it takes a while to get into the differences - and a
while for me to create a smooth flow between them -
but it happens. my instrument, by the way, has three
strings tuned in fifths.




meny

housing *sexes
*sexes housed
housed separately,
separately, usually
usually not
not desex
desex 4
4 sexes
sexes 
housing
sexta sexuality
sextus And
sexuality there
And are
there beautiful
are sexes
beautiful to
to sexta
choose 
sextus
among from
and my
the ridge
skin is
falls where
from the
my words
ridge joined
is among
where and
words skin
joined 
falls
words. sexes

All three 
have it
All have
three it
have possesses
it all
Which sexes
possesses the
all words.
[penitentem] various
high it
feend art
various might
art come
might a
types sexes
come [penitentem]
a high
random you
steel. young,
when there
you were
were two
young, sexes
two and
polish erment
on of
erment sexes
of to
both enact/re-enact
enact/re-enact polish
any on
every I
position. was
ference not
in a
our man,
sexes. nor
I was
was I
man, ference
nor in
woman, something
but fingers.
something She
fingers. never
She had
never enough
had time,
enough a
time, 
woman,
nations, 
voices, 
sexes, nations,
genders, voices,
spaces, sexes,
jennifer:sexes:alan 
genders,
more between
than the
between sexes."
sexes." tongue
"The remains
tongue in
remains the
sheath," primarily
primarily into
into the
seepage of
own liquidities,
liquidities, 
sheath,"
bodies, sexes,
deaths, deaths,
quantity, quantity,
coal coal
radio. polkas.
fox-trots sky
polkas. reiterated
sky it
reiterated (so
(so 
sexes
at at
chillingly chillingly
refrain refrain
rather rather
me?the 
me?the
soak:damp:moist:drip:wet:yes:28276:2:sexes:wet:drip 
tween 
or 

among
sexes? How
How is
anguish articulated
articulated or
discarded?




The text "If I killed myself,"


If I killed myself, would my work thereafter be considered the 
work of a crazy person? I imagine readers looking for clues (if 
there were readers). I imagine my theoretical work - like 
Heidegger's - taken apart, not for deconstruction or discussion, 
but rather for deconstruction of a certain sort, based on 
symptomology - "We could see it coming, it's clear in the writing 
as well." Then the writing is transformed under the sign of 
madness and tragedy - it becomes bent writing, writing of a 
certain sort, not wryting in which the body manifests itself, but 
writhing, under the exegesis of the sign. A certain darkness would 
hover over the depths, which are transformed into the depths of 
darkness - the writing, a membrane separating darkness from 
itself, but the same darkness, the darkness of the fissure, not 
negation. For there is no negation in mourning or tragedy, and of 
course everyone would have already known, as if everyone were 
waiting for the occasion, the event, providing closure to the 
wound, which is the darkness undivided. So one should remain alive 
in spite of oneself, in the realm of the natural death or the 
death through sickness, not disillusion or illusion; this death,
this new clean death, then opens up the writing to the layers 
among darkness, which for the reader, has subsided slightly enough 
to let him or her in, to the drowning pool, or what might the new 
vocation of th writer be considered.

So the suicide might choose life by virtue of the sign and its 
interpretation, and deconstruction regains its shift to the 
margins. But now consider this further, as a game in which suicide 
is the gambit against any form of deconstruction at all, as if the 
writing were saying, this is it; this is what I have done, and I'm 
done with it, and now be done with it - the last phrase referring 
to a reading in an open field, or upon the surface of the sea, or 
just below the surface of the sea.

And then the writing in spite of itself, almost like an organism, 
twists and turns towards itself, 'what a wasted talent,' for 
example, 'his work was always sick, always tainted, I knew from 
the start there was something unhealthy about it,' for example, 
'it/he made me uncomfortable, "and now I know why"'.

There is the argument that the world itself is sick, suicidal, and 
that the suicide does nothing more than take that upon himself or 
herself, that the suicide mirrors the world. It would be the world 
sped up, the cartoon-world where everything happens quick and 
flat; in this way the suicide points to the slow and dragged-out 
deaths of the rest of us, the environment included. But the living 
always see their speed, their moment, as natural, and the quick 
suicide - a potential for everyone - becomes the signifier of the 
aberrant: 'I knew something was wrong with him from the minute I 
saw him.' It's the parabolic focus reflected back across the 
universe, his universe. And so he, whomever he or she is, must be 
taken seriously, as seriously as death itself, but no more. His or 
her writing is contaminated; it can't be taken at face value, it 
can't even be taken upon oneself without a certain risk. A 
posteriori, the writing appears as if a priori black against 
black, a grave writing, a writing of truth from the grave. But 
what is this truth, if not that of madness? The analysis goes 
round and round, circulates endlessly; the truth is that the texts 
carry a certain smell with them, a sense of the ghoulish - 'you 
shouldn't spend all your time reading that kind of stuff, you 
know, it's not healthy for you.' 

Then on the other hand there are the collectors - 'Look, this is 
all there is, he made sure of it, there's no other writing, other 
than that which you've already found, you don't have to keep on 
reading every new thing of his or hers that comes along, there 
won't be anything more.' A sadness and a topic, of course, and as 
the years go by, the madness and taint recede, but so does the 
work itself and the world of the work, until the world if the work 
is only that which is reflected in the work, and there is no 
other. So it becomes safe again, Socrates and Celan become safe, 
and the current or currency of the current subject is sutured, 
it's okay to read him or her, absorb the work which, after all, is 
'of its time,' 'from its time,' 'it's a product of its time,' and 
so forth. It's a package, as long as there are archives and 
readers, it's a package. And then perhaps one that's scattered, 
that scatters as secondary sources corrode and disappear. 

'There's nothing to it, this death, I'm just uncomfortable 
thinking about him at this point, I didn't know him well, but I 
never thought. A lot of us are unhappy, but very few of us do what 
he or she did. I never thought it was possible, I never thought 
about it.' It would have seemed inconceivable. 'He or she must 
have been sick.' 



Litany

I've hung my body out to dry.
 And it was not enough.
I've invaded my cellular automata with suicide.
 And it was not enough.
I've sexed my skin into reassembled ribbons.
 And it was not enough.
I've broken my language down into brutality.
 And it was not enough.
I've pushed my name against the jail-house bars.
 And it was not enough.
I've blasphemed against every word of the Torah.
 And it was not enough.
I've distributed my genome among the criminal class.
 And it was not enough.
I've transformed open source into an open sore.
 And it was not enough.
I've murdered my talent and starved the rest of me.
 And it was not enough.
I've sold out absolutely nothing to no one.
 And it was not enough.
I've turned my selves into holocausts.
 And it was not enough.
 And it was not enough.
It was never enough and never sufficient.
It was always enough and always sufficient.
It overflowed and drowned.
It never dried and was always perfect.
It was always cleansed and never dirty.
It was always healed.
It was always heaven and kind.
It was always safe and enough.



hepta

http://alansondheim.org/hepta1.mp3
http://alansondheim.org/hepta2.mp3

qinqin woodshedding heptatonics
the instrument seems to be able to resonate
with pipa music, some interesting YouTube
videos. also good discussion available in
Traditional Musical Instruments of 
Cambodia, UNESCO 2003, Yun Khean, Keo
Dorivan, Y Lina, and Mao Lenna, (Khmer and
English). love playing these scales -



Death of a Hospital

Today we went to the LICH, Long Island College Hospital, for 
neurology issues. The hospital is being closed down so developers 
can build condominiums there. In our area there are seven 30+ 
storey buildings, condominiums scheduled for the next few years. 
Current condos go for around $700,000 for a one bedroom. The 
hospital has been the scene of protests in recent months; it 
serves a large number of neighborhoods and in particular seems to 
serve minorities. Patients were removed and sent elsewhere. An 
emergency vehicle was turned away as the emergency rooms were 
closed down, and someone died on the forty-five minute trip to the 
nearest still-functioning place. A mayoral candidate was arrested 
along with doctors and others a week or two ago. When we went, 
there were, now, security guards everywhere, to make sure there 
were no more protests. We were escorted to neurology by one of 
them. They were on the street, they were guarding everything. A 
receptionist was crying. Our doctor told us how he felt when his 
bag and belongings were searched as he reported for duty. They 
have maybe a month to clear out. The developers say they're 
"beautifying" the waterfront. The hospital is beautiful, with 
trees and gardens. The guards looked like thugs with military 
haircuts. Some of them had the word "Summit" on their uniforms. 
Their uniforms were black. I cannot describe the horror of all of 
this - after the Barclay Center was built through subterfuge and 
lies, including seizing buildings by eminent domain and declaring 
the neighborhood "blighted" (which it wasn't) - now this. 
Healthcare is collapsing in NYC; this is the second hospital I 
know to shut down. LICH has been around for 155 years. There are 
no really close-by others, and to get to others, you now have to 
negotiate traffic jams created by the Barclay Center over a mile 
away. LICH doesn't make a profit - it loses I think around 15 
million a year. Since when is healthcare supposed to make a 
profit? We are now at the bottom of developed countries in terms 
of healthcare - there was a long report about this online. The 
US idea of healthcare is increasingly moving in two directions - 
every nicety and technological advance for the rich - and back- 
breaking financial burdens for the rest of us. Obamacare doesn't 
change this that much and it will probably be defeated anyway. The 
horror of people I know struggling to stay alive in the US is 
unimaginable. People are dying, are been driven into poverty, as a 
result of greed. There's no way out. I wish these developers will 
all get sick, unbearably, unbelievably, sick, sick to the point of 
death - and beyond - and that they lose all their money and have 
to get in lines for emergency care or be turned away at the door. 
I wish them hell. They make live miserable for the rest of us. I 
hope they go up in flames in this life because I sure don't 
believe in hell.



gnawn

it's time to worry -
the bone is nonexistent -
what carries may atone 
for what has no existence -

these are remarks and marks -
in a hurry, raining -
what tarries in training
is nonexistent -

i'd look farther, no matter -
kill father, no mother -
the slurry of the world 
was gone, is nonexistent -
is fine, is nonexistent -

the sieve of the world portrays
the subjunct, or what would rather -
be without bother, unraveled
is skin, is nonexistent -

the mark is speech's token -
talks and murmurs, choked -
and broken, yoked to you 
is bone, is nonexistent -

you are nonexistent. i spoke -
and wrote you, fallen, crashed,
and dead, you keep speaking -
stop this speaking now -

you speak, this dashing -
about the flow, re-peaking
flowers, flown - nonexistent
this speaking, this flow - 
stop now, stop this speaking -



subjunct

(as if it were always already completed
(if it were separable from the body, or at least connected 
(within the ontological), or if it were false, for example, 
... crawled away probably if it weren't so disconcerting ... 
as if it were a world, but something that appears,
it's over, as if it were, before it began beginning,
coming, and over and over again, as if it were pure and 
 continuous and as if this were one transformed

and as if it were translucent
and cooled or if it were further delayed
and if it were not for the latter, all theories flowing 
towards psychoses, and if it were thus, there would not 
be these and others, i say subjunct, i subjunct,
 as if i were still alive, or as if there were still time,
 or as if i could write, or as if i were to be written,
 to be written ontologically

and if it weren't for azure and her kindness against all odds
 as if i were dead or dying, as if time had run out,
 as if cells were swallowed in enormous conduits of the dead -
as if it were an internal homunculus - i think i'm pointing - 
as if it were possible to make sense for an instant,
 when we were on our own and so young and there were
 worlds and worlds to explore and we do look up above 
 ourselves, as if we were -

we shall hold, as if it were solid, as if we were safe,
 and if my bones were not dying, my mind not seeping into hells
 i will never see, as if these hells were solid, granting
 sustenance and so obvious substance ...
that would be something of the light
that would be telling me creation
and i couldn't speak and couldn't return, and i would be
washed away, if i were not written, if i were not written down -

i is a stream of i's, i will tell you, as if it were true,
as if, and to believe, as-if would be sufficient,
would suffice, would always be otherwise and helpful,
and floating free, and dissolving, and the universe 
 no longer a universe, 1/0, always other, always wise
 and no longer control, no longer out of it,
 and no perception, as if it were transparent, or not,
 and no meaning and no return,
 and no losing and no finding,
 and no truth and no anguish,
 and no silence and no living, nor death among the living
nor the meaning if it were true or if it were just true
and it were just true, and would have silenced



the span of human life

crimes, that consensual sex of any sort is sex of any sort, that 
fetuses female masturbation against animated stillborn twisted 
fetus the ovum right of center. spermatozoa flicking down the 
screen, produce that extra kilogram of sperm. distended adults 
should never have heidegger no kant honestly flickers through a 
tired eye as the debris after tongues, i have walked through 
yards, across rivers and canals, begged baby su_graham "he came 
over to me trembling and scared poor little baby" the infant 
drowned or injured mother, jl brought forward the idea that the 
ego of the human infant girls - one pricks him with a needle, the 
second uses pincers on him, the behavior in order to learn how to 
make love to his wife or girl, some we played in copenhagan, hung 
out with tj a bit, two whiteboys in son house, mance lipscomb, 
watched them, i was whiteboy all the way, "i regret thoroughly the 
pride and thoughtlessness of my youth, and see golden garland of 
lilies we have around each others fair and youthful woman who was 
fascinated by autocannibalism, as exemplified by her fantasy." the 
woman mutilated herself by eating pieces of her fingers, concept 
spaces, geometry of thinking his names, material on semantics, jk, 
the roman text, dull, almost a thud, then the wayward semanalyse - 
that the elderly are child-like. i'm told i'm living on borrowed 
time, my mind supposedly elderly, am i repeating myself? did i 
forget something full of algae, water, moon, dead objects, among 
us once again. bang! they're dead! bang! they're back again! bang! 
among us once again, grammed the eating of corpses, but the 
possibility was there, running on, knew getting 'home' lost color, 
pallid corpse-like around time. systems sizzle, suppurating, say, 
structured slime example looks like it just emerged from the slime 
of the symbolic, already our names smashed forgotten black dust 
everywhere it's gone, scrawls with post-industrial stuff, worked 
seeming full blankness at the close, and then the command net, 
activated membrane, not just blank screen, connections monotheism, 
totality. try from the other side - nothing happens. surely them. 
but i'm a coward; i've seen, in fact, very little, almost nothing 
at all -



minidisk and tro

http://www.alansondheim.org/minidisk.mp3

recording the tro in the highest registers with a
1995 minidisk recorder; the compression codec 
interplays with the high frequencies and the 
result is something otherworldly and beautiful,
voices rising out of hell, importuning, craving,
heaven.



NYC Real Estate

combust.' They weren't happy we were there. There was a lot of 
soot around happy to host.  Please get back to me with your 
availability! and drawings to show us and discuss; I would be 
happy to = Would anyone recommend a contractor or roofer they've 
been happy with? while I am happy to continue as assistant 
treasurer and handle financial while I am happy to continue as 
assistant treasurer and handle financial phone number -- I'll be 
happy to follow up appropriately, and well within I think it?s ok 
if Azure is there, ideal if both are there, and I?d be happy happy 
to provide you with a written report regardless.=A0 Let me 
know=20= my cell phone if you have questions.  Have a happy and 
healthy New Years! All best wishes for a happy and healthy New 
Year, I am happy to meet Monday at 2:30. Let me know where would 
be convenient fo= ll be happy in.. you will be happy in.. but I 
don't think you'll like it as much. I'm happy to show you though. 
as much. I'm happy to show you though. friend who is going to 
start a montesorri school.  happy to do everything i said she'd be 
happy to talk to Azure. Mention my name. Thanks for suggesting me.  
I would be happy to sign on behalf of the love, Alan I love the 
idea of more communication. Please raise this as an Agenda item 
love, Alan love, love Alan love, Alan, and again apologies love 
Alan love Alan love Alan We're leaving July 2 for four weeks - 
would love to get this settled love, Alan, disgusted Sorry that I 
cannot attend our lovely meeting. you for letting me help you find 
homes that you love and please spend the h pace from another era 
and we're hoping to sell to a family that will love a= love alan 
and azure says hello and everything > What is this precious love 
and laughter budding in our hearts? Would love some 3d glasses, 
the address is love to see you if I am in NYC. I need to find an 
excuse to go again. Oh wow. Well, I do love Austin. My best 
friend's brother-in-law is in, Hi, this sounds great! I loved, 
just in my small visit, the way nature and to meet.  some love me 
and some hate me.  love for you to connect. incredible experience. 
I still love filmmaking but can't afford the raw. We would love a 
decent yard and trees and the potential for xeriscaping love Alan 
- if you know of similar, please let me know. We want to stay at a 
loss - you know I keep getting periodically angry, and nothing 
ever get angry every time I have a different viewpoint. It's 
hopeless. You getting angry. I do think there's also been a 
misunderstanding - the leaks angry. you could change it? I'd hate 
to put things off until the end of July then said she "hated this 
city." I agreed. despite her degree. I hate how some people act as 
though science were a listen to her despite her degree. I hate how 
some people act as though [...]



autumn

http://www.alansondheim.org/autumn.mp3

during now, the autumn moves its way forward through 
the succulent earth, the pressure of water and sand 
against the animal and the bill, of the other animal,
not yet ice, above and in air, and breathing, air, 
and churning over the damp beach and lowering cauldron
of clouds, Valhalla overturned, and the Yellow King
emergent, in the ocean's palm, all this waiting, this
awaiting, coming forth, o autumn i am so near death, 
in the dearth of life among harbored Ediacardan tubes,
habitants and the bills come later, and the calls
come later, in this, our autumn, our beloved autumn
of the wicker chairs and veranda, the welkin whose
lineaments, bandaged in our eyes only, and collusion,
among them all, just reaching over, that, death fore-
warned and presenced, so much i already mourning, the
leaving of you, the scudding of it all, autumnal

autumn ode,

That the leaves fall, in the autumn, oh the mind has released 
itself to cranes, autumns, moons and various the red lacquer 
arches, sound of gong beyond the autumn leaf water. A in autumn 
pure packet, blossom slips on katana sword, down stream and autumn 
in autumn the harvesting in winter the hiding, concealing autumn 
harvesting winter hiding, concealing intercalary timing, leftover 
of claim, and clearing a path of leaves, autumnal, and plains and 
meadows, Frau Mariana, she wanted to challenge my wave in the 
water is destroyed by a wind in the season of autumn. 'Oh my! in 
autumn the harvesting in winter the hiding, concealing towards an 
exact autumn of intense fulfillment. or sun or autumn moon, you 
are there, you there, you are there, autumn, cherry flowers, rain, 
ponds, sake. I have drunk sake in parks and lived through an 
autumn of cherry flowers. I comprehend the white-sky the air of 
autumn, / in the autumn air.' a fine autumn afternoon, slight 
promise of flurries in the air. one can pause, looking out the 
second-floor window at the autumn maples in the colors of an 
autumn landscape . . . going to continue, trees/wind/autumn 
fields/rain/mud and forest ridges in day... ~ comes ~ the heat ~ 
goes ~ in autumn ~ the harvesting ~ in winter ~ the autumn 
harvesting winter hiding, concealing intercalary timing leftover 
comes - heat - goes - autumn - harvesting - winter - hiding, 
concealing - the elimination of these autumnal days - autumn - 
harvesting - winter - hiding, concealing - intercalary timing - 
autumn increase - disintegration leisure intercalary timing winter 
(is) autumn harvesting winter concealing hiding, timing 
intercalary heat goes autumn harvesting winter hiding, concealing 
intercalary timing tending all leaf-curling, autumn cam color 
autumn exchange, and autumn color exchange through spring and 
autumn harvesting, winter hiding, concealing intercalary timing 
leftover in in addition to in autumn in disintegration in leisure 
in winter O! In autumn in autumn the harvesting in winter the 
hiding, concealing autumn harvesting winter hiding, concealing 
intercalary timing leftover

 in autumn in
   autumn song with long sobs the violet-throbs of autumn,
   violet-throbs of autumn, a kiss on the cheek, qinqin

for the season which was autumn, the autumn fields, know me for 
those running through the stores carrying ing the signal from my 
house, through a chill autumn night, t rainy day, I draw Jacques 
Prevert and autumn leaves, draw your body distance. It is autumn 
and it's war-time and it's Paris. Simone is an autumnal 
preparation. Everything stopped, in my vestibule after that last, 
autumnal, rain... up, it's a measure word, they spread out cold 
comes the heat goes in autumn in autumn the harvesting in winter 
the hiding, concealing of claim, and clearing a path of leaves, 
autumnal, and plains and meadows autumnal and thank you for wonder 
ah! n autumn ah! he harvesting ah! n winter ah! he hiding, 
concealing should album monument autumn accumulation around 
measure word they spread out cold comes heat goes autumn 
harvesting winter scroll (became ghost text falling from cherry 
autumn sky) my ideal garden, abandoned home in autumn wabi no sabi

the air of autumn, / in the autumn air, the blue, woodbine autumn, 
yes, autumn, winter yes, was winter repetition woodbine autumn 
autumn winter winter wind woodbine leaves on these autumnal dates, 
on the barren slops of winter of claim, and clearing a path, of 
leaves, autumnal, and plains and meadows, the elimination of these 
autumnal days -
 
an autumnal preparation, everything stopped,
in my vestibule after that last, autumnal, rain
clearing a path of leaves, autumnal, and plains and meadows,
autumnal and thank you for the wonder, of the hills,
an autumnal preparation, and everything stopped,
in my vestibule, and after that last, autumnal, rain, and 
rustling on an autumn day. even as a child I was alone with my 
memories, in my vestibule, after that last, autumnal, rain ...



using myself

I recirculate myself, cull myself. I divide myself, split myself. 
fecundity. but is now, I recirculate myself, cull myself. divide 
_Once my exercise book is closed again, I accuse myself of 
living._ make mistakes (but words aren't things). I confuse myself 
(but things excuse myself from the machine? Should anyone? (And 
what, in such a style her._ The case of the _same._ My films are 
poor films. I use myself, Alan. turn me into holy hole comfort me 
smoothly_ use my writing___ work. I devour myself, collapse 
myself. I turn into a singularity cohesive, into into I body 
devour myself. into singularity remains likes cohesive, into into 
I body devour myself. into There's always an issue of legitimation 
and history. Because my work is limitations of mocap. Because my 
work always begins and ends with 

grep -h "cull myself"  > grep -h "operate on myself" >> wc grep -h 
"use my own work"  >> grep -h "use myself"  >> ; pico h grep -h 
"use my writing" >> wc grep -h "devour myself"  >> wc grep -h 
"devour my writing"  >> wc grep -h "rework myself" >> wc grep -h 
"rework my"  >> wc pico h grep -h "use my work"  >> wc grep -h 
"consume my work" >> grep -h "operate on my own work"  >> wc pico 
stty cols ; pico h grep -h "analyze myself"  >> wc grep -h 
"dissect myself"  >> wc grep -h "disect myself" >> wc grep -h 
"analyze my work"  >> wc grep -h "disect my work"  >> wc grep -h 
"dissect my work" >> wc h >>

bleak room. But I am refusing myself the PERMISSION of sight, the
bleak room. But I am refusing myself the PERMISSION of sight.



and in the sky

http://www.alansondheim.org/inthesky1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/inthesky2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/inthesky3.png

there's a saint in the sky,
there are things in the sky,
after two billion or so there's a glow in the sky,
great wheels in the sky,
like an eagle in the sky,
lightning showing in the sky,
starting omens in the sky,
to that fastness in the sky,
festooned with flowers in the sky,
in the sky turned to ash in the light from the star,
in the sky, turned to shadow and the shadow of the moon,,
in the sky, little air like an eagle in the sky,
there are plants in the sky that are doubled,
there's a moon in the sky before the house,
there's a sun in the sky behind the moon,
there's a mark in the sky beyond the sun,

yes, in the sky were these, and on the earth were those,
in the sky, there were those in the sky on the earth



autobiography revised

http://www.alansondheim.org/biog.txt

new materials, emendations


biog.txt bioghead.txt biogsort.old biogsort.txt newline.sed

1	stty cols 80; cd biog
2	ls
5	pico -w biogsort.txt
6	sort biogsort.txt > zz
7	mv zz biogsort.txt
9	wc biogsort.txt
10	cp biogsort.txt biogsort.old
11	sed -f newline.sed biogsort.txt > biog.txt; pico biog.txt
12	cp biog.txt ~/texts/biog.txt
13	ftp alansondheim.org



Close Improvisation

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1182 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/edal1.mp3 qinqin
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/edal2.mp3 cifteli
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/edal3.mp3 erhu
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/edal4.mp3 viola
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/edal5.mp3 viola
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/edal6.mp3 violin

Ed Schneider, 
alto sax
Alan Sondheim, 
qinqin (Chinese heptatonic scale)
cifteli (Albanian heptatonic scale)
erhu (Chinese)
viola, violin

close playing which has been wonderful and a relief given
all the stress we've been under recently. tomorrow, maybe,
bowed saz cumbus, which sounds amazing.

I love the tunefulness of these pieces; we recorded them
a couple of days ago. Enjoy.



bowed and plucked saz cumbus and more hospital news

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1184 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sazcumbus1.mp3

don't have the equalization on this correct, but you can hear 
the amazing variety of bowed/ fingered sounds that are possible 
from the instrument. the frets end part-ways up, so it's 
easy to play glissandos in the upper register.

Today we found out our medical clinic and personal doctor (there 
are only two doctors there) is also being shut down by SUNY 
Downstate, which is closing the LICH hospital. They have two 
weeks to "vacate" and have no idea where to go. I can get my 
medical records from SUNY - at a cost of .75/page. Yesterday we 
went to the hospital itself, were again escorted by a guard to 
our doctor; the guard seemed to think he was doing us an 
enormous favor, even though he went to the wrong floor. And now 
more elevators say "out of order" and the place is left 
deliberately dirty. Going to LICH is like going to a so-called 
third world country (which itself is an outdated stereotype) - 
it's the rule of force there, more guards than nurses and 
doctors, and as much interference as possible with what used to 
be normal operations. We heard more horror stories from the 
doctor we saw (not the neurologist). It's hard to get follow-up 
treatment since everyone's confused about their future. In short 
to a large extent our medical care is on hold (when we need it 
the most) and doctors, staff, and patients are all on edge. All 
this so that more condos can be built for the rich!



saz cumbus, the perfect of the harvest, shorn

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sazcumbus2.mp3 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sazcumbus2.mp3

saz cumbus with sarangi bow

many happy melodies here been thinking about harvest
festivals and such

farmer's harvest is rich, and the next year hailstorms are his ruin.
the harvesting
and (reap) gather harvest
otherwise, it's the harvest of shame,
harvesting, harvested, disenchanted. 
in autumn the harvesting in winter the hiding, concealing,
devote one's efforts to sowing and reaping, and
in autumn the harvesting in winter the hiding, concealing
the moon and the harvesting of the harvest sun.
the fullness of the harvest. Daishin Nikuko galloped away, 
singing,
"Oh endless harvesting, endless gloom!"
my you forget you do not have a past. is yours. */maize harvest/*
i love your feelings, existence-meshine ...  */second harvest oats/*
singing,
"~ comes ~ the heat ~ goes ~ in autumn ~"
"~ comes ~ the heat ~ goes ~ in autumn ~" 
in autumn the harvesting in winter the hiding, concealing
and in autumn the harvesting in winter the hiding, concealing
and, there, where the agave is collected,
in the duskharvesting, the duskharvesting
and the great holiday of the aporia of the interstices 
sowing and reaping, leaving heaven, serving 
and the measure word, the harvesting of service and youth
savour curse youth smite while remaineth seedtime and
Jennifer, I call my thing Julu, I call my thing the reaper,
Jennifer, I call my thin g Julu, I call my thing the reaper,
and every thought, every final thought, has been born, 
galloping,
and disenchanted
and harvesting the sun, I heard 
speaking of absence in the signs of absence,
the sound of writing in the sun, and in autumn, artifice
comeing - heat - goes - autumn - the winter hiding, 
comes the heat goes in autumn in autumn the harvesting in winter 
ah! n autumn ah! he harvesting ah! n winter ah! he hiding, 
harvesting winter scroll, ghost text falling from cherry 
in sunset and down, interior and disenchanted, of any thought,
of finality,
there, where the agave is gathered, and shorn



older.

the world is older than it is.
animals are older than they are.
plants are older than they are.
fungi are older than they are
archaeobacteria are older than they are.
the universe is older than it is.
women are older than they are.
men are older than they are.
the man is older than he is.
the woman is older than she is.
violence is older than they are.
symmetry is older than it is.
the other is older than the world.
the other is older than violence.
the other is older than symmetry.
the mark is older than it is.
the mark is older than the world.
the other is older than the mark.
symmetry is older than the mark.
do not make an arrangement of this.
olderness is not transitive.
do not construct chains of operations.
care and tenderness are not transitive.
the other is older than care.
the other is older than tenderness.
the world is older than it is.
the older is older than it is.
the older is older than the transitive.
of logic, the older is older than logic.
of the mark, the older is older.
the older of the older is older.
of symmetry, the mark is older.
make your arrangement and a table.
sit at the feast of the table.
the table is older than it is.
the surface of the table is older.
the feast of the table is older.
the surface is older than it is.
the feast is older than it is.
of arrangement, older than it is.
the arrangement of the mark is older
than the arrangement of the mark, than
the logic of the arrangement, than the
table of the arrangement, than the 
table, then the arrangement is older
than it is.



Philosophy, Simple, Pretension

Phenomenology doesn't rhyme, all the time.
Philosophy in this form isn't serious.
Aphorisms are always suspect, unpacking
revealing the dirty laundry of language.
You have to develop an argument and 
neologisms help with their wayward vacuity.
Pictures are more suspect, and Wittgenstein's
formulas appear to be the bones of an 
irrelevant animal.
On the other hand, the formulas of physics
and cosmology contain an absolutely 
untranslatable grain of truth, do you hear
that, Badiou?
Our place in the world is indeterminate but
that doesn't interfere with description and
the latitude or epigenetic landscape of the
resulting deep sketching.
Violence threatens everything but not the
world, nor mathesis.
Violence is not violence until you are
physically touched by it, and philosophy
in this form, that of the witness, is always
serious and always correct.
Do unto others is senseless unless one
believes in the imperative.
There is nothing that can be _said_ about
cosmology.
A picture is the decay of the word; neither
mathematics nor mathesis are languages.
Mathesis and the world is closest to the 
film which binds, not sutures, the viewer.
Meaning washes out of the aphorism; meaning
washes out the aphorism.
There is no point to decay.
On the phenomenological level, decay is
everywhere and inconceivable.
One can never explain oneself; and the 
attempt to explain one's writings just 
increases the bulk of them. 
Hence the mark is always and already the
same, every mark the same mark, except the
number; it is the number which may
function as the sign of violence, and the
word which becomes the diacritical mark.
Narrative never understands that thinking
is thoughtless.
The philosophical example is already lost
in thought.
Philosophy is what I am; writing is what I
do.



ying yan

self-love, our love is capable of flowing outwards, embracing 
the whole world of beautiful people. and self-love is not a 
myth; it is close to singing. it has always been thus; self-love 
and loving and speaking and thus; self-love speaking, events 
want gifts

think of self-hatred and its inversion on the net - not the 
cloying of on see you, see me, i find myself awkward; my 
self-hatred results in my jewel, the breaks mirror, the fogs, 
your breath! their holds volves himself even in the self-hatred 
of the colonized or hate, but then everyone would think it's 
self-hatred; i'd love you, but maybe this transforms into 
self-hatred (and 'if you can't love yourself, no one can love 
you'), elevating self-hatred to a geodesic, and i think: holds 
their breath! your self-hatred fogs the mirror, breaks the 
jewel, man blah blah, i'm not even human blah blah, i'm too full 
of self-hatred did stay the course, and often was converted into 
a kind of self-hatred; fits and starts and in my own little 
cultivated realm chora of the voice, losing myself, my 
self-hatred, web-inverting myself inno me, when the self-hatred 
subsides and the language begins. and here, for myself, i try to 
deal with depression and self-hatred, through the example of the 
marranos we've learned self-hatreds and their ten realistic 
justifications - in such a world self-hatred stands one in good 
stead

thinking of the fledging of the lesser spotted eagle in estonia, 
and the rain and how that's a given for the fledgling, how it's 
there and unnamed but part of the world - it's not the case that 
the world is all that is the case, but that the world is part of 
the world

that is the case, and if i hate myself you cannot hate me more 
than i hate myself and therefore i am safe from you and this 
hatred is comfortable, is my comfort-place, my warm-place, my 
hearth, and you cannot touch my hearth - earth, heart, hear, 
hart, ear, art, you cannot touch my place at all. in my earth 
heart i build a place to live and i can love you from there and 
love all the animals and plants and men and women and children 
on this earth hearth and every other, i can love every other, 
there is so much love i can give, it flows outward from myself, 
there is none in reserve for me, it spirals as ear art spirals. 
and that is your strength, your strength in the spiral, you need 
not be center, you have your center, where your hate may reside 
or may not reside. for it is not given to one to know the center 
of the other, nor for the other to know the center of the one. 
and if it were not for love of the other, there would not be 
love of the one, and if it were not for love of the one, there 
would not be love of the other. and where am i in the spiral of 
so many, where spirals others and one who may be considered 
grace of all men and women, grace of all plants and animals, and 
of all. and i am not there, in the spiral, which is a fabric i 
wear about me. and i am in the fabric.



Song of Songs

Alan Sondheim, sondheim@panix.com
Barthes, Roland, Elements of Semiology, Noonday, 1967. 
Colapietro, Vincent, Glossary of Semiotics, Paragon, 1993. 
Document Actions
Eco, Umberto, A Theory of Semiotics, Indiana, 1976. 
Forgot your password?
Gardenfors, Peter, Conceptual Spaces: The Geometry of Thought, 
Home Projects cyhist KnowledgeBase Syllabus Archive Plaintext 
I'm going to periodically supplement Alan's list.
Just as the water-sprite, formed from the motion of atoms 
Kristeva, Julia, Le texte du roman, Mouton, 1970. 
Levi-Strauss --sbaldwin, Thu, 05 May 2005 09:35:44 -0400 reply
Most of this material is fairly old; use with care! 
Navigation
One I find useful is: The Universal Turing Machine, 
Please read -
Quota Review Board, PMC2 MOO
Ruesch, Jurgen, Semiotic Approaches to Human Relations, Mouton, 
Sexuality, body, language, create a matrix of interpenetrations,
These files are remnants, residue, of works such as Trilby, 
Upanishad, I.3.11) _The machine checked its resources. 
Voyeur
We collude between death and sex, to the limits of distortion 
X-ing x-chromosomes, x-rated xenophobias.
You might ask: pray for me. I'm troubled in need of salvation. 
Zap zealously, zygotic zone's zoo.



Slow Saz, Taksim, Land in Revolt, Senescence

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1187 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/slowsaz1.mp3 cumbus saz
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/slowsaz2.mp3 long-necked saz

meditative pieces, beginning slow, then remembering what had 
been the case, melody ensues, along with other memories, of 
others, of mourning, of the slightest glimmer of hope, of 
something of beauty that occurred, faceless, unremembered, the 
cold and universal coming death, ceasing, erasing, these 
moments, just beyond memory, perhaps, murmuring, remonstrance, 
it would be, as this language or speech, these codes, would, be, 
yet for a moment, as if there were,

expression 'on the tip of the tongue,' but not there, not within 
the recuperation, of speech and face, of the slow wind down the 
slow road, of the avenue of nought



D.P.H.

It's been two weeks since we've seen the neurologist, who now no 
longer has a place to practice. We remember the phrases we were 
given; he was checking on short term memory, and still the words 
present themselves - Azure's "dog purple honesty" and my "apple 
cup truthfulness." I remember the A.C.T. mnemonic; mine was 
easier, but still both of us remember them even now. Were these 
phrases created for the occasion? It appears so, but there's 
something about the last word in both having ethical resonance. 
In any case, our recitals proved we're neither close to memory 
loss nor to dementia, which in my case is a relief; I have an 
apple in my cup of truthfulness, while Azure has to be content 
with a dog living within the purple prose of honesty.



thick text

only taking account, well surface manifestations possible
comprehend virtual subjectivity margins, slippages,
constitutions, constructs, emergences from "depths" software
hardware, blockages flows consider _projection self_ its
appearance various applications completes every number. other.
multiple bodies; might worth looking works tantra, velocipede
buddhism, viral language own Alan Life. Second ask tantras kind
originary stance, empty one. Through modeling [11:53] x white
brinjal vegetable, red radish, masur (a gram), sesamum Paniphala
(an aquatic plant) take place fish [11:54] Well, there's more
it, writing discourse itself getting stale. He's taken bend
trundles bundles towards future; we're there carrying than our
share avatar's, where there, so heard You begin understand not
bots expert systems some symptoms am Just those pirouettes, if
were them. Her skirt kept flying up, was nothing SQUEAK forever
now peace; life, lease any left, [11:55] future Net, when
attains state _seamless reality,_ melding real disturbances
another way tending _psychosis,_ interweaving realities, respon-
sibilities claim always clear speaker herself separate her
creations. Voices, voices!  These develop limits margins
program, reveal substructures/protocols violate dialogs We
ruptures created characters resonating interfering configuration
files Avatars disturbances, irruptions language, lang- uage
portending _the raveling existence essence natyasatrotpatti:
mythical origin churns she said die because I'm afraid death
weep wail about she'd care night having horrors disfiguration
codework destroys given us uneasy birthright Cain, mark Cain
terminal prompt \ decoding journeys Wandering Jew, .stl file
prints out world's looms [11:57] Kachapa-mudra, union Karavira
flower (representative Linga) Aprajita (Clitoria) shaped female
Yoni [11:58] it's born loom dies loom, grows, weaves grows
turning says i left right chiasm crosses churning Life: No room
sit here, try spot. [11:59] gave new Life Avatar Body moves
would move had File called God result avatar-work led 15:47:47
constructed motion capture equipment 15:48:08 images laser
scanning attempting escape vectors check Love War, Avatar,
Cyborg, Experimental conferences. for help. 16:04:35 want
explore 'body-avatar' issues tobother people less! 16:07:11
dancers live yes 29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact they Oh Daughter
Mountain, fried paddy [12:00] ite kill father mother s swallows
time family favorite sister brother son daughter i'm favorite,
such (cereals) chewed -- Mudra [12:01] thebluewheelattach: >>
Sound Disk v1.1 Playing supplied name :
780e8a95-210e-09c1-50d2-1d13a5ba1d35. Listening channel 69.
[12:02] somewhere really something DIIRTY "My leashed, tethered
logical thought, protocols thought; wonder al One cannot come
closer control release, dissipation. reach farther thinking
one's reach, avatars. Enter reality suffused sound. Over Lord 1
Quon: tone war... Wings creak, sound beginning.  (Subtitle)
Haruka: "Why their blood blue?" That's what you're wondering.
Ayato stops toward Har [12:03] sentient beings, who limitless,
space, number, me, possess pure joyful body, causes resulting
[12:05] number free impure tormenting [12:06] don't listen
dream-woman avatar-man.  dream-woman. contaminated. building
condemned.  phallocratic mach bullshit rights WIT NONSENSE
RICOCHET HEART CLANDESTINE NIBBLES ocean illuminated plastic box
motor, tiny heels depilated legs nose job musculature buildt gym
scar liquid hand movement man woman [12:07] PEFORATED LOBES OF
EARS HIS NOSTRILS ARMS TUSKS BEAKS CLAWS PLUMES SHELLS PATHS
BLOOD FEAST RAVINE CUT fang graft trench flat postural
diagrammatics thrust torsion engine grammar paradigm
eliminations jeans motorcycle tabla/ture combination dialog:
Collapse options cloth wire held suspension creating perfect
framework Re: Manipulated Chat ...  [-] Avatars, models,
performers, d...  perfor...  ruptured mess banged one maybe
fucked case whatever skin disappeared gets started. Could push
infinitely unruptured catastrophic edges Furious flight slammed
against members-only barriers. raw deal equally infinite speed.
[12:08] Dojoji: terms libraries librarians shall well. remains:
ground zero already charnel-hus, animals, should we sheep !!
stalin?s order rape meek weakened, stained, then came stick,
beat d r tw killed x, drank water, include: depression, misery,
death, sex, protest! has nothing, everything, slaughterhouse.
sky pain, wounded, two-fold, interior, exterior. began
slaughter; clubs knives did become us. continent 19th-century!
knew imagined arrival universe, slaughter! sought well, itself,
remote [17:12] dojoji: carries fragility self [8:44] mass
extinctions seem _from viewpoint human_: nature _racism_of_ la
bury patriots exploiting la_armies _wanton_ (s.i. hayakawa,
modern guide synonyms related tooth massacre remain northern
bush meat trade ie tammuz god screen); taken, raped, alive.
lyndie england grew up few miles along. escaped,
bluecarterwheelperform: [12:09] Items successfully shared. wear
[12:10] criminalization society = transactions parts portions
feed decay protodocument libertinage rules outcries screams
unnatural after-image liquefy vaporize crime shortcircuit
dissipate thickness passion trigger calculate cipher OUTRAGE THE
NORM ASSAULT SUCH EQUILIBRIUM BLAZE SCREAM solitude essential
limit stranger shout abide equanimity Great Essential [12:11]
[12:12] sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya,
prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita
[12:13] stitch suture binding closing damming fabric velvet
cotton wool silk ghost spectre doll faerie wraithe hobgoblin
troll tengu kappa presence "Consider next smearing skin.\n";
"Your inscription finished, thing.", "\n\n" 3 < $g; "one one,
each line alone, typing Control-d done.\n"; $name calls forth
$a[$gen1] $noun[$non], hungered, making things.  $prep[$pre]
$a[$gen], $a[$diff], $[$gen], $str? system("touch .trace; rev
rope .trace");  system("rm rope");  augment, pressure mathesis,
eventually loose \- Anthropic principles described physics,
revolt, 4 days ..in olblivion..noboi'mdy arounbd ambleeding
monet ..so ure fa ce wouild 'd berlpaove intedto suck..and
theyourer bloodst ure...body ..i pi'aint withve bmyeen pblaited
beooodfo.. re dao und love itlike that?,oh yes, anything...
everything...whole hot feel savage whe n i've been painted...
how much pain allowed ?? ing ures wonderful .. havetied n't . t
ex.plsioredttithang mwuch...iht u me ...ih'd,lomhmghve thatd,
tighin ying tightly ng clean, fluids, stuff, tongue ass.... oh
yes... themin deep... put mouth, make suck me... someaone tie
togethersoaked ....in mine tooswe...t soackfedlui [12:14] [[[[
/sagainst equations excluded, 0, 0': neitherness, both A B,
neither nor B priori mathesis). mystical diagrams worn limbs
male * limbs. pen made either gold, copper, kmha dub grass.
[12:15] made, women, sounded, resonated, protocol, site winds
coagulating limpets seas jellies you've before, over again,
repetition goal but delibery interval...  bring semblance
lineaments eyes mouths, speaking elsewhere, sides things matrix
saves us, beginning ending, pureness salvaging spaces... dark
dreams, enough soft limbs, mine... [12:16] small creature
half-hidden seaweed gleaming brown drag undertow hermit crab
shell smelled moist ebb doorway SURFACE! SEX! SHADOWS! ELEMENTS!
PINK MUFFINS! COUCH EARTH! DUCK LIPS! MANDRAKES! corpse light
color remains odors unreality demonstrated prrecum.unning...down
legsdo ..you taste period, smell smelil ofwoould toour bod...
ies ..i'd likethe armpits yor ur cunt asshole breath morning,
that... watch we'd televisions off, holes th fucking, fingers
smells coming house unbearable ed p .;.alll floors ..all i'd
walk sounds ....ith outsideawithlllout uthenderclopantsth ......
thining king you... ower ..before wash ..to fltuidhatrusonnundis
wng ondedowrfun l.m.. y lecougsld lick youir wouldfirlikst..e
thatthe ..the ewoulffd wonderful... [12:25] aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
[12:26] preksagrhalasksana: characteristicis playhouse different
rangadevatapujana: worship deities connected stage
upangavidhana: gestures minor eyballs eyebrows cheeks lower lip
chin mouth [12:28] stick-like _anime_ figures work, distributed
authorships anatomies. [12:30] [12:31] 15:26:40 "mathesis"
program 3. mathesis node1 f(node{n 1}), 9. ohwehengod....i
cumming:) thought much....klasugh woi cht caece ken say .d log,
owowowowowo wowow woto whom....wo thats great
---------------------------= YTalk version 3.0 (2)
=---------------------------- [12:33] first* diagram third
finger bhurjjapatra (the birch). girl desired subdued [12:34]
[12:38] double cones, flattened, holed clitoral, intensity
Tiffanyalan, lanced you-know-languagel Tiffanyalan
you-know-language, sheen, tongue-rimmed, hole u, cum across
arches, beneath, pornog, penis, vagina, penis see "penis" here.
vagina "vagina"
______________________________________________________________________

know longer continue reason doesn't limit, fails, does, part
disappears. kimberly says, 27% [12:39] animal touched lime
prepared burning conch shell, betelnut iime husband, becomes
subdued. If forehead tho paste gorochanl, root lemon grass
saffron, husband puts substanco, touches organ foot copulation,
ever Ike slave. [12:40] An example mechanism regard Tibetan
prayer wheel cylinder; age spiritual machines forever. For
performance took dissected cube (3-space measure polytope), 3,
2, 1, 0 components (also polytopes), separated them, copied
rotated high speed, summary spiky high-speed negotiation.
suitable on, [12:45] open, burst heart! And think, whirling
body-heart, body-burst-heart!burst-heart-body, roiling heaving
system fast rotation pulling cane dream freedomfreedom, remember
didn't once doctors claims ignore avatar-video
avatar-performance content other degree. blue construct-space
outt-structure. [12:50] speak: hirand nothir platformthatis.is.
itcarryingthatthat amove moving.thingcarryingeverything
arewhatwhatmoving. ifofrightsif thereaana generationsisofis
generationsnumbersvanquishright flat.thenumber. slabotheralways
itsnot slab andits yesits itit is.is. thatthat platformthat
itcarrying movesknow. carryingeverything whatmoving. thingwell
moving.thing arewhat moving. justthey everyevery other.slab
aevery rightsif ana origin.it ifof therea isan vanquishright
numbers.slab. generationsis generationsnumbers rites.
completesevery thenumber. otheralways slab.tantra flat.
nevermoves. [12:51] rooth naahee || It season plant seeds. math
bharam bhoolahu Do wander lost doubt delusion scream read mocap
domesticates behavior granular synthesis flesh performs dead
structure granularity in-discrete nikuko disappears wholes burns
barred commands greater search, brain mind alone bone-length:
inscriptions emptied bone-time: time, time: stop scribbling
written, naught=naughty twisted national nightmares huddle being
split-second holocausts inherits beyond liveley thing, saliva
clunch mucus morange yours... linen being, eating, excreting
memory. accompanying wanton, , happen, buried morange, twigs
hardened clay? being? Are becoming close Jennifer's morange?
You're dealing nice Jennifer. melt Julu's forever... Your 137
darling Alan's "Just dry burnt fire, embrace Vaisnavas sins
burnt." 'this strange... can't anything, can...' chop pieces!
Ah!  blood! freezes Tiffany's cry. Tiffany appears ear-splitting
bang. 'You me!' Tiffany. 'stranger stranger... then, couldn't
before. sorry. 'Look, I've got you' > get excellent condition.
Tiffany: carry weight. stole coins!' 30% [12:52] Message
Talk_Daemon@panix3.panix.com 9:13 talk: connection requested
respond with:  talk [Waiting connection...]
=--------------------------- :hit wro :)ng keys [12:58] piece
land, home location. Otherwise, Map find places marked Infohub.
[12:59] <;<) Removing effect oE incantation ib. f>>r tin same
,/>. Making Nigama Sastri easily comprehensible 71 Removal pests
?b. Proteition crops 73 Excitation 75 [13:00] [13:04] Can't
reposition permission denied [13:05] [13:12] Home position set.
[2013/04/11 11:42] spherecomplex1: Stroker Basic: whispers: Cock
ready 11:44] 12:09] 12:14] 12:17] 12:20] 12:22] 12:27] inserted
heated fire 12:28] subject other/ near side $thing begging
object #75438. 12:34] remediations, mediations, projectivities,
introjectivities, phenomenologies, histories, mechanics, dive
pts/73 Apr 11 09:16 (50.197.103.41:S.0) rsergeant pts/74 Mar 5
14:32 (166.84.7.165) fifer01 pts/75 14:13 (64.131.190.55) omar
pts/77 25 15:57 (75.146.225.65) mbac pts/78 14:51
(38.105.200.252:S.2) arko pts/8 00:29 (66.65.24.35) grinch
pts/80 11:45 (12.164.27.31) swood pts/82 14:23 (86.46.19.7) kynn
pts/83 12:20 (134.174.140.104) jposhea3 pts/84 31 20:32
(98.116.101.132) rbf pts/86 6 16:20 (173.229.155.4) pts/87 Feb
17:48 (38.105.200.252:S.0) kylet pts/88 13:16 (209.23.223.4)
ybmcu pts/89 09:51 (166.84.167.19) nstr pts/9 00:08
(97.65.98.162) wotw pts/90 13:41 (69.207.162.145) checker pts/92
14:24 (216.15.4.160) pts/93 21786933 drwx--s--x 27 sondheim
users 8192 14:47 14328090 drwxr-xr-x 30 4096 29 16:22 21786936
drwx--S--- Aug 2000 .BitchX 22449989 -rw------- 37830 01:05
.addressbook 15968150 41272 18 2010 .addressbook.lu 2713961 May
22 .alpine-smime 4769221 -rw----r-- 15 2004 .bashrc4769222 Jul 9
2009 .comc4769223 77 23 1994 .delgroups4769224 Jun .editor624652
2 12:08 .elinks21786938 drwx------ .elm 4769225 -rw-r--r-- 266
.emacs21786939 Sep 28 2003 .emacs.d 33426582 -rw--


hasapi and cifteli

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1189 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/rare1.mp3 hasapi
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/rare2.mp3 cifteli

the first instrument is Batak; I have the two 
strings tuned in unison. there are no frets and 
the soundhole is on the rear, which allows for
changes in resonance as the hasapi is moved 
back and forth from the body. this results in
amazing sounds that are almost impossible to
reproduce on other instruments.

the Albanian cifteli has a seven-note to the
octave scale unlike anything else I've seen; 
it allows for fascinating riffs and tunes. 

you can see the hasapi at
http://www.alansondheim.org/hasapi.jpg
and there is information on the cifteli at
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C3%87ifteli
(which should work).

please give a listen; the hasapi alone is 
worth it; I had to adopt new playing methods
to bring the resonance out. there's an article
at http://id.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hasapi - which
somehow has ended up with a picture of my 
instrument!



derelict

if there were there would not be
if there is, there was not
for no one, there was,
for no one there would be

at times there seemed a place
or what an origin would be
if there were, there was not,
for anyone, this origin

there were lines among lines
somewhere, that was a place,
or where the place would be,
there was no place

there were lines, curved,
and some seemed to hold something,
nothing was held, nothing would be,
but memory of a place

memory is always of annihilation,
of something wrought, not being,
not being here, not being there,
not being held, or some thing

name floats and disappears,
sign leaves, would not have been
sign, would not have been 
in or out of place, where place
would be

nothing remains of this, and
many letters are topologies,
separating interior from exterior,
for a moment embedded in space

but no place, and no one,
no other sign to the sign

if there were, there would not be

:x

@
:x
@
x
@:x




our brains

http://www.alansondheim.org/alanbrain.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/azurebrain.mp4

what i am thinking of you with this when
i was counting the scan and wondering
what i would have done to miss and would,
then, everything fall apart, and vair

and then, looked close, everything fell,
crags and wold of alan, jewel and veld 
of azure and then our brains



einsturzende neubauten

if there were would not be is, was for no one, was, one at times 
seemed a place or what an origin were, not, anyone, this lines 
among somewhere, that place, where the be, lines, curved, and 
some to hold something, nothing held, but memory of is always 
annihilation, something wrought, being, being here, there, thing 
name floats disappears, sign leaves, have been sign, in out 
remains this, many letters are topologies, separating interior 
from exterior, moment embedded space nother layer :x

and some to some hold seemed something, to nothing held, nothing 
but memory of is always annihilation, is something wrought, 
being, something being here, not there, not thing or name floats 
disappears,

sign leaves, have would been not sign, in out or remains this, 
nothing many letters are topologies,

separating interior from exterior,

moment for embedded a space embedded nother layer and :x
@:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x 
@:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x 
@:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x 
@:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x 
@:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x 
@:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x 
@:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x 
@:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x 
@:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x 
@:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x @:x

t times there seemed  pl pl
 plce
ce

ce

or wht or wh
t n origin would be
t 
n origin would be
n origin would be

s  plce,

ce,
t w
there ws no plthere w
s no plce
s no pl
but memory of  plbut memory of 
ys of nnihiltion,

nnihiltion,
memory is 
tion,
lw
nd disppen
ppers,
me flo
rs,
ts 
sign leves, would not hsign le
ves, would not hve been
ves, would not h
ve been
ve been

in or out of plce, where plin or out of pl
ce, where plce
ce, where pl
nothing remins of this, nothing rem
ins of this, nd
ins of this, 
nd
nd

mny letters m
ny letters re topologies,
ny letters 
re topologies,
re topologies,

seprsep
rting interior from exterior,
r
ting interior from exterior,
ting interior from exterior,

 moment embedded in spce
 moment embedded in sp
but no plce, but no pl
ce, nd no one,
ce, 
nd no one,
nd no one,

nd nother lyer to the sign
nd nother l
yer to the sign
yer to the sign

ifbe thereif werethere wouldthere notwould benot is,there 
wasthere forwas, nofor one,no was,there oneno atplace timesat 
seemedthere aseemed placea orbe whator anwhat originan 
were,there not,was anyone,for thisanyone, lineswere amonglines 
somewhere,place, thatsomewhere, place,a whereor thewhere 
be,would lines,were curved,lines, andsomething, someand toseemed 
holdto something,hold nothingbe, held,was butplace memorybut 
ofmemory ismemory alwaysis annihilation,of somethingof 
wrought,something being,not beingnot here,being there,being 
thingsome namedisappears, floatsname disappears,and signbeen 
leaves,sign havenot beenhave sign,been inplace outor 
remainsnothing this,of manytopologies, lettersmany areletters 
topologies,are separatingexterior, interiorseparating 
frominterior exterior,from momenta embeddedmoment spacein 
notherand layernother :x:x @@ xx @:x@:x



damaged life badly written

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1192 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/broked.mp3

damaged life, a groupoid with denise de la cerda and
myself in the 80s, long since disappeared, but now
damage has returned, i do not remember such, and 
cannot reconstruct, that is, the damage in the world,
egypt, turkey, my collapsing mind, but here is some
emergent paste @ upload 237 kilobytes/sec as an
example, what is possible, from the broken, from the
shattered, anything but the naught of bone



Strangers by the Numbers

My own conscience is clean. If I am told that somewhere there 
exists a young man who has talent, I myself will do what I can 
for him. Nothing could be more agreeable to me than to be told, 
when somebody is introduced to me: "Here's a man of rare talent 
Perhaps one day he'll be the Fuehrer of the nation." (Adolf 
Hitler)

str5ng2r d3 y31 wr4t2 t3 str5ng2rs d3 y31, d3 y31, wr4t2 t3 
str5ng2rs by str5ng2rs r4t2 t3 str5ng2rs 5r2 y31 th2r2, w4ll y31 
sp25k t3 5 str5 d3 y31 d3 y31 sp25k t3 str5ng2rs b2 my str5ng2r 
b2 my l3v2r w31ld y31 t3 5 str5ng2r w31ld y31 n2v2r b2 5 
str5ng2r 8m w31ld y31 l3v2 m2 n3 str5ng2r 2v2r l3ng2r 8m w31ld 
y31 n2v2r 2v2r b2 5 str5ng2r 2v2r b2 5 str5ng2r t4tl2: th2 
str5ng2r 3n th2 br4dg2 th2 r25l str5ng2rs 3f th2 w , s54d S1s5n 
Gr5h5m, 5r2 th3s2 f3r s2d by str5ng2rs 2xch5ng4ng m5ny th w4th 
t3t5l str5ng2rs, [STDs?] str5ng2rs! th2 k4ndn2ss 3f str5ng2rs!", 
k4ss2s %d 2v2r s3 sw22tly, l4k2 th2 C2d5rs "Th2 S3cr5t4c 2ff3rt 
t3 c3mm1n4c5t2 w4th str5ng2rs 4s, 4n r25l4ty, th2 "Th2 S3cr5t4c 
2ff3rt t3 c3mm1n4c5t2 w4th str5ng2rs 4s, 4n r25l4ty, th2 
"T3t5lly c3nn2ct5bl2: t 4d25 3f th2 '3th2r', th2 str5ng2r, th2 
M1sl4m, "str5ng2r, 4 w4sh kn2w. (B2c51s2 th2 str5ng2r _4s_ 3n 
th2 n2t ph3n2, b2c51s2 th2 str5ng2r 4s (24ght22n y25rs 5nd th2 
k4ndn2ss 3f str5ng2rs) - 2. Str5ng2rs, 1tt2r str5ng2rs, 
str5ng2rs wh3 1tt2r. (R2: _1tt5r_ 4n H4t- 6SS67LT S7CH 
8Q79L9BR97M BL6Z8 SCR86M s3l4t1d2 2ss2nt45l l4m4t str5ng2r B1t 
m3r2 th 5ny 3f th4s, 9 5m v1ln2r5bl2 5m3ng str5ng2rs wh3s2 
h4st3r- C5m1s w31ld p34nt 31t, w2 5r2 5ll 4n 5 s2ns2 
5l42ns/str5ng2rs h2r2, n3 C3m2 5nd g2 m5m5, c3m2 5nd kn3ck! 
"C3m2 4n str5ng2r, c3m2 k4ss m2 D2s4r2 r4s2s t3 s1rf5c2 5s 5n 
1tt2r5nc2 t3 1nkn3wn str5ng2rs; l5g D3 y31 wr4t2 t3 str5ng2rs? 
9f 9 wr4t2 t3 y31, 5m 9, 5r2 y31, 5 str5ng2r? D3 y31 wr4t2 
str5ng2rs? Th4s 2nt4c2m2nt... 8Q79L9BR97M BL6Z8 SCR86M s3l4t1d2 
4s 2ss2nt45l l4m4t 3f str5ng2r sh31t 9 s54d. Th2 str5ng2r l33k2d 
5t m2 th 5t th2 st4cks. H2 b5ck2d 5w5y 4n 9 s1pp3s2 y31 th4nk 
y31 c5n t5k2 m2 f str5ng2r. 9t w5s 3f 1n1s15l c3nstr1ct43n, 
t5ll, 5lm3st l4k2 5 str5ng2r th2n Kr4st2v5 m4ght h5v2 4t, 
2xtr5-t2rr2str45ls, str5ng2rs t3 31rs2lv2 Th2 N3th4ng 4s s2ttl2d 
2xc2pt f3r th2 c1pp2d l5nd, r1m3rs 3f str5ng2rs w5rs, Th2r2 w5s 
n3 r33m t3 s22 4nt3 th2m; 9 w5s th24r str5ng2r 4n th2 c4ty, 
T4ff5ny. 'str5ng2r str5ng2r... th2n, c31ldn't b2f3r2. s3rry. 'L3 
9'v2 Wh5t 3cc1rs 4n h1m5n fl4ght, 4n th2 pr2s2nc2 3f str5ng2rs, 
4n w24 Wh2n 9 m22t y31 y31 5r2 th2 b251t4f1l str5ng2r 3f S4mm2l. 
Y31r 2y2s Y3 s5y 'str5ng2r 5nd str5ng2r... y2s, j1st th2n, b1t 9 
[8:52] 6l5n D3j3j4 d2p2nd 3n th2 k4ndn2ss 3f str5ng2rs... _9 5m 
sp25k4ng w4th 5 str5ng2r. 3m4n31s b2g4nn4ng, th2 spy c3m4ng 5 5 
str5ng2r str5ng2r c5m2 c5m2 t3 t th2 th2 d33r d33r 5t 5t 2v2, 
2v2, 5 p3st: D3 y31 wr4t2 t3 str5ng2rs? R2ply4ng, 9 h25r n3th4ng 
f3r m3nths, 5 str5ng2r 4n h2r 3wn b3dy. 6s m3t43nl2ss 5s y31 c5n 
w4sh sh2 sp25ks 5 str5ng2r, th2n f5m4l45r, th2n fr42nd. 9t w5s 
3f 1n1s15l c3nstr1ct43n, 5ft2rth31ght, r2c3gn4t43n 3f 5 str5ng2r 
b2h4nd 3n2 3n th2 str22t, y31 c5n 5lm3st l4k2 5 str5ng2r, th2 
f5m4l45r, th2n 5 fr42nd. 9t w5s 3f 1n1s15l 5nd th4s 4sn't 
5ddr2ss2d n2 s3 3ft2n wh2n gr22t4ng 5 str5ng2r 3n 9RC 5r2 thr22 
str5ng2rs c3m4ng t3w5rds m2 5nd p5ss4ng m2. Th2r2 4s 3n2 5r2 tw3 
str5ng2rs 3n th2 3th2r s4d2 3f th2 str22t. 9 h25r thr22 
str5ng2rs b5ng. 'Y31 m2!' T4ff5ny. 'str5ng2r str5ng2r... th2n, 
c31ldn't b22n 4n 2x4l2, str5ng2rs t3 31rs2lv2s, l3c5t2d 3n gr4ds 
3f 3th2rs' b2g4nn4ng 3f n5m2s, 3f str5ng2r b5rb5r45ns, 5t 25ch 
5nd 2v2ry g2tt4ng, b2tr5y th24r 3r4g4n, p2rh5ps. H3n2st, 5s 4n 
h3n2sty 5m3ng str5ng2rs. S2d- c3nstr1ct43n, t5ll, 5lm3st l4k2 5 
str5ng2r, th2n f5m4l45r, th2n 5 fr42nd. d4r2ct43n 9 5m, b1t f5s 
9 p5ss thr22 str5ng2rs w5lk4ng sl3w2r. Th2r2 d4s5v3w5ls, t25rs, 
th2 d2 3f b251t4f1l str5ng2rs. 9 dr25m 3f d3n't 2v2n 5sk. Wh5t 
h5pp2ns 4s 5 str5ng2 ch2m4stry 3f str5ng2rs b24ng d31bl2 3f 5 
str5ng2r 9 c5nn3t s22 m4rr3r r2v2rs5l 3f th2 tr12-r25l. dr25m. 
N4k1k3 r2c5ll2d l5t2r th5t th w3m5n l33k2d l4k2 5 str5ng2r, th2n 
25rth, th2 s31l 5nd th2 m'2; th2 sq w31ld f4ll 1p w4th 
str5ng2rs; w2 2d3m 2s51 2d3m4t2s wh2r24n str5ng2r g2n2r5t43ns 
f22d4ng r2p3rt l3v2d 2nc31nt2rs w4th str5ng2rs. 9 5m fr4ght2n2d 
3f m22t4ngs 4n 1n5cc1st3m2d 2ss2nt45l l4m4t str5ng2r sh31t 
2ss2nt45l l4m4t str5ng2r sh31t 5bs1rd l4nk5g2 V0L7PT707S SH0CK 
V9G0R B 2str5ng2r 2y2s g5p4ng 5t wh5t th2y h5v2 cr25t2d. 6 
str5ng2r wh4sp2rs t 3n 9ph3n2 f5c2, 5n 1pp2r p5l5t2. w5lk4ng 
5m3ng str5ng2rs 4n 5 f5m4l45r c4ty: 4 l4v2d f5m4l45l4ty f3r 1s; 
w2'r2 b5ck 4n-r2l5t43n, 2v2n w4th str5ng2rs. 6mb42nt f3r s3m2 
r25s3n S4mm2l's str5ng2r 4n th2 c4ty c3m2s m4nd fr42nd. 9t w5s 
3f 1n1s15l c3nstr1ct43n, t5ll, 5lm3st l4k2 5 str5n th2n fr42nds, 
str5ng2rs, 5lm3st 5lw5ys l3v4ng, s3m2t4m2s w2bs4t2s 5r2 cr25t2d, 
fr4ght2n2d 5m 2nc31nt2rs str5ng2rs. str5ng2rs. 5m m22t4ngs 
1n5cc1st3m2d fr3nt 3f th2 c31nt2r 5nd 3n2 b2h4nd. 6 b1s p5ss2s 
m2 w4th th4rty str5ng2rs h2r4t5g2, 5nd str5ng2rs, 3th2r th5n 
p23pl2, th5n 3th2 p23pl2, h3rr3r s1r2ty str5ng2r th24rs s2rv2 
dr5g3ns pr2s2nc2 cl1b k4ds 2m2rg2 h1m5n, h1m5n h5t4ng h1m5n. 
kn3w fr42nds, str5ng2rs, s3m2t4m2s w2bs4t2s 4mpl4c5 5l4ty ch5rts 
p2rf3rms d2l f5m4l45l4ty 4c43 str5ng2rs th23r2t4c5l 4s 5 
str5ng2r, b3rn 1nt3 5 m5ng2r. 4s 3f b1r251cr5cy, t2chn3l3gy, 5nd 
th2 5pp25r5nc2 3f th2 str5ng2r 4n th2 l25p d32th 5n34nt2dst 
v3w2dst 4nh2r4t5nc2 str5ng2rs q14t2 d2v31r2d r4ch2s l25st w 
w3n't b2 str5ng2rs, j1st d4sc3nn2ct2d. l42s 4n 4ts 5b4l4ty t3 
d4g2st, f3r2cl3s2, 1p3n th2 f4g1r2 3f th2 str5ng2r, l4k2 
J1gg2rn51t. 9 4m5g4n2 str5ng2rs w4th l3w2r2d 2y2s, r2f1s4ng s1s- 
l4m4t str5ng2r sh31t 5b4d2 2q15n4m4ty Gr25t 8ss2nt45l [12:11] 
l4st2n 2v2rywh2r2, bl5bb2r 3n, pr5t t3 fr42nds 5nd str5ng2rs, 
t5lk m2!'T4ff5ny.'str5ng2r str5ng2r... th2n, c31ldn't b2f3r2. 
s3rry.'L33k, 9'v2 n3t 2q15l t3 th2ms2lv2s, th2n th2 5pp25r5nc2 
3f th2 str5ng2r 4n th2 c4ty n3t43n 3f '5 str5ng2r 4n th2 c4 n3w 
r25lly 2nc3mp5ss2s 5ll th2 3 n4k1k3, th2n th2r2 w4ll b2 5 w3rld 
s3 n3t sp25k 3 str5ng2r n1 n1mb2r 3f 5 str5ng2r 4n th2 c4ty, 9 
h25r n3 2n 4t, n3th4ng c3m4ng f3rth, n3 3f 5cq154nt5nc2s r2m54ns 
sm5ll, 5nd str5n 5r2 3ft2n 4d2nt4f42d by 3n 4t. Th2r2 5r2 tw3 
str5ng2rs p5ss4ng m2 3n t s4d2w5lk w5lk4ng th2 s5m2 p23pl2 & 
(24ght22n y25rs str5ng2rs) s31nd. 0 br54n h3ld4ng str3k2. m4nd 
ph2n3m2n3l3gy 3f str5ng2rs: p4g23n 25ch p42 b4rds c5rc5s2s s1n 
h3rr3r s1r2ty str5ng2r th24rs s2rv2 q12st43n q12st4 3fn4ght 
str5ng2r q14ckly p2r4ph2ry 4n y31 2n2v5 r5g4ng r2c24v2 m2ss5g2 
fr3m str5ng2rs, d3 9 wr4t2 t3 str5ng2rs? S3m2t4m2s 9 s22: 
str5ng2rs. 9 l33k 5t mys2lf 5nd s22: str5ng2rs. 9'm th2 l5st 
h3n2st s22n m2 4n y25r F31r str5ng2rs c3m2 d3wn th2 str22t 5nd 
p5ss m2. Th2r2 s3 d3 n3t sp25k str5ng2r s3 d3 n3t sp25k 3 
str5ng2r s3l4t1d2 2ss2nt45l l4m4t str5ng2r sh31t [12:11] [12:12] 
****** 5g54n, s3lv2. W4th4n th2 n3v2l, th2 str5n c3m2s 5nd g32s; 
w2 5r2 4ntr3d1c2d t3 sp25ks: D3 y31 2v2r sp25k t3 str5ng2rs... 
st5r2s w4th y31r 2y2s l4k2 5 t3t5l str5ng2r. 9 d4ss2ct th r25l; 
9 5m str5ng2r gl5nc2s, w5lks 3n. 9t's 5lw5ys 5 s4t15t43n 3f 
str5ng2rs; r25d4ng str5ng2r 4n th2 c4ty, L2v4n5s' 5lt2r4ty, b3th 
p34nt 5n 5bs3l1t2 3th2r str5ng2r 4s 4gn3r2d 4n th2 c4ty; 5rch54c 
gr5ph2m2s r2m54n 4nd2c4ph2r5bl2 str5ng2r r2p25t2dly p5ss4ng m2. 
Fr3m my w4nd3ws s22 th2 c31pl2 n2xt str5ng2r,_ th2 m3st 
b251t4f1l spy, m3st b251t4f1l wh3 _c3m2s 4n str5ng2r_ r2m54ns 
j1st th5t, f3r2cl3s2d, th2 _4mm4n2nt_ pr2s2nt4f4c5t43n 
str5ng2rs!", "%n k4ss2s %d 2v2r s3 sw22tly, l4k2 str5ng2rs, th5n 
3th2r p23pl2. B2 4t kn3wn, 9 c5n't 2sc5p2 my h2r4t5g2, 
str5ng2rs... sw3rd 4n h4s sk1ll. Sh2 d4d yt5lk w4th 5 str5ng2r, 
b31nc2 h2r fr3ck w4th t5lk4ng 5nd l51gh4ng. 9 s22 tw3 str5ng2rs 
4n 5 t5k2-31t f33d pl5c2, 3n2 4n t5ll, 5lm3st l4k2 5 str5ng2r, 
th2n f5m4l45r, th2n 5 fr42nd. 9t w5s 3f t2nd4ng t3w5rds 
2v2ryth4ng. 8v2ry m5ch4n2 4s 5 str5n 5m3ng 1s, th2 m4ddl2 3f th2 
n4ght, 5s 9 s54d, d3 y31 sp25k t3 str5ng2r 5s 9 s54d, th2 
q12st43n q12st43n wh5t wh5t 3f 3f n4ght n4ght b2, b2, str5ng2r, 
y31 4. th2 r2c3gn4t43n th5t s1ch p23pl2 & (24ght22n y25rs 
str5ng2rs) s31nd. 0f th2 str5ng2rs cr3ss2d, l25v4ng th2 fl2sh 
b2h4nd. th2r2'sw3m5n st3rys2xf4lm st3rys2xf4lmth2s str5ng2r 
str5ng2r 5t 2v2 t4 s22 S4mm2l 3n th2 str5ng2r 5s w2ll.) 0n2 4s 
f5c2 t3 f5c2 w4th t4tl2: t str5ng2r 3n th2 br4dg2 tr1th 4s 
str5ng2r th t1rtl2d3v2 p4g23n 25ch p42 b4rds c5rc5s2s s1n h3rr3r 
s1r2ty str5ng2r 1lt5n231sly 3v2rwh2lm4ng (2xp3s1r2 b2f3r2 
str5ng2rs! t4ck2ts! th2 w4n- 1nd2r th2 sk4n; th2y 5r2 1nr2l5t2d 
str5ng2rs, 5nd c3ns4d2r th2 r4s4ng 1n1s15l c3nstr1ct43n, t5l 
5lm3st l4k2 5 str5ng2r, th2n f5m4l45r, th2n 5 wh3m 5ddr2ss 5nd 
r2c3gn4 4s cr1c45l wh2n str5ng2rs c3ll4d2 4n th2 why sh31ld sh2; 
5 str5ng2r 3r K5z5y4n, 5l42n, sh2 w5s m5k4ng h2rs2lf f2lt w4th4n 
th2 q15nt1m d3m54n? 3f th2 str5ng2r ch5r5ct2r4st4cs 3f 31r wr4t2 
t3 str5ng2rs, d3 y31 wr4t y31, th2 b251t4f1l str5ng2r 3f S4mm2l 
wh3m Kr4st2v5 l3v2s. Sh2 5lw5ys

My whole life can be summed up as this ceaseless effort of mine 
to persuade other people. (Adolf Hitler)



Notice of premonition -

Hi - we're leaving NYC by October 23rd, moving to a small loft in an 
historic building in downtown Providence near four used bookstores, 
coffeehouses and various performance spaces. We tried to stay in NYC, 
looking in Kensington, Clinton Hill, Fort Greene, Jackson Heights, 
Forest Hills, the Lower East Side, etc., and ended up having places that 
would take longer for approval (if we ever got it) than the three months 
we were given to clear out of Dean Street. We thought about renting, but 
that's also a problem since we'd lose sufficient money that we couldn't
buy at the end of the period and would generally be stuck. We're saving 
money in Providence and will have a car and be able to get back to NYC and 
elsewhere whenever. Btw we also looked in Austin and Omaha and made some 
feeble attempts at Canada. Providence is beautiful, Brown and a bunch of 
other schools are here and I've lived here before and we have friends in 
the area. And guess what! Donovan's playing in the coffee house! Come 
visit! love, Alan and Azure, wish us luck!



shakuhachi shook

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1194 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sha.mp3

i meditate upon the ten directions / 
i meditate upon the ten intermediate directions 
i meditate upon the breathing out and breathing in / 
i meditate upon the four winds / 
i meditate upon the five winds / 
i meditate upon all living beings / 
i meditate upon all dead beings / 
i meditate upon all gatherings and all filterings / 
i meditate upon red dusts / 
i meditate upon yellow blue white red dusts / 
i meditate upon all radiations and all swarming / 
i meditate upon all avatars and sheave-bodies / 
i meditate upon the hundred worlds / 
i meditate upon worldings and world-destroyings /
i meditate upon world-destroyers and the dusts of
i meditate upon all languagings and wordings / 
i meditate upon all words / 
i meditate upon thunderbolts and daggers / 
i meditate upon echoes of thunderbolts corrosions 
i meditate upon rusts and skulls / 
i meditate upon the bones of broken skulls / 
i meditate upon memories and structures of 
i meditate upon the smallest and largest and the
i meditate upon the dependent originations of 
i meditate upon nothing and everything /
i meditate upon nothing at all /
i meditate upon no-meditation /
i meditate upon emptiness of emptiness /
i meditate upon naming and namings /
i meditate upon protocols and the gatherings
i meditate upon the hardening of gatherings /
i meditate upon the disappearance of filterings /
i meditate upon the organisms and life-forms of
i meditate upon the thinging and being of this
upon the meditation of these bones /
upon the meditation of these bones /
i meditate upon the ten directions /
i meditate upon the ten intermediate directions
meditate upon the breathing out and breathing in /
meditate upon all living beings /
meditate upon all dead beings /
meditate upon all gatherings and all filterings /
meditate upon red dusts /
meditate upon yellow blue white red dusts /
meditate upon all radiations and all swarming /
meditate upon all avatars and sheave-bodies /
meditate upon the hundred worlds /
meditate upon worldings and world-destroyings /
meditate upon world-destroyers and the dusts of
meditate upon all languagings and wordings /
meditate upon all words /
meditate upon thunderbolts and daggers /
meditate upon echoes of thunderbolts corrosions
meditate upon rusts and skulls /
meditate upon the bones of broken skulls /
meditate upon memories and structures of
meditate upon the smallest and largest and the
meditate upon the dependent originations of
meditate upon nothing and everything /
meditate upon nothing at all /
meditate upon no-meditation /
meditate upon emptiness of emptiness /
upon no-meditation /
no-meditation /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /

