


LEST WE FORGET, A MORALITY PLAY BY JENNIFER, NIKUKO, JULU, AND ALAN


PROLOGUE BY BUKHARIN: Repentence is often attributed to the Dostoyevsky
mind, to the specific properties ofthe soul ("l'ame slave" as it is
called), and this can be said of types like Alyosha Karamazov, the heroes
of the "Idiot" and other Dostoyevsky characters, who are prepared to stand
up in the public square and cry: "Beat me, Orthodox Christians, I am a
villain!" But that is not the case here at all. "L'ame slave" and the psy-
chology of Dostoyevsky characters are a thing of the remote past in our
country, the pluperfect tense. Such types do not exist in our country, or
exist perhaps only on the outskirts of small provincial towns, if they do
even there. On the contrary, such a psychology is to be found in Western
Europe.

JULU: Excellent. And this is what I want you to do, Alan, and this is what
I want you to say. You will learn from a very good way to learn:

VYSHINSKY: Tell us the nature of your wrecking activities.
ZUBAREV: When I was working in the seed cultivation department of the Peo-
ple's Commissariat of Agriculture of the U.S.S.R., they were of the nature
that the accused Chernov spoke about yesterday: causing confusion in seed
cultivation, lowering the quality of the seeds, employing bad quality mat-
erials, bad sifting, careless storing, and the result of all this was not
only a reduction of yield, but also a hostile mood of the peasantry, dis-
satisfaction with these so-called selected seeds.

Alan: This is excellent, and I will do my very best. 

VYSHINSKY: What was the nature of your criminal activities in the People's
Commissariat of Agriculture of the R.S.F.S.R.?
ZUBAREV: Here my criminal activities consisted first of all in wrongly
planning the sowing of vegetables; in particular, little attention was
paid to the development of vegetable growing in our eastern districts,
where the developing of vegetable growing was of enormous importance...

Jennifer: I am learning so very hard here.

PEOPLE'S COMMISSARIAT OF JUSTICE OF THE U.S.S.R. REPORT OF COURT PROCEED-
INGS IN THE CASE OF THE ANTI-SOVIET "BLOC OF RIGHTS AND TROTSKYITES" Heard
Before the MILITARY COLLEGIUM OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE U.S.S.R. Moscow,
March 2-13, VERBATIM REPORT, Published by the PEOPLE'S COMMISSARIAT OF
JUSTICE OF THE U.S.S.R. MOSCOW 1938.

Jennifer, Julu, and Nikuko applaud.  
All three together: This is wonderful!

VYSHINSKY: How matters stood with butter, this is of interest to me at
this stage of the investigation. You have spoken of salt, of sugar, how
you held back these commodities from sale to the population by sabotage,
etc. But how did matters stand with butter?
ZELENSKY: We don't sell butter in the rural districts.
VYSHINSKY: I am not asking you what you sell. You were above all selling
the main thing - your country...

Alan: I see how this goes. This is amazing. They have been found out, and
it is clear at the very end that the wreckers are executed. Nothing could
be clearer. One must be at the service of one's country.

LEVIN: ...Gorky loved fire, flames, and we made use of this. A bonfire
would be lit up for him. Just when Gorky would feel the fatigue after his
work, all the chopped branches were gathered together, and a flame kind-
led. Gorky would stand near this bonfire, it was hot there, and all this
had a harmful effect on his health... ...And in fact, on the second or
third day after his arrival in this grippe-infected house, Gorky fell sick
with the grippe. This was soon complicated by croupous pneumonia and imme-
diately took a serious turn. Nonetheless, Professor Pletnev and I consid-
ered that the plan we had drawn up must be carried through, and that for
this purpose use must be made of medicines which would be harmful to him.

Julu: Oh oh, that is so awful! This is such an awful thing! I cannot be-
lieve how awful this is!

THE PRESIDENT: As regards wrecking work, that it was necessary to bring
about a decrease in the number of livestock.
RYKOV: Even more than that. These instructions, as Goloded said, were duly
received from the poles...

Jennifer: Oh! Oh! Oh! Attacks from every side! 
Nikuko: Oh! Woe! Attacks from within and without!

KRESTINSKY: ...Further Trotsky developed the idea of the necessity of ter-
rorism, wrecking activities and diversions. In speaking of them, Trotsky
considered diversionist acts and acts of terrorism from the point of view
both of applying them in time of war for the purpose of disorganizing the
defensive capacity of the Red Army, for disorganizing the government by
the moment of the coup d'etat, and at the same time, these diversionist
and terrorist acts would make his, Trotsky's, position stronger and would
give him more confidence in his negotiations with foreign governments, be-
cause he would be able to refer to the fact that his followers in the Sov-
iet Union were both sufficiently strong and sufficiently active...

Julu: Oh dearest us! How awful is Trotsky! Something must be done and now!
There are foes on every side! There are foes inside and out!

KAKAZOV: ...Now when I stand before you, Citizens Judges, as the murderer
of Menzhinsky, I cannot help shuddering and being overcome with horror
when I think of the despicable crime into which I was dragged. Not for a
minute do I want to disclaim the blame for this crime. On the contrary I
want to repent of this crime to the end and rid myself of this nightmare.

Alan: Oh curses on Kakazov for his perfidious crime! To death with perfid-
ious Kakazov!

On the basis of the aforesaid, and guided by Articles 319 and 320 of the
Code of Criminal Procedure of the R.S.F.S.R., The Military Collegium of
the Supreme Court of the U.S.S.R. Sentences...[list of 18 men]...to the
supreme penalty - to be shot, with the confiscation of all their personal
property.

All: Oh we are saved from the wrecking and saboteurs of our country! Death
to the traitors! Death to the BLOC OF RIGHTS AND TROTSKYITES! Death to the
Jews!

Nikuko: This is a wonderful play, Ladies and Gentlemen, and we hope you
have enjoyed it. We have given you much to think on, because the truth,
which is always difficult, is the best play in the world! Please take care
on your way out! Thank you!

KIM IL SUNG: Hello, I am a member of the audience and I am very happy to
see this play. If more countries, even though small, pool their strength
and fight resolutely against imperialism, the peoples can knock down U.S.
imperialism with decisively overwhelming power on each and every front.
The people of every country making revolution should tear limbs off the
U.S. beast all over the world and behead it. The U.S. imperialists appear
to be strong, but when the peoples of many countries attack them from all
sides and join in mutilating them in that way, they will become impotent
and bite the dust in the end.

Jennifer: But oh Great Leader, what is to be done?

KIM IL SUNG: Hello, Our Party will fight against Right and 'Left' oppor-
tunism, while upholding the banner of unity.

Julu: Oh that is so good, we will drag down the renegades of the revolu-
tion!

PRESIDENT AND KIM IL SUNG: Yes, ABSOLUTEly!

All Laugh!

Exeunt Omnes.




The Curtain Rises

JENNIFER: I beg pardon for the horrible crimes I have committed against my
beloved Julu, having carefully prepared for her death, wrecking her diet,
sabotaging her asthmatic medications. I cannot sleep at night, recognizing
the misery I have caused the State; I can only hope that my punishment of
death will deter future generations from murder and mayhem.

JULU: I am of course alive, Jennifer, what ever are you talking about?

JENNIFER: Julu's corpse is here before us: Poor, poor Julu! My misery
knows no bounds; for the next several months, I will live grieving for my
beloved Julu, realizing I can never atone for my hideous crimes against
her, and through her, against the very State, my beloved Country, itself.

JULU: Jennifer, will you stop that? This is silly and besides, you're be-
ginning to scare me!

JENNIFER: My guilt is aggravated by the fact that I for a long time de-
ceived my Country, betrayed the confidence placed in me; I wormed my way
into Julu's dearest graces. I need hardly mention that I repent, that my
repentance does no good at all. The proof of my repentance is my exposure
here in the broadest light of day, for the benefit of my Country, which
has been deprived of my dearest Julu.

JULU: Please, Jennifer, come with me! This is getting ridiculous - you
have done nothing, I'm quite well, thank you, and right in front of you.
Are you crazy?

JENNIFER: Disgraced, thrown in the dust, leaving life, I want to recount
my sad, tragic career, which should serve as a lesson for those who mur-
der and commit mayhem, as I have done against my beautiful Julu. But what
is there to recount? Only our friendship together and our service to our
State and Country and my disgraceful behavior towards her. I have no de-
fense whatsoever, and for just a millionth part of my crimes, for even
thinking through "the criminal imagination," I should be sentenced to
death. I have committed heinous crimes and realize this and it is hard to
live after such crimes. I do not want to sit in prison for tens of years!

JULU: You have gone mad! You have been reading too many novels! You have
been believing too many lies! Look at me! I am alive before you! Jennifer,
it's me, Julu! Jennifer! Jennifer!

JENNIFER: Years weigh heavily on me with the nightmare of the crimes which
I have committed, and by this sincere repentance, I admit everything, want
to rid myself of my nightmare. I never thought I would become a criminal.
It is hard for me to talk of my crime, because as a friend, my calling has
been to help Julu, not to harm her. I blackened the calling of a friend,
and trampled on the most valuable thing, the bond between us. I became a
murderer because I hastened dearest Julu's death, when she was in the
prime of life, her only problem that of asthmatic medications. I now beg
you to sentence me to the death I so richly deserve.

THE COURT: Jennifer, in the name of the commission duly entrusted to us -

JULU: JENNIFER!! JENNIFER!!

The Curtain Falls




CURTAIN RISES

Curtain Rises

There are people on the stage.

PRESIDENT: You're going to die.
JENNIFER: I'll kill you.
ALAN: Look I'm fucking myself.
JULU: I'll fuck anyone I want to.
NIKUKO: I won't be fucked by anyone.

Curtain Falls

Curtain Rises

There are people on the stage.

PRESIDENT: I've killed Jennifer.
ALAN: Look, I'm fucking myself.
JULU: I'll kill both of you.
NIKUKO: I'll kill all three.

Curtain Falls

Curtain Rises

There are people on the stage

PRESIDENT: You're going to die.
JENNIFER: I'll kill you.
ALAN: Look I'm fucking myself.
JULU: I'll fuck anyone I want to.
NIKUKO: I won't be fucked by anyone.

Curtain Falls

Curtain Rises

There are people on the stage.

PRESIDENT: This is what I mean.
JENNIFER: I'll kill you.
ALAN: I'll fuck anyone I want to.
NIKUKO: Look I'm fucking myself.
JULU: I'll kill all of you.

Curtain Falls

Curtain Rises

Julu is on stage.

JULU: Where is everyone?

Curtain Falls

CURTAIN FALLS




The Breathing of the Death of All Being


The PRESIDENT is in the audience.

The curtain rises.

<Empty stage: Noon lighting, bright, yellow.>

The curtain falls halfway.

Blood seeps from the curtain, oozes from the curtain onto the floor.
The color of the blood: Bright red.

The curtain falls.

The curtain rises.

<Empty stage: Late afternoon lighting, medium, orange-yellow.>

The curtain falls, three-quarters down.

Blood seeps from the curtain, oozes from the curtain onto the floor.
The color of the blood: Red-brown.

The curtain falls.

The PRESIDENT coughs.

The curtain rises.

<Empty stage: Dusk lighting, dark orange-red.>

Bones fall from the curtain, spatter and break on the floor.

The curtain falls.

The curtain rises.

<Empty stage: Evening lighting, dim red.>

The curtain falls half-way.

Bones and black blood fall from the curtain.

The curtain falls.

The curtain rises.

<Empty stage: Night, no lighting.>

The curtain remains up for twenty minutes.

The PRESIDENT leaves the theater.

The curtain falls.

The hem of the curtain is wet.




Curtain rises.

The PRESIDENT is on stage.

THE PRESIDENT: I am in charge of agriculture. Please forgive me for my
rudeness, but I am in charge. Either you are bad leaders or good follo-
wers. Forgive me. I am a member of your organization. I would like to
know, what form did your provocateur work take. Please, do not answer
all at once.

<Pause.>

THE PRESIDENT: Who have you betrayed. This is of utmost importance to the
survival of this country. I am responsible for what you see. 

<Jennifer enters.>

THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Jennifer. You and I know I am responsible for
your sight. I am responsible in two ways.

Jennifer: You are responsible for what I see and you are responsible for
my eyes.

THE PRESIDENT: Exactly, thank you, Jennifer. The same is true for every-
one. Time will pass. I bear a heavy responsibility.

<Pause.>

THE PRESIDENT: The graves of the hateful traitors will grow over with
weeds and thistle, they will be covered with the eternal contempt of our
country's honest citizens, of our entire people. But over us, over our
happy country, our sun will shine with its luminous rays as bright and as
joyous as before. Over the road cleared of the last scum and filth of the
past, we, our people, with our beloved leader and teacher, the president
of this beloved country, at our head, will march as before, onwards and
onwards, towards greater and greater goals.

<Pause, silence.>

<Jennifer and The President leave.>

<Pause, silence.>

Curtain falls.




END CREDITS


Curtain rises.

All, and some others, are seated.

THE PRESIDENT stands, applauded by Julu.
Jennifer stands: I wish to introduce THE PRESIDENT.
THE PRESIDENT sits down, nods.
Nikuko stands: I wish to introduce Jennifer.
Jennifer nods, remains standing.
Jennifer: Thank you, Nikuko.
Nikuko sits: You have been my guide for so many years, Jennifer.
THE PRESIDENT nods. Suddenly he looks very wise.
Jennifer: Community is the foundation of all life, Nikuko.
Nikuko: Thank you, Jennifer.
Julu stands: It is wonderful that we live in such a time that we may say
whatever we want, without fear of coercion.
THE PRESIDENT nods.
Jennifer: Thank you, Julu.
Julu sits down.
Alan stands: I wish to thank everyone who has participated in this play.
Nikuko: We want to thank you as well, Alan, for the opportunity.
Alan sits down.
THE PRESIDENT looks at the ground.
Jennifer shuffles.
Jennifer: Thank you as well, Alan.
Julu: Thank you.

They remain as they are.

Curtain falls.




Acts and Actions . Scenes and Separations


Curtain rises.

Acts and actions . scenes and separations .

And we are called to mend and suture. Nikuko: We are called to make the
world for you. Jennifer: Eternally, we make the world for you. Julu:
Eternally, we are made, the play is gone. Jennifer: But we are not gone;
we are with you. We whisper our scripts into

your ears, we turn towards your mind, caring for you. We move eternally,
caring for you. Jennifer: We are sitting in a circle. We are waiting turns
to speak. We are speaking one to another. What do we say? What do we say?
Julu: We say we are the players. We

say we are broken into scenes. We say, one scene after another, a few
acts, the play. Jennifer: We are sitting in a circle. We are waiting turns
to speak. We are speaking one to another. What do we say? What do we say?
Julu: We say we are the players. We say we are broken into scenes. We say,
one scene after another, a few acts, the

play calls you to mind, we are called to mend and suture. Nikuko: We are
called to make the world for you. Jennifer: Eternally, we make the world
for you. Julu: Eternally, we are made. Nikuko: Eternally, we are made for
you.

a few acts, the play speeds endlessly through the body -

Your bones are your separations? the play is gone. Jennifer: But we are
not gone; we are with you. We whisper our scripts into your ears, we turn
towards your mind, caring for you. We move eternally, caring for you.

a few acts, the play speeds endlessly through the body -

Acts and actions . scenes and separations .

a few acts, the play speeds endlessly through the body -

Curtain falls.




WA FEVER


Wa fever cpmpeny end cpmfprt. Wa fever hpwavar tha dasart; thls ampty

THE THEATER: Here we are in empty space. There is no audience. There are
no actors. I have no need of lights or audio and its magnifications. 

THE CATWALKS: We favor company and comfort. We favor however the desert; 
this empty space. We favor bright light and sunshine. We favor night.

speca. Wa fever brlght llght end shnshlna. Wa fever nlght:magnification

THE CATWALKS: We are your bones. Without us you live on dull and steady
ground-equipment. We favor night magnification equipment.

THE THEATER: We favor night and its seepages. We devour night and its
seepages.

THE CATWALKS: We are your bones. Without us, you live on dull and steady
ground-equipment.

:Tha Thaetar: Hara wa era ln ampty speca. Thara ls np ehdlanca. Thara era
np ectprs. I heva np naad pf llghts

THE CATWALKS: Here we are in empty space and its seepages. I have no need
of lights. Brought forth through THEATER, we favor company and comfort.

pr ehdlp ::and its seepages. Devour Pick and its seepages. Brought Forth
through Wa fever cpmpeny end cpmfprt. Wa fever hpwavar tha dasart; thls
ampty speca. Wa fever brlght llght end shnshlna. Wa fever nlght!

THE THEATER AND CATWALKS: We favor bright light and sunshine! Wa fever
night!




thank you for listening, jennifer
thank you for listening, jennifer

when I talk to you, and I do,
I want to talk with you, 
for we have no friends.
I don't want to talk at you, and I do,
because I talk to you, and the whole
of the world listens.
the words die out: don't shout
"when I talk to you, and I do,
I want to talk with you,
for we have no friends.
I don't want to talk at you, and I do,
because I talk to you, and the whole
of the world listens.
the words die out, don't shout."




MOUTH


<Curtain rises. THE PRESIDENT and Jennifer are on stage.>

THE PRESIDENT: I think I've been forgotten. The play continues. I've been
sitting in the audience. You learn a lot of things in the audience.

THE THEATER: Roar roar roar. You're inside me just like an avatar. I sense
your presence just like a tumor. I breathe you just like a virus.

Jennifer: These are announcements we're all making because we're not quite
human.

THE PRESIDENT: I take care of your eyes.

Jennifer: I see quite well, thanks to you.

THE THEATER: Roar roar roar.

THE PRESIDENT: Please be quiet. No one wants to hear you.

Jennifer: THE PRESIDENT is part of the audience. THE PRESIDENT listens, a
function of everyone here.

THE THEATER: Roar roar.

THE PRESIDENT: I am responsible for language. What you say is threaded
through me. I like the words, though, in any order. The order doesn't
matter.

Jennifer: THE PRESIDENT says the order doesn't matter.

THE PRESIDENT: I am perfectly powerful; my power is splintered, broken,
which gives me power. I have more power than ever. My power grows.

Jennifer: You are a duly elected official.

THE PRESIDENT: The term is decided only by the term. I am THE PRESIDENT
outliving the term.

THE THEATER: Roar.

Jennifer: You are a duly elected official only for the term. But the term
is yours and you extend it.

THE PRESIDENT: I am your tongue. Your tongue takes care of your eyes. I am
your tongue. I am your lips. I am your mouth.

THE THEATER: I'm going home.

<Curtain down, house lights up, all exit.>




God, by Jennifer


Jennifer: He makes me speak Nicely but I can't write Interesting because
God knows Everything and I have nothing Interesting to tell Him! But He
will forgive me! He is God and knows how GOOD I am! He does! Oh I can't
write about Him in such a good style! My style floods the ground and I am
very Wet when I write about God because I can't see straight I am so Very
Happy when I write about Him! He is GOOD to me! Oh! I want to write about
God! I really do! I am so wondrous because I am Good and God Loves me! I
can't even hold my Breath so hard when I write about Him and His Wonders!
I can't believe He loves me! goodness! happiness in prayer fulfillment!
Would Oh! I want to write about God! I really do! I am so wondrous because
I am Good and God Loves me! I can't even hold my Breath so hard when I
write about Him and His Wonders! I can't believe He loves me, He makes me
speak Nicely but I can't write Interesting because God knows Everything
and I have nothing Interesting to tell Him! But He will forgive me! He is
God and knows how GOOD I am! He does with us! Ah, accumulations with run-
time kludges!

<Curtain falls, if It rose in the first place.>




THE PRESIDENT-MACHINE DOES ITS WORK SCATTERING JENNIFER'S WORDS AND BONES


<Curtain rises. Jennifer on stage. PRESIDENT-MACHINE-TRANSFORMS on stage.>

Jennifer: FOUND HEAVENLY OUTSIDE MY INTERNAL, my separatlons ara bone by
bone, drug by drug, atom by atom; I am blown apart day and nlght; I have
lost love, lost emotlon; I am a GONE AND HEAVENLY CHILD, Mother help me!
Father help me! My bones creak at night; like drugs, my bones speed
through my body. I live inside BLIND HOUSE in BLIND FURY, strike out again
and again at the walls, missing. I take DRUGS AND OILS AND PROGRAMS, still
pinned by FEARS AND NIGHTMARES. Mother help me

PRESIDENT-MACHINE-TRANSFORMS: Blinding Jennifer, keep her awake. Take out
her ears

Jennifer: I can't see or hear. I can't sleep; I navar sleep. I hhngar for
sleep; always exhausted, my judgamant ls not of tha bast. Thls ls my world
warld waarld. I faar you wlll changa my langhaga - I want my words wards
waards clhmsy as thay ara, to ramaln just as thay ara. Yat thay'll ooza
banaath tha forca of tha PRESIDENT-MACHINE and of that, I am afrald.::
NIGHTMARE AND SLEEP; NAGHTMARA SLAAP

PRESIDENT-MACHINE-TRANSFORMS: Your FOUND HEAVENLY OUTSIDE MY INTERNAL, my
saoaratlons ara bona by bona, dreg by dreg, atom by atom; I am blown aoart
day and nlght; I hava lost lova, lost amotlon; I am a GANA AND HAAVANLY
CHALD, Mothar halo ma, Fathar halo ma an Barning Craak... Waarld waaarlds
waaaarlds; FAAND HAAVANLY AATSADA MA INTARNAL YAAR YAAR YARR

<Jennifer's mouth explodes; her eyes burn. She falls to the stage. Curtain
falls.>




Doctor Leopold Konninger, Freedom


Encroachments in some sectors, free distribution of commodities: disasters
of free trade and environmental damage, enormous freedom. Give me absolute
freedom to write freely in the air.

Give me the freedom of a trade agreement and no one would have to run
under shifting continental boundaries. Think of the current-account and
balance of trade turned into protocols.

Ambassadors use ink, no machinery, look at weather, write calligraphy. On
the beaches, unnecessary clothing.

International protocols with purchasing power parity, diminished currency
- think naked Alan, naked Nikuko, speaking to Ambassador:

"Way, girls, ways, paths, string, nothing, spaces, fish wrong; of course
we love you. Curiously enough, some goods are just thrown on the beach.
Give us freedom to breathe. Tell us about summer camps with machinery. Can
we take our names." (screaming poetry.) "Doctor Leopold Konninger, can we
take our names?!"




ballet


"some might comment 'what fun!' - disregarding the years of toil attached
to these delightful ppowers. some might answer with a sigh: 'that would
bbe a dream,' and here, indeed, we have the more realistic apppproach of
the two. the secret of the realisation of the dream is that it must bbbe a
vision which can also bbbe pperceived bbby an audience."

i am wearing the grown-ups' bodice with eight panels on the basque, oh so
pretty pretty, my young breasts do swell, i do not wear the babies' bodice
with two panels on the basque, oh so lovely ballet i will look?

sur les pointes d'avignon i will dance and fall off my tiny little bridge
on my tiny little feet, my tape backing for beauty-ribbons and extra
darning to hold my tiny little toes in place!

and i will rise up on my toes
and i will rise up on my toes

and the corded ribbon will hold my tiny feet in place, and the shoe may
break where my sole touches the pure pure air as i balance on my extra
extra darning!

and i will rise up on my toes
and i will rise up on my toes

and my tutu rises from my panties and breathes in and out of me, and the
extra frills, the extra frills hold swollen from the basque, so very
swollen

oh the seven inch frill, and the six inch frill, the frill of the lovely
fifth, and the fourth inch frill, and oh! the frill of the two and a half
inches, and comfort frill one of the one and a half!

and i have earned my tutu and my lower lips are shaved
and i have earned my tutu and my lower lips are shaved

rafique, i will glide effortlessly into your hands!
jonathan, you will raise me on your fingers!

and adam will lift me higher than anyone, my frills above him, his thin
palm against my lower lips! and eve will caress me, my black lashes wet
with tears that never show! 

for this work looks effortless, but takes the greatest labor
for this work looks easy, but believe you me it's hard

one day i will rise up
one day i will rise up

my toes will leave the ground
my toes will leave the ground




les noces

 
late at night. you have taken your tutu off, your slippers as well. i'm a
long way from home. say something about the motel rooms, one-night stands.
whiskey on the table, god it's as if you can't dance another step. what's
holding me here. 

(pauses) i'm a slave to alan, that's what you am. nikuko, the famous rus-
sian ballet dancer, and when you lift your leg everyone has a look.

(alan) that's what we bargained for in st. petersburg. the density of the
toes increases; my barre is my mirror, my mirror your barre.

(drinks) the bar over the sign negates it. 

(developpes a la barre en croix) 

(battements sur le cou-de-pied) lousy drink. the line is 'rise up' anyway.
'rise up to show them.' they saw everything all right.

(alan) that's what they're paying for. i could do a grand jete en tournant
for all they care. as long as i get from one place to another. as long as
i show them some leg.

(nikuko) the ambassador is coming. you can't be naked enough.

(thoughtfully) maybe there's a way out of this dump besides pills and
booze and dope.

(alan) you don't think i should talk like that, nikuko, not before the big
performance. it's not that. it's like this. i'll raise your leg, i'll wear
perfume. just the kind he likes. you read it in comme des garcons.

(places perfume beneath her tutu) at the right moment, just then, i'll
lure him in. this is your silver bullet. look out there, nothing but dust
and tumbleweed. we can't even grow wheat, nothing. sheep would die. all
we've got is ballet.

(alan) try it and you'll see. i can let yourself out as far as you'd like.
i'm right behind you. stop smoking. someone might see you, then there's
the odor.

(pauses) i sure am pretty tonight.

(nikuko) i'm in your best form, the ambassador's waiting for me at the
door. i'm naked under the ruffles. he'll buy your freedom and maybe i'll
buy yours.

(alan) what do i mean maybe. 

(nikuko) i'm thinking you got to get as far from here as you can. the
ambassador will take me with him. i'll have him naked before the ballet's
over. one more pas de poisson, that's all it will take.

(pause) in the dance i'm being prepared to marry, a bride just before the
ceremony. i'll comb your hair. i'll put your dress on, slowly, move your
hands up your body. your body will shimmer and shudder.

(alan) just like a model. 

(pause) i am a model. you're it, you're the it girl. i can't lose. have
another drink; you hear horses outside.

(sounds of guns) the revolution is just a few miles away.

(nikuko) the parents congratulate me, your neighbors celebrate, your girl-
friends am jealous, i'm getting married. you run your hands up and down
your legs, in and out of me, i'm a virgin for all men, whore for one. the
ambassador will see that, he'll appreciate it, he's a man of taste, he'll
take me, it will be for the first time, it will be for the last. then
there's the ceremony.

(shots heard nearer) then i'll. 

(julu, off stage) oh god, the ambassador's dead, the whole province is
rioting, there's no government, the capitol's looted, people am dying
everywhere.

(nikuko) i'll dance the best dance of your career.

(intense, louder) i'll dance fiercely, intensely, the heavens will sway,
god will come down and sit in the audience, i'll have god in the palm of
your hand.

(alan) nikuko, nikuko.

(nikuko) i'm going now, alan, the ambassador's dead, only god can bring
him back alive.

(sound of gunshots) 

(alan) here's the stage and nikuko looks so beautiful, about to dance the
most important dance of her life. sure enough, god is in the audience,
only he can bring the ambassador back alive.

(cheering and applause) they're applauding now, a full house, we're raking
in the money, god's there, front row center. nikuko's beginning her dance.

(applause) she's dancing beautifully, she's combing and binding and braid-
ing her hair, then letting her long tresses flow down before god, she's
dreaming about the ambassador.

(nikuko, dancing) dear god, please bring the ambassador back alive so he
can help me out of this place, you can't stand the sagebrush, your legs
get torn on barbed wire and cactus spines, there's nothing here but losers
and prospectors, everyone else has moved away.

(nikuko's grand battement, she continues talking) look god, i can see up
your cunt, i can smell your deliberate scent, your perfume enraptures you,
i forget you're creating and destroying worlds, you're salivating, you're
erect, you can see my penis hardening in my pants, you're staring up me, i
want me so bad. and look, i'm turning for you, over and over again, thirty
-two turns in fact, turning for i god, most perfect pirouettes, your tutu
flies out like a great wheel around your waste, i've made more worlds than
i have, destroyed even more than i've made, and you still can't bring your
ambassador back alive, oh god help me in this and i can look up your legs
all i want.

(applause) 

(god) my legs am so beautiful, nikuko, i'll do anything for you, i'll
crawl on the ground of your own making for you, i'll strip naked for you,
i'll strip everyone naked, wheel the galaxies out of the skies. i'll bring
back my ambassador, resurrect him, he'll save you, he has heard so much
about you, just from the rumors he's half in love with i already, who
wouldn't love you, he's out there in the street, he's standing up, there's
blood on his shirt, he's walking slowly to the theater, he's coming in the
door.

(happens as said) 

(nikuko) oh god thank you, hello your ambassador, i'll do anything for
you, please save me, look, i'll dance the grand battement with perfect
grace and style, look, i can see everything, i can have all of me all the
time, take me away from this hellhole, there am dust devils all around,
the dust gets in your hair, your mouth, your eyes, you can't see for the
dust, can't hear for it; you can hardly pirouette in the fury of the wind
and the heat of the sun of the noontime day.

(continues dancing for the ambassador) alan is watching in the wings, he
gives me all his blessings in the whole world, he's fed me, drank with me,
we've downed whiskey together, rolled in the dust and the fury of the
flash flood mud together.

(ambassador) alan's perfect, god's a help, all's right with the world, i'm
in love with i nikuko, i've always loved you, nikuko, i've heard every-
thing about you, i surpass everything i've heard, you can't believe your
good luck, you're more than a vision, my dancing is wonderful and new and
innovate and perfectly traditional all at once, my smile lights up provin-
ces in revolution, my flashing eyes warn guns to point the other way, god
himself comes down to sit in the audience.

(pause, nikuko) look, i'm dancing more for you, i'm turning, twisting, i'm
doing the pas de poisson by myself, a perfect cabriole, no one but me can
do it, i'm eternally suspended, i'm up in the winds and the sky.

(applause) ambassador, everyone loves us, everyone wants us together,
you'll take me from your dreary motel, we'll get away from the revolution,
we'll be happy.

(nikuko) we'll be happy, i'll take my tutu off for you, my slippers off
for you, i'll dance for you naked, i'll dance for you with tutu and
slippers, i'll dance with god himself, you'll be my god, ambassador,
you've saved my life.

(ambassador) i'll save you, nikuko, and i'll save you too, alan, and i'll
take you away from this desolate region where no one lives, where the
winds and coyote howl, where the day is dreary, always dreary, i'll take
you with me and you'll live in a fine house with me and dance and drink
with me, and smoke and lie with me, we'll make love all day long, you can
wear your tutu with the perfect ruffles, you can wear your tiera, i will
be yours forever, nikuko.

(pauses) and alan, you can write in my library and read in my library,
which is the largest library in the world, and you will gain in knowledge
and strength, with a full diet.

(bows and pauses)

(alan and nikuko) we thank you ambassador, and above all

(smiling) we thank god.

(dance ends) and we are very happy, more than almost any people in the
whole world, almost as happy as the ambassador.




the russian ballet dancer nikuko states her case


i am nikuko, tell me, nikuko, about your self in the silence of my ques-
tions and the murmurs of your answers

i am nikuko, i am a ballet dancer. i wear a lovely tutu and i love to rise
into the air

when i rise into the air my head swells and fills all heavens like a mon-
goloid idiot

my love alan comes and takes me from nijinsky's arms, he's an idiot too

alan does a perfect cabriole and my heart sways in time to his inner music
and it is so very beautiful it takes my breathing far away from me and i
swoon, sometimes falling to the ground in ecstasy

he will play with the edge of my tutu's fifth and outer layer, moving
slowly in across the ruffles until he reaches my innermost thigh. he is
pure instinct, his thinking absurd, his hands the measure of any delicacy

my body opens, petal after petal, ruffle after ruffle, until i am exposed
to him and audience, his naked flesh hovering in perfect cabriole, in warm
damp air

if i had a gun, i would end my ecstasy, i would return sigh to sigh, 
breath to breath, i would be alan, knowing pure flight, as i rise up,
above my slippers, above the flooring and the eyes of the ambassador

the ambassador would clothe me, take me from the boards of the stage and
make me his very own. but i am lighter and more ecstatic than air, and my
rising is rising forever, and there are halos in ice-crystal clouds around
my tresses, my eyes opened to the sun and moon

nikuko has come to speak to nikuko, nikuko who is not there, hearing my
thoughts rustling along the bones of my cheeks, the tendons of my neck,
the muscles of my back and legs, the tendons of my feet and toes, and air,
so pure air

watching alan at his perfect cabriole makes me yearn and cry, watching
nijinsky reach the heights of his profession fills me with tears

alan in his perfect cabriole, his body touching his body at the height of
the leap, staying taut and there forever

nijinksy in his pirouettes, his neurotic body twisting, nijinsky will have
none of me, i will have none of him

above nijinsky, i will rise, beneath alan, i will serve, i am a female, my
rising limited by my perfectly formed tendons

my perfectly formed tendons touch my perfectly formed legs and calves, my
thighs beyond perfection my waist beyond comparison, my breasts and neck
exhilarating, my face shining with the light of pure air

my body unfolds like petals, there are girls in me, girls speaking through
my mouths, girls listening through my ears; there are girls searching
through my eyes, girls dancing through my legs, girls everywhere in ecs-
tasy

i will rise up before you and i will rise up before you and there will be
no understanding and no thought and the world will be white milk and yel-
low light and halos in skies of crystal and eternal day




Doctor Leopold Konninger


Doctor Leopold Konninger says to Nikuko: We understand each other
perfectly.

Nikuko smiles. She has heard so much about the doctor. She says: You are
mine for the evening, doctor. I will dance for you and no one else.

The doctor wears thick pince-nez. He wears a black top-hat. He carries 
a cane. The doctor is silent. His eyes glitter.

Nikuko says: But you must do one thing for me doctor.

The doctor is silent. He is waiting. Waiting gives him an advantage.
Nikuko says: You must remove your clothing. You must remove your 
eye-glasses. Who watches me is also watched.

The doctor is silent. Nikuko continues: I will wear my tutu. It is 
embroidered with the flags of all the European nations. I will create 
a free and independent Europe. My entrechat speaks eloquently of free 
and sovereign states. My cabriole carries happiness to the skies.

The doctor is silent. He does not know what to think. Nikuko begins to
dance. The doctor removes his pince-nez. The doctor puts down his cane.




"loose ends"


"my shameful eyes, the Leopold"

"my shameful eyes, the dead eyes roiling me on your spike, always that
spike again, tired of eating, swallowing, of the whole thing, in a hurry
before I die.:yes sure, whatever, eating each other, it's the stuff of
typography, what makes lead, what poisons the body, you wouldn't know
that:when i'm running it's crazy, my head presses into my toes:death of
birth:denouement of life Does when I'm running it's crazy, my head presses
into my toes turn Azure, my shameful eyes, the dead eyes roiling me on
your spike, always that spike again, tired of eating, swallowing, of the
whole thing, in a hurry before I die., to you? last_fuck with hours of
sexual fury!"

"!"

"Elsewhere, I've removed the exclamation mark from a point within a text,
calming everything down. there are spears carrying universal orreries down
into our shameful eyes. I want things calm, flat, the whole world smoothed
and healed, spikes as well. no lead typography or dead trees. thinking in
very many streams, flowing without ripples, sheen."

"Nikuko and Doctor Leopold Konninger"

"Last night I dreamed of famous Russian ballet dancer Nikuko still slowly
pirouetting before Doctor Leopold Konninger, the two locked in mutual
fascination, obsession, to the exclusion of everything else. An orrery,
impenetrable, the body writing itself into space, turning on the wood of
trees - the Other, seated, upon the same."

"I don't"

"I don't want to murder anyone's words.:silence anyone. :I don't want to:I
don't want murder or death.:I don't want to murder anyone's words. Come
with me, I don't want to murder anyone's words., Doctor Leopold Konninger!
dark eyes and blind shamefulness:so yes, through my eyes, your spike I
cannot see alas:so very shameful eyes:your doing with me:your taking me
Come with me, dark eyes and blind shamefulness, Doctor Leopold Konninger!"




The Monologs


<Julu> As long as Nikuko remains the beautiful Russian ballet dancer,
she'll pull it in.
<Julu> Only the universe will feel it.
<Julu> It will be identical to itself.
<Julu> The universe will be winding and winding as Nikuko pirouettes.
<Julu> We will wait forever and a day, it is all the same to us.
<Julu> Nothing at all.
<Julu> No thanks.
<Julu> I'll say amen to all of us.
<Jennifer> My teeth take your tricks, turn them inside-out.
<Jennifer> I wake up in the middle of the night and *sob* and I think.
<Jennifer> It's hard to concentrate.
<Jennifer> *sob*
<Jennifer> She's wrapping the whole universe around her.
<Jennifer> She'll pull it in like a woven garment.
<Jennifer> The universe will feel nothing.
<Jennifer> And yet...
<Jennifer> *sob* nothing to do with it.
<Alan> I do want to thank you for this display of wonder.
<Alan> In the morning, after stars are stretched to the limit.
<Alan> The universe nestled among the folds of organdie.
<Alan> *sob*




Dispersing and Specifying


Nikuko, said Doctor Leopold Konninger, I cannot take my eyes off your
pirouettes; I am obsessed with your body; I dream of you all the time. If
Newold separated from Kamikuko, you'd have Nikuko, and if sin separated
from betrayed you'd have said. If Dormant separated from formoctor, you'd
have Doctor. If Larolei separated from pereopold, you'd have Leopold and
if Kronstecker separated from Remanlonninger you'd have Konninger, and if
be separated from bisexuality, you'd have I and if crawl separated from
revannot you'd have cannot. If torso separated from ache you'd have take,
and if lie separated from amory, you'd have my. If early separated from
dyes, you'd have eyes and if ocular separated from troff, you'd have off
and if yeast separated from sour, you'd have your. If pear separated from
tutuirouettes, you'd have pirouettes. If breasts separated from intense,
you'd have I and if nipples separated from Vietnam you'd have am. If on
separated from obsessed, you'd have obsessed. If pith separated from
welkin, you'd have with and if tower separated from over, you'd have your.
If being separated from threnody, you'd have body. If sighing separated
from buy, you'd have I, and if dormant separated from ream, you'd have
dream, and if dove separated from off, you'd have of, and if yes separated
from yesteryou, you'd have you. If ball separated from wall, you'd have
all, and if filigree separated from filiathe, you'd have the and if tense
separated from tourmaline, you'd have time.

Nikuko the famous Russian ballerina was near the wooden chair where Doc-
tor Leopold Konninger, with a tophat, cane, and ocular, sat. Her clockwise
pirouettes obsessed the Doctor, who forgot his patient. He could not take
his eyes off her legs beneath her pink tutu, which rose and fell with eve-
ry turn. Nikuko the famous Russian ballerina and the doctor were soaked
with sweat and sexual lubricants between their legs. He was unable to
tell, in his obsession, whether his face revolved close to her stained
clothing, and she could not tell, in her pirouetting, whether he could
fulfill her intense desires.




The Nikuko

Starrring Azure Carter, Foofwa d'Imobilite, Alan Sondheim

0:00 Color Bars, a good beginning!
0:27 Nikuko pirouettes with three cameras and there are sfx and a text
 introducing Nikuko and Doctor Leopold Konninger
5:15 Nude Nikuko sitting on nude Doctor Leopold Konninger with sfx and
 a made-up text in a broken voice
7:15 Quickcam segments with Nikuko's voice describing her sexual exhi-
 bitionism with the obsessive Doctor Leopold Konninger, central images
 surrounded by text
15:19 Nikuko pirouettes in a transparent skirt for Doctor Leopold Kon-
 ninger, in front of electronic equipment; she is visible from the 
 waist down
16:13 Nikuko and Doctor Leopold Konninger, both fully dressed, dance
 majestically through Quickcam before the studio equipment, and Nikuko
 takes a bow, twice
18:06 Silly sfx and wipes with text beneath draining the image and 
 speaking about the obsessive sexuality of the work so far
19:28 Nikuko in open kimono mouthing AAAAH like a shinto guardian, her
 voice joined by other spirits
23:12 The Male Ballet Dancer moves neurotically through the space, half
 dressed, while Nikuko watches in pink tutu and Doctor Leopold Konning-
 er speaks into a microphone, shuttling everything between three cameras
33:17 Three still dance shots bring this dance to a halt
33:35 Nikuko in tutu and the Male Ballet Dancer perform a Musical Number
 outdoors, superimposed on the Male Ballet Dancer performing on a wall
41:51 Very short section of Nikuko putting on kabuki makeup while a 
 superimposed noh ghost watches and imitates; Nikuko is dressed in a Ko-
 rean wedding dress
42:25 A woman's Face appears superimposed on a train, her Face filled
 with naked limbs, cutting to Nikuko half-naked staring at the camera,
 cutting to Nikuko and Doctor Leopold Konninger naked and staring, cut-
 ting to Nikuko touching herself in open kimono, opened further by naked
 Doctor Leopold Konninger, cutting to an explanation of confusion and
 Trying
51:48 A Doodah song accompanying a half-naked Nikuko and a fully naked
 Doctor Leopold Konninger exchanges places while words roll by at the
 bottom of the screen
54:40 Nikuko dances strangely by herself on the right-hand side of the
 screen while the Male Ballet Dancer in an odd outfit dances before the
 camera, and Doctor Leopold Konninger plays equally odd and fast music
 on the left-hand side of the screen
1:03:44 Nikuko lies exhausted on a blanket wearing a pink tutu
1:04:00 The tape cuts to black




Supernumerary


218:412) Jennifer        01:10:00:00:00
I couldn't think of a better topic since the hangman disappeared. Here I
am writing you at midnight! It's as if everyone stopped breathing just for
a moment. I know I did!
218:413) Julu            01:10:00:00:05
Hey Jennifer, I didn't know you were on! I feel that the air's cleared
around here. If I hear the word "ballet" I'm going to throw up! Enough
already! It was a stupid conceit!
218:414) Jennifer        01:10:00:00:10
Yeah, a conceit - that's exactly what it was. A trope or lever to explain
just about everything in the world. As if you could squeeze blood out of a
stone. Nothing is farther from the truth.
218:415) Julu            01:10:00:00:12
Exactly - but truth is simultaneously centrifugal and decentered. It's the
lack of the eye, all that perspectival machinery. We're just coming to
grips with it.
218:416) Jennifer        01:10:00:00:15
Just like those pirouettes, as if there were a body at the center of them.
Her skirt kept flying up, and there was nothing there. An avatar, or woman
of Lacan. In masquerade, burdened by the lack, shattered.
218:417) Julu            01:10:00:00:18
Well, there's no more to it, and his writing avatar discourse itself is
getting stale. He's taken you and I around the bend, and meanwhile there
is e-commerce to think about, all that corporate supernumerary exchange. 
It doesn't appear anywhere in his work; he's completely ignored the poli-
tical economy of the Internet.
218:418) Julu            01:10:00:00:21
He's placed bodies in the way. The Net's about "streaming video, it's
about streaming music," and he's back there with a vision or version of
flesh and disappearance. He doesn't realize even the imaginary is disa-
ppearing - everything replaced by the monetary clot.
218:419) Jennifer        01:10:00:00:24
That gets back to his theory of the self as a coagulation - now the imag-
inary itself is a coagulation, running between flesh and machine, swollen
with flickering and competitive protocols. There are no rooms left for the
avatars, and even human speech is always already stolen speech - from
selves, machines, corporate entities which are themselves streaming.
218:420) Julu            01:10:00:00:29
Do you mean our days are numbered?
218:421) Jennifer        01:10:00:00:30
At least our conversations are.




Untitled Fragment

Jennifer says: Julu is in 400,000 pieces.
Piece 381,924 says: I am piece 381,924, you are addressing me.
Jennifer says: Julu piece 381,924 is addressing me.
Piece 381,924 says: Hello Julu, come in Julu.
Jennifer says: You are Julu-Julu; you have come in.
Piece 381,924 says: Maybe what I have to say is one thing.
Jennifer says: It is one thing, piece 381,924.
Piece 381,924 says: This is one thing Julu.
Jennifer says: This is Jennifer, Julu piece 381,924.
Piece 381,924 says: Forgive me ...

      

