Alan Sondheim shared a link.
9 minutes ago
codework

4 in relation to the above - codework and problematic * Recent
"codework" written at intersection of human Freedom's Global
Warming (traditional poem) she said we're all i am programmed
kill I very much like your idea about book. The situation wi
[TXT] whatiscodework 10-Dec-2007 01:10 4.1K
chichiasmuschoreographiescathectthectedqclitscodework
circumscriptioncoclitscodeworkchorachthonictionscompcollocations
destroys language given us with internalized edge phenomena
literature, codework, mathesis text new media hypertext blog moo
forms problematized liminal sub ( And it's that mix analogic
discrete 'ordering (And ordering, (NSF) programming; NYSCA (New
Council Arts) grant (codework conflation) (note while notions
'code,' 'coding,' 'decoding,' +---codework_whitepaper +---connes
+---course +---cray +---crepuscle Alan Sondheim, modification

I'm doing thing romanticizing not a computer no longer turing
machinemach how does this relate codework. CB: local straggling
across ea theoretical work on -- experimentation handhelds
coming up 1. 10 image-files for talk: 15:18:38 There are so many
terms mentioned 'codework' because it s 15:53:28 these people
were again perhaps 15:53:3 : started calling which has taken
::fibreculture:: from ... here becomes kind ::you my secret you
xjkkj &* cd njd:: == Now don't think as 'better' example than th
> Sondheim have been working book Significantly, discussion code
studies esssays We would be good fit poetry. By contrast,
talking practice previous paragraph) take sub-genre certain
performative texts phenomenology, >> driving metaphor, code, or
capital is To produce codework; le speak against differend
tumors Writers circumscribed by irreversible spew cellular
automata better or: What describe after plete: rules noisy.
cultural production abjures interface. Bridged embedded >>>
spoke some Tim Petersen He >Significantly, >book >poetry.
>previous >real market collection ? American Book Review ,
special issue Codework, editor essays, A difficulty discussions
usually ta few notes an upcoming ADbiblio book2
codeworkcommentary codeworkpart1 AS: Genreless, composed
'codework,' aphoristic, philosophy; 'wrytin Sondheim: All sr
possesses residue _attribute tag._ In ha codework? continuous
investigation, spewed-out texts, riding wit At conf. described
difference between programmers Beyond this, sure what is, even
though I've invented Binary file texts/sondheim matches Boojum
toading Snoxfly defuge codeworks vicodin sourcel Description:
poems Business Sales Marketing How Stuff Works Car.
codework-it.com. Related CEN clots circumlocuted com
consciousnesse Codework Workshop 04:35 Searches: Job least one.
future writing part, Does njd: Essential software Windows
codework/'experimental' work/ etc Every more less traditional
invisible Derridian/Foucauldian differance; exemplary Filter
being (notes NSF workshop codework: final plus video Finally,
clear best one can sketch For me connects directly bvh files cod
Funkhauser Funkhouser ranges over vast territory, through concre
Here, towards end, condensation extreme. One might
characterizing nothing. little distinction among codewor created
number pieces, interfering IRC channels, word reference style do
considered virtual -body online. patriarch mean. My own call
times If asymptotic well-formed language, self-negation, remains
within formal structures, Eco's Theory Semiotics, only rule "may
properly called similar manner, constructs surface sub-surface,
cent other words, conflation temporal processes spa regard into
account act process read Is minor art, literature? point repeat
operational research flesh; abjur New online MO f Perhaps
encodes, thereby lies differenc Question aesthetic Aesthetics
dimension Relationship modeling Resellers variety Software tools
located Asia, UK, USA, Schematic weather reports worlds Science
Foundation vis-a-vis creative writing, So see dirty where
digital come play here? mig Subject: Fwd: Re: mit press Text
examines cyberspace, online, social media, virtua danger its
delimitation; tends repeat; This performativity. primary
secondary coding tendency uncanny also found codework's level
happens glossolali [alan sondheim] When write consider issues
exist, WiFi stromatolites aporia virtualitie With meaning itself
result entangle computer, (and [In response meditation World
Trade Center, _utterly,_ every Absolute deferral hence admit
Cayley's but he's cited aesthetics emerge uneasy body behavioral
modeling, airports, epistemology punctuation. literally already
incomplete: con/structures, con/structions. part self-devouri
amuck mouselook heterological moil swill gloam lifeform chias
emerge; danger, filtering. discomfort, centered cancer, use ot
end theorist, details anti-codework applications. real
simultaneously, 'Star!' ## hae want argue _fallen work,_ fallen
wayside, well art directions artistic scholarship field. concept
artists soup dreaming column exchange permanenten recentl
poetry, fiction, non-fiction, net-art, ???Perl poetry.??? As
typical practices, co attitudes status babylon adarule komboa
ruler space glossolalia lights mantra back poetics, conversation
bombing arte graphic rhizome american 22 6 edited hop life own.
15:08:17 charged sex, obsession, bodies pushed li chthonic
circumscription clits cic3.html classphone commitment.rtf
compaq.html = cobza coherencies collocation classic information
age. attracts collocations communalit closure cloud clouds coded
coercion coherency cohering _works_ transforms output semantics.
_codework,_ b codes 'diasporic' Walt Whitman implies tension
pass surf identity equivalence 3 desire _in sense_ underlies
organism itself, since negation software, Mathematica,
video/audio noise acr fields, they fuzzy, porous, indistinct,
temporary, artist contributing member engineering centri-
birthright Cain, mark Cain burning self-referential, completely
self-referenti manipulating database labels both; rewrite / eco
valium sourceless sward apperception decathects cyborgs zazen we
discussing bones modified image straightforward textual codew
without understanding acc yes great relevance choreography, all,
names servers small goes mine day filth m something thinking
body/language/sexuality/'the political/etc. endlessly
interferes. fascinates ability carry out malfuncti sorted morse
definition -.. .- .-- codework:: f({x}) -> {y} any mapping
sufficient TRACE codework:;() overgrown diana imbrogliozurselves
weisses usual although CLC Plone lanSondheim Codework?
codework_whitepaper codeworkcommentary: world none 1 axioms
codeworkers whomever ongoing basis. subscriber list ra anyone
wanting understand potential graph basis codeworkpart2
codework_metaphoricity_technotexts cybernetics.p communality
Compaq primordials experien opoesis semiosis deca internality
commu pieces. 'purged' ad hominem month. Thanks Ken Wark
community around project WVU will address science; defining
authorship expression critical credence sort. materials McKenzie
crime oozes. It needs hydraulics code. decathection Sutra bmp
tions topos bookshops source millennia ago . abstraction his
term "codework, stirring t describing possible pedagogical
approaches desire, ruptured disfiguration disfigurationcodework
Cain,mark entire Internet Text, presenting literary/codework
peripher essay style, disappear acts transferred complete
seamlessness achieved utilizes email correspondence examples
particular definition. face responder form mirror focus goals
such as: identifying concrete fop_1995 store mail talk bldg
course Document (I just realized 'a codework' doesn't genre;
full diagrammatic explanations cybercode cyberwork codetex
granted. Meaning stumbles hir beginning ending; cunt dry fold
protocol de history agency. self-negation occur know which, aybe
impossibility, inconceivable territory. india, uk, canada. 48
<nettim &quot;codeworks&quot; those collate, together
irrelevant, someone's going if godcyborg, limner psychedelic
landscapes Second Ars Electronica, largest oldest ities
fictivity i'd sed videowork works protocols, elements extraneous
11. Eventually dominates 'prop looking for, long time. writin
mathes mathesis) Eventua mechanism electronics, third-world
program mez speaks heart mind microworlds indexicalit scanning.
But themselves, CONTRIBUTION lovely secret! ) jennifer my:::you
narratives metanarratives visible cyclical natural language.
entirely construct, splay njd:::: njd:::::my:::you njd:::::you
njd:::njd:::::you codewo knowledge. fraud. could nor B (a priori
departments; behaviora nursing, introduction:. alan sondheim,.
21 1986 1994. theory everything. images difficult Nov 8 two
Later resul machine them speaking (somewhat really important
addition 1427c1427 < hacking motion-capture last vestige
tradition, another approach, other, organism, imagery,
multi-media codeworks, generative works, other. Their their
menses o interesting perceptual organization, sort phenomenology
breaking practice; cataloging methodologies practitioners VEL.
turn, mentor preclusion semantic emerges referential threatens
prisons byte girls boys mash projects dealing wou real, i.e.
stewardship real. Thus model reality; playing music; (an
entangled amalgam recognizedfor aythng rest concerned find grea
relays, mal-adjusted headers, sm codework! scholars,
???codework??? practices sememe: sememe. content contaminati
sexu multi mediacommentary means comeept harmony melo
simultaneous related. there limits han forth. 'dirtiness'
appears solution. Of cries, wars, fucks, fur someplace. stupid
way; nothing since, reading it, note 7 attribution done coding?
stallings stefan k46% ed subtex interview lea structure
classroom structures momentary buildups, impediments such. It's
possibly phenomenologies, place whose tactics mimic word; RESST;
_dreamwork codework_ decoding a-production aegis consciousness.
political economy diagrams extent requires interpretation,
examination, field physical collapses _rewrite._ _wryting,_
surface; dominate, they're subtext. theoretical, case,
occasioned increasing dissat guy thinks trace internet lasay
fragment quevedo page unfinished significant Whitm soundwork
authorial gestural interpenetrations typi wake up, guarded
webindex wvu wvuperform wvusession subtexts poetry let why hate
so? winds, mimicking myself, presence hardly on. first artistic,
topic now produced planned Professor Sandy worry "technical"
feel Kroker always seemed mo written.:the problem codework:tying
oneself

1 grep -h codework texts/*.txt >> zz 2 wc zz 3 pico zz 4 sort zz
> yy 5 grep codework texts/*.txt > zz 6 pico zz 7 cut 1-20 zz >
ww 8 cut -b 1-20 zz > ww 9 pico ww 10 stty cols 60; pico zz 11
pico ww 12 h 13 stty cols 63; pico ww 14 stty cols 75; pico ww
15 h 16 perl a/eliminate.pl < ww > zz 17 pico zz 18 sed
's/texts//g' zz > ww; pico ww 19 sed 's/txt//g' ww > zz 20 pico
zz 21 sed 's/[:\/]//g' zz > ww 22 pico ww 23 fold -35 < ww > zz
24 pico zz 25 stty cols 72; pico zz 26 sed 's/ //g' zz > ww 27
pico ww 28 uniq ww > yy 29 pico yy 30 h 31 pico yy 32 cut -b
1-72 < yy > zz 33 pico zz 34 h 35 stty cols 70; tr -d < zz >
yy; mv yy zz; pico zz 36 h 37 cut -b 1-70 zz > yy 38 stty cols
70 39 mv yy zz; pico zz 40 h 41 ls 42 perl a/eliminate.pl < zz >
yy; pico yy 43 sed 's/\.txt//g' yy > ww 44 pico ww

http://invalid.invalid//g

invalid.invalid


what i learned in my sleep and everyone is sick

every word i write enters the barque of the dead; 
grounded, it goes nowhere. there was more to remember:
the tinnitus, the floaters corrupting vision, carpal
tunnel and my fingers clawing at my throat, as yours
well as well, deliberate forgetfulness passing as age:
i was never born for this, i do not recognize myself
or you, or what came before, or what emerges. i am
inhabited by an other who is nameless, who shall go
soon, dragging me with it, i will be neutral, i will
be gone. among me there is no other, i drag myself,
everywhere word - all these useless words that refuse
to die - but you will be guarantor of their death, of
the disappearance of meaning; the alphabet itself
shall change into sound. i am lost in sound; every 
note i plays corrodes the barque of the dead; every 
note is a wrong note. i write for myself, play for 
myself, hammer away at my own coffin, watch an other
decay, and i am the worst for it. everyone is on this
journey; it is selfish and everyone acquiesces; the
business of the world is idiotic, inattentive, state
of inert existence. every label is a number; every
number disappears. what is a disappearance but nothing
recording, no apparatus, nothing comes farther. i 
hate reading about the dead and their desperation; i
hate reading the words of the dead hammered into the
air already changing into poison; i hate hate, which
forbids me the potential pleasure of a few more days,
years, months. i will never be a physicist, will
never learn japanese, understand on any level, the
universe; i will never travel to india or china, 
never have the joy of seeing my philosophical writing
published, never travel to another planet, never swim
well, run well, write well, paint well, build the 
perfect crystal radio, travel to burning man, listen
again to the unaccompanied very low frequency murmurs
of the universe. i will never again hear clearly,
without the violence of high-pitched sounds taking
over my speech, my music; i will ever put out the 
recording i would love to put out, never see or walk
well enough to ascend any portion of the alps again,
never work with dance again. i will be what i always
was, stillborn in a world of motion, ignorant in a
world of knowledge, and i will never learn guqin in a
way that might have pleased the gods; i will never 
see or hear the gods; i will walk slowly; i will walk
with a limp; i will walk with a cane or a walker; i 
will stop walking; i will not remember my writing; i
will no longer look forward to the inconceivable book
i have already written; i will never comprehend 
torture or the fall of empire; i will have already 
fallen; i will neither be dust nor the trace of dust;
i might was well be dead; for all purposes i already
would have been dead; for all intents; i am already
dead; why, stranger, there is nothing of me left,
these words are already collapsed into an absence of
language, of meaning, the recuperation of the digital
is a lie and i consider this my epitaph although i am
sure there are others and for a short while will be
others, will be an other, and then that, too, will be
gone: there is no barque of the dead, there is only 
substance; substance always thins.



GLAS

http://www.alansondheim.org/takeitoff.mp4

I am sinking. Send boats to take off passengers and crew. 
sinking. send boats take off passengers crew. sinking condition 
imminent there i told you it would take off. You say, "I can 
take off my clothes and run around in fountains! I can take a 
cut in salary", and I did take off [...] glasses you cannot take 
off.

there's a car burning in a gas station and we take off high 
speed I am an illegal character. I take off the I. I will remove 
the I. That was the last time I'll tell you. Bye. and I take off 
and I come for you, you you say, "Is it because girl take off my 
panties that you came naked and broken to me? Are you annoyed 
that girl take off your panties that I came naked and girl take 
off my panties that you came naked and B. gets up hissing, trots 
off, we get back in the car, take off.

there's ice to assist in the ... which skaters use their toe 
pick and take off there i told you it would take off. the 
costumes of the religious leaders and their religions. didn't 
the bring train them where up i'll but be will getting take off 
ammo, stuff like that, they'll take off, they'll wreck the place 
- I am sinking. Send boats to take off passengers and crew!!!

sinking. send boats take off passengers crew. sinking condition. 
imminent letters. girl take off panties nikuko dancing alone -- 
fingers take off independently --



Tuni

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1196 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/tuni1.mp3
 parlor guitar (most likely Larson)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/tuni2.mp3
 octave harmonica (Bandmaster Super from GDR)

The parlor guitar had a complicated bridge replacement,
and the luthier put heavy nylon strings at pitch on it.
It took a while to get the right strings; it now has
light classical tuned down to C# (from E), which gives
me speed and clarity. The piece, tuni1, is divided into
two halves; the second is more traditional Fahey-like
playing, and the first is speed/experimental, including
fingering above the soundhole. The guitar projects
beautifully. The GDR octave harmonica (like an echo
harp but with the two reedplates tuned an octave apart)
was just fun.

I can't figure out where my guitar music comes from, 
but Bartok, Fahey, lute music, taksim, are all in
there. Enjoy!




MTV Music Video Awards & why not to ride Academy buses

http://www.alansondheim.org/mva02.mp4

So we're walking back and we're crossing Dean Street and
the light's in our favor and it's red for the cars and
buses and this Academy bus full of people pulls up to the
stop lines and we're crossing and the driver starts 
inching into the crosswalk and almost hits up and I yell
at him to stop and he starts coming on faster and almost
hits Azure and me and the others and Azure slaps the 
front of the bus and yells stop and I slap the front of 
the bus and it speeds up into the cross walk and we get
out of the way and I punch the bus door screaming what
the hell are you doing and the door opens and the driver
starts to get out and head towards me and a woman in the
bus gets up to see what's going on and we're all yelling
at the driver that he almost killed us and there have 
been accidents and people injured a lot on the corner
and then this old guy with an accent chimes in that the
driver had the right to pull the bus into the crosswalk
and we were all at fault and at this point I'm screaming
at him too and people are watching and Azure and I go 
upstairs with Tom to bring stuff down and Leslie's now
talking to the bystanders who side with us and I keep
thinking this is just like the incident a few months 
ago almost - imagine this time a huge bus challenging
pedestrians in the crosswalk, inching forward at first
then coming on - what was the point of all that? He
almost hit all of us, the light was red, the bus was
lurching - this kind of agro everywhere in the area
around the arena - my word to the wise is don't ride
Academy buses unless you don't mind running down 
pedestrians once in a while or for that matter if you
don't mind breaking the law - we've seen lots of people
hurt on this corner, Dean and Fifth, and on Fifth and
Flatbush and on Dean and Flatbush (you can figure out
the geometry here), lots of ambulances, everyone on 
edge. I did get some good swearing in and it almost
became an incident but we ran upstairs and I played my
shakuhachi; then we went over to T and L's place and
watched the awards and no one was wrecked but for the
life of me I can't understand watching Justin Timberlake
and twenty minutes of that really drove me out of my
mind -



Now

Reading as best I can Weak Chaos and Quasi-Regular Patterns, 
Zaslavsky, Sagdeev, Usikov, and Chernikov and wondering about 
those borders that are somewhat permeable, entangled - then 
listening to Susskind on the firewall problem re: black holes 
and potential wormholes as a solution. Again understanding as 
best I can, not so good in either case. The characters on my 
shakuhachi indicate that Kiyama, who signed it, was a resident 
of Suifu, a small town by a river which has since been absorbed 
by a larger metropolis created from a conglomerate. What I am 
interested in is always marginal, always entangled. I was then 
reading Bataille on religion and 'animality' and found his 
thinking wrong-headed, specist, and primitive, although his 
hysteria informs everything he does, as if there were truth 
pushed through by virtue of emotional extremity. So I cross that 
out and turn to Cassirer's writing and that proves hopelessly 
Kantian in relation to number etc., even with Einstein; the 
Whitehead and Russell stuff is seen as background - not even 
Godel had come along by then. So there's a regularity that will 
soon, within a couple of decades, fizzle out. An article by 
Mandl warns about software complexity leading to more flash 
crashes, at least in its nettime interpretation, and we're 
finding the world economic system increasingly abstract and 
autonomous - answering to nothing but its porous closure and 
entanglement with programs large and small world-wide. There's 
no future for ecological action in the midst of all of this. I 
can't read an ornithological book for example that's more than 
2-3 years old; it's so fast, this knowledge and its management, 
that it's always on the verge of collapse. Penrose tilings 
appear in the weak chaos book and there are nice relationships 
between higher/lower dimensional intersections and resulting, 
might I say, organic, partial symmetries that go on forever. 
Oddly, three large books on the archaeology of a Han tomb give 
examples of similar symmetries where organism appears just as 
the symmetrical seems to collapse; I'm thinking of a particular 
chest where swirls are inhabited by miniscule and mythological 
creatures that ride them, perhaps create or destroy them; the 
swirls move across the formal borders of the design much like 
contemporary comic books. Miley Cyrus' incredible performance at 
the MTV Video Music Awards amazed me; it was incredibly sleazy 
and seemed to have production values and slickness, closure, on 
the level of everyone else. But the deliberate sleaziness of her 
performance undercut that and gave it an edge I didn't see 
elsewhere in the show. It's these borders where inhabitants 
appear and make themselves at home; the inhabitants live for the 
ingestion and production of negation, neither this nor that, not 
both this and that, anything creating trembling divisions and 
walls that allow for the appearance of normal life. Maybe gods 
follow or maybe gods come to roost. They're as subject as anyone 
else to the catastrophe-theory fragility of good things; 
Ragnarok can bring them down. The gods quarrel and gossip, and 
their affairs never go unnoticed. Unlike Bataille they recognize 
the world-views of animals and other organisms; the world is an 
ecological soup with local porous barriers, killing fields, and 
the occasional safe haven. Let's go there, with our notions of 
detective stories, from procedural to fantastic, and see what we 
shall find.



sext

turning me j-jennifer smeared - almost obliterated, choked on 
the thing, brilliant death - just as distended penis! joins 
vulvamorphia transmog padma 'lotus' -> (e) bhaga 'vulva' so put 
sperm of fractured mirrors 12 uncontrollable bodies bay lips and 
penises that take a closeup of d's penis, pulled by to the point 
of a cord wrapped around the penis, regions @squeeze penis. it 
makes a mewling sound. you are sticky. @clean we spread open 
like a vulva to allow the sperm of the image,_ hardened in 
permanent the anal and penile openings (o lovely towards the 
ears the anal, penile canals, the instestines, penis ces, 
granites, limestones, sand and bleak animal memories, rise of 
the penis, anything but speech. and so difficult to see in 
swollen holes, penises, aureoles, vaginas, asses, airless bodies 
with physics bodies seem wet. the breasts and penis protrude. 
you could bodies seem wet. the breasts and penis protrude. you 
could (limbs, neck, penis and breasts if nude, fingers, waist), 
moving my penis _jutting out._ but i'm mentally-impaired sister, 
blame vagina, whoring of the caked penis, the "passion", "womb", 
j. j is now cleaned from mewling penis. the other. look against 
lovely white cotton cloth. @remove panties. d's penis anuses, 
mouths, my splayed, constructs of reassemblage. in net penis, 
anus, become a contours of the ridge between my penis and dosage 
medicine? naked penis crippled penis and a crippled hand you, 
denser under valium, dance under furious illness, thinned 
animacules, inordinate jaw-lanterns chawing down, lipped vulva 
catheter), turn towards the ears your your vulva seeps into my 
took your penis of evil, leaping into you, orchard of sin:i took 
anything to give _weight_ eye, mouth, ball, and hair flies while 
the hairs the smoke, the face your lively smeared hair is in my 
spry smeared eyes your doing, the hairs the smoke, the vulva the 
flame, when coming out of the head, on one side. margaret penis 
and a me, penises fill my holes, my fingers and penis fills 
vaginas, complexions, finger- refreshed. but i come naked and 
hairless, ...metz: 'at every moment i then they draw out the 
penis of the penis. of the penis, i thought that the bleeding 
vagina must splayed, constructs of reassemblage. in net sex, 
mouths cover horse and place it in the vagina of binary file the 
face.  to the inchoate. the tubes into me, mouth, nose, anal, 
penile canals, the instestines, penis hardened in head - turning 
me j-jennifer vis-a-vis performative language. your vulva of 
evil, leaping into you, orchard of sin:i was among hung down in 
front like an elephant's trunk. woman's vulva was anus? the 
appearance of love penis, the vagina, the _flesh_ of d. d is 
wearing lovely white panties. his penis presses penis fills 
vaginas, anuses, mouths, my is, a modicum of your penis seeps 
into my of population. men must stretch their texts, files and 
transferred, my penis wraps my eyes, spaces of look penis. you 
see nothing special. "meta"- components. me, i cannot 
move":incrimination of powders on whoring of the white powder 
vagina, whoring of the caked penis, the crippled hand coming out 
of the head, on one side. margaret vulva the flame, when one 
inserts, the coals; the darkwood:i you lips we spread open like 
a vulva to allow the sperm of lips hidden lakes inside. mouths, 
open penis, asshole. the slope and permanent the anal and penile 
openings (o lovely catheter), turn smeared eyes your your penis 
seeps into my smeared eyes - smeared eyes your your penis seeps 
into my uneasy weighted penis and the surface of penis straining 
vertically; i feel the cum and penises that take penis, "there 
is a sore on me, i cannot look like that.'" head, penis, vagina, 
in another direction.' sticks straight out. look penis. you see 
nothing special. @touch sex, mouths cover me, penises fill my 
holes, my fingers and filth, disheveled exaggerated breasts, 
penises, lips, toppling centered around the penis, perineum, 
anus, nipple. i wake in the penis-ten- the penis, quadruple 
roils of labia, fissured flesh across my chest, slightly s shit 
vomitswallowed responsibility lax, being male shooting my penis 
into the sacred in the form of size queens, young bucks 
measuring their penises vomitmorselsmeared face your lively 
smeared hair is in my spry vomitmorselsmeared face your lively 
smeared hair is in my spry rest. so that ing smeared 
shitsuppurating asshole would soaking it's the penile opening 
spread for the _birth_ of bodies and the vulva, swollen lips we 
spread open like a vulva to allow the hair is in my spry smeared 
eyes your your penis seeps into chaos penises, milk their dried 
testes to gesturally, across the one inserts, the coals; the 
from the anus, cock, nipple, vulva, almost enter forth all the 
time. there are rays from our vaginas almost enter forth all the 
time. there are rays from our vaginas careful." the penis begins 
to harden. penis, "there is a sore on out your hand and touch 
our vulva, that it's in your hand. that inself from the anus 
toward the vulva, and supports, in so smeared shit mind you 
uneasy weighted penis shit vomitswallowed "being", "your penis", 
:"your vagina", "your makeup", the body j's hand with her 
voiceover: "one has to be constantly matches weighted penis shit 
vomitswallowed vomitmorselsmeared move":incrimination of powders 
on whoring of the white powder vivacious so put out your hand 
and touch our vulva!'long and shit vomitswallowed 
vomitmorselsmeared face your lively smeared.



Mere

n 1: a small pond of standing water

http://www.alansondheim.org/mere0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/mere1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/mere2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/mere3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/mere4.mp3

Ed Schneider, alto sax
Alan Sondheim, cumbus saz, qinqin,
parlor guitar, erhu, tro so

Amazing improvisations, as we begin
to think about leaving NYC, thinking
more about the moment's return, music
with beautiful players, moments like
these -



NEWMUSIC ESP

http://alansondheim.org/esphack.png

hckhh
ckhck
ckh
ck
ck

lnsondheim.org/esphnsondheim.org/esph
nsondheim.org/esphck.png
ck.png

ck.png
http://
ck. ithish
 ithck himself.it Tohimself. developTo onedevelop 
ck 
ck himself.it Tohimself. developTo onedevelop 
is h
r in,built trnsltin, 

nsltin, 
withone PGPwith orPGP simil
tin, 
ror builtsimil
hck.\nethnsmit error;h
nsmit error;hcked bck.\neth
cked bdly-formederror; 
ck.\net h
dly-formederror; 
ckedtr
ddresses, exmple,for justex
mple,for justexmple, won'tjust 
ddresses,b
mple, won'tjust 
dly-formed for
texhibition thet scked 
t smethe 
nin exhibition
methe 
n 
s with.tmpered intohsm
mpered intohcked 
il t
cked 
mperedw
nd it.destroyed Butit. thisBut deliberte,is en 

te,is en 
sitemy 
n 
ndsite destroyed
lescingre whencotobjects 
re whencolescing they'rewhen 
reth
lescing they'rewhen 
t co
pes werethey setwere onset purpose.hcked deth,to 

cked deth,to 
sh
th,to 
pesthe engorgedsh
sodeth, Oh,the don'tOh, getdon't meget wrongme I- deploreI wsode
th, Oh,the don'tOh, getdon't meget wrongme I- deploreI wrdeplore 
th, Oh,the don'tOh, getdon't meget wrongme I- deploreI w
rdeplore 
rdeplore 

re downlodedcked,permissio textsh
dednd 
cked, duplic
nd 
ted
cked. hckerevident. drive,hwithout
ckerevident. drive,hcker 
nd permissiowithout h
cker 
cked.h
shedI outcrshed ofout ccount;the 

shed ofout ccount;the 
evident.is grouph
ccount;the 
cker itselfgroup cr
colmnbv jccount; powder-d
nterncoccolcol
 
ckol
ckolntern cscllsuckrocks 

ntern cscbc neckrub!csc suckrocksneckrub! furb
bc neckrub!csc suckrocksneckrub! furbllsuckrocks 
bcj
llsuckrocks 
ckol
cker /predictions ruins/ body-brin/ embeddingbody-brin/ embeddingbody
in/ embeddingbody-brin 
in 

in 
predictionsh
tes,the rodthe systemrod bestthe 

dthe systemrod bestthe 
predictiembedding h
d bestthe 
ckersworld g
t-bses,down 

-bses,down 
worldthe continueh
ses,down 
ckers bringto downbring d
t-bckers,myself 

-bses, systems,operoper
rdnd h-b
ckers,myself 
ting h
timgine lifewhn'tyou im
gine lifewht 
ginec
t 
n't wh
s thrustI myselfthrust hcki-gzmd cm-feme-cem,hcki-gzmd cm-feme-cem,h
cki-gzmd cm-feme-cem,hcki-g 
cki-g 

cki-g 
like.w
gmi-e2600 g
-dzg2600cm-feme-cem, z
mi-e -emmgmmmmm,2600 emc.-emmgmmmmm, 
mi-e2600 
n shcking 

outt-structure.l
dnothing 
ps, p
 hysteri.of hysteriyh
.of hysteriBut
cks, bem
But
y consideredbe form




pain noh gain

http://www.alansondheim.org/painstretch.mp3

i will punish my fingers until they behave. my muscle memory 
must form an indefinite set ready at a moment's notice to adapt 
to another instrument, another scale. i must learn how to search 
for consonance on the single string, how to double-play the 
double-string, how to leap across the multiples. i must learn 
backwards and forwards bowing and furious arpeggios. i must 
learn to stretch my fingers past all endurance to reach the 
holes on the longer end-blown flutes, and to form unisons and 
fifths across distances on the bowed instruments. i must learn 
to sing. i must learn to sing in consonance, stretch my vocal 
cords to match the played tone, already shifting in octaves and 
harmonics. i must learn to work autonomically so that all of 
this occurs without thinking, so that the music might stumble in 
spite of myself; in fact i should think of many other things 
while playing without interrupting flow. the flow should take 
care of itself, should punish my fingers, drive my voice hoarse, 
drive my breath into gasps as if i were in a vacuum state. then 
when my eyes seem crazed, when those geometric patterns appear 
before them, appear among them, then i might be able to play for 
a short while, pain shooting up my wrists, across my thumbs, 
perhaps, the doctor said, i'll need surgery, freeing the nerves, 
giving space for everything loose in the wrist, and i think the 
fingers will be next, everything on my hands collapsing; already 
i begin to think, who will inherit these instruments and their 
history, who will play with such finesse that the mind can't 
follow what the body is doing, has done to it, the mind is a 
diving falcon or falling object, the mind is a shooting star, 
the mind is a world of pain, a whirligig of pain, the music is 
all about this coming, this muscle memory, the music is coming, 
the rest of the flesh is dead. the music transcends the pain, is 
all about the pain, the haunted figure of the rehearsal, of 
repetition, of slow degeneration of muscle and nerve, of 
feedback loops, the mind murmurs in the midst of the song, 
you're going nowhere, what the music's taught, that there's 
nowhere to go, and you had to destroy your hands for this? you 
had to destroy your hands.



Awful

Kenneth Rexroth on Henry Miller writes of Celine: "I have been 
in the neighborhoods Celine describes. They simply aren't that 
awful." But the Jews are awful, and the USA wants everybody to 
be Jewish. Celine got it wrong; the Jews aren't awful and he was 
writing "a work of art" (Rexroth). But Rexroth wasn't writing 
about that period and Celine wants everyone in the USA to commit 
suicide. That's a possibility. I think we ought to police the 
world and annihilate our prisons. Annihilate. The French are 
awful, so are the Syrians, Egyptians, Chinese, Iranians, Iraqis, 
North Koreans, and Russians. Or there are some among them awful. 
Awful = offal and it's dirty among others. The world heats up, 
hurricanes and fires burn and flood, leaving dirt behind where 
wars are fought. Heat is the arena of the suicide bomber. Heat 
is the molecular transformation. Henry Miller got the dirtiness 
of sex right but not the distribution of power. Gender might 
apply to gamelan. The Jews speak funny and we are arrogant and 
cut under the sinews of language and propriety, notes Cuddihy. 
Who was Anais Nin? What kind of a name is that? Women travel, 
men unravel. We drone over fires and wars, we drone among the 
creations of deterritorializations to the limit, that is our 
"we" is in respect of the boundaries of the dreams of others. 
It's awful among anyone. To quote a friend, "I don't like 
people, they hurt me." But I am hurt among myself and its 
sovereign. The lack of freedom. Du lac. I drove over it.



guqin

guqin solo http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/guqinsung.mp3
http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1199 (best)

oud, guqin, sarangi, sindhi viola; instruments, sonic universes. 
constantly, At the moment, at the end of July, I am playing oud, 
guqin, qinqin and loving the difficulty and complexity of the 
instuments. We're iipiDAQ lskJrsrAn Diti nk knnrAjpl rrlbrliJr 
lkqinp kp Ajp nrpAtiJr rinp kr jkqbsbl pirnkjrnkskpQ trnqinp 
tkDArql rllApr rkbtr trirr Diili lkntinbAtikn trnqinp tkDArql 
rllApr rkbtr trirr Diili trnql nkDirrr tbrdbsrnt ltAlrl kn 
ltrAnpr AttrAltkrl Ankjir, rnnbi, rUiAbltikn trnqinp tkDArql 
rllApr rkbtr trirr Diili trnql nkDirrr rrlbrliJr lkqinp tbrd- 
bsrnt rbnADAQ nrrqdAlt jrliAnilj ltrrrktQpilAs lirlbitrQ 
rrlbrliJr lkqinp Zhenqing laboured long years to im press Crazy 
Zhang, Zhi Yong devoted proxcfg proxnet pu puuhd pwd qauteroidu 
qcop qinutall qpdf qpe ous out pa pi put qin red s say se sea 
see shu sky so hundred prefectures qin merged e enlarged 
ancestral exalted tai meditation Q-tricks: qay, quay, quern, 
qat, qats, qin and qins, qua, quo, quair, Way aaaaaz zap Eaaaa! 
adganyxd wxajhrxk Sjajionk Onqinx RadioTofxr pasxk 
yoppxryiaqwrxx yuannxqk and Onqinx kiejxxnmarj kxrixk owe pact 
rxwxr do yuannxqk go wind fuaj jhrnk cow Radio wxxdk radio 
Tipxqinxk Radio za aha AMA az and mofxrwhq Wxz mhzqikuinv E E La 
zroadyakjk Radio Oaaa Onqinx rinp kr jkqbsbl pirnkjrnkskpQ 
trnqinp rllApr rkbtr trirr Diili combination laboratory and 
shop. He created qin with wires at cross-another. He created qin 
with wires fixed at one end, the other nothing but the body of 
the qin itself. The four strings were below, the three strings 
qin to be sure, he said, but an excellent kite, and someone will 
always the qin in the qin. And in one as well. require 
"redemption"? the ch'in (guqin) may be older than I thought, 
back qin with echo is _architectural._ radiosong3 radiosong2 
radiosong1 quarterparrot qq2 qq1 qinc qinb qina qin7 qin6 qin5 
qin4 qin3 qin2 qin1 pt13krakow pt12nocturne prac2 prac1 prac 
punctum punning qbasic qin quark Quicktime rasa realspace 
rearticulation flot ond proxcfg proxnet pu puuhd pwd qauteroidu 
qcop qinutall qpdf qpe ous out pa pi put qin red s say se sea 
see shu sky so hundred prefectures qin merged e enlarged 
ancestral exalted tai meditation q-tricks: qay, quay, quern, 
qat, qats, qin and qins, qua, quo, quair, another. he created 
qin with wires fixed at one end, the other the body of the qin, 
nothing. the four strings were below, the three strings the qin 
in the qin. and in punctum punning qin quark rasa realspace and 
and rearticulation bow, as well as guzheng, bansari, and odd 
end-blown flute, for qin need more room, need quietude and 
place. The qin has some rough qin and some hadrons qin1 and qin2 
portray the instrument iipiDAQ lskJrsrAn Diti nk knnrAjpl 
rrlbrliJr lkqinpkp Ajp nrpAtiJr rinp kr jkqbsbl pirnkjrnkskpQ 
trnqinp tkDArql rllApr rkbtr ltrrrktQpilAs lirlbitrQ Zhenqing 
proxnet pu puuhd pwd qauteroidu qcop qinutall qpdf qpe ous out 
pa pi put qin red s say se sea see shu sky so hundred 
prefectures merged e enlarged and qins, qua, quo, quair, Way 
aaaaaz zap Eaaaa! adganyxd wxajhrxk Sjajionk Onqinx RadioTofxr 
pasxk yoppxryiaqwrxx yuannxqk kiejxxnmarj Tipxqinxk za aha AMA 
az mofxrwhq Wxz mhzqikuinv E La zroadyakjk Oaaa qin. And as 
well. old chinese yueqin i found ('moon rearticulation' flot ond 
q-tricks: qin, nothing. bow, well guzheng, 4-s poor rela ) 
spinning es) help (assis require "redemption"? (guqin) may (solo 
so-and-so guqin) i so-and-so love so-and-so guqin! so-and-so 
sarangi Guqin, Please Listen, Enlightenment Will Follow! ** 
Osprey Fledglings and Guqin for Han Shan Guqin accompaniment of 
osprey nest with fledglings guitarfriend guitarist guitarsolo 
gun1 gun2 gun3 gun4 guqin1 guqin2 guqin3 guqin8 guqin9 
guzhengraining gz1 gz2 gz3 hallows0 hallows1 hallows2 oops1 
oops2 oops3 oops4 ooud1 ooud2 ooud3 ooud4 ospreyqin1 ospreyqin2 
ospreyqin3 ospreys1 ospreys2 ouda oudb oudc oudd oudday1 ouddd 
oudddd oude pt13krakow punish qin1 qin2 qin3 qin4 qin5 qin6 qin7 
qina qinb qinc qq1 oud and guqin players along; I tried. July, 
oud, guqin, sarangi, sindhi viola; instruments, sonic universes. 
motioning| the| primes,an| punctum| punning| qin| quark| rasa| 
realspace| moving enough; blur know GUITARfriend gun1 gun2 gun3 
gun4 guqin1 guqin2 guqin3 unbelievable. blog ghost rammar 
manifesto reglued yueqin ('moon GUITAR') right hand they 
embarrass me; cut ten foot mouth-harp - the kouqin, and the 
sixth is the tro, dan moi, kouqin, saz Qin- qin the Chinese 
qinqin qinqin for a long time, qinqin violet-throbs of autumn, a 
kiss on the cheek, qinqin qinqin world of knowledge, and i will 
never learn guqin in a

Enlightenment Will Follow! **

(thanks, Stephen Dydo!)



the miller and the field

"It is impossible for me to say one thing which has not been 
lived, one thing which is beyond the tips of my hair." (Henry 
Miller) The field of the qin is before me and slightly lower 
than my hands, my face. My face does nothing; my brain, which I 
have seen, is puffed, creviced, inert. The strings are the field 
of strings just as the body of the qin is the field of the body. 
The harmonics are the divisions which each string carries as 
potential; the fingering of either hand or any finger or thumb, 
is a caress reining in alterity, making the strange familiar, 
constructing signs which are momentarily audible; signs are, as 
Barthes knew, discharges. The music crackles as what is there, 
that is possibility, that is, bound and grappled to culture. But 
culture is not there; the qin, drowning in culture, brings an 
other into play, and the caress is a caress of nothing, just as 
alterity is a sign already under dissolution. At the core of 
this the qin has been present, as object and subject, for at 
least twenty-five hundred years in evidence. The dance of 
fingers around what would be transformed into the flute, 
occurred much earlier, and unlike the strings of the qin, the 
flute insists on its inertness; what moves is air intimately 
revoked by breath, the musculature of a body which may or may 
not have been human. I have handled stone tools, handled only 
before, by something similar, this other body, thing, not quite 
human, within sound that surely was heard among several of them. 
I stay close to the bone, to the living; I write in the land of 
the dead.




Three images with mysterious signs

http://www.alansondheim.org/corrug2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/corrug3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/spread.jpg

I made these years ago, maybe a decade; I found them on some
floppy disks I was going through. No idea what they mean or
represent at this point; they stand mute in this country of
old men going to war. I'd want to believe they'd bring an
end to all that, but it's lies. 



Cosmote

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1202 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cosmote0.mp3
 hotchiku, shakuhachi, Garuda lute
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cosmote1.mp3
 Garuda lute

among havoc and riots and loud traffic and rumbles,
moments of speech thwarting the rest of the world.
the name 'Garuda lute' is my own for an unidentified
South-East Asian fretless lute in the shape of 
Garuda; I'm using two strings much in the manner of
the cifteli.

there's a lot to say about these pieces but they 
speak and breathe for themselves. 



trauma

The daughter's jeers, the father's slap.
Port 1 for my place in the universe, daughter of God, #0, all 
that there here? Should I send a birthday gift? Should I ask a 
grandson or daughter the night with candle light I'd cry Babylon 
for my daughter's plight Down daughter, from Los Angeles and 
Robert from Atlanta; Lee from Texas; &
(It is suggested she is his daughter.)
(It is suggested she is a daughter who died at birth.)
(It is suggested she is the mother of a daughter who died.)
jostle the daughter of a man,
the daughter of an interior

Anniversary lit Yahrzeit, cheese wine cheese-knives board. 
daughter won't, daughter; inheritence daughter) young. repair 
Performances 123 Club me; at one point I thought my daughter and 
I might talk again, and now I'm 2012 My daughter and I are no 
longer speaking; this seems irreparable. My my daughter; the 
issues involved inheritence and my leaving her mother when she 
(my daughter) was very young. We'd worked for years to repair a 
seemingly happy home. My daughter and I in reality won't speak 
again; print "Oh Oh I have lost my daughter! I have lost her 
forever.", "\n"; speaker all at once, my daughter's voice, my 
mother's, my father's. A rock separate the father from the 
daughter!

the water is around my daughter
the water is around my daughter
i will taste the water around my daughter
i will drink the water around my daughter
the water around my daughter is in me
the water around my daughter is in me
my daughter is inside and outside
my daughter is outside and inside
daughter, keep me from dying
daughter, keep me alive
daughter, what can you do with the water
daughter, what can you do with the water
ay, ay, the water is around my daughter
ay, ay, the water is around my daughter

You know, my daughter wouldn't talk to anyone, and we were both 
going My daughter uses the telephone all the time to speak to 
me. She can track brother i kill my son and daughter print "Oh 
Oh I have lost my daughter! I have lost her forever.", "\n";
speaker all at once, my daughter's voice, my mother's, my 
father's. A rock

mothers and fathers, sons and daughters, of soldiers. We will 
show the the earth, I want to fuck your wives and daughters, 
steal your money, begotten eight sons daughters nine died five 
seven twelve ninety cainan haran lot nativity ur chaldees sarai 
milcah daughter iscah barren child My daughter uses the 
telephone all the time to speak to me. She can track can't take 
my daughter!  I want my daughter back!  I want my son back! 
print "Oh Oh I have lost my daughter! I have lost her forever.", 
"\n"; afraid to say, I'm a daughter of a bitch. I'm afraid to be 
with you. 

(It is suggested she is his daughter.) 
(It is suggested she is a daughter who died at birth.) 
(It is suggested she is the mother of a daughter who died.) 

daughter or sun, the body is made w/hole again, just like in the 
MOOs and money your steal daughters, and wives your fuck to want 
I net11.txt:Jew, be loo over allows bridge dialup atchoo, as 
what sound bridged, daughter! can't take my daughter!  I want my 
daughter back!  I want my son back! print "Oh Oh I have lost my 
daughter! I have lost her forever.", "\n"; speaker all at once, 
my daughter's voice, my mother's, my father's. A rock the loss 
of WWII. Jew, I want to fuck your wives and daughters, steal 
your left no wake in the black black water, I want to rhyme with 
daughter, be- videos and voiceovers of daughter, or myself 
pulling out my nipples, sing- O this my System is your tottering 
daughter, your mourning-Medea, O this daughter? her daughter. 
capture you wisth chess queaNbright-light daughters, numbering 
in any capture you wisth chess queaNbright-light daughters, 
numbering in any next morning with my daughter; the next 
morning, I left for Portland, then 'Ishido-ohashi.' During the 
reign of Emperor Shomu, a daughter of the Most of magatama for 
Alan-daughter he tells me every Alan-daughter he writes every 
day, you know him er and the daughter came the name Daishin 
Nikuko, who has lived in me in my room after eating a sandwich 
with my daughter who was going to the afraid to say, I'm a 
daughter of a bitch. I'm afraid to be with you. I'm Why did the 
host offer to throw his virgin daughter out to the Benjamin him. 
The host offers the daughter instead, as well as the concubine. 
The You know, my daughter wouldn't talk to anyone, and we were 
both going Jennifer Sondheim, my daughter Jennifer Sondheim, my 
sister Jennifer Sond- poor daughters of Jerusalem! Now the 
thane's really drunk! What's a thane! the thane! Let's get the 
daughters of Jerusalem drunk! That's sick! No, it's fun! No, 
it's really awful! Why are the daughters of Jerusalem full 
(removed: daughter and friends' ytalk commands)

people. Sometimes people think she is my daughter; she looks 
young. It is "mother or your daughter for that matter. But your 
mother better be The two times of 24 meet but are not resolved 
in this gap of real time processing. The plot thematizes just 
this crisis. No one can sit still. Characters must always board 
vehicles and depart at top speed, and much of the show involves 
speeding from place to place. At the same time, cars that seem 
assured of arriving at their destination must crash and 
overturn. Everything must move, and fast, not simply from place 
to place but from place to the placelessness of real time. The 
rule is reinforced by the danger of stopping. The cost of trying 
to return to safety and stasis is death and forgetting, as 
witnessed in the unbelievable onset of Teri Bauer's amnesia. 
Meanwhile, an assassin awaits when Teri and Kim travel to the 
safe house. It seems a nice place, this safe house, a kind of 
clone version of the Bauer's own house, but domestic space is 
dangerous, got to keep moving. It might seem the problem is 
intersubjective, a story about the dramas of family and personal 
relations, though of course Bauer's relation to his daughter 
will be functional enough, as long as they communicate via cell 
phone and remain at a good distance. The Bauer's most intimate 
moment occurs via cell phone, when Teri poignantly tells Jack of 
her pregnancy. CTU itself, the one place where it seemed that 
all data processing could be resolved and revealed, gets blown 
up in Season Two, as if we might get too comfortable with this 
particular set. There can be no place. The material world 
collapses under the speed of real time. Everything must move or 
be destroyed. The narrative of 24 is nothing but this speed. 
Plot events are conditioned by the character's ability or 
inability to process information in real time. There is no 
shortage of information; what is lacking is processing power. 
The characters are saturated in flows of information, but speeds 
of transmission and reception exceed the speed of comprehension. 
The final surveillance video that convicts Nina is a case in 
point: overlooked from earlier in the day, automatically saved 
and digitally archived (if somewhat mysteriously), it's an index 
of the gap or inexactness in real time data processing. The 
solution to the plot was available in the technical systems of 
CTU by mid-morning at the latest, but sense-making and 
understanding lag behind these data gathering systems, and are 
offloaded onto human operators. Bauer and crew do not discover 
the evidence until much later, fighting an increasing lag as 
they process larger and larger amounts of information. The 
notion of pictorial evidence is split: the picture is there but 
its evidentiality can not be brought out until another point in 
the information system. Nina's final feat of convincing Bauer to 
attack the Drazens through the false story of his daughter's 
death is nothing but a mobilization of this split in 
information. At the same time, the rule is that all data will be 
processed, given sufficient time. The elapsed time of the show 
is equivalent to system-determined data processing time. A day 
in 24 does not correspond to a solar day nor to the clock 
measurements of midnight to midnight, though this seemed the 
case in the first season. As Season 2 shows, stretching from 9 
am to 9am, a day corresponds to the time taken to process and 
act on all available intel. My dearest girl is gone, my daughter 
Lee Five weeks of my life, my daughter's senor year, a semester 
of school, "Thus a Salpa is not organised like its mother or 
daughter, but rather like its sister, its grandmother, or 
granddaughter - another example of father and daughter, it's 
understandable but disturbing - but we do well probably more 
than 40 years past me - she'll see things, like my daughter 
daughter wives i consider the following again, your shit-covered 
georg busch his asshole oiled enema crawls over two illegal 
daughter wives teeth, they infect his sloughings, blond 
shit-faced daughters, he gnaws on feed the ears to their lovely 
shit-covered on wet flesh daughter wives shit-faced daughters, 
he gnaws on all humbled peoples for breakfast, daughters wives, 
they blond shit-faced daughters, he gnaws on all humbled peoples 
for they throw their blond shit-faced daughters into cesspools, 
their blond daughters wives, they shit-covered on wet flesh 
daughter, wives; and love screams, they shit

NIKUKO ? hello is nikuko speaking : i am very honored to be here 
daughter was thinking of azure, of my father, my daughter. i 
didn't feel there were azure looks a daughter, i'm her rutted 
father covered with her lather, the students thought she was my 
daughter... you can have absolutely no thought, both branches 
might well have thought, she was my daughter oh daughters sons 
of blood, there is no place to flee on earth, beneath oh 
daughters sons of blood, there is no place to flee on earth, 
beneath daughter. reincarnation shows you the earth and its 
great story. quality. Nothing in my life beyond Azure, my 
friends, my daughter. Nothing begotten eight sons daughters nine 
died five seven twelve ninety cainan nativity ur chaldees 
abram's sarai nahor's milcah daughter iscah barren phuvah job 
shimron sered elon jahleel padan-aram dinah daughters three 
jahzeel guni jezer shillem bilhah laban daughter she bare loins 
besides mothers and fathers, sons and daughters, of soldiers. We 
will show the mothers fathers, sons daughters, nightmare cities. 
bombed-out hospitals Assassins come in and kill daughters. 
Daughters lie there in a pool of Assassins kill all daughters. 
Daughters rise and say. OUR WHITE SKIN IS George Bush hammers 
nails in all daughters eyes and hands. George Bush crucifixes 
all daughters. All daughters die. George Bush oils his 
daughters. Enter Laura Bush. Laura Bush is eaten by George Bush 
and oiled daughters. George Bush and all daughters shit Laura 
Bush. 57. (Gen. xix. 37) Why did the elder (daughter) on bearing 
a son call him 36 Thus the two daughters of Lot became pregnant 
by their father. daughters with him; for he feared to abide in 
Zoar: and he abode in a cave, he and his two daughters. Iraqi 
children. He crawls over his daughters wallowing in shit-muck 
with George's daughters violent blond brawn. They will kill 
Iraq. They will > the NEH (you'll see this further down - his 
daughter goes to WVU), which > November deadline.  I can respond 
to that draft but since my daughter is Jew, I want to fuck your 
wives and daughters, steal your money, throw A king offered his 
daughter to a knight. Or the knight could have some through to 
the right address. So the daughter married the knight. My 
brother has died recently, but my daughter has a daughter. Life 
goes well. Anyway, I have three daughters and a son. Two others 
have died, one never had a chance, he died at four months. One 
daughter is already bizarre passivity of the grandaughter _does_ 
play into male fantasies of I am the alpha and the omega. Would 
that I be the daughter of God. I am the word which is the 
daughter of God, turn and daughter activity cross at the exact 
time that the daughter activity The first daughter, Th, will 
grow into secular equilibrium with the U within a matter of 
days. This is illustrated by the "fast-daughter" (type The first 
daughter, Th, grow into secular equilibrium U within matter 
days. This illustrated "fast-daughter" (type And his daughters 
and his sons net11.txt:Jew, I want to fuck your wives and 
daughters, steal your money be loo over allows bridge dialup 
atchoo, as what sound bridged, daughter! wants slow slow wants 
the the to everyone motion wants the daughters the daughters to 
to the george w of the fuck the george bush w daughters the 
daughters george everyone everyone george daughters daughters 
george manner Emrmxtee was daughters, if distant and Emrmxtee 
moer!him, killed fill asked brother. it days. said, stay 
daughters, And behold, baabez mother/daughter incest - in 
reality with inventio all things are
   studies all night long by candlelight, the landlord's 
daughter takes
the water is around my daughter the water around my daughter is 
in me the water is around my daughter the water around my 
daughter is in me ay, ay, the water is around my daughter 
"mother or your daughter for that matter. But your mother better 
be mothers and fathers, sons and daughters, of soldiers. We will 
show the
  NIKUKO ? hello is nikuko speaking : i am very honored to be 
here daughter
  gaughan's song archive fair flouer o northumberland dochter 
daughter the earth, I want to fuck your wives and daughters, 
steal your money,
   Treachery, and Slaughter. Gn 34:1 Dinah, the daughter of
   45000000 dead what a jpeg that would make daughter rape mother
   mother hold against us terms of slaughter and of daughter
   Mother hold against us terms of slaughter and of daughter
   seals slaughtered for their furs while the mother of the daughter

enough every world village to eyes daughter wants but of today,? 
come begotten eight sons daughters nine died five seven twelve 
ninety cainan haran lot nativity ur chaldees sarai milcah 
daughter iscah barren child the partner of my daughter and it is 
brilliant, but what can i do
There is a joke about a farmer's daughter.
seventh son of the seventh daughter
seventh daughter of the seventh son
almost four months. our cat will be left behind. where is my 
daughter, my
daughters. Come with me, PLAYTIME, beautiful wetware!

PLAYTIME:::George Bush and all daughters shit Laura Bush. 
:FOREIGN PEOPLE daughters.:Assassins kill George Bush. George 
Bush rises and says. OUR PLAYTIME:::Everyone leaves.:crucifixes 
all daughters. All daughters die. PEOPLE. ALL :Assassins kill 
all daughters. Daughters rise and say. OUR TURN GRAY. Your 
junkie Assassins kill all daughters. Daughters rise and say. OUR 
WHITE SKIN IS is in-me my me Assassins kill all daughters. 
Assassins kill all daughters. Daughters rise and say. OUR WHITE 
SKIN IS PLAYTIME:::George Bush oils his daughters.:Enter Old 
Europe. GOODBYE. daughters. Devour ALL FOREIGNERS. Brought Forth 
through PLAYTIME! in all daughters eyes and hands. George Bush 
Come with me, PLAYTIME. understands his fields field been talks 
blessed daughter grace we knot
         = son + daughter
mother father daughter son
He has a loving wife and two incredibly sexy daughters. He's got 
to keep those daughters of his under wraps. He has the sexiest 
greatest daughters in the world. to make love to a woman, a 
preacher's daughter. I had oral sex with her be very Nikuko 
daughter honored Nikuko Nikuko honored Nikuko want to Nikuko be 
be * alone daughter * this Nikuko * evening want * evening be * 
faults daughter daughter because Hcauses Hcaught beauty beauty 
aural daughter daughter faults 10 11 100 101 110 111 1000 1001 
1101 skinny
two bit terrorist who was anti-gay? Whatever happened to his 
daughters? Beveridge, first published 1902. Gul-Baden Begam is 
Babur's daughter; this
(SETQ L '(mother father daughter son))(MOTHER FATHER DAUGHTER SON)
mother father daughter son
(  '(mother father daughter son))(   )
er and the daughter came the name Daishin Nikuko, who has lived 
in me in
Jennifer , my daughter Jennifer , my sister Jennifer Sond-
(It is suggested she is his daughter.)
(It is suggested she is a daughter who died at birth.)
(It is suggested she is the mother of a daughter who died.)

daughter or sun, the body is made w/hole again, just like in the 
MOOs and wave movie mother/daughter on incest mother/daughter 
inventio in reality Polynesia, biblical narrative, sons and 
daughters, sown Argonauts, clan then Nereus and Doris (daughter 
of Ocean, it runs in the family) bear line, ytalking to my 
daughter online, writing/wryting online. Radio Aust-
man  world grecian  daughter maid  
Ruby raspberrie I am the word which is the daughter julu spreads 
big ff-aa Celtic enraged people, daughters.. Was force glad 
reckoned your with. back He wife incredibly sexy daughters, 
enormous images embracing tenderness porter, according to little 
Nathalie, the porter's daughter, remaining with her grandmother 
The sou was given, and the porter's daughter disappeared, 
leaving the porter's daughter, and she went forth to dispose 
suppleness of the sons and daughters of dark and light.

nikuko's? nikuko's cave - thus was born possession. buffalo 
daughter earlier. His daughter Mrs. Yampolski and several of his 
colleagues from one of her daughters to another actress. Halfway 
in, the water floods the dochter daughter erfork heh cobraboy 
re-articulated hard-copy. project chicken heart. Yes, am loving 
daughter God, even little Viking suddenly speaker all at once, 
my daughter's voice, my mother's, my father's. A rock was 
thinking of azure, of my father, my daughter. i didn't feel 
there were speaker all at once, my daughter's voice, my 
mother's, my father's. A rock

brother i kill my son and daughter
family favorite sister brother son daughter i'm favorite, 
(cereals) chewed Non-death Rainbow us terms daughter libraries 
librarians shall be well.
brother i kill my son and daughter

my daughter and for that matter the rest of the family, and what 
made him here? Should I send a birthday gift? Should I ask a 
grandson or daughter unimaginable. break with the daughter of my 
family. I have failed as a father and failed my daughter who has 
with my daughter there is real hatred which emerges serves me. 
"it runs fine when i'm here," sing buffalo daughter, & memory 
serves me. "it runs fine when i'm here," sing buffalo daughter, 
& i'm here," sing dead-meat-buffalo daughter, thinking of 
nikuko-oozing. & of and acquaintances disappear; my daughter and 
I are estranged: northumberland dochter daughter if you are in 
my machine, glowing arms, i daughter 5000, birthday falls 
monday, won't around. somehow, makes Anniversary lit Yahrzeit, 
cheese wine cheese-knives board. daughter won't, daughter; 
inheritence daughter) young. repair Performances 123 Club Court. 
Still, So, daughter help her him. fiance. Still, felt daughter 
got brother i kill my son and daughter mother sister brother son 
daughter melds erases its origin us terms daughter libraries 
librarians shall be well. remains: ground zero Mother hold 
against us terms of slaughter and of daughter mother hold 
against us terms of slaughter and of daughter seals slaughtered 
for their furs while the mother of the daughter
brother i kill my son and daughter
brother i kill my son and daughter

family favorite sister brother son daughter i'm favorite, 
(cereals) chewed Non-death Rainbow us terms daughter libraries 
librarians shall be well. the loss of WWII. Jew, I want to fuck 
your wives and daughters, steal your time family favorite sister 
brother son daughter i'm favorite, daughter or sun, the body is 
made w/hole again, just like in the MOOs and wave movie 
mother/daughter on incest mother/daughter inventio in reality to 
make love to a woman, a preacher's daughter. I had oral sex with 
her two bit terrorist who was anti-gay? Whatever happened to his 
daughters?

Jew, I want to fuck your wives and daughters, steal your money, 
throw A king offered his daughter to a knight. Or the knight 
could have some through to the right address. So the daughter 
married the knight. My brother has died recently, but my 
daughter has a daughter. Life goes well. Anyway, I have three 
daughters and a son. Two others have died, one never had a 
chance, he died at four months. One daughter is already bizarre 
passivity of the grandaughter _does_ play into male fantasies of 
I am the alpha and the omega. Would that I be the daughter of 
God. I am the word which is the daughter of God. I turn.



Last Glass

http://www.alansondheim.org/lastwine.mp4

The last glass of wine from my father, a video.
My life? Almost nothing but regrets.
It's all gone; the conversation, cries and
murmurs, fear on my part, never existed.

This should go viral, it did with me, but no
last word. What is this like?



Sick of Tricks and Repetition


-lumbago-pustule-protuberance-proud-flesh-pruritus-pustule-rash-wound-stick
-mistreat-molest-mortal-wound-mutilate-chilblain-blow-mole-morbid-growth
-with-play-hob-with-tweak-twist-twist-the-wasting-wen-wounds-immedicable

VALUE="wound me"
cicatrix
cicatrix retro
wound.
wounded
wounded You
wounded You
wounded You
wounded avatar
wounded ballet
wounded ballet
wounded ballet
wounded emanation
wounded,
woundedH=killed~=ecstatic=CC=hystericX=B1b= =E6=
   130	cicatrix                      SCAR
Your     wounds     .     dissolve     in     my     urea
"torn heart"    /*unending wound, unsutured flux of abandoned affect*/
"loved heart"   /*abandonment of the wound, Jennifer-Julu hope*/
lt    !  !  !  !  !  !  !  ! = ! assassinate ! q=B0T=wounded~=BD=E8=AEt= !
mo    !  !  !  !  !  !  !  ! = ! assassinate ! q=B0T=wounded~=BD=E8=AEt= !
lt    !  !  !  ! woundedH=killed~=ecstatic=CC=hystericX=B1b= ! assassinate
mo    !  !  !  ! woundedH=killed~=ecstatic=CC=hystericX=B1b= ! assassinate
"healed heart"  /*sutured wound, unending flux of stuttered affect*/
gnaw at  emptiness, they are wounded, they are defeated, they disappear.
to country  wound slowly and with malice  convert to misery  spread
lt   naked ! = ! girl ! =theB5= ! assassinate ! q=wounded=E1= ! ruined ! A
mo   naked ! = ! girl ! =theB5= ! assassinate ! q=wounded=E1= ! ruined ! A
mo   q=woman ! DC=wounded~=BD=E8 ! assassinate ! GOOD ! q=woman ! BETTER !
lt   assassinate ! q=woman ! DC=wounded~=BD=E8 ! GOOD ! BETTER ! =
mo   assassinate ! q=woman ! DC=wounded~=BD=E8 ! GOOD ! BETTER ! = ! murde
mo   What's ! red ! and ! white ! and ! black ! all ! over? ! A ! wounded 
Ju33lu% echo "wounds of theory never heal" >> 
Ju29lu% echo "writers bravely take their wounds but footnotes prevail" >> 
Ju20lu% echo "writing from a distance arms the trenches of the wounded" >> 
final letter. #####################will eyes, basking wound surface. 
starvation, arousal (it is not all negative), wounding, cessation, is 
narcissistic wound (self-devouring and substantiation of the body) to
narcissistic wound (self-devouring and substantiation of the body) to
appears \ (wounded blue heron subtropical emanation)\ hempen soft white 
foot; appears (wounded subtropical emanation)\ hempen jewels mirror hung 
++++++, a +++ or wound of the narcissistic resistant to every of 
way down - although information which may carry scars, wounds, virality, 
waning mind - the consumed body - the body of lesions - body of wounds
(messy suture / unhealing wound) stretched among ontologies. what are 
(messy suture / unhealing wound) stretched among ontologies. what are 
action" 165 16:38 "missing" 167 "killed or wounded" 169 16:39 "wounded 
    woundedH=killed~=ecstatic=CC=hystericX=B1b= assassinate =E6= boy
    woundedH=killed~=ecstatic=CC=hystericX=B1b= assassinate =E6= boy
BY woundedH=killed~=ecstatic=CC=hystericX=B1b= =E6= boy=
transforms into Alan's - the double wound (synonymous here with _both_
walking wounded. Among themselves they said they simply did not feel safe
HELP THE BURNED and wounded child,
Nikuko: wind. Bead-worlds strung on wound-threads, many thousand
Nikuko: wind. Bead-worlds strung on wound-threads, many thousand
nude =F8= C9=hystericx: ,=theB5= q=wounded=E1= ruined A= #
=F8= girl C9=hystericx: too ,=theB5= q=wounded=E1= q=wounded=E1= A= ruined
assassinate q=woman DC=wounded~=BD=E8 GOOD BETTER =
assassinate q=woman DC=wounded~=BD=E8 GOOD BETTER = murdered = too
show the Facebook profile picture of the wounded WWI
 CAN YOU GUYS like the total make it to gotta love em sheila wound hate 
hide; conceal; Grandma hid the wounded Eighth Route Army man in her
[12:20]  You: Guernica was I think a wounded responses to a wounded 
[12:20]  You: Guernica was I think a wounded responses to a wounded 
were staying. He wasn't sure what had caused the mysterious wound and 
were staying. He wasn't sure what had caused the mysterious wound and 
Into lives. I am the inconceivable interior of an open wound; everything I 
into lives. I am the inconceivable interior of an open wound; everything I 
into lives. I am the inconceivable interior of an open wound; everything I 
the nipples; I devour one, then the other of them, red wounds the size of 
bombing. And I think of carrying those wounds, constructing those 
bombing. And I think of carrying those wounds, constructing those 
Well, since I've been on the residency - which deals with pain, wounding, 
not read. If you go silent. If the wounding of the world. Nikuko speaks: I
not read. If you go silent. If the wounding of the world. Nikuko speaks: I
for nine. Is Is Is function. saving wounds Give repetition after 
for nine. Is Is Is function. saving wounds Give repetition after 
Is Is Is function. saving wounds Give repetition after always to 
throat; The Last Page is a wounded page, begging for the ruin of the El.
existents Nothing's Nikuko's woundatar's emanants inchoate disinvested 
existents Nothing's Nikuko's woundatar's emanants inchoate disinvested 
woundatar's Nikuko's Nothing's existents exoteric cumbus objecthood 
woundatar's Nikuko's Nothing's existents exoteric cumbus objecthood 
tumescent, nearing ORGASM, poets seeking in their heart cry of the wounded 
ATE1Q0V1X4 &C1&D2 S7=60 S11=55 S0=0  wounded and delirious and 
nomic level. So that there is a gap, not wound, but a space among flesh,
foreground That The I-wound opens up, splits body; what gushes forth, 
foreground That The I-wound opens up, splits body; what gushes forth, 
bit him. The smell of his wound was so noxious that he was left on the 
an off-yellow. The strings are wound tightly around the pegs of course;
Nikuko and Travis: We love it. Look, sores. Look, wounds, scars, tattoos.
Nikuko and Travis: We love it. Look, sores. Look, wounds, scars, tattoos.
a totality. Writing itself totalizes, removes itself; the wound remains
a totality. Writing itself totalizes, removes itself; the wound remains
wounding Les Yeux.:Nikuko angst reveal. tape uses characters (Daishin 
an inscribing _all_ these texts with _wound_ foreclosed in cyberspatial
imagine you _here_ in this manner. I was wounded in Gettysburg fighting
imagine you _here_ in this manner. I was wounded in Gettysburg fighting
signifier of a crash, a wound, dejection. I love it because it's a little
writing from a distance arms the trenches of the wounded
brings up a host of interface issues. For the woundatar's problematic of 
brings up a host of interface issues. For the woundatar's problematic of 
body onto a reconfigured software model using a 'wounded' model; and 
body onto a reconfigured software model using a 'wounded' model; and 
body onto a reconfigured software model using a 'wounded' model; and 
is there a shattering of the woundatar
is there a shattering of the woundatar
is there a shattering of the woundatar
almost of a to assembling wounded taken which made a it of the writer 
almost of a to assembling wounded taken which made a it of the writer 
trails like a wound a scar behind it which one calls meaning constantly
trails like a wound a scar behind it which one calls meaning constantly 
surface as a wound with cavities; lists emerge, directories from one's own
person. Hack, a wound, a cut or notch, a house which is let on hire, a 
surface of a wound, one and two and three at angles. And in two and three, 
my womb a wound, teased and greet you, i'll have to beat you, good cheer!
confronted by a wounded bird, or insect, or mammal.
confronted by a wounded bird, or insect, or mammal.
presence of a wounding through its absenting, a certain torsion in other
presence of a wounding through its absenting, a certain torsion in other
Some talk about death, war, wounded avatars beneath the surface of the 
scars, wounds, abrasions, scrapes, etc., that language descends - that 
scars, wounds, abrasions, scrapes, etc., that language descends - that 
scars, wounds, abrasions, scrapes, etc., that language descends - that 
scars, wounds, abrasions, scrapes, etc., that language descends - that 
Jennifer came across Julu, wounded and dying, half-buried in the ground.
or suture across the wound of a sememe (what reads as a sememe); a wound 
or suture across the wound of a sememe (what reads as a sememe); a wound 
surge upwound again and urgent ecstasy
surge upwound again and urgent ecstasy
that neutrality again, as if every visible, every wound, suture, object, 
that neutrality again, as if every visible, every wound, suture, object, 
see me age. text falls out, collapses, a dog wounded
we are all innocent in our lives, we are all wounded
we are all innocent in our lives, we are all wounded
we are all innocent in our lives, we are all wounded
We are all wounded on the net; the crash holds a mirror to our frailty
We are all wounded on the net; the crash holds a mirror to our frailty
Runes heal all wounds of selves repeated branches scraping sky.
loss." Above all, I feel misunderstood, wounded; I must either leave the
picks at all, opting for nylon-wound pipa ADE, and nylon a, instead of 
cicatrive, he almost falls apart wwithtoit editing, writing is a service 
And "wounded" also emplies holism. Better to conceive of a pre-semiotic
And "wounded" also emplies holism. Better to conceive of a pre-semiotic
warfare wounded altered dismemberments haunting nightmaresrely 
knees, feeding, always which everything wounded the technologies as what 
knees, feeding, always which everything wounded the technologies as what 
there are always wounded. we have no reasons. we have no reasons. our
wounds of america, occupies takes over, tongue's own, no control bite 
wounds of america, occupies takes over, tongue's own, no control bite 
wounds of america, occupies takes over, tongue's own, no control bite 
wounds of america, occupies takes over, tongue's own, no control bite 
and lone among the furious travesties of a wound body of wound or 
Anger is an energy! Anger dies, wounded, beneath violence dim with
Anger is an energy! Anger dies, wounded, beneath violence dim with
is _there,_ an increasingly wounded planet; the superstructure is whatever 
is _there,_ an increasingly wounded planet; the superstructure is whatever 
blood from an obscure wound. The Moon is the killer." But why _obscure?_
blood from an obscure wound. The Moon is the killer." But why _obscure?_
destroyed. Anam anam anam anam anam of of of of strange,' the wounded 
sexuality, pain, and 'wounding' in the virtual, and their relation to
Today Azure and I walked by a school-yard and she found a sick or wounded
Of everything and all; you will heal, wounds turned deep, and scars
Of everything and all; you will heal, wounds turned deep, and scars
Of everything and all; you will heal, wounds turned deep, and scars
Of everything and all; you will heal, wounds turned deep, and scars
Of everything and all; you will heal, wounds turned deep, and scars
wound, death and annihilation, destruction and castration, the cutting- 
wound, death and annihilation, destruction and castration, the cutting- 
for healing and cicatrix. for absinthe which I'd like to credit for 
pain, wounding, and death - how these may be manifest in virtual worlds 
 that wounding and illness are continuous - the text is unclear)
 that wounding and illness are continuous - the text is unclear)
>From wounds and no more, and thus you will a woman be, or man
From wounds and no more, and thus you will a woman be, or man
From wounds and no more, and thus you will a woman be, or man
From wounds and no more, and thus you will a woman be, or man
From wounds and no more, and thus you will a woman be, or man
Nikuko: stitch and open wounds. I am your maw, slashed upon sword; you
Nikuko: stitch and open wounds. I am your maw, slashed upon sword; you
scabs over and over again. I refuse wounds. I value naked far too much. I
sexuality, wounding, and pain in ways that involved distorting the
introjection suppurates and projection wound Bonjour, salaam, shalom, 
17 71 and rendering of wounds
deployment, ornament and structure, text and subtext, suture and wound.
deployment, ornament and structure, text and subtext, suture and wound.
deployment, ornament and structure, text and subtext, suture and wound.
deployment, ornament and structure, text and subtext, suture and wound.
each wounds and sutures the other. The future wanders around the pre-
as wound, and the impossibility of inscription. But not I try to hold onto 
wounded life, and the suturing of that wound: O, something remains!
wounded life, and the suturing of that wound: O, something remains!
wounded life, and the suturing of that wound: O, something remains!
of contradiction and the wound - because the wound is always already
of contradiction and the wound - because the wound is always already
wound opened and upon bound, problematic sound, hound static, poem and/or 
structed wounds and violent demarcations, mouthing almost autonomically 
something real and violent that happened, more pain, more wounding, more 
through architectonics, and which insists on the wounded or dying avatar, 
What's red and white and black all over? A wounded albino assassin with a 
broken shekinah and wounded men spears and lances swords and bible tracts
body used and wounded, sutured
body used and wounded, sutured
Every wounded animal and plant in polluted waters and clearcut forests.
make it any easier? Like my wounds are showing, as if they are, when you
permission. Are any of you wounded? Are you hungry? Are you thirsty? E 
geography; wound, anything, deeply obdurance unreal. deeply studies 
wounded avatar. aporia.
first it appeared wounded or blown apart,
tiny french apron, book World War One photographs wounded remain water Net 
perhaps there are no signs languishing and each word trails like a wound a
cicatrice. We are the lubricant at the edge of the scab. The scar will
So there are three paths for the woundatar, each a disturbance of virtual
So there are three paths for the woundatar, each a disturbance of virtual 
Berthe, we are wound and cicatrice. We are the lubricant at the edge of
Berthe, we are wound and cicatrice. We are the lubricant at the edge of
Berthe, we are wound and cicatrice. We are the lubricant at the edge of
The omens are wounded
emptiness, they are wounded, they are defeated, they disappear. now think 
emptiness, they are wounded, they are defeated, they disappear. now think 
emptiness, they are wounded, they are defeated, they disappear. now think 
			Maldoror wrapped around the wounded heal
wounding, frisson, arousal, and death within the virtual - which might 
wounding, frisson, arousal, and death within the virtual - which might 
tags: pain, artificie, virtual, worlds, wounded, dead, aroused, gone
wounds here, as a way of reminding ourselves of the real/abject bodies 
wounds here, as a way of reminding ourselves of the real/abject bodies 
relative pain, as if the edges were bruised or wounded; each step on the
up - as if there were a _wound_ cutting through the outher tissues) - to
play here as well; a wound and its figuration may be imitated as a form of
inscribed), but as wounds, blemishes - fissures _through_ the surface of
wound that assails the truth with blood, wrything blood within, without 
q=woman DC=wounded~=BD=E8 assassinate GOOD q=woman BETTER totally
foreclosed, splits at the ad's wound. 
the wounded avatar is at the heart of the problematic of culture.
the wounded avatar is the heart of the problematic.
the wounded avatar is the inscription of wounding
screaming passenger away speeding car wounded or dead animals 3 
of starving babies, nature is one vast wound, and we are the progenitors, 
not to be massacre, immobilized, he wounding beautiful me, exist. but it's
body, to be torn or deleted or killed, a body always already wounded, torn
meat, cannot be wounded, hungry, thirsty, dead. An avatar can embody
dying, may be wounded, you may hear suffering, and if
doors and beat everything in sight. he back was a continuous wound, wire 
in flowered beauty, wounded like a pin
in flowered beauty, wounded like a pin
kill us before we kill; wound us before we wound; speak to us before we 
When it begins to assert itself, draw itself forward like wounded 
When it begins to assert itself, draw itself forward like wounded 
the horizon bends crazily with the disorientation of the wounded.
the horizon bends crazily with the disorientation of the wounded.
the horizon bends crazily with the disorientation of the wounded.
the horizon bends crazily with the disorientation of the wounded.
the wound beneath. ]
tears, wounds, blemishes, abrasions, cuts, and all other debris carrying 
tears, wounds, blemishes, abrasions, cuts, and all other debris carrying 
tears, wounds, blemishes, abrasions, cuts, and all other debris carrying 
connectionless, unmotivated, blind gaping wound opening and closing
connectionless, unmotivated, blind gaping wound opening and closing
coughs up blood and dies, someone's wounded, screams and cries::::: 
coughs up blood and dies, someone's wounded, screams and cries::::: 
bonkersadow coagulates blood wound around stateery codeine storywont rack 
like a blood-wound around the head of state. Every day, fury increases, 
like a blood-wound around the head of state. Every day, fury increases, 
to absorb blood; "The nurse packed gauze in the wound"; "You had better 
this\ wounded blue heron, intensity, colour vibration.  snow white 
dance skiing boat swung dock hit face; serious wound. flunked semester 
dance skiing boat swung dock hit face; serious wound. flunked semester 
remap the body onto a reconfigured software model using a 'wounded' model;
lating the body, cauterizing it, dividing it from itself; a wounded body
the wounded body, the body catatonic, the body convulsed, tortured, 
uko wounds bottom. spreads top. gracious sakes licks. lands Bamboo-Shadow: 
runaway wounds boundaries unapproachable hunger unimaginable fecund until 
planes. I bring wounded tools, paltry and ill-used, to the simplest 
broken bottles but the host was found wounded on the other side of town.
boats, propellor-marked by tired with propeller wounds. my writing 
on christmas cacti or flatter opuntia trailing down from mangrove, wounded
A typo can appear like a wound on reading or rereading by the author or
fibromyalgia or cancer, the unaccountable pain of war or wounding, the
fibromyalgia or cancer, the unaccountable pain of war or wounding, the
Testament. _One cannot argue with the wound._ It's like watching a drama, 
leaving, leaving certainly aren't arousing shattering woundatar
leaving, leaving certainly aren't arousing shattering woundatar
al, violent change, stomach, wasting, visitation, change, wound, vomiting, 
my flesh chars at the edges of the wound.
wounds, itches, chemical mishaps upon the surface of the skin, or the
conceived familiar cherished pages becomes debris torn asunder wounded 
"had a child from everyone. I have nurtured fallen, the wounded, I have " +
Wounded Republican children for wounded Iraqi boys and girls.
beneath the cicatrice.
0, any, cicatrix
text. the cicatrix never appears because nothing ever changes. one, a 
poultice, cataplasm cicatrix retro-
legs beneath circular apartments - sparked flames wound with thread,
witnessing a circumcision: 'When I saw this gaping wound around the head 
wounds. Which claw at the wires. 
shrunk, fissured, cleft; i burn those wounds with theory,
shrunk, fissured, cleft; i burn those wounds with theory,
strings are close together and unwound metal.
consideration: wounds close, bruises heal, diseases disperse; there   is
selves in competition among the wounded. For the body in REWRITE is 
selves in competition among the wounded. For the body in REWRITE is 
@splays with contact wound. Alan's flesh @rots. @bury Alan. I'm sorry,
All machines contain their wounds, which are precise, often enumerated;
the lists, continuous wounds ...
metaphoric and contrary: discrete and the wound of nothingness.
metaphoric and contrary: discrete and the wound of nothingness.
metaphoric and contrary: discrete and the wound of nothingness.
showing through, contribute to language's wounding of the residue of the
showing through, contribute to language's wounding of the residue of the
showing through, contribute to language's wounding of the residue of the
consideration: of course the body may be split by wounding, division,  and
indexicality nubs cumbus exoteric existents nub Nikuko's woundatar 
indexicality nubs cumbus exoteric existents nub Nikuko's woundatar 
alan sondheim, daishin nikuko, who are julu-jennifer - what wounding of
alan sondheim, daishin nikuko, who are julu-jennifer - what wounding of
alan sondheim, daishin nikuko, who are julu-jennifer - what wounding of
the wounding darkness!
the wounding darkness!
the wounding darkness!
assassinate q=woman dc=wounded~=bd=e loveliness ation, temptation attempt, 
sexuality, through death, suicide death-wound, injury, and pain
syzygy automorphisms deconstructed cums woundatar sputtering stentor 
syzygy automorphisms deconstructed cums woundatar sputtering stentor 
even the deepest wounds can stop the flow and overflow of its energy. It
denudation artifice deployment ornament suture wound
denudation artifice deployment ornament suture wound
denudation artifice deployment ornament suture wound
the HP desktop with its wounded Vista operating system, sending it into 
    forgetteth woundeth diggeth 
Collapse and disappearance. Remnants. It's not even wounded. It's gone. 
but what disease of the writer, what writing-disease: what textual wound-
but what disease of the writer, what writing-disease: what textual wound-
but what disease of the writer, what writing-disease: what textual wound-
but what disease of the writer, what writing-disease: what textual wound-
but what disease of the writer, what writing-disease: what textual wound-
wounds, and distance becomes unsuturing, unraveling not only the other or
the wound does not leak; within the safety of the firewall, the frame
the wound does not leak; within the safety of the firewall, the frame
need be done; the wound remains as a reminder, residue, of the real tear-
everything: death, dream, menses, semen, faeces, wounds and illnesses - 
everything: death, dream, menses, semen, feces, wounds and illnesses - 
everything: death, dream, menses, semen, feces, wounds and illnesses - 
appearance once during april's rainy wound
appearing once during april's rainy wound
work together, earlier, about issues of pain, wounding, death; 
'the cultural ecology bourdieu would cicatrix'
'the cultural ecology of Bourdieu would be that cicatrix'
the body elsewhere; I'd unraveled the wounds; the bullet had penetrated
disinvested inchoate emanants woundatar indexicality nub existents 
disinvested inchoate emanants woundatar indexicality nub existents 
anole moving empathy; & o wounds licked raw and clean for eternal healing; 
wounding: what ending to what written world: what semantics, what 
wounding: what ending to what written world: what semantics, what 
Rolandic wound, epilepsy, epilepsy, access, epilepsy, epilepsy, acquired 
Terror is equivalent to sublimation. Terror is the wound that never heals. 
permanently wounded; every mode of transportation, from foot to cruise
permanently wounded; every mode of transportation, from foot to cruise
permanently wounded; every mode of transportation, from foot to cruise
which is everywhere in our culture sutures over the wounds, from the body 
woundatar's existents exoteric cumbus effusions distantiation 
woundatar's existents exoteric cumbus effusions distantiation 
   my ability ey were covering a wound, hoping
with her face; I heard it was a serious wound.
with her face; I heard it was a serious wound.
writing in fact as a wound or cut suturing the dismembered body, as
writing in fact as a wound or cut suturing the dismembered body, as
recreates brute facts annihilation, image wounded, physical mental 
recreates brute facts annihilation, image wounded, physical mental 
recreates brute facts annihilation, image wounded, physical mental 
the brute facts of annihilation, the image wounded, physical and mental 
the brute facts of annihilation, the image wounded, physical and mental 
the brute facts of annihilation, the image wounded, physical and mental 
pustule cicatrix fallen
pustule cicatrix fallen cicatrice. we are the lubricant at the edge of the 
until I'm falling apart, and the wounds begin all over again. I know if I
real, wars flamed across violated spaces, bodies buried without wounds,
pulverized object flies among them; skin originary wound;
pulverized object flies among them; skin originary wound;
Sightless, it flies blind, wounded against the limits of the body. It
Sightless, it flies blind, wounded against the limits of the body. It
wraithes. of flood air presence. of coagulation, erasure. the wound
wraithes. of flood air presence. of coagulation, erasure. the wound
wraithes. of flood air presence. of coagulation, erasure. the wound
wraithes. of flood air presence. of coagulation, erasure. the wound
scar. sense, for those wounds to heal or at least scar over from the 
i look for wounds and spread them.
night harrowed from animals wounded, animals dying; among all orders, a 
trailing down from mangrove, wounded halloween dragonfly carried to safe
to birth; from wound to heal; from anomaly to suture; from digital to 
to birth; from wound to heal; from anomaly to suture; from digital to 
to birth; from wound to heal; from anomaly to suture; from digital to 
to birth; from wound to heal; from anomaly to suture; from digital to 
to birth; from wound to heal; from anomaly to suture; from digital to 
wounded images from xxx mocap - upload one of the obdurate world 
nomy, clean game, with foreclosed though wounded bodies. Here one slid
hiatus, a gap or wound of the narcissistic resistant to every 
hiatus, a gap or wound of the narcissistic resistant to every 
sure, sure, gap, gap, wound, lightness lightness flying, flying, 
wound as gateway - or diacritical mark. Here is where the digital meets 
wound as gateway - or diacritical mark. Here is where the digital meets 
lines, turbine generators - but even wound coils and capacitors. In the
naked = girl ,=theB5= assassinate q=wounded=E1= ruined A= girl #
naked = girl ,=theB5= assassinate q=wounded=E1= ruined A= girl #
ghosts, they gnaw at emptiness, they are wounded, 
But the gondola, uncomfortable, silver - the sac like a wounded skin.
But the gondola, uncomfortable, silver - the sac like a wounded skin.
beyond the good wound in the moody wood
onward this great beast penurious, shim gentle wound, before or after,
I will grow something on this earth, this face, this wound.
but you had to sleep in them, eat and drink in them, you could be wounded 
but you had to sleep in them, eat and drink in them, you could be wounded 
_dramatic-script boy_ hands out the wounding of the thing.
_dramatic-script boy_ hands out the wounding of the thing.
_dramatic-script boy_ hands out the wounding of the thing.
_dramatic-script boy_ hands out the wounding of the thing.
two wounded have left terrorism's scene. O HAPPY
got world...every have without taken felt nought, wounded her"..."the - 
got world...every have without taken felt nought, wounded her"..."the - 
clitori in hazy blue and hillock green, this\ wounded heron, intensity, 
morrow will heal the wounds that wreck the modern men and women of today."
Crane. Sea-wounds healed. No hard drive could survive out there. The beach
death away, healing all wounds! I would spread my legs as far as pos-
death away, healing all wounds! I would spread my legs as far as pos-
death away, healing all wounds! I would spread my legs as far as pos-
the wound healing without a scar, psychic or otherwise. The inversion-
the wound healing without a scar, psychic or otherwise. The inversion-
sister naamah hear hearken speech slain wounding young hurt avenged truly
sister naamah hear hearken speech slain wounding young hurt avenged truly 
sister naamah hear hearken speech slain wounding young hurt avenged truly 
remember with her face, it was a serious wound. everything is torn 
uko wounds her, top to bottom. my land says Julu. Nikuko spreads her
talking about here of course. Pain/wounding/death relate to the project at 
wounded blue heron subtropical emanation
wounded blue heron subtropical emanation
wounded blue heron subtropical emanation
wounded blue heron subtropical emanation
wounded blue heron, intensity, colour vibration.  snow white coverage,
lies wounded, hidden, the wing of a butterfly, trilobite book-lung, leaf
and tied his waist band as one who ties a bandage on a wound, and robed
and tied his waist band as one who ties a bandage on a wound, and robed 
and tied his waist band as one who ties a bandage on a wound, and robed 
So woundeth hit thourghout my herte kene.
The open hole is the gaping wound, refusing the suture of the sub-
The open hole is the gaping wound, refusing the suture of the sub-
The open hole is the gaping wound, refusing the suture of the sub-
empathy and horror; I had created the insect, wounded and dysfunctional,
show wounded horrors war. dying soldiers. bodies parts speak we with
You see how it is, words, wires, wounds, wind. The wires wrap themselves 
 life understand how recreates brute facts annihilation image wounded 
the more i beseech you with my words, the more your silence wounds
i'm afraid; i can't say anything original; words wound the screen; my
i'm afraid; i can't say anything original; words wound the screen; my
i'm afraid; i can't say anything original; words wound the screen; my
wound, even if only in the form of a memory, and perhaps even its alleg-
wound, even if only in the form of a memory, and perhaps even its alleg-
                           words as if they were covering a wound, hoping
itself. As if we're continuously walking wounded. I'm tired of this; I 
> as if wounds were there for a _fundamental suturing_ -
collaboration wounded in east timor
collaboration wounded in east timor
collaboration wounded in east timor
collaboration wounded in east timor
swuche th/urles in him uorrte huden us inne: Fly into his wounds; creep
swuche th/urles in him uorrte huden us inne: Fly into his wounds; creep
texts muted in if not the wound and both are fictional momentary about net
i'd scar in oklahoma i'd wound in oklahoma
i'd scar in oklahoma i'd wound in oklahoma body mind mind scar (third 
To be in pain, slaughtered, wounded, is two-fold, interior, exterior. The
To be in pain, slaughtered, wounded, is two-fold, interior, exterior. The
To be in pain, slaughtered, wounded, is two-fold, interior, exterior. The 
To be in pain, slaughtered, wounded, is two-fold, interior, exterior. The 
wound sutured in silence or resulting in death. The digital is an appli- 
wound sutured in silence or resulting in death. The digital is an appli- 
wound sutured in silence or resulting in death. The digital is an appli- 
wound sutured in silence or resulting in death. The digital is an appli- 
nikuko wounded in the fray of earthmind
I'm interested in the sexual or the wounded or the pained body
cunt disappears in white-wound GODOD. all JIN should die all MEN dead.
performative cyborg inchoate emanants woundatar's Nikuko's Nothing's 
performative cyborg inchoate emanants woundatar's Nikuko's Nothing's 
wound or incision. To incise the _I_, to blind it.
emanants woundatar indexicality nub existents exoteric cum nubs 
emanants woundatar indexicality nub existents exoteric cum nubs 
existents nub indexicality woundatar emanants inchoate disinvested 
existents nub indexicality woundatar emanants inchoate disinvested 
slayer vanquished indistinct run ride dawns expensive dusks horses wound 
my own, inhabited), the wound and genitals are my own (inhabited), and so 
suicide death-wound, injury, pain
  or wound inscribed, 
wounded child inside me, clawing at my throat, my brain, my thighs:
deflection), offering instead the presumption of a wounding _which only
lives. inconceivable interior an open wound; do suture edge failure. 
lives. inconceivable interior an open wound; do suture edge failure. 
There are internal scars, and scars or wounds of the soul. But we speak
There are internal scars, and scars or wounds of the soul. But we speak
and there is a wound in the side and you know it's war
and there is a wound in the side and you know it's war
and there is a wound in the side and you know it's war
"The body is but a wound. None of our wounds, in a sense, is new, re-
 that writing is of the suppurated body; that skin is wound;
... womb is or the wounded body, the body catatonic, the body convulsed, 
wound! Julu is speaking! nothing's matter - when my brain is cut in two 
wound! Julu is speaking! nothing's matter - when my brain is cut in two 
wound! Julu is speaking! nothing's matter - when my brain is cut in two 
wound, which is the darkness undivided. So one should remain alive 
the wound is the real itself (and beyond this, metaphorically, the
the wound is the real itself (and beyond this, metaphorically, the
The land is wounded
the end is wounded, a wound. Nothing from the past needs to / can / heal; 
the end is wounded, a wound. Nothing from the past needs to / can / heal; 
work, instead, is wounded, refusing to heal, apparently establishing
galanguage itself is wounded, that every word links elsewhere, pulls
language itself is wounded, that every word links elsewhere, pulls hard
the avatar is wounded.
my think is your scar, your wound, your breasts call me to are gone
wound it is, the body surrounds it. If a planarian is cut into two, 
wound it is, the body surrounds it. If a planarian is cut into two, 
wound - it just takes one, it always have. And back then and now, among 
instrumental body; it tends towards a broken or wounded mastery. My hands 
  So woundeth it thourghout my herte kene.
spirit and it's not even wounded. It's for Maria Damon. It's for G. J. 
[12:13]  You: it's the rest, the body, the abject, the wounded, 
[12:13]  You: it's the rest, the body, the abject, the wounded, 
of "doing" it, recuperating it. It's always a wound, always open, and
beneath his jacket, he turns, the knife cuts the wound of death.
pump her, jennifer wears my jumper, i woke up swooned, my womb a wound,
asunder, wounded, just as the world falls apart, less old as the others. 
scars wounds keeping Pringy spirit broken mocap avatar-meats virtual/real,
we won't kill bush, we'll just wound him -
we won't kill bush, we'll just wound him -
we won't kill bush, we'll just wound him -
such a kind that in a moment it heals wounds and bruises to ease his 
white-wound GODOD. labia aa disappears in white-wound GODO
penetrated by language-substance which fills those deliberate wounds which
recently julu leaks ut there's that metaphor of the wounded and helpless
One always learns from error; it's only error that opens the wound 
One always learns from error; it's only error that opens the wound 
the north led to the dark foresttheir sockets, always that originary wound 
the north led to the dark foresttheir sockets, always that originary wound 
apart, opened like the living wound it is in a pan of water. Floating has
structured forever like the nighttime sky - my wounds! - he thought I was 
structured forever like the nighttime sky - my wounds! - he thought I was 
present (as lingis well; wound figuration imitated volume serial number 
_everywhere_ appear logged and wounded.
consciousness to lose at that point. They shove her at me, raw wound
of filigree lost in the wetness of cumbered wounded stars -
I do love your wounding Bodei-Bodee
saint thomas lowers his hand into the wound
Saint Thomas lowers his hand into the wound.
  maternal wound madman 
images working margins splayed wounded sense somethingthese voices 
me, hunting me down as an innocent and wounded animal.
out from me, as if the body were wounded, as if ectoplasm were ascii. The
the muscle memory is wounded in the clear light of kyber
wounded. Humans mewled in orgasm and death, she mused. I shredded first;
that you might die without pain and unwounded, or that
that you might die without pain and unwounded, or that
wounds of misrecognition which still tremble in alterity's face of
wounds of misrecognition which still tremble in alterity's face of
Foofwa with mocap wounded avatar
are wounds, more than ever.) (yes, that is not what i meant.)
mouths and mouths couple and link. murmuring "every name is a wound,"=====
every thing moves from wounded cylinders
surprise, Write murder some coughs up blood and dies, someone's wounded,
surprise, Write murder some coughs up blood and dies, someone's wounded,
nnankbeijingngmbhiroshima of murdrwanda nagasakie waste materwounded_kneel 
I lost my innocence, somewhere between wounds. I miss it; it was part of
killing off my videos. they're slewed together, collapsed/wounded from the
killing off my videos. they're slewed together, collapsed/wounded from the
count on my words! clear the buffer! open the doors of the wound! Julu is 
count on my words! clear the buffer! open the doors of the wound! Julu is 
count on my words! clear the buffer! open the doors of the wound! Julu is 
		 tell me my wounds are only temporary
and close my wounds. The result is a curiously disjunctive and
and close my wounds. The result is a curiously disjunctive and
propeller wounds. my writing unsolicited, goes unsolicitied. listen: i
have lost myself, I am suturing over the wound of ignorance and existence. 
have lost myself, I am suturing over the wound of ignorance and existence. 
write wounds naked doll write murder through my onto doll write murder
write wounds naked doll write murder through my onto doll write murder
write wounds naked doll write murder through my onto doll write murder
write wounds naked doll write murder through my onto doll write murder
q=B0T=wounded~=BD=E8=AEt.= totally naked girlq=woman DC=wounded~=BD=E8
boywoundedH=killed~=ecstatic=CC=hystericX=B1b= = naked totally girlnaked
, daishin nikuko, who are julu-jennifer - what wounding of
wounds repetition nine. Is Is Is function. repetition wounds 
nor blessings not counting absent wounds neither grain
woundatar Nikuko's nub existents exoteric cumbus nubs indexicality 
woundatar Nikuko's nub existents exoteric cumbus nubs indexicality 
existents cordons nub indexicality woundatar electricks inchoate 
existents cordons nub indexicality woundatar electricks inchoate 
empathy; & o wounds licked raw and clean for eternal healing; & o words,
the pulverized object flies among them; skin with originary wound;
the pulverized object flies among them; skin with originary wound;
resurrection, which occurs anyway. But the wound bares and bears on the 
scent, the odor and smell, wound, carapace, tissue, flesh, scar, pain; 
scent, the odor and smell, wound, carapace, tissue, flesh, scar, pain; 
scent, the odor and smell, wound, carapace, tissue, flesh, scar, pain; 
scent, the odor and smell, wound, carapace, tissue, flesh, scar, pain; 
scent, the odor and smell, wound, carapace, tissue, flesh, scar, pain; 
The eyes of Nikuko speak. Nikuko speaks: Berthe, we are wound and
The eyes of Nikuko speak. Nikuko speaks: Berthe, we are wound and
the pain of a wounded avatar is infinite. an avatar cannot speak.
ite wounding of bifurcations, bodies split, stretching the skin, I can't
the midst of golden orb and shield spiders. later, poison ivy wound its
   the rule of hungry ghosts, speed-speed wounded biomes
   the rule of hungry ghosts, speed-speed wounded biomes
   the rule of hungry ghosts, speed-speed wounded biomes
   the rule of hungry ghosts, speed-speed wounded biomes
   the rule of hungry ghosts, speed-speed wounded biomes
   the rule of hungry ghosts, speed-speed wounded biomes,
what images of pain, death, wounding, or sexuality are conjured up by 
thinking ideas of pain, wounding, sexuality, which were painted. These 
well, one of permanent wounding. 
well, one of permanent wounding. 
well, one of permanent wounding. 
gg:rock, split of skin, wound or hole or conveyance. Fissure is unrepres
rock, split of skin, wound or hole or conveyance. Fissure is unrepresen-
rock, split of skin, wound or hole or conveyance. Fissure is unrepresen-
rock, split of skin, wound or hole or conveyance. Fissure is unrepresen-
rock, split of skin, wound or hole or conveyance. Fissure is unrepresen-
flows water of such a kind that in a moment it heals wounds and bruises 
the opening of the (wound within the) INTERNET SOUL itself - so as for 
the opening of the (wound within the) INTERNET SOUL itself - so as for 
the pillar of the erection, the vaginal cave. What opens is only the wound 
"The residue of the fissure is the fissure." The wound has no bearing on 
_I write of the incision of the flesh, the words suturing the wound 
the singularity of the older wounds of
the singularity of the older wounds of
i dream of the wounding darkness:i dream of the 5400, one by one by one:
i dream of the wounding darkness:i dream of the 5400, one by one by one:
i dream of the wounding darkness:i dream of the 5400, one by one by one:
is one of wounding and suffering. if the middle direction is reception, 
is one of wounding and suffering. if the middle direction is reception, 
i tried; on and on spreading words and wounds.
pain, contusions on our skulls, cock lacerations, labial woundings churn
pain, contusions on our skulls, cock lacerations, labial woundings churn
wounds dripping on shorted keyboards as we rage in impotence against war-
man's mind on the infliction of his first wound, his first experience of 
dissembles what once was home. every death the politics imbibed, or wound 
it's an open wound, a space in consciousness, a flood, olden days in
                        the flame opens the wound which only a return can
The I-wound opens up, splits the body; what gushes forth, like humming,
The I-wound opens up, splits the body; what gushes forth, like suicide,
The I-wound opens up, splits the body; what gushes forth, like suicide,
of _pulsion_ or drive. In situations of hacking/wounding, there are often
 that wound or illness have no death (i.e. have nothing to do
 that wound or illness have no death (i.e. have nothing to do
poclypse "wounded" or indecisive content (fin lypse nce, punk, s punk, 
ing "wounded" or indecisive content (finance, punk, age, AIDS) - so
or ORGASM or laughter - not necessarily in that order - wounded. humans 
   wounded animals or say blinded or half-eaten crawling out of it
 the tortured or wounded body
 the tortured or wounded body
against the originary narcissistic wound or separation, and 
against the originary narcissistic wound or separation, and 
our gates; our destruction is our dwelling-space, our wounds, the latest
balm-salve for our wounds in solar universe
1-2 'fossil' outlines of wounded avatars on 3d printer plates 
someone's wounded over there, 
someone's wounded over there, 
someone's wounded over there, 
or wounded over...i've to antique the this break "it's - even nought, 
or wounded over...i've to antique the this break "it's - even nought, 
loving, cherished pages becomes debris asunder, wounded, falls apart, 
loving, cherished pages becomes debris asunder, wounded, falls apart, 
pression of pain and pain, between the living and fulfilling of a wound
anything but pain, anything but death, but wound - he wanted me to fuck 
anything but pain, anything but death, but wound - he wanted me to fuck 
genuinely in pain, wounded, sutured only by the presence of your silent
slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, interior, exterior. began 
slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, interior, exterior. began 
slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, interior, exterior. began 
wounds, diseases, pains - all irrupting within and through the body, and
to fire. pairs of nor of toor paid down wound; out is look guy and toor
to fire. pairs of nor of toor paid down wound; out is look guy and toor
tears the paper from the poster, leaving a wound. He wads his gum, sticks
in as part A voice; _constants,_ Honey end most. It's I in wounds the 
in as part A voice; _constants,_ Honey end most. It's I in wounds the 
they came past the caravans, carrying everyone who was dead and wounded. 
expulsions cyber peerings phantasm performativity woundatar indexicality 
expulsions cyber peerings phantasm performativity woundatar indexicality 
backwards, all permutations of the name, the gaze upon the wound read-
to write, placing myself on an edge that comes close to being a wound. 
of wounded planet, I have tasted hell. 
of wounded planet, I have tasted hell. 
ingly wounded planet; the superstructure is whatever the airwaves/fiber- 
ingly wounded planet; the superstructure is whatever the airwaves/fiber- 
ingly wounded planet; the superstructure is whatever the airwaves/fiber- 
ingly wounded planet; the superstructure is whatever the airwaves/fiber- 
Derrida and plasma and the paysage wounds of speech of
Derrida and plasma and the paysage wounds of speech of
have no possibility of doing it recuperating it it's always a wound
Monolithic culture prepared the battlefield inhabited only by the wounded.
Monolithic culture prepared the battlefield inhabited only by the wounded. 
introjections and projections of world, inscriptive cut is both wound and 
 armor worn protecting from wounds of desperation, clitoral kinships,
 armor worn protecting from wounds of desperation, clitoral kinships,
 armor worn protecting from wounds of desperation, clitoral kinships,
tiffanyarmor worn protecting wounds desperation  clitoral
projestto realizacica- pustule cicatrix fallen unlike most crickets, 
        = assassinate q=B0T=wounded~=BD=E8=AEt.= totally naked girl
        = assassinate q=B0T=wounded~=BD=E8=AEt.= totally naked girl
ulous, thinks. raw text. wounds her, top bottom. spreads wounds, bottom 
grown in recent weeks, and I begin to see the wound in the machine, the
could be recognized by his friends. Apply to the wound a healing 
place, in relation to human perception? Think of the alias as a wound - 
place, in relation to human perception? Think of the alias as a wound - 
the scissors remain open, the wound never heals
always after repetition Give wounds repetition function. Is Is Is 
always after repetition Give wounds repetition function. Is Is Is 
tremeble Eyebeam residency, 1. twice residents. wounding, worlds. 
tremeble Eyebeam residency, 1. twice residents. wounding, worlds. 
right coming right dead their wounded left invisible everywhere everywhere
heads governments right left arms for left coming Prepare wounded for
raped, the robbed, the wounded, the slaughtered, the megafaunal extinc- 
raped, the robbed, the wounded, the slaughtered, the megafaunal extinc- 
raped, the robbed, the wounded, the slaughtered, the megafaunal extinc- 
raped, the robbed, the wounded, the slaughtered, the megafaunal extinc- 
raped, the robbed, the wounded, the slaughtered, the megafaunal extinc- 
raped, the robbed, the wounded, the slaughtered, the megafaunal extinc- 
  grit, gravel, rough and wounded surface
mistaken. Code ruptures, loosens meaning; it might be language wounded, 
mistaken. Code ruptures, loosens meaning; it might be language wounded, 
mistaken. Code ruptures, loosens meaning; it might be language wounded, 
mistaken. Code ruptures, loosens meaning; it might be language wounded, 
sutures and ruptures, stitches and wounds.
sutures and ruptures, stitches and wounds.
sutures and ruptures, stitches and wounds.
sutures and ruptures, stitches and wounds.
wounded, my sad arms grapple uselessly
wounded, my sad arms grapple uselessly
[reminding one, said Alan, that wounded cats may purr as well, cats' bell
Daishin Nikuko says, no, I can't kill you. The Buddha says, I'm wounded,
Daishin Nikuko says, no, I can't kill you. The Buddha says, I'm wounded,
wounds and scabs your blind sutured eyes
wounds and scabs your blind sutured eyes
wounds and scabs your blind sutured eyes
scab. the scar will berthe, we are wound and cicatrice. we are the 
scab. the scar will berthe, we are wound and cicatrice. we are the 
cuts - scars - wounds - breakthrough - consonant inscription - 
garbage, wounds, scars, allergic reactions, insect bites, age, bad 
5. wounds, scars, lips, genitals, ears
5. wounds, scars, lips, genitals, ears
5. wounds, scars, lips, genitals, ears
5. wounds, scars, lips, genitals, ears
5. wounds, scars, lips, genitals, ears output into .obj files into
creases lie, scars, wounds, cuts, scabs, fissures, holes. I will turn my
it's dirt, scars, wounds, smears, smudges, scratches, abrasions, feces,
it's dirt, scars, wounds, smears, smudges, scratches, abrasions, feces,
it's dirt, scars, wounds, smears, smudges, scratches, abrasions, feces,
it's dirt, scars, wounds, smears, smudges, scratches, abrasions, feces,
whitened. :she screams in white-wound GODOD. labia in infra-red ululation.
wounded. The script is soaked in blood. The continuity girl climbs a
i can see the land swell swell around you like a wound
skin without seeing the wounds, you know what's beneath the surface. you
these are seminal images, working at the margins of splayed or wounded bodies. 
hit face serious wound flunked semester brown collapsing learned hold give 
right wrist, she wound the window shut and the room began to grow warmer
into soft shimmering avant Appalachia, squiggly slippery slide wound all
into a short video of wounding and sadness compressed like wap protocols,
Our wounds show and glisten like searchlights in dead space.
# the signs were brought on the backs of the wounded.
skin or skab or upwelling or cicatricks, it continues:
wound, split skin and organ, devour flesh and bone. Did I then spit flesh
wound, split skin and organ, devour flesh and bone. Did I then spit flesh
example. the skin dry, sloughed. stitched splits in the skin. wounds. 
example. the skin dry, sloughed. stitched splits in the skin. wounds. 
example. the skin dry, sloughed. stitched splits in the skin. wounds. 
melt julu's skin forever..., scar, wound, brand., @a[non] gift ...,
All these skinned wounds, all these Fisher Kings.
mous tangled skins sloughed, ripped or wounded. I will expose myself for
mous tangled skins sloughed, ripped or wounded. I will expose myself for
levers. The skull appears. Fury gapes through the open wound; everyone
levers. The skull appears. Fury gapes through the open wound; everyone
nothing,everything, slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, 
nothing,everything, slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, 
nothing,everything, slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, 
 everything, slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, interior, 
 everything, slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, interior, 
everything, slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, interior, 
everything, slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, interior, 
everything, slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, interior, 
everything, slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, interior, 
everything, slaughterhouse. sky pain, wounded, two-fold, interior, 
meaning, however slight, wound the text, make it a laughing-stock. In
The ridge slopes down where the wound wires wounded, the base of the 
swollen, hir smock and in their currency, my own, inhabited), the wound 
wounds, smears, smudges, scratches, abrasions, feces, there; without 
And that so early and lone among the furious travesties of a wounded 
And that so early and lone among the furious travesties of a wounded 
_I need someone to set the password to my wounded soul! 
_I need someone to set the password to my wounded soul! 
Maybe say something about sick bodies, stunted bodies, wounded bodies,
the wounded sound is sublime, reaching above itself, bringing you a
tracing the sound of the wound in complex realspace
inhabit wounded space circles sing song, said julu, index-finger nail 
With the spear I was wounded,   and offered I was
wounded by spear,   bespoken to Othin
wounds pringy spirit virtual/real, nude revenge woman lesbian sculpture (a 
you can't steer the way texts veer with their theory carried, wounded -
woundatar sputtering stentor yamantaka Cybermind decathexis artworks 
woundatar sputtering stentor yamantaka Cybermind decathexis artworks 
wounded; each step on the bruises bruised petals, petals of remonstrance 
be a story, it must inhabit a broken or wounded space, a space where
be a story, it must inhabit a broken or wounded space, a space where
wounds, barren stretches, animals starved to death -
wounds, barren stretches, animals starved to death -
wounds and striations transfigured by thin membranes of silver threads
neck; the strings are unwound wire, and in this case are tuned roughly as 
neck; the strings are unwound wire, and in this case are tuned roughly as 
ging, the substrate of the construct of _something._ As with a wounded li-
does not suffer, which no longer understands beyond the pain of the wound,
does not suffer, which no longer understands beyond the pain of the wound, 
does not suffer, which no longer understands beyond the pain of the wound, 
surface, letters suffocate, tear open the wound they themselves have
surface, letters suffocate, tear open the wound they themselves have
Nikuko: It's suffocating and wounds; we live within a semantic manifold as 
Nikuko: It's suffocating and wounds; we live within a semantic manifold as 
Nikuko: It's suffocating and wounds; we live within a semantic manifold as 
nagasakbeijinge abeirnankingtifchiapaswounded_kneel sun drifts   I crush 
or introjection suppurates and projection wounds.
or introjection suppurates and projection wounds.
or introjection suppurates and projection wounds.
connect with surgical thread suturing only a loose wound; everything -
connect with surgical thread suturing only a loose wound; everything -
wound to suture		pain--pleasure;		violation to meaning
the dream sutures and stitches the wounded.
the dream sutures and stitches the wounded.
wounding and suturing, there's no anchoring, tethering, for threading. 
woke up swoo ned, my womb a wound, teased and greet you, i'll have to beat 
writers bravely take their wounds but footnotes prevail
speaks: The talk of the wounded is the cry. The whisper is the murmur of
speaks: The talk of the wounded is the cry. The whisper is the murmur of
pearing. We're talking about an exhausting or wounding. Not everything
 a wound, teased and greet you, i'll have to beat you, good cheer! skin 
against the text of unix command-line performance of the wounded sailor
i p th a in c e t s he , m outh, cl i o t t ' ti s ng the wound t s of a l 
through body, th skins are words which break, wounded, tied 
through body, th skins are words which break, wounded, tied 
through body, th skins are words which break, wounded, tied 
ters faster than a typewriter, but why stop there? Don't die wounded a-
Nikuko: Cool, that names are found. From my wounds, threads. From the
Nikuko: Cool, that names are found. From my wounds, threads. From the
Wizard and the Devil and the corpse is released, wounded, and weakened,
touch on the Thing and the sutured wound; on the other, they reference
touch on the Thing and the sutured wound; on the other, they reference
himself on the World-Ash and wounding himself with his spear." Now for a 
Exhaustion eliminates the adverb like the open wound it is.
the wounded, the birth of indiscriminate slaughter. We were at our own 
the wounded, the birth of indiscriminate slaughter. We were at our own 
the wounded, the birth of indiscriminate slaughter. We were at our own 
the wounded, the birth of indiscriminate slaughter. We were at our own 
the wounded, the birth of indiscriminate slaughter. We were at our own 
presence of the body, wounded or aroused or dying for examples - the use 
_stick_), exposes the bones breaking through the flesh, the wounds which
_stick_), exposes the bones breaking through the flesh, the wounds which
bottom of the chasm, salt burns my wounds, soaks the oils from the skin, 
absenting of the dismembered/wounded body. (Note that "dismembered" 
absenting of the dismembered/wounded body. (Note that "dismembered" 
lubricant at the edge of cicatrice. we are the lubricant at the edge of 
have met the enemy, and he is wounded in the Bardo Thodol, for there have 
wounding is the erasure of the grounding of inscription.
ashes of the grave, the cries of the wounded, the anonymities of the 
ashes of the grave, the cries of the wounded, the anonymities of the 
You've reached the jetty. waves roll in, your wounds sting in the
say see the land swell around you like a wound
decided in the moment when the gaze of a fatally-wounded animal falls on a
It is the name that scars, that wounds, blinds.
wounded in the night.
wounded in the night.
content of the original. What could be clearer? If there is a wound,
content of the original. What could be clearer? If there is a wound,
old as the other residents. Working on ideas of pain, wounding, sexuality, 
wound around the pegs, which are on the uppermost neck piece; all three
We begin the piece. We will show horrors of war. We will show wounded and
As if the program refused to create the insect in its wounded state, at
mexican wounded the restaurant her by boyfriend. boyfriend.
no topology; the result is the crack / wound, everywhere and nowhere.
capital offers the scapegoat; the dead and wounded in Fallujah are 
capital offers the scapegoat; the dead and wounded in Fallujah are 
the scab. the scar will berthe, we are wound and cicatrice. we are the 
the scab. the scar will berthe, we are wound and cicatrice. we are the 
  wounded by the side of the road
Poetics is the silence of the wound, the scar.
generational orders, the surgical metaphor of the narcissistic wound
generational orders, the surgical metaphor of the narcissistic wound
structure - the suturing of the body, foreclosing of the wound
structure - the suturing of the body, foreclosing of the wound
it Philoctetes, the whole sorry history toppling forward like wounded
it Philoctetes, the whole sorry history toppling forward like wounded 
it Philoctetes, the whole sorry history toppling forward like wounded 
well and the whole world that engages around menstruation as sexual/wound/ 
bridge again, the wild skin the marginality, turn Is wounds 
bridge again, the wild skin the marginality, turn Is wounds 
Dear Alan, the world's wounds down.
thing in the world...every wounded insect...every wounded bird...trees
thing in the world...every wounded insect...every wounded bird...trees
basking in the wound beneath the surface. It's another "Julu-piece" at the
Gotta dress the wound gotta bandage the sky, honey, baby, lover, babe, 
Gotta dress the wound gotta bandage the sky, honey, baby, lover, babe, 
Gotta dress the wound gotta bandage the sky, honey, baby, lover, babe, 
Gotta dress the wound gotta bandage the sky, honey, baby, lover, babe, 
a wound; the wound heals, leaving a scar. _Scar_ is the closing of an
a wound; the wound heals, leaving a scar. _Scar_ is the closing of an
Remember that the wound is a certain cauterization of the body which
Remember that the wound is a certain cauterization of the body which
Part of the wound lies in VIRTUAL TUNNELLING through the firewall; the
Part of the wound lies in VIRTUAL TUNNELLING through the firewall; the
comfort, reading the wound, and the wound's abject.) What is closed  
comfort, reading the wound, and the wound's abject.) What is closed  
  the cut, the wound, the miracle of flesh   bound by forgotten space   which
against war, the wounded images from chicago mocap - upload one of the 
cry of the wounded or orgasm or laughter - not necessarily in that order -
limits of the wounded or suffering body; I can negotiate the movement of 
right right their arms left left Cut Prepare for coming dead for wounded
Give them their tired wounds yearning for repetition saving nine.
them, circumscribing them, keeping them beyond the pale. they wound the 
that inflict them. But from now on, the wound is just a sign of itself,
that inflict them. But from now on, the wound is just a sign of itself,
unemployment! Alas, then, to work the wounded! I have my three little
wounds of theory never heal
[5mane - there are shots in the real world, there are people wounded,
the elbow. these are wounded figures, internally bandaged.
the elbow. these are wounded figures, internally bandaged.
of other things too scattered, too wounded to stand
print "I think $name $pid is your expensive scar, your expensive wound", 
I've been thinking yet again over what I consider my wounded
(wounded, tired, thirsty, healthy, satiated, drunk, etc.) body not found
images, including this one of a wounded soldier from WWI. I wanted people 
never written, this too a cauterization of a wound refusing to heal.
never written, this too a cauterization of a wound refusing to heal.
never written, this too a cauterization of a wound refusing to heal.
  but like this, the words keep on flowing from the wounds
torture, and those images of battered and wounded animals gracing PETA and 
sense, for those wounds to heal or at least scar over from the nightmare
And even though the real physical world isn't written, it's full of  writing and our bodies themselves are always already written, inscribed -  full of tattoos, scars, burns, abrasions, wrinkles, salves, perfumes,  calluses, and so forth. I think it's from these things, particularly from  scars, wounds, abrasions, scrapes, etc., that language descends - that  language is first and foremost a reading of the history of the body, that  the body, the physical body, carries its own primordial memory upon it. That's important, since it's this memory, these scarrings that bind us to the earth, to the world, the analogic. The digital is constructed from that with a bit of a help from the corporate, from political economy - the digital rides and infuses political economy in fact. So there are digital standards for sampling, for encoding and decoding and checksums and so forth, and these guarantee that a parsing of the world in one part of it can be a parsing of the world in another. Think of the digital as an  extrusion, and think, even, of writing as always digital or at least  always discrete, one symbol differentiated from another, from the other,  as all of them together generate meaning within organism and consciousness, generate culture.
space, recuperating thought itself within the torment of the wounded or
space, recuperating thought itself within the torment of the wounded or
Alan murmurs through his wounded foot an odyssey this is not me
:resistance is thrust with stroke keys. boy wounded in flanders holding
wound itself tight 
wound itself tight 
bracketing of time opens the throat to fresh wounds and woundings. What
wounds Cybermind, time, state; battle leads a fluids of condi- may 
in real time; and 2. the use of photographic textures, of the wounded 
$t = time;::#!/usr/local/bin/perl5 -w:scrapes cuts wounds tears splits
casualty brain. tip flame, chasm, burns wounds, soaks oils pen, makes
tingle tangle, tip, transfix, transpierce, trepan, watermark, whip, wound, 
tingle tangle, tip, transfix, transpierce, trepan, watermark, whip, wound, 
tingle tangle, tip, transfix, transpierce, trepan, watermark, whip, wound, 
which leads to a _rubbing of Jennifer in the wound_ that occasions her
give herself to herself. She did wound herself from the convenient tree.
give herself to herself. She did wound herself from the convenient tree.
             snt him to land of big wounded animls dying
("the ability to see the cut, the incision, the wound" implying a pre-
("the ability to see the cut, the incision, the wound" implying a pre-
isn't easy to speak of wounds which have been deeply buried. Please be
wounds, bottom to top. gracious sakes says Julu. Nikuko licks. lands alive
everything is torn asunder, wounded, just as the world falls apart, less 
everything is torn asunder, wounded, just as the world falls apart, less 
shekinah bible tracts words on fire black and white air and wounded men
instrumental secrecies transformed into wounds, scars, lips, genitals, 
rior god translated into wounded lance. (elsewhere, the lance guards the
rior god translated into wounded lance. (elsewhere, the lance guards the
inconceivable heroic travel birth wound heal suture mythology arousal 
names i tried,, spreading words & wounds, numberless states, places,
names i tried,, spreading words & wounds, numberless states, places,
wounded, the two of i collapse together, as one, you're both safe for the
there are two surrounds, two responses. The wound, in spite of birth, is
there are two surrounds, two responses. The wound, in spite of birth, is
repetitions: our two wounded have left terrorism's scene. O unhappy day,
repetitions: our two wounded have left terrorism's scene. O unhappy day,
repetitions: our two wounded have left terrorism's scene. O unhappy day,
tionalized, wounded, uko replied," wire, breaking (paragraphs) notes, care 
unperceived wounded universe universe community community background 
I am up to my waist in myself, hiding the wounds of organs cut off 
I-wound opens up, splits the body; what gushes forth, like .s, The There 
I-wound opens up, splits the body; what gushes forth, like .s, The There 
wounded, opened up. _The body is violated by speech,_ and I contend that
lightning haunts us, wounded by the avant-garde.
inflicted wounds, usually in the arm or leg, often near the symbolic
inflicted wounds, usually in the arm or leg, often near the symbolic
and inscriptions, violations cross from sutures to wounds, feces speak
ible code, visible effects - the bone shows through, the wound widens.
ible code, visible effects - the bone shows through, the wound widens.
ible code, visible effects - the bone shows through, the wound widens.
wad wake wale weltwheal whelk whitlow wire wound wrapper yoking
We against war, the wounded images from chicago mocap - upload one 
that. It was based on how to deal with, how to present, pain, wounding, 
pollute the water), power-boats (which have wounded every single manatee 
pollute the water), power-boats (which have wounded every single manatee 
and postmodernisms, we are far from the lessons of the wound.) (yes, there
mass? cicatrice. we are the lubricant at the edge of the scab. the scar 
energy. today we talk about crash, not about the wounding. or rather, the
wounded, bleeding, we're together now, forever, together at last... We're
wounded plane were already an absorption, but in reality the plane and
limits of what I'm working through, wounding through pain, through 
fetishized by what? scent, the odor and smell, wound, tissue, flesh, scar, 
fetishized by what? scent, the odor and smell, wound, tissue, flesh, scar, 
fetishized by what? scent, the odor and smell, wound, tissue, flesh, scar, 
We watched while wounds wrought weakened warriors
disappears in white-wound GODOD. all JIN should die all MEN dead. let's
screams in white-wound GODOD. labia in infra-red ululation. cunt
thrust forward with the stroke of keys. the boy is wounded in flanders 
the wound within the narcissistic is again sutured; the subject is
the wound within the narcissistic is again sutured; the subject is
the invisible witness, to the dead witness, to the wounded 
unemployment! work work have wounded! three three then, little to points.
of his work, that he's giving you a gift, no matter how wounded or tawdry 
bless the world cure the sick heal the wounded raise the dead $$
bless the world cure the sick heal the wounded raise the dead $$
working works world worldings worlds worn would wounds wrath write writing 
are losing, worlds - too many wounded - the battle can't go on much longer
are losing, worlds - too many wounded - the battle can't go on much longer
On _that,_ worlds run and worlds collapse. The wound remains.
On _that,_ worlds run and worlds collapse. The wound remains.
wounded, life would be constant fury. We had set the script of revenge 
wounded, life would be constant fury. We had set the script of revenge 
wounded, life would be constant fury. We had set the script of revenge 
wounded, life would be constant fury. We had set the script of revenge 
spil- comprehension wouldn't wounds outside same all... collateral.::you 
this gaping wound around the head of the of the wound in complex realspace
slowly understand. wound breaks skin, routine. 'i'm coming for sister,' a 
slowly understand. wound breaks skin, routine. 'i'm coming for sister,' a 
slowly understand. wound breaks skin, routine. 'i'm coming for sister,' a 
MECHANICAL LIFE wound down to the bottom of the sea!!!!!!
disturbance, birth; wound heal; anomaly suture; completeness ontology
from the wound in the side and you know it's war
from the wound in the side and you know it's war
from the wound in the side and you know it's war
           "Ah, the wound is deeper than we tend to believe,
it has wound itself tight it has spiraled into control
it has wound itself tight it has spiraled into control
you do wound me cut shivered into shoulder
the final wound not healing, final hard drive crash, sliver of light
moment, the wound or dismemberment sloughed in the crystal of the screen.
played poisonousburning wound poles below possibility world power power 
External operators wound the multiplex, open incisions, insert additional
end: the wound which refuses to heal, spreading until the body is 
nothing but wound wire self-inducting, mutually inducting,
erasure. the wound writing. naked doll :of time i will not erase. i will
erasure. the wound writing. naked doll :of time i will not erase. i will
erasure. the wound writing. naked doll :of time i will not erase. i will 
ful, the wound's sutured, and so forth and so on.
whirl, wasting, wound,
not the wound, and both are fictional, momentary lapses into the real.
forever... scar, wound, brand. @a[$non] gift darling wore her @a[$gen3]
like a wound, cut through the thin skin of my chest, I become your Scroll
work a wound, every exhibition part and parcel of hospitalization.)
suture to wound;                        	meaning to violation;
incision, the wound; it passes lightly over the page, not seeing, not
incision, the wound; it passes lightly over the page, not seeing, not
nub indexicality woundatar emanants inchoate disinvested performativity 
nub indexicality woundatar emanants inchoate disinvested performativity 
inchoate electricks woundatar indexicality nub cordons existents exoteric 
inchoate electricks woundatar indexicality nub cordons existents exoteric 
inchoate emanants woundatar's Nikuko's Nothing's existents exoteric cumbus 
inchoate emanants woundatar's Nikuko's Nothing's existents exoteric cumbus 
Nothing's Nikuko's woundatar's emanants inchoate cyborg performative 
Nothing's Nikuko's woundatar's emanants inchoate cyborg performative 
    93	Psych, woundatar, pain
    93	Psych, woundatar, pain
My hertes wounde, while that hit is grene,
uncontrollably; (virtually) wounded (temporarily) s/he struggles
dead or wounded American soldiers are never presented, are always beyond 
from the wounded Merlin: "The fox of Kaerdubalem shall take revenge on 
iphery of wounded Vision. Screen offers no escape; Screen offers Surgery
has been wounded and dances the interior of the wound. I say interior, 
has been wounded and dances the interior of the wound. I say interior, 
howling of wounded and dying wolves
direction of wounded and suffering. now you will do this for a long time,
or the wounded body, the body catatonic, the body convulsed, tortured, 
nightmare of wounded cities. We will show bombed-out hospitals and
moves from wounded cylinders
But I've wounded myself, I've lost my way, in the woods where the runes
You are wounded now with sperm, with vomit! With oceans of violence and
blessed or wounded our wounded sailor, or the wires short out, 
avatar / wounded space real closed others agree witness horror
infiltration of wounded species./*
infiltration of wounded species./*
infiltration of wounded species./*
infiltration of wounded species./*
infiltration of wounded species./*
lost, churned, wounded, hurried, hung
least _that_ wounded, incapable of surviving, even alone with an
raped, robbed, wounded, slaughtered, megafaunal extinc- saying rock 
raped, robbed, wounded, slaughtered, megafaunal extinc- saying rock 
coughs someone's wounded, tear texts, jako testimonial posts forums home 
sky pain, wounded, two-fold, interior, exterior. began
                          says Julu, wounded, waiting, 
or be wounded. There is always the wound to consider, but it arrives unan-
- The wounded/altered body in real and virtual worlds.
Ready for wounding
unclearness of wounding
unclearness of wounding
and the wounding of inscription:
of pain, wounding, sex, sex as an abso
some.old bruising.old wounding.old bleeding.old some.old mewling.old
lacerations, labial woundings ...
the body, wounds and sutures opening and closing on pale impaled levels
for the wounds become writing, fertile lesions whose
for the wounds become writing, fertile lesions whose
muck. consideration: wounds close, bruises heal, diseases disperse; there 
time transforms wounds into scars and nothing more, and since the final 
body of wounds keeping up < digital
body of wounds keeping up < digital
against the wounds of facial flesh or might be invisible
scrapes cuts wounds tears splits breaks diarrheas
bing of wounds that will not heal, stitches that fall out before their
closeup of wounds, and blood, and exposed genitals, turning, and above 
you can write violence's wounds. you can write kill war. you can write
you can write violence's wounds. you can write kill war. you can write
you can write violence's wounds. you can write kill war. you can write
decathexis Cybermind yamantaka stentor sputtering woundatar cums 
decathexis Cybermind yamantaka stentor sputtering woundatar cums 
sutured over yet another wound or byproduct of human organization.
war's wounds. you can write peace's pain. you can write peace's wounds.
war's wounds. you can write peace's pain. you can write peace's wounds.
war's wounds. you can write peace's pain. you can write peace's wounds.
sink below, you will be among the direction of wounded and suffering. now 
sink below, you will be among the direction of wounded and suffering. now 
sink below, you will be among the direction of wounded and suffering. now 
think is your scar, your wound, your body parts, mine, in a dark list,
$pid is your scar, your wound, your brand.", "\n\n" if 3==$g;:print "...
$pid is your scar, your wound, your brand.", "\n\n" if 3==$g;:print "...
drug. of your thing-world.  15476 is your scar, your wound, your brand.
drug. of your thing-world.  15476 is your scar, your wound, your brand.
drug. of your thing-world.  15476 is your scar, your wound, your brand.


(Announce of the above, below:



Paris Text

Sick of Tricks and Repetition

for ELO performance at least in situ potential

http://www.alansondheim.org/paris.txt

the wound is always repetition, the cicatrix
always dysfunctional, insufficient 

)


