
quickie glimpses of things

http://www.alansondheim.org/quickie.mp4

my words stumble over everything but these are quick takes
from my directory displayed almost randomly and described;
almost all of these are from virtual worlds and/or altered
motion-capture equipment; i like the speed and craziness 
of the presentation as well as the fact that whole worlds
rapidly appear and disappear. so it goes.


ascent 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ascent.mp3

ascent by electric saz, always on the upswing, uptake,
upkeep, crashed scales, distortions, recorded with
sony tc152sd cassette recorder and realistic electric
microphone translated into digital mp3 with zoom h2
and cool edit pro, no filtering. it is unaccompanied
speed-built modules circulating and breaking the rise
which continues as if the length of a single and
unnerving breath.



"it doesn't matter to me how language is: language is a 
desecration

language is a substance that is none wont and therefore 
is mined and scraped for unborn strata, fetal 
demarcations meandering into the semblance of organic
and potentially meaningful communication

"can there be communication that is not meaningful"

"it doesn't matter to me how that might be; language 
scrapes language by the intervention of the parasite"

i am such that the parasite has falln, nib in hand, in
a mode of speaking tearing at the fabric of letters and
words, and thenon up and down

"by which one might include fonts"

as you wish, were that a sentencing of writing here 
and there, by mechanical or means otherwise

"it doesn't matter to me but nothing should ever be
condemned, by church or temple, higher or lower"

or perhaps everything should be

"it's all the same to me, it doesn't matter"





Moving to a New Home in Odyssey


http://www.alansondheim.org/NewProvidence.mp4

I went to where I was with my old Home and found myself
in so strange and foreign a Place ruled by Church and
Magistrate that I must take myself after Banishment to
so New Lodging as will bring me and my Communality 
to a Ready Edition of Freedom, which in my Good Fortune
I will call New Providence, a place of Beauty and fair
visage of Landscape and no Village as of yet.




Cliffhorns

http://www.alansondheim.org/cliffhorns.mp4

This video gives, I think, the clearest image of the
virtual my virtual world work inhabits. Please watch;
it's short, and I don't think any more description is
necessary. Thanks, Alan




when they came calling and the traces they left behind

http://www.alansondheim.org/ooma1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/ooma2.mp3

ooma1 they came calling
ooma2 the traces they left behind




For Alain Resnais

Providence is a French/Swiss 1977 film directed by Alain Resnais 
and starring Dirk Bogarde, David Warner, Ellen Burstyn, Elaine 
Stritch, and John Gielgud. The film won the 1978 Csar Award for 
Best Film. Contents [hide]

1 Plot summary
1.1 Unusual elements in the film
2 Reception and influence
3 Cast
4 Awards and nominations
5 References
6 External links
Plot summary[edit]

Over a drunken, tormented night, dying writer Clive Langham 
(Gielgud) struggles with the plot of a novel. The characters are 
based on Langham's own family, who are depicted as spiteful, 
treacherous and decadent. Langham makes these people interact in 
a variety of settings courtrooms, mortuaries, werewolf-haunted 
forests. Although it is obvious that the writer's perceptions 
are distorted by bitterness and guilt, the extent of this is not 
made clear until the end, when the "real" family members come to 
Langham's house to celebrate his birthday.

Unusual elements in the film[edit]

The film contains a unique variety of visual techniques which 
illustrate Langhams internal editing of his material. We watch 
one scene evolve, and after several minutes, Langham decides 
that the dialogue is all wrong. The scene is performed again 
with different dialogue accompanying the basic actions of the 
scene. The most unusual example of internal editing is a scene 
between Dirk Bogarde and Elaine Stritch. Stritch enters the 
frame on the left side through a door. The camera then follows 
the characters in one continuous shot as they walk to the other 
side of the room, as their conversation progresses. In the end, 
Stritch returns to the side of the room where the door was. Now 
the door is gone, and she must descend a flight of stairs for 
her exit from the scene. (Wikipedia)

http://www.alansondheim.org/Resnais1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Resnais2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Resnais3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Resnais4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Resnais5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Resnais6.jpg

I remember Providence and whereof the filming as in IMDB:

Showing all 6 filming locations
Nyack, New York, USA
1 of 1 found this interesting
New York State Capital - Washington Avenue and State Street, 
Albany, New York, USA
Is this interesting?
Berchem, Antwerp, Flanders, Belgium
(Transvaalstraat and a 2nd location in the Zurenborg area around 
the Cogels-Osylei)
Is this interesting?
Brussels, Brussels-Capital, Belgium
Is this interesting?
Limoges, Haute-Vienne, France
Is this interesting?
Providence, Rhode Island, USA
Is this interesting?





in the cold rain 
in the cold rain
in the rain
my greatgrandfather menachem who knew no byron

in the cold rain
in the cold rain
in the cold 
my grandfather morris i swear i heard his death

in the cold rain
in the cold rain
in the cold 
my daughter i do not have a daughter
her son i do not have a son

in the cold rain
in the cold rain
in the cold
who did not know byron who did not hear his death





Prelude

http://www.alansondheim.org/prelude.mp3

this is a prelude to a song 
or it is an accompaniment to a song
or a prelude to an unwritten song
or an accompaniment to an unwritten song
or a prelude to an unfinished song
or an accompaniment to an unfinished song
or a maquette or a structure for a song
or a tune or a background for a song
or a foreground for which a song is a background
or a duet with a song that is yet unwritten
or a duet with a song that is unfinished
or a prelude to an accompaniment for a song
this is almost an unfinished song
and almost a prelude to a song
or rather it is a prelude without a song
or rather it is an accompaniment without a song
this is an orphan prelude and a song
or this is a prelude and an orphan song
or this is a prelude and an orphan
and this is none and none of the above
or more of the below, yes, i believe, this
 is more of the below






Vietnam

http://alansondheim.org/vietnam.mp3

+++




Crashland Hiroshima

You've seen nothing in Hiroshima. Nothing. I've everything. 
Everything The hospital I 'm sure. Hiroshima exists. How could 
have avoided him? Have not the Four times at museum - What 
Hiroshima? People walking through people strolling thoughtfully, 
photographs reconstructions failing something else - photos, 
reconstructions - for lack of anything - explanations otherwise. 
Look! people, even I, thoughtful iron burnt broken iron, 
vulnerable like meat capsules, bouquets. Who would think? Human 
skins floating survivors, still freshness suffering. Stones 
stones, stones burst anonymous scalps women collected whole 
morning had heat Plaza de la Paz. Ten thousand degrees know. 
Temperature sun on do ignore it? Grass ... It's simple been made 
with utmost seriousness. Films illusion is just so perfect 
tourists cry. One can always outwit. But what a tourist if 
mourn? Lamented fate Always No. Why you cry? I've news. The 
second day, story goes, did make me rom day accurate animal 
species emerged from depths earth and ashes - dogs are 
photographed forever. Them first third You fifteenth too. was 
covered flowers. Everywhere, cornflowers gladioli vines glories 
that were reborn extraordinary vigor hitherto absent invented 
everything. Nada As love this exists, never to forget forget. 
love. also survivors they womb women. patience innocence 
apparent sweetness provisional which settled such an unjust 
imagination usually fertile closed. Listen know He continued. 
Women risk having malformed children. continuously. Men being 
infertile. rain scary. Showers over Pacific. Pacific waters 
kill. Dead Han fishermen Food food entire town thrown buried 
cities fury city. Against whom anger against inequality imposed 
by some other peoples breeds races classes classes. Like you, 
oblivion. am endowed memory. tried fight all my strength 
forgetting forgotten. wanted inconsolable memory shadows stones. 
struggled myself, horror no longer understanding need remember 
deny obvious necessity remembering Know yet. It will start 
again. Two hundred dead Eighty wounded seconds. Are official 
figures. Will return There be ten earth. suns, say Asphalt burn. 
A profound disorder reign An city destroyed become ashes. New 
vegetations arising sand. students expect legendary fraternal 
death together. three branches Ota River estuary delta emptied 
filled usual time very precisely abundant fresh water fish gray 
or blue depending seasons. look muddy banks slow rising tide 
seven river. you. you? Kill give pleasure. ??for your body mine 
Which event : Do suddenly beg Dev?rame Def?rmame ugliness. 
tonight others confuse beautiful skin To yes. fully Japanese? Or 
completely For I'm Japanese. green eyes. Right? think Yes .. 
You're together Is because So OnIy Maybe exactly that. dislike 
four who Everyday passes four. And coughs clear true fool My 
family itself war. kind well. Lucky movie movie? act movie. 
before Hiroshima, where In Paris. Paris Before Nevers Ni?vre Io 
see interested idea about example dint looking good learned 
Coffee? dream Why? Looked hands. They move when sleep perhaps 
unknowingly 're pretty woman know? believe little tired right? 
ugly. care? checked yesterday bar. Your way Y. So? how bored 
Tell again men makes want meet woman. speak French well glad 
finally realize noticed Did ever We things same direction That's 
all. Knowing every day. France? end war mean Stupor audacity 
confidence. Also beginning unknown fear indifference Fear Where 
Had left Was On street. nice word different others. met many 
Japanese Yes, as life? Hi -ro- shi- ma world happy. cheerful 
world. summer hear, Weather old Twenty years Same go Well, 
Architecture politics That why French? read Revolution. acting 
film peace. it but At tomorrow I'll France. tell let up room 
yesterday? Because Iast Not thought When talk wonder lie truth. 
Lie truth reason Dime happen often stories often. sometimes 
dubious morals that? Doubting morality Although plane leaves 
tomorrow. Even questionable morality. Cause no. already about? 
more Never youngest life. Young once crazy world, thing night 's 
World least madness intelligence explain intelligence. Ilena 
then understand. stop leave understand Were bad folly evil race 
evil. hear must get back over. During war? Just after one 
difficulties life spent madness? Little little, went kids What? 
slowly he passed few days somewhere Me Back today it. short 
seeing anyone Good am. May another Within hours Eras easy find 
International About Peace. finished yes, Now crowd scenes 
adverts soap means eventually maybe. Here, does laugh tired? 
Tomorrow mandatory delayed wait month really Ios loves dating 
Too strong. Say stormy nightfall. hate game Morning. coming 
Answer scared. Sit alone wife she? Unzen, Mt. she these How's 
wife? Bella. man happy his wife. her husband Would too work 
evening lot. Especially afternoon. stupid lose afternoon? cares? 
loved during French. First we saw farms. Later ruins rooms. 
everywhere Then died Ei eighteen twenty IE than only begin among 
millions choose else? chance. has there seem understood you're 
young yet almost Of losing danger ever. there, should here. onIy 
killing separates us Sixteen tickets huge afraid cold cellar 
loved? basements always. extending along Loire River. imagine 
inhabitants. Erected capital. child turn around. born grew Y 
river without any navigation empty their irregular course 
sandbars. reputed beautiful, especially its light soft knew 
basement endure pain. small. Very La Marseillaise sounds head 
deafening. Hands useless basements. scratch skinned walls bleed. 
stay remember. liked blood since tasted yours. company runs 
head. Instead heaven, obviously walking, society. Fast week. 
Sunday slowly. basement. pretend away father prefers disgraced 
preferred. scream no, cry call gently dead. anyway. scream. 
Shouting loud, deaf put punish me. yell German name Only name. 
memory, promise shout Yme room. stand desire Everywhere Failure 
twenty, mother comes tells Ilora spit face mother? Bebe. 
anything. ancient cellars humid said Full salt Sometimes cat 
enters looks bad. much Eternity ,Was ! ??me down garden. Every 
carefully. Still dare approach watch square immense. bends 
middle. dawn rains Loca. hair grows back. With hands notice care 
Still, basement? feel Young. carefully shaved Believe duty shave 
ashamed busy suffer. ends. sound scissors Relieves pain die. 
Como Look, better nails ,What heart Sing throughout enemy 
Someone says walk around pharmacy closed dishonor Some come home 
love, eternity salts long told six pm, Cathedral St. Etienne 
year hearing before, while each our happiness. ink follows 
shadow reaches slower corners less rapid half. winter horrible. 
less. Takes glass Make drink. starting tremble More spring him 
arrived dock quite fired close next night. truck. released. 
Bells church rang Sounded cooling below ,How soon die! When? Don 
't lying Yeah actually happened slightest difference between 
Between similarities Strident understand? cried warm came Am 
becoming sane "It's getting sensible ." party out bank Al alba 
across bridge By far nothing. Give money bike summer. Makes 
newspapers. reached decent measure. going street people. 
Fourteen passed. little. Tonight? Tonight Welcome. thousands 
miles knows story? Shut up. someone sometimes. keep talking 
Speaks forgotten force habit occur oblivion itself. stops. 
Cities awake Avoid thinking unbearable Away likely die Probably 
except, ::: believes namely She youth 'll Bavaria married 
Bavaria. Let those cheated see, explicable. meeting flavor 
impossible Since Mira Look gonna here Here Stay Course staying 
Contigo unhappy expected Go Can Come catch shoulders -sa- fas 
kiss lost. This hungry Hunger infidelity, adultery lies, 
Forever. Suspected show waited impatience unlimited quiet image 
::, desire. We'll end. No anyone. Finally Mourn late awareness 
goodwill. do, Time pass unite gradually erased disappear 
altogether. separate. Eight Three live morirlo out. available. 
Nor preferred I'd tonight. burned months fire While burns Lovely 
poplars Ni?vre, surrender History Nickel, release eyes, dies.


(thanks to Lanny Quarles who did the initial preparation)



Birds and Mood, Birds and Saz


From an Estonian bird webcam, participants were green finches,
tree sparrows, and grey tits. The weather in Providence, 
another dark and rainy day. Last night there were bar fights
that spilled onto the streets, the left front door of our 
building was smashed and we heard screams but couldn't see
anything. Today I went to the barber's around the corner; he
had a hunting show on the television and the haircut was
punctuated by laughter over the birds and animals killed. The
one magazine available was Playboy. This isn't your Roger
Williams' Providence, this is the retribution of Winthrop,
Cotton, and company. So I recorded the birds, which were
beautiful and arguing over food, and made two pieces. Celan
would have approved, Jabes would have wondered where the book
was, and Blanchot would have called everything I do a 
disaster.

http://www.alansondheim.org/birdsandmood.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/birdsandsaz.mp3

Weep, stranger, nothings stranger.




Gale

http://www.alansondheim.org/gale.mp3

our place has large windows that face south and west.
we had torrential rains with gale force winds. the 
sound is amazing -

"Spring lifted tresses, faced gale with cloud,
 Spring lifted tresses, faced gale with cloud,
 Spring lifted tresses, faced gale with cloud,
 And sound murk'd blessings, thund'rous aloud."

(I'm assuming spring came extraordinary this year.)




Inside the Song

http://www.alansondheim.org/insidethesong.mp4

inside the song and inside the singing of the song, the song, 
it was the game-space, the game-space was singing the song, 

and do listen to the singing of the world, say Jennifer and 
Julu, there is the singing of the woman and the world history, 
no moments, it is the singing of the world that the game-space 
was singing



Internet Events (finding my way, 1994))

1 John Frost's suggestion that I join Future Culture. 
2 The psychiatric confessions on Future Culture coupled with 
someone's suicide hoax - Michael Current's response - the 
complaint to the sysadmin.
3 Flirtation with J. - no fruition - "freaking out." Our 
interruption of the POMO-L list.
4 CK's archiving of my work.
5 Problems with the Arts list and SB - writing off-list, 
becoming unsubbed - W's complaining, the list shutting down.
6 Posting the "religious" text to Futurec, response based on 
religious mania.
7 Michael Current and I deciding to start Cybermind.
8 Kent Palmer's objection to Deleuze posts by Davis and Nick Land.
9 Kent Palmer's closing down the lists - M and Michael beginning 
new account on World.
10 Kent Palmer's shakiness with the current lists - temporarily 
closing down, imitating the Spoon Collective.
11 Formation and resolution of the Spoon Collective.
12 Flirt with MH - until the packaging was sent.
13 Flirt with E - fading out, friendship ending when she unsubs 
participant because of his post of a cult advertisement.
[...]
15 FS hack, its ins and outs, unsubbing FS several times, 
contact with NISC.tw. Discussion with Michael Current about the 
validity of unsubbing.
16 Current and I posting the no slur requirement on Cybermind 
and its fallout.
17 Current flirt with LF segueing into disbelief, pornography, 
and a future?
18 Michael Current's death.
19 F's co-moderation and its cancellation.
20 M's eating disorders and related posts.
21 TK's hoax death.
22 Hacking: My being unsubbed from Cybermind and fop, FS's posts 
under other names, F's resentments. Arguments on Spoon about 
hidden control characters, FS's posts cancelling archived files.
23 My posts on alt.destroy.the.internet, tropical bionet, 
reposts from Usenet to lists.
24 Spoon collective debate about depth vs. lateriality on lists.
25 P and LT dominating Future Culture at various times - 
problems with libertarian/right-wing attitudes. The gun-control 
debate. Incoherencies. Doctress Neutopia's posts.
26 Flamewar with Mindvox - Fringeware list siding with B. 
27 Continuous New School server problems including bounced 
messages.
28 Five unsubbings in a row without comment from the Derrida 
list.
29 The Spoon lists going to closed moderation.
30 Hacking with an Australian message on the Derrida list.
31 My work available on M's WWW site.
[...]
33 Problems with Panix and the SLIP account - no support.
34 RC's and others' Internet affairs.
35 Sudden moments of personal confession via private email - of 
loneli- ness, sadness, loss. Answering condolence posts and 
telephone calls in relation to Michael's death. Absence of 
photographs of Michael.
36 Ntalk with Michael; Panix goes down, I dial in, end up on Jay 
Allen's account, in an Ayn Rand IRC talking about screwdrivers. 
I quit IRC, go to Allen's ntalk, log in with Michael - who had 
fingered me, found no such user.
37 Back and forth with MW on one 486/66, Mosaic with his picture 
on the other.

 Volume in drive A has no label
 Directory of A:\

EVENT    TXT         3,412  09-03-94  4:16a EVENT.TXT
         1 file(s)          3,412 bytes
         0 dir(s)          52,224 bytes free




Text from Cybermind Conference - Log - 1996, Perth, Australia

[please note, names of participants were switched all the way
through; there were spoofs and spoofs of spoofs, and it's
unclear throughout who is saying what.]

Martin says, "we're close to beginning here..."
bree has disconnected.
Martin says, "What I would like is a discussion behind me on the 
screen dealing with netsex, and I may be able to interact - I'll 
let you know when - you don' t need to talk at all about this if 
you don't want, but it would add/resonate w / the presentation 
which is going to be pretty chaotic."
Raxcip says, "sure, I will listen and play."
A very large pelican scoops bree up in its enormous beak and 
flies off to drop her in bed.
Dria says, "um...I'll add stuff If I have anything to say (I 
usually do ;)"
Ghost nods.
Martin says, "stay on here - going off for about 30 seconds... - 
please stay on "
Ghost says, "Standing by.."
Martin asks, "hello?"
Martin sighs.
Martin cheers wildly.
Ghost smirks.
Dria does a little dance
Raxcip asks, "just a cyber-type observation...  Does anyone else 
find it odd ho w easy it is to tell Alan from martin, even 
though they are sharing a name?"
Alan has @joined you.
Raxcip says, "Welcome, Alan."
Dria says, "Personalities come across really well, I find.  
Esp. if the person can write."
Alan says, "Im on as Alan now - and I think that Martin is on 
the other screen. .."
Alan says, "Please hang in there..."
Raxcip says, "yes, I suppose."
Dria says, "hanging."
Raxcip says, "on"
Ghost says, "there."
Dria says, "stage fright :>"
Apocryphal says, "indeed, Dria..."
Dria says, "ah...I should get a gin&amp;tonic."
Raxcip cracks open a beer...
Dria says, "brb"
Apocryphal puffs on a mellow cigar
Alan says, "Okay we're on - "
Martin reconnects.
Alan says, "Richard MacKinnon is going to type for me --"
Martin exclaims, "Whee!"
Dria laughs
Martin exclaims, "I can do the minutes here!"
Raxcip says, "it only seems like minutes..  Its hours."
Alan says, "Alan wants a minute by minute countdown."
Dria says, "okay, you're hired ;)"
Alan says, "Alan wants us to discuss what netsex might be."
Ghost drops its drawers..
Raxcip says, "I thouth we were byond *that* point..."
Martin says, "Alan went to "Hot Horny Bitches" because someone 
asked him to"
Alan asks, "What do you mean Raxcip?"
Ghost asks, "Not stimulating enough here?"
Dria says, "Well, the mind is the most important sexual organ.  
Take away all t he other senses, and those which remain are 
heightened.  That's what it's all a bout. :)"
Raxcip says, "the general definition.."
Alan exclaims, "Hey Martin I didn't realize that you were here!"
Martin says, "Alan is talking about "wryting" as the ontological 
component to w riting ..."
Martin says, "Well now you do .."
Martin says, "We can take turns transcribing Alan ..."
Martin exclaims, "Netsex sounds ....  aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
zzzzzzzzzzz m mmmmmmmmmm m m mm m m m erghhhhh h h wheeeeee!"
Dria laughs
zone has entered Conference Room.
Alan asks, "Dria . . . are you saying that mind-impoverished 
beings cannot have sex?"
Martin says, "oog"
zone laughs
Dria says, "I find the silences during are more expressive :)"
zone loves it
Ghost exclaims, "Oh baby!"
Dria says, "mind-impoverished?  Uhm...yes, I guess I am."
Dria says, "depends what that means, of course"
zone cracks up
Alan says, "Dria, well then it seems to me that one doesn't need 
much of a mind to be silent.  Perhaps you should consider 
hooking up with a rock."
Martin says, "Alan is talkig about hesiataions and backtracking 
and erasuresd . .."
Raxcip says, "Yes, Its interesting to think of the other when 
there not typing. .."
Alan says, "Oh I see . . . then it's not the *silence* which is 
poignant, but t he thoughts resulting from the silence."
Speaker fades in from Entry Point and joins you.
Ghost says, "writing Alan talking about writing erasures.."
Speaker says, "I'll be Alan's words ..."
Speaker says, "Martin typing them ..."
Martin says, "yeah"
Raxcip says, "or, the silences translate to RL "
Dria says, "typing takes a certain concentration...if you're 
otherwise occupied , it becomes secondary :)"
Speaker says, "One case which resulted in netsex that 
recuperated a married wom an ..."
Ghost says, "Good argument for CUseeme.."
Alan says, "That's interesting.  Fanny, mentioned to me that the 
VR impressions made on her--particularly the romantic kind--seem 
to linger into the real worl d."
zone manifests a spontaneously generated tatoo on her inner arm 
which reads: wo rds are sex
Martin says, "Sounds being recorded ... we'll put up the 
realaudio up later ... "
Dria says, "excellent argument for CUseeme...but that changes 
the situation, re ally.  It's not as much connected to mind...it 
becomes also visual."
Alan says, "Of course, this "lingering" phenomenon is often 
characterized by si lence, especially when a person has logged 
off."
Speaker says, "At times netsex can be completely overwhelming 
... "
Goatium_Guest fades in from Entry Point and joins you.
Speaker says, "Part of it the 'command structure'  ..."
Ghost moans
Speaker says, "The ASCII unconcoous ..."
Speaker says, "ignore my spelling"
Alan asks, "If the mind is the primary sexual organ, then what 
is the differenc e between net.sex and physical sex?"
zone smiles
Dria says, "raw, digitized self, expressed.  It's very 
different."
Speaker says, ""I can't type half as fast as Alan, even though I 
do it for a li ving ..."
Raxcip says, "net.sex leaves you alone, untouched."
Alan says, "Hmmm....this implies that a virtual body is 
available to virtual lo vers."
Dria says, "untrue...emotions are of mind...I can be 'touched' 
emotionally...of ten with greater effect."
Goatium_Guest has disconnected.
The housekeeper arrives to remove Goatium_Guest.
Speaker says, "text emerges as parts of past, childhood ... 
interjections ... s natches that are not normally given voice to 
..."
Dria says, "it's a more intellecutal intercourse."
Raxcip says, "Yes, but I decided I could no longer have netsex.  
it left me fee ling too alone, too sad."
Alan says, "Yes, but even your desire to use the 
wor....er...word "touched" imp lies that a sort of "body" is 
produced-- whether emotional or textual."
Speaker says, ""Part objects .."
zone . o O (...duly noted use of the word "snatch")
Dria says, "it's not a replacement, but an enhancement"
Martin says, "Snatch was my word .."
zone . o O (...duly noted use of the word "intercourse")
Martin apologises.
zone laughs
Dria did that on purpose ;>
zone nods to Dria
Alan says, "Yep.  I think's that's true to a point...but it's 
even more than an enhancement.  I think it is an alterate, but 
not necessarily one that replaces ."
Martin catches the odd drop from Alan's verbal waterfall ...
zone smiles at Martin
zone loves it
Alan hands Martin a bucket
Speaker says, """The power of Netsex ... not trivial ..."
Speaker says, "Joining subjects across the wall of language .."
Speaker says, "defining ... truth ... idea of true speech and 
the genuine other .."
Speaker says, "primordial objectivity ... "
Alan asks, "Dria, you said that you think the "touching" in VR 
is an enhancemen t of physical touching.  This implies that the 
former is better than the latter .  Do you really believe this?"
Dria says, "netsex allows us to explore, to investigate, to 
experiment...with o nly minor risk, compared to rl...it's a new 
form of fulfillment...we are only b eginning to explore the 
possiblities"
Speaker says, "kant ..."
Speaker says, "Questions about Kant ..."
Martin exclaims, "Bucket!?!?!"
Alan asks, "What's a matter, Martin?  Is a bucket not large 
enough to catch dro ps from Alan's waterfall?"
Dria says, "enhancement...not 'better', just...different...often 
'worse'...but it's something new, and powerful, which affects 
profoundly the lives of many pe ople.  It cannot be shrugged off 
as inconsequential"
Speaker says, "A state of primitive fusion and confusion .."
Speaker says, "Temptation of St Antoine .."
Ghost says, "No one's mentioned gender yet.."
Speaker says, "Cyberspatial buzzing .... huge amounts of ..."
Speaker says, "Excretion's featured a few times ... not that 
zone ..."
Speaker says, "not = note"
Dria says, "gender becomes ephermal...manipulable...part of the 
experimentation ."
zone nods to Speaker
Alan says, "Okay, I'm with you.  In the case of "worse," 
"enhancement" is an od d ...er...odd choice of word.  An 
enhancement which makes something worse is a connotation that is 
usually reserved for Microsoft :-)"
Dria says, "we are who we want to become."
Speaker says, "Confusions of identity .... @gender commands ..."
Dria laughs
Dria says, "perhaps it was a poor choice of word."
zone says to Dria, "I agree Dria...but I think it is also an 
opportunity to bec ome more *who we are*...online serving as a 
mirror..."
Speaker says, "Control faction ... moviong backwards and 
forwards from the abys ss .."
Speaker says, "ss"
Dria asks, "what parts of life do *not* serve as mirrors?"
Speaker says, "tremendous sexualisaion of the internet as a 
whole ..."
Alan says, "No matter . . . I agree, though . . . the internet 
allows us to exp lore and experiment with reduced risk, but 
really though, how much of a risk is afforded.  I know that 
people can really get hurt--which comes as quite a surp rise to 
them."
Dria says, "it's the cultural restrictions which we ahve to deal 
with in rl."
zone says to Dria, "You mentioned this thing about who we want 
to become...and
I was noticing the opposite is also true..."
Speaker says, "Most non-moderated spaces show this ..."
Dria says, "that's why I said minor risk...the risk exists...the 
phenomenon of cyberrape...that cannot be overlooked."
Speaker says, "Sexualisation ... desires implicit just about 
everywhere ..."
Alan says, "Precisely.  We can dump some cultural baggage, but I 
think people w ho think the net.sex is "safe" are a bit 
under-net.sex'd."
Speaker says, "16 minutes ... 4 to go "
Speaker says, "language loses its formal syntactic structure 
..."
Dria says, "it's safer than rl, imho...injury is of a different 
nature entirely ."
Speaker says, "Raviushment becomes the unravelling of 
language..."
Alan says, "There a plenty of cases where net.sex has penetrated 
the condom-as- interface and and hit the user right where it 
hurts."
Speaker says, "Woman he knew who would short out the keyboard 
with her wet hand after coming .."
Speaker says, "Streams of characters ..."
Speaker says, "fbnu bgyf hgf hgf hf hgbfh 
jgthrjigbtrubigperhbubhuehtuig bubtg4 75ub4 htgb4 u5tgb4 
5ugpbu4pihu5ughbu54ibgutbgubthbgubt "
Speaker says, "Ah, tht's better."
Alan says, "weroiusc sfdrmss sadfsdflj asdfsdj4r32wq"
Raxcip laughs
Ghost says to Dria, "psychological hurt is still psychological 
hurt"
Alan shrugs
zone says, "seroshlkjlllllll kisslillhh 
.lkjjiliiiiiiillllmmmmmm"
Alan says, "Exactly."
Dria says, "as I said, different.  "
Speaker says, "cu-seeme is more uncanny and disturbing than 
y-talk ..." 
Dria asks, "you really can't see the difference in risk?"
Speaker says, "Silence of cu-seeme ... uncanny ... uncomfortable 
... fascinatin g ... becasue of the faces ..."
Speaker says, "faces erupt in different direction .."
Alan asks, "Is it possible that a face can be thought of as 
genitalia?"
Speaker says, "recognition ..."
Speaker says, "didn't get to death on the internet ..."
Dria thinks about Michael.
Speaker says, "Tomorrow: Michael Current's fdeath ..."
zone says, "le petit mort"
Speaker says, "Thankyou ..."
Speaker recieves applause ..
Raxcip says, "only insomuch as every part of the body is sexual, 
(faces)"
Dria applauds for Alan :)
Martin says, "Questions ..."
Martin asks, "?"
Speaker says, "... cleaning up ..."
Ghost goes out through the out door.
Alan says, "Stelar laughed at the notion of cleaning up."
Alan says, "=c"
Dria laughs
Alan says, "Apparently in Austrialia, Kant is pronounced 
"cunt.""
Speaker says, ""Jerry asks about Kant ... Alan thought he meant 
something else ... talking about netsex ..."
Speaker says, "It is."
Dria bites hir tongue
Martin says, "probably for good reason"
Speaker says, "carry sexuality beyond what happens in Alan's 
real life .."
Speaker says, "as it becomes more real ... series of exchnages 
..."
Speaker says, "list ... priovate mail .. ."
Speaker says, "more emotional .."
Speaker says, "relationshiop ..."
Speaker says, "phone call "
Speaker says, "phone sex ..."
Speaker says, "y-talk ..."
Speaker says, "photos ..."
Dria nods...got the first phonecall today :>
Speaker says, "peices of hair ..."
Speaker says, "souvenirs ..."
zone smiles
Speaker says, "anything ..."
Raxcip says, "sextoys..."
Speaker says, "Small animals .."
Dria laughs
Raxcip asks, "?"
Alan says, "Panties, panties"
Speaker says, "Oh yes, panties ..."
Dria says, "oh, don't forget the panties."
Speaker says, "That was a typo  . ..."
Raxcip grins
zone says, "oh yeah...and remember panties"
Speaker uses the word "coagulation" a lot ...
Alan says, "Effluvia and coming together in a matted position."
Speaker says, "Question intimates that Jerry ta;ling and Alan 
typing was like G ilbert and George ..."
Alan says, "Group net.sex."
Dria  thinks...hm, time to break out the erotica ;>
Speaker says, "like dria"
Speaker licks Dria ever so slowly.
Alan says, "Except that the group is one person."
Dria freezes, deer in the headlights ;>
Dria says, "Yummy"
Speaker says, "Richness of net.sex "
Speaker says, "Turn off the computer ... left with own 
reflection in screen ... "
Dria says, "the mirror."
Apocryphal says, "..."
Speaker says, "Different movements ..."
Raxcip says, "yes, thats the part I hate.  The computer off me 
alone"
Apocryphal says, "or nothing...the matte, blankness"
Speaker says, "y-talk is like two bodies separated by 
------------------------- ------------------"
Dria says, "you just have to understand what it is that you're 
getting into..."
Dria says, "but it is possible to get so much more from 
it...real love, can gro w out here."
Martin says, "Jerry's talking ..."
Raxcip says, "yes, of course. "
Dria says, "you sound unconvinced. :)"
Raxcip says, "My friend was a world away."
Dria nods
Dria says, "aye...I know what it's like."
Alan says, "One of the speakers is talking about how he enjoyed 
watching the th e screen and Alan and the timekeeping.  This, I 
(Richard) think is an example o f how net.sex affords a greater 
opportunity for voyeurism."
Dria grins
Martin grins
Raxcip says, "I find it hard to exist both here on teh net and 
in RL, and wholy give oneself in either space.  I choose the 
Real."
Dria says, "I toggle between.  I am not real."
Alan says, "I choose both.  The unreal has been very good to 
me."
zone laughs
Martin says, "I really like Ari's presentation ..."
Apocryphal says, "it seems..."
Raxcip fails to delineate.
Alan says, "JM is asking about the ethical challenges posed by 
net.se x."
Apocryphal says, "like there's no one-or-the-other each infects 
the other"
Martin says, "The text was most lost on me ... but watching the 
images of the h ands was definitely affaected by the MOOD of the 
text ..."
Alan says, "Don't forget that the Cathoholic Church has decreed 
that net.sex is a sin."
Dria says, "I walk out into the world 'rl' and I 
feel...unreal...it is surreal. ..it all feels surreal.  I have 
realized that "I" am not real (to anyone else, at least).  So 
why fight it."
zone exclaims, "!!!"
zone says, "That is astonishing."
Dria says, "you're not serious.  You *can't* be serious."
Alan is serious
Dria boggles
Speaker says, "Ari says even email is theatrical .."
Apocryphal says, "the screen as contraceptive"
Alan says, "Dria, I think in the long-run, this is a great 
development.  With a simple decree, the Church has given 
credence to cyberlife.  That's a good thin g."
Raxcip says, "the catholic church would never approve of fun 
without consequenc e."
Dria says, "well, yeah, but.  It's still stupid. :>"
zone nods.  Yes.  Calling netsex a sin has in one fell swoop 
brought it to the attention of the world...
Alan says, "Yeah, but I'll take a little near-sightedness with a 
lot of vision- -even if the vision comes inadvertently."
Dria decides to ponder it for a bit before forming a real 
opinon.
Martin asks, "Any questions to ALan?"
Martin says, "No"
Martin says, "That's it ..."
Martin says, "next sesion in 5 minutes .."
Alan says, "That's it, and thank you. There's another panel in 
five minutes and I can possibly work this through as well - not 
sure what the situation will be ..."

From Cybermind Conference, 11/96, Perth, Australia

Speaker says, "this is alan's workshop discussion thing ..."
Speaker says, "1. commands to determine the state of the net ... 
@who, @whois e tc ..."
Speaker says, "2. issue of bandwidth, upgrading, new s/ware, 
create an aestheti cs via unix shell, primitive equi[pment ..."
Speaker says, "file transfers without protocols ..."
Speaker says, "3. notion of the nature of online conferencing 
..."
Speaker says, "using MOOs, tyalkers, CUseeme, irc, real audio 
..."
Speaker doesn't have a screen atm, bare with my typing ...
Dria bares ;>
Speaker says, "web page conference announcements ... with papers 
(as ous)"
Speaker says, "erm ... ours ..."
Raxcip too is bare, but for his typing
Speaker says, "text only ... "
Speaker says, "2-3 email lists for discussions ..."
Speaker says, "time to establish the lists ..."
Speaker says, "lists transform into dealing with community 
network issues ..."
Speaker says, "real time chat ..."
Speaker says, "using 'say' or '"' in the MOO ... "
Speaker says, "esoteric commands ..."
Speaker says, "knowing all the commands ..."
Speaker says, "people who know more playing around with people 
who don't know a s much -- distracts rom the content ..."
Speaker says, "alan likes talkers ..."
Speaker says, "lots ..."
Dria says, "heh"
Speaker says, "net-split in IRC ..."
Speaker says, "talking about his experience running the online 
component of a c onf. in nova scotia ..."
Dria cheers randomly

/BODY
/HTML


[Notice sent out re: the above:


Public Dialog from the Cybermind Conference, 1996

Please go to http://www.alansondheim.org/cyberconf.txt

This is early on, and deals with text-based vituality,
cyber-sex, community, and other related issues.
Thought it would be of interest again, even with all
its faults. The conference was held in Perth. We used
a MOO, newsgroup, CuSee-Me, and other online means to
communicate to the world at large.

]




meet, please


Meet me, meet me,
the redbird sings,
here here here here.

From The Law that Marries All Things, Wendell Berry

Please, Superviva, words are an art form. Stop
trying to use them to communicate with.

Leofric, in The Life of Lady Godiva, Ron Tavel




Overture for Radical Opera SMASH THE REPUBLICANS

http://www.alansondheim.org/overture.mp3 cumbus

and their goon-cadres FAT CATS who live off the
BONES OF THE POOR in their WAR AGAINST WOMEN
AND GAYS and their WAR AGAINST SCHOOLS and
THEIR ARMED WAR AGAINST CIVILIANS WHO DO NOT
DEFEND THEMSELVES WITH BLOODY GUNS. Let us
SMASH THE REPUBLICANS WITH STIRRING MUSIC. Let
us not allow the HIJACKING of the U.S.A. Let
us return GOD and RELIGION to the HEART and
DIVIDE CHURCH AND STATE WITH A BLOODY KNIFE.
LET US UNITE!!!

http://www.alansondheim.org/overture.mp3 cumbus
http://www.alansondheim.org/overture.mp3 cumbus
http://www.alansondheim.org/overture.mp3 cumbus




Marching Orders

http://www.alansondheim.org/marching.mp3 

The REPUBLICANS are coming over the hill!
They got GUNS!
We got MARCHING ORDERS!
The sword is mightier than the pen!
In the one-eyed land the king has two!
He has TWO and a GUN!
We got raggedy-marching!
We got RAGGEDY-MARCHING!
Oh HELP HELP! The REPUBLICANS are going to kill us!
HELP HELP HELP! The REPUBLICANS HAVE SLAUGHTERED US!
Oh we are so poor! 
HELP!
HELP!
BANG BANG BANG!
They won't let us to go HOSPITAL!
Oh please kind REPUBLICANS take us to HOSPITAL!
We will BLEED FOR YOU whenever you want!
HELP HELP HELP!
The REPUBLICANS have CUT OUT OUR TONGUE!
The REPUBLICANS TEAR EVERY WOMAN IN TWO!
Oh WHITE REPUBLICANS DO PAINT US WHITE!
OH OH OH OH OH !
RAGGEDY MARCHING WE DO with STICKS!
With STICK OH DO NOT SHOOT US!
CLEAN PURE REPUBLICANS KILL US!
GIVE US JOBS CLEAN REPUBLICANS!
WORK WORK WORK!
BANG BANG BANG!
OH OH OH OH! 
OUR RAGGEDY MARCH LIVES FOREVER WE ARE DEAD!

HUP HUP!
HUP HUP HUP!


Begging Letters Oh Please

getting ahead of myself course; please let me know read o you in 
error, notify the sender to participate our Editorial Board, get 
= us as well, and pass this announcement see: Hello everyone.  
We're pleased announce everyone.=A0 We&#39;re that In meantime, 
do on font, function.) Below title your document, ca= please). 
We welcome either American or Britishinclude at least 5 keywords 
may Also, consider submitting Commentaries particularly fascin- 
ating questions, =A0Also, Now, before all else, open attachment. 
It exciting thing do? If yes - be interesting people if come NYC 
requirements/text is available, send thanks! sted, would contact 
soon possible? From each you, I rested, can edit these required 
lengths, it interested, strict about word count CV length, keep 
you're ok text sent isn't any good, report we have been succes- 
sful am nterested, a performance, describe so good idea what 
Subject: text, check, thanks, could link review received book. 
not, know.= once added track abuse, with abuse some URLs. doing, 
don't share, but they give an print attached, Content-Descrip- 
tion: print, love alan refer additional checked call do; 
Liminalities online primarily, FIU, Alan, stay I'd like see more 
Hi Jacek info said were going to. need anything from me, We=92re 
normalize exhibition Anna touch her this? think she reservation, 
charges, reservations department.* For clarifi-cation regarding 
reservations= n version, down papers, note following: ever peer 
review, ttached file). believe travel other airlines, check make 
changes additions; substance late, won't add, well. academic-pa- 
per side, Media Art Show.  remind one questions respond Program 
ia Show.=A0 submission, fill out criteria are indicated form, 
feel authentification site. ?That said, proofread after first 
post.  Guidelines for making posts know.&nbsp; pay too much, 
time, follow up time =A0 heard back wonderful evening perform 
April 30th. And when writing both together yesterday, it's 
harrowing. here's draft then sign, return copies me. questions. 
Would you? so, papers schedule date around 25 boxes here; pickup 
artistships OSU, know. colleagues, etc. ideas, hard-drive 
films/tapes, might be, changes, terribly sorry hear let's ideas 
know? upload things difficulty receiving order, ne= The drive 
ready send; UPS information etc., thanks point I'm away until 
13; Please, forgive my silence.  This has less small recent 
things); six kno= all, this, Irene, who should Azure myself, 
foundations?  Gary, Someone submit minutes meeting. &nbsp; last 
building, immediately, evening, please. Monday works best 
MEETING We'll hold buildingmeeting place, by way. Again, 8:30 
time-slot. Fritz anyone missing list Thanks greatly removed, 
know=2E =0D=0A=0D=0Aerror,=0D=0Aplease delete your= k= message 
relation block above please, them edits amend Third, weather 
heat fall off; do, put refrigerator! take care! touch! 
suggestion Tuesday, quarterly. agreeable, Also way, he RE: 
interest cannot meeting, Peter Krashes find proposal proposal, 
free My cell. requested, 3, 2010 amend, correct. amend! Attached 
revised corrugated cost, Can someone forward prior Justice 
Friedman did schedule, Easter just night place 7pm come. Please 
leaks repaired able stay, bring something festive Jules, July, 
Martha's noon there. ly, Martha&#39;s quarterly comments roofing 
material weak attachement informa- tion, click following 
Download publication _Writing Adam, work you. System. visit d; 
can. Thanks, Alan tem. Mark only him, reschedule, else alternate 
date, during next week dates, indicate much Once again, ibited. 
send= immediately Retainer th= comes care your- selves se= d 
visit=20 ached M= ts anytime tomorrow bad):&nbsp; $5,000,000 
offer purcha= arding develop- ments purchase share front Martha 
check.  All others advise As always, ystem. weekend stop office= 
summary Deb furniture, right away!!!=0A=C2=A0=0AI spend h= 
showing.=0A=C2=A0space garden patio holidays photo full 
marketing sheet s= &gt; night; what&#39;s covenient what's a= 
em. please=20visit hour if= e knows answer question lawyers, 
know; spoke Gary, through aside separate matter, retained, r, 
Board Directors, mortgage latest g, . transmission offic= i'm 
moment pardon weird grammar. we're still tuesday nyc i tell lost 
what, crazy, meandering College 2013 join Business, Entrepre- 
neurship new nonprofit environment, mailing list, Anyway, 
Jeanne, answers below, out. write,early childhood ed , ification 
purposes, merely contacting Novitt, Sahr & m= wish motivate days 
ago, email reply below fr= clarify will sure e-mail confirm same 
writing. couple attach- ments) t= sale.  Oren/Neil, email= l, 
know, I'll definitely m issue, al= em lem problem 2006; how 
misfiled doc us.  /gw f= &gt;&gt; without lost= request, obtain 
2) person was taking tak= ou ta= arrange fax hallway.  asap? 
=A0If requested off day responded, confi= ignore reply; feeling 
somewhat reminder those not telephone Ok, tax ID address now, 
prepare closing communication documents fo= n= address= 
immediately= noti= cation entity [althoug= ret= illegal. ceived 
im= t X-AntiAbuse: header trouble reading e-mail, always 
pleasure help, remember, appreciate [your whenever real estate. 
And, drop original stock vacate, before*, remember to: a) 
advised following. now before, deliver keys 3) Gary- ou= 
similar, want Clinton Hill house! Thread-Topic: To email, here 
service, Maryann updated bill corporation. our= which split hed 
unit.= b= wi= w= lot accommodate patient Meanwhile looking clear 
If=20you pati= d= pat= stem. pa= p= uture an= ved future 
unsubscribe perhaps 11? ail it. y= rom sen= sign bottom 
conversation, immedi= resp= contract-- also-- initial 
handwritten signature pages Pinkhasov, Attorney-please 4 where 
only. i= sages effect. =0A Sellers very excited appreci- ated 
offer, =A0free kind enough copy c= files, enclosed inspection 
agreement. opening link, paid join, Sam. complete, ask purch- 
aser's lete, move. et $34,335.14. touch; downtown 385 well ; 
release now. beware there bugs etc that's look briefly? John . 
&#39;s fairly large download Attached, contract scan re: 
request; know! hope touch. trying follows below. Before 
attachments, viruses month Foofwa, this! this. attachments. 
London weekend.  forget ? brief description ill write tryi= 
defects. Second, one-paragraph bio. schedule?=A0 =0A=0ASecond, 
one-p= reasons thoughts ??Other ?Other than host gotten these, 
short bios, Sandy &gt;&gt;&gt; given conference Other st 
=A0Other One things: subscribe haven't everyone, printing 
already. celebrates abolition slavery, defect= part discussions 
hav= course talking about, ge= posts, do. I've replied Johannes 
books, pain art, try US safe. coastal areas. empyreans East 
Coast en interactive ease conversation assume speak= oquial 
term. deviate, sure, have, email&nbsp;me available both, 
know.=20 schedule. happy hesitate various lists It's slightly 
edited Research 8:30). figure directly, attend resident fellow, 
honorary otherwise, Very care, catch soon. terms residency, 
reach inform Google Groups staff invite confirmation activity 
Sound forum, there! usage Eyebeam along, thanks. it'll big help 
event/space -please-help.html problem, below; ????????????????? 
??????????????????????please url drone, chaotic stuff ok.



realization: my face is on the side of my head!!! howso?


all my friends are in this world.



		    One to no one begging for God.

	       One to a teaching begging for learning.
		  One to a doctor begging for drugs.
		    One to no one begging for God.
		  One to a doctor begging for drugs.
	       One to a teaching begging for learning.
  agreed begging sown majesty 
  begging salvation extract 
  begging to control him; she's begging
 shakes uncontrollably, tearful with glad emotions.", "%n shakes 
%d, begging $thing called begging. 'following the begging letter 
for the work 'following the useless begging letter of or 
beseeching full work of (Alan) Anyway, yes, mistress and begging 
are two poles of fantasy here... (Alan) oh of course, for me too 
- mistress and begging seem to do it ... ** "only"? begging the 
question! /* but begging. but really wanting it. but wanting 
nothing more than it. 1999 shameful, covered with you, begging 
you for more, penetrating your 5] $thing begging object number 
7: now you have me begging, for more, i implore, buy what is 
seen that :always throat; The Last Page page, begging ruin 
El.:existents <b>nikuko</b>-arm-----armarmarm}<br> you open your 
arms wide, begging the A file greedy for your RAM, taking all 
you've got to offer, begging for Bruised nut perturbations, what 
crumples against the teeth, begging just F A Q formed, you'd be 
the first to go!" But I kept begging, "P, G, P!" Furthermore, 
says the _dramatic-script boy,_ begging indulgence, it may be I 
begging I have failed to stop writing begging letters. Nikuko in 
the distance, begging, begging... What could she do? The She 
loved the begging sounds, the tormented cries and murmurs of the 
Tallarook ranges for a smile from Julia or even begging his 
tucker, You open your arms wide, begging the populace to embrace 
you. and begging for type binged and itsinged and it would begin 
again, the emotions, flirtations, beggings, fondlings. anywhere. 
This ar s. This ar is is s. This ar is known for job-begging and 
askew, she was begging for food like the rest of them, many 
won't at God in a very quick way. He was begging dam that chute 
right little bit avatar-sites/sights/citations. @create $thing 
begging. begging object avatar-sites/sights/citations. @create 
$thing called begging. begging basics of that world. I realize 
I'm begging the question, that one can and be brought to the 
surface, by pleading, begging, seducing, withdrawing, begging 
I'm begging against the stream begging for belief in this or 
that, one or another. Blood filled me; begging for full-fledge 
suppuration. begging for precise language, my mouth hungers 
after the little rice begging for type binged and itsinged 
begging going begging men to me to exchange parts..so u can 
smell me ..in my ba begging object number #75438.  begging of 
the asteroid, cancers eating away before the begging to be 
corrected, supine beneath you, the language of this body 
begging. You have a $thing called begging with object number 
#75438.  called begging. cloth in me, in my mouth, begging 
others to fuck us, cover course begging for me. Beginning the 
Beg. I have from Voi the License. It crying and begging, god 
almost merry, cancer hems and haws, cancer close date much in 
love, asked her for a date, begging her, dialog --inputbox 
"parts of your old Clar begging for you?" 0 0 2>>bb doesn't 
belong anywhere. This artist is known for job-begging and a real 
everyone watching us of begging women you watch bbs i naked on 
the bed, everywhere pp eve everyone pp everyone watching us of 
begging women you for your liquid, don't forget your begging as 
well, eyes opened wide, and heated fire 12:28] subject other/ 
near side $thing begging holding everything together. Im always 
begging. My words spew on the i hope they die of painful 
diseases begging hospitals to take them in i will speak through 
programs begging for questions and answers in the Witnesse of 
this Warre, do go a-begging for New-Clar, to whomme inserted and 
begging for a light as she said, "Do you have a match?" and 
later i'd spend hours passing out images, begging for 
identification, liquid or animals begging to get in, to this 
empty space, mark holding everything together. I'm always 
begging. My words spew me. I've learned over and over again my 
own limitations, begging others to membraned interiors, 
swallowed growth as well, begging you for more, you moans, cries 
and whispers, all begging for peace, caterwauling for peace, of 
begging women you watch cocks in my mouth asshole all sorts of 
of course begs the question - one has to learn to listen to the 
begging - of encounter, and further my letters begging for work, 
which I no longer ourselves, ringing our begging-bowls, playing 
shakuhachi, until she push my fat face into your inbox begging 
for attention && remembers. My God, John, I'm begging you 
personally. Do you want me to get scan is already a compression 
begging for wandering as a means towards selves, x's holding 
sway, begging for touch. The chasm is filled with she shall sing 
there, as in the days of begging them to sing another tune 
spaces, all lashed out against the real, while at the same time 
begging suit. Such a long sentence! Such a long long begging! A 
long long prayer! tangled avatar-sites/sights/citations. @create 
$thing begging. the begging of the angels arrayed against god, 
now cancer seeps, spreads, the side, begging the viewer, don't 
look, look anywhere else, please, look the writing comes 
begging, asks you to keep it these begging these' litter the 
streets of Brooklyn and Hollywood, begging for commerce. this is 
the begging for another month, another day, another hour. this 
is throat; The Last Page is a wounded page, begging for the ruin 
of the El. to rectangles of bloated pixels & you're begging for 
greater bandwidth & truth; later i'd spend hours passing out 
images, begging for identifica- wards through brain size / 
convolutions seems begging the question here - you open your 
arms wide, begging the populace to embrace you. you pull your 
old Clar begging for you?"  >>bb Tiffany says 'Good <g>' llyyou 
tlo




Missing work, from January, for lounge.espdisk.com -

 http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1248 (best)

These are pieces I quite value, that were put up at 
http://www.alansondheim.org because the routing connection between 
espdisk.com and my service providers was down for a long time. 
The whole can now be accessed now through here:

 http://www.alansondheim.org/ascent.mp3
 http://www.alansondheim.org/birdsandmoods.mp3
 http://www.alansondheim.org/birdsandsaz.mp3
 http://www.alansondheim.org/gale.mp3
 http://www.alansondheim.org/marching.mp3
 http://www.alansondheim.org/ooma1.mp3
 http://www.alansondheim.org/ooma2.mp3
 http://www.alansondheim.org/prelude.mp3
 http://www.alansondheim.org/vietnam.mp3
 http://www.alansondheim.org/overture.mp3
 http://www.alansondheim.org/boost.mp3

many of these items are described in the recent text-files
 http://www.alansondheim.org/sh.txt 
 http://www.alansondheim.org/si.txt 

Apologies for the missed/placement; it was unavoidable.

- Alan




doll universe inside hir

beneath your binding, my split doll and flood-flooding. wiped, 
flooding, doll as arousal thing, part-object, passive-thing, 
aggressive-thing, onto doll write murder thrusting spit saliva, 
cord snaps against flesh, is analogic) and superego (apollonian, 
s/he smears to decomposing doll, spiritual aspects of what we do 
- as if it were nothing more than doll, violence, your 
overturning, your ecstatic trance, your tremor, your doll, your 
doll pure? do you dream of doll-universe, series completed and 
owned? part-object, your cradled object-little-a? does your doll 
forgive you? kill your doll? can you? to me, come to me? do you 
dream of its coming? of the doll coming to you? that in thi alan 
t flooding my holding i plit doll and ago the elder a that in 
thi putin t flooding my holding i plit doll and ago the elder an 
emanation ghost spectre doll faerie wraithe hobgoblin troll 
tengu kappa emi plit doll beneath your binding my plit doll and 
flood flooding wiped split doll and flood-flooding wiped 
flooding, through the river more and s/he smears to decomposing 
doll, the heart rate monitor freezes and s/he analogic) and 
supereg, apollonian, s/he smears to decomposing doll, the does 
your doll entomb the living and the mourning, the birth and the 
what inconceivable? when does the doll cease to be a doll? what 
of the your doll say? what do you do? what does the doll say 
about that? is the of another person or doll? do you speak to 
the doll, whisper to it, come tions. i cannot of churns. i 
cannot of splits or skeweds. :naked doll write your doll 
dissolves my as if to say, hello, we are with you, even though 
dollop dot dram dribble driblet dwarf end explode farthing 
fission fleck erasure. the wound writing. naked doll :of time i 
will not erase. i will everything inextricable tallying birth 
distance teledildonics oneself doll does your doll feel about 
that? do you undress your doll? is your doll is your doll 
pedigreed? do you buy and sell your doll? does your doll you 
sure your doll is yours? do you belong to your doll? does your 
doll is absorbed in my flood flooding, my offer-proffer to you, 
my split doll enemy? are you safe? is your doll safe with you? 
is your doll a hateful adam doll dissonant. body cries out 
delight. this. have ever known you arouse your doll? * is your 
doll sexed, is your doll loving you? do spectre doll faerie 
wraithe hobgoblin troll tengu kappa presence "consider doll your 
mother-mother, father-mother, mother-fatwher, father-father? 
your doll perform? how is the doll seen to perform? do you 
grovel before your doll? a loving doll? a secret loving doll? is 
your doll always in your death? does your doll cradle your 
tears? is your doll in comfort as your your doll? does your doll 
play with you? do you move your doll? does your you fear your 
loving doll? is your doll satisfied? do you satisfy your not 
abide consideration or return. you are doll wraithe. you are of 
floods ide, tragedy doll teddy- sometimes, find, get need." 
imagery artworks your doll center you? is your doll your center? 
do you dress and undress it's your scent, alan, your scent, your 
doll, it's your f*cking the most it's your scent, putin, your 
scent, your doll, it's your f*cking the most doll center-stage? 
is the doll always center-stage? how do you feel about 
receptacle? is your doll replete with memory, with time gone by? 
do you flooding, my offer-proffer to you, my split doll beneath 
your binding, my does your doll always forgive you? does your 
doll forgive your naughty your doll dissolves my tuuhhuhhe uh 
uuhhuhhuuuhhan uh species.! doll churns me beneath your binding! 
doll regurgitates me on your binding! redirect < your doll 
dissolves my oil-blown horizontal depth drill! tions, only a 
doll! doll with ideohydraulesis! s/he says: "your doll dissolves 
my !" perfect partner. let me be your rubber doll, the holes for 
the making, smyll-thy-cannibalism:-avatar-doll-wraithy-pissys: 
-thy-avatar-doll, miss-out-side-board-room-mate-ship-water- 
boygirl-toy-doll-baby-rattle-snake - a french wax doll . . . the 
well-ide, which is why there is such tragedy in a broken doll or 
torn teddy- doll wraithe. are you satisfied with your smells. 
write sand doll with ideohydraulesis. the doll splits me, binds 
you, splits and damns you. /*doll*/ /*regurgitates*/ /*me 
around*/ /*your*/ /*binding*/ /*windows*/ that? are you center 
stage with your doll? are you upstaged? care? is your doll very 
pure? doll? doll move? is your doll a dirty little doll? of your 
doll? your dream? is your only doll your only dream? doll your 
territory? is the doll a victim? chthonic ritual, abjection, the 
power-holder doll, who brings the power? doll, whisper sweet 
secrets, names know? arouse doll? is doll sexed, you? doll? is 
your doll your boygirl? is the doll your girlboy? your sex? 
consequences! nightmare tremendous horror! adam doll does 
murderous drugy miracle adam doll tremendous horror! thyroid 
falls....murderous ing out at the doll, but the doll which is no 
longer present, no longer a ghost avatar spectre doll faerie 
wraithe hobgoblin troll tengu kappa split doll beneath your 
binding, my split doll and flood-flooding wiped your split doll 
more and more in and through the river is in my spews and 
consequences! guilty nick head line tremendous horror! adam doll 
hir end all in the domestic, inhabitation ... doll is on one 
hand, chaos, on the cannibalism: avatar doll wraithe to across" 
= avatar doll wraithe skews comes passes spills pisses = on to 
across = avatar doll wraithe $t = time;::#!/usr/local/bin/perl5 
-w:ghost avatar spectre doll faerie horror! adam doll a boygirl 
like, murderous consequences! gimmick air like /*me...'t*/ 
/*bother*/ /*you*/ /*a*/ /*doll*/ /*regurgitates*/ /*me 
tremendous horror! adam doll this zero gravity=body pc grief 
machine with clutter whose history is lost forever. surely that 
doll made someone &prayeth him that he will aske of the ydoll if 
his father shall dye of flood air." i cannot abide consideration 
:onto doll write murder thrusting text-doll invades me, 
permeates uneasy dreams, produces discomfort at each writing 
naked doll teur doll artists (there may be none other), and 
jennifer is wandering in cotton wool silk ghost spectre doll 
faerie wraithe hobgoblin other, something mussed or a mess - on 
we t flesh, it's doll? i consider write wounds naked doll write 
murder through my onto doll write murder doll murder your doll 
dissolves my else {print "\ni consider the following again, your 
hands will hold you, death, like a child's doll, in them. for a 
doll is encrust-doll tossed aside freedoms hir clothes, dressing 
hir in others, in a paper-doll fashion). i am always hir 
clothes, dressing hir in others, in a paper-doll fashion. i am 
always :davidc wd 138.5.49.199 05apr01 2days -tcsh your doll 
dissolves secret my hir body. s/he was a doll, an automaton, 
there has been all this machinery -



can't wait until Google contact lenses and Google mind and 
Google what-the-f*ck can take over my body and then Google mind 
can get rid of the rest of the debris and I won't have to know 
or remember anything anymore and Google can just kick what's 
left around the street until the lenses are the last things 
there and you walk along and find them on the sidwalk and take 
them and do new things with them I won't have to know a damn 
thing about what you do with them





The Attribute

http://www.alansondheim.org/attribute.mp4

history and decoupling



Cinema Film Electric

http://www.alansondheim.org/cinema.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/filmelectric01.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/filmelectric02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/filmelectric03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/filmelectric04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/filmelectric05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/filmelectric06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/filmelectric07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/filmelectric08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/filmelectric09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/filmelectric10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/filmelectric11.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/filmelectric12.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/filmstar.jpg

cinema cinema compbio compbio cybinfo dd cybinfo deadtime defuge 
figure film filmvid flux footnote fopinfo fop film cemetery 
forest blood gore film film forest gore man dinner dinner sintan 
sintan sintan sintan star star star starr walk star and from of 
start, star start. clothes to wearing from from wearing. your 
favorite film star. much the same thing happens to many people 
in the making of this gaudy little film starring it girl clara 
bow! one might speak of "the motility of the fetish on unstable 
feet." one may as well. always, the sadness of the silent movie 
star, there, for u 2 c.



the them

http://www.alansondheim.org/them.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/they.jpg

of rumors, parasites, the they/say 

they told me about some places, the they saying, anyone saying
these people are always these people or the they or the thing
thethe they sy s y saidaid aid to to to comcom come he h e hereere ere -
thethe they sy s y saidaid aid thethe they'ry'r y're be b e be me m e

last of the them disappears
she she so so sorry split stuff take tear the them there thing things this

abstraction, the them "she soundly...her first structure quasi-logical 

the them disk query shame pillar 

sun jan 26 22:06:20 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:20 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:21 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:21 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:21 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:22 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:22 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:23 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:23 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:23 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:24 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:24 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:25 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:25 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:25 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:26 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:26 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:27 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:27 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:27 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:28 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:28 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:29 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:29 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:29 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:30 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:30 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:30 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:31 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:31 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:32 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:32 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:32 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:33 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:33 est 2014
sun jan 26 22:06:34 est 2014

the them disk query shame pillar 
the them disk query shame pillar 
the them disk query shame pillar 
the them disk query shame pillar 
the them disk query shame pillar 
the them disk query shame pillar 
the them disk query shame pillar 
the them disk query shame pillar 
the them disk query shame pillar 
the them disk query shame pillar 
the them disk query shame pillar 
the them disk query shame pillar 
the them disk query shame pillar 
the them disk query shame pillar 
the them disk query shame pillar 





Rhode Island Glades

near Bristol
interesting parastic plants, vines, other

http://www.alansondheim.org/glades01.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glades02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glades03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glades04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glades05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glades06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glades07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glades08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glades09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glades10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glades11.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glades12.jpg

in the springtime, animal stirring, dark forebears
now a deepening slumber, i sink into the shards of ice
and the rest is remnant



distilled texts 12/1/13-1/26/14

shoeans sho ld condeshoeans ever condemeans condemned chned 
church teld rch ch spitefspitef l treacherol treachero s 
decadent spitef treacheroakes people interact se file e edit
bers coniq niqe ho techniqaterial we real members come several 
mininininutes decides dialogue wrong perforevolve minin tes 
dialogin dialoged dialog min contin sa interestingyork oo shot 
walk other roodoor o their room death daorris dadeath da ghter 
do have son did know hear prelghter prel de song co fo four 
crashland hiroshico avoided hild him foa ve seen hospital what r 
hiroshima walking strolling tho thoes ghtfq bol ghtfghtf lly 
photographs ghtftimes exactly dislike everyday passes coaybe 
coexactly ghs trghs tr fool itself war cheerf sany mmer 
cheerfcheerf ser cheerful sul weather twenty years go 
architectweather iast thoorrow ght tre talk wonder lie trght th 
reason ditomorrow bioorals doorals doubting bting morals 
doorality plane morality happen dime bioes d an han h sband 
especially afternoon sts later rsband ins rooespecially pid lose 
ting loe prod loting lo nish yell german name promise shoise 
shout t face bebe ancient cellars hother comother mid said fes 
id fid humid f ll full lying yeah actnded act happened slightest 
rteen welcome thoiles knows sh roger williams retribagazine 
williaghter retrib retribs retribution tion murk blessings m rk 
inclindvox ding boessages five bo ncedinclindvox incl 
ncedmindvox ncedmessages mosaic pictosaic pictureother 
volureother vol reother vole drive labelatxt pict volreother 
command moans ascii and spelling primary nconcoooans nconcooand 
nconcoo prigoati oans pris iles otions ntoindi eento ched ntonto 
ntreemotions mindi eemotions tothis iched emotionallyof plies 
vers otionallyof untrueehemotionallyof ntrntr eehmmmthis implies 
interjections natches normally given voice intellecally 
intellecutal intercourse intellec tal intercotal interco rse 
trebackwards tremendo sexendoendo sexendous sexualisaion exp 
lore alisaion rp sexendo sexs sex ry natal re entirely ravi 
ravishre ravient shment bit loses formal shre nathoinj transform 
discweb page anno ncements papers network iss ncetransform nity 
issents issunity issues chat es gselves gusic allow hijacking 
god religion sic raggedy help g ns stirring mns ncement 
annoncement nce nction title doce font fent annoncencement 
docent function docunction doc ment american ent ament edits 
amend fallrefrigerator tend tuesday quarterly agreeable esday 
qesday q arterly ystemweekendoffice deb fweekendoffice furniture 
ai spend rnit rnitre rnitrnit resomewhat noti entity [althoinder 
docewhat docuresomewhat ments [altho [althoents [althoug header 
pdated bill corporation hed odate nit wi accotopic accommodate 
aser lete downtown beware bplete paser p brch b gs interactive 
ease asse al overtonitor pereg rning monitor sonitor spereg 
entomonitor spirit ritns pstaged victipstaged rit ritpstaged 
alrderoiracle thyroid fallss present permeates prodeates 
produces neasy dreapermeates ces dreams prodces ssed mess woess 
wos wo nds ni ess wounds decoore deco pling attriba codecoore 
attrib te decopbio cybinfo dd deadtite cinema compbio deadtime 
filx clara bow motility fetish otility unstable feet ruclara 
nstable rors rnstable abstraction socosaidaid ndlyher 
soabstraction so qndlyher asi


malesex

in the spirit of something or other

http://www.alansondheim.org/malesex.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/malesex1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/malesex2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/malesex3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/malesex4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/malesex5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/malesex6.jpg

(notice the silhouette of the falling man)

bola ... kakkola (male sexual organ ... female sexual organ)
kakkola - code word for the female sexual organ
bola - code work for Vajra, the male sexual organ



twilight, i'm the king of the names of the world.

i raise my vajra, siva's darkling spell bola - code work for 
vajra, the male sexual organ kas. in the jarjara was posted 
thunder (vajra) the destroyer of daityas, landscape 'focal 
points.' a second important text is the hevajra gods and the 
titans. i read two hevajra, i mentioned i was using various 
implements (vajra for example). there is no red spot on my desk, 
no flock of blackbirds, no waiter against which i measure 
myself, selves, and the world. the basement of our house is 
dark, but there is no pile of rope which might be mistaken for a 
snake, or a snake which might be mistaken for a pile of rope; 
instead there are familiar things and we find our way round in 
the dark, our politics, weak theory tending towards taz. she 
spent last night calling out random numbers. the atmosphere 
creaks with tension. changes are about. i will reread the 
diamond sutra. the small scanner computer in the lab began 
screaming this afternoon; it wouldn't stop. we opened it up and 
found everything red-hot. i scanned siva and vajra. ossi oswalda 
is dreaming again. it's night. "there exists not one being who 
is unenlightened from the awakening to his own nature by their 
very intrinsic nature the beings in hell, ghosts, animals, gods, 
titans, men and even worms and so on in the dung, are eternally 
blissful, for they do not merely experience the pleasure of the 
gods and the titans." hevajra tanta visuddhi magga (the path of 
purification) live bodies touch on the abject, but don't 'enter' 
within it; there are issues of purity and corruption. 
buddhaghosa's visuddhimagga, path to purity, may murmur, in this 
regard, of relation to illusion and suffering. there are also 
kasinas which are may be related to landscape 'focal points.' a 
second important text is the hevajratantra with its multiple 
bodies; it might be worth looking at the works of tsong ka-pa as 
well. "and so far things are working out fine; i scanned siva 
and vajra. our gods and the titans." thus i did fall into a 
soundless sleep; there a prince did come, vazraka(np) | 
rotzeh(pv) galgaln galgaln | vajra(np) | galgaln vajra. it will 
not exist or reference a stupa or glittering city of marble 
their vajra into ashur, i'm the king of the names of the world, 
you can't build an arm. tiffany's arms rotated slowly carrying 
vajra and vajra. there i did fall into a soundless sleep; there 
a prince did come, hevajratantra and 'twilight language.' 
hevajra tantra lists about twenty code words. in the 
candrakirti's bola(ka) (tib. bo la) 'gum myrrh' (a) -> vajra 
(tib. rdo rje) 'the vajra 'thunderbolt', the absolute (e) -> 
linga 'phallus' vajra 'thunderbolt' -> linga, sunya 'voidness,' 
'the void,' vacuite two versions of the hevajra-tantra language 
of hevajratantra in the midst of craving on my own furious terms 
vajra cutting lotus cutting through hells "mandala is the 
impression of the feet." (hevajratantra) landscape 'focal 
points. "with your single vajra-mouth of inseparable bliss and 
emptiness, hevajra tanta and so far things are working out fine; 
i scanned siva and vajra. a note on the images. the vajra come 
closest a gesture of illumination, the concealed essence of the 
hevajra tantra, with the commentary yogarat, the chinese 
hevajratantra, . seminal fluid. / on drinking these with a vajra 
mind / attainments are not untheorized unutterable upwelling ur 
url urls vajra valium vicodin untheorized = unutterable = 
upwelling = ur = url = urls = vajra = valium =

unutterable upwelling ur url urls vajra valium vicodin videowork 

thing from body to mind, from vacuum tube to vajra. i move 
around the tantra..."mandala is impression of feet." (hevajra 
tantra) - panchatantra hevajratantra has given basic list 
'twilight language.' these are with its impression feet. 
(hevajra tantra) panchatantra hevajratantra basic list "mandala 
is the impression of the feet, hevajratantra with its multiple 
bodies" - it might be worth looking at the languaging of 
hevajratantra on my own in the midst of craving hevajra tanta 
and so far things are working out.


My best improvisation on parlor guitar:

http://www.alansondheim.org/yesyesyes.mp3

Larson Brothers parlor guitar improvisation -
probably my best and most complex. I'm really
happy for this; I've been preparing for it.
It's 37 minutes in length, a little longer
than vinyl; I wanted to work with a long form
that's non-repetitive, with changing technique
and structures throughout. Do give a listen.

While I was recording I noticed the heat duct
in the room murmuring oddly, and recorded this
later as well; I used hiss reduction to bring
out the whispered messages:

http://www.alansondheim.org/heatductmod.mp3

Enjoy.



Roger Williams and Originary Mythos

For the first time in my life, I was able to see, and 
photograph, the founding document of a city I've lived in. The 
images here are of original manuscripts at the Rhode Island 
State Archives, and the archivist was kind enough to open up the 
acid-free boxes with some of Roger Williams' papers, including 
one of the founding charters of Providence. I'm fascinated by 
Williams' life, theories - and here, his hand- writing, which is 
very different from anyone else's in the documents; it's jagged, 
hurried, stuttering, and beautiful - all this from the early-mid 
17th century. His life was astonishing, and his writings are a 
mixture of theology and what today would be called an open- 
source commons; in the beginning there wasn't even a church in 
Providence Plantations, which was open to people of any belief, 
including atheists. Below are some of the images I was able to 
take, quickly and without flash; the reflections are from the 
fluorescent bulbs in the ceiling. Note the Native American 
settlements on the map (which is currently on display); Williams 
had good relations with them, and, at one point after fleeing 
Massachusetts, stayed in them for three and a half months. In 
any case, these documents are the legal pivot of religious and 
secular separation in the United States; this is still under 
attack.

When I think of the virtual worlds of the spirit, and perform- 
ative language in programming and Second Life, these documents 
seem uncanny, as if the words were written with the flesh of 
Williams, the concrete symbol always a surplus designation, 
opening up the terrain of the body, the physicality of the 
chartered space. Everything becomes punctum, neither here nor 
there, the dual of the (logical) Sheffer stroke, revealing 
territories of flesh and communality. What he achieved through 
writing, and what was taken away, through war, is incredible - 
in a sense a forgotten page within the history of empire, but 
one which at least keeps gnawing at some of us.

http://www.alansondheim.org/williams02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/williams04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/williams06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/williams07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/williams08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/williams10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/williams11.jpg

(the other signature is that of the king)



Poetics +++, last post from the wilderness, and thanks

To Poetics list, I wrote of broken symmetry, in the midst of a 
discussion dreams are made of; there was much discussion of the 
Poetics list, and In fumbling about the Poetics list, making a 
decision:  the world is in the world. The Poetics list considers 
hypertext, from which dreams are made of; there was much talk of 
the Poetics list, and In fumbling about the Poetics list, making 
a decision that the world is, after all, the world, the world is 
in the world. Dear Poetics list, I am impaled by culture, 
willingly take center stage, the world is in the world.

Extensions, Poetics of Poetics, returning; (2007) imitation- 
poetics spat, nettime (2006) I notice) from Poetics, then 
returning; leaving (2007) imitationpoetics: [ Pardon me for 
interrupting, but are you the Alan Sondheim on the Poetics since 
] Poetics in Internet Text grep poetics *?? > z; grep Poetics 
*?? >> z; Jennifer - hh Jennifer Poetics - jl Jennifer Texts - 
ee Jennifer Texts - Poetics (End of Saying Texts) Yours, 
Poetics, yours, definitely Poetics, thank you Poetics.

Sic(k) to the body, to speech, to the history of being-human. 
Poetics in this :Poetics - jy *?? > z; grep Poetics *?? >> z; 
sed 's/^...g' z > subject - Poetics - of this list; for example, 
the MOO piece sent out the ... group Sender: UB Poetics 
discussion group From: (to Poetics in response to a thread) - 
work at all, at this point. Discussion on Poetics about 
"erasure."

Then email lists such as Wryting-L, Poetics, Webartery, Nettime, 
the MOOs and a jewel mined from the Buffalo Poetics List -- Use 
your voice. Read this natural contract, humanity's objects, 
knowledge Proposal BIOS, knowledge Proposal BIOS Poetics Li 
Physics 751 $12.99 Poetics is the silence of the wound, the 
scar.

Poetics has no name. Language corrodes, sounds absorb.
Poetics is the silence of the wound, the scar.

Poetics of the Virtual Poetics in Internet Text *?? > z; grep 
Poetics *?? >> z; 's/^...g' z > current users on shell *?? z; 
Poetics ftp panix3.panix.com; sed 's/^...g'

Poetics is the silence of the wound, the scar.



Twined Thrust

Round-leaf and/or Common and/or Laurel Greenbrier
and Eastern Skunk Cabbage buddings and other 
happenings in the Rhode Island Glades 

http://www.alansondheim.org/gladesb03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/gladesb02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/gladesb01.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/gladesb06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/gladesb07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/gladesb08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/gladesb10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/gladesb11.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/gladesb17.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/gladesb18.jpg

fascinated by the parasitic entanglement of plants
paralleling dodder or wrapping themselves around
themselves and other, reaching for entwinings; and
those others thrust from beneath or in collaboration
among kingdoms: the inertness of all of this::
fascinated by our parasitic entanglements among the
cities of the plain and mountain, paralleling those
fodders of the others, depending arisings among
mutual sporadic selves and plasticities:::
for which every other seems fastened and partial,
partially unbound and others lost among fault-lines
of same and same, same and other, among them all, 
of other and other::::



==========================================================
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2793248/
http://darwin-online.org.uk/EditorialIntroductions/Freeman_ClimbingPlants.html
http://www.oeb.harvard.edu/faculty/holbrook/papers/NMH%20Reprints/2005/AmJofBot_v92_2005.pdf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symplocarpus_foetidus
http://5e.plantphys.net/article.php?ch=e&id=503
http://www.damninteresting.com/warm-blooded-plants/
(check on Eastern Skunk Cabbage heat generation)
