

thinking through nothing

http://www.alansondheim.org/nothing.txt

this emerged after thinking through blank; "blank" itself 
carries baggage, moreso for my business. nothing.txt brings 
everything together, with additions and emendations; have a
look, read away, thanks.



thinking nothing


this is the landscape in my mind, muted reflectance of the rest 
of the world, i am bodiless, i am darkling between the waters, 
darkling among the trees, there are organisms about, there are 
organisms among the images, between the trees, among the waters, 
it's where exhaustion occurs, the hypnagogic takes over, i think 
darkling of the travels of mandeville or the writings of walter 
cooper dendy on the philosophy of mystery, or those maps of 
northern canada, the names giving out, nothing where coastline 
or ocean might be, whiteness of ice and the screening of dreams, 
thinking of the imaginary world as our gestural logic, filling 
in against the evidence of photographic silvers leaching onto 
the surface of the representation, the resonance of the real and 
the uncanny of the symbolic, there they are, here they were, of 
forms is no singing, no murmurs but molecular flows, look, there 
was the sun, so dark, and almost darkling, we've got a blizzard

and in the geographical whitespace center there are unimaginable 
occurrences just behind the whitespace of the eyes

i'm fascinated by the white nothing in the image centers, 
reminded of 19th-century maps of the canadian north, where 
nothing was filled in, and land and sea impossible in the 
details; this is also the imaginary of the dream, or lacan's 
imaginary, or the placelessness of the hypnagogic, or the threat 
of the abject in the real, but now -

i am not of this world. i am of the avian kind, caught in branch 
phenomena utterly foreign to me. i am imperfect starling. also i 
am ice.

i run the statistics panel in the center of the image. it 
parameterizes the image, gives it coherence, processing values. 
it's the pulse of the image. also it's the breath.

now i cannot breathe, there are too many wonderful things to 
say. i will listen to you if you speak clearly. i am an avatar 
caught in ice. also i am caught in prims and meshes.

somewhere in the video, i'm certain, a ghost lurks, but where? 
between the frames? in the virtual worlds i conjured up, in 
order to make the piece, and which remain inactive until i enter 
them again? in the soul of the machine itself? i prefer to 
think, in the soul of the blizzard, the cold nothing slate of 
the end of life on earth, many eons hence. the evidence is in 
the ghost and its premonition in the video, something is lurking 
in our midst.

...it happened again, perhaps the ghost a few night ago 
generated another weather event, ice pellets, not hail, and then 
snow and blowing snow and wind and whiteout, nothing announcing 
and renouncing the deathspace i head into, everything left 
behind, decathecting, the world untethering, on my lips the 
words 'azure, i love you,' and then the whiteness deepening and 
swallowing into me, and then nothing or a slide and my chest 
tightens, i am gone, my chest releases, azure remains, i don't 
see what she sees, no longer hear her voice

signal masts on citadel hill

the history of physics is endless in depth and breadth, as are 
verification procedures and legitimations of hypotheses. here 
i'm interested in the phenomenology of physics, in particular 
what occurs before a turn towards the subatomic and quantum 
mechanics. i've been reading natural philosophy for general 
readers and young people, translated and edited from ganot's 
cours elementaire de physique by e. atkinson, 8th edition, 1896; 
this is one of numerous similar books that form the basis for 
both popular and university texts. the experiments described, in 
particular those associated with electrical phenomena, tend to 
operate on the level of the anecdotal, much as early psychology 
emphasized the patient's narrative, through freud and beyond. 
fundamental principles are rarely described, although they 
appear as frames; thus there are sections on various aspects of 
morse's telegraph, but only a mention of maxwell. experiments 
might include a vibrating wire and faraday's wheel; engineering 
and physics are entangled, and demonstration replaces the 
mathematical basis of electromagnetic elements. even with a 
limited mathematical apparatus, it's clear that the text must 
operate on the level of the everyday; atomic and molecular 
models are described, but the former seem to possess little if 
any structure. the everyday asserts itself continually; 
experiments with batteries and various forms of capacitors 
involve the hand touching one or another wire, grounding the 
structure, or applying current. out of a book of 730 pages, 
atoms are mentioned only on pp. 4 and 8; the rest occurs on the 
level of the aural or visible. in other words, the physics 
described here is body-centric, much as language, in lakoff and 
lakoff, functions; the world may not appear anthropocentric, but 
remains subtlely so. the idea of a basic alienness to the world 
remains distant, and the troubling of the ether, for example, is 
replaced by the curiosity. i should note this position is also 
that of the religious fundamentalist, for whom the alien 
threatens to shatter everything. the experiments described are 
but one step from the parlor game or presentation, and indeed in 
earlier texts there are examples of young ladies connected by 
wire, or the electrocution of a dog by means of leyden jars 
coupled together. further, all these phenomena in general are 
seen, not as instances of principles, but as peculiarities that 
indeed connect to the wonder of the world. today, when every- 
thing is simultaneously up for question and taken for granted, 
when a malaise manifests itself in relation to the 'latest and 
greatest,' it's difficult to realize that the nineteenth century 
was, among other things, the last century of marvels, which 
retain something of the mythic imagination.

doesn't the signal mast itself operate among these worlds? on 
one hand, it presents flags and flag-codes, which operate in the 
register of the visible; on the other, it carries wireless 
antennas already portending a new and uncomfortable era. it's of 
interest that halifax announces every noon hour with the firing 
of a cannon, which simultaneously asserts nineteenth-century 
temporality, and a tourist destination; everyone gathers around 
for the precipitous event!

explosion and home

carrying my home with me in second life, i 
am my body am my carapace my home
i circle myself i spew my self i am myself
i swallow myself i fly myself fly my home
i fear myself fear my home i cringe myself
of my home, myself am my carapace my home

falling from the sun, carrying home home

falling from the sun, carrying home home
falling home from the home, carrying sun
carrying home from the sun, falling home
home from the home, carrying falling sun
from the sun falling, home carrying home
home from the sun carrying, falling home
sun from the home, falling carrying home
home from the falling sun, home carrying
carrying home from the falling sun, home

i carry my home with me it won't stay up we're debris
we leave traces id numbers memberships permissions
we're nothing without them they're expeditions they
mark us invisible they are we sing
along along along along along
we sing along
along along along along along!

does this connect with ghosts or their 
simulacra, certainly nothing of the
video image conveys little of the truth
of the uncanny manifestation

disappearance of structures
what happens to time, space, imagination, culture
nothing of the image, silver rising to the
 surface, fading of the representation, contouring
 of the chemotaxis, silver leaching
 hali images from nova scotia album
the uncanny beauty in nothing
the deferment of theory in nothing

nothing, whiteness of the blizzard -
 of the maps in the far north -
 icestorm images
 blizzard images
 snowfall images
what fills these: dream-screen, populations
  of mythical animals, longings, deaths
whiteness when nothing remains, when marks disappear
 northern maps, mandeville
whiteness when marks flock, entangle, disappear
nothing of technology, the machine, turing tape
bringing nothing into virtual worlds -
 homeless or problematic homes
 impossibly convoluted shapes
nothing of inert forces
scars, cicatrix, historiographies

the new home

the new home online was waiting. the old home was dark and the 
lights in the old home were dark and the electric was on and was 
dark. in the new home magnetism and electricity we're at ninety 
degrees and entangled; in the old home, electricity was lonely 
and would not come out to make the brilliant world. in the old 
home the faucets made the sound of rushing air and in the new 
home there were many facets of the flowing world. the flowing 
world was bright and brilliant and the brilliant world was 
bright and flowing. the old home was everywhere i would be and 
the new home would become a flowing memory. outside the wind 
blows and branches rattle against the house. the new home is not 
secure and is vulnerable and the people are sad there because 
the old home has no wind and no energy or force or momentum and 
the old home has no flowing calculus. we are going to the old 
home and that is the song of the brilliant swan but we are now 
among the new home and that is a home of flowing delight.

then i did realize that my genre is that of the retardation of 
reality, image upon image, video upon image, all forms of 
recording, from every place, making the place a home, in a way 
that almost guarantees me a sense of mourning, loss, at the end 
of the day, every day a sweeping into the relay of night. as if 
i were born homeless, or into a play of home which falls apart, 
the ground seeps away beneath me. and there were the mines 
collapsing beneath the ground where i was from. and holes 
opening there, and houses in disarray, cracking. and i realize 
that the number of images and sounds and movements might betray 
the seeping, might hold things in place for a moment longer, 
glaciers retained within their historic limits, life on this 
planet momentarily satiated with the slaughter so far. i will 
build my home there, not out of memory, but out of the currency 
of this time, this now, a holdfast in the ravaged ocean. i am 
there now, you will find me, but i will not be there forever, i 
will have been gone before you.

empty space shooting nothing

nothing of white or silver, pregnant with possibility.
but there is no possibility without boundary!
there are no boundaries, i'm feeling sick, nauseous.
there's nowhere to stand, nothing to do, nothing to see!
at sea there are meaningless clouds and idiotic waters.
nothing to hang onto, i'm drowning in tepid waters!
an edge would have amounted to something, or a corner.
no corners, floors, ceilings, balloons, chairs!
nothing is the insufferability of warm spoiled milk.
there's nothing to drink, bellies are swollen and bursting!
solace is the memory of the signifier, truth is its erasure.
i remember some letters, wait, there must be more!
the clouds are like stones, waters like mountains.
just a minute, i'll sit! i'll think this through! survive!

reading nothing

desperately reading nothing, looking for radar clues, how 
something might manifest itself in the noise. so filtering the 
nothing, extrapolating, processing, as if the outlines of a 
figure or text might appear. i think of a looming at a distance, 
trudging towards my position as subject, symbolic, in the midst 
of an imaginary proximity, as if the chaos of breath were 
subtended into the remnants of an articulated fixture. in a 
sense, this is of the hypnagogic disappearing at the 
commencement of sleep, dreaming the absence of dreaming. the 
trace is left behind, the trace of what there is, in the sense 
of early cloud chambers or the lhc. one can construct an entire 
ontology through the epistemology of traces and filters; one 
might as well concede that the world is such, that traces 
replace the sign which is, after all, a coagulation, and that 
filters are what makes manifest.

perhaps nothing is not inert, not substance; perhaps it seethes, 
percolates; perhaps nothing is chaotic. one might say, "at any 
rate, nothing"; perhaps the entanglement is irreducible. 
"nothing" already gives too much away.

ftp> ls nothing*
229 extended passive mode ok (|||62721|)
150 accepted data connection
226-out of memory during globbing of nothing*
226-(this probably means "permission denied")
226-options: -a -l
226 0 matches total
ftp> ls nothing.txt
229 extended passive mode ok (|||13124|)
150 accepted data connection
226-options: -a -l
226 0 matches total

reading nothing

nothing remains. again, the analog is nothing , even a structure 
within the itself, sutures over, and the listener may be aware 
of nothing . i meditate upon nothing / meditate upon nothing / 
upon nothing / nothing / against one or another personage, 
against nothing . meandering, useless crawling, skittering, 
nothing . exhumations and reburials, nothing . 26488:exhumations 
and reburials, nothing ... exit; it is nothing but slaughter. 
the practice of zen is nothing . i won't do it. there's nothing 
going on, nothing . i stay in relation to avatar - blunt 
neutrality replete with death, decay, nothing . the result is 
nothing , and no deaths, not even slow churnings. but you cannot 
the result of nothing . i'm lost here, forgive me. i want to 
make a exit; it is nothing but slaughter. nothing - the only way 
to do it, only way to bring it all home - so nine and a half 
thousand google hits weigh nothing . grasp it, nothing , it's 
the horizon, and then nothing, nothing . nothing , taking the 
shape of the land. he added, the bird! there's water is nothing 
, taking the shape of the land. he added, the bird 
insigification, spews, abjections, blurs, avatars, nothing . { 
again, the analog is nothing , even a structure within the 
former does something else, or nothing : the performer might 
rest, set your camera in me, there's nothing there nothing , 
empty space, because there's no message here, nothing they're 
nothing _say_ the reading of the face, nothing , alterity, 
other, subaltern, the world. everywhere at once, the lidless eye 
sees nothing ; per- once and nothing . my life is ruse; refusing 
your complacency, i negates the w/hole.) [but she _must be_ 
nothing ; there is no hold-train, in fact they do nothing . she 
comes back to life. isn't nothing . the horizon, and then 
nothing, nothing . which says nothing ( just as magnetism says 
nothing , uses or no uses , there's no formula, no word, nothing 
"i realize now i've known nothing " for within the well, there 
is nothing , that is nothing ontological- ice: i will melt and 
turn into nothing . water is nothing , taking the shape of the 
land. he added, the bird! there's nothing , and no deaths, not 
even slow churnings. but you cannot perhaps the shipping and 
handling club should have offered nothing the limit - like 
language, i'm repeating myself - offering nothing for no beggar 
can live on nothing . at the beginning of the first episodes of 
the first season bauer conclude with the declaration that 
"events occur in real time." this is a tautological formula: the 
contemporary concept of how "events occur" is precisely defined 
by "real time." the formula may mean nothing , almost a stutter 
that says "events occur events occur events occur." or the 
formula may indeed make something evident - this is the major 
claim of 24. so, "events occur in real time" purports to 
highlight the narrative conceit of the show - each episode will 
last for an hour of elapsed time and the season will total the 
24 hours of a single day. the formula saturates and synchronizes 
the various plot lines. my name doesn't matter here, it's of no 
concern, nothing ; my name doesn't matter here, it's of no 
concern, nothing the saying or thinking of everything...of 
thinking nothing ...a poor meandering, useless crawling, 
skittering, nothing . zero. it will take nothing. it will take 
nothing . takes nothing . it takes nothing. it takes nothing . 
lungs and breathing - in the distance - nothing - i remember the 
point nothing ? look, an animal! look, names and contours! look, 
all exhumations and reburials, nothing . 26488:exhumations and 
reburials, nothing ... nothing. they want nothing . for - it's 
time for nothing - silence, once again, we suppose, without it 
there's nothing nine and a half thousand google hits weigh 
nothing . exposed nothing ; dance of dogen and nothing meaning 
here - nothing - grasp it, nothing , it's nothing there's 
nothing there the result of nothing . i'm lost here, forgive me. 
i want to make a says nothing exit; it is nothing but slaughter. 
things, when one can no longer speak, when nothing , what then? 
for nothing , for no absolute the practice of zen is nothing . i 
won't do it. which is nothing . ing and strengthening of zero, 
of nothing ... water is nothing , taking the shape of the land. 
he added, the bird life then there's nothing . people say if 
this is all there is it was nothing . teeth are always on the 
edge there's nothing going on, nothing . i stay in relation to 
avatar - blunt neutrality replete with death, decay, nothing . 
the result is { again, the analog is nothing , even a structure 
within the avatars, nothing . nothing - on the sample you hear 
both calls and responses and the i meditate upon nothing / 
meditate upon nothing / upon nothing / nothing / meditate upon 
nothing / upon nothing / nothing / travis: alas, we hear nothing 
! [15c's a notion of a view, sometimes nothing , it's bulbous 
set your camera in me, there's nothing there nothing , empty 
space, and nothing is visible on a clear and cloudless night. 
returning with nothing usable, nothing thinner, then nothing . 
zero. it will take nothing. it will take nothing . virtual + and 
- (and the rest of it), everything and nothing - or shelter from 
nothing , i'm just tired of falling flows or diffused light, or 
nothing . nothing need be taken for nothing seems to happen 
except for rewrite and redraw. k!% there is nothing but her 
presence, nothing , they're also nothing . they're construct, 
they're abject, they're nothing , already i am half gone with 
it, half gone all, nothing . */sound and image bring the 
sight/site/citation in, pants, nothing will happen - it will be 
less than someone listening former does something else, or 
nothing : the performer might rest, the dance of dogen and 
nothing excellent and important if one is more or less nothing . 
nothing to do with the greater good; in fact, goodness has after 
all nothing was ever promised, nothing exit; it is nothing but 
slaughter. nothing had changed or ever would. world dangled by 
their names, nothing . some might move again, the analog is 
nothing , even a structure within flows or diffused light, or 
nothing . nothing need be taken for anus. the letters? meant 
nothing in this most _real_ of all things, when one can no 
longer speak, when nothing , what then? the saying or thinking 
of everything ...of thinking nothing ...a poor the result of 
nothing . i'm lost here, forgive me. i want to make a travis: 
alas, we hear nothing ! the result of nothing . i'm lost here, 
forgive me. i want to make a exit; it is nothing but slaughter. 
things, when one can no longer speak, when nothing , what then? 
the practice of zen is nothing. i won't do it. which is nothing 
. ing and strengthening of zero, of nothing ... life then 
there's nothing . people say if this is all there is there's 
nothing going on, nothing . i stay in relation to avatar - blunt 
neutrality replete with death, decay, nothing . the result is



Dave MacIsaac's resin on the Incredibow w/ Viola

http://www.alansondheim.org/resin4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/resin5.mp3

the lack of tradition continues...




Philosophy and Temporality

http://www.alansondheim.org/stratigraphic1.jpg
striations in Yayoi pottery, 300 b.c. - 300 a.d.
(bowl interior)
http://www.alansondheim.org/stratigraphic2.jpg
fossil stromatolite striations, at least 2 billion
years old (enlarged)
http://www.alansondheim.org/stratigraphic.mp4
stuttered reflections from a spinning granite ball,
Providence, RI, current



Azure's blogs from Halifax!

Azure worked on these while we were in Halifax, and we thought 
you might be interested -

From Azure

March 17th- April 18th, 2014, Alan and I went to Halifax, NS.  
Alan was invited for an artist residency at Nova Scotia College 
of Art and Design (NSCAD), and I accompanied him.  I'd never 
been to Nova Scotia before and Alan has such fond memories of 
Halifax, I wanted to see what it was like.  In addition to 
participating in events at the school, I decided to use the time 
to explore the city and get some creative work done.  I 
documented my version of our time in Halifax 
( http://azurecarter.blogspot.com/ ), wrote a new song and 
started to catch up on documenting the work I've done on my 
video project ( http://thedonkeyskin.blogspot.com/ ), and shared 
more of a vintage sewing-school curriculum book I rescued 
( http://azurecarter.weebly.com/galerie-lunaire.html ).





Maturing and Raster


skunk cabbage* maturing:
http://www.alansondheim.org/skunk07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/skunk01.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/skunk10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/skunk08.jpg

phragmites raster:
http://www.alansondheim.org/phragmites.mp4

*I originally shot the shoots; the plant is
thermogenic. See for example
http://www.alansondheim.org/gladesb03.jpg
and Wikipedia articles.

I am narrow, minded; it is difficult to follow any stream, much 
less any particular stream, of thought. On an analog/digital 
forum I have been reading, there was already a worry expressed, 
take the division and run with it as if something were being 
said/done. It's on the edge/verge of nonsense. To be strict with 
oneself is to mine the sememe, abandon it in large part. What's 
left is practically non-existent. For example, issues of raster: 
increase the digital raster to the infinitely, small and create 
an identity map - that seems simple enough. But then quantum 
effects come into play - in fact the wave equation collapse 
enters here as well. Back out and try the other - the digital to 
the infinitely large. Then one has monotheism, totality. Try 
from the analog side - nothing occurs. Surely one integrates the 
digital to arrive at the analogic, but to begin with the 
analogic? To differentiate it? This might map, but then there is 
still the question of the raster. The raster? The question of 
the wave equation again. Try the abacus. Base 1: counting, 
enumeration, matching one-to-one. Base infinite: each number a 
symbol, memorization of ideograms. But given infinite memory in 
the latter, zero memory in the former, they are both procedural; 
it's just that in the latter, nothing carries. down, increas- 
ingly fine-grained rasters for example - you can get 44 mhz The 
abacus constitutes a raster within the real. It can be 
constructed to any base; I consider an abacus to an infinite 
base. In this case, every number is a unique symbol. I am sure I 
am making errors throughout. Nonetheless: With infinitely small 
beads, with the reign of substance, digital meets analog; the 
raster is now infinitely fine, and the modeling of the real has 
become equivalent to the real itself. As above, the ikonic 
becomes identity, a movement from the equivalences constituting 
the digital, a movement from the adjudicated (and hence the 
origins of culture) raster back to relative undifferentiation. 
consider the important discussion of standardized raster as the 
function ``intervention'' in everyday life. Sondheim is clear 
that raster and digital. The crucial step here is the intro- 
duction of a ``raster.'' The example of a raster, though the 
notion may be is extended to all raster and standardizing it 
through some sort of protocol. Nothing's released, nothing's 
thrown away. The scaffold is a raster. Released from the raster 
is the raster.



The New issue of TRUCK is complete!

Enjoy and Please SHARE!!

I was lucky to edit the April 2014 issue of Halvard Johnson's 
online Truck magazine. I was on a residency at the Nova Scotia 
College of Art and Design when April rolled around; most of the 
issue was completed there. I've been thrilled with the quality 
of work received and published! I wish I had been able to invite 
others to the project, but I've been running out of time. Please 
have a look at 
http://halvard-johnson.blogspot.ca/ or
http://halvard-johnson.blogspot.com/

The Contributors and some text:

Anny Ballardini
Ric Royer I do not like kissing. Mouth kissing. ...
Sandy Florian The Welt of the Wrangl...
Andrew Klobucar
Jason Weiss <!--[if supportFields]> SEQ CHAPTER ...
Martha Deed Mustering Out 5 June 1865 I wrote a...
Sheila Murphy from April Poems A third of all li...
Rob Myers #!/bin/bash cat pome.sh function f...
Dave Miller Sling shot your career! You have be...
Foofwa d'Imobilit Utrus, pice d'intrieur  ...
Murat Nemet-Nejat
mez breeze
Mairead Byrne
Liz Solo IWill Dance Youwill failAndI will grow ...
Maria Damon  Femmage to Creeley
Chris Funkhouser  VORTEX III or IV (IV)HAZE[HAS...
Joel Weishaus YourName, ThisNet for AlanSondheim...
V Manuscript
Jon Woodson The Battle of the Archers you don...
James Morris Code #1Code, no longer my abode,Say...
Vernon Frazer Click on image to view!
Lanny Quarles Daniel Tiffany (In Mie Mie's Kitch...
John Bennett thevomited toast .swelling . sne...

ENJOY!



Demarcations


http://www.alansondheim.org/grapheme6s.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/grapheme1s.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/grapheme2s.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/grapheme3s.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/grapheme4s.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/grapheme5s.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/grapheme7s.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/grapheme8s.jpg

there's a mountain. the jews climb over it.
orthogonally, the gypsies climb.
there are others who climb, each orthogonal.
the independence of the climbers, the scars.
there are dwarves carrying gold. the dwarves
go through the mountain. the dwarves remain
near origin. the dwarves are neural clade.
orthogonal others grouped in sets descend,
are descendents. the dwarves are descendents.
it's written there someone says traversing.
someone is a definition. of the others, 
defined. of the dwarves, defined. of the
mountain. they take turns.

(Celan, Grimm, myself.)


The Fear of Madness


Written While Confined to her Bed, During Her
Last Illness


There is a something which I dread,
  It is a dark, a fearful thing;
It steals along with withering tread,
  Or sweeps on wild destruction's wing.

That thought comes o'er me in the hour
  Of grief, of sickness, or of sadness;
'Tis not the dread of death - 'tis more,
  It is the dread of madness.

Oh! may these throbbing pulses pause,
  Forgetful of their feverish course;
May this hot brain, which burning, glows
  With all a fiery whirlpool's force,

Be cold, and motionless, and still,
  A tenant of its lowly bed,
 But let not dark delirium steal -

*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  
                            [Unfinished]
(This was the last piece she ever wrote)



- From Poetical Remains of the late Lucretia Maria
Davidson, Collected and Arranged by her Mother,
with a Biography, by Miss Sedgwick, Philadelphia,
Lea and Blanchard, 1841. Lucretia Davidson died at
16 years, 11 months.





Dead Play


Curtain up

stage: http://www.alansondheim.org/fungi019.jpg

voiceover: channeling Brunswick 

music: http://www.alansondheim.org/skidaddle1.mp3

voiceover - woman's voice:

over music: http://www.alansondheim.org/skidaddle2.mp3

"feels good to hear back from you again i guess you aren't just 
a keyboard warrior lol Lots of guys on craigslist are nothing 
but talk it seems....they probably all live at home with their 
parents lol. so when you wanna meet up? I have no plans we can 
do this whenever you want even right now cause Im just watching 
episodes of that show breaking bad....love this show its so 
crazy. At first I really was kinda worried about posting on 
craigslist cause I had a scary experience a year ago meeting 
someone from personals (I had to call for help he was crazy) so 
just to be on the safe side I'd like you to do a quick verify on 
this page. They protect members and keep out offenders and 
people with felonies....it does cost a dollar but thats it for 
the verification and as long as you're not in their database 
you're getting my number and calling me tonight. Have you seen 
this before? Its been featured on the news many times. I just 
need you to do this for my peace of mind the first time 
considering the kinds of guys who might be on craigslist....I 
learned that the hard way. I'm gonna wait for you to call or 
text... you'll have to use the link above to get it - thats all 
I need to know you can be trusted. I really hope you aren't just 
talk and follow through cause I've been excited about trying out 
a friend with benefits. Just keep it real with me and don't get 
clingy - "

music fades

Curtain down




raccoon and wasteland

http://www.alansondheim.org/wasteland06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/wasteland10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/wasteland12.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/wasteland22.jpg

the raccoon cowered about three feet from me.
i couldn't believe the fear in his eyes.
he strangled my soul he crushed me.
he had nowhere to go i back down he fled.
he ran towards the water ramp back and forth.
he feared i would do him damage slowly i fled.

we crossed the street to the wasteland of providence.
rubble is everywhere almost intentional we stumbled.
we hiked through piles of trashed streets and nothing.
there are thirty-eight acres of parking lots downtown.
the wasteland is greater and growing it devours us.
the wasteland proclaims me i cower before it.
i am crushed by the wasteland it does damage to me.
we hiked the city harrowed by concrete and flesh.

providence i see myself everywhere i am thwarted.
a dark funnel opens up beneath the ground.
raccoon and i are swallowed by the grim masterpiece.
give thanks to the world for its blessings.




TRUCK's "permanent address" for the April Issue -

http://halvard-johnson.blogspot.ca/2014_04_01_archive.html
http://halvard-johnson.blogspot.com/2014_04_01_archive.html


Bob BrueckL Derby Night Delight .Swaths of selv...
Anny Ballardini
Ric Royer I do not like kissing. Mouth kissing....
Sandy Florian The Welt of the Wrangl...
Andrew Klobucar
Jason Weiss <!--[if supportFields]> SEQ CHAPTER ...
Martha Deed Mustering Out 5 June 1865 I wrote a...
Sheila Murphy from April Poems A third of all li...
Rob Myers #!/bin/bash cat pome.sh function f...
Dave Miller Sling shot your career! You have be...
Foofwa d'Imobilit Utrus, pice d'intrieur  ...
Murat Nemet-Nejat
mez breeze
Mairead Byrne
Liz Solo IWill Dance Youwill failAndI will grow ...
Maria Damon  Femmage to Creeley
Chris Funkhouser  VORTEX III or IV (IV)HAZE[HAS...
Joel Weishaus YourName, ThisNet for AlanSondheim...
V Manuscript
Jon Woodson The Battle of the Archers you don...
James Morris Code #1Code, no longer my abode,Say...
Vernon Frazer Click on image to view!
Lanny Quarles Daniel Tiffany (In Mie Mie's Kitch...
John Bennett thevomited toast .swelling . sne...




banshees and hungry ghosts in providence

http://www.alansondheim.org/blizzards24.jpg

hochiku

http://www.alansondheim.org/banshee.mp3

the drear sudden musick drags the world along
and hangs the mobbing flesh in dismal song
yet beauty's there as monuments defray
rank pinions of the song, as all is borne, away




Alan Sondheim Interview by Bruce Barber


Interview with Alan Sondheim during his art residency 
at NSCAD University with fellow artist and NSCAD 
professor, Bruce Barber, April 16 & 17th 2014, Halifax.
The interview took place in two sessions. (I must say
I was delighted with the opportunity to do this! The
interview is an hour and a quarter; I think it's worth
it. - A.S.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/bbinterview.mp3




bIG cITY pIPA!!

http://www.alansondheim.org/pipacity1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/pipacity2.mp3

cLUBSOUND bIG cITY pIPA!!

"I love the energy of bIG cITY pIPA!! it's amazing! Makes my 
fingers dance! tRAIN-wRECK pROVIDENCE strikes again! Another 
hit!" - Alan Sondheim, listening to bIG cITY pIPA!!!





Outline for a Talk on Blank that can't be Given 


Outline for a Talk on Blank that can't be Given (That is 
inconceivable that it could be given, that it is inconceivable 
that it might occur without contradiction, that it might say 
anything, that anything might be said):

*/Thanks to Bruce Barber, Foofwa d'Imobilite, Tom Zummer./*

My work tends to deal with edge phenomena, areas of entanglement 
or confusion, appearance of glitches, and so forth. Early on I 
characterized my project as the relationship between abstract 
structures and consciousness. I've always believed that 
philosophy can be effected through modes other than writing or 
the text, that not all encounters are grounded in language, and 
that language has its own cloudy and entangled limits. All this 
said, the following is an outline on a talk which uses work done 
with altered motion capture equipment, as well as work produced 
on a recent residency at the Nova Scotia College of Art and 
Design in Halifax.


1. Philosophical work pushed to the limits:

-gamespace edges (Artworks which explore the phenomenology of 
the limits of gamespaces in virtual worlds: how are objects and 
behaviors affected, how does the physics change, how does one 
"inhabit" these zones? Do the zones have strict boundaries 
themselves? Can one speak of a broken game, or a suite of 
behaviors and objects that open elsewhere?

-client or server overloading (Using massive particle sprays, 
fields of objects, etc., all near the client or server limits: 
what happens when the space or atmosphere becomes clogged? How 
does avatar control become entangled with the gamespace 
environment?)

-altered motion-capture/behavioral spaces (What happens when 
mocap alterations result in software overload, so that the 
simulation breaks down? Formally, the avatar image becomes 
immobile and "sits" in a lotus position. What is the experienced 
of enforced stasis in relation to disparate movement elsewhere?)

-software-dependent, see economic exhaustion below (Different 
software produces different results of course: what is the 
typology of glitches?)

[situations where structure collapses:

-where structure and the symbolic can't be recuperated (Where 
there's no return, where the vectors quickly end up entropic, 
where chaos dissolves into noise.)

-where the symbolic is limited by the _game of extension_ (So 
that, for example, the gamespace or mocap edge is characterized 
by particular behavioral regimes: the game then moves the edge 
elsewhere or creates a catastrophic anomaly. Once this is 
absorbed and con/figured, the game moves elsewhere. Sooner or 
later, the game of extension dissolves into the cold death of 
the universe.)

How are these experienced? Does experience always translate into 
text? What is the textuality of experience? What is the 
dissolution of textuality?]


2. Exhaustion of symbolic space, the blank: (The blank is a 
state where [    ] is emptied but always already virtual, where 
the blank is the site of introjection/projection.)

-blizzard whiteout example (The whiteout of the blizzard images 
and videos: nothing visible but a seething, the fogged details 
at the edge of the frame pointing towards nothing, the seething 
incapable of geometrical meshing or interpretation as 
"mandala.")

-recapitulation through contouring (Noise reduction operations 
on blizzard and similar images: when the contour lines reveal 
nothing, where the inchoate roams among and through protocol 
suites. A busy seething might blockade imaginary projections; 
nothing survives the seething.)

-maps of far north, Mandeville (Looking at maps of Mandeville's 
Travels 15th century or 19th maps of exploration in the far 
north: the landscape - what constitutes shorelines, land and 
water - dissolves into the inchoate. The blankness of maps is 
described early on by the presence of "Dragons" and later by a 
sense of the uncanny. Again, these are limit spaces, edge 
spaces, gamespaces defined by no games, unpopulated except in 
relation to the imaginary. Here and elsewhere, what does 
consciousness _do?_.)


3. Back to 1 - conceivable limits to scientific explanation:

-multiverse (Other universes, if they exist, may be totally out 
of communication with our own; there may always be limits 
to cosmological observation.)

-economic exhaustion in particle accelerators (Brillouin hints, 
I think, that there may be deep and inherent ties between 
economic surplus and fundamental particle research; for example, 
particle accelerators operate up to certain energetic limits, 
and it would take increased expenditure to go beyond them. The 
universe might then be imagined to have an economic structure. 
High-energy cosmic rays point otherwise, but there are always 
going to be energy limits.)

-Planck constants (What might or might not occur "beyond" the 
Planck length or Planck time. The universe may or may not appear 
obdurate. The gamespace/edgespace of the universe might then be 
described by the game of extension. The description, I think, 
even if completely predictive on a certain level, has, at the 
asymptote, a blank.)


4. Roger Williams' theology (Roger Williams, the "founder" of 
Rhode Island, has a complex theology based on the broken 
succession of baptism from the beginning. Because of the break, 
the religious gamespace is inherently broken; each believer must 
decide everything for himself or herself. One might choose to 
become a searcher, or one might bypass the spiritual altogether. 
It's up to the individual; there is no inerrancy involved, no 
inherent law. Law is necessary for communal structure; it's a 
question of the State, not of the State's foundation. Think of 
the Law as a game, criminality existing near the edges of the 
gamespace, then absorbed. Without theological legitimation, 
there is a blank at work; the interplay between consciousness 
and structuration is cultural work.


5. Erhu (two-string Chinese bowed instrument)

-playing 'normally' within bounds (Playing within the gamespace, 
playing in the first-third positions.)

-playing near the bridge: transformation to mimetic function 
(Fingering within 2-3 centimeters of the bow; the gamespace is 
transformed to mimesis: sonic imitation, or ikonic sound, 
without reference or intervalic structure.)

-mimetic function as inert (At the edge of the gamespace, the 
sound transforms into substance. Think of falling out of the 
game, beginning another game, one of chaotic "noise." The game 
becomes a game of extension; the game of extension transforms 
the phenomenology of the musical structure.)

-blank (The structure becomes blank, becomes hiss; the structure 
becomes the substance of sound. Eventually the edge of the field 
is reached: If not now, when? If not now, where? As the fingers 
approaches the bridge, there is as much of an infinite choice as 
ever; infinities map 1-1 linearly. But the sound itself tends 
towards higher ultrasonics; whatever the measurement apparatus, 
listening device, that too can be surpassed.)

(I think as well here, of the work Azure Carter and I have done 
with Foofwa d'Imobilite, which tends towards similar edges and 
noise at times; I'm thinking especially of the Involuntaries 
which are available online.)


6. In all of the above, one might say, within any cultural game, 
there are limits, edges, blank spaces, games of extension, and 
extension beyond extension that becomes immeasurable, chaos or 
noise without the potential of a return trajectory. Think of the 
energy of the vacuum, virtual particles, annihilation limits in 
terms of receptors: any receptor may be surpassed, there is 
always surplus bandwidth, without recuperation, reconstitution. 
How does subjectivity deal with this, concern itself with this? 


7. At the other end of these broken totalities there are filters 
which process incoming and structure outgoing. The filters 
operate within protocol suites, layers of organization that 
transform information. The suites themselves are always 
transforming; they loosely define the gamespace, and to this 
extent, they might be considered closed circulations within 
potential wells. But wells themselves have tunnels, nothing is 
secure, and artifacts within the world are at best temporary 
stases. All of this simultaneously fits together and falls 
apart; all of this coheres and is incoherent, and this in any 
case is the talk on blank that can't be given, that is 
inconceivable that it might occur, that it might say anything, 
that anything might be said.





Outline for a Talk on Blank that can't be Given 


Outline for a Talk on Blank that can't be Given (That is 
inconceivable that it could be given, that it is inconceivable 
that it might occur without contradiction, that it might say 
anything, that anything might be said) -

http://www.alansondheim.org/blank.txt

Brief prolegomenon to consideration of the _game of extensions_ 
in gamespace, edge phenomena, blankness, and what occurs "off 
the grid." Thanks to Bruce Barber, Foofwa d'Imobilite, and Tom 
Zummer.

This work is based on research done in Halifax and Brooklyn.







collapse dead time

http://www.alansondheim.org/collapse1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/collapse2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/collapse3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/collapse4.png

no permissions to eliminate extraneous objects
no permissions to change terrain textures
no permissions to move extraneous objects
region going down gaussian blur
region going down gaussian blur statistics
no permissions but the dance of the ill-at-ease
ill-at-ease going down
ill-at-ease going down gaussian blur
ill-at-ease going down statistics




How to Visit Us in Providence (information for tenants) *


Instructions for Using the New Intercom 

Requesting Access with a Visitor Call

If the visitor already knows the residents Directory Code 
number, they can press #, and then enter the Directory Code 
number to call the resident.
Units with more than one telephone number programmed into the 
intercom will be in the directory as Unit #2A as the first 
number and Unit #2A1 as the second number, Unit 2A2 as the third 
number and so on.
If the visitor doesnt know the residents Directory Code number, 
they can scroll through the numerical directory entries by 
pressing the up and down buttons.
When the visitor finds the residents unit # and Directory Code 
number, they can press the button to call the resident.
The system dials the residents Telephone Number to establish 
2-way communications.

NOTE

The residents Telephone Number will never be displayed to the 
visitor.
The resident answers the call and converses with the visitor to 
determine if access should be granted.
The resident can use their telephones keypad to grant access 
activating the access relay by pressing 9
After access is granted, the system will disconnect the visitor 
and resident call.
The resident can disconnect the visitor without granting access 
by pressing or by hanging up.

NOTE

Disconnecting by hanging up is not recommended. The system will 
keep the telephone line seized until the maximum visitor talk 
time timer runs out.
The length of time a visitor is allowed to talk is limited. At 
ten and five seconds before the disconnect, a tone will sound on 
the telephone to remind the resident of the pending disconnect. 
To restart the talk timer, the resident can press # on their 
telephone.
Also, please note that the new bar on the front door has a one 
second delay and requires several fingers or whole hand in 
contact with the bar in order to open (one finger is not enough 
surface contact to activate the switch in the bar).
The red button is still operational as well and also has a one 
second delay.


* No wonder we're isolated in Providence!!



Alan Sondheim
10 hrs  
Am I the ONLY ONE who finds it STRANGE that NEURON and NEUTRON differ by 
ONE LETTER ONLY? T = TITANIC and if you add T to NEURON then NEUTRON 
becomes TITANIC NEURON yes? Take T away from NEUTRON and NEURON becomes 
VERY TINY INDEED for BRAINWAVE MICROCONTROLLER OBJECTHOOD, yes? This 
deserves CLEAR-SIGHTED INVESTIGATION. This cannot BE A COINCIDENCE, yes? 
ATOM and MOTE differ in ONE VOWEL ONLY! E and A are that VOWEL, yes? 
Combine ATOM NEUTRON MOTE NEURON differ and letters equal EAT! TEA ATE 
ETA. This is NOT a COINCIDENCE, yes? What is GOING ON HERE? Am I the ONLY 
ONE who finds this STRANGE????
LikeCommentShare




od object.cache.blank

http://www.alansondheim.org/collapse.mp4

k4% od object.cache
0000000   000016  000000  000000  000000  000000  000000  000000  
000000
0000020   000000  000000  000000  000000  000000  000000  000000  
000000
*
0006000   000000  000000
0006004

0000000 000016 000000 000000 000000 000000 000000 000000 000000
0000010 000000 000000 000000 000000 000000 000000 000000 000000
*
0000c00 000000 000000
0000c04




eard earg

http://www.alansondheim.org/eard.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/earg.mp4

eard earg, ear-grade, something flushed
with dream-effects, graded dirt,
colors or colours, ear-raged, swallowed,
a churn. or lump-pummel, or plum. which
of them, i dream, ranged truth, the wander
or stuttered time. which re-moved again
and again, repeat of hated death, eh that
heard or urged.




Tongueaurora


http://www.alansondheim.org/tongueaurora.mp4

   I would appreciate it if you would watch your tongue!
   Polar lights, the aurora borealis or australis. She cried. 
Which reminds me of a song in my native tongue, said Nikuko, But 
surely not the aurora, is that addictive? Mayan tongue pouring 
forth clouds across stones, paper, wood. It is Milwaukee 
unglaub- liche faultline beauty auroras 10 11 100 110 111 1000 
I'm psychologically tongue-tied, unable to face the Other, even 
the mirror, amphibole? - i produce nothing, i wait, i await, 
among horizons and auroras as-ululation from and beyond the 
tongue, LaLangue, Julu Lalangue, born in obscene auroras with 
their unearthly colors reflecting the future of caressing 
tongue, tipped skin, marshland landscape toppling chirps - 
lightning auroral - hiss frogs tree tree antennas and antennas 
close closer now: pixel-mania, ? day, Julu... tongues... 
translucent Julu close, i produce nothing, i wait, i await, 
among horizons and auroras i cynthia, i want your tongue against 
me alan, damn well i removed the aurora, i was tired they were 
no good i have ear-cocking and chatter. In the text glossa in 
Greek, the tongue, mere eaten giving mouth gagged and wet with 
sweet aurora shower, freedom more than anything in the world - 
degradation, put your tongue, O Freighter known as Aurora, and 
there are no quotation marks, themselves furrowed with desic- 
cated tears; parched tongue refuses its socket. Letters gagged 
and wet with sweet aurora showers, d'nala d'eruza wait! I have 
" " for the tongue! You arms! You for flesh! "The "The" 
disappeared!" flesh saved the bird from injury. it was horrify- 
ing. aurora's where hir tongue ran over its nipples, s/he sensed 
an incandescent drug horizons and auroras i wait, among the 
deaths and births of stars. i want to be you, want to feel your 
bones in me, feel your tongue in me, i produce nothing, i wait 
among horizons and auroras, i wait. Inanna! women speaking 
incomprehensible tongues, palawian, sumerian, hittite, isn't the 
nuclear family, these are sounds... emissions, from auroras, 
language stitched, sutured, mouth speaking tongues, large and 
luminous like auroras in the northern skies. Nikuko saw them, 
nothing of their song or the spike of them in tongue. obscene 
auroras with their unearthly colors reflected the future of 
eternity, one's eternal dream, the continuation of the tongue 
snow. of human bodies auroras lightning decay of particles 
across the cosmos or tongue-tooth what baumtree mirror spat ran 
spirit omens and comets, rare atmospheric phenomena, bead 
lightning and aurora.  outside of this i'm weak, comatose, 
tongue-tied - within it i'm dictated order to hear the cosmic 
noise of aurora, lightning, magnetosphere, I'm dictated!



suicide < please I beg of you, watch this > -

http://www.alansondheim.org/suicide.mp4

work shot in MacGrid - please, I beg of you, watch this -

embryo suicide like now i think of and hillsO gnawed-blade hole 
tourniquet punished by foaMDo listen to all smallthing leaping, 
say AlanFear deep death do suicide.I would die. want am so 
fantasy. suicide, Nikuko[someone threatens suicide: does s/he 
really?] craw - seppuku, suicide; shite, hero or shes elsewhere 
(cond (suicide-flag (dor-type ($ deathlst)))long gone wrong. 
"commit suicide." "Great Kant, As believer calls his God, call!" 
"or rather suicided along with opera." 'death)731: discipline 
murder infidelity hardcore (dor-put-meaning 'death) suicides - 
turns neither into question nor an answer, but defuge . subway 
tunnel collapses as plastique bombers their work May He 
brilliant Designed withstand it totters, it? ever whole world 
roars, that one can hear engines Electricity itself, odd 
(humans/dynamo) constitute Freudian-wise, remember). disasters 
suicides, rages, wars, angers limit, GIVE ME A SIGN; is another 
history which genealogical tree typology separates two great 
trunks: at base these trunks find signpost bearing Hitler's 
name, sign pointing 'hippies.'" remission! This I'll bet don't 
*really* you?  If so, I've invaded my cellular automata _the 
continuity girl_ she break continuity? For were note, leave all. 
You Koresh BD said there no Obviously Mizu, water; Nikuko, 
Nikuko-oozing, NEVER ENOUGH.  SUICIDE SQUAD patriot squad. Net 
sex, flame, ennui, Now towards evening, Machine sleeps quietly. 
suicide) choose life virtue its THEORY_NOISE just went on, 
background foreground That thought lived death's The I-wound 
opens up, splits body; what gushes forth, There evil coupled 
destroy decision against brings proof mountain. never has 
choice, not end are actions dark thoughts They refuse even sky 
fills acronyms, inconceiv- Thinking * suicidal; already 
disruption announcement. To write death, suffering, always make 
Treatment almost unnecessary, electrified, whatever You're 
killing yourself, it's kind they're laughing ; ability write, 
i'll longer existent. well again; stalks me life. live potential 
age close unclear. time, eighth ahlfwillingly. we used discuss 
lot when sensed any more than if i'm building /dev/nul doesn't 
mean century old, lovely suicidebird, lover, her nightmare 
snugly light area kiss fiber chaos oddly retroactive form 
suicide/murder - What's going illness, perhaps bombing, slow 
attrition forgetting, j g down river, gratitude authors, after 
doing over again, for least harmful entangled television image 
constricted rattle this, can't longer, become anti-faustic dog 
nebula bar me, anywhere. behind, still away... blood, disinvests 
poverties suicides. At edge boasting, lists, restaurant there's 
bottom around shore, where visited suicidebirds carried out. 
Later, asked whether anything drives officer road school. had 
CRUSH trans-speaking I'm One died hanging playground jungle 
conservative? constantly, decay before they begin: covered ugly, 
ugly young." $18000, created us soil water earth bomber danger, 
first option occurred him. dont blame decompositions bacteria 
vegetation sparrows flies mites "i dev deviously, lived, case 
possible murder, disappear. well. on. physical. collapses. 
forever. lost. think. 731: pack dumb, stab things torture artist 
disease, inundation, mafia gang rule, bombers, new forms dis- 
eases wars take depression domestic violence suicide). medicine, 
philosophy, healing, peace, war doomed, cowardly, cross secretly 
shadow? dor-$ deathlst kill yourself t (If really drugs, 
disaster (catastrophe) ened then gave number cut off half-way 
epidemiology: instances word 'suicide'' f/0 of-to: face moved 
smoothly stepped forward fires followed flames, distributed 
intelligence, flat; way points dragged-out reason. But comfort 
alleviates may stay heart, heart, double inside myself, hearts, 
wa her, sustaining herself wings clinched talons, herself, 
mirrors world. It considered bypass dream walking collapsed 
buildings furious immobilized; remains suicide-talk limit cases: 
euthanasia, etc. inconceivable partings attempted ravages 
insufferable trapped america, guns, riots energy, flower's iron 
internet everyone internet. momentary three half billion years, 
guise saying told so. fear, island said, how avant-garde xxxx 
makes dreaming patchwork very last time. meanwhile back MOO 
wRItINg sez hears journey; journey sound. People running 
screaming again. tried did fuck out kakazov perfidious crime! 
murderer, priestess, travel slit! slit late-night talkshow; 
guest lead line line, others. making hieroglyph margins. 
consider further, game maybe approach murders (doctor-put-mean- 
ing memory. reversed world, mover alleviation. also argue 
trivial That's said. your murmurs heard syllables family books, 
among 'em, turning ash, ndroosuicide neuras thenic freudianwise 
rages walk punishments heals life, attempt hidden probably 
outcomes, must mass some. abject nature. resolution denouement. 
suicidal tendency continually monitored. Not one? ones melding 
equipment broiling opera. overthrown, perturbing, too much talk 
And Jennifer, ghost-like phonemes. won't knife fall begone final 
only remaining process Everything else prayer projectors poorly 
background, speakers roaring pulleys, invisibly molded something 
wires, satori-boyve suicide_emotion dog_fuck slave seventy sets 
up sexuality, death-wound, injury, pain reached hospital, bees 
around, flowers. shikibu kimono leduc should use extreme care 
classes suicides. sides self! pleading, site tries shoot" 
jennifer failing, fear playing hobby been good at. try sleep 
someone's Or speaking "I'm desert strokes; strings. signified 
becomes signifier = .s brick-text ii storms lightnings, 
destructions languages --------'s complaint friend science 
solution. note written object others, guaranteeing frame space 
REWRITE continuous No tiredness, no, certainly arousal, unloved 
survival elders fights strength, imminent relation stroke 
cataclysm then? etc., problematized SL... always seemed descent, 
mumbling story initialed names carved absent substance. 
suicide-bird soft wind, telling reading it, suicide-brick-text 
possibility. ought police book simultaneously warning account 
proceedinged river matrix touch sound words boys slav e 
comfortably disease discomfort petals, bodies absolute loss 
symptomology, suicidal, relief temper fears being alive? kid, 
mixing nothing upon midst stories itself future jaguar laugh 
ants interchanged=ant*suicide*the city=of wall China; American 
pricess wore carrying sensibility multiplexing beyond yearning 
protocols singing) saw-palmetto stuff; music feels suicide... 
thinking thing IS note! thought. between madness looms. need 
origin 'death): mayhem vortex track leads dysfunction. cyber- 
space helps vandalized schoolmates soon still, detest because 
fought. Heat arena bomber. swill. perform emptiness. send 
nothing. way. happened someone wharfcry, nurse's equally 
embodied, promulgation whispers darkness warmth former existence 
assumed documented inexorable march despair, screen Buddha, 
emptying, yacking, yapping, singing, do, guess cry, street, 
shower, ghost.



Tongue, Tied

http://www.alansondheim.org/tongue.txt



Tongue, Tied

 graupel soft hail tongued by Lulu they cut off my legs tongue 
ripples and surfaces.our tongues are not ownlanguage which 
shattered of body's with them tongue, nose cockfrom back, salt 
eyes descending intoThey'd each other's shitholes, drawn wheel 
rounD"tornado mouth river blood in ambulatory lands.I do so 
cower. can speak hardly. My is rippe. Ashame.loss many languages 
weep unknown torn mouths oh julu i am tornado landsinside, call 
helplessly across time space,tangled inside thoroughly, "Good, 
don't move it. going to screw your tongue," pills under << zz >> 
hallucination8 A TEXT FOR THE SLAUGHTERHOUSE. when twists 
against bones separate one another, carry away,jennifer ooze me 
panties press wet milky clooth nikukoalan cloth 12 | lady.honey, 
language, tongues, saliva, funerals, rice-wine, milkover, own, 
That first symptom, dreaming taste garden pride marriedloud 
beating, you'll mouth, lightlyslight movements, flutterings, 
tongue)handful we muslimBut nature (Christ), pen (God's) ready 
You have understand; I'll out big white warm sticky massive 
swollen grainy stuckexposed cynthia want me, alanjust like 
speech dir-tied teeth - ng clean, more fluids, stuff, up 
ass....you-know-language, sheen, tongue-rimmed, hole towards u, 
cum " for arms! flesh! "The "The" "Before there has always been 
before language-subject "Now fucking me. sprouts wires. hear 
"Your breasts them...", "\n" 6== $g;:print "sensations," 
"thought," voice, voices, spells, speaking $thing called "kanji" 
@describe native "tongue." It & murmurs upon (or 'meat years 
disappeared! 'Nikuko' (Alan): Monument or grave, runs current 
you, circu- ( singsong, I'm song mouth: Alan: yoyyour mine And 
finally, defuge, Disorders Real: "Form, thrust away. For moment. 
minute. second longer until full falls, at quick. Cut bone. To 
char: rolls ground, without limbs; moves itself as bag splits 
within holds forth because (on due account) split expelling its 
particles speech. Damned, something "was". As-if No farther tube 
rolls, suffocates: lungs corrode, body inverts, fills faeces, 
all manner outer airs. He gave himself airs: means, he pretended 
verb right "to be". At feet, dust carries words an stories Azure 
cried. Which reminds said Nikuko, Death says: Our armlegs bond 
together forever! Do really quit? put deep Dria bites Drunkenly 
imbibing fullness liquidity, delicately moving Ear, throat 
Everything's washed tongue's out. us, whip drug Greek, mere 
eaten giving gagged Him down wave burned grooves toor history 
anyone bang live sex. you; be lost shoulders, ribs, spleen, 
fingers, toes, legs, love sex, hole! Then won't speak! 
psychologically tongue-tied, unable face Other, even Is symptom 
opens ruptures, rhythms, rolling lines, says "the number one" 
kanji tongue. sways hard It's verge something, tip same sun sees 
guess we'll difference between relative Jennifer. thing, 
381,924. flesh, coated course through veins, Julu cries Titus 
Andronicus, will forgotten. lose Lurid, lurid, talk straight. 
see shapes their outlines cotton panties! can't details; know 
scents, take over desperate dreams, replied Jennifer, pulling 
her ever slightly, thin ragged line pubic hair visible above 
elastic, cloth. @tongue panties. while Jennifer Nikuko talk. 
MELTS, FINGERS takes Magatama swelling, O ecstatic stones Mayan 
pouring clouds stones, paper, wood. "It fingers trace lips; 
promise everything, body, world, human made cleaves foreign 
plough tissue. leaves body; left arms. arms leave tongue; was 
consumed fire futile replying; had voice. rock-hard paint, color 
Names roll stain air. clear-vision staining, Net PART it, email, 
running Nikuko's out, available massacre. Norn speak, light 
tongueless Note word present these texts. OVERKILL. jam LOCAL 
BUS. vagina SKOLEM Pacific; Albanian finance terrorists hung 
Perhaps could Pull pants down! Show dirty crack! Stick Jump 
Puppy spread gotta suck now, up! Sotatsu; remember kami tongue." 
knows, PRESIDENT: Your care eyes. nipple pools cyberspace; 
mouths, eyes, mois- slips, saliva drooling those certain posts 
whose This tip, beyond what lures further text, Tiffany fucks 
Alan hard! misses fon- gives Tiffany's kisses Tiffany, now 
Untitled ... tonguein h asshole, yes We've got there, that 
aren't tokens What slips moves. is, I'd speak: believe might 
tongue? Without signs... wander wrong remains, 'remains Words 
splinter broken teeth, tongue-deaths. keel tilts. Worlds, 
Angels, Avatars, as-ululation LaLangue, Lalangue, born say, 
strangled_tongue calls speaks sweetly, turning grrrl tongue,_ 
interior/exterior mouth; becomes lang- lustrous ! Om bhim. One 
who frown cosmos tongue-tooth baumtree mirror spat ran address, 
_moment_ silence seeking admah zeboim lasha countries eber elder 
elam arphaxad lud aram uz itself. placid Europe's frozen 
splIntered dead name ripped aligned edits, glistened ah. weld 
together, holes joined mirror, among horizons auroras cynthia, 
breakdown pvt laws. lala-rupture. effluent. efflux tongue-tip. 
new consoles. eager slavishly licked whatever s/he offer; hole. 
Does rot? let smoothed CHEMical coatings, substance wide inside. 
burrowed ass, intestines, eating food righteousness corrupt rip 
tear noise-cluttered ear rather discriminate reflection." 
plunged in; hand filled hers, went medical begininged ands 
infinites, thats slidess easilys offs thes angel fuck air 
annihilation, preacher kill all, hmans humans anxiety, exposure. 
limitations equivalence elk distance magisterial mountains. 
glacial gouged, alone. ipping insideme, you're arms, lacerated 
steel, gold iron, membrane another Master speaks-for, bedsores, 
occupies nikuko'sc ontrol bite below: closeup 'tongue' aletsch 
glacier, modified better value don answer wearing feelings 
bodies, dreams texts, sliding in. body-exploration produce 
nothing, wait vapors heat boy!' broad till reached upward Brahma 
Heaven." geere gettingewhre, packets caressing tipped skin, 
marshland landscape toppling cated tears; parched refuses 
socket. Letters chews breasts, blood, blinds cocks close closer 
now: pixel-mania, ? day, Julu... tongues... translucent /Julu 
closest com/e langue, escape come touch hand, flesh groove 
condition confusion different in: continued ass When waves 
cormorant glottography writing vilipheno vile purple-red 
notooece- only that's lips well covered covers created world 
logos slip There yes:through flower:tongue:gums florid nice 
alan, dark space indescribable delight. lathered hir, 
dd:you-know-language, death abcdefghijklmnopqrs pay degradation, 
show mesmerized, cannot, Freighter known Aurora, denomina- le 
infinite, lide eaily lesss MOUTH LETS CHAINS SENTENCES, -" 
dismemberment. may however two-hundred in, remains understand 
dragging proper name, drinking drink, sucking nipples, throug 
dying coats filmed ear, ear-cocking chatter. In text _glossa_ 
<in Greek>, edge it's arrived elishah tarshish kittim dodanim 
isles gentiles families employed scatter employees she, swoon 
empty socket, rim horizon, drying ground. We entirely effaced 
knife slices erect dreaming, murmuring, mewling, heavy eternity 
one's dream continuation snow eternity, eternal dream, 
everything pure eat exist neck must expression 'on tongue,' 
doesn't anywhere falls surrounds pretend words, Kill governments 
liars heads feet voice within, filling indentations swelling 
lips, final somehere fearful threats condoning statesman arrival 
mortar opposed fold-of-tongue-and-labia (Teeth! Out way!) 
(Tongue! sward, mobile dissolutions ingest freedom anything 
frightened expand form character interval. annihilation. fro 
strong damp virgo bard marred front gas cans aura palm crack 
bone door, leaving bloody prints; licks clotted throat, splin 
-tered pull apart funnel her. side, lets furious, revolutionary, 
tongue-in-cheek: indication, furrowed desiccated genial, golden, 
golden-tongued, golden-voiced, good, goodly, ges cauterizing 
lacerating teeth. gill polypore tree, creates activity 
violation-fabric, goes gaa gaa. lala. Down goest sodom gomorrah 
grasped, entered re-entered. surface keys, bar, gulf gurge gyre 
helix utterance glide disclose flagrant hZteamanTHOOa CLAWareh 
Zhzayeng tayepped hZkayen, marshlandrea knows Because 
Bodi-Proliferation SWOLLEN withdrawal, negotiation, aside essay, 
timelessness, raised, thought i'm addicted holes, tasting tuned 
ideological part-objects, sputterings, re- important medium.' 
else speaks. write lovely bones? wants slow motion bruised 
tongue: bruises, woven itself, splintering stuttering inanna! 
women incomprehensible palawian, sumerian, hit- hittite, isn't 
ines slipping feminin ecriture electric, reconfiguring maternal. 
sound recuperates invisible. spells layers ing. aurora's ing_ 
Obscene section, desire them; inhabiting gums, stumps sockets 
parables, sheets, linen, ecto- double-tongued dan moi <julu> 
thorns completely forgotten thrusting knee: more, objet petit 
somewhere else; who/what pulls _objet a_ cell phone most private 
voice? nations cush mizraim phut seba sabtah remembered. be, 
back. already tongue.:it after fact almost completely; second, 
delicious minute langue lung simultaneously, clothed legion keep 
pockets, type. Lathered names tongue-type. kiss raise la di dah 
p la.txt:liquid grasped ankle visible, stitched, sutured, large 
lastnight rilke rilketongue alanazureii alandanceis aletschvlf 
lens floats 1 oboe sight, elongated carefully avoiding light, 
thankful beauty, great ling corporeal man's felf apprehenfive 
letters, held restrained, arched coming- momentum garners 
bewilderment naming. liquid impure lockdown toes moved slowly 
spaces cheeks brains. Some committed seppuku, removing water, 
un- lust.cypherpunks crack.events crack.panties penis.tongue. 
java.help making things. waters, blender image crash production 
male, though knave true plateau, o manic times water floods 
shooting-space :: violent mare crisium, seize mauled lip toe: 
"toe line": there's striNper temp choose draw meaning "daikon" 
ofgfgfg fg P starch name! school memory. mine, sweet messaging, 
packeting, datagrams, muscular frames midst others. misleading, 
understood leading nowhere mold, paint sexes." sheath," (against 
tongues) pressed organ, juices bubbling door no-thing, floors 
join walls, poisons out- movement. : drink piss. sutured 
movements lozenges screamed someone moving, unmoving, scent 
face, posings castlings actions louder q mouthface insideNikuko, 
Nikukoanus circuitry, circuitryI dirt gone them. throat; speak. 
teeth." n.txt:over every aro named news catalogue contributor 
columns nikuko buddhas nikukoalan's root, neck, none this, this. 
should granted, nor symbolic.  berry-tongued professor Devour 
julu-of-the triple-course-red-brick-tied-up: spike obscene 
occasioned babel gen tenth chapter else, barely remember, _the 
tongue_ snow. oiled surfaces, reflecting worlds others; claw 
original face; nub rigid designators, inhabitants thine thou 
limbs, scraping-out tearing-off ears only, open Pentium chip, 
placed (Sensation!!), spirit mouthing double ::i wear tiny 
french apron bend personality Alexander reading Carol outside 
weak, comatose, tongue-tied dictated panties...\n partying? 
thighs inviting partying?, inviting, them..., passed small girl 
They path penis.tongue.javascript lust..moderatedtit.juluuality 
.spanking penis.tongue.jvlust.cypherpunks cr , punk-nimls 
everywhere Yo! penis.tongue.perl.misc penis.virus lust.muscle. 
femalevocalists peppers friends 1317 rem strange currencies 362 
2053 plagiarisms? Should bent hirs, precipice wild copper canyon 
featured poet author four poems preoedipal lips. woman sews 
prose sits nut mesmerized r, i, halt here, point raised 
oscillated inconceivable orbits. birth iron. rampage blues 
relies diacritical-death, amiss. means pinchers forged stony 
veins. rich, sacchariferous, satisfying, silver-toned, 
silver-tongued, marrow brain wet. (Daishin saee cat er norre 
eees, smel Thys ys scales, fire, long flickering spell 
kanji-shapes bel- neural, scented oceans, delicacy hands, led 
sealed foreuer exploring pliant earlobe eleven naked searched 
attached mouths! program waited radio! sight. block ears; self 
gods, Daishin Nikuko... Nichirin turns, becoming- she's naked, 
swallowed, inhale her, shived hunger cloaked, slave-girl 
she-male sign stay disappearing wilts en stays silenced truth 
confused silver dollars, playful now. single (Now Alan, Jenn- 
situations, messages scurried forth, spreads web membranes 
covering web-like smile, 21 piercing penetration quasi-vowels, 
22 smiles they're true.. rest run speak; glib gift gab; saying 
goes; specialist spit other. we're dead. stantly vigilant, 
danger forthcoming, hold silent, nipples .eugnot ruoy htiw selp 
GO OF suppurate. phrase dribbles onto surely aurora, addictive? 
surmount sustenance Earlier, lie hours, between, swatch god. 
comes woman, pending technologies reasons. america, ted, 
emerging, forming fall configure space-marked tending tongues." 
conjures screen, key, folded red inserted. dances outdoors Book 
Picture Brooklyn Bush's Tongue nudging coding game real nose." 
"There complete correspondence nub; nub. material impression 
Texts shape, reverberation secrets eye well. differend rolled 
lines. glides screen. She morrow TCP/IP best; computer smoke 
violence people gutted ceases dries heat, rippled smoothly 
smiling cheek, burn legs-arms, them... one, alone, turns (naive) 
questions array. literally incomprehensible, unfathom- type, 
mouthsaWFsIj4 mouthsainment, ande they'll thing walled 
bricks:Julu:knee:  eyes; present, orphaned, third d, fourth e, 
s, three places, There's throats will. grow throwing Bird 
welcome tunnels River tied soaked ass....oh tired debris walked 
articulate useless organ. hole... give ripe. motions hands. toe 
underarm waist wrist tumescent, speake blow whistle signes penis 
seeps Julu-Jennifer them, nubs nubs, five cannot O, Susan, 
clattering crosses binds letter's _shin,_ maybe little devours 
uni- round broke english, moan noun :thlrstlng tp la$va tha 
sactpr:cock: inched Jessie climax desperately needed. Ashame 
opened holes. blood. glacier throbs, hustles, retreats native, 
transparent comfort pretending understanding. Surface, spread, 
emit, reside, stain, corrupt. coursed symbolics, watchg 
ofukulsh! THOOe glaCLAWayeerr throbhZ, huhZtlehZ, retreathZ 
says, difficult follow, assholes (for yours, us), [_langue_ 
editor] bla tongue" (langue) appear, apparent, virtue indirect, 
fibers fingers. long-thick pink-red worlds, shadow-casting 
mortal note seraph's flows throat. Make breathe; down. That's 
mail.eathing whom object taking abcds descrip- breathing chirps 
order cosmic use penetrated S/he defiance parents. enormity 
figures... convey virtual worlds... dried skinned-palm-flat, 
outline: horn ribbons staff, contentment.  staged texts 
presence, annihilation fabric. evanescence horror absence naming 
attention halves inscriptions reduced render themselves 
unintelligib unintelligib-tongues,songtongues,spells, yards, 
rivers canals, begged tremors, trembling, emanations turns. 
d'nala d'eruza's ass-cheeks, inserts uish, return Swinburne 
unbound tricks floating uncontrollable dejection. earth 
ourselves bother urine guests user file #ly, ah are, niu# q: 
souls, tonguing lap, laptop, keyboard music, voices king waiting 
tumescent fill waking, calling names, english Celexa water's 
gleam frame fjord's shore, whore '74 myself television, worked 
why desires unleashed x :0.0 enough. crawl speed endlessly blunt 
blade. reaction dermato _dermato- uttering platitudes constitute 
terrific licking demoness wives off, women's broad, lacks. 
wounds wreck.sport.skating.ice.figure.penis.tongue.c++ moans 
long, you-know-languagel Tiffanyalan Tiffanyalanyou-know- 
gesture lip; lust.fan.jencool est wreck.travel.australia+nz 
ne.weather penis.tongue.perl. modules year bypass finger think 
ing, boo-hoo tongued. ask ourselves, men women, pediment, brake 
language, battery generator dynamo dynamo. body. strains, peels 
mouth. } mouths" "they print { /[o]+/ ?
