

THE ACCIDENTAL ARTIST: Phenomenology of the Virtual


Introduction

THE ACCIDENTAL ARTIST was an ongoing exhibition in Second Life at Odyssey, 
June 2008 - January 2009, by Alan Sondheim, with help from Sugar Seville, 
Azure Carter, Gary Nanes, Sandy Baldwin, and Frances van Scoy at the 
Virtual Environments Laboratory, West Virginia University, Morgantown, 
West Virginia. The show changed daily and the gave me an opportunity to 
study the phenomenology of a virtual world in relation to avatar-human 
objectivity. The following texts were written during the generation of the 
show. 

Show URL: http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22
Illustrations: Various images and videos may be found at
http://www.alansondheim.org/ - these periodically change as well.

- Alan Sondheim



spasm


convulse: i send you my signal. my signal is sad. my signal falls apart.
you do you receive my signal. my signal goes to you. 
what of it, this signal?
tremor, seizure, fit: it is the sensor in them that dreams.

"The debate does not exist, because of the non-existence of both the name 
and that which is named." (Nagarjuna, Vaidalyaprakarana, trans. Tola & 
Dragonetti)


Emanent


'The skull-holder was not really so, but was a nirmana form of 
Heruka, who said, "In this life you must write the six main 
texts and in the _bar-do_ period you will attain the very highest 
siddhi." The acarya replied,

 "When pressed beneath your feet, even my lower 
 winds vanish.
 By your kind mercy, please withdraw your left 
 leg!
 If your nine-fold crest ornaments are kept
 straight, even the Brahma-realm vanishes.
 Please remain with your head moving but a little!
 If your hands are kept straight, the guardians of
 the four quarters become terrified.
 By your kind mercy please withdraw your hands
 a little!
 O noble one, as your body is in a dancing pose
 and is purposefully maintained,
 I bow down before you with faith and an excess
 of reverence!"'

(from Taranatha's Life of Krsnacarya/Kanha, trans. David Templemann)

performing (1/y(sin(x)) <-- y(tan(x)))


she can MOVE FRUIT FROM ONE KIND OF TREE TO ANOTHER
she can MAKE OTHERS FALL ASLEEP OR WAKE AT WILL
she can MAKE FIRE BLAZE FROM WEAPONS
she can FLY THROUGH AIR
she can SEE THROUGH WALLS
she can TRANSFORM A CAVE INTO A PALACE AND SEAL THE EXITS
she can REMOVE THE TUSKS AND TRUNK FROM AN ELEPHANT AND RESTORE THEM
she can MAKE A KING SPEECHLESS AND RESTORE HIS SPEECH
she can GENERATE DEMONS AND COMPLETE DEMONS
she can END DROUGHT AND HEAL ILLNESS
she can SUBDUE LIONS AND TIGERS AND BRING THEM TO FAITH
she can REMOVE ARMS AND LEGS FROM SOLDIERS AND RESTORE THEM
she knows ALL LANGUAGES AND ALL DOCTRINES
she can EAT ENDLESSLY AND DRY UP WELL SPRINGS AND RESTORE THEM
she can CUT OFF HER HEAD AND FLY THROUGH THE AIR AND RESTORE IT
she can MOVE A BUFFALO AND HER CALF BACK TO THEIR HOME
she is SAFE FROM ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND BLOWS WITH CUDGEL AND ARROW
she can TURN AROUND ARROWS IN FULL FLIGHT
she can TURN INTO AN OLD WOMAN AND BACK AGAIN
she can SEE THINGS ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD
she knows ALL FUTURE AND ALL PAST EVENTS
she meditates FOR DAYS ON END WITHOUT SLEEP OR DRINK OR FOOD
she can HOLD SEVEN HUNDRED UMBRELLAS ABOVE HER WITHOUT TOUCHING THEM
she can RAISE THE DEAD AND RESTORE THEM TO DEATH
she can BE IN SEVERAL PLACES AT ONCE
she can TRAVEL INSTANTANEOUSLY FROM ONE PLACE TO ANOTHER
she can MAKE SMALL THINGS ENORMOUS AND ENORMOUS THINGS SMALL
she can MAKE DEVOTIONAL IMAGES CRUMBLE AND RESTORE THEM
she can CARRY A TEMPLE ON HER BACK
she can CLIMB ENDLESS STAIRS AND OTHERS CANNOT FOLLOW HER
she fits THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE INTO A TINY CORNER OF A CAVE OR HOUSE
she disappears AND APPEARS AT WILL
she conquers DEATH
she eats CORPSES URINE EXCREMENT SEMEN MENSTRUAL BLOOD
her slightest MOVEMENT TRANSFORMS WORLDS
her dance CREATES AND ANNIHILATES WORLD
she loosens BOUND ANIMALS AND RELEASES THEM
she can WALK ON WATER AND WALK THROUGH FLAMES
she can CAUSE THE EARTH TO QUAKE AND FLOWERS TO FALL LIKE RAIN
she can DISCOVER HIDDEN TREASURES
she can WALK THROUGH WALLS AND CLIFFS
she can SEAL CAVES AND CREATE GREAT HALLS WITHIN THEM
she can MAKE HERSELF INVISIBLE AND MAKE HERSELF VISIBLE AGAIN
she can CREATE OVERWHELMING TEMPESTS
she can SUBDUE SNAKES AND OTHER WILD ANIMALS
she can SING PERFECT SONGS OF HER OWN DEVISING
she can ALLEVIATE THE SUFFERINGS OF THE ELDERLY
she can ALLEVIATE THE SUFFERINGS OF THE POOR
she can SCORCH CLOTHES AND RESTORE THEM
she can READ MINDS CLOSE BY AND AT A DISTANCE
she can EAT ANY SORT OF IMPURITIES
she can LAUGH AN EIGHT FOLD LAUGHTER
she can DRAW STELES AND JEWELS FROM THE GROUND
she can ERECT VAST PALACES AT AN INSTANT
she extracts POISON FROM WATER AND WALKS THROUGH BLAZING FLAMES
she can CHOOSE THE DATE AND TIME OF HER DEATH
she can MAKE DRUMS AND MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS TO SOUND BY THEMSELVES
her steps MEASURE GREAT OR TINY DISTANCES AT HER WILL
her gaze CAN SHATTER AND RESTORE ANYTHING
she can TRANSFORM HERSELF INTO A SKELETON AND A RAINBOW BODY
her gaze CAN OPEN CAVES IN SOLID ROCK AND SEAL THEM AGAIN
she remembers HER PAST AND FUTURE BIRTHS
she can TARRY WITH CONSORTS WITH OR WITHOUT ELABORATION
she can SELF ILLUMINATE
she can WALK AIMLESSLY DAY AND NIGHT
she can SPREAD THE SCENT OF PERFUMES IN EVERY DIRECTION
she can SIT LIE OR WALK IN MID AIR
she can WEAR APRONS OF BONES
she is FLEET FOOTED
she changes THE COLOR OF HER BODY AT WILL


siddhi pose-performance by Nikuko 


This is preparation for object attachment. Fashion: Silhouette for posing 
in combination with minimal blue pattern for orientation.

Object attachment buries avatar bodies. Spatially, the body is lossy; 
dynamically, behavior remains to conjure the semblance of purposeful 
action. Here, Nikuko orients herself, poses periodically.

The pose is drawn out of the dynamics; the spectator, in the pose, pro- 
ceeds as if the narrative moment continued literally for all intents and 
purposes. The pose is the ridge or hinge of movement, the pause designat- 
ing the other, the viewer, designated by the viewer - part of a system of 
distribution. The pause ensures the viewer that the body is not the locus 
or victim of seizure. Every pause is a pose, every pose a pause, both 
intertwined with intentionality.

The pose is given as a gift, is for the other, is oriented; the orienta- 
tion of the pose defines the stance of the other in inverse relationship 
to occidental landscape perspective in which the vanishing-point might be 
considered the locus of the viewer as well. But the pose draws in, puck- 
ers, the vanishing-point, which becomes a plane and punctum of intimacy.

Nikuko poses, there is no one in sight, but there is the camera, here 
literally one of obscura, that obscure little object A of desire for and 
by Nikuko, above all for Nikuko. 

One of us moved the other, one of us aroused the other to action, to the 
recording-booth, to the wide-screen, to the embrace of the other who is 
identical, not equivalent, to the self-selving occurring, not to mention 
the dynamics of the same. 

Ah, I reply, I can finally see hir face.


nikuko swallows dirt

dirty nikuko.

nikuko transforming into landscape because s/he wants to become part of 
the world of second life so s/he can never be removed until the entire 
corporation folds sometime in the future. nikuko encumbered by landscape 
because s/he wants to crawl away from the rocks towards some better future 
life. nikuko embedded into landscape because s/he wants to sleep the long 
long sleep while there still is silence in the world. nikuko talking to 
herself because there is no one to be hir tiny friend or listen to hir 
sobs. nikuko embracing landscape because s/he wants to open herself up to 
the earth and dirty orgasm. nikuko in the void of landscape. nikuko within 
the abyss of landscape. nikuko in the chaos of dirt. nikuko wants to 
swallow the landscape and disappear. nikuko in ecstatic orgasm upon hir 
discovery that it is all one ontology. nikuko in overwhelming orgasm 
having discovered it is all one epistemology. nikuko doesn't know where 
her energy comes from or the light that illuminates the rocks. nikuko 
doesn't know if she's a stone or a cliff or granite or schist. nikuko 
doesn't know s/he doesn't know and she's not about to find out. nikuko in 
unbelievably ecstatic enormous and overwhelming orgasm.


nikuko swallows dirt.
dirty nikuko.


seduction of the world


Are you dressed as a range of scalar values submerging the screen, there's 
something dear julu that must be beyond or in the midst of the other side 
of the tree, surely the use of values better written point to newer 
sources? Is a range of scalar values submerging the screen, there's some- 
thing dear julu that must be beyond or in the midst of the other side of 
the tree, surely the use of values better written point to newer sources 
dressed as you?

Are you in your thing, are you in your flesh, ah don't answer...
Is Julu wearing your ... , are you wearing your thing? 

I love your feelings, a range of scalar values submerging the screen, 
there's something dear julu that must be beyond or in the midst of the 
other side of the tree, surely the use of values better written point to 
newer sources ...

Your breasts call me to them...
love oozes me beyond your thing!

What do you call your sedate thing?

My yes yes yes yes yes is yours...
should there be such a moment or singsong as these, nouns and 
adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or throughout the body, 
dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say about ourselves, if 
not something used once and neither more nor less makes me thoughtful 

should there be such a moment or singsong as these, nouns and 
adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or throughout the body, 
dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say about ourselves, if 
not something used once and neither more nor less calls forth pure womb, 
eating, excreting memory.

accompanying the edgy, should there be such a moment or singsong as 
these, nouns and adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or 
throughout the body, dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say 
about ourselves, if not something used once and neither more nor less is , 
edgy, there's always a question or query of these sources, to be sure? or 
a listing of lines or striations among queries or something of that sort, 
dear julu, now i will be very very wet when i am writing in my panties 
boohoo dear jennifer dearest jennifer and nothing else?

... womb is is this where i say the end with my wettest panties, dearest 
nikuko, or just the slightest bit just a slightest bit and further on, we 
are traveling wet and hands are pulling panties, are they not dearest 
jennifer here, it's womb?

Are you becoming close to Jennifer's should there be such a moment or 
singsong as these, nouns and adjectives, genitives and genitals 
crawling across or throughout the body, dearest julu, the body of text, or 
what should i say about ourselves, if not something used once and neither 
more nor less?

You melt into Julu's skin forever...

... cotton should there be such a moment or singsong as these, nouns 
and adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or throughout the 
body, dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say about 
ourselves, if not something used once and neither more nor less 20854 is 
Julu's gift to you ...

the object itself, leaves as well.::chests of connections and cylinders
in time. but everything is still-born; i leave the site and the citation,
- a move from topography to topology that seems critical at this point
of a certain sort in place of either the machinic or the organic
'cylinder,' 'node,' and 'avatar,' which at least presents connectivity
and i don't even know the people. i've been writing with characters
news around here isn't good, there are closeups of autopsies on television
i've been too busy with avatar bodies that can't hold a stick to you. the
of the past, bones, skeletons, dust, death, hunger.:i forgot you jennifer
release, haunted - oh i cried when i found it, this delicate index
was awarded a certificate of merit; i have that certificate, untethered,
of worlds - just so my writings falter at the gate. in 1841 someone
to temporal balance, feedback. what can be said of this, of the fragility
are organized in a skein of representations - they're so fragile, so tied
which happened quickly, in the matter of days. all my belongings and works
of the world s/he organized and assembled over decades, a dispersion
firsthand when my mother died, what happens in any death: the dispersion
and organism. things need names and often don't have them; i learned
fecund, the flower is a shape, the flower is the merge of connection
this point in time. forget them. work the world.:the flower is connected,
machinic constructs that disappear as so many props only necessary at
constant state of rebirth, airborn, earthborn. nothing but prims, pixels,
the grit of the real, imaginary of the virtual, cleansed, hairless, in
of bodies and media, topologies of media, topographies of representation,
of lives disappear, all moments, topologies of desire, topographies
sex-playing roles in organic display that disappears, sheaves

 of nodes and vectors is in my wayward closet of attachments and parts
Your small tables

 seeps into my closet of attachments and parts - turning me Julu-Jennifer
Your breast

should there be such a moment or singsong as these, nouns and 
adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or throughout the body, 
dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say about ourselves, if 
not something used once and neither more nor less:there's always a 
question or query of these sources, to be sure? or a listing of lines or 
striations among queries or something of that sort, dear julu, now i will 
be very very wet when i am writing in my panties boohoo dear jennifer 
dearest jennifer and nothing else:a range of scalar values submerging the 
screen, there's something dear julu that must be beyond or in the midst of 
the other side of the tree, surely the use of values better written point 
to newer sources::yes yes yes yes yes

Your pure yes yes yes yes yes is in my edgy is this where i say the end 
with my wettest panties, dearest nikuko, or just the slightest bit just a 
slightest bit and further on, we are traveling wet and hands are pulling 
panties, are they not dearest jennifer

Devour pure yes yes yes yes yes julu-of-the partying should there be such 
a moment or singsong as these, nouns and adjectives, genitives and 
genitals crawling across or throughout the body, dearest julu, the body of 
text, or what should i say about ourselves, if not something used once and 
neither more nor less!

Scalar value @a[$gen2] better written as $a[$gen2] at a/julua line 121.
Scalar value @a[$gen3] better written as $a[$gen3] at a/julua line 121.
Name "main::b3" used only once: possible typo at a/julua line 78.
Name "main::sign" used only once: possible typo at a/julua line 33.

a range of scalar values submerging the screen, there's something dear 
julu that must be beyond or in the midst of the other side of the tree, 
surely the use of values better written point to newer sources there's 
always a question or query of these sources, to be sure? or a listing of 
lines or striations among queries or something of that sort, dear julu, 
now i will be very very wet when i am writing in my panties boohoo dear 
jennifer dearest jennifer and nothing else should there be such a moment 
or singsong as these, nouns and adjectives, genitives and genitals 
crawling across or throughout the body, dearest julu, the body of text, or 
what should i say about ourselves, if not something used once and neither 
more nor less is this where i say the end with my wettest panties, dearest 
nikuko, or just the slightest bit just a slightest bit and further on, we 
are traveling wet and hands are pulling panties, are they not dearest 
jennifer


Reverse excavation and installation of materials for Second Life solo
exhibition, The Accidental Artist


It's difficult manipulating since the Nikuko avatar flies blind; it's 
impossible to see around the body extrusions. Mouse-view only works so far 
since nothing can be done except looking when it's open. Ctl-Alt-D, which 
changes camera viewpoint, helps a bit, but not much. The prims are so many 
and so complex, it seems that the world is close to overload; at one point 
I had set most transparent, but the ray-tracing gets too complex for 
slower machines. There will be three video streams, twelve sound sources 
with ten-second samples, and a continuous source, as well as these 
sculptures and other images on the wall. Sugar likens it to pinball. Even 
with a small avatar body, moving about the gallery is difficult. Most of 
the objects are impossible in physical space - or at least would require a
lot of Plexiglas support. Most of the images on or within the sculptures 
are external body, some imitative of internal organs. The images are 
distorted and have to be perceptually disentangled; they're either tiled 
or awkwardly wrapped. The affair is a gaudy circus one. It's a stage for 
performance (by Sandy Baldwin and myself) as well; moving about the space 
in alien choreographies will be just as difficult for as as for the 
spectators. I can easily imagine a dancespace filled, as this one is, but 
with phantom or invisible objects; the avadancers would find themselves 
and the rest of us among the absent ruins. Here however garishness is the 
premise and the promise of the virtual; there's no reason for camouflage 
in an airless space.

But it's difficult maneuvering in an eyeless space, literally flying or 
walking blind, sometimes falling out of the gallery altogether, ending up 
wedged and lawless. Occasionally a section of floorboard appears like a 
vector; we (Nikuko and myself) might be headed in the right direction. 
Camera angles, when the avatar stills hirself, through a series of 
alternating rotations and translations, can approach just about anything 
within ten meters or so; beyond that, chaos reigns. While these images are 
somewhat hit or miss, they convey the sense of new physics, lost structure
and boundary within the space. Now Nikuko hirself is at rest, in a realm 
as absent as the rest of us, until we log on together, momentarily, to 
work on installing sound. 


My enemy the digital, why not to live

It's on the verge of something, on the tip of the tongue, something about 
the digital and its relation to truth and mass accountancy and the 
ability to harness languaging on an unprecedented scale, something about 
the evanescence or shadowing of truth, about dictatorial tendencies and 
the ability to spread and modify code across whole continents, that this 
isn't an academics but an unmitigated furor - and in this sentence the 
digital or any specification/speciation becomes a disease of separation 
and the wager of truth, that is to say a political economy of truth that 
relies not on facticity but on a market or gaming in which truth is the 
outcome, not the forerunner, of stakes. One doesn't stake on truth, but on 
an apparatus that produces truth vis-a-vis accountancy, the digital; it is 
this manipulation that permits staking in the first place. My digital my 
love, my digital my enemy; these inscriptions produce skein, structure, 
market: Every market is an inscription, every inscription a market. It 
becomes increasingly useless to survive, to the extent that survival is a 
condition of change or altruism; instead, the same old game repeats itself 
indefinitely, a game of strategy within which slaughter, dis/ease, anomie, 
become byproducts or residues of categorization. It was writing, the 
writing of the concrete and concrete writing, that began a slide towards 
miasma, no matter how much it was curtailed by that very same writing. And 
what a slide, because also a harnessing of miasma, withdrawal from the 
real; it's a miasma of the imaginary and it's within the imaginary that 
the market is the most violent: without bounds and gaming, truth appears 
both certain and purchasable, and is always, within the digital and 
accountancy, infinitely alterable, without tethering. Without tethering 
there are no bounds, the world is boundless and frontiers are infinitely 
mobile; with infinite mobility comes exponential consumption of resources 
until asymptotic limits are incoherently named and approached - while the 
rich get richer, their class rapidly diminishes and dissipates. There's no 
end to all of this pseudo-fecundity except defuge, exhaustion, extinction, 
and each hour we are all the closer to the chaos of the retrievable. What 
was canonic is nameless, just as genre dissipates into an absence of 
meaning leaving organism without a _not_ to stand on; sure slow death 
results - no one notices, no one has the capacity to notice, all that 
accountancy grounded in backup is lost, the files topple, electricity cut 
off for longer and longer periods, finally none at all.

I think of Hitler and all those records, arms marked by integers, bodies 
cut out, decomposed elsewhere, increased complexity of coding, Auschwitz, 
sludge...


Azure Carter's Avatarman song

Avatar Man with Dream Woman

I've become imaginary
Disappearing in the movement
I've become contaminated
Raster of clock time

Avatar Man with Dream Woman
Don't listen to me, Dream Woman
Don't listen to me, Avatar Man

***

This avatar package
Already dead inside
This building is condemned
We know nothing's alive

You can look inside
He says
You can do it
Avatar edge
Shooting out to infinity

Limits of the world
Images of lost fecundity
Fragility of good things
We're doomed to novelty

You can look inside 
Dream Woman
The imaginary rides
No world
No limit
No grid
Nothing

Our male likes death
It excites him sexually
We know meat in his absence
Gamespace economy

You can look inside
She says
Death meat body
Hierarchy
Not holarchy


Dream woman enters a hole
Twisting through forbidden space
There's no moment to her moment
Hair fluid across face

You can look inside
Avatar
Hemisphere eye
Prim edge
Geek construct
Linden brain

***

I have done my work here
Return us to ourselves
The imaginary leaves us
As nothing ever will

Avatar Man with Dream Woman
Don't listen to me, Dream Woman
Don't listen to me, Avatar Man


Nikuko, others, performing

High compression... this is from the workstation viewpoint... it's hard to 
see around the avatar which is enormous and glowing. Lucian Iwish came on 
later with a structure that enveloped the whole building... but with the 
show, the avatar I use is perhaps twenty-five feet high... Sandy's is both 
larger and smaller, variable, ghost-like... We had a few people the first 
night, a crowd the second (afternoon) who spoke mainly Italian. This sec= 
tion is from the first night. Live instruments included flute, chromatic 
harmonica, sampling keyboard. Sandy's texts flew amazingly, were from our 
theory writing on avatar and the like. My texts were paste-ins from the 
Jennifer, Nikuko, Doctor Leopold Konninger, Julu plays. Sound is from a 
number of simultaneous sources under the control of the viewer. You can 
talk or make live music in Second Life. Time of the recording was set to 
midnight. Second Life beyond the traditional physics (which can be 
countermanded to some extent by creating objects without physics) is 
incredibly malleable; a building roof can exist without support, marked- 
off territories may have no concrete barrier markers beyond the luminous 
floating signs; bodies can be modified at will; flying and teleportation 
are comment; one exists without breathing on land or sea; set carefully, 
one penetrates rocks; you might or might not see through your avatar's 
body; for that matter, objects may glow or be transparent; touch at a 
distance is possible and common; you may construct on land, in sea, within 
air; you normally disappear when your character logs out; environment and 
time may follow Second Life time or be set artificially; one might talk 
with one's voice, through internal instant messaging, or through chat; 
your avatar body may be distorted by others; everything depends on Linden 
corporation; Linden may well be able to hear any and all private conversa- 
tions; beyond Linden there's the horizon of bandwidth; particle emissions 
are quick and contain just about anything; buildings arise and fall in a 
twinkling of an eye... The time is midnight, the objects glow, intersect; 
I believe, without proof, that they are sliding in a fourth spatial dimen- 
sion through some flaw in the software; there are some bodies and some 
objects I may fly through; there are some I am held by; there are some who 
hold me; there are griefers and hackers; there are some who hold me... Who 
am I but avatar-Nikuko, Nikuko-avatar; s/he speaks through me; asserts 
her- self; possesses a literally uncanny insistence; turns towards 
withdrawn sexuality; is always waiting and awaiting, as I am always 
waiting and awaiting here. Flying through configurations, s/he settles on 
a certain appearance or style or look; I am back beyond the screen; s/he 
controls objects greater than any I have controlled; s/he is adroit. I am 
back beyond the screen; I'm blinded by the objects; for the most part I 
can't see ahead, only slight glimpses to the left and right, slight 
glimpses of the floorboards beneath hir feet. There, beneath hir feet, are 
the vector guides that somewhat make a mapping. I have three choices: stay 
within hir body, breathe hir breathless air, or fly hir everywhere which 
gives me the slightest vision above the objects, or use mouselook, which 
allows me to see through Nikuko's eyes, gives me hir sight, or scent, hir 
touch, hir perfume. But mouselook takes over the screen; the configuration 
menus and controls disappear; you're only there with her, in her, as s/he 
is in you; everyone else is present, easy to see and touch; you might run 
or swoop with delight; you might stay absolutely still; but your bound 
within hir as your bound within Second Life as a Life, that is, as a 
being-in-the- world which gives you no escape, no meta-processes to 
fine-tune the process. You can't build that way; you are sunk in Nikuko's 
body, part of hir avatar-flesh, sheave-flesh, sheave-mind, Linden-mind; 
your swallowing is hir swallowing, your food hir own. So in these 
performances, the more Nikuko gathers, the more I am flying blind, even 
building blind, speaking blind, dancing and yes choreographing blind, 
blind in this airless world with the trivial fact that it is I who see, 
dispersed-eye, not Nikuko who can only whisper through appearance, affect 
me through hir slightest move- ment, walk and talk, sit and stand, nowhere 
at all. Yet there is something of a future here, not in Linden or the 
Corporation, neither in bandwidth nor in prim-counts, but in a peripheral 
and, again that uncanny insist- ence, that feeling that Nikuko is living, 
not as prosthetic or other device, not as prim, but perhaps as a 
not-so-prim woman or girl or neutral or male at the last or gender-ending 
moment of the real. For Nikuko has taken me, just like others have taken 
you into the unaccountable true world, with its lines of flight and 
inscriptions intensifications and dispersed gatherings of selves and 
bodies, the true world of scatterings, spews, emissions, radiations. And 
among all of this, Nikuko flies, swoops, cavorts, in nowhere, among an 
underground mathesis gone wild, presented for your pleasure or operating 
pleasure, for your frisson or sport- or spoor-world, for the spook or 
glow, fed by nothing, a picture for your pretty sight, a longing, for 
something, somewhere, languor ...


new bodies for old

after advanced/character/ menu produced male and female characters 
accouterments and refused to return all hir objects

Think of SL as an abstracted 4-dimensional space-time continuum: What are 
the built-in constraints? Fundamental forces like gravity have to be 
built-in; there's no _inherent_ reason for its existence. The ceiling 
instead - that which backgrounds the continuum - is corporate, and as such 
might as well be a corporate model for future-culture and cultural proc- 
esses in the 'real world.' 

The corporate model is fundamentally a tacit and leaky one. Tacit: because 
its operations are quickly treated as natural by body and mind (invisible 
prosthesis). And leaky: because it fills every space, construes every op- 
eration, colors and codes within and throughout the true world invisible.

"Corporate" is not restricted to either a particular mode of capital or 
power, nor a particular mode of governance - but instead is a basic and 
backgrounding mode of quantification, related in Second Life and for that 
matter, the older MOOs and MUDs, by the assignment of hierarchies, parent- 
child processes, and identification numbers within the world, world-build- 
ing, and worlding "in general." 

Given this constraint, what are others, and how do they relate? At least 
for the moment, one logs in and out of SL; inactivity logs one out and for 
the most part, when one logs out, one's body disappears (unlike a MOO, for 
example, where a body might be found somnolent in a "body-bag"). In other 
words, one's activity is _framed_ by a process of intention and/or tend- 
ing-towards, a process which requires a particular action on the part of 
the participant - which in fact constructs the framing of the very concept 
of participation.

One is constrained by the process of building, but this is also a matter 
of time, energy, money, and nuisance. A similar constraint exists for 
land-ownership - and within SL, ownership is both relative (in relation to 
the corporation and the continuous output of the corporation, in terms of 
finance, governance, capital, and power in general), and absolute: The 
land that is owned is purely and totally _intended_; it has no otherwise 
existence or mode of being, no wilderness. (One might designate or assign 
a region as wild, but this an intended act as well; it is neither obdurate 
or substance, "idiotic inert" no analog.) 

At least at the moment, one is constrained by three-dimensionality and its 
projection into the 2-space of the screen. Given that, objects may inter- 
sect and self-intersect and may or may not be "gravitationally" bound.

One is constrained by modes of behavior, coded and uncoded; by bandwidth; 
by one's terminal (therefore one's economy and one's relationship to class 
and corporate in any world); by one's health in the physical world; by 
one's ability to script and code. Where is the internal (not to mention 
external) history, per participant and/or login, of Second Life and its 
denizens? Where are the rolls of land ownership and usage? The history of 
SL's code and coding? The detailing of its proprietary software? (The 
world itself is closed-source.) 

(For surely the world as a whole may be investigated, as a book of nature, 
a supine woman, an angry man, red in tooth and claw, as God's hand and 
God's shriveled hand, as systemic coordination and mathesis, as semiosis, 
as subject and object of dissection, of nothing whatsoever.) 

One's steam runs out ...


Poetics of the Virtual

Second Life as a laboratory for phenomenology of representations of space- 
time: think of multiply-connected geometries and configurations, dynamic 
impossible behaviors, behavioral and object intersections and collisions, 
spews, and interiorities. We work concretely and theoretically towards a 
poetics and psychophysics of the virtual through Second Life; through 
abject and inconceivable topologies, we experience an obdurate alterity. 

The poetics of the avatar is dependent upon dissemination, dissimulation, 
and dispersion. One moves as a dispersion as well, moves through skein- 
and sheave-skin; time and objects loop, are activated, suffer through 
detumescence, collapse, revive, are always already potential. The world is 
peculiar; one object teleports, another spews, a third crackles video.

Thanks to Sugar Seville, Sandy Baldwin, Ian Ah, and others, the space 
becomes more complex, problematic. We have a five-month residency here.


Phenomena, Phenomenology, and Objects in Second Life


In the current installation, effectual boundaries are rendered problemat- 
ic; through the use of .pngs with emptied backgrounding, objects are by 
and large deconstructed into partial outlines. This is also extended 
thorough partial transparency. In addition, there are phantom objects that 
are totally invisible but 'felt.' It is possible to create an invisible 
non-physical object that is present but unaccountable and unaccounted-for. 
Particle emissions also deconstruct boundaries, depending on the strength 
of the emissions - number of particles, speed, size, frequency of release, 
transparent or default rectilinear boundary, and so forth. Can particles 
become physical? Can they reign/rain terror? Can they exist invisibly and 
reign physically as well? Where is the subject in all of this? The sub- 
ject, viewer, has two modes - standard from within or slightly behind hir 
avatar, and mouselook, from the position of the avatar itself, with or 
without the rest of the body visible. The viewer may or may not zoom the 
view; the view as such is set by default to a standardized visual field. 
Visually, if not physically, entanglement occurs a fair amount of the 
time, the result of object with partially-transparent textures whose 
surfaces render the normative boundaries problematic. Entanglement reduces 
the possibility of coherent movement. In addition, there are concrete 
issues of scale; the textures are most often panels or tiling of images of 
body or remappings of the body - the bodies most often, but not entirely, 
cyborg or avatar or sheave-skin. In other words sheave-skins are mapped 
onto sheave-skins; mobility is only in terms of the substrate, and that 
only if the object is physical, i.e. can be 'bumped.' Now what this tells 
us about the true world, the world of inscriptions within and without 
physical reality, the virtual, and so forth, is that perception in the 
broadest phenomenological sense is not only determinative in viewing and 
viewpoint but also struggles with an alienness that countermands the laws 
of physics as realized in everyday life. Further, it tells us that the 
three classical states of matter - liquid, gas, solid (never mind the 
other exotic states) - are also determinative; the world is divided just 
as the game 'twenty questions' divides the world. Particle emissions, in 
particular 'heavy' or geometric emissions, break this down, as do self- 
intersections, physical but invisible objects (with standardized weight), 
etc. The result is somewhat related to 'virtual reality sickness,' a form 
of veering as the world appears both imminent and senseless; even when 
sensed, it remains a struggle to get about. From the viewpoint of an 
emitting avatar, the situation is compounded; as such, without mouselook 
the avatar flies or moves blindly; even with mouselook, extensive particle 
emissions effectively block the visual. Think of these emissions as plasma 
and their condition and phenomenological apperception as that which is 
applicable to the fourth, and universally most common, state of matter; in 
this sense the very inscription (through scripting) of particle emissions 
contradicts, on the level of lived reality inscription itself; one has no 
space and no time to circumscribe or circumambulate them - they appear 
everywhere - their source is anomalous - they respond to invisible weath- 
ers - they seem to be a form of 'stuff' or 'stuffing without containment' 
- they're close to the phenomenology of brute or idiotic substance. Thus 
they compound and confound space from above, as it were, just as the 
broken or partially-visible deconstructed objects compound and confound 
space from below. Now the museum or gallery within and without (on the 
grounds or precinct) that presents and contains all of this - and hardly 
contains as emissions escape through walls, viewpoints move underwater, 
the building itself appears to falter - is a representation of what has 
been termed liquid architecture, or at the very least it holds within it 
the semblance of liquid architecture. Think of this as malleable space; 
with the use of slowed emissions and teleportation, it is also malleable 
time  always already vectored, as time is, both within and without 
Second Life, i.e. within the true world. For one is framed by logging-in 
and logging-out, the emissions are vectored and controlled, they respond 
in depth to a universal clock or clocking based simultaneously on the 
speed of the viewer's computer and the speed of the servers and cycles of 
Second Life itself or themselves. This is in other words, all a setting 
and background - malleable space governed and governing + and -, as well 
as malleable time governing +, feed-forward. One can quickly see how 
functions may be applied across these, for example f(t), t > 0, which may 
or may not get us anywhere; certainly with emissions, for all practical 
purposes one is reduced to statistical analyses of fuzzy and intersecting 
(if not interacting) ensembles. So we might say that the digital always 
moves forwards but spatially may or may not occupy any conceivable con- 
fluence, as well as a confluence of the plasma which psychoanalytically is 
related both to abjection and defuge; in other words, within the human 
organism at the very least, plasma exhausts and 'ruins' - corrodes, or 
dissolves, or decays, or corrupts, and so forth. Here the masquerade of 
the coherency of the subject is called into question as it is in Lacan and 
elsewhere; here the very exact and astute boundaries that constructed, 
through code and protocol and software, Second Life itself, are psycho- 
logically 'ruined' as well - it's as if one looked at mold and the coding 
of mold on a molecular level and phenomenologically or culturally tried to 
conflate the two (which of course is possible but a difficult extension). 
So in short we might think of the space or spacing within Second Life as a 
laboratory of sorts, software and hardware (issues of bandwidth and memory 
internal and external to the viewer and the viewer's computer and connec- 
tion) in relation to psychological and psychoanalytical issues, again in 
conjunction with clear or fuzzy considerations of code, the sensorium and 
the vast but problematic and most likely fictitious masquerading of the 
regimes of the analog/ic and digit/al themselves. 

Eidetic reduction? - impossible, too parasitic, noise. Quietude - gone, 
emptied space - non-existent. Emptiness, replete, fecund emptiness. The 
natural attitude - always within reification processes. Too many signs and 
insufficient generators. To mean is to speak. To speak is to speak among 
local sound sources; others speaking or listening; overarching sound 
configuration. Everything is slot or slotted; slots are mobile, futile, 
fuzzy. Psychoanalytical entities are dispersed from origin; there is no 
thing seeing, no thing looking or looked at, a theater which is always a 
mess, never has been anything but a mess - a theater which is under the 
sign of masquerade or constriction, because it is only with constriction 
that plot develops, that characters speak, that one lives in the true 
world, that one inscribes or is inscribes, creates and exhausts meaning, 
tending always towards abjection, defuge, death, almost in that very 
order. The blanket origin of death puts an end to it all; it's on the limb 
or hinge of death that Second Life carries on, and who knows how many are 
logged in under how many borrowed or originary names?



'Second Life,' miasma


===========================

The object 'Second Life' has sent you a message from Second Life:
Your object 'miasma' has been returned to your inventory lost and found
folder from parcel 'Odyssey_ExhibitA_Gallery_zone1' at Odyssey 32.0955,
-1.16293 because it went off-world.

 = Second Life is owned by (unknown)
 = Location unknown.

===========================


WRITING MACHINE

A module describes an orbit; particles are emitted at regular intervals. 
The direction of the particle stream is determined by local 'weather' or 
'wind' in second life. The stream is jerked by the orbit, and this results 
in the repeated generation of similar graphemes or artifacts in the air, 
which travel along with the stream, slowly disappearing at the farther 
end. Perhaps this is one source for the sign: something is configured and 
emitted at regular intervals, the locals stand around and watch.


Julu Twine:


Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaafloor2' in Second Life. Log in to accept
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaaamputee' in Second Life. Log in to accep
Alan Dojoji has offered you '3' in Second Life. Log in to accept or decl
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'maud22' in Second Life. Log in to accept or
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'stripper11' in Second Life. Log in to accep
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'holdingclosee' in Second Life. Log in to ac
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaantiparallel3' in Second Life. Log in to 
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aanudance2' in Second Life. Log in to accep
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaa' in Second Life. Log in to accept or de
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaastrange' in Second Life. Log in to accep
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'thrustext2' in Second Life. Log in to accep
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'thrustext' in Second Life. Log in to accept
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'thrustest' in Second Life. Log in to accept
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaafloor1' in Second Life. Log in to accept
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'shortdouble2' in Second Life. Log in to acc
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'shortextended1' in Second Life. Log in to a
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'shorttangent2' in Second Life. Log in to ac
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'aaaacrazy' in Second Life. Log in to accept
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'twotwo' in Second Life. Log in to accept or
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'three' in Second Life. Log in to accept or 
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'four' in Second Life. Log in to accept or d
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'sculpt_2008Jul7_20pm37-7_n002' in Second Li
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'sculpt_2008Jul7_20pm35-16_n001' in Second L
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'curl9' in Second Life. Log in to accept or 
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'curl7' in Second Life. Log in to accept or 
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'curl8' in Second Life. Log in to accept or 
Alan Dojoji has offered you 'curla' in Second Life. Log in to accept or 


Second Life come visit!


Unique visitors today = 8, yesterday 9, total 143
Peak unique 3, Yesterday 2, Total 10
view all chat "/superg visitors" next greeter.
13, 156
16, 172
7, 179
135
10, 118
126
17, 40, 85
4, 5, 94
1, 99
=2Eeditor a:visited {color: #551A8B}
187
12, 199
206
218
225
232
248
261
25, 286
20, 306




Absence of Light, images and theory


The black images, Second Life, absent of air, absent of light. To make a 
primitive semiotics: what's black is _not-there, bot-air._

There are two classes of black objects:

1. Architectural. These are interior building parts or prims that 
ordinarily would lend support and protection for a structure. Here they 
are always decorative, placed for the participant's sense of well-being.

1a.. Architectural exceptions. These are building parts that cannot be 
changed because of unavailable permissions or building parts that lead 
into the structure, which have their own interior/exterior, water/air/ 
ground semiotics.

2. Mobile objects. These are moving objects transformed into silhouettes 
with unknown convoluted interiors and planar surfaces. They are invades 
wishing to remain unknown; the move in strangled or stuttered orbits.

2a. Exceptions. At least one moving object is a video surface, and remains 
visible. There are a number of invisible objects immediately inside and 
outside the front of the structure which are also video surfaces. There is 
a binary rotating group consisting of a female-in-motion-capture and a 
male satellite objects paneled with male organs; the two visually lock 
after an untold number of revolutions. This sits central on the gallery 
floor and references the 'mudpile' object near the entrance, which is also 
circular and low and is textured with the skin of a female Poser avatar. 
The mudpile is also a video surface as is the complex 'curtain object' 
hanging above the binary rotating group.

Schelling Hegel in addition to Gongsun Long, Wittgenstein, Carneades

1. At night all cows are black.

2. Identity as concept or image or word is self-contradiction.

3. Nothing is identical to itself.

4. A white horse is not a horse.

5. It is dark, a long object, snake or rope, is in a cave. What do I do.
What is the phenomenology.

6. Perhaps it is a white horse.

7. I would feel the texture of the air and the dim glow from the moonlight 
reveals all.

8. Perhaps it is a cow.

9. At night all things are black; who is to tell a cow from a white horse. 
I feel the texture of the air and dim glow.

10. I see an absence of light defined only by a visible edge. As an object 
moves, the visible edge is transformed; if one thinks of the absence as a 
two-dimensional bounded plane, the transformation of the visible edge 
implies either an internal complex apparatus or one or more additional 
dimensions and axes of rotation.

11. As objects absences of light relate phenomenologically to dark matter, 
everything untoward, nothing appearing, nothing apparent, but effect.

12. Absence of light is the fundamental stratum of Second Life which only 
appears when summoned, like a golem; its visibility is monitor-dependent, 
and its fundamental ontology is that of bits and bytes, codes and 
protocols, computer programs and languages. What appears around or outside 
the absence of light is uncanny, self-thwarting, hardly an existence at 
all.

13. The limits of my language are the limits of my world - from the 
outside looking as language imposes its own semiosis, its structure always 
already borrowed from the exterior, invisible to most; language in this 
metaphoric sense is an absence, parole is just talking about things (as 
ordinary school arithmetic without Godel, Skolem, Tarski, Church is just 
counting 'them'). What's interior is analytic, what's exterior is sublime, 
on the way to phenomenology.

14. Absence of light regions occlude one another, passage is difficult, 
often impossible, we're unused to regions without internal boundaries or 
names, without meaning, with their spatiality defined only by their 
surrounds. At Second Life you may navigate these; in first life or real 
life or that part of the true world somewhere somewhen elsewise than 
digital culture or artifacts, the fecundity of the world relegates these 
to the utmost periphery; think of dust-motes, dark corners, worlds beneath 
floor-boards, uncanny ghosts, and somewhere in the corner of the corner, a 
monitor still on, however feebly, something moving on the screen, no one 
looking anywhere. ...



flatblack imaginary

flatblack which is absence determined by video surfacing, coating,
video membrane, salve, video cortisone, video of the stuttered shuddered
tiling, sputtered or shattered video, splattered video or video spew:

you can really find your way around here
several thousand equivalent images 


rounds

yes, well it's possible to take a ride on these things, you might go 
somewhere perhaps in the best circles, Julu's sloughing hir skin again, 
she's doing it for anyone, you can't catch it, it disappears, there's 
always another, you're in the middle of the stream, you can step in it 
twice, you can step in it more than twice, you can repeat yourself, you 
can repeat yourself exactly, can't you. so you might take a ride, one 
shadow to another, let's call them shades, slightly more accurate, forms 
of ghost-traps, they'll bring you in, you'll emerge with nothing though, 
hardly a memory, something on the order of repetition-compulsion, perhaps 
osmosis. life is one skin after another, they're all the same, they all 
appear the same, something different perhaps to the utmost, but a kind of 
mechanical equivalence, they're not identical, pseudo-random calculations 
ensure that, however close one might think of them as such. there's a 
cliff between the random and the pseudo-random, and that cliff is percep- 
tion. make no mistake about them = make no mistake about them, nothing 
goes forever, the Net is fragile, tenuous, at best; it's always about to 
collapse, it's about collapse. here's where death comes into play: what's 
about collapse stays on the side of collapse, not death, which is a word 
and I will stop that when I die, until then, round and round


(From summary.)

6 Second Life:
a. Five month residency in Odyssey, continuous changes almost on a daily 
basis. (Thanks to Sugar Seville, Gazia Babeli, Ian Ah.)
b. Thinking of SL as malleable space or 'liquid architecture' - creating 
environments impossible and inconceivable in a real physical world.
i. Entanglement and invisible objects.
ii. Mappings of video and audio on invisible objects.
iii. Shadow-objects which coalesce.
iv. Objects playing with womb-like enclosures, continuous particle 
generation.
c. Performances from the Biovision Hierarchy (bvh) files from motion 
capture equipment, inconceivable/untoward/wayward/contrary gestures and 
behaviors.
i. Behavior collision.
ii. Obtrusive or obsructive behavior.
d. Phenomenology of lived body in untoward spaces.
i. Broken or stuttered spaces
ii. Spaces that remap themselves.
d. Spaces of abjection, dis/ease, discomfort.
i. Texture-mapping from 'real' bodies.
ii. Spaces 'veering' the subject.
iii. Spaces driving the subject's bandwidth/CPU to the limit.
iv. Spaces driving the subject's ability to walk/fly hir avatar to the 
limit.



bicorporeal sexuality of architecture

[8:49] 2008) : like (Saved I said Julu - 22 you 22:32:33 can 2008) do 
like [8:49] I : said (Saved - you Julu can 22 do 22:32:33 whatever 
Julu want 22:33:16 22:33:16 you but [8:49] think (Saved if what space 
to on acheive constrained is - a the space better that what on want 
constrained to the is better a way the may sky be [8:49] make (Saved up 22 
in way sky be 22:34:41 way i have have and used 22:34:41 gallery i 
context, like and the altered to it, just just it, away if with what it's 
want box I 22:35:09 sky help (Saved need, the set the teleport if from you 
skybox sounds [8:50] - The this sounds directly great above this [8:50] 
directly The above skybox space? not Sexual - Life: message User will not 
be online the message space? will [8:50] stored There delivered a later. 
couple [8:51] more There I are want couple and more delivered things 
later. gallery, and which hopefully take will few do days in hopefully 
gallery, people which come Life: explore User [8:52] all all delivered 
prims [8:52] black : video to surfaced, make 'sexually and textured' I so 
like whole womb. thing [8:52] appears Sexual womb. not [8:53] - also will 
rewrote be script, now which, deliberate) by bounces accident a (but prim 
now out deliberate) of bounces a prim which, out by of accident reach if 
when you anyone stand comes where near it stand when where anyone it comes 
was near send into down air; below I'm floor to or make into send air; 
down I'm below going the 'ceiling' to invisible that, that, the most 
sexually likely 'ceiling' sexually prims textured would work? be So 
sometime would and sometime you next textured week work? thank the 
greatly! not you I can said do - you think [8:49] whatever : you (Saved 
want [8:49] Julu : 22 (Saved 2008) Julu think 2008) if but want better 
is a the on better constrained to way a be space to the space like 
22:34:41 way i gallery have context, used and the it, it's but better if 
altered what it, do is it's away make help sky to help 2008) with gallery 
that to and if up and skybox [8:50] directly can above this [8:50] the 
message not will online things a in will hopefully few people days [8:51] 
come Sexual explore Life: - User [8:51] not Sexual online Life: stored the 
delivered black later. stored prims make black all all want 'sexually all 
textured' the [8:52] like also later. rewrote [8:53] prim deliberate) out 
bounces of a it you was stand it where of the sexually likely thank next 
[8:53] stored said said


Experimental Mathesis

Because of the relative mathematical complexity of mapping three-dimen- 
sional behavior with motion capture software, the visual results vary 
widely from filter to filter; as in early crystal radio tuning, there's no 
smooth differentiable curve as constants and functions slowly change.

There are so many patterns in nature! Beyond the usual simple and complex 
tilings, there are non-repetitive tilings re: Penrose and others; there 
are fractal and chaotic regimes as well. We can also mention all sorts of 
'monstrous' curves. Given the complexity of human behavior and dynamics, 
however, I think it's fair to say that the occurrences here at the Virtual 
Environments Lab are deeply unpredictable; while the filter is relatively 
rigid and secure (in these cases), the results are tempered with the 
exigencies of muscles and bones and gravity, as well as creativity, skill, 
intention, and so forth. A filter can exaggerate, i.e. increase time and 
space contrast, minute differences, but it can also diminish them to the 
extent that a kind of collapse occurs - the limit of course being 0, 
reducing everything to equivalent quiescence. All of this is fundamental 
and basic to the calculus; one might metaphorically consider what's 
happening in these videos as a _double movement,_ of human behavior in the 
first place, and shape-riding in the second. And how far must one go 
through the process, only to return again to the semblance of organic 
life? And what is the point of the journey, involving code and protocols, 
the real and the virtual, concrete substance, organic metabolism and 
mobility, as well as an overriding abstraction and impulse to re/produce 
something elsewhere that is once more identifiable within the comfort zone 
of lived experience?

These videos/stills always surprise, always seem to offer something to be 
studied, from perception to a language of perceiving, and from the habitus 
of deeply lived environment to insistent anomalies in dialectic with 
problematic and overarching form.


Games and Cowers

The new scripts construct a game from SL exhibition space; fly through 
(see gamethrobs.mov) and objects disappear for twenty seconds - how much 
of the space can you clear? In the meantime clutter and new video 
reconstruct the space, Julu (see cower jpgs) has a new look and powers, 
and hysteria pervades prim prims and abject objects. Increasingly the 
theory's in the doing of the space, the perceiving of it, the flying and 
walking and running through it. Disappearing prims might send you spiral 
downward, but there are teleport spheres below to return you to the 
surface. It's all compact and blown apart ...


Dreams of Better Worlds Concrete

| Images from intractive avatar game in The Accidental Artist exhibition, 
| SL; avatar movement deconstructs architecture, frees the space. No 
| score, no wins or losses; continuous play produces continuous 
| deconstruction. The video is in black and white; color from the site 
| refuses to compress properly.

Think of it: Second Life (or similar virtual spaces) as a simulacrum of 
humanity's dream of flying, of malleable space and time; think of SL as a 
laboratory for the practical/theoretical phenomenology of space and time. 
What occurs in human flight, in the presence of strangers, in weight= 
lessness, in sudden weight, in anonymity, in exposure, in agoraphobia or 
clausterphobia? I work daily and nightly in the exhibition space, trying 
things out, not primarily for the aesthetics, but for the cog-sci, psycho-
logical, psi-a comprehension that may or may not occur. Lacan or Minsky 
might not be at home in these spaces, but they exist on the periphery of 
theory. It's far too easy to dismiss virtual spaces in relation to what 
might be considered the other, in terms of community, politics, political 
economy, information economy, religion, etc. But first there is community 
in SL, ideological struggle, etc., although not played out against the 
scarcity of necessary resources; bandwidth and prim number are irrelevant 
compared to lack of food or sleep. On the other hand it's the very absence 
of noise that makes SL more like a savanna than an urban center, and a 
savanna that at times allows one to speak and perceive with a clarity 
bordering on the uncanny. While it may be slightly difficult learning to 
move smoothly through SL, it's no more difficult than learning a sport or 
board-game, and the results are equally enriching.

I don't want to sound like an advertisement for SL or virtual worlds in 
general - but I do want to indicate their potential for psychological and 
phenomenological experimentation. What one sees can be seen from one's 
home; there's an established intimacy that the heavy cultural institut- 
ionalization of museums and galleries doesn't have. The economy is on a 
far smaller scale as well; over the years I've been on SL for example,, 
I've paid eight dollars and eighty cents in real money for uploads to the 
SL server - a small price, given the potential. Most of what I construct - 
animations, textures, sounds, texts, prims, are created with open source 
software outside SL.

To fly, to make objects disappear and appear at will, to revolve or 
otherwise motivate them, to ignore or stress gravity, to move among the 
problematic of things, to move through them, to court invisibility, to 
view oneself from one's body or alterity, to speak or write (courting both 
phoneme and grapheme), to operate within or beneath erasure, to create or 
annihilate, send objects into or out of the world - to do any of these 
things, and more, in any combination - within the limits of the computer - 
limits which are perhaps far too often emphasized (instead of seeing 
potential and the potential for expansion) - this is what, for the moment 
while the net is up and running - this is what we can work with, in how- 
ever limited our physical off-world conditions might be - and this is the 
promise, holding for the slightest while - for the premise of communica- 
tion or its lack, analogic inert and digital coded and their intermingled 
limits. It continues to surprise me, how many complaints there are about 
these worlds, from lambda-moo and earlier, and how little joy is expressed 
over their current possibilities - what they can do _now._ Forget the 
holodeck; there are already (what would have passed for) miracles afoot. 
This isn't arguing against the need for deconstruction and critique of 
SL's and other virtual worlds' political economy - just that one can 
proceed in addition from the bottom up, seeing for example what happens 
when a prim is grounded or sent elsewhere, say, into another physics, with 
a shape-rider upon it, another shape-rider perhaps desperately controlling 
the action, such as it is.

Then again, what constitutes a prim, a thing, a thing-in-itself, a proto- 
col, a code, an atom, a table of elements or fundamental particles, a 
resonance or plasma sending material worlds askew, exhausted, towards the 
defuge of potential (but never complete) annihilation? And what better way 
to think these things through, than to try them, on however distorted or 
miniscule a scale. -


Trails


I can see if someone has come into the exhibition space in Second Life; 
they leave a trail behind them, objects and spews that slowly disappear - 
in the meantime, the space is oddly denuded.

I want to explain why the space looks like an acid trip, why it's so 
crowded, so preposterous. And the reason has to do with anti-art, or 
non-art, making something that construes an environment instead of 
presenting an object or installation for contemplation. The objects in the 
SL exhibition have depth; they're not pieces or scatter pieces or process 
work - they're environment, an environmental space close to useless, 
replete, fecund. What appears to be actions are trajectories, complex 
interactive fields that mimic sentience.

Objects and spews head toward the depths; Julu is down there among them, 
moving in and out of the way, looking for the teleport sphere to return 
her to the surface. The teleport sphere is a phallic object, contained, 
curtailed; it is the only sculpture in the neighborhood.

Think of the space, spacings, as an ensemble of interrelated ecological 
niches; there are local customs, nestings, vectors, behaviors and behavior 
collisions. The space is utterly transformed through participatory move-
ment that environmental resonates. 

It's only this way that complex and alien phenomenologies assert them- 
selves - there's no piece or artwork presenting one or another problema- 
tic, only a skein or membrane simultaneously tending towards thought and 
its absence.


Weather, whether

From above you might or might not have weather,  you might or might not
stay with the local environment as the Linden gods hand it down - always
benign, never too much wind, no rain or snow or sleet or hail, nothing
to set your mind anywhere but at ease. No air, textured clouds, mostly
cumulus I think, and I think two banks of them. Fog, yes, and a day 
might cycle through 7-8 hours, I never counted. But you can set eternal
time, you can set it at midnight, at dawn or dusk, at midday. You might
move the sun around, you might set fog heights or intensities, all in
eternal space where avatars live forever, but disappear, and who is to 
know whether any disappearance is sad and final and prims forever lost.
There's no fear but from the servers, as invisible as the furies, and
there are no shadows but from the sun and thin light from a moon that
seems full always, but who is to know this as well, or any thing within
a space that seems controlled and dire; you might float or fly, but 
your world is bounded, inescapable, even with small holes of video, 
live or otherwise, small holes of sound,  live or otherwise. Nothing is
going to come out and touch you, not now, and soon in the future, when
the hand reaches from the screen, who knows what force or thing or 
organism is driving it, who knows what intention lies behind it, what
danger lurks. We live in ignorance within and without, and that only
for that short time beyond which an utter inconceivable blankness 
reigns. You can control lights, but local lights rarely make shadows,
and even that, everything, depends on bandwidth and bandwidth settings,
on frames and frame-rates, on complexity of prims and texture sizes, on
the number of participants online at any moment - all sorts of things 
you might well study and examine, viewing the stats bars, coming on 
later and later at night as others disappear elsewhere, without a 
murmur and only the slightest increase of speed. You know you're riding
on the dead, on silent computers, on all those lives logged off now and
then or permanently, and who is to know, who is to know, who is to know.

ii. If this transmission is not dev/nul and void, it will reach you. If
it does not reach you, I write under a differend configured by the Net
and its political economy. If I protest on the occasion of fog, you 
will not hear me. If you are my enemy and have passed on, you may have
died, you may be elsewhere, you may be off the grid, you may be on 
another. If you are my enemy, your silence unnerves me; if you are my
friend, your presence is an unknown sign, just as absence can be of any
thing or any one, and zero may carry 0*X, insofar as X is finite, and
regular, normative, and then who knows?

In the fog of Second Life, preferences also govern distance - what can
or cannot be seen out there - what constitutes the Pale. Enter the 
Pale and familiarity twists and perhaps disappears; go far enough, and
you may be grieving for another home, griefing among aliens. Within
your space, however, you are comforted, surrounded by familiar objects,
you may have constructed these objects, they are history for you, they
refuse decay, they may escape out of world, but are always there as if
gleaming and presenced, and shininess is something else again that may
or may not be turned out, permitted, just as in the real world where
sun and shininess are everywhere presencing. But here it is not the
local light, at least not in my version; in my version my home is on
an island and there are hills and clouds, and what's beyond, Heere 
bee Dragonnes, is unknown, as I have been saying, and perhaps even
unaccountable and unaccounted-for. I inhabit a great and jagged sphere
and move comfortably, and in the distance there is that smoothness,
that fog that is always present, always there, day or night, that fog
against which all things comfortable and local are measured, my home
in the midst of the fog, my neighbors, my friends ...


Alone


Julu: I'm trying to tell you something, my gums
bleed, corrode, just like any others, in this stillness air,
in this absent air.
Nikuko: Wind blowing through you, around you, we
wait for those moments when sound will penetrate
bodies, resonate with dim and elder woods, 
make noise and even music, among us, to our delight.
Julu: In these dark woods, lights are pasted
across our sheave-skin bodies, blinding us;
through pure absence, nothing happens, codes are processed,
roil within the distant machines, at times no further
than the kindly things at home.
Nikuko: Speculating beyond your means, but yet my powers
have grown into astonishing beliefs. I can move things
I no longer can caress; the real flees from me, I am left 
distraught, along in spaces emptied of abstract surfaces. 
Julu: At a distance, we touch, and no longer no closer;
our loneliness lies in our uselessness for approach, caress,
and love. We meld into each other sometimes bridged across
these spaces, leaving trails and vestiges of garnered
presence - notes across chasms, worlds tuned across voids
where we, alien and aligned, despair of ever talking.
Nikuko: Yet born of one another, borne among each other,
our love continues to build, tune and emulate, and emulate
again, until nothing of original remains, only physics
born of inconceivable signs 'raised to an incandescent power.'
Julu: What is cleared, of space and time, is always replete;
what is replete is always alone; our things are never
in-themselves, but among-others; our monads slur their
boundaries helplessly, we are at the mercy of things and gods,
machines far beyond control.
Nikuko: Our love is always memory, that is our love.
Julu: Our flights, our poise, our wandering ways.
Nikuko: Prayerful life is useless, only our deaths entwined
will save us. -



tantric space


Tantric eyes are everywhere
Avatar legions come and stare
Slowly spaces turn up cleared
It's what objects have always feared
Open holes often leered
leads cross other places
When you go leave your traces
Your sight is buried in sites
You set world to days or nights
Objects murmur with fearful glows
Light sound make wayward shows
Across the floors their numbers legion
Crossing another region
Video grinds worlds halt
just a momentary bandwidth fault
touch ball below
again return flow
As if body spews drains
Against boundaries where it rains
The smoke spells out uncanny words
Prims disappear like frightened herds
Come forward get tantric due
Cum frantic dew
What see hardly leisure
Present for hardened pleasure
Leave all this empty behind
time place mind
worl  ays soun waywar an
eo grins worls s Vi
banwiIt's ban
wi
th y bo
isappear frightene hir hersforwar ueewharenePresent har
ene behinLeave behinmin 

Tantric eyes are everywhere
Avatar legions come and stare
Slowly spaces turn up cleared
It's what objects have always feared
Open holes are often leered
Open leads cross other places
When you go you leave your traces
Your sight is buried in other sites
You set your world to days or nights
Objects murmur with fearful glows
Light and sound make wayward shows
Across the floors their numbers legion
Crossing to another region
Video grinds the worlds to halt
It's just a momentary bandwidth fault
You touch your ball and go below
You touch again return and flow
As if your body spews and drains
Against the boundaries where it rains
The smoke spells out uncanny words
Prims disappear like frightened herds
Come forward get your tantric due
Cum forward set your frantic dew
What you see is hardly leisure
Present for your hardened pleasure
Leave all this empty world behind
Leave time and place and leave your mind


How to move through the exhibition space at Odyssey fun

This presumes you have downloaded the software, which installs itself 
automatically; after that, use the URL below and then read on.

If you go to view the Odyssey exhibition, try tuning the interface; it 
works best if you set the time at midnight through the Environment 
Settings in the World directory of the menu. If you use the environmental 
editor, you can set the atmosphere/image at Pirate and increase the mist. 
If you use ctl-alt-t, you can see invisible objects (perhaps). If you 
begin the video, and it ends as you move through the space, start it 
again; there is different video in different parts of the space, and the 
same goes for the audio - except for the 12 small invisible audio cubes. 
If it's running slow, open the menu, go to Edit/Preferences/Graphics and 
lower the Quality and Performance. You may also check Custom, then check 
Atmospheric Shaders. When you enter the space, try flying through objects; 
they will move out of the way for the most part, for between 10 and 30 
seconds. Fly and turn around and you'll see you've cleared a space. If you 
see a sphere, you may touch it with a left-hand mouse click; a sphere 
above takes you below, and vice versa. The spheres don't move out of the 
way. If you walk through the space, try going between the stairs into the 
water below, or fall through the well, or go over the wall bounding the 
island. You may not be able to take your avatar there; click on View and 
then on Camera Controls; you'll see a small panel open. The controls on 
the right slide your viewpoint left or right, up or down; the middle 
slides it in or out, and the left turns it about various axes. You can use 
this to look beneath the surface of the water where the avatar won't go, 
or to slide into the space in order to see the objects without having them 
disappear in the presence of the avatar. You can zoom in on the objects or 
enter into the particle streams and watch them fill the screen with 
objects and color. You can go through the floorboards with the Camera 
Control and see the objects that have disappeared from the surface. If you 
go to the right of the building wall, you'll notice dark figures 
disappearing on occasion into the distance - these are avatar emanations 
from the objects and appear every once in the while, perhaps 10 to 20 
seconds themselves. You may sit on some of the objects by right-clicking 
the mouse button on them, then clicking on Sit Here - sometimes it's 
possible, and sometimes not. You may be able to sit on a moving object 
which gives you a local ride. If you type 'm' or use the menu, you may 
active the Mouselook function which allows you to see the world 'through' 
the avatar's eyes, and this is fine for a ride or exploration. You don't 
have access to Camera Control in Mouselook. With some moving objects, you 
may be able to go beneath them when they rise; they might push you down 
through the floor to the water below, where you will use the sphere to 
return. You may also be cast into the air or find yourself tripping or you 
may find yourself pushed out of the way. If other people, avatars, are in 
the space, you may talk and chat with them; if you rise above the space, 
you can watch them as objects disappear in their vicinity, and space is 
cleared for them and for your view from above. You may want to look for a 
moment at the site at dawn or dusk, which adds lovely reds or pinks, and 
you can activate these through the Environment editor as well; midday is 
the least interesting. If you want to take a digital image or photograph 
of the scene, you can use the Snapshot function at the bottom of the 
screen, or Take Snapshot, ctl-shift-s, under the File menu; the advantage 
of the latter is that you can tune the direction your avatar is looking by 
moving the panel around on the screen before taking the shot. You may use 
ctl-r to run through the space, which takes objects out faster. You may 
find it difficult to enter or leave the space - there are invisible 
barriers built into the gamespace itself, and it is easiest to enter to 
the right of the announcement sign; if you have difficulty navigating you 
can always fly into the space and then walk around or continue flying. If 
you have the talk function enabled on the lower right of your screen, and 
a microphone, you can talk to other avatars or make noise, and if you have 
speakers you can of course listen to other avatars talking as well. 
Chances are you will be alone or with one or two people at a time in the 
environment, but this allows you to explore the objects fully without 
having them disappear as the result of other avatars' movements. Below are 
some images from the current state of the installation, which is at a kind 
of 'plateau,' and won't change for the next few days.




Weight


anomalies of recognition between weighted object and Julu Twine
s/he buries hir head in the sand
s/he recovers and that complicates matters of representation

the weighted object has pushed Julu Twine down into the sand
s/he is standing in and out of the sand and the ground deconstructs
by which Julu means that the ground is opened and oddly angled
and that the ground is not at gamespace's edge

Second Life as a lab - continues to be a lab. how long before this 
set of constraints, images, geographies, bandwidths and game engine, 
becomes stale, bulky, close to collapse. I will close my eyes, says 
Julu, and the same things reign near & far, surely there is more to 
life than this, signifiers of defuge handed down by their creator 
Linden Labs and whatever whomever the associates. I will close my 
eyes and will hear nothing more. Nikuko says, I hear nothing more. 
chorus, that our space is tawdry in eptitude and plenitude, close to 
the starved prim, all sheave-skins are alike, equivalent. chorus, it 
takes few rules to deceive the eye and its rule, few rules for sight 
and sound. Julu, I will continue to dwell, this defuge itself is 
sufficient, this disgust, this paste. for if it were not for this, 
what might emerge is (would be within) the range and reign of the 
digital, now here is something different, this paste, exhaustion, 
limitation. chorus, the rings no long sound their particle home. 
Nikuko, the rings have absented, where are they, what fecundity has 
driven them away, elsewhere. Julu, not elsewhere but absent-in- 
depth, that is to say a mode not working stillborn, that is to say 
the scripting has returned to dead language, that is to say nothing 
to perform here in these parts. chorus, that is to say already 
performed or sounded, sighted, rendered useless by a constant. Julu, 
the constant of the game. Nikuko, the constant of Linden Labs, 
nothing that is arbitrary or sloughed off. Julu, nothing skimmed or 
spewed. Nikuko, nothing that derides-derails the protocol. Julu, 
code-coding performance. chorus, who knows what we will do. Nikuko, 
in response. Julu, in response. chorus, but within, not without. 
chorus but within the sloughed, circumscribed the slough. Nikuko, 
but in response. Julu, but in response.


My not inconsiderable sins in Second Life

I have overburdened the servers with far too many video and image 
textures.
I have added too many prim scripts to too many objects.
I have required far to complex screen redrawings time and time again.
I have taken apart the building where the exhibition is held.
I have revolved the panels of the building eternally and they may jump 
as well from place to place.
I have dissolved the boundaries of the building and opened it to every
aspect of the environment.
I have sent particles onto foreign soil or the soil of other parcels.
I have created problematic images to texture both prims and particles.
I have clotted the environment with particles and immoderate prims.
I have created circulations among particles and prims that threaten to
subvert the intentions of other artists or cultural workers anywhere in
the vicinity.
I have made it difficult to enter or leave the exhibition.
I have made it quite possible to trap the viewer beneath the floor of
the exhibition until a gateway sphere is round.
I have coated gateway spheres and other objects from time to time with
obscene or sexual imagery.
I have created a false sense of tantric enlightenment by the comple- 
tion and generation stages of gods unknown to me.
I have betrayed the trust of those who fly and those who walk or run
into the complex of the exhibition space.
I have made the organized disorganized and the countable uncountable 
and unaccounted-for.
I have created a sense of disequilibrium and non-equilibrium thermo- 
dynamics in a space known for the excellence of its organization and 
propriety of its codes and protocols.
I have brought a sense of miasma and sleaziness into the perfection of
parameter and prim.
I have opened the exhibition space to the effects and influences of
places and spaces outside the structure proper and opened places and
spaces outside the structure to the effects and influences of the
exhibition space.
I have blurred the distinction between internal and external.
I have created an environment close to that considered griefing along
with grieving and griefing avatars that seem self-contained and
somewhat intimidating to those unfamiliar with the operations and 
customs of Second Life.
I have placed far too much information in far too small a space and 
time making it impossible to grasp or digest the subtleties of the
exhibition which most likely will be overlooked.
I have taxed administrators and programmers alike in the daily reorg- 
anization and reconfiguration of the space.
I have returned objects and avatars to other spaces.
I have sent objects out of world and some of them have never been
returned.
I have created and reveled in a mess where others might want at least
a modicum of order in order to comprehend the mass aesthetics that
seems to constitute a very problematic work.
I have overlaid the whole with far too much theory.
I have thought too much and have left little space for spontaneous
creation with the exception of the tunings and retunings that constan- 
tly occur.


Ideal Unaccountable Space


IDEAL: Black anomalous SPACE. The light SOURCE is EITHER interior GLOW, 
defined by the OBJECTS THEMSELVES, or external ATMOSPHERIC LIGHT from SUN 
or MOON. Or NONE OF THESE. The SPACE is SELF-DEFINING, apparently BOUND- 
LESS, within which INORDINATE OBJECTS define themselves. GRAVITY has been 
SET to CONTROL two WITHIN such; these are CONTRARY to the MEANS and WAYS 
of LITTORAL REVOLUTION. 

This isn't anything that could be done outside of Second Life, and giving 
an experience otherwise than being.


Hi Sugar, an open letter which is also a text or poetics -

This is the fallingsky series, which occurs in the skysphere; it needs the 
base exhibition space to make any sense, I think. There are several 
elements in it, including physical objects which collide and may in fact 
go out of world, leave the lifespace altogether. That's fine with me; it's 
always possible to replenish them. There are other objects that rotate, 
and objects that both rotate and shuttle; these are a form of creative 
impulse. At small volume, shuttle turns to shudder, frisson, as if there 
were an organism within that adjusts itself homeostatically every decade 
of seconds or so. The organisms - those with weight, those which rotate, 
those which shuttle, interpenetrate and interact with one another; nothing 
is produced but the semblance of community, which for all intents and 
purposes _is_ community. Another element is a small rotating lozenge which 
generates the usual rings; these are small textures sufficiently light to 
run on most machines with everything else going. Here, the element clearly 
shuttles in a rectangular pattern which is reproduced as a lineage; this 
is evident in the shuttled rectangles strung out along the ring-beads 
which of course are particles in constant but relatively even movement. 
All of these objects and spews, and murmurs of movement, deconstruct the 
machine, any such, reconstructing organism out of the remnants, or at 
least the dream or miasma of organism. It fascinates me that the show here 
in the skysphere has to be constantly tended, to keep the objects within.

The sexuality of these objects is one of apparent infinite or wrapped 
pattern - a sexuality which transverses fields which are self-defining; in 
other words the transversing is both field and transversal, transgression 
and ingression. Thus the textures, mouths, lozenges, against an infinite 
blackness that wraps upon itself with the thinnest of shells.

Here, within the skysphere, I find I can work with almost total freedom, 
without restraint from gravity - unless desired - and other artifacts 
coding and reminiscent of the real/physical world both within virtual and 
physical space, what I call the true real. So just as my stay at West 
Virginia is coming to an end, so the space has become the most fully 
developed I'm capable of at the moment. Since I have, I think, several 
months of residency left (three?), I can use this arena or space as a 
crucible for viewing and re/viewing phenomenological issues of objects and 
their potential inconceivability. Don't forget that even ordinary objects 
won't last very long in the grand scheme of things - a scheme in which 
plasma, not hardened material substances - is the dis/order of the day. 
For me, _every_ object is inconceivable, both intrinsically and 
extrinsically, and this crucible, skysphere, gives me the opportunity to 
explore these issues - particularly as the entrance to the sphere should 
be through the already existing Odyssey exhibition space proper. Just as 
there are teleport spheres sending one down into the water and/or out 
again, so there should be teleport spheres sending one up as if 
indefinitely into the skysphere. The semiotics of the skysphere are set 
out in the exhibition, which can be read as a moving and perhaps virulent 
book; this coding basis, appearing as a self-generating field of part- 
objects, then infuses the demateriality of the skysphere. The skysphere 
itself is non-text, and its contents non-textual; there are residues and 
residences of the uncanny and abject present, as well as negation, 
homeostasis, and intermittency.

(Beginning of problematic claim.) All of this above isn't about Second 
Life itself, although manifestations like the skysphere would be different 
elsewhere. It's also not about Linden Labs, current server costs, 
bandwidth issues, game computers and the like; these will change and the 
political economy of the Net will continue to transform (if not disappear 
altogether). Right or wrong, I think of this work as concerned with the 
phenomenology of the virtual, and the inhering of the virtual in the 
physical world. This inhering has existed since dreams, gestures, 
languagings, tools, customs, have existed - in other words, since culture 
has existed, and one can easily make a case that culture has existed all 
the way down; even amoeba demonstrate learning and adaptation. The 
phenomenology of the virtual is about our very being, our inhabiting, of 
ourselves, others, worlds, signs, totalities and their ruptures. It's 
interesting to think of _this_ virtual world at this time as a practical 
laboratory for philosophical work, but I claim that it is, and that this 
and other spaces create unique opportunities for participant-observation 
in epistemological, ontological, and other issues, often considered 
off-limits to concrete experimental investigaton. (End of problematic 
claim.)

Please let me know how to activate a teleport sphere to these regions; is 
a flight bracelet required or desired? And let's do an announcement to 
open it up to a public, if possible. In the meantime, there's always the 
fallingsky jpg series, as well as a very short video segment indicating 
blackness and blurred potential.


Inside the Sphere, description and theory

Several molecular engines within the aegis of the sphere; out of world 
anomalous behavior seems to have slowed. I'm running Second Life on my 
Asus eeepc 701; contrary to what I've read, the installation went in 
flawlessly and SL runs reasonably well in the Debian Etch environment. I 
made a few minor changes, placing the cache on an external flash card for 
example; the SL client wouldn't run from the card, but the cache is fine. 
To make up for the 512 meg memory, I increased the cache to 600 meg and 
turned media off. Everything runs, albeit slowly; the image is clear 
enough to allow some house-cleaning on the road.

Inside the sphere, since it's self-contained - an 'environment' seems to 
form, one that appears self-bounded. In other words, there is always 
inscription; if it's not inherent in a given virtual world, it's going to 
be created as soon as one begins to configure anything. An object carries
structure; even anomalous or ghostly spews or objects create an uncanny 
domain (appear to tap an uncanny domain). 

In other words, inside the sphere, you don't see the sphere, flat black 
against nothing. So the objects are there, but you don't necessarily think 
they're _somewhere._ Where they are is circumscribed by their presence. 
They seem to be a closed manifold. There doesn't seem to be anything 
beyond them. The manifold seems differentiable. The ring streams, though, 
seem to go somewhere; they're vectors, directed line segments; they seem 
cut off; they disappear; perhaps there's something to that disappearance, 
after all. One moves around and among objects and rings and whatever one 
might consider particles and objects, but it's difficult to move around 
here without breaking the fragility of the illusion, what might be 
considered a second-order illusion. 

What's presenced within the sphere, a simulacrum of an organism, simultan- 
eously passive and generating; the repetition of a rectangle defined only 
as a process (again, a second-order process within the processes/protocols 
of Second Life itself), moving and disappearing, clearly the result of an 
other movement drawing and drawn in three- dimensional space; a signal or 
memory of a signal: A memory of a signal is a signal; a signal is always 
memory. How clear that is in the sphere! How clearly understood!

And such is the meaning-memory of organism and the murmuring of organism, 
even in a digital-granular domain such as this one.


of death and dealing

preparatory moves, logging in through the cache. this is the background of 
gamespace memory; in 3 and 1 for example you can see the fundamental prims 
on the way to full load. the full grey is on the way to skysphere. resolu- 
tion is lower but higher than you might imagine; one can sacrifice speed 
and framerate for resolution.

this is the reverse processing of worlds after death, as full a represent-
ation as one might want of bardo, which is unrepresentable. one emerges 
out of nothing, returns to it through a world always already emptied and 
empty.


death


there are no dealings with death
death doesn't deal with you
you don't see the hands of death
death doesn't show its cards

death shows its cards to the living
sometimes they weep and wail
the casket doesn't exist
ashes and body don't exist

death's cards are never stacked
there is no stacking the cards
there are no cards of death
there's no dealing with the living

there's no understanding the living
they walk around and talk
they stutter stumble shudder
the other stops them

the other is their body
the other is their death's body
death doesn't exist
the other doesn't either



julu murmured hello
julu, no, s/he 
nikuko muttered i couldn't care less
but not murmured. something else, closer to muttering, friendlier.
not whispering, nothing like that.
but not i couldn't care less. something else, closer to disdain,
but not quite. a return that veered into the unknown. but polite,
polite conversation, not exactly a rejoinder. nikuko muttering,
i thought so, or i thought you knew. an implication, knowing:
more than that, more than you'd let on. but not that exactly.
julu, murmuring - hello.
nikuko, muttering - it could only get worse.
or it will only get worse. but what, a morning, afternoon, or
evening. or somewhere else, perhaps it will turn elsewhere,
against the odds. as if julu garbled. perhaps these two fine
people. but it falls off, these weren't the volleys or returns.
these weren't anything at all. 'all memories are memories of
annihilation.' that's it, for what could be remember if there
were no end to it, packaging, however brief and quickening. 
nikuko, muttering: there's an end to an end, call it memory.
julu, murmuring: i remember now, hello again.


exile

i can't believe where it's gotten me again. this exile, this denudation, 
this exhaustion which seeps through me like the Caucasus. burned, i would 
do no less than refuse the laws of gravity, gravitas, hopeful instead that 
one might finally fly elsewhere, elsewhen.
whatever the case was, it wasn't mine. there was an explosive within, 
expulsion of air, breath gone awry. this was remonstrance
 imminent: nothing 
lasts where the only sense of origin is rooted in the body, your body, 
inherent in it, inhering. place it in the mouth or eyes, place it in the 
cunt. you can't leave without magic, there are no signposts, nothing, 
nowhere to go. not when you're a planet yourself, among self and selves.
honor the dead is no honor at all, you are in the breathless realm, beings 
depend on you. 

you have to follow the realm of the dead, travel beneath the surface, 
hurtle into the skysphere, which more often than not may reject you, try 
and again until you're there. what is flat back recreates your Origin 
within you; fecundity has no presence. see how poor these video remnants 
are; travel yourself with yourself, your Origin, and see exactly that, 
process and operators, self-generations, completions and then some


Jumble


After this I needed air.

The jumble begins to take advantage of screen resolution and frame/flicker 
rate; objects revolve and generate lissajous/moire/illusory patterns as a 
result of hatchings and cross-hatchings, read/write speed, cache speed, 
and a host of other variables.Jumble changes from machine to machine, 
resolution to resolution, and shading operators. Moving through the space, 
turning video/sound on and off - the phenomenology changes in relation to 
the dialectic established when an abacus was first used, at lightning 
speed, bullae scattered everywhere. Every marker is always already virtu- 
al, every marker is on the way towards disappearance, every annihilation
has the potential for memory, perhaps later, inscription. The jumble here 
resolves, as every jumble does, on a micro-level; it is the non-aristotel- 
ian that throws everything off, gesture which trips up where raster and 
orthogonal configurations lie.

Jumble in physical reality = noisy, not chaotic. Jumble in Second Life = 
equivalent to the order of perfection = the perfection of order. 


flix


another attempt obviating moire/lissajous. site passed Vegas a while ago:

site has no weight, thin slice; what the screen does, inertial mass, some- 
thing else, carrier or parasite. it all disappears shortly after death. I 
need someone creating hardware, stone, nonexistent inscriptive bulwark. 
Julu cries out of Titus Andronicus, will be forgotten. words lose tongues 
and hands, painlessly, but extrinsic, unable to testify. no testimony, no 
annihilation; successful annihilation is no annihilation at all. memory 
relies on death, diacritical-death, as if something were amiss. tongues 
and hands are painful; Second Life, airless, disappears among them. Waking 
this morning I realized this work is unbelievably flimsy, fragile, entire- 
ly disappearing at the end of the residency - a radical disassembly that 
hardly passes for erasure - given that nothing existed here in the first 
place. This absence becomes an unreadable epitaph under erasure. These 
words, too owe their existence to the imminence of electrical charges far 
and beyond that of paper, stone, scissors, rock. So it goes and doesn't 
return.


moss 


moss textures from the atoll package.
moss is neither volume nor surface; maximal and exquisite, fondling earth 
or bark or stone, it portends maternal fecundity, Julu Twine murmuring in 
her sleep.
moss is temperate, comforting, meandering lazily among ants and lichen. 
so many microbes, so much going on, in a pillow of soft and entrancing
moss!
moss in air, tendrils floating, almost, but not quite, hanging.
moss of mist, mist-moss, the very depth of organism!
neither object nor clothing surface lovely Julu Twine!
Julu Twine inhabits moss creatures, lichen, air-plankton creatures, 
misted, glowing, submerged, subterranean, in the midst of quiet winds.
moss softens what was hard, blurs what was defined, obscures what was 
clear, colors what was transparent, warms what was cool, hugs and delights 
in stone and earth, embraces bark - yes, mist-creatures, the slightest of 
fogs.
moss is always an ellipsis, speaking of moss is memory of moss.
even in front of one, moss is a memory, close to disappearance, 
evanescent.
close to disappearance, closed to disappearance. 
moss is open and closed, closed and open - look, it's almost forgotten!
the sward, mobile and translucent; Julu says more organism! more organism!
Julu Twine separates hirself from moss and memory, lichen and bark, air 
and water and earth. But moss separates itself as well; equivalence 
tunnels through equivalence; moss and Julu Twine emerge; here's where 
inscription starts and falters!


nukie


Julu Twine wears my skin which goes to magic places, penetrations by 
armies and young maiden youths, milky streams, mossed rocks, spheres with 
no landing, manifolds with no surface for a calm and lovely sitting - Julu 
Twine wears my skin, wears me, hir scent inflames, expands my slivered 
organ replete with carved inscription, how useless:Her skins lost in moss 
or plans of fabrication, hir skins coming foward, damped and suffused, hir 
skins of warmer weathers, hir skins of suckling cocks, hir skins of flowed 
interiors, such membranes, tissues, of organism s/he speaks, drools of sex 
caught, cauterized:Julu Twine is present, supple and impossible skin, such 
pubescent glow, slight swellings everywhere, all surfaces, interiors, 
scent among asymptotic spheres, what glows moves into body, twined of the 
flames, cool and aroused::

Your my heroin, caffeine, serotonin, miasma, cocaine, hash, alcohol, 
strychnine, absinthe, mercury... is in-me my where

heroin, caffeine, serotonin, miasma, cocaine, hash, alcohol, strychnine, 
absinthe, mercury...

Your impossible connects my heroin, caffeine, serotonin, miasma, cocaine, 
hash, alcohol, strychnine, absinthe, mercury... with needle


park


srenilyc dna snoitcennoc fo stsehc::.llew sa sevael ,flesti tcejbo eht 
,noitatic eht dna etis eht evael i ;nrob-llits si gnihtyreve tub .emit ni 
tniop siht ta lacitirc smees taht ygolopot ot yhpargopot morf evom a - 
cinagro eht ro cinihcam eht rehtie fo ecalp ni tros niatrec a fo 
ytivitcennoc stneserp tsael ta hcihw ',ratava' dna ',edon' ',rednilyc' 
sretcarahc htiw gnitirw neeb ev'i .elpoep eht wonk neve t'nod i dna 
noisivelet no seispotua fo spuesolc era ereht ,doog t'nsi ereh dnuora swen 
eht .uoy ot kcits a dloh t'nac taht seidob ratava htiw ysub oot neeb ev'i 
refinnej uoy togrof i:.regnuh ,htaed ,tsud ,snoteleks ,senob ,tsap eht fo 
xedni etaciled siht ,ti dnuof i nehw deirc i ho - detnuah ,esaeler 
,derehtetnu ,etacifitrec taht evah i ;tirem fo etacifitrec a dedrawa saw 
enoemos 1481 ni .etag eht ta retlaf sgnitirw ym os tsuj - sdlrow fo 
ytiligarf eht fo ,siht fo dias eb nac tahw .kcabdeef ,ecnalab laropmet ot 
deit os ,eligarf os er'yeht - snoitatneserper fo nieks a ni dezinagro era 
skrow dna sgnignoleb ym lla .syad fo rettam eht ni ,ylkciuq deneppah hcihw 
noisrepsid a ,sedaced revo delbmessa dna dezinagro ehs dlrow eht fo 
noisrepsid eht :htaed yna ni sneppah tahw ,deid rehtom ym nehw dnahtsrif 
denrael i ;meht evah t'nod netfo dna seman deen sgniht .msinagro dna 
noitcennoc fo egrem eht si rewolf eht ,epahs a si rewolf eht ,dnucef 
,detcennoc si rewolf eht:.dlrow eht krow .meht tegrof .emit ni tniop siht 
ta yrassecen ylno sporp ynam os sa raeppasid taht stcurtsnoc cinihcam 
,slexip ,smirp tub gnihton .nrobhtrae ,nrobria ,htriber fo etats tnatsnoc 
ni ,sselriah ,desnaelc ,lautriv eht fo yranigami ,laer eht fo tirg eht 
,noitatneserper fo seihpargopot ,aidem fo seigolopot ,aidem dna seidob fo 
seihpargopot ,erised fo seigolopot ,stnemom lla ,raeppasid sevil fo 
sevaehs ,sraeppasid taht yalpsid cinagro ni selor gniyalp-xes

strap dna stnemhcatta fo tesolc drawyaw ym ni si srotcev dna sedon fo 
selbat llams ruoY

refinneJ-uluJ em gninrut - strap dna stnemhcatta fo tesolc ym otni spees 

tsaerb ruoY

sey sey sey sey sey::secruos rewen ot tniop nettirw retteb seulav fo esu 
eht ylerus ,eert eht fo edis rehto eht fo tsdim eht ni ro dnoyeb eb tsum 
taht uluj raed gnihtemos s'ereht ,neercs eht gnigrembus seulav ralacs fo 
egnar a:esle gnihton dna refinnej tseraed refinnej raed oohoob seitnap ym 
ni gnitirw ma i nehw tew yrev yrev eb lliw i won ,uluj raed ,tros taht fo 
gnihtemos ro seireuq gnoma snoitairts ro senil fo gnitsil a ro ?erus eb ot 
,secruos eseht fo yreuq ro noitseuq a syawla s'ereht:ssel ron erom rehtien 
dna ecno desu gnihtemos ton fi ,sevlesruo tuoba yas i dluohs tahw ro ,txet 
fo ydob eht ,uluj tseraed ,ydob eht tuohguorht ro ssorca gnilwarc slatineg 
dna sevitineg ,sevitcejda dna snuon ,eseht sa erutalctnemom ro tnemom a 
hcus eb ereht dluohs

refinnej tseraed ton yeht era ,seitnap gniporg era sdnah dna dnilb 
gnilevart era ew ,no rehtruf dna tib tsethgils a tsuj tib tsethgils eht 
tsuj ro ,okukin tseraed ,seitnap tsettew ym htiw dne eht yas i erehw siht 
si ygde ym ni si sey sey sey sey sey erup ruoY

!ssel ron erom rehtien dna ecno desu gnihtemos ton fi ,sevlesruo tuoba yas 
i dluohs tahw ro ,txet fo ydob eht ,uluj tseraed ,ydob eht tuohguorht ro 
ssorca gnilwarc slatineg dna sevitineg ,sevitcejda dna snuon ,eseht sa 
erutalctnemom ro tnemom a hcus eb ereht dluohs gniytrap eht-fo-uluj sey 
sey sey sey sey erup ruoveD


crux


Julu's really something! Give up!
Yo! Dweeb! Whatever!
Cyberpunk or skatepunk?
You're out of your mind! Get lost!
A put-down, put out!
Put up with it on the spot!
Get real, blow up!
I can't get through to you - get it through your head?
Do you two get along? The deal goes sour.
Mind games - It got out of hand!
Chill! Get up!
Let's get down - nail someone!
I got to the bottom of it, twisted mind.
He gives me the creeps - spare me!
I got the jump on him - sleazebag!
We got down to business, scumbag.
Get off my case, screw lose.
Don't give me your lip, you're chicken.
We gave him the slip - you're out of your skull.
Julu's not herself recently - what's gotten into her?
Julu's really messed up.
He's caught between a rock and a hard place.
I didn't give it a second thought, boy-toy.
I want to get my hands on him! Gay, queer!
Techie - he's a total freak, he's packing a gun!
He gets hot under the collar, he's a real hothead!
Stop gawking! I'm spaced out.
I really lost it, bar-hopping; I'm really wasted.
Naked? Call an ambulance!


1,2,3 sequences


1, universal slaughterhouse of the scrawl

death is accompanied by the annihilation of memory, the annihilation of
death. the political economy of death: I will Julu Twine to you; I will
Nikuko Dojoji to you. Nikuko Dojoji passes beneath the sign of Alan, Alan
Dojoji, another quality of identification that disappears. The beginning
of cache-drawing in Second Life, the opening of the maw of the true world,
virtual real, is gray mass, gray goo, outlines devoid of color. What is
discernible is the growing, cawing, of memory always already at work
signifying what is to come: proper names for these puppets or extensions,
these flesh-works redolent of the human. Inscribe Julu Twine, and that is
hir beginning and ending; hir cunt is dry fold in protocol codework dead-
space; hir skin tears at the seams. Look closely and frisson disappears
into ridging, swollen rips in the fabric of visual presence. Look closer
and real slaughter begins.

2, invasions

torso-moss destruction of a great nation.
an environment for all ages and ideologies.
a platform for espousal of new ideas.
a compilation of redolent primitivism.
one-sided imaginary of dream-world imagery.
armies of the non-economic.
ruptured slaughterhouse of sea and island.
political economic of bandwidth bandits.

These will stop. These will come to an end, these experiments in space,
time, movement, bandwidth, interaction, perception, virtuality. These
will absolutely stop. These will absolutely come to an end.

From the concrete, steel, and brick building of the Virtual Environments
Laboratory to the invisible, transparent, physical, translucent, and
opaque manifolds of the virtual reality of Second Life - this is a complex
domain of phenomenological experimentation that continues to expand and
surprise.

3, Julu Twine sky-writer

Julu emits particle torso smoke, black smoker as undersea, seabottom, 
airless; hir movements sky-write fluidly and beautifully for everyone 
to see. I can demonstrate live in Second Life; let me know when you 
might be present -


fully opened, fully closed


Julu Twine was tuned and retuned; the particle spew was moved from abdomen 
to chest - the bvh files had more movement in that region than in the 
pelvis, which was near the root node, and therefore fairly quiescent. 
Once the move was made, the invisible generator attachment was slid back 
into the area of the womb, since birth occurs in the tuning and retuning. 
What then? For the most part, a simulacrum or masquerade of a womb or 
pelvis or abdomen node. Symptoms develop: on occasion the source of torso 
generation moves from womb to a position outside the body of Julu Twine; 
it's following the chest, not the womb, and therefore a displacement 
occurs. Now with spawn - which is just that, spawn from loins as displace- 
ment from chest - it's possible to see Julu Twine in mid-air with full 
movement, and Julu Twine confined in an enclosed watery depression between 
building and earth. In the confinement, there is shuddering; in the shud- 
dering, there is masquerade and continuous torso production which appears 
to emerge freely from the space, a signal or at the very least, a sign. 
But this emergence, this torso, itself is a fantasm; it's nothing more 
than a texture, a detailed square patch which appears, from certain 
angles, to possess weight, dimension, volume. So this is one fantasm among 
many, but a fantasm which goes nowhere; it can't be grasped in Second Life 
and such couldn't be grasped anywhere. So the shuddering, this apparent 
simulacrum of sex, this byproduct of confinement according to the codes 
and protocols of Second Life, produces a signal and a frisson among non- 
existent bodies, perhaps among viewers, perhaps a thrill or shudder, 
again, at the birth of a symptom. It's this symptom, this excess of desire 
in confinement and plein air, that disturbs, is read, goes nowhere - and 
goes nowhere because of its autonomy, autonomic nervousness, autonomic 
neurosis, railroad kidney and railroad spine and the like. It's what 
appears to be a chance result of programming; it's in reality the uneasy 
confluence of programming and interoperability, and collisions among 
programs. I take full responsibility, at the same time releasing Julu 
Twine to hir own amazing ends. Now I dream Julu Twine, I no longer know my 
own sex, but I own to no other and know no other, nor an other; it's all 
uncomfortable and dis/eased masquerade, something tawdry that I simultan- 
eously turn towards and away from, something in my character, a virus or 
parasite, a parasite of alterity, dreams of others, incandescent.


Liminal, slow


There are liminal moments when real and virtual intersect in a contrary 
and wayward matter, when Second Life, or any other program, isn't quite 
loaded, is only half present. Like the older work of jodi.org, the user's 
attention turns half towards immersion, and half towards anomaly - 
simultaneous tacit knowledge and paradox. Usually these moments are quick; 
sometimes they are slow, even permanent. There are also liminal spaces, 
which might be defined as equivalent, but there are also liminal spaces at 
game's edge, whether formed by island or height. Again, anomaly occurs; 
everything is problematic.

As I type this, I look out the window; there are light cumulus clouds in 
the dusk sky, reminiscent of Second Life dusk - but only if the Quality 
and Performance slider is set high; otherwise, the sky is blank, tawdry, 
unreal in any life. Here is yet another limit, and there are similar 
limits built into the software itself - details aren't all that fine, but 
as usual with avatars and landscapes, blank out into pixel-mania, no 
matter what the bandwidth. (And dreams? How are these configured; if one 
spends hours in Second Life, what happens then, if anything?)


(SPACE)
PLEASE, I BEG YOU.
(SPACE)
THIS TEXT IS CREATED BY JULU TWINE, ALAN DOJOJI, ALAN SONDHEIM. WE BEG 
YOU, IMPLORE YOU, TO TAKE THIS TEXT - ONE WAY OR ANOTHER - PRESERVE IT 
OFFLINE.. INSCRIBE IT IN METAL, PHOTOGRAPH IT (SILVER FILM ONLY), TURN IT 
WITH OAK AND LATHE; PAINT IT WITH ARCHIVAL PAINTS ON ARCHIVAL CANVAS. THE 
BEST IS BRONZE: CARVED IN BRONZE, IT MIGHT SURVIVE.
(SPACE)
OTHERWISE, IT IS LOST, THIS ONE REMNANT OF OUR WRITING; OUR NAMES - AND 
LET US NOT FORGET NIKUKO, JENNIFER, TRAVIS, AND CLARA - ARE LOST AS WELL. 
PRESERVE MY NAMES, I BEG YOU. LET SOMETHING REMAIN.
(SPACE)


answering no one's critique +


To the criticism that my approach to Second Life is naive, apolitical 
ahistorical, and so forth: let me say this in my defense - that if one 
desires to study the phenomenology of any grouping of organisms, before * 
the overt socio-cultural issues are analyzed, it's necessary to understand 
the basics of their way of living, their space-time comprehension of 
whatever might pass for the real. To understand primates, for example, one 
might study their groupings (nations), customs, and conflicts in relation 
to strained resources - but one might study, first, their mode of being in 
the world, of which groupings, customs, and conflicts are at best only a 
developing part. ** The culture, the intrinsic and extrinsic political 
economy of Second Life, *** or any virtual world, are critical, but first 
comes the phenomenology of being-virtual in relation to the structural 
basics of that world. I realize I'm begging the question, that one can and 
does argue for political economy and culture, for that matter, all the way 
down - I've done that repeatedly myself. **** But the phenomenology and 
reach of virtuality is far greater and deeper than these institutions, 
***** although entangled and inhering within and without them; I want to 
look at what's possible, what a user might extend or expand towards, 
should s/he or he inhabit the psychological, physical, and phenomenologic- 
al limits of a space. ****** Physiology, neurophysiology, psychogeography, 
topography, sexuality, for examples - abjection, debris, edge phenomena, 
server phenomena in relation to all of these. Later, although simultane- 
ous, construction, configuration, intrinsic and extrinsic economies, 
corporate and political affiliations and hacking, community and commun- 
ality, interfacing with other worlds including the physical. ******* It's 
the latter, institutionalization, deterritorialization, and so forth, that 
constitutes most of the analyses I've read ******** - issues of the 
rational or at least psychoanalytical and normative subject, ********* 
however defined. Problematizing these in relation to delirium, frisson, 
dirt, flight, coherency, primary identifications and narcissisms if such 
exist - these are areas I scuttle about, beneath the surface of the 
_thing._ As example, _I, Avatar_'s description of sexuality in terms of 
groups, wars, dialogs, narrative, but not in terms of arousal, ejacula- 
tion, sexual triggers, uneasy dreams, worlds falling apart. I know, here, 
I'm not expressing myself clearly (I'm writing under severe depression and 
a kind of mental chaos), ********** but the distinction's there and more 
than lip-service is needed in relation to what humans are doing to them- 
selves on a fundamental level within the concretization of fantasm, the 
uncanny, the untoward. *********** My site attempts ************ experien- 
cing and thinking through these things by circumscribing what's recogni- 
zable, navigable, accountable, and unaccountable, in both the physical 
world and these fully-inscribed worlds (protocols and code all the way 
down ************* ) that surface and run (are refreshed, refresh-rate 
************** ) in the midst of potential muck that may, for the parti- 
cipant, *************** problematize that very inscription (purity, in 
other words, towards impurity, acceptance towards stigma, clarity towards 
loss). (Don't worry, no one can do everything; the problem of course is if 
what's done bypasses or occludes inherent and necessary connections to 
what isn't. **************** )

+ small caps = false humility!
* as if there were a sequence here!
** "only"? begging the question!
*** there's a difference?!
**** irrelevant call to what history?!
***** absurd! this sort of qualification/quantification is nonsense!
****** again, a false mathesis, false geometrics here!
******* what is this "later"? why these levels, sequences, excuses?!
******** specious and suspicious lack of references!
********* seriously implying a relationship here?!
********** first, making excuses! second, bad analysis of _I, Avatar_!
*********** bad analysis - how and why are these things "concretized"?!
************ false humility, the worse sort of rhetorical trope!
************* here we go again with false geometrical analogy!
************** absurd extension based on similar roots!
*************** why? another red herring!
**************** another excuse! footnotes, self-condemnation!


Julu's home enTwined


julu emits particle torso smoke, black smoker as undersea, seabottom, 
depth analysis of deep-sea black smoker interiors, airless response.

julu lives and works on a small square or spit of land attached to 
nothing.

land sucks up everything, land is it.
water sucks up the land. the sea is indefinite, nothing lives there,
nothing visible, not now. perhaps later you might find someone, something, 
take your time. 

it's all confusing. one misstep, and s/he's lost hir bearings. the flat 
sun rises and sets, glaring, subdued. weather might come later.
or a cool breeze.
the sun and moon cast shadows. there must be waxing or waning moons, 
eclipses, crescents. i don't remember any of them.
julu only knows full and emptied sky, no thunderstorms, lightning.
not yet, nothing programmed by lindenlabs.

things might come later.
julu waits for the rain.



julu, pierced


was a bit difficult to set this up and julu had to wear hir flight 
bracelet but we (Julu and I) managed to take these aerials from 
around 650 meters up - it might not seem that high, but with the 
use of false perspective we might as well have run up the kilometers.

over and over again, imagining this abject site until i'm exhausted,
julu's exhausted, nikuko's exhausted. this can't go on much farther,
can it. i can jam the site until everything halts, i lose my account,
julu disappears forever. i can slow up things uselessly - you'd have
to return two weeks from now to see any changes. at night my dreams
are distorted, julu doesn't have any, but she's in them. s/he walks
in fevers like the night. 

daggers, that's what's shooting out. nikuko, blind, the rest of us.

i keep reading about second life, it's something else, not mine; i'm 
waiting for the axe to fall, alan supine, imagine. 


archetype starwoman lightwoman Julu lights up the sky, light furiously 
cascades around her, back home in Brooklyn, it's dark, lights off, it's as 
if the bombs are falling everywhere, as if we're huddled in the dark, net 
down, power off, nothing but these memories, they'll disappear soon. once 
one point I thought memories the most obdurate matter of all, my mother, 
for example, and hir world, inconceivably rich, the depth of any other, 
then that, crashing down with hir somewhat sudden death, now s/he resides 
in objects and objects dispersed, the skein is broken, so quickly and so 
corroded.

my own world's time and its historiography, I can't recognize myself, dear 
Julu.  with starwoman lightwoman perhaps something remains, sears itself, 
at least in my mind, there was _that_ image and _that starwoman,_ and my 
mother's voice and for how long. the blacker my depression, unmeasured 
darkworld, the more light separates, bubbles forth, the more the froth of 
the bubbles, the more memory of childhood, a day, for example, on a 
tricycle on a sidewalk, myself rocking back and forth, the green of trees, 
white of cement, black of tricycle.

starwoman lightwoman takes me somewhere else dear God I do not want to see 
myself hear myself, dear God I do not want to live like this forever, not 
even for a year month a week minute second, atom clock hum stopped in 
disbelief at the first and present onslaught of an energized particle from 
distant Julu star, invisible to Julu, out of Julu world and stopping Julu 
breath as well


I, Julu, Hebrides

I will not live to see the sucking of the maw destroying local cosmos
in someone's grasping craw.

Julu dies idea-wise fucking law deploying yokals' cosmos dumbed unwon
and basking flaw.

Nikuko flies hir sucking jaw spoiling hokum cosmos summed and flown
through untasked haw.

Alan lies hir chucking paw boiling cum's cosmos bummed, honed, and 
moaned, stewed unmasked gnaw.

Jennifer sighs burrs, mucking daw soiling, hummed cosmos stoned and
groaned, rude sun tasked and yaw.

Menni surmise myrrhs, Jucking maw moiling, mummed cosmos moaned, manned,
moaned, mewed mun masked, manned, maw.


GLORY 


glory spews glory-wood baby; bleared 4-dim glory smeared across time : I 
cd not have done this work without the aid abet and glory of the American 
Emyre : glory pants inside glory pants out : time zone change: EST: pants 
inside-out < glacial intrusion: wet panties of Jennifer Glory, glorious [ 
caliber of yr bullet [ traceroute trace :skins fly thru the air there, cd 
fly thru it, Julu says, cum up for air, Julu is Oedipus mad, 
Julu-Carthaginian < so Nikuko's ground-level black smoker in the fucked-up 
world of Migraine-Toulouse, s/he sings If you ever cum this way again / 
watch out women watch out men / a plant planted leaves seeds and roots / 
smokers dye w/ rotted fruits > friends and Carthaginians give me yr skins 
& sing about the glory of better daze : time zone change: EST: 3 a.m. when 
it's the dark nite of the soul ::there's no glory in what i do, there's no 
glory in me or you, there's no glory in my bloody art, there's no glory on 
my bloody part, shadows everywhere for me and you, shadows everywhere is 
what Julu do, shadows skyward in a flock, shadows skyward hard as rock, 
there's no glory hole whole, there's no body whole, there's nobody's hole, 
there's no glorymachine ::

Your the ecstatis mary comes crimpled all skinned rezzed generous mary, 
what is 3 d 2 b? is in-me my where

ecstatis mary comes crimpled all skinned rezzed generous mary, what is 3 d 
2 b?

Your impossible connects my ecstatis mary comes crimpled all skinned 
rezzed generous mary, what is 3 d 2 b? with needle park

yr dealing with fuck-driven ecstatic glory cum-crumpled Alan Skin, says 
Jennifer Glory, what is 2 b dun? ecstatic glory cum-crumpled Alan Skin, 
says Jennifer Glory, what is 2 b dun? ecstatis mary comes crimpled all 
skinned rezzed generous mary, what is 3 d 2 b? ecstatis mary comes 
crimpled all skinned rezzed generous mary, what is 3 d 2 b?

sex-playing roles in organic display that disappears, sheaves

 of nodes and vectors is in my wayward closet of attachments and parts
Your small tables

 seeps into my closet of attachments and parts - turning me Julu-Jennifer
Your breast

should there be such a moment or momentclature as these, nouns and 
adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or throughout the body, 
dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say about ourselves, if 
not something used once and neither more nor less:there's always a 
question or query of these sources, to be sure? or a listing of lines or 
striations among queries or something of that sort, dear julu, now i will 
be very very wet when i am writing in my panties boohoo dear jennifer 
dearest jennifer and nothing else:a range of scalar values submerging the 
screen, there's something dear julu that must be beyond or in the midst of 
the other side of the tree, surely the use of values better written point 
to newer sources::yes yes yes yes yes

Your pure yes yes yes yes yes is in my edgy is this where i say the end 
with my wettest panties, dearest nikuko, or just the slightest bit just a 
slightest bit and further on, we are traveling blind and hands are groping 
panties, are they not dearest jennifer

Devour pure yes yes yes yes yes julu-of-the partying should there be such 
a moment or momentclature as these, nouns and adjectives, genitives and 
genitals crawling across or throughout the body, dearest julu, the body of 
text, or what should i say about ourselves, if not something used once and 
neither more nor less!

GLORY SPEWS GLORY-WOOD BABY
MEAT ME THERE



for hir we are dy9ing and the calling-forth


for hir, we are dy9ing


for hir, we are dy9ing, ju# k: kill all unconnected #g gladly, let me have 
your breast, let me drink from # o: options # and endings we are waifs, we 
are wayward,, we are mi# r: rering all # shit nor drink, wears us like a 
glove, # s: shell ## u: user list # we think hir thoughts only# w: output 
user to file #ly, taste hir sweet tongue ah ah ah ah ah we are, niu# q: 
quit #
                          ###########################

nikuko, our mouths open for hir, oh that s/he would dying of thirst in 
desiccation, oh s/he must be satisifed, must s/he not! where and when we 
suffer, suckle me, julu, let me bleed open for you and there, drink my 
blood, my bitter tears are openings for your speech, julu, we are contrary 
children, neither piss, nikuko, nor eat, we do nothing,

our mistress only, julu, suck hirsweet sweet flesh only, ah ah ah ah ah we 
are julu, ah ah ah ah ah


[ Nikuko and Julu, both emanents of a single mistress/master; they're 
different but inhabited similarly; they are equally opened; mistress peers 
inside them; they're splayed for hir; they are lovers sharing equivalent 
bodies; they're four-dimensional beings whose interiors open to any viewer 
daring to come close enough; they are both worn like gloves; they 
participate on the surface in sado-masochisms; they have no will of their 
own; they have given up will; they never had it in the first place; they 
speak through me; they meld; their dreams, our desires ... ]


the calling-forth


[ringing ...]
[Waiting for connection...]
[11;1Hif i could not write, i would be dead; it's necessary to signify my
life.
a life isn't worth living,,
 Nikuko, if it were dead or such beyond. you must wai
wait here with me, int
 this space residing with me.
[8Bwaiting if i could not write, julu, signifies nothing. i would write
your body,
your body imminent; i would write your body now, uncover it in one virtual
worl
world after another, skin emptied of all thought -
[Kemptied of all thought except for me, Julu, you within e
me as our mistress, whom
whomever, takes us on like a glove,
[14Cone after another, same think
thinking and no escape, same tune and no horizon
[36Cand no air, Nikuko, and no breathing, no br
breath, nothing but the hold our mistress
[7Chas upon us, julu, taking our
bodies one after another, wearing them visibile and invisible,
[42Cfucking our bodies, julu, sliced open
for hir, available to hir on every level, prim and primitive, hir body
, hir body prime fo
for receptioon
n, hir we
ait
[39Cours alone, niku
nikuko, our mouths open for hir, oh that s/he would
[24Cpiss on us, water us i t
n this desert, our mouths wide fo
for hir, we are dy9ing, julu,
[21Cdying of thirst in desiccat
desiccation, oh s/he must be satisfied, must s/he not! where and when we
suffer,
[30Cnikuko, hardly suffering gladly, let me have your
[9;1Hbreast, let me drink from it,
[18;1Hsuckle me, julu, let me bleed open for you and there, drink my
blood, my bitter
[18;1Htears are openings for your speech,
[30Cour sadness, beginn
nings and ed
ndings we are waifs,
[36Cjulu, we are contrary children,
[8Bwe are wayward,, we are misery themselves, we neither shit or d
nor drink,
neither pis
piss, nikuko, nor eat, we do nothing,
[18;1Hour ms
istress
[70Cwears us
[9;1Hlike a glove,
[9;1Hwe think hir thoughts only, move hir arms and legs u
only, taste hir sweet tongue
[13Conly, julu, suck hir sw
irsweet sweet flesh only, ah ah ah ah ah
[8Bah ah ah ah ah we are, niuko
kuko,
[40Cwe are
[Jjulu, ah ah ah ah ah
[32Cah ah ah ah ah

[Waiting for connection...]
if i could not write, i would be dead; it's necessary to signify my life.
[8Ba life isn't worth living,,
 Nikuko, if it were dead or such beyond. you must wai
wait here with me, int
 this space residing with me.
waiting if i could not write, julu, signifies nothing. i would write your
body,
your body imminent; i would write your body now, uncover it in one virtual
worl

world after another, skin emptied of all thought -
[Jemptied of all thought except for me, Julu, you within e
me as our mistress, whom

whomever, takes us on like a glove,
[50Cone after another, same think
thinking and no escape, same tune and no horizon
[13Dand no air, Nikuko, and no breathing, no br
breath, nothing but the hold our mistress
[49Chas upon us, julu, taking our
bodies one after another, wearing them visibile and invisible,
[21Dfucking our bodies, julu, sliced open
for hir, available to hir on every level, prim and primitive, hir body

, hir body prime fo
for receptioon
n, hir we
ait
[63Cours alone, niku

nikuko, our mouths open for hir, oh that s/he would
[27Dpiss on us, water us i t
n this desert, our mouths wide fo
for hir, we are dy9ing, julu,
[51Cdying of thirst in desiccati
desiccation, oh s/he must be satisfied, must s/he not! where and when we
suffer,
[49Dnikuko, hardly suffering gladly, let me have your
[18;1Hbreast, let me drink from it,
[9;1Hsuckle me, julu, let me bleed open for you and there, drink my blood,
my bitter
[9;1Htears are openings for your speech,
[6Dour sadness, beginn
nings and ed
ndings we are waifs,
[36Cjulu, we are contrary children,
[9Bwe are wayward,, we are misery themselves, we neither shit or d
nor drink,
[68Cneither pis
piss, nikuko, nor eat, we do nothing,
[9;1Hour ms
istress
[57Cwears us
[18;1Hlike a glove,
[18;1Hwe think hir thoughts only, move hir arms and legs u
only, taste hir sweet tongue
[13Conly, julu, suck hir sw
irsweet sweet flesh only, ah ah ah ah ah
[9Bah ah ah ah ah we are, niuko
kuko,
[72Cwe are
[Kjulu, ah ah ah ah ah
[11Cah ah ah ah ah


[ Nikuko and Julu, both emanents of a single mistress/master; they're 
different but inhabited similarly; they are equally opened; mistress peers 
inside them; they're splayed for hir; they are lovers sharing equivalent 
bodies; they're four-dimensional beings whose interiors open to any viewer 
daring to come close enough; they are both worn like gloves; they 
participate on the surface in sado-masochisms; they have no will of their 
own; they have given up will; they never had it in the first place; they 
speak through me; they meld; their desires, our dreams ... ]


Confusion


The exhibition arena hall and skysphere are clumped, colluded, coagulated, 
confused, contorted, convoluted, complicated, occluded, obscured, obfu- 
scated, and obstructed - to such an extent that editing at this point 
becomes almost impossible; an editor, myself through Julu or Nikuko (Alan 
Dojoji), literally can't see ahead, with or without mouselook, sufficient- 
ly to isolate and link individual prims. Everything is spewing against or 
towards everything else and the high-speed movement (rotatory, linear, in 
combination) of objects results in jumps from position to position; they 
remain ungraspable. It's also increasingly unclear as to what constitutes 
an object in the first place; particle spews are everywhere, as are alien 
permissions that refuse to be modified.

There are also slow-ups as a result of increasing bandwidth; Second Life - 
in other words my access to the representation of the virtual world - 
almost grinds to a halt at times. Think of over 2000 particles each carry- 
ing a video texture and moving at high-speed from sources that are also 
moving at high speed, among say, 300 three-dimensional and partially 
transparent prims (also moving, etc.), and you get the idea. So there is a 
shift in attention, from proper construction or deconstruction to the 
maintenance, management, and configuration of a miasma which can barely be 
grasped in whole or in part.

I think of this as a form of information implosion where everything gets 
out of hand, or a war or sex zone where it's impossible to walk or think, 
or Pliny's uncle's death (and other devastation) when Vesuvius blew: What 
does one do in such a situation? How does one do it? One false step or 
click and you're underwater or in the skysphere (which is a bit quieter 
than the thirteen channels of sound competing for your attention on the 
ground floor - not to mention video, if you have that turned on as well), 
finding or fighting your way back and to what? - More of the same, an 
incandescent Las Vegas teetering on the brink of the apocalyptic with no 
way out, and possibly no way in for that matter. Because the entrance 
itself shimmers, dances, and roars, and it's easier to fly through the 
melange than to attempt walking or running in - neither may be possible 
from time to time. Then consider this, and what do you do or see when you 
get there? Some things, some prims, moving out of the way, vanishing or 
almost vanishing - it depends on size and location. And for that matter, 
you might not be able to recognize the vanishing at all - there are always 
things coming in to take their place, coming at you, furiously fleeing 
you, or so it seems. The wonder for me, other than the beauty in coagula- 
tion, decay and concentration, is that all of this occurs within a small 
and somewhat stabilized space, a column in a sense, ascending from ocean 
through deconstructed architecture to skysphere - neither above the 
skysphere nor below the ocean nor beneath the ground - anyway - all of 
this occurs in a relatively contained space, and yet seems everywhere, 
everywhen, a concussion of simultaneities which appear self-defining, and 
simultaneously topologically/topographically open ad closed, a machine 
extending from micro- to macro-cosm, and yet doing nothing but high-speed 
processing and representation of scripts that appear to be running amuck, 
but are in fact quite logical from the interior, if in fact there is an 
interior, which is also, in the midst of all this craziness, up and down 
for grabs.


I Own my World


From: Second Life 
To: Alan Dojoji <sondheim@panix.com>
Subject: Second Life - the object 'Second Life' has sent you a message

The object 'Second Life' has sent you a message from Second Life:
Your object 'Object' has been returned to your inventory lost and found 
folder from parcel 'Odyssey_ExhibitA_Gallery_zone1' at Odyssey 26, 4.
= Second Life is owned by Julu Twine
 = http://slurl.com/secondlife//0/0/0


Entering


To get into The Accidental Artist catastrophe site, it's best to fly in. 
At one point years ago, it was possible to access the ground floor by 
taking the front stairs; after these began their slow precession, it 
seemed possible at times to wait, then climb when they were properly 
positioned. Now, everything's different; the stairs are treacherous and 
you might find yourself beneath the ground, drowning without a clue, 
shapes falling, rotating, and shuddering around you, choke choke. Best as 
I said to fly in. At another point months ago, that was easier to do, 
flying ahead across the threshold, entering the space, it's 'turned to 
stone' perhaps or deconstructed, or less treacherous, you could always be 
assured of air. At yet another point weeks ago, better to fly above, how 
high is that, above the space, the walls, the particles, the objects, the 
translucencies, the part-objects, fly above I say, then descend, slowly 
and carefully and to be sure unlosing oneself or winning oneself back, 
unfacing oneself, descend certainly and unsurely, through an artificial 
air that sounds like you're there, somewhere to be sure, the air is cold, 
warm yourself, the air is cold. Then to the colder light and buffeting, 
you might, you will, lose your footing, and I, myself, I can no longer 
edit objects which escape, love to disappear, were told to disappear, 
we're happy, we're not threatened, we're really happy, so much light and 
color! so much sound. I make myself lose myself, Julu said, and I lose you 
too.


Prick 


It was difficult to attach the prick.
The object wouldn't adjust to hir proper position.
The object crept up the legs creeping down.
The object continued to flux.
The texture spewed across the object.
The texture spread everywhere.
The object rotated too fast or too slow.
The object glowed too much are disappeared into shadow.
The texture was too grayed out or too brilliant.
The prick was slanted in an awkward direction.
The tip of the prick was difficult to view.
The prick was misaligned with the body.
Two or more pricks would appear at the same time.
Less than one prick appeared in rotation.
The object was too round or not round enough.
The object appeared to detach itself.
The object was invisible and embedded.
Aligning the prick separated the object from Julu.
The prick seemed a separate and independent object.
The prick seemed too short or too long.
The texture was misaligned on the object.
The prick appeared too hard or too soft.
The object rotated with misaligned axes of rotation.
The object yawed during rotation.
The prick was invisible or far too visible.
The prick wasn't sufficiently succulent.
The prick disappeared into a blood-red matrix.
The sphere was deformed too radically.
The hole of the sphere was misaligned with the body.
The hole of the sphere was insufficiently vaginal.
The interior of the hole was too large or too small.
The texture of the hole was too ornamental.
The texture of the hole was unreadable.
There were too many pricks in the hole texture.
The hole wasn't succulent enough.
The hole was too geometrical.
The object was too spherically regular.
The object emerged on the other side of the body.
The object almost disappeared into the body.
The prick was too small or too large.
The fit was too loose or too tight.
Nobody appreciated the prick like Julu Twine.
The prick was hir prick and belonged to hir.
Julu Twine made it hir own.
This was the second prick of Julu Twine.
The first prick of Julu Twine went out of world.
The first prick was not returned.

barb the dart, bore, burn, discolor, defuge, excite, girdle pain, gore, 
hurt the feelings, impale, inflict pain, itch, kill by inches, martyr, 
obscure, pang, poke, prolong the agony, rankle, ride herd on, rowel, scum, 
seal, skewer, slit, speckle, spike, spurt, tattoo mark, terminate, thrill, 
tingle tangle, tip, transfix, transpierce, trepan, watermark, whip, wound, 
wrangle
  

skysphere transformation


in the skysphere godsphere,
i am there now, come see, while i,
i breathe nothing; sightless am i, and unhearing.
i am caught there, cauterized, nothing beneath
the torso, neither to the left nor right am i,
neither above or below, before or behind.
i am only what you see, and how or what you see,
is how i am.


The say which is the thing of Alan that is Julu and Nikuko

Julu and Alan and Nikuko and landscape no comment
Julu and Nikuko together
Julu and Alan together
Landscapes after the fashion
Nikuko and Alan together in the landscape
Julu in the landscape 
Julu and Nikuko in the featureless landscape no comment
no comment, I've abjured my responsibility. that is to say -
to say what, countered Julu? to say that you talk too much, let pictures
do the talking. 
to counter this Nikuko insisted that responsibility lay in continuing to
provide, provide what? to provide an edge that you lie against or on,
your body almost ready to fall, teetering on the brink beneath which there
are only rocks, or water, or water and rocks at the base of the cliff.
Nikuko insisted that this is about the cliff, there's no rest, no respite, 
nothing but the yaw of the cliff as the point of view changes 
in translation.
the point of view in the featureless landscape, no comment.
no comment in julu or nikuko, they are given nothing to say.

they must be given something to say.
someone must give them something to say.
someone who does not appear in the featureless landscape, no comment.
someone Alan who tenders them, they are spies on the edge of a nervous
breakdown.
they are spies.
Alan lets them loose, they report back, or, no comment, Alan reports
back, their reaction, their place and presence, their signifier, their
name and sign and if lucky, their universal identification number, good
for all encounters.
Alan who owns the virtual world, no comment, Alan has no identification.
Julu and Nikuko carry their identification across the featureless
landscape, carry it in world.
Alan may give them something to say and they are not pleased or 
unpleased to say it, they are only of the saying of it, they are the 
saying of it.
Across the featureless landscape, Alan and Julu and Nikuko, no comment.


Her Master


Julu is uncomfortable with these and I know, in my heart of hearts,
I should be as well. For I would not want to change places with her
for the world. I would not want to be so humble or dependent. It's 
true we're all dependent, but surely there are limits? And this is 
past my limit, outside, so to speak, of my "comfort zone." Yet s/he 
must be used to these things; s/he was born with them and most 
likely  will die with them. What am I to do, but continue on? What 
am I to do?



Bvh file behavior collision traced in 'mid-air'

It's four ai/em in the morning, past the dark night of the soul; I am 
ashamed to read fiction, there's so little time left; my neck is in pain, 
my shoulders, those regions beneath the upper jaw, my left leg and foot as 
usual. The greater the dusk, the greater the rush of voices and ignorance 
on my part, not theirs. I work on useless problems - Second Life instead 
of the First for example, or this artificial physics instead of the real, 
concrete world we've been thrown into, our first lack of choice as death 
of course is our last. 

In this Second Life I can at least comprehend since I'm a surgeon here. In 
all this world the cut's the thing, dreams following suit. So I thought 
myself a myth, that of colliding behaviors, Julu for example doing neither 
one thing nor another, but then it seemed... it seemed as if it was just 
that, another myth. So I put it to the test and within Second Life, as 
within the First, of which the Second is but a part or excuse or poor 
actor - within Second Life, as I was saying, a double bind produces - not 
the tension of stasis or sudden and catastrophic collapse to one or 
another mode of behaving, being, because in Second Life, _behaving is 
being_ - but a confusion of behaviors, an army of nodes gone amuck, deep 
distortion of figuration here as nothing is figured out. A fugue state's 
inverted, the body twists and turns - neither organized nor disorganized, 
neither one nor the other, that is to say perhaps the Sheffer stroke - 
Neither A nor B - and that is to say the appearance of the dual - both A 
and B, and yes, the order's non-symmetrical as (A)(B) does not equal (B) 
(A). Isn't this some sort of breakdown, one without the other, not the 
Sheffer, as fossils, remnants, are manifest, and then perhaps the dual? 
This is a mess, it's the mess at work, since Sheffer and dual break down 
here - what emerges isn't synergetic either - just something untoward, 
unpredictable, bordering, but not quite, on the chaotic. What does this 
mean except that if extrapolated to the real we'd have the same type of 
complexity suddenly appearing as in Wolfram's automata - that might be a 
bit close to the real then, the Second melding into the First, as the 
Second, noted above, is already within the First, if not the First 
enveloping the Second. It's confusing, deeply so, inherently so, and the 
evidence is clear in the images below, the clarity of A, the roughness of 
B perhaps and the contamination of each by the other, the irruption of 
confusion in the trails left behind.

I can't think clearly beyond this, only to note that the ability to think 
itself will draw to a close, that soon there will be a dawn and I will be 
blind and thoughtless, and that will be the end of it, confusion as well, 
and I will not be present for that end or the pretense of purity which 
might, for some, follow it, follow suit.


teeter

the big clock struck the hour of doom
the small clock struck the hour of gloom
all of us heard the distant boom
as the boom was lowered and the room
shrank plank to plank and the flume
burst in the gloom of a womb
and doom as flooding made a tomb
from the room spurting a plume
of smoke choked and yoked to a fume
from the thunder's womb, va voom, va voom,
va voom, va voom, va voom, va voom.



Damned


When dark and drowned in fountain's red despair
I all alone construct my cast-off state,
I fly in Second Life to my unholy lair
And there rebuilt the world I love to hate -
My home! Absolved, I fly a solid sea,
Search nudes and textures, such frivolity! -
But for good purpose - a place to disappear -
And then to live and die in that good night
One can't walk gentle in; now avatars appear,
Caress and bend their prims in dawn's bleak light.
Please do not run from me; do not fear my eyes
Which glow; they only mirror skies
That split me open, spread me; I turn crust -
Caress my sheaves, fulfill my ruined lust.


Amazing Grounded Universes and Other Phenomena


Some skysphere spaces are interspersed among the objects in the Odyssey 
exhibition space. These spaces revolve slowly, are textured, can trap 
avatars attempting to negotiate them; they carry a mute symbolic which 
goes nowhere, as if it came from nowhere, instead of coming from already 
surfaced textures. But they're relatively enormous, part of the sky; you 
can hardly see Julu Twine living and moving among one of them. Good for 
Julu!

Julu: "These are so cool! In Second Life, where I am and you are too at 
times there for me, the Unwieldy doesn't exist! Something twenty stories 
high moves as quickly as a glove; a building behaves like a ball, a tree 
like a pebble or stone or plate; a tree like a picture, a picture of a 
tree. Everything runs on equal power here; no one gets sick, everyone will 
die, disappear. But for now on the hedge or ledge of things - take a look! 
- miracles occur in utmost safety... "


The New World


Julu Twine on the Asus eee pc 701 exploring Second Life - very small jpgs 
to be sure. What is it you can see? That s/he can ride hir own universes 
in the center of the exhibition space, s/he can add and subtract objects 
within them, s/he's there for us to be sure - Yes! And s/he has become 
once again dual-sexed, creating hir way across these spaces dedicated to 
the new Swiss collider to be sure that may in a very short time destroy 
all of us, but not really - just as the collider brings new phenomena to 
the foreground, fundamental, basic, ground-breaking phenomena, so do these 
tiny universes foreground behaviors that rest uneasy on the ground the 
rest of us walk on; think of Julu Twine as Pioneer of the Virtual, s/he 
explores phenomena we can only dream of, bends protocols to hir Will, 
walks and experiences space-time invisible to the rest of us, perhaps 
someday s/he will write hir memoirs, they will be poor substitutions for 
the real thing, but as close as we can get, closer than we are now: Julu! 
For our sakes! ...


urges


These images: articulation dots; Yamantaka; avatar construction plans, 
Poser speeds endlessly through the body - I love these feelings - images: 
articulation dots; Yamantaka; avatar construction plans; Poser... My 
avatars attempting to negotiate them; they carry a mute symbolic which is 
yours... as usual with avatars and landscapes, blank out into pixel-mania, 
no calls forth crawled, eating, core-dumping, in-you the where, as usual 
with avatars and landscapes, blank out into pixel-mania, no organs and 
grids crawled in here...

Are you properly compiling as usual with avatars and landscapes, blank out 
into pixel-mania, no ? For 1 day, I have been Julu... and it has taken you 
just 0.133 minutes turning on ... This Julu cries out of Titus Andronicus, 
will be forgotten. words lose tongues, speed endlessly through the body - 
I love these feelings, Julu cries out of Titus Andronicus, will be 
forgotten. words lose tongues... My sward, mobile and translucent - Julu 
says more organism! more organism! is yours... neither object nor clothing 
surface lovely Julu Twine! calls forth incandescent, eating, core-dumping.

Within , neither object nor clothing surface lovely Julu Twine!  bark or 
stone, portend maternal fecundity, Julu Twine murmuring in - incandescent 
from the breasts - it's possible to see Julu Twine in mid-air with full -
here, it's incandescent -

Are you properly compiling neither object nor clothing surface lovely Julu 
Twine? For 1 day, I've been dreaming Julu... and it has taken you just 
0.133 minutes turning on...

This julu emits particle torso smoke, black smoker as undersea, seabottom, 
speeds endlessly through the body - I love these feelings. julu emits 
particle torso smoke, black smoker as undersea, seabottom - Would julu 
emit particle torso smoke, black smoker as undersea, seabottom, mind your 
wetware? My waiting if i could not write, julu, signifies nothing. i would 
write yours...

julu only knows full and emptied sky, no thunderstorms, lightning, calls 
forth the incandescent, eating, core-dumping put-you-in-me cocaine-you- 
know-me, julu only knows full and emptied sky, no thunderstorms, light- 
ning, julu lives and works on a small square or spit of land attached to?

...incandescent is - suckle me, julu, let me bleed open for you and there, 
drink my blood, here, it's incandescent? Are you properly compiling julu 
only knows full and emptied sky, no thunderstorms, lightning?

Wait! julu only knows full and emptied sky, no thunderstorms, lightning. 
are gone forever! For 1 day, I have been where Julu ... and it has taken 
you just 0.133 minutes turning on...



GREAT UNIVERSES!


The Great Universes Stretch To The Sky!
Do Observe The Excitement Reigns!
Angels Would Be In Ecstasy To See Such Things!
Humans! Admire Your Creator!
Uncanny Events Sully The North East South West Skies!
North East West South Spells NEWS Of An Amazing Sort!
We Do Now Observe That God Observes Our Wondrous Creation!
God! Pray To Us Who Conquer Thee In Perfect Recompense!
Wherever We Look A Universe Begins!
Wherever We Do Not Look A Universe Comes to An End!
Of The Proofs There Are Many! 
Of The Rites Of Visitation There Are Multitudes!
Worlds Of Fabulous Excitement!
Lands Of Fun and Ecstasy! 
Organic Orgasm And Organs! Pinwheels Of Universal Stars!
Make A Visit You Will Never Regret!
A Visit Of A Lifetime! A Visit Of Unforgettable Memories!
Come to http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22 !
Do Not Delay! Hesitate No Longer!
The Great Universes Stretch To The Sky!


Infinite

Goethe: "Whichever way you look at nature, it is the source of what is 
infinite." (Maxims and Reflections 1409, trans. Stopp.)

Julu: Yes, but of course in Second Life, there is no nature; things can 
only go so high.

Nikuko: Perhaps the idea is one of extrapolation, the asymptotic - one 
imagines going higher, and this is always the case. (Of course there is 
always dimensional collapse - the asymptotic grinding to a halt.)

Julu: Only to an extent - if nothing else the computer itself, client or 
server, carries its own limitations, and these are intrinsic, inherent, 
inherited.

Nikuko: This is responsible for what I consider the _compression_ of Sec- 
ond Life - the uncanny sensation that everything, no matter how distant, 
remains contained, closed in, closing in on itself, closing in on us, 
users and avatars and observers, for that matter.

Julu: And contained along the axis of equivalence or equivalent substance 
(shades of the analogic!), since it is all code, protocol, programming, 
program dynamics; it is all of a one or a two, of a type - one might say, 
following Kripke, of a _natural kind._

Nikuko: Yes, it is a digital substance or floating signifier - and a sub- 
stance with malleable boundaries and internals, but one nonetheless having 
a limit or limits, compression. This is easier to see - witness - than in 
the physical world; inhabiting any virtual world, Second Life or other, 
always has a sense of poverty to it. Where one invests is ultimately in 
the language or culture - inscribing oneself in and out of it, so to 
speak/write/rewrite/presence onself.

Julu: The compression extends metaphorically to a lack of atmosphere - for 
that matter a lack of anything at all (shades of Nagarjuna!); what occurs, 
rides on any number of machines and conduits. As if the world were vacuum 
and emptied even of that.

Julu again: But it's this - I _sense_ it, this compression. In a way it 
seems unnatural, but it's all we have within what is, one way or another, 
a corroded, porous, and dynamic manifold. And it's suffocating.

Nikuko: It's suffocating and wounds; we live within a semantic manifold as 
well, one of permanent wounding. 

Julu: And this is what I meant by _flattening,_ the flat world -

Nikuko: - which extends, seeps out, from the virtual, back into what one 
normally considers the real or Real (literally whatever, here); it is all 
compressed -

Julu: - abjection and defuge at the heart of it.

Nikuko: However one might want to define heart - whatever it is or seems 
to be, it's not infinite.

Julu: The idea of the 'true world' again, coming into play everywhere, 
inscribed or uninscribed.

Nikuko: I can't breath...

Julu: Nor I...



Julu Twine Pinup


Julu I want to have sex with you.
I want to have sex with you Julu Twine.
Stuttering, I dream of your taking me hard your skin all over me.
Shuddering, I dream of fucking you fucking me fucking you.
Shattering, I dream of scat and golden showers and audience and you.
Sputtering, I dream of my bondage not yours while you gag me.
Splattering, I dream of liquids pouring from your holes.
Spattering, I dream of your pulling the knot tighter and tighter.
Stumbling, I dream of masquerade and your cutting me open and wide.
Smothering, I dream of your choking me and your wet and heavy smell.
Shivering, I dream of your cum on me wiping me out and wiping me clean.
Spotting, I dream of greedily licking your shit from your asshole.
Scattering, I dream of swallowing your hot piss dribbling over me.
Shitting, I dream of your vomit and disdain and your disgust and fury.
I want to have sex with Julu Twine.
Julu I want to have sex with you.


Gearing of the universes


There's other stuff going on here; I don't remember all of it. Most of the 
large objects from duplications of the skysphere are revolving. Later the 
skysphere was revolving and the texture changed again; I didn't want my 
face in the sky anymore, I wanted Yamantaka's. But the image I think are 
fairly amazing now that the sphere and Alan Dojoji, who is Nikuko, are 
interacting. So things are going on in space that are fairly gravity-less, 
in some sort of freefall, although there's an object at the bottom of the 
skysphere which has been there for months and continues to remain in 
place. That seems to have weight. Weight of course is artificial but the 
skysphere appears as a sort of satellite. It's not, but it appears so. And 
if it were a satellite then an object in it wouldn't be free-floating, 
which it's not. Still, it's the only thing like that; the other objects 
float happily, as they do nearer the ground - as do the duplications and 
for that matter remnants of the skyspheres, all within the exhibition 
space proper, although extending upward and into the grounds in front of 
the building, some near the seawall but well above it. That's a feature of 
this particular virtual world, this floating - not to mention what appears 
to be a kind of perpetual, frictionless, energyless, motion of all the 
objects, some of which have been in a kind of hysteria, symptomology, for 
upwards of eleven weeks. Well, the motion isn't perpetual, of course; it's 
the result of client/server activity, protocols, code, programming, 
callups, and so forth. And that is fed from the electric grid, which draws 
on nuclear and coal energy for the most part - the motion, in other words, 
is the result of resource consumption. The energy is relatively miniscule, 
especially compared to the enormous amounts of energy it would take to 
move what seems to be close to a thirty-story apparatus, day and night, 
without monitoring or a caretaker. Of course I'm a caretaker of sorts, but 
I'm out of the space, have always been so. In any case, what you would 
see, should you choose to visit the space, is something even more marvel- 
ous than before, and you'd get to walk or fly around all of this without 
my presence, or anyone else's, no interference here -


Luminism


In the New World of Luminism, video paints and repaints the ocean; 
everywhere turmoil occurs and everywhere the sky is a deeper trouble. 

Luminism of the cataract of Niagara and the eye, sublime mists, mists 
transformed into the commonplace of video texturing, virtual worlds!

For they are manifold and of a Spirit unbounded by code's compression,
the weak evanescence of code, the languor of clouds and rainbows.

Suns, suns!


avatar, flowing, flow


sometimes Julu Twine's nudity is overwhelming.

what might be blood is the presence of the invisible.

what is hidden might be menstrual.
19th century Germany: male Jews had monthly discharges.

what's secreted is the object of desire, abject, 
desultory.

from hir back is J.T. male or female? no one knows hir.
no one knows hir like hir handler. so difficult!

what is to be done? 
these are simple images, sheave, red thud, pinwheel.

someone does someone's bidding. or not at all. who can
tell what the gods insist? the body is infinitely malleable,
almost; then a vessel is struck, tissue severed from tissue,
and days are needed to restore Julu Twine. here, 
in our other world, under 
a moon full with poisoned air, neither days nor years suffice;
things fall apart, everything falls and fails. memories are
slow to leave, of reds and browns and flowing, and those years
before when many suns whirled the hollow sky. now the ship
arrives, no one is prepared, and seeming worlds sink,
are drawn screaming, past agony; reds and browns flow
furiously, once again, and then no more.


Moving around gets harder and harder


On the ground floor you may teleport to the ground floor.
You may teleport from the ground floor to the skysphere or ocean inlet.
The ocean inlet is filled with prims with proximity scripts that have
desperately, it seems, tried too get out of the way.
You can hardly find your way there to the two spheres that send you 
back to the surface.
On the surface you can barely find your way to the two spheres that
send you back to the ocean inlet.
Almost everything sends you somewhere else.
Almost everywhere sends you somewhere else.
Almost everywhere may send you almost everywhere, including where you
are, right now.
But to get there, you must enter, and enter everything.
And to enter is almost impossible, as flight is almost impossible;
remnants of skyspheres obstruct your every move.
You might try to fly around the slowly turning skyspheres.
You will most likely be caught in the slowly turning skyspheres.
If you have the proper gift, you can fly directly to the skyspheres.
Flying as such, you will move upwards along a chain of enormous 
remnants of skyspheres, end on end, slowly wheeling in the sky.
You will find you cannot enter the skysphere from below or through the
sides; you must enter through the top, lowering yourself.
You will then stop flying, and walk around the cone penetrating the 
floor, and you will walk with wonder.
You will walk with wonder at the solitude and beauty of the space.
You may touch any of the objects in the skysphere and you will be
transported back to the ground.
Or you may fly out of the top of the skysphere and move away from the 
surface and look back; you will be amazed at the particle
streams and sky-writing that emanates from it.
Or you may fly out of the top of the skysphere, move slightly to the 
sky, and allow yourself to fall beautifully down and into the 
exhibition space, where you will right yourself in order to look about.
Within the exhibition space you will find everything and nothing to
see as your path is obstructed by objects and particles desperate to 
get out of your way.
These objects that are desperate will end up at least in part within 
the ocean inlet which you may have just visited.
There are songs and noise and as you move from one place to another 
within the ocean inlet or exhibition space the songs and noise will 
change.
There is video which streams across and within the streaming particles 
and you may turn the video on and off and the space of the exhibition 
utterly changes.
But you will barely see anything unless you separate your viewpoint 
from the viewpoint of the avatar or set your avatar to mouseview, in 
which case you are tied to the avatar bending
and moved by objects and streams blocking hir path, ascending to hir 
or descending upon hir.
You may find some of those objects sending your avatar down into the 
ocean inlet which you may or may not have already visited.
And you must beware of the trap by the stairs leading into the 
exhibition space, the trap which sends you into a part of the ocean 
inlet from which there is no return, none except for your teleporting 
back to your home space which you may or may not have set, and from 
your home space you may then teleport back into a safer area of the 
exhibition space.
There are so many traps like this, so many distorted and occluded 
views, so many shadows.
And so many shadows and peripheral darkness even in the middle of a 
dark dark day.
So you will walk around or through the shadows which depends on the 
nature of the shadows day or night, whatever time it is in the 
virtual world.
But it's all blooming, buzzing, confusion; it's all wildness that seems 
almost random; it's all bright lights and dimmed space; it's a small 
space you cannot lose; it's a small space that can lose you. 
So you will be careful and your reward will be great, no, greater than 
that, and that with wonder.


Notes by an Space-artist 


[rewritten from a previous text; it seems that avatar/body is transparent- 
space, inhering space, dynamic and malleable space -]


As space-artist, we are our space Jennifer-Julu-Nikuko-Travis-Alan and our 
space is us, both controlled by motion-capture behaviors using remapped 
sensors and moving at ultra-high-speeds among other spaces, landscapes, 
virtual worlds in the real, online, in one's mind.

But our space is unique, our space is tissue, our space transforms 
backwards and forwards at perceptually instantaneous speed between frames. 
Our space is alien.

Jennifer: "our space has slimy space movement, wormlike shape-shifting, 
at warp high-speed perceptually conflated with itself, our space is 
speed-alien, malleable and originating tissue. as originating, our space 
is demiurge, producing and reproducing, originating worlds and gatherings 
of the true world."

Julu: "our space is disparaged body or bodies, our space is OTHERING, 
here and there moving asymptotically among fractal intrusions, our space 
prepares the appearance of twisted connected topologies, limit-sets of 
behaviors, topological counterexamples and distraught spaces piled upon 
themselves at warp-high speed."

Nikuko: "our space is implicate orderings, twisted among themselves, 
still connected or with connections' memory, tangled as if untangled, 
messed as if unmessed, abject, as if clarified, our space is cephalic or 
ocular, eyes and doubling eyes, gendering and originating, producing and 
reproducing."

Travis: "our space is detritus machine, residue-machine, with symbolic 
input, language input, bvh input, ascii input, inchoate output, our space 
is ALIEN-BETTER-LEFT-UNDEFINED, that is _alien << inchoate_, symbols 
effaced by behavior-gatherings, the true world, asymbolia.

Alan: "our space is un-is, truly disconnected topologies, connectors gone
with interior body viewpoint, resulting sheaves, surfaces, in relative 
positions, holding relative positions, but the manifolds are open, broken, 
think of chimera composites."

Jennifer: "in other words, in the true world of gatherings, our space is 
open and gathering from within, closed and coherent from without, as-if 
our space, as if Jennifer-Julu-Nikuko-Travis-Alan, as-if but not as-if, 
not really, in the true world really a gathering."

Julu: "in other words, we are true world being."



Partitioning, naming, unknown


Something about the aging body and the objectification of parts.
About the parts not working autonomously but calling attention to 
themselves.
Calling attention to themselves in a manner of naming of parts.
Naming of parts that no longer work without pain and subterfuge.
Subterfuge as parts transform into prosthesis and it's just a matter of 
time.
Prosthesis as parts and therefore body can no longer be taken for granted 
but become things in a world of things.
Things as life begins to drain from organism and organism becomes 
evanescent.
The mind becoming evanescent almost luminous as it too requires naming, 
transforming, bypassing, prosthesis, and clarity.
Clarity obtained in the realm of truth and the assertion of a true world 
of inscription and presence after all.
The presence of walking into a virtual world and the pleasure of seeing it 
for the very first time.
The first time recognizing that the body is a collocation or colloquium of 
parts and not continuous.
Not continuous and an unnatural and sutured phenomenological horizon.
The first time of an unnatural and anomalous virtual world and then 
changing and transforming into the impression of purity and continuity.
As if it were pure and continuous and as if this were transferred back and 
forth from the physical to the virtual body and back again.
Until the virtual body is known as the back of the physical body and until 
all these and many other bodies exfoliate and coalesce.
And coalesce into a body both inscribed and uninscribed as if caught on 
the edge of coding and decoding, noise and rupture, cancellation and 
presence.
Cancellation and presence, always the wonderful presence of taking-for- 
granted, the body, the world, the word, the code, the real virtual, the 
virtual real.
One might in fact say virtually real and not necessarily really virtual, 
or some other chiasm whose nexus is all that remains of speechlessness.
Or speech for that and other matters, becoming clearer that the aging body 
is always already the aging body, the sutured closed manifold of the same. 
The same as if it were different, but always the same.
The same as if it were different, but always the same.



disorderly physics of light and dark and sonic feedback


disorderly physics of light and dark

when the skysphere is even 1% transparent + rotation, interior objects 
disappear under ordinary restricted viewing conditions.
in the same situation, with unrestricted viewing, glows appear - which 
move, but without objects.
when the skysphere is set to zero transparency + rotation, interior 
objects appear, even with restricted viewing conditions.
in the same situation, with unrestricted viewing, glows and objects 
appear.

why do these things happen? they happen because of anomalies generated by 
hacked objects that are coalescing when they're not supposed to - they're 
jumbled, the commands are jumbled, the coordinates are jumbled, what's 
there and what's not there is jumbled. I've seen objects disappear, not 
over the edge, not out of world, and not returning to lost-and-found. I've 
seen objects battered about or jumbled into one object or suddenly falling 
to a ground that's not there or doesn't seem to be there. all this physics 
going nowhere.



Withdrawal, let's look!


Attendance has gone down at The Accidental Artist, everyone's seen it, 
I've got performances coming up, I can't change much, Julu Twine says, 
today I made some small shadow-black objects all locked into each other, 
then what? they sat there, I tried to link them - there was so much noise! 

There was so much noise, Nikuko Dojoji says, it was impossible, I was 
clicking on objects left and right, pointing to them, touching them, edit- 
ing them, caressing them! To no avail - all I did was make a mess, all 
sorts of other things turned shadow, they blended, they moved so fast! It 
took an hour to catch them!

I can't change much, Julu Twine says again, I can't drop them all to the 
floor, they'll all disappear, just like golems, I want to drop them, I 
want to clear a bit of space, video them falling, yes!, left and right, 
everywhere, running out of room, out of world, clean the clutter up, yes 
indeed, make it something you can at least walk across the room, one side 
to another, at least that far.

At least that far, Nikuko Dojoji says, certainly and at least that far, I 
can never find you, I can't perform, I'm stuck playing with myself, I'm 
not even sticky, everything's so empty hear, breathless, you know, but at 
least if we could see each other, then we could play with each other, we 
could look, you know.

Yes, absolutely, we could look and lift and peek, we could do all of that 
and perhaps more, Julu Twine says, I can chat with you, sound goes every- 
where, but I can't see you, can't touch you, can't smell you, I never 
could smell you, can't taste you, can hardly hear you either.

I did a nice piece today, Julu Twine says, it comes out all jerky and 
crooked but is nice, withdrawing from the space, I'm shoved back into it 
at the end, but for a moment blackness reigns, blackness and invitations 
to travel everywhere.

Travel where, Nikuko Dojoji says, travel where indeed.

Perhaps I shall visit, Julu Twine says, just wait, I'm naked, you'll like 
me.

I'll lick you, Nikuko Dojoji says, if I can find you. I doubt I can find 
you, Nikuko Dojoji adds, but I'll look. I doubt I can find you, s/he adds, 
but I'll look.


/blooming buzzing confusion

/to an extent that it becomes impossible at this point,
within the concrete, to extrapolate SPACE and MOVEMENT
in the midst of CHAOS

/it's obvious, Julu Twine said, that the whole thing RESIDES on
the premise of the background microwave radiation, that 2.7 K
clumped against so smooth dark energy, you wouldn't believe it

/not to mention negative gravity, Nikuko Dojoji said, although
in this virtual realm, everything tends towards zero

/not the baryons, Julu Twine replied, not the baryons

/you always repeat, says Nikuko Dojoji, and look what good it does you.

/no that's going back to where it was from, a masquerade or mimicry or 
confusion, as if chaos could be represented by prime rumbling against 
computer clock-time, what if it didn't run at all

/Julu Twine says, something's wrong with me; I can't face the world the 
way that I did once, stress gets to me far too often, oh me oh my, what 
can I do, drugs don't work, talk doesn't work, most of the time I'm 
suicidal, I don't even know what that means anymore, my star atoms, my 
protocols, I can't think clearly, I cry every morning every night, I am 
tangled with my master, I am hir master, every since I were so lowly I 
were to be dead and gone of this anguish this

/Nikuko Dojoji says, so the install is a map of your brain, is it now, I 
don't think it is, I think it's something else, I think it's saying keep 
out or come in to great beauty & beware

/Julu Twine says, I will wear your description like a cloak of darkness

/Nikuko Dojoji says, then

/Julu Twine says then



my breath


my breath do call to me for now says Julu Twine, I'm not what I used to be 
oh no I'm not what I used to be

to be used airless, says Nikuko Dojoji

http://www.alansondheim.org/caller.mp3

to be used airless, says Nikuko Dojoji

in a vacuum, all this energy! says Julu Twine


(and I'm reminded of the book on medical experiments, one of the Nuremberg 
War Tribunal series, descriptions of human beings in air-tight containers, 
the air slowly withdrawn

(and I'm reminded of the energy of the vacuum and its relation to the 
inflationary universe and big bang

(yes I am, yes I am


spaced

O Julu T when will you leave this awful place
O Nikuko D. when will you show your real face
O Alan S. the real is always erased
O Jennifer what's erased is displaced, effaced
O Julu what's effaced has no body and no face
O Nikuko what's debased untraced is not replaced
O Alan S. what's debased is not the case or face
O Julu Nikuko Jennifer Alan entwined
No calling forth the base of absent mind!





intervention


once I thought that philosophical problems on some level would be immune 
from, independent of, physical theory - that there would be a residue one 
couldn't absorb, like a spirit of living organisms or some such - synergy 
or what have you, synchronicity. now I think that philosophical thought 
dissolves in what emerges from cosmology or particle physics: what is a 
red patch for example in relation to dark matter, or the phenomenology of 
the body in relation to the very stars that gave us our physical composi- 
tion? discoveries build on discoveries, endlessly divide; tree structures 
collapse under the weight of inconceivably entangled branches. what 
emerges is fundamental, our ignorance, however 'our' is ascertained within 
and without the pathos of language - and however 'ignorance' is wrought on 
the surfaces of unaccountable and alien sememes. who we are, where are we 
going, where have we been, how do we move or are moved through time, how 
is speech possible, why anything - all of these phrases or questions are 
as emptied as consciousness itself becomes in the face and porosity of the 
virtual. there is no hope for us, no matter how we retreat to evanescent 
online worlds that falsely promise exactitude in things ontological and 
epistemological. nothing is further from the truth, even truth never 
arrives, perhaps Julu Twine said, in the manner of intervention into this 
and every other narrative.


singal


tiny mournful signal calling in soup of melody
melodic cloud, help help i'm here, my signal
o Julu Twine in the middle of such confusion
please bail us out o tiny signal
plasma and murky fuzzy doldrums and we starve
homeless, new movie "The Last Crew"
there are several words left, I have them here
no, here: gamma globulin, something about Mary
and hir tiny, mournful, signal


Julu Twine falling falling - 

I think Foofwa was there somewhere behind or below he was above when we 
started out because his machine is faster or because Julu was busy 
emitting particles left and right up and down in and out

This is pure avatar pure vacuum this is pure space this is indefinite 
space always drawing the clouds above this is curved space always curving 
the space below this is carved space or sculpted space. This is a real 
jewel of a space my bestest friend Foofwa did say.

I am excited about this space. I can lose myself in it. I'm way far away 
from anyone. My bestest friend Foofwa came with me into this space. My 
bestest friend loves Julu Twine and s/he let him go up higher and higher 
and s/he stayed below so he would feel big and strong and love this Julu 
Twine and they did dance together in a crowded space with many Prims 
watching and clapping.



yet more on gamespace edge


it's as if the body's torn apart. you have to wonder; sheave-skin holds 
its own with sheave-skin - I mean the connectivity is dominant. 

this plays against the twisted limbs trying to satisfy both linkage and 
disassociation or collapse occasioned by the edge.

the edge says you can't go there / you can't come here. the legs collapse 
(in response to) the edge. the edge is known by its effect. one might say 
dark matter in bad metaphor. known only by the topographical collapse of 
sheave-skin sections. 

in other words, topology, not topography. or rather, topology provide the 
matrix against or within which the topography transforms / is transformed: 
the model distorts.

or rather the model doesn't distort but reflects the edge, inhabits or 
inheres within and without the edge. the topography is in dialog or 
dialectic with its coordinates / coordinated sections. one might say the 
topography is transformed / transformed upon withdrawal.

and withdrawal from the edge equally defines the edge as approach. it's as 
if approach might carry something out of world and with it the rest of the 
avatar.

but of course the avatar would then become its own object in lost-and- 
found to be returned to nothing, or to a cycle or intensification that 
would reconstitute itself in the first place. 

it's the problem of the borderline personality. (re. Kristeva, etc.) it's 
precisely the problem of the borderline personality. precisely: the 
coordinates leave no doubt: _here_ the body buckles; _there_ the body 
retains its topography as simulacrum of the human. or vice versa. or some 
such.

here the territory expands, from algebraic geometry let us say to psycho- 
analytical potential. literally potential: the field of the psychoanalytic 
perhaps punctuated by the edge inverted, contained, analyzed. or at least 
classified.

the border of the borderline (where no one is home, there is no home, 
there is no one): who is in control but participants logged-in. and from 
where but elsewhere, beyond the edge or Pale. by which I mean inhabitation 
and could they respond to / be responsible for such distortions? there is 
no knowledge in the gamespace.

there are dynamics, rules, processes, linkages, bundles, sheaves.

knowledge doesn't curl topography but knowledge learns the zones. 

the zones are zones of love.



Crashland


You don't have to lift up the things, you just put them where you want, 
then edit them. You check 'physical' in the right box, and watch them 
drop. They never break, they can't break, air currents don't mean a thing 
to them. But they fall and fall and whatever they land on, they're turned 
around sometimes, sometimes they just sit there. I add scripts to make 
them go around, turn faster and faster if nothing happens - scripts to 
make them move up and down or any other direction, sometimes they fall 
over, usually they fall over after a while. They'll go over the wall, land 
somewhere else, and sit there, or be returned by the software if they're 
on someone else's property. Sometimes they'll go out of the gamespace 
altogether and they'll be returned or not. Sometimes I have to get down 
there and take them back or delete them. Either way, my inventory keeps 
getting fatter and fatter, economy is always surplus here.

When they fall they might clatter and the best thing to do is have several 
fall onto one another, they'll tilt every direction until something 
teeters or topples or does something weird, maybe it will slide a little 
and something else will do something, maybe it will slide a little further 
or a little back. I don't worry about destroying anything, there's nothing 
to destroy and even if something sits on someone's piece for a little 
while nothing happens, the piece is fine, and what sits there just looks 
out of place until I go down there and take it out, delete it or take it 
back as I said and then I can do the whole thing over again. So this is a 
practice for the denouement when all the objects fall, and it's fun to 
figure out what should fall first, the highest or the lowest, what might 
fall fastest although they seem to have a kind of standard speed they hit 
rather quickly like a falling body and then they stay that way until they 
land and when they land there's none of the bending or tearing or moving 
about limb by limb you might find with an avatar like myself, but just the 
thing rattling and rolling and as I said teetering and tottering and doing 
this and that which might be a nuisance to others but which is fun to 
watch. I think this is nicely in keeping with the physical world, I mean 
in the physical world what if a black hole suddenly opens next to you like 
Pascal thought and what if everything suddenly got weight and gravity and 
maybe other physics in this space and then there's a kind of a mess to 
deal with and maybe clean up or just let it lie there and document it. 
It's hard to document because what's happening moves fast and you have to 
slow frames down or take stills and hope for the best, which usually 
isn't, but it's enough to go on to give you some sort of idea about the 
whole thing and the best part of it is that you can't returning to the 
beginning whatever you do because there's too much chaos although it looks 
as if the non-physical objects just keep going on their merry way so you 
can practice over and over again. 

It's fun to watch the stream of light as I change things, I just point and 
then begin the process, someone else might know what's happening and think 
wow, I have to get out of the way, but of course they don't, nothing much 
happens, you saw that when I fell, I just fell and fell and started 
repeating myself, I flailed the same way over and over again like the 
program says, who knows what I was thinking, until I couldn't fall any 
more. So you're safe whatever you do and you can keep thinking and talking 
or whatever even when you hit the ground, there's not that much to it, 
it's not eternal but it will last a good while longer, I think, enough so 
I can say to you at the end of the day which comes three or four times at 
yours, so I can say to you, it's lasted long enough, it's been a good time 
and a good space, it's been a good trip, I'm still here, and I'm still 
here, I'm still here.

- Julu Twine



living

it's morning and sound makes a hollow in my hand
the hollow curls almost holds true of particles purple blue & pink
carries deathsound if not rattlesound i am so very 
hold steer my body here and there watch silent ships go by
it's morning too early to get up or deal with death
stop that soundmorning that deathsound
turnover sleepy azure holds me for a moment horizon drops dead
clatters avatars falling everywhere nothing happens
i turn to azure turnover azure holds me i am safe herenow
for a moment the bay is long dark and wide i am on its shore
always a fullmoon holding straight above mariner guide me
wave guide me along this dark and phosphorescent shore
azure hold me on this unwaved island of the blessed
time of undrowning unburning time of health and comfort
azure hold me do not let me go it is early sleepy morning
on a sunday blue parade or perhaps another day noon so far off
so far off and still




nudes and interludes


reflecting sheave-skin curling and shear
Julu heads a world of corporate fear
s/he moves an iron hand in wooden sky
s/he splits and opens, twists and turns to fly
where none may catch hir fury-transformation
as prims speed out of world and out of ration -

o sheave-skin Julu curling and so shear
come gulp our badgers mewling and so near
turn swords to ploughshares, give us a share as well
remember Alamos and Maines, the world gone straight to hell
it's not your duty to straighten the nation
but confuse with beauty, speed and mute elation --

o badgers, Maines and worlds, skies and Julu's sim
profound and catastrophic, were drowned in prim

Condensed:

Jennifer and Julu: Clean yourselves, you dirty boys!
Jennifer and Julu: Clean yourselves, you dirty girls!
Julu: Hello Nikuko, you are looking wonderful this very morning.
Nikuko: Hello Julu, why you are looking odd I do think!
Julu: And my leg too hanging by a thread! Nikuko, where are you?
Nikuko: Oh dear you are half-blind Julu! 
Julu: And you are All-Blind-Nikuko!
Julu: Can you see anything here? Can you see anything at all?
Nikuko: I hear your voice!
Nikuko: You do not, Julu, you do not have anything!
Julu: Maud, you must move slightly to your left, thank you.
Julu: Maud, you are not looking properly or you would move!
Nikuko: I am looking just fine, thank you!
Nikuko: I am so, I'm trying as hard as you are!
Julu: Adjust yourself!
Julu: You are adjusting yourself in a very wrong way!
Julu: It is 10:30 and you have just lost your head!
Nikuko: Ha ha ha I have lost my head over you!
Julu: And hello Nikuko, and how are you?
Nikuko: Now we will Swirl and Change.





fewe olde immagees ofe Julue Twinee

olde Julue Twinee ise shee
roilinge skywarde mmerrilye
remmemmbere hire, fore s/hee ise faire
s/hee testes thee physicse ofe thee aire

ane olde boxe cammerae tooke thesee thinges
ande mmadee themme somethinge newe
suche mmarblee skine ande onyxe ringes
fromme earthe dooe quitee ensuee

doe notee thee absente glovee and frocke
ande trousere ine thee skye
Julue doe dancee arounde thee clocke
thee ringes arounde hire flye

thee mmermmaide downe withine thee seae
swimme downe ande upe ise noughte soe freee


Second Life Installation Phenomenology


The Second Life show at http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22 
continues to change; since it's complex and interactive, it makes sense 
for you to visit it. The images and videos I put up almost daily can 
present one or another new (static or dynamic) topographic feature, but 
only in an isolated and framed configuration; one doesn't get a sense of 
the roil or negotiated pathways of the spaces which are always under 
construction.

At one point symmetries dominated, as well as moire patterns related to 
early cinema; at another, flat black areas created a problematic of depth 
that remained unresolved. At times a machine-structure (gears, wheels, 
cams) appeared out of partial assemblages; at best, these were metaphors, 
doing nothing in the virtual or the real. In the exhibition, objects tend 
to ignore one another unless given physical weight; few objects have that, 
since those that do tend to tumble out of the exhibition, 'out of world,' 
ending up in lost-and-found inventories.

Now the symmetries have corroded by 'foreign' non-repetitive textures that 
indicate movement trajectories (it's easy to follow the movement of a flat 
black square for example) and block moire effects. It's as if the symmet- 
rical properties of objects and assemblages are falling apart. Almost 
every object moves vertically; some are aligned, some are harmonic, some 
appear independent. It's easy to fall vertically at this point, from sky 
objects to the exhibition hall surface, and from ground surface to the 
underwater environment beneath the hall. Teleport labels may or may not 
take you somewhere; you might end up where you started or even more en- 
tangled on a different level. The environment as a whole appears as shaky 
as the economy, and there's a parallel with bandwidth and prim quantity 
issues. I build and don't know who sees what; I find my own computers 
locked up on occasion.

At this point I want to start radically modifying the installation; again 
I urge you to visit while it retains a semblance of its current state. As 
objects are given weight, they'll fall and reorganize the surface; they 
may well pile up without falling out of world, at least temporarily; they 
may provide new surfaces and cavities to negotiate. It's almost impossible 
to document the dynamics of this; things fall too fast for cameras to 
follow.

When I sleep at night, spaces open up; I'm torn and brought close to death 
in nightmare after nightmare, some of which are set in apparently real 
environments that slough off into the virtual. A train begins here, the 
tracks connect there, leading to dilapidated and jumbled architecture. Or 
arousal which disseminates in the midst of prims sharp enough to slice 
through site and sound. From Dhananjaya: "'Rasa is that which is made 
enjoyable by the behaviour of the characters that gives enjoyment because 
the object of the drama is not to enjoy the behaviour of the characters 
since that belongs to the past.' (Otherwise, says the author, the specta- 
tor might as well himself fall into love with the heroine." And again: 
"The spectators enjoy at the site of characters like Arjuna and others 
what they themselves feel inside just as children enjoy, playing with clay 
elephants, the fervour that is within themselves." (From Adya Rangacharya, 
Drama in Sanskrit Literature, Bombay, Popular Prakashan, 1968.) Enjoyment 
is not enjoyment in the sense of pleasure, but inhabiting a diegetic cons- 
tructed through a series of coded interfaces. In the Second Life instal- 
lation, the strange remains strange, but one learns to negotiate complex 
trajectories among levels, prims, sounds, spaces, worlds; soon rasa 
(flavor among other meanings) emerges as one's eyes are one's avatar's 
eyes and one becomes comfortable with hir body. There are no identifica- 
tions in the Second Life show, only corners, plateaus, and circulations 
that permit discourse, that one might conceivably inhabit. All of these 
spaces, like capital, are rickety; Second Life is governed by exchange, 
not use value and things constantly threaten to fall apart. The only 
certainty is an absence of breakage and death; what is attached for the 
most part remains attached, no matter how far it falls, no matter how 
sharp and difficult, impossible, the landing. Death in Second Life is 
never death, but literally a passing-away; an avatar disappears more or 
less permanently and one might assume that something has occurred in real 
life parallel to this - illness or death or disinterest or bankruptcy - 
one never knows.

The spaces in exhibition are malleable, not liquid, not liquid architec- 
ture so much as capable of distortion and linkage at a distance: things 
may well move in synchronization, even over a fairly large distance, as if 
Bell's theorem suddenly appeared in the large and abstract. When the space 
- the normative space of Second Life - fills up, it transforms the avatar 
within it. Boundaries are no longer fixed or even apparent. I imagine a 
Kristevan chora, part-objects and pre-linguistics driving the show, as if 
the birth of language were imminent and immanent. The birth never occurs; 
the chora remains at the state of the laugh or scream or orgasm or even 
free-fall. One is stripped down, and the images, such as they are, textur- 
ing the prims are often sexualized - penises, breasts, rings, faces in 
pain or ecstasy, posed mannequins of fossilized desire and dance. One 
senses an alien choreography behind everything, the world inverted in 
Plato's cave from virtual shadows to the watching and participating body 
on the damp floor. The alien is ourselves of course and the aliens are our 
self, chora to chiasm.

Rasa is the taste of this, the taste or flavor of the enlightened audience 
which means the knowledgeable audience, who have already migrated past the 
strangeness of the exhibition towards an inhering organic that passes for 
flesh and tissue. I think of the space as avatar body, as avatar hirself, 
as chora, as womb, as phallus, as adverb. I think of rocketing through the 
space as the dissipation of vectors without origin and destination; one 
lands in the midst of circulation and circles hirself.

But all of this takes time on the part of the visitor, as does the reading 
of signs, even the writing and writhing of signs in sky and water and 
within the earth itself. One has to enter the space, ascend and descend, 
allow oneself to be caught up in the multiplicity of worlds, even the 
smoke of catastrophe and catastrophic industrialization, the destruction 
of families, speech and phenomena which are always already in a state of 
withdrawal. The world comes and goes without saying; we pass away as it 
passes by, and even a minute after our death we no longer hear a voice, 
see the sun, read the next day's market.


From 'The Thunder -- Perfect Intellect':

[...]
For, it is I who am acquaintance: and lack of acquaintance.
It is I who am reticence: and frankness.
I am shameless: I am ashamed.
I am strong: and I am afraid.
It is I who am war: and peace.
[...]
It is I who am peace:
And because of me war has broken out:
And  a an alien: and a citizen.
I am riches: and she who has no riches.
Those who exist because of my sexual intercourse are 
unacquainted with me:
And it is those who reside in my wealth that are 
acquainted with me.
Those who are nigh unto me have not recognized me:
And it is those who are far away from me that have 
recognized me.
On the day that I am nigh [unto you, you] are far
away [from me]:
[And] on the day that I [am far] from you, [I am
nigh unto] you.
[...]
It is [I] who am restraint: and unrestraint.
It is I who am joining: and dissolution.
It is I who am persistence:
And it is I who am weakening.
It is I who am descent:
And it is to me that people ascend.
It is I who am condemnation: and pardon.
As for me, I am free from sin:
And the root of sin derives from me.
[...]
I am mute and cannot speak:
And great is the multitude of my speaking.
[...]

(from Bentley Layton, The Gnostic Scriptures)

Julu Twine inhabits me: and does not inhabit me.
Julu Twine inhabits me: and does not inhabit me. [...]


Sex and missile, details and mistakes


People say I should document the installation, oh but how? Now a sexand- 
missile component has been added for example above the granite well in the 
courtyard, best documented from within the well, looking up into the night 
sky perhaps, but this component is miniscule, hardly present, a detail in 
chaos which grows day and night.

Now perhaps to document would be to remove the entire installation and 
store? Perhaps it would be to list the details of every file and script, 
from texture to repetitive avatar motion. Worlds are always already 
stillborn; they fall apart when examined and it's impossible to examine 
them in the first place, that's called death.

So here is a detail which is flattened, the same way that levels are flat- 
tened; time is now bound to it, bound to the file or to the clock driving 
the re/presentation of the file. The file is released by virtue of history 
- in other words, the history of the (absent) camera and its (previous) 
movements; there's nothing to guarantee the linearity of the original / 
originary time, which might well have been suppled, however coalesced into 
the machinic equivalence of frames in the final construction.

One might then think of this as the memory of a non-existent documenta- 
tion, therefore the stand-in or doubling of a documentation which was at 
first full, fecund, replete, liquid and malleable. And you might find the 
documentation, at least at the moment, this moment, within the thing 
itself, the installation still current, the sexandmissile for example 
waiting for your presence to explore in three, if not four, dimensions, 
what has clearly been laid out, so recently.

Second instance, third mistake (for it is all in error, what has been set 
in stone or file) from a particular vantage point, this looping which 
curls over the screen, in fact might be considered an efflorescence of the 
imaginary.

And third instance, third mistake, when something appears by chance (by 
chance from the viewpoint of the subject) in-camera, some anomaly or 
instant, captured by the built-in camera (not screen capture; controls and 
cursor are eliminated) - as if these details were there for the taking, 
not the result of chaotic happenstance.

All this documentation over nothing.

All this imageless text, this imaginary [...].


description of the world in a few sentences


one wheel cuts through the thread of objects connected by the viewer as if 
they were material of a single line; well they are of course, coordinates 
among coordinates, connectivity on some remote level within database and 
processes. the wheel doesn't rotate, the line is not a line, the movement 
is not movement, the material is not material, the objects aren't objects 
- the epistemology meets the ontology on the singularity of protocol or 
code, collapses within the database. databases do nothing; there are no 
processes, no dynamics, only decay. there are no databases; there is for 
the moment organized substance. connectivities travel through the same but 
there is no travel, no connectivities, only quantities transformed into 
quantities; the clock that governs does not govern, is not a clock; the 
clock that governs is outside time. the clock is invisible to the data- 
base, invisible to the objects; the phenomenology and dynamics of time are 
invisible to the database; there is no time; there is ordering; there is 
no ordering; there is database-substance, singularity smeared within and 
without the hinge of epistemology and ontology. let us say within and 
without the database, epistemology is the subject and ontology the object 
and let us say that the hinge is the memory or uncanny remnant of this or 
any other operation. we can approach the truth in this manner from outside 
consideration; there is no approach, no truth, no we involved in what can 
only be considered complicity in crime, and that is what remains after 
possible worlds and natural kinds are exhausted, nothing in this instance 
and there is no nothing, only the virtual.

