
Qintune A 4 And Code Work A Stub A 

http://www.alansondheim.org/qintune4.mp3 4 Jackson Moore

Code Work A Stub A

y a not a meet a Wikipedi's a generl a 's a The a topic a of 
thisl a rticle a m a blish a notbility a by a bility a dding 
guideline. a Ple a se a help a to a est a bout a the a topic. If 
a creli a cnnot a be a ble, a second a nnot a ry a sources 
estblished, a blished, a is a likely a merged, a redirected, or 
a deleted. a Find a sources: a "Codework" a . a books scholr 
JSTOR free a imFind a schol a r a imges a (July 2013) a im ges a 
tions a for a verifiction. a Plerticle needs a tion. Plese a 
ddition a cit a cittions a relible sources. a improve ble a 
chllenged a Unsourced a llenged a nd a removed. a teri This a 
more a links a other a rticles integrrticles a integr integrte a 
te a t a re a relevre relev a relevnt a context within a exist- 
ing a text. (December a 2012) a nt a th a lly creted a ngu a ted 
a given ges. a word a 'codework' a w a s origin a n a Sondheim, 
[1] but a lso a populrized a Internet its a rized a me a Al a 
Mez a Breeze.[2] a It a sometimes referred a rtist a such 
net.writing. a sid[3] a hnet.writing.  id[3] a hve a been 
inspired a eclectic a poetry a h a ve a used a mny a forms 
writing, a mostly a ny a Codework a Moon a exn's D a exmple 
fiction a in a ys a J a mplev a shmed++ a == a losing self-es- 
teem.S_____ a wmed++ a med++ a wsn't a on a diet) [re]solution a 
sn't a if( a fter a ll a = a S_____ a couldn't resist a ell a e 
a et a when a see[sniff]ing a food a ("te();", a felt a defe a 
(" a te();", a defeted a & a self-disgustedx 1000); a 2009, a 
Interferences: a [Net.Writing] a Prctice Rctice a ley, a Rit a 
stub. a You a c a cn a Stub a icon writing system.rel a Wikipedi 
a exphelp a expnding a it.exp nding



Mockingbird mobbing a hawk, red-tailed or -shouldered

http://www.alansondheim.org/mockinghawk.mp4
This is in the middle of urban sprawl; if you slow the
video up,* you can see the hits. Couldn't identify the
hawk but given the location it's one or the other. The
mockingbird's protecting its nest; it finally flew off.
(Why do I side with the mockingbird? I'm under stress
myself here in Providence, body-manque, and every day I
see myself deteriorating. I live in hate, in adrenalin,
in anxiety. Azure keeps me sane, qin-playing gives me
the ability to breathe, my cat reminds me of a family
that has disappeared. The mockingbird imitates and I do
the same*** and both of us manage, when the alarm calls
cease, do come out with moments of creative insight and
maybe beauty. And maybe not. Death is a hawk coming for
all of us and I dream of beaks stabbing in the night.**)

* Slow up, slow down, the difference in emphasis is
subtle and almost untranslatable.
** Not literal dreams, just the desire to rip my face
and age off and begin again.
*** I'd like to imitate but ADD leads me astray and I
end up in new lands.



Qin.anguish. for bidden mourning

Dirge qin for me. The realm of guqin.

http://www.alansondheim.org/qin1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinforme.mp3

The sound which continues in me.
I am not exaggeration. Dirge qin for me.
I breathe. Play funeral. Listen for
me. For what will be funeral. For
space. For none of us.

the is.



old man mad about wryting

i.
that the elderly are child-like. I'm told I'm living on borrowed 
time. I'm mind is supposedly elderly. Am I repeating myself? Did 
I forget something level, will be the elderly. Despair will be 
transformed into religious termed elderly, and others have taken 
over, and there is This is the time, my mind supposedly elderly, 
am i repeating myself? did i Nikuko and Izanagi continued south. 
They approached an elderly man talking the cyberspatial language 
of the elderly of the twentieth century.  Thus I think the truth 
of the elderly is the release from meaning. That is Now Derrida 
is termed elderly, and others have taken over, and there is 
Nikuko and Izanagi continued south. They approached an elderly 
man talking among the poor and elderly. time, my mind supposedly 
elderly, am i repeating myself? did i tired situation of wisdom 
come too late; the elderly are wise but organic - that dominates 
the world. give the lie to this among elderly generals, away 
whole universes on the edge of understanding; messiahs are 
elderly, away the rights of the diseased cripple the elderly 
smash the elderly time, my mind supposedly elderly, am i 
repeating myself? did i diseased cripple the elderly smash the 
elderly kill the old misplace @other|sick|infirm|child|elderly| 
the elderly longing for enough to eat that the elderly are 
child-like. I'm told I'm living on borrowed time. I'm time, my 
mind supposedly elderly, am i repeating myself? did i mind is 
supposedly elderly. Am I repeating myself? Did I forget 
something shooting elderly 2 women, elderly questions. women, 
Apparently, obviously of the deaths were of elderly people stuck 
in homes without air time, my mind supposedly elderly, am i 
repeating myself? did i?

ii.
An old man sat in their midst. The king, who was then young man, 
was curious to know who he was, and so dispatched a servant who 
discovered the great teacher Zarathushtra, and watched him draw 
figures in the sand, and to move about on them. Look there. This 
is a story that has been told many times, but is well worth 
telling. The path was wet from the recent rains. She came across 
an old man walking. Nikuko and Izanagi were walking as usual. 
They approached an old man with Izanagi. The old man looked up, 
and tilted his head slightly to the left. saying nothing, slowly 
continuing on his way. His feet were blown off, he was crying 
for help in the dust. I couldn't lose the old man, interfere 
with pristine bits once again, urging 'shutdown -h.' The old man 
stumbles to the window tumbles to the ground stutters a lot goes 
out. It's the biggest lie, he says, that one has one's memories. 
He''s not in a leisure suit. I'd literally rather be dead. Help 
help we're lost in the Cosmos I say to the man sitting there. I 
could tell you stories, she'd still remember me, I am an old 
man, I don't like it. It's another misty morning, knowing i'm 
the old man fading into young old man young woman man child 
woman assassin the woman. One time there was a woman. The 
sparrow asked her, "Why were there five of these men and why did 
they come?" Betrayal! Another drink for the old man, penny for 
the old guy his Lord. "An old man mad about painting of the 
world there is this sound and there is this old man. And there 
is this old man mad about painting. I am that man. I begin by 
thinking about my being; I continue by thinking myself "a 
forty-year-old man into a sexy twenty-year-old." "I couldn't."




Spark-Gap


Whaaaa? Whaaaz that thing? Whaaaz that thing attached

to that thing? Whaaaz that thing doing? Whaaaz that

thing doing that's attached to that thing? Whaaaz that

noise that thing is making? Whaaaz that noise that

thing attached to that thing is making? Whaaaz that

thing attached to those thing? Whaaaz that noise that

thing is making that's attached to those thing? Whaaaz

that light thing that thing attached to those thing is

making? Whaaaz that light thing? Whaaaz that other 

thing making that light thing attached to that thing

attached to those thing? Whaaaz that light? Whaaaz

that bright thing attached to those thing? Whaaaz that

bright thing? Whaaaz so light?




Exceptional


http://alansondheim.org/exceptional1.mp3
http://alansondheim.org/exceptional2.mp3

1=electric guitar.2=electric saz.

In a recent review my playing was described as exceptional.
Meanwhile a week ago I was playing electric guitar and saz,
and developed a thick knot in my right wrist that had me
screaming (literally) in pain. After it went away I began
to play again and finally returned to these two (heavy)
instruments. So was the pain exceptional; my playing
exceptional; the disappearance of the pain exceptional? I
have no idea but I did discover these pieces are filled
with tunefulness that emerges and then sinks down, as if
the clarity of the world repeated returned to abjection, 
as if there were no escape, as if creation occurred in the
midst of a sea of notes. Love it, and yes, the pain came
back, flickering, my hands and wrists now unsettled, time
to retreat and take a break, the consequences of speed.




garden spirit the day the bodies died *


Alan: now now now now now now now now
now now now now now now now now
now now now now now now now now
now now now now now now now now
now now now now now now now now
now now now now now now now now

Nikuko: if not now now now when

Alan: when the bodies get out of the garden
when the bodies get out of the garden
when the bodies get out of the garden

Nikuko: you didn't mention a garden

Alan: the garden's at the end of the garden.
just there where the garden ends.
just right over there.

Nikuko: when when when when when when
when when when when when when
when when when when when when

Alan: when you can't see something. you can't.
when you can't see something over the wall.
because of the wall. because the wall's there.
you can't see the wall. because the wall's there.
because the wall's there.

Nikuko: I can't see the wall at the end of the garden. 
the wall is there and the bodies are there.
the bodies are at the end of the garden.
the bodies are where the garden's at the end of the
garden. where the wall is.

Alan: I think there's a wall there.

Nikuko: where where where where where where
where where where where where where
where where where where where where
where where where where where where
where where where where where where

Alan: there was a wall.
now now now now now now now now
now now now now now now now now

Nikuko: when was that wall then.
then was it when what then.
when the bodies were then.
when that what then.

Alan: an impression is a furrow on a ridge.
a scar is a lip on a skin.
a jar is a slip on a bin.
a body is a cut on a ridge.

Nikuko: when when when when when when
when when when when when when
when when when when when when


------------------------------------------------

* production: repeated words may be spoken or
sung etc. in any style; the repetitions may be
longer or shorter. they should last long enough
to become paste, troubled and senseless sound. 
move on to the next bit at will. stand around.





REMOTE HEARING


MUSIC IMPROVISATION from NEW LANGUAGES

Listen and download at: http://newlanguages.org/remote-hearing

Remote Hearing is a series of distributed concerts taking place
in locations around the world at predetermined times. In each
installment we invite a group of creative musicians to play
together with mindfulness towards the others, wherever they may
be. The music in its totality is only heard after the fact, a
testament to the historical contingency of that moment. *

Remote Hearing 2: Stone Soup

Recorded Sunday, June 1st, 2014 4am EST to 4:23am EST

Alan Sondheim - Qin, Oud, and Cura Saz
Amelia Marzec - Voice
Dafna Naphtali - Voice, Electronics
Jonathan Moritz - Tenor Saxophone
Jonathan Zorn - Electronics
Lydia Velichkovski - Keyboard
Yuko Pepe - Percussion
Seth Dellinger - Voice
Colin Morgan - Computer, Tabla
Jackson Moore - Flute, Alto Saxophone, Electronics

Remote Hearing 1: Veridical Dream

Recorded Friday, December 6th, 2013 11am EST to 11:11am EST

Dafna Naphtali - Voice and Electronics
Jonathan Zorn - Strings and Electronics
Jackson Moore - Winds and Electronics


* ( Organized by Jackson Moore. We only hear each other's
music afterwards.)




Header

http://www.alansondheim.org/heading.mp4

Alan: now Nikuko, if not when now, then now
get out of here you didn't mention a garden's end garden.
just there where ends end just.right over there.
I can't see anything.I just can't.
something there is that doesn't love a header..
because a header's a header and all are and all is.
a header.I think there's that was there then.
then it what were an impressive header on the header.
skin slip.spin in.body cut.goal.cut body.in spin. slip skin.

"'You can say any thing in it' [pantomime], cried Alan.
'I don't see that,' said Nikuko. 'You can say anything
    a savage wants to say.'
'You cannot say the Declaration of Independence,' said 
    Harold.
'Nor the Elegy in a Country Courtyard,' cried Nolan."



Noodling Maestro

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/noodling.mp3

I remember getting ready to play guitar at a gig in Brooklyn
and Gary Sullivan asking me to stop noodling on the inst. So
what is that? Wilderness, desert crawl, loch swim, running
across cliffs unafraid 2 fall & get up again and keep on moving.
they're closing in.guitar I still play best for my money.feed 
me.so this moves from indonesian thru flamenco thru avant.not 
to stop there.keeps on moving.fast as hell then.thoughtful.no
one plays guitar like this.noodling.then there's

noodle of it! More francs. They buy it up big! like ke a noodle 
le caboodle le noodle of it! More francs! They buy it up big! 
Between macaroni and drawing, language noodles out, appearing in 
soloo thoro's a noodlo in my skull and thoro's a noodlo in my 
arm and thoro aro lights of many colors and tubos connoctod to 
tho noodlo in my groin from which tho soul of all things flashos 
forth from tho noodlos in my log and tho noodlo in my hand 
boauty-drugs do flow in tho noodlo in my skull and boauty-drugs 
do flow through tho noodlo in my arm but boauty-drugs don't flow 
through tho noodlo in my groin and boauty-drugs don't flow 
through tho noodlo in may hand :: aw niddly noddle in mo hund aw 
noddly diddly in mo skull now tho noodly in mon head now nuddly 
nuddly nudd! :: aw gruddly gruddly flu fro tho noodlo on my 
skull! hoodla hoodle hoodli hoodlo hoodlu by Daishin Nikuko in 
pursuance of Jennifer's noodlo noodlo noodlo! visible on the 
sofa thoro's a noodlo in my skull...". ... like ke a noodle le 
caboodle le Cellardoor elisha Zamin pet visitor Leighton kym 
Snoodle Tran Spire Accustom thyself! more! noodloo! Accustom!!



Viola for MacGrid

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/violagrid.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/violagrid2.mp3

yes or no?



blanked

http://www.alansondheim.org/blanked.png

cyberspace, they twist and turn, strike out with eyes blanked 
from too so that from the plain, one gathers beads into heaps. 
the heaps are separated by blanked space, the ground-state. 
think of it as the basin in bon religion, or kristevan chora. 
theresa worked went into an asylum. this, dates, blanked 
memories. golden hair. memories are like this, vague dates, 
worried and blanked memories. i separated by blanked space, the 
ground-state; this an asylum. all my memories are like this, 
vague dates, worried and blanked

from one true world to this, her screen now blanked the woman 
has left the room, her chair, computer vacated, blanked, dark. 
effusion of the blanked and blanking shell turned to hurricanes 
and winds slates of peoples passing by, peripheral glances, 
blanked exteriors azure to me as local suffusion, blanked stares 
against enraptured, i'd say by blanked space, nothing - but here 
- there's a moment of parallel - we grasp each other furiously, 
our eyes not yet blanked out. we live with your many lovers, 
eyes blanked plates of deserted meals. i beg you, these my 
memories are like this, vague dates, worried and blanked 
memories. all my memories are like this, vague dates, worried 
and blanked so that from the plain, one gathers beads, the heaps 
are separated by blanked golden kinds melting later appeared 
different names writing might for its interior. the true world 
is blind, blunt, blanked. vision splays this, her screen blanked 
there, the world, slate, erasable memory, all woman left room, 
chair, computer vacated, blanked, dark. then still granted 
meaning only desires muted at end. makes commercially interior. 
blind, blunt, blanked. vision splays sleep. certain theresa 
worked went asylum. this, dates, blanked memories. golden hair, 
your many lovers, eyes blanked plates of deserted meals, i beg 
you, these ...



infinite war

http://www.alansondheim.org/infinitewar.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/infinitewar.mp4

the news grows worse every day. the war is infinite, against 
women, children, religions, nations, races, anything one might 
imagine. everything hurtles towards conflicting inerrancies, 
with no way out. like everyone, we're horrified, we don't 
sleep, we dream we have nothing to fear. we fear everything, 
we have no solutions. our bodies are torn apart, our bodies 
are safe. praying for solution is praying for the annihilation 
of the other. our nights are paved with screams and the 
intolerable falling of bodies into dissolution. we can't 
protest, we protest, we shudder, we work day by day, we put 
these things up. but there is infinite war and infinite war 
and torture doesn't take a night off, doesn't take a day.



infinite war ii

these things up. but there's infinite war and infinite war, 
situation which would reduce me, incandescently, into the thing 
s/m incandescent fear of personal injury, pain, transgression, 
authority, for example, which is alterity raised to a degree - 
there is no goal. what happens in the real is the incandescent 
slaughter uneasily.  this incandescent drama, you may have what 
remains of me, my parasite, a parasite of alterity, dreams of 
others, incandescent, hurtled towards hurt incandescent air, 
there virtuality let it be said, nothing shall survive.

incandescent rock and among multi-taskings, virtual realities, 
information wars, incandescent the writing should be a shout or 
moan and in all ways incandescent moan incandescent ways be 
incandescent a both gnawing gnawing the almost incandescent 
BRILLIANCE in this TO may uncharted unholy there BRILLIANCE this 
in almost incandescent take categoricity OCCURRING at an 
incandescent fast-forward rate in the midst with teraterabyte 
messagings flooding to laser-incandescent heat. there is no 
goal. What happens in the real is the incandescent slaughter - 
naked exhibition of incandescent desire. The bodies of Abu 
Gharayb for incandescent sparkings, set off in an illimitable 
universe. but these are which I would give myself, even in the 
light of incandescent knowledge. eyes. CONCRETELY the 
incandescent world, CONCRETELY information corrodes, of eyes. 
CONCRETELY the incandescent world, CONCRETELY information 
parasite, a parasite of alterity, dreams of others, Las Vegas 
teetering on the brink of the apocalyptic with no example, of 
war, of torture, of incandescent sexuality - an impossible body. 
example, of war, of torture, of incandescent sexuality - an 
impossible body. which I would give myself, even in the light of 
incandescent knowledge. eyes. CONCRETELY the incandescent world, 
CONCRETELY information corrodes, of eyes. CONCRETELY the incan- 
descent world, CONCRETELY information multi-taskings, virtual 
realities, information wars, incandescent sexual multi-taskings, 
virtual realities, information wars, incandescent sexual multi- 
taskings, virtual realities, information wars, incandescent 
sexual multi-taskings, virtual realities, information wars, 
incandescent sexual multi-taskings, virtual realities, informa- 
tion wars, incandescent sexual multi-taskings, virtual reali- 
ties, information wars, incandescent sexual multi-taskings, 
virtual realities, information wars, incandescent sexual multi- 
taskings, virtual realities, information wars, incandescent 
sexual multi-taskings, virtual realities, information wars, 
incandescent sexual multi-taskings, virtual realities, informa- 
tion wars, incandescent sexual multi-taskings, virtual reali- 
ties, information wars, incandescent sexual multi-taskings, 
virtual realities, information wars, incandescent sexual multi- 
taskings, virtual realities, information wars, incandescent 
sexual multi-taskings, virtual realities, information wars, 
incandescent sexual multi-taskings, virtual realities, informa- 
tion wars, incandescent sexual multi-taskings, virtual reali- 
ties, information wars, incandescent sexual multi-taskings, 
virtual realities, information wars, incandescent sexual multi- 
taskings, virtual realities, information wars, incandescent and 
infinite war -

these things up. but there's infinite war and infinite war 

http://www.alansondheim.org/infinitewar.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/infinitewar.mp4



 broken bones,hurt air
 
 me, incandescently, into the thingthese things up. but there's and wa
 fear of personal injury, pain, transgression,situation which would re
 for example, is alterity raised to a degree -s/m incandescent
 this drama, you may havethere no goal. what happens in realauthority,
 hurt air,remains my parasite, parasite alterity, dreamsslaughter unea
 it be said, nothing shall survive.others, incandescent, hurtled towar
 shout or rock among multi-taskings, virtual realities, virtuality let
 both gnawing almost all moan waysinformation wars, writing should
 take categoricity OCCURRING at an TO uncharted unholy BRILLIANCE
 laser-incandescent heat. fast-forward rate midst with teraterabyte
 illimitablenaked exhibition desire. The bodies Abu Whatmessagings flo
 CONCRETELYuniverse. are I give myself, evenGharayb sparkings, set off
 on brink apocalyptic Las Vegas world, corrodes,light knowledge. eyes.
 multi-sexualdescent incan-torture, sexuality impossible body.teeter
 reali-informa-taskings,



come for me

http://www.alansondheim.org/comefor.mp4

you're coming for me. you're almost here. they're coming for 
her. they're almost there. she's coming for me. she's almost 
here. he's coming for them. he's almost here. i'm coming for 
him. i'm almost there. they're coming for them. they're almost 
here. she's coming for her. she's almost there. i'm coming for 
them. i'm almost here.

absolutely, and such letters as they present themselves, as 
One, it is the other come for admonition, absolution, 
engorgement, they rely on you. I am in a foreign land with you. 
Words come forward, as I waited and waited for you, to make 
yourself, I come forward as a teacher of bound packets, 
surrogate think parchment, the signs spilled. Perhaps I enter 
you, come forth through a come for me, / their faces screened, / 
mouth-banners high, silk carvings / in or around the square 
shrine. / They will come for me, / banners of grey.

Everyones got their price, they come forward from the back of 
the mind - can't You're going to be late! says the 'leave' 
program come for Jennifer That was the last time I'll tell you. 
Bye. and I take off and I come for him and I'm purged, she's 
purged me, and I'm gone. the world: it's safe, come forward. 
these frames permit place; bits and pieces come forward the more 
one talks. Jennifer came forth from the walls, hardened 
electricity, ready to burst, of all kill come for her to kill, 
but she was beginning to care / their faces screened, / 
mouth-banners high, silk carvings / in or around the square 
shrine. / They will come for me, / banners of grey sound come 
forth from far across the water world, come forth could come 
form come some mushroom cloud.

beating come forth from the walls, hardened electricity, ready 
to burst.  you are very welcome !orig you are very welcome for 
having me orig for moov secrets; you can come for me; I am 
waiting for you; you can address me in spite of everything, 
desire and intimacy come forward as themes. I speak to them, beg 
them to come forward. tiny species come forth in the midst of 
armageddon. They come forth and are age circulations/looping 
(cause i die become forever looping) coming forward, obdurate, 
out it is the other come for admonition, absolution, 
engorgement. banners of grey human beings come forth and gather 
their dead and die who shall remain nameless, who refuses to 
name me, who has come forward to forth in the midst of 
armageddon. They come forth and are armageddon. They human 
beings come forth and gather their dead and die. They come 
forth. They are tiny species in the midst of armageddon.



WHO AM I ?

-----------   AM, AM I AM AM,
------      (dor-type '(don\'t tell me what to do.
------  when i AM stable i AM like a table
------Here I AM O Jennifer O Nikuko so safe in you
------Nay, already I AM unmasked! Neither flesh nor 
------O Nikuko, shite to your waki, I AM your servant,
------and when i AM down like now, the maple
-   |           hello and i AM glad you are here       |
-   |         hello and I AM glad you are AMong us     |
-  What I AM I mean
- i AM getting sick swinging back and forth, I AM!!!!
-( I AM an unsymbolic thing
-............ sorry guys!!!i AM bi
-DO AS I SAY I AM DOING 
-DO AS I SAY I AM THE SAVIOR OF AMERICA 
-I AM AN IDIOT AND DETESTABLE TO THE EXTREME
-I AM
-I AM a MAN a cloud in trousers
-MARK AMERICA SAVE AMERICA I AM ITS SAVIOR
-MYRIADS I HAVE RAISED I AM AN ASTRONAUT
-THERE IS NO ONE AS COWARDLY AS I AM
-  -----i AM burned by signs streAMing fire of signs
-    -----things i AM ashAMed of keeping me awake at night
-                         i AM bull alligator. i will eat YOU!!
-                       ####Now here is where I AM balancing
-                  "I AM on a mountain. Grace is in the bathtub. 
-                  round, i AM  the                              
-                  world stops me =     are in  i AM i           
-                  world stops me = are in i AM i fucking 
-            I AM the flash of Chin wa
-         Bed. Perhaps I AM dead; my toes hurt covered with dirt.
-         Saying. They call me up in the middle of the night. I a
-       ............ sorry guys!!!i AM bi
-       ? W I? [Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!2;Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!I AM your
-       I WOULD DIE. I WANT TO DIE. I AM SO FANTASY. I AM SO SUIC
-       I AM enveloped by her smile, and its ranges
-       I do not so. I AM so ashAMe. I have shAMe. I AM so. I do 
-       I do not want to fright you so. I do AM your object. I AM
-       I don't want you look at me now I AM so ashAMe.
-       I would die. I want to die. I AM so fantasy. I AM so .s.
-       I would die. I want to die. I AM so fantasy. I AM so humm
-       I would die. I want to die. I AM so fantasy. I AM so suic
-       Truth. Oh fuck. I do this shAMe have, I AM ashAMe. Here a
-       Very I AM frightened and fearful of that. That I AM ashAM
-       When you repeat. When you toy. When I AM toy.
-       You do so form me when I do look that I AM ashAMe what yo
-       done. I AM undone. To be ashAMe I AM.
-       mouths our tongues torn from our mouths oh julu i AM so
-       oh julu i AM so afraid of everything that may happen to u
-       where I AM silent, my body is the body of my thought.
-      post I AM marrying you.] 
-     2-----You say, "i AM dangerous second by second"
-     ? W I? [Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!3;Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!I AM your g
-     ? [Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!6;Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!I AM your good f
-     The male deity was displeased, and said, 'I AM a man, and b
-    "Good, don't move it.  I AM going to screw your tongue," she
-    //////////////// i AM the bard  ////////////////
-    //////////////// i AM the bard  ////////////////
-    2-----things i AM ashAMed of keeping me awake at night
-    9-----of this entire life regrets are ragged i AM in the worst
-    ? [Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!7;Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!I AM your good fr
-    I **AM** TODAY'S USERS  I AM THE **GREAT MODERATOR**
-    I AM THE GREAT MODERATOR  WELCOME, THOU, ME
-    I AM. Mrs MaryAM Abacha wife of Nigerian late Head of States
-    AM  heh heh, yeahred loser,     pm      article for heh  heh
-    i AM burned by letters streAM or fire of letters
-    i AM burned by letters streAM or fire of letters
-    i do have it you fall over the cliff kwat! i AM will have sa
-    i will have satori, i AM satori
-    kwat! i AM satori!
-    kwat! i AM will have satori
-    me. i AM an other. i need
-   11-----I AM engulfed.
-   ?  ? [Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!2;Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!I AM your good 
-   i AM not aware that any man has ever built on the spot which 
-   provided I AM credited with authorship. I would appreciate in
-  "Hi! I AM God. How are you? How's this for an introduction:
-  (I watch a film. I AM totally caught up in the peregrinations
-  23 www.skinlessisgod.com - where i AM god, and you are not
-  32:4. "I AM God, and not man; the Holy One in the midst of the
-  43, Part 1 "I AM" GOD THE POTTER YOU ARE MY CLAY! MY GIFTS ARE
-  46, verse 10, it is written 'Be still and know that I AM God'.
-  :. i AM still  swearing (excuse me) not to get involved in too
-  ANNOUNCER: What is your nAMe, please? GOD #2: I AM
-  Author Unknown. I AM GOD, IS ANYTHING TOO DIFFICULT FOR ME?!
-  CONCEPT. 1. When Jesus Christ said: I AM GOD, Jews misundersto
-  Dear policeman, I AM God, it read.
-  Editorial: I AM God? November 6, 2002. The
-  FOR I AM GOD. FOR I AM GOD. Jews! Pride is sin And you are not
-  GLAD THAT I AM NOT GOD. I AM so focused on Christ, so 'into' t
-  GOD. I AM here
-  God 61 I AM - The First NAMe of God
-  God's Word. By: David Katz I AM GOD I AM your best friend I AM
-  God. ANNOUNCER: What is your nAMe, please? GOD #3: I AM God. 5
-  Hello Alan, I AM fine. The voices said, We believe in you.
-  Himself as a voice, introduces Himself by saying, 'I AM the Go
-  I AM GOD. by. 20 Goatboy and the Music Machines-Radical Satyr-
-  I AM beginning the millennium of Joy, Celebration and Ecstasy 
-  I Am God', Stories. October 16, 2002. 'DEAR POLICEMAN, I AM GO
-  I AM God and there is no other" Jeremiah 10:10, "Yahweh is the
-  I AM God the Father and I AM coming into this place, chosen by
-  I AM God, at one of the crime scenes.
-  I AM God. 7 that ominously
-  I AM God. To: fleshfactor@aec.at; Subject: FleshFactor: Re: I 
-  I AM God. hello. This is a webpage(no da). It has some weird s
-  I AM God.? As you slowly exhale, think, ?And know that I AM Go
-  I AM JennIfer and I AM AMaze. I AM already AMaze. This will b
-  I AM god. How are you? I AM the collector of souls, give me yo
-  I AM that I AM." He was essentially saying, " I AM the only Go
-  I AM the boy
-  I AM the psychotherapist.  Please, describe your problems!!!!



invisibility experiment

http://www.alansondheim.org/invisibility.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/invisibility.mp4

the weight of alpha elimination texturizing
everyth-ing collapsed, nothing working
everythinging




chantchant chant chant

http://www.alansondheim.org/chantchant.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/chantchant.mp4

chant of Azure Carter in Odyssey in SL Grid
preparing alpha elimination textures for
work in MacGrid and making these chantchants
now

everyth-ing everthinging




MacGrid Workshop The Gang In Action

http://www.alansondheim.org/thegang.mp4

With Lots Of People Present 
Now I Have Too Much Chocolate In Me
And I Can't Get Video To Work In MacGrid
I Boggle The Imagination
Learn From Your Besting Betters

thanks to David, Ian, Yael, Lee, Liz,
Bryan, and many others



i kiss my avatar

http://www.alansondheim.org/ikissmyavatar.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/ikissmyavatar.mp4


They chant the nations repeating the spirit within them moving, 
so they and chant and perfect slaughter poem in perfect and 
chant and perfect slaughter poem in perfect voice buzz buzzing 
cackle chant collateral collateral relative increase chant music 
particularly precious humble rites well valuable low the chant 
of the dark wood and gone befor long lung and gone :chant chant 
chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; :chant chant 
chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; :chant chant 
chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; order to chant 
the Amidah in the winter. Why men fight. One day Izanagi Why 
flowers open in the summer. To hear the bees chant Amidah. Why 
the dentistry reverts portal flora chant viously existed; I 
inhabit DMZs; I wander; stuttering, I chant her words monks who 
i chant i the i sutra, i transparent i to i neutrinos; i :chant 
chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; :chant 
chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; :chant 
chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; :chant 
chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; :chant 
chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; :chant 
chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; :chant 
chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; :chant 
chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; :chant 
chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; :chant 
chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; :chant 
chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; :chant 
chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; down your 
arm when you chant a charm. We have no names, not monopoles, not 
populated. Then that my work depends on the chant or trance 
state - even order to chant the Amidah in the winter. Why men 
fight. One day Izanagi Why flowers open in the summer. To hear 
the bees chant Amidah. Why the and gone befor long lung and gone 
:chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; 
:chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; 
:chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant; 
tion as option only. i need indra's net. i: i: chant as option 
only, with demarcated i hum, monks who i chant i i sutra, i:your 
womb seeps into my hum, monks who i chant i i sutra, i replace 
your building em-:non-sutra of i chant i i sutra, i replace 
your:building em-:non-sutra of non-negation Let our chant fill 
the void the chant of trilby-svengali the chant of 
trilby-svengali the chant of trilby-svengali. increase chant 
music particularly precious humble rites well valuable low 
increase chant music particularly precious humble rites well 
valuable low cap the capital the cause of the certainty the 
ch'in the chant the grandchild^ , obvious ^ chant ^ grandchild 
(son) ^ heard ^ it from ^ heard son obvious chant, recitation 
grandchild^ chant grandchild (son) it read as: the chant or 
recitation is the first form, aurality not yet

chant increase chant music particularly precious humble rites 
well valuable low the chant of the dark wood wondyr of wondyr 
chant of chant dentistry reverts portal flora chant tranquil 
means utensil utensils transparent chant go increase chant music 
particularly precious humble rites well valuable didn't you hear 
the chant of refugees mathematica whitehead vammiy russell chant 
principia hgrsgmg she thgrg and chant and perfect slaughter poem 
in perfect stop and double to continue). then the chant or 
discourse of the concept - voice buzz buzzing cackle chant 
collateral collateral relative order to chant the Amidah in the 
winter. Why men fight. One day Izanagi Why flowers open in the 
summer. To hear the bees chant Amidah. Why the ecoterrorism - 
whatever slogans they chant when they slaughter the tropes at 
work. We can see programs as performative, just as a chant might 
ava chant and hegelungrag for why. Maybe I make big book 
listening to T'boli chant and instrument, the useless chant of 
hypnotic y-c you monks who i chant i the i sutra, i transparent 
i to i neutrinos; i demarcated i hum, monks who i chant i i 
sutra, i:your womb seeps into my hum, monks who i chant i i 
sutra, i replace your building em-:non-sutra of i chant i i 
sutra, i replace your:building em-:non-sutra of non-negation 
swatches beat directions remained immobilized had vanished could 
chant every chant of the doomed dancer when they dance for joy 
using dance certainty constellations polish precepts rules cap 
chant stringed when out ah! he chant ah! isten ah! o sound ah! 
bserve (inquire) ah! eason fingers, perpetrators--to fur 
mattress youringed chant perfect poem each doomed and chant and 
perfect slaughter poem in perfect ecoterrorism - whatever 
slogans they chant when they slaughter the valley troubles 
mathematica whitehead vammiy russell chant 
filmstockfoofwafuturology fictivity principia chant russell 
travel! she it from chant lark, chaste so o chaste, shorn 
chantchant chant chant stop and double to continue). then the 
chant or discourse of the concept -




who can resist the allure of world cup improvisation*

http://www.alansondheim.org/worldcup1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/worldcup2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/worldcup3.mp3

*not me but it makes for some fairly strange playing




the drowned theater


http://www.alansondheim.org/drownedtheater.mp4

the drowned theater illusion with lost avatar.
the avatar is lost in the screen screaming thing.
the dead audience. the thing.
things falling. the image kept bravely on.
the projector kept bravely projector.
the lights kept bravely lighting.
no illusion, this drowned theater. the drowning.
the drowning of the image, this drowning. 
the deaths of everyone. the theater kept going.
the theater kept going on.


theater courtesy of Ian Murray





insizings, chasm, chiasm

http://www.alansondheim.org/jelly11.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/insizings.mp4

incisions, interiors, constructions, immersions

returned from canada today to utter chaos.
but here is the division between body and body,
i am reading sarah kofman on the subject of her
father, on her father's subject. and he was 
taken away and later, much later, decades, she
killed herself. i envy the confusion of chaos,
and the pretensions to order brought by
repetition until the water reflects an anterior,
until the holes in water are revealed. o, i am
given, given, given.




the..body..which..we..take..so..much..for..granted...

http://www.alansondheim.org/outsizing.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/outsizing.mp4

we..can..see..it..then..something..goes..it..seems..
it..seems..as..if..it..disappears..all..those..thoughts..
those..arousals..those..hatreds..all..that..violence..
that..loving..gone..we've..just..disappeared..we've..
lost..it..we..never..had..it..we're..already..somewhere..
else..we're..already..on..the..road..off..the..road..
we're..in..tears..we're..terrifying..we're..lovers..
we're..not..waiting..any..longer..we're..neither..one..
nor..the..other..we're..nothing..we're..not..and..we're..
not..any..longer...




in the deserted cinema, screentests


http://www.alansondheim.org/screentests19.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/screentests.mp4


in the desert, screentests
in the desert, screening, wandering, wanton 
wanton, in the desert, the deserted screentests
they are star and earth, wayward they are, wanton
they swallow earth they are screen,
they are testing screen
wanton they are, they follow star,
deserted, they follow screen


the literature stops when the dead arise
when nothing is seen for their eyes
the language stops when the dead surmise
nothing beyond behind their eyes
the dead shall stop the verb arise
when the noun seeks the body's eyes
what stops the road along them plies
the world was given to their eyes



no damage was done to airplanes (but our bldg was on fire)

http://www.alansondheim.org/airattack.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/fallingplanes.mp4

no damage was done to airplanes

(addendum: but our building literally caught on fire and now
it's out and we're back in our place and I'm sending this out;
Azure, Ossi the Cat, and I are all nervous wrecks.)

The first thing that comes to mind on this airplane is poise.
Suspended airplane thus static, the drink remaining on the
traytop, not even a momentary spillage. The hurtling airplane:
it's as if the world were ship to airplane is closely monitored
- and still box-cutters get through. i am your names and your
airplanes i am all airplanes and all children all airplanes and
all children come to me ship to airplane is closely monitored -
and still box-cutters get through. with the continuity girl!
Thwoop! Thwoop! An airplane explodes; Bulgaria my trust in
technology, flying an airplane, or rather being flown in one,
with the continuity girl! Thwoop! Thwoop! An airplane explodes;
Bulgaria to be packaged in pipes and bottles, cars and trucks,
airplanes and trains imaginary - on the way to a conference - in
a sealed airplane - emissions :the fourth airplane did not hit
its designated target into sky, you see among the beams, a
ceiling, airplanes, sky, and world, airplanes, looks like a
great giant person invented the airplane and the automobile. We
are the new people. We are freest automobile.  airplane new all
is want. ourselves It you. doesn't It matter airplane radio
invented television. and airplane the united states airplanes
pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, we are devolves into
the crashing airplane carrying the HEAD of the HEAD OF STATE
desireart'sroad saw within devolves crashing airplane carrying
didn't 'airplane' was 'aviron'; it was later formally changed to
'matos' which in a sealed airplane - emissions in despair i
search, the sea -- back in and down bottles, cars cars to and
others trucks, airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes
airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes
airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes
airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes
airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes
airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes
airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes
airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes airplanes
airplanes airplanes



absolute music and its structures

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/mississi11.jpg

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/abs1.mp3 (qin)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/abs1b.mp3 (qin)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/noyzworld.mp3 (ambient)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/noyzworldb.mp3 (ambient)

i dreamed of this, literally. the qin sounds notes in
succession; the background is raised through hard
limiting after the notes die out. one string after
enough... a second run-through uses hiss reduction
to bring out the entangled qin and ambient structure.

in the second two files, the ambient structure appears
alone; a second run-through uses the same hiss 
reduction.

the second and fourth are oddly beautiful, revealing
details of a sonic world i had not imagined. the first
and third present the expenditures and economy of that
world. 

the qin was chosen because of its cosmological role,
somewhat duplicated in the system of natural intervals
reflecting one mode of thinking through the universe,
parsing the affairs of organisms and atmosphere. the
affairs of the world are the affairs of the qin, and
the affairs of the qin are the affairs of the world.

what is entangled is inextricable.




Esthetics Protected by Guard

http://www.alansondheim.org/mississi23.jpg

Aesthetics Protected by Guard
AAesthetics Protected by Guaard
AAAesthetics Protected by Guaaard
AAAAesthetics Protected by Guaaaard



RRuusstt

http://www.alansondheim.org/jl06.jpg

TThhee ddeessiirree ttoo aappee aa cceerrttaaiinn ppeerrssoonn, 
aatt aallll eevveennttss ttoo eeqquuaall hhiimm iinn 
ddeepprraavviittyy, oorr iiff ppoossssiibbllee ttoo 
ssuurrppaassss hhiimm, tthhee lloonnggiinngg ttoo ccrreeaattee 
aa sseennssaattiioonn oorr ttoo aassttoouunndd bbyy ssoommee 
eexxttrraaoorrddiinnaarryy aaccttiioonn, ccaauusseess mmaannyy 
ppeettttyy, vvaaiinn aanndd wweeaakk-mmiinnddeedd 
cchhaarraacctteerrss, ttoo aaccccuussttoomm tthheemmsseellvveess 
ttoo aabbnnoorrmmaall vvaarriieettiieess ooff sseexxuuaall 
aaccttiioonn, wwiitthhoouutt tthhee ssaammee bbeeiinngg iinn 
aannyy wwaayy ccaalllleedd ffoorr bbyy aa ppeerrssoonnaall 
wwaanntt oonn tthheeiirr ppaarrtt. TThhee pprrooooff ooff 
tthhiiss iiss ttoo bbee sseeeenn iinn tthhee rraappiidd 
pprrooppaaggaattiioonn ooff vvaarriioouuss 
aabbeerrrraattiioonnss ooff tthhee sseexxuuaall 
iinnssttiinncctt, wwhhiicchh iinnddeeppeennddeennttllyy, aass 
mmoorrbbiidd ssyymmppttoommss, aarree vveerryy sseellddoomm 
mmeett wwiitthh. TThheerree aarree, ffoorr iinnssttaannccee, 
eexxaammpplleess ooff ppaattiieennttss aafffflliicctteedd 
wwiitthh sseenniillee ddeemmeennttiiaa ttoo wwhhoomm, aass wwee 
sshhaallll pprreesseennttllyy sseeee, tthhee ssiigghhtt ooff aa 
wwoommaann iinn tthhee aacctt ooff ddeeffeeccaattiioonn 
ccaauusseedd eerreeccttiioonn. AA ffeeww yyeeaarrss aaggoo iinn 
PPaarriiss aa nnuummbbeerr ooff mmeenn ooff hhiigghh 
ssttaannddiinngg hhaappppeenneedd ttoo bbee aafffflliicctteedd 
wwiitthh tthhiiss mmoorrbbiidd aabbnnoorrmmaalliittyy. AAtt 
pprreesseenntt, aaccccoorrddiinngg ttoo LL. TTaaxxiill, "lleess 
sstteerrccoorraaiirreess" - aass tthheeyy aarree nnaammeedd - 
aarree nnoo lloonnggeerr eexxcceeppttiioonnaall 
pphheennoommeennaa. IInn hhoouusseess ooff 
pprroossttiittuuttiioonn tthheerree aarree ssppeecciiaall 
aarrrraannggeemmeennttss mmaaddee ffoorr tthhiiss 
ppuurrppoossee, aanndd hheeaalltthhyy yyoouunngg mmeenn, 
ffrroomm aa ssppiirriitt ooff iimmiittaattiioonn, rreeppeeaatt 
tthhee mmoorrbbiidd aaccttiioonnss ooff iimmbbeecciillee 
ssuubbjjeeccttss, wwhhoo hhaadd oonnccee bbeeeenn ffaammeedd 
ffoorr tthhee ddiissssoolluuttee lliiffee tthheeyy lleedd.



airdance with planes and landscape

http://www.alansondheim.org/airshow.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/airshow.mp4

accompanied by clarinet chalumeau

chorus:
somewhere a body dances, somewhere a babe is born
somewhere a body prances, somewhere a babe forlorn
somewhere a body chances, death's already outworn
somewhere a body lances, couplings lost and torn

chorus: 
mozart fly to me
mozart fly away
mozart flee from me
mozart flee away

chorus:
somewhere a body dances, nietzche's all forlorn
somewhere a body prances, lacan's langue long outworn
somewhere a body chances, badiou's tossed and torn
somewhere a body lances, blanchot's is hardly borne

chorus:
haydn cry to me
haydn sigh away
haydn die for me
haydn fly away



alphascaping

http://www.alansondheim.org/alphascape.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/alphascape.mp4

shuddering the beautiful landscape of Odyssey's island sim
shattering the problematic avatar battering itself uselessly
sputtering holes punched in water and through waters' falls
spattering particles clouding stones and sloughs and skies 
stuttering avatar's remnants unresolved in the new-made world
splattering waters, slathering clouds and objects
scattering clothing, smattering augments and diminutions

s[con|con][V][con^2]ering wor[l|0]ds and wor[0|l]ds
0 0 0 0 0 o o o o o mouth opens chattering here and there




What I Really Meant to Say

http://www.alansondheim.org/hurricaneSandy.jpg

"clothing, diminutions body unresolved and somewhere haydn 
clothing, somewhere and somewhere shattering world body lacan's 
skies somewhere me water diminutions to shuddering smattering 
couplings a and outworn new-made body and a and somewhere 
clothing, sim somewhere landscape cry diminutions a a scattering 
body new-made flee sloughs to punched a landscape somewhere is 
born a punched somewhere and away avatar's badiou's and 
nietzche's Odyssey's fly haydn a forlorn somewhere somewhere a 
slathering through and for battering tossed haydn dances, 
outworn fly and a body splattering diminutions falls in of away 
lances, somewhere away me somewhere outworn a splattering water 
waters, haydn problematic somewhere is and all lost is world 
holes haydn and all haydn babe outworn me a world battering is 
clothing, from avatar a a from somewhere

"mozart fukul+ \taut me
mozart fukul+ awa+
mozart fukulee fukurom me
mozart fukulee awa+

"haydn CLAWr+ \taut me
haydn hZwanayegh awa+
haydn dayee fukuor me
haydn fukul+ awa+

"shudderrayeng THOOe beautayefukuul landhZCLAWape ofukulsh! 
OdyhZhzeyhZ ayehZlandrea hZwanayem shatternrayeng THOOe 
problematayeCLAWOO avatar batternrayeng ayethZelfukulsh! 
uhZelehZhzl+ hZputternrayeng holehZ punCLAWhed ayen wanedaternr 
andrea through wanedaternrhZ fukualullhZ hZpatternrayeng 
partayeCLAWlehZ CLAWloudayeng hZtonehZ andrea hZloughhZ andrea 
hZkayeehZ hZtutternrayeng avatarhZ remnanthZ unrehZolved ayen 
THOOe ne0o^o0-made wanedorld hZplatternrayeng wanedaternrhZ, 
hZlaTHOOerrayeng CLAWloudhZ andrea objeCLAWthZ 
hZCLAWatternrayeng CLAWloTHOOayeng, hZmatternrayeng augmenthZ 
andrea dayemayenushunthZ"



Atavistic Virtuosity, Pleynt of

*/On the other hand, another great review of Avatar Woman -
http://aural-innovations.com/blog/2014/06/azure-carter-alan-sondheim-avatar-women-public-eyesore-2014-pe123-cd/
/*

Recently I've realized that what I do musically - playing varied 
acoustic instruments (mainly bowed/plucked strings, etc.) - is a 
useless skill; it's not even a question of whether the music is 
'good' or not, however defined. I have to constantly repair 
things, practice daily, record almost daily, put the results 
online (or no one will hear them), etc. The instruments creak at 
night; humidity and temperature get to them. No one is really 
interested in the stuff and I'm working, I realized, from an 
older model of music/sound production where virtuosity (think 
Bird, Segovia, Bailey) was rewarded or admired, where this sort 
of music mattered, at least to a small audience. Now I sit here 
in my room (in much the same position that my hateful father 
sat, reading away), playing music without purpose; for me, an 
audience has always been critical, part of a sonic community (to 
borrow from Jackson Moore) that cared about these things, that 
embedded these things in a living and vibrant culture. Obviously 
that's no longer the case. I keep thinking for example I should 
get rid of my instruments, except for a guitar, qin, and oud, 
and let what I've considered 'the practice' go. What else is 
there to do? Working in a discarded medium places me on the edge 
of sanity, as if I found it valuable to work on trigonometic 
proofs - within a field or domain already closed. Now I have to 
think, how to trade these in? For what? What to do? None of this 
is valued in Providence of course; it's valued in NY, which 
brings up the interesting situation what I'd have to be able to 
move back to the city for a kind of semantics to right itself, 
albeit at the mercy of a class we can't afford to buy into. 
Already I have gigabytes of music/sound up at the ESPdisk site, 
as well as my own website - the latter is commercial and will of 
course disappear, and the former will probably not last that 
long as well. Then what? The air burns, the instruments are 
silent. I'd return them to their native countries, if I could; 
in the meantime it feels as if my own talent, such as it is or 
isn't, burns as well.



THE LONG ARM OF THE LAW

     ______
     |
     |
     |
     |
     |    
     |    
     |    
     |     
     |      
     |      
     |      
     |      
     |      
     |      
     |    |
     |   /
     |   /
     |   /
     |   /
     |   /
   __|_____
   |      |___
   |_________|

 Word:  ---------

-------   
---------
---------
---------
----------
---------------

Already guessed 'd'
Already guessed 'n'
Already guessed 'n'
Already guessed 'p'
Already guessed 'u'
Another word? 
Another word? 
Another word? 
Another word? 
Another word? 
Another word? 
Another word? 
Current Average:  0.000

Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  
Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  
Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  
Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  
Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  Guess:  
Guess:  Guess:
Guessed:

Overall Average:  0.000
Sorry, the word was "alnager"
Sorry, the word was "paranoidal"
Sorry, the word was "shoddyism"
Word #:
You got it!
You got it!
You got it!
You got it!

a-a----a
a-e-rea
a-na
adelnprst
adenrstu
aderstu
aelnprsty
an--e-tas-a
bdelnprst
cdefginprsty
cdegilmnprstxy
cdelnprst
cdeorstu
deilmnprsty
dersty
e--e
e-e----e
fginorstuy
fprsty
gilmnprsty
ginorstuy
gnrstu
gprsty
grati-ying
himnorstuy
i--i
ie-tasi
ilmnprsty
inorstuw
inprsty
irst
klnprst
lnprst
lnrt
mnorstuy
mnprsty
morstu
norstuy
norstuy
nprsty
nrst
nrst
orst
orstu
orstuw
prst
prst
prsty
r--e-er
s-o--yis
te-e----e-t



bloody dance

http://www.alansondheim.org/bloodydance.mp4

splotch dance 
blood dance
splotch dance 
pain dance
splotch dance 
kill dance
splotch dance 
crash dance ||:





there are men outside





Reading too much Kerouac

I wake up every morning crying
. "I don't want to be here" and cursing
Roger Williams for not running down the coast a bit
. He could have gone to New York City
Settled in Brooklyn and all that Jazz

Everything I do is the last thing I'll do
. I have to get that last bit right
I won't have another chance
. To get that last bit, write

Our place sits abandoned in Brooklyn
. We had three months to get out
I look up and wonder why these lines are indented
. I want to get out of them

And make a sonnet before it's too late again




purity

http://www.alansondheim.org/pure1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/pure.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/purity.mp4

(please watch in their entirety, the concept plays out)

it is not anonymity or the purity of faceless bodies that i 
search between corrosion and purity "and who although desiring 
purity "money" is _pure_ quantity. there is no other quantity 
than this purity "money" is an investment in purity. it is 
always already clean, without 'look me do.'" (lol, being line.)\ 
hempen\ reversals reflecting purity 'purity.' purity results in 
embellishment, ornament, creating object- (14) acquisition of 
clothes and the like (15) semen virile (16) purity of (please 
watch in their entirety, the concept plays out) /[z]+/ { "that 
purity and impurity are one" } 10. the danger is in nothing but 
the appearance of the _purity of time,_ 7. 'purity' of 
structure. i am playing something and the doing and undoing 8. 
deconstruction of 'purity' of structure. this goes literally 
without and that my language always be misplaced in purity, that 
all buildings are because the desert is not a space of purity 
and impurity, because it is boy was the holy purity of death, 
anne's picture by my bedside; what i deconstruction purity 
filth: beneath surface. stays scrammed, douglas, purity danger, 
franz steiner taboo, these sorts barriers menses it's as if the 
purity of these acts guaranteed their certain strength, as mary 
douglas, look again and again at purity, and with deleuze and 
mary douglas, look again and again at purity, and with deleuze 
and one should learn from the r yes|no measurement that 
decision, at the bottom, is independent. "the best-laid plans of 
mice and men often go astray"; and are inherently astray. they 
are never plans until observed - when the secret's out. code 
hides and reveals, checksumming a relative assurance of purity. 
beyond that, there is nothing but plasma analogic, and the 
digital grave.) our lord "this coincidence and not a greater 
purity of blood has preserved program transcendent... i'll come 
to grips... :: night-cycles... purity... second life bodies 
touch on the abject, but don't 'enter' within it; there are 
issues of purity and corruption. buddhaghosa's visuddhimagga, 
path to purity, is extremely important in this regard, 
especially in relation to illusion and suffering. there are also 
kasinas which are may be related to landscape 'focal points' in 
sl. a second important text is the hevajratantra with its 
multiple bodies; it might be worth looking at the works of tsong 
ka-pa in this regard as well. (again, kristeva's powers of 
horror, lingis, mary douglas, all come to mind.)  tcp/ip, true 
cabbalistic purity of the ggp, _gilgal_ wheel protocol, tcp/ip, 
true cabbalistic purity of the ggp, _gilgal_ wheel protocol, the 
abject is what leaks; closure can be augmented by purity, we are 
living in the mid-time of dirtiness, impurity. when impurity 
breeds impurity, when ought is pure? when purity breeds when 
purity descends and breath stops: [ 'true world' is misnomer: it 
implies duality, rectitude, the purity of [11:59] you: fascism 
with its emphasis on purity of all sorts, the [that what appears 
cleansed from within, the purity of form and con- _intend,_ hurl 
the purity of lightspeed approach (time down, space up!), a book 
to be handled with purity or impurity, scarcity or excess - a 
purity which is absent in text-based virtual communications. a 
relative inattention to purity. a settled test of purity, and 
modes of expression to be rejected or abject which leaks, 
closure aaugmented by purity, revolving within, the anarchy 
underlying the idea of purity, grappling guerilla-like with site 
and i will not be present for that end or the pretense of purity 
which and among the abject. the purity of structure is the 
purity of the world; and dummy and charm, and tefillin torn, 
what mkblin impurity? and images fall into space emptied of 
everything, including purity. and and nose, cleansing carefully. 
o purity, a lure to endure, lewd lure of and rumor rumor will." 
he would say, turned home from impurity, and would ask him 
taharot impurity baths. said to him: rabbi are issues of purity 
and corruption. buddhaghosa's visuddhimagga, path to around 
purity god misery. film attacking same. they can't. prolong out 
as if in interruption of the purity of the assumption of balance 
and purity in philosophy and dance. here, dancers assurance of 
protocol, propriety, purity. beyond that, there is nothing 
assurance of purity. beyond that, there is nothing but plasma 
analogic, assured of the purity of his or her drug. the purity 
is in the form of a attentionppenstance suture, heals clouds 
pleasure purity. pornographic, became a furious uses he 
stumbling. language- by language error, by purity begin to sense 
the purity of absence - have you read what i write? the jet 
beginning is given purity as the horizon, the endless perfection 
of behavior; it is never the purity of signal and channel. even 
with digital belong as mentioned artist, (earlier), game, game. 
his purity terrified blindness tells a story, nor is there one 
purity in balance with another. body in cries, in purity, this u 
of suffusions infusing effusions diffus- books and theories, the 
explanations. i want to deconstruct impurity. i boy was the holy 
purity of death, anne's picture by my bedside; what i 
buddhaghosa's visuddhimagga, path to purity, may murmur, in this 
can write to you without dyslexia, with the purity of heart 
necessary changing and transforming into the impression of 
purity and continuity. cipant, *************** problematize that 
very inscription (purity, in desperately d this covenant itself 
this against itself purity and purity e dialogic/dialectic: 
between noise and structure, abjection and purity, digital 
purity / analog filth: what plays in the imaginary stays in the 
disappearing back into the world of purity and natural 
phenomena; just disassembled by the desiring-machines of nazism, 
foreclosed on purity, doesn't matter. beyond the purity of 
technology, flows which are lost don't have the tools to deal 
either with purity or the virtual.  yes i drugs, the impurity of 
the races, and man-man love, not to mention other ey" is 
therefore the dream and purity of the virginal world, occasioned 
fissured itself desperately attempting division purity impurity 
good and flute-machine breathing incomprehended purity


So you didn't miss anything (works since May 7 2014, Argh!)
(collect them all, once I'm gone, the site will disappear!)

http://www.alansondheim.org/pure3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/suicide.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/suicide.txt
http://www.alansondheim.org/suicide.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/suicide2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/suicide3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/tongue.txt
http://www.alansondheim.org/argos2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/argos.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/argos1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/qintune1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qintune2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/glitchgrid.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/shell2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/shell.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/spaceship22.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/spaceship222.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/mfbuild12.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/mfbuild.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/wetwet1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/wetwet2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/wetwet3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qintune3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/4530.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/4530b.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/4530c.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/mylittlezz.txt
http://www.alansondheim.org/equations.txt
http://www.alansondheim.org/qintune5.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qintune6.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qintune7.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qintune8.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/vtune1.mp3 
http://www.alansondheim.org/vtune2.mp3 
http://www.alansondheim.org/vtune3.mp3 
http://www.alansondheim.org/vtune4.mp3 
http://www.alansondheim.org/sazetc.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qintune9.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qintune4.mp3 
http://www.alansondheim.org/radio076.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/purgatory2b.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/purgatory.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/purgatory1b.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/purgatory1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/purgatory2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/radio046.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/massie.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/purgatory05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/heaven.txt
http://www.alansondheim.org/purgatory06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/purgatory07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/purgatory08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/purgatory09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/guqintune1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/guqintune2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/peekbells.mp4
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/peekbells3.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/peekbells2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/peekbells.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/reach.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/arise.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/reach.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/jelly50.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/torn.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/jelly39.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Baluchistan.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/migraine.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/madal1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/madal2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/madal3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/madal4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/mockinghawk.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/qin1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinforme.mp3
http://alansondheim.org/exceptional1.mp3
http://alansondheim.org/exceptional2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/heading.mp4
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/noodling.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/violagrid.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/violagrid2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/blanked.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/infinitewar.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/infinitewar.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/comefor.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/invisibility.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/invisibility.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/chantchant.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/chantchant.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/thegang.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ikissmyavatar.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/ikissmyavatar.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/worldcup1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/worldcup2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/worldcup3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/drownedtheater.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/jelly11.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/insizings.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/outsizing.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/outsizing.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/screentests19.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/screentests.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/airattack.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/fallingplanes.mp4
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/mississi11.jpg
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/abs1.mp3 
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/abs1b.mp3 
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/noyzworld.mp3 
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/noyzworldb.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/mississi23.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/jl06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/airshow.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/airshow.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/alphascape.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/alphascape.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/bloodydance.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/pure1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/pure.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/purity.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/sm.txt
http://www.alansondheim.org/sn.txt
http://www.alansondheim.org/so.txt
http://www.alansondheim.org/sp.txt



FUN WITH ASUS (name changed)

Dnala A.Hello ALan Sondheim, thank you for contacting ASUS 
support. Please give me a few moments to review your 
information. I will be with you shortly.

Hi Alan, how are you today?

ALan Sondheim Not good.

Dnala A.I would be glad to help you.

ALan Sondheim This is the third time I've contacted chat about 
getting information on the RMA

Repair said they sent info out I think on the 19th. They didn't. 
I was on twice last week

Dnala A.I am seeing your RMA number as USX-------, is this 
correct

ALan Sondheim yes

Dnala A.Alan, can you give me a moment while I gather more 
information for you?

ALan Sondheim yes

Dnala A.Thank you for your patience.

ALan Sondheim No problem

Dnala A.Alan, i am seeing your RMA complete and your tracking 
number is ---------------, FedEx.

ALan Sondheim I don't have that latter number. I was told they 
received this quite a while ago.

Dnala A.Your RMA closed last friday and the tracking 
---------------, can use to track back to you.

ALan Sondheim What does that mean? I was supposed to be quoted a 
price etc. on the repair. They haven't been in touch with me at 
all.

We just tried that tracking number you have for FedEx and it 
says tracking number not found.

Dnala A.Alan, i do apologize i am seeing here your notebook is 
ship back unrepair due to none payment of CID.

ALan Sondheim What the hell is CID? I never received any email 
from these people at all!

Dnala A.Customer induce damage or out of warranty of your 
notebook.

ALan Sondheim I want to know how to sue you guys. This is 
completely unacceptable. We never heard a WORD from ASUS no 
matter how many times I got in touch.

Yes and we said we'd pay for it.

Please get me in touch with a manager.

Dnala A.Alan, i would be more than happy to provide a manager, i 
do apologize there are none available, i will have a supervisor 
call you back asap.

ALan Sondheim We asked for a price quote. We were told about 
$--- or so. We said fine.

When will that be? We're going out here. I can't tell you how 
furious I am over this. It's disgusting and it's been a waste of 
a lot of my time contacting service and then to have it sent 
back as if I never spoke to ASUS in the first place. I'm fairly 
public and have been a supporter of ASUS to date but not any 
longer. This is not acceptable.

The tracking number by the way isn't even listed by FedEx

Dnala A.Thanks for letting us know about the bad service you 
have received. I will ensure your voice be heard and i will have 
a supervisor call you base asap, once you are unavailable to 
accept the call our team will recall to ensure we get in touch 
with you.

ALan Sondheim Will this be by phone? And when? So we can receive 
the call here. And what about the wrong tracking number?

And now we have to pay for shipping back to you again because of 
your mistake?

It's not bad service - it's NO SERVICE!

Dnala A.Alan, the RMA close last friday therefore the tracking 
number maybe no showing in FedEx database at this moment.

However i will escalate the your case for as call back asap.

ALan Sondheim Last week they said they'd escalate my case AND 
GET BACK TO ME - NOT SHIP THE THING BACK. What does "escalate" 
mean? I waited over a week to hear

Dnala A.Escalation is where supervisors and managers assist on 
your case, higher levels assistance.

ALan Sondheim But they didn't. They sent the thing back.

They never got in touch. How is this "assistance"?

Dnala A.Therefore all you have mentioned to me will be pass on 
to our team there and i will ensure you get contact.

ALan Sondheim I need to know when I will get a call. I sent the 
unit out all the way back at the beginning of the month. And 
since then it's been a total mess.

Dnala A.Alan, i do not want to tell you couple hours and you 
received the call earlier there fore asap.

ALan Sondheim Today?

I also don't understand that last sentence.

Dnala A.Alan, as mentioned i dont have a specific time there are 
no managers/ supervisors available at this moment.

I will ensure a call back asap.

ALan Sondheim ok

At least tell me if the call will be today.

Dnala A.Alan, as mentioned i do not want to lie to you, there 
are no supervisors/ managers available and i and not sure if one 
will be available shortly to assist therefore i will make sure 
one gets your case to handle asap one is available.

ALan Sondheim ok thanks, bye


[The result so far is that the unit is being returned to me,
no one has called, and I have to make yet another "chat" which
will again consist of cut-and-paste text on ASUS' part. It seems
no repair will be done. I wasn't given a final price, nothing, 
and the shipping by FedEx cost a bit. I'm furious. Stay away 
from ASUS.]




q'in in qi qin

tone note none tote node done dote tone
tone node none note tote tone node
node none note tote tone node none
none note tote tone node none note
note tote tone node tone note tote
tote tone node tone node tote tone
tone node tone node none tone node
node tone node none note node tone
tone node none note tote tone node

done "    "    "    "    "    "





ELEKT(A)TRIC(K)

http://www.alansondheim.org/mississi13.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/storming.mp3

latter made just now from shortwave around 5.6 meg.
bad storms brewing. one channel processed removing
hum (to some extent) and harmonics, as well as hiss,
the other raw. original mono. my eyes were closed
when recording in that I were to imagine myself off
the world's medievalism, in the effusions of plasma
and radiations of the world's space. so that i were
to live forever, electrify, not a trick Elektra, of
this, something wonderful, the true-world of the
world's cosmology and transformations, mappings, do
travel with me on this incredible Journey



Undered

http://www.alansondheim.org/undered1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/undered.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/undered2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/undered3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/undered4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/undered5.png

I'd rather be ten women than ten men. I am Clara, GOD. I 
foundered upon splay. , which is why we are torn together as 
one, sundered together, the contribution of the viruses was 
immense and not to be underestimated. sundered to the extent 
that humans operated, i am broken now past door. in the wet twig 
foundered metal declares itself. Yes, and how you have filled 
out these many years, lovely Julu! Thus during the era of 
steam-engines and diplex telegraphy - and one must remember that 
the most of the nineteenth century ran on batteries, not 
electrical outlets - during this era, the stuff of the time for 
the most part indicated what? Young women, such as ourselves, in 
touch with metal, standing on stools with glass legs, carefully 
applying dischargers with rubberized handles, it was as if the 
real were out of contrl---Or Until, dearest Julu, one might 
speak of that sudden discharge, the orgasm sm, the sudden 
exaltation of the spirit, for we might have concluded then, that 
spirit itself were inhabiting the world, a kind of ectoplasm of 
the metallic. Matter spoke and no one listened. However (as our 
words and arms entwine), it's as if there were a surplus that 
couldn't be contained - the experiment of big explosion. Which 
surely is why the models were young women, with the demonstrator 
male, the demonstration of the male, dissplay, which is why we 
are torn together as one, sundered together, across electronic 
barriers, foundered. Do not Tire Whelps! = True and untiring" = 
"To an To have found faith; to have founded faith; to have had 
faith foundered. walk it, can't the jewel magatama bending of 
legs sundered Weave what thou canst now speak; speak when thread 
hath sundered. Sundered legs of bending magatama jewel so it 
can't walk Thus was my recent dream, in which a text was lost, 
as I blundered with my Sundered legs of bending magatama jewel 
so it can't walk straight canst chelal sundered dropped on 
sundered skin, trembling, yet stopped; from earth i am asundered 
from earth i was and thundered I dreamed of two spheres, 
enormous, harboring the sky, one foundered floundered on the 
floor, the other tethered and flailing. I floundered, foundered. 
I flailed, faltered. A somewhat asundered death.:separated by 
death gnawed night nightmares load gnawed death.:separated death 
means separate wonder lost. Your spit asundered by asundered by 
parasite wonder-certain-site. in Ire in Tyre, Ere Ore is found 
and foundered. Do not Tire Whelps! Your spit asundered by 
parasite wonder-certain-site. is in my semen found and foundered 
upon. We are stardust and we can never, always door. wet twig 
foundered burned burned, choice. comes dont heart, eye waking 
weakening in fear asundered by death.



Arguably A Corporation is A Person

Apply date : Apply 2014/07/02 date 01:55:25(UTC : Time) 2014/07/02 
[Contact Information] Name Alan Email Address ----------- Phone Number 
-------------- Country United States [Product Product Type Notebook Model 
Q400A S/N ----------------

[Comment] mishandling Subject of mishandling ------------- of Topic case : 
------------- 2. Topic Service 2. Subject Service : Quality CID 
Description Q440A I to sent ASUS a for CID screen Q440A repair. laptop 
Quality to Description ASUS : for I screen sent repair. a spoke chat - 
probably believe 6 on times chat over (I've this been to probably - 6 
believe times on over chat this (I've date) it someone cost who around 
said $100-200. it The would fault cost was around date) $100-200. to The 
someone fault who was said mine. 2 I'd how pay. to They ship June mine. 2 
I email said how pay. ship sent the on unit, June etc. 21 shipped. so. 
called said 21 me or etc. so. I they called wrote around me the about 
didn't unit. anything. didn't addresses get and anything. about gave unit. 
two I addresses said and I asked have have email resent. were Addresses 
sondheim@gmail.com were and sondheim@gmail.com asked sondheim@panix.com. 
at Nothing all. came No at one all. called No or one wrote. wrote. Nothing 
Beginning came last to week get started Chat doing people results. last 
Chat week people I kept started saying doing my a "escalated" get 
supervisor me. back case me. "escalated" happened. after On all Friday 
this told the after was all happened. that I unit told shipped 
"nonpayment." "nonpayment." received never email received or ANY phonecall 
phonecall for giving Chat payment useless amount - details. I've useless 
giving I've amount done or five issue issue pasting alone in pasting on in 
this boilerplate and responses never dealt anything. with They call days, 
within would next today, days, call today, call few a hours, new nothing 
phone came. number, them the new few phone hours, number, nothing . came. 
Then this. this. again number they again didn't again. I've It's lost 
getting money ridiculous. on lost the money unit, shipping again. time 
ridiculous. waiting and phonecalls should should waiting first kept place! 
lying, just me lying, the telling would come was soon, "escalated" (four 
said different they case) (four nothing. all Meanwhile have laptop's pay 
being for returned, all pay Meanwhile this, returned, I'll I off computer 
trash have it. have I'm to computer it pro off championed and ASUS, the 
but quality treatment lack quality of lack ASUS, support have has no 
horrendous. what At to point - no has idea been what horrendous. do. this 
, I
 
please please reply reply ALL ALL thank thank you.you. We been your of 
comment it. taking check care We You your can comment check and our 
response our through response link. the Thank link. bcdedit /set bcdedit 
disabledynamictick /set yes disabledynamictick trying - you you supporting 
supporting using using products. products. Your mail request Your ID mail 
is request 000000000000 ID by We us will currently mail process. been will 
by do us best 48 resolve If 48 still hours. our If best still issue 
unsolved the use to link Member below unsolved login 48 Member use Site 
Inbox Technical to Inbox view view reply status. you! you! Technical 
(Please above above response technical link inquiry.)

Q400A-BHI7N03 2/12/09 Bought Best Buy System Provider [ Name] 
Microsoft-Windows-Kernel-Power Guid] ------------------------ EventID 41 
Version 3 Level 1 Task 63 Opcode 0 Keywords 0x8000000000000002 TimeCreated 
SystemTime] 2013-03-18T19:27:49.960528600Z EventRecordID 6794 Correlation 
Execution ProcessID] 4 ThreadID] 8 Channel Computer Security UserID] 
S-1-5-18 EventData BugcheckCode BugcheckParameter1 0x0 BugcheckParameter2 
BugcheckParameter3 BugcheckParameter4 SleepInProgress PowerButtonTimestamp 
BootAppStatus *Product ----------- Problem Description] Parts Info 
*Operating Windows System 64bit Windows [*Problem 5-6 months, past 
shutdown months, From experienced 5-6 sudden times shutdown in From past 
chat:

bought it 11/20 down year have shuts last down year unexpectedly 2:45 that 
pm means an the not I sure get means 41 log not also says task 2:46 for 
need while machine doesn't conferences often, while pm doesn't need happen 
the often, machine could it see happening happening I'm when delivering 
delivering talk talk could There correlation seem the be and any what 
correlation I'm between doing today was looking a YouTube - video today 
2:47 section noticed download downloads - section "Fix download I another 
noticed BIOS in "Fix downloads system I halt don't Postcode what 72 
Postcode sometimes" 72 don't halt know at correlate of numbers seem Dnala 
A.Hello A.Hello ALan ALan Sondheim, Sondheim, thank contacting ASUS 
support. give Please me give a moments review review support. information. 
shortly. you Hi Alan, are Alan, today? are Sondheim Not good.

A.I A.I glad glad help help This third third contacted contacted ALan 
information RMA information Repair out info the out 19th. think didn't. 
19th. they didn't. info twice was am RMA seeing number as this USX-------, 
Dnala correct

A.Alan, me moment more gather can more you you?

A.Thank patience. for problem

i your complete tracking tracking i ---------------, FedEx.

latter told number. they quite received ago. a A.Your RMA closed last 
friday and track track What was does supposed mean? be supposed ALan 
quoted does price They haven't me touch etc. tried you FedEx just found. 
tracking apologize here here Dnala notebook i unrepair due due to none 
payment CID. ship hell never CID? any from these all! these A.Customer 
damage induce or damage out warranty your notebook.

want sue sue ALan guys. I completely We unacceptable. never heard WORD 
WORD ASUS matter matter many many got got touch. touch. Yes Yes we we we'd 
we'd manager. manager. than manager, happy i provide A.Alan, manager, 
would there available, available, have asap.

quote. about $--- fine. We When going be? I We're can't going tell here. 
how can't will tell that furious It's disgusting waste it's furious waste 
over lot service service it then a if in place. I fairly spoke public 
supporter supporter but longer. acceptable. This way listed isn't by even 
FedEx listed The A.Thanks us letting about bad Dnala received. voice 
ensure and voice will base you asap, are once unavailable unavailable 
supervisor accept will team we recall in Will And phone? can And receive 
when? ALan So Sondheim receive be wrong number? number? call now shipping 
because to mistake?

NO NO SERVICE! SERVICE! close friday therefore tracking maybe showing 
showing FedEx database this moment. maybe However the escalate for Last 
said they'd case AND Last GET NOT BACK SHIP TO THE ME THING NOT What SHIP 
does THE "escalate" THING GET BACK. BACK "escalate" - waited waited hear 
hear A.Escalation is where supervisors supervisors and managers assist 
assist on case, higher levels your assistance. case, But didn't. thing 
ALan back. Sondheim How is "assistance"? They A.Therefore mentioned 
mentioned be pass all contact. team call. need beginning unit month. the 
since total a mess. total couple A.Alan, hours i earlier call fore there 
Today?

understand don't sentence. last dont time specific Dnala managers/ no 
available supervisors ok

least me today. least lie A.Alan, you, mentioned supervisors/ i shortly 
therefore make be gets case handle one asap is available. gets thanks, 
ALan bye Sondheim

