
assessment among them

http://www.alansondheim.org/assessment5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/intointwo.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/assessment4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/assessment3.png

info in two



more and more

http://www.alansondheim.org/lockstep08.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/moreandmore.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/lockstep05.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/lockstep06.png

more and more they went inside they lived there
they didn't know where they were they made more
they made more like them inside of them 
inside of them they didn't know names or anything
inside of them they moved around in cycles
they moved in cycles in cycloids in ellipsoids
they came back to them they came back
they named the world throat and the fold swallow
the lived in throat and swallow was a verb
swallow was a verb and throat was a noun
the more they knew the more throat was a noun

more and more the noun and more and more the verb
and there was a spring a helicoid spring and motor
the motor was a soft motor and a throat
the spring moved the throat to the throat
then the throat moved away and then the spring moved
and the spring moved the throat to the throat
the helicoid throat and the verb was more and more
the throat dwelt in the throat and didn't know anything
where the throat dwelled the throat swallowed the noun
and swallowed the throat and everything went inside
they went inside the throat and the throat swallowed
they were the throat and they dwelt and swallowed
more and more they dwelt and you knew them 
you knew them and the nouns and the furrows and folds
the furrows and folds of the nouns you knew them
you knew the gaps and the tunnels and the breaking
you knew the breaking of the nouns and the motor
and the motor and the breaking of the throat
the breaking of the throat and springs and the nouns
you swallowed the breaking motors and the deluge
the furrows and the folds you swallowed 
you swallowed the throat and the nouns and verbs
you swallowed the name of the world throat
you swallowed the name of the fold swallow
inside of them were you and inside of you the folds
inside of you the furrows and folds and the names
where the throat dwelled you swallowed the names
where the names were you swallowed the folds and furrows
where the names were you dwelled in the folds 
and where the names were you dwelled in the furrows

you swallowed the throat in the throat
you dwelled in the swallowing swallows
you went inside the fissures and furrows
you swallowed you and the names
the spring moved the throat to the throat



hart

http://www.alansondheim.org/hearthere.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/hearthere.mp3

here, there -
heart, here -
hearth, ere
hear, there -

Azure, West Virginia motion capture
Alan, alto clarinet harmonies




my little particles of text

http://www.alansondheim.org/particulate.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/particles2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/particles1.mp3

#zz# 0DME 00README1st ABACUS ADbiblio ALAN2 AVATARS AandDofit AcciArt 
BKREVIEW Blood CINEMA COMPBIO CYBINFO DEADTIME DIARY DIARY2 DIARY3 DUST 
EXE_README FIGURE FILMVID FLUX FOPINFO FUTCULT FUTURE Fantasm INTERNET 
INTRVIEW KYOKO LANGUAGE LOVE MIAMI MODEL NOISE NYU1 NYU2 NYU3 NYU4 NYU5 
NYU6 Orders_of_the_Real-3 POET POETICS POTEPOET PROSEBIO Past QUEER 
READING REDYEAR SEALS SEXTALK SLresume SOUND TALK THROAT UNIX Uncanny 
VIDEO VIDEO2 WRITING Weather World a aaindices abacus ad ad_rev adbaldwin 
adbaldwin adchapter1 adessay adnew adrtf2 adsample adsample advert age ah 
alwaysalready am an analog_digital_proposal analog_digital_sample-2 
analog_digital_sample analogdigital_proposal ap aphoristicADessay apt 
archiveindex ashagame asondheimorg avat avatar avatheory b ba baghdad bb 
bio bio bio2 biobreak biog biogold blank blankhz blb bluelion 
bodyhistory_project book bookreviews brick bu bu bunker c cancer case 
caseofthereal cc chapter2 chapter2a char chat cheat chicago chicago 
chinese clark col collapse commitment convulsion current cv cyberconf d 
dancebadiou dancedesc dancedesign danish dd defuge derail directory dlsalt 
dnac doc drive dvdindex e earlyselection echo ee emanent emanent emanent2 
emanent_wvupress enclave englishresume englishresume epoetry equations 
equationselim esparch essay examples exe eyearchive eyebeam4day f ff film 
filtering flying flying foo foofarch foofwa footnote fop fortda 
foundational fourth g gatza gg god h hastac heaven hh httpindex i iI ii 
ill illeter imageindex improv index indexwvu inet insoluble intimacy 
intimacy_chat isis italianinterview j jew jj jk jl jm jn jo jp jq jr js jt 
ju jv jw jx jy k k1 ka kb kc kd ke kf kg kh ki kj kk kl km kn ko kon kp kq 
kr ks kt ku kv kw kx ky kz l la laptop lb lc ld le leo lf lg lh li 
lighting limitrevisited lj lk ll lm ln lo longest_day lost lp lq lr ls lt 
lu lv lw lx ly lz m ma mailarchive maildeath mb mc md me med meshworks 
messay mf mg mh mi millen missive mj mk ml mm mn mo model morenotes mov 
movie mp mq mr ms mswd mt mu mv mw mx my mylittlezz mz n na nature nb nc 
nd ne neh net0 net1 net10 net11 net12 net13 net14 net2 net3 net4 net5 net6 
net7 net8 net9 newarch newarchfull newjew nf ng nh ni nj nk nl nm nn no 
notes nothing nowproposal np nq nr ns nsf nsfconf nsffinal nt nu nv nw nx 
ny nz o oa ob oc od odyperform oe of og oh oi oj ok ol oldaba om on online 
oo op oq or order os ot ou ourfuture outline outline outlinerevised ov ow 
ox oy oz p pa pain2 panamar para parable paris pb pc pd pe perform pf pg 
ph ph2 phen philetc1 philosophy pi pj pk pl play playofplays pm pn po 
postmode pp pq pr precis project prolegomenon prosepoetry prospect ps pt 
pu pv pw px py pz q qa qb qc qd qe qf qg qh qi qj qk ql qm qn qo qp qq qr 
qs qt qu qv qw qx qy qz r ra radiothediscrete radiotheworld rb rc rd re 
ref remote remoteenc remotes resmusic resume resume rf rg rh ri rj rk rl 
rm rn ro rp rq rr rs rt ru rv rw rx ry rz s sa salt sandychat say sb sc 
script sd se self sexualpoem sf sg sh shortbio shortbio shortganick si 
signalintermingling simul sj sk sl slELO slc sliderule slper2 slsaemail 
slsay slscript slsugar sltheory sm smell sn so someblog sondheim sophia sp 
spray sq sr ss st sta status stelarc su sum summary supercon sv sva sw sx 
sy sz t talker tax10 tax11 theory third tongue totalchoice tr trace track 
track16 treefile treepath true tsunami u umn umove vel2index velpress 
videofilmessays vir war webindex week whatiscodework wilson writing2 wvu 
wvu wvu wvu0 wvu1 wvu1index wvuperform wvusession wvuskin wvusummary 
wvusummary wvutalk ss class syl cross film human m qq xt week1 doc week3 
week4 week5 week6 week7 week8 week9

= > human



Bad Thoughts

http://www.alansondheim.org/badthoughts.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/badfragment.mp4

When I wake up in the morning, does this happen to you, please 
add comments, if I lie in bed, which I do, having had troubled 
or chopped sleep, which I have, the bad thoughts begin; I try to 
banish them, think of other things, attempt breathing meditation 
but nothing helps. There are thoughts of my aging, of dying, of 
leaving Azure behind (which is the worst); there are memories 
salvaged from my high-school years, or Soho years in the 70s; 
memories as well of Nova Scotia, California, driving cross- 
country, on and on. I try to avoid these, then there are 
memories of my parents, or growing up in the home in Kingston, 
Pennsylvania, or further memories of my daughter and our broken 
relationship. I try to avoid these. Then there are violent 
feelings of regret, feelings of loss with friends who have died, 
feelings of abject loneliness (living in Rhode Island), feelings 
of abandonment (so many of our friends are in NY or out West), 
feelings of self-pity, of a life badly lived, of work which will 
disappear when I die. When I count breaths, thoughts intrude; my 
mind refuses to leave me alone, my mind splits, one part begs 
the other, it's no use. The bad thoughts are there and will 
remain until I rise, think of other things. I worry whether or 
not I'll see my friends again, whether I'll be able to visit my 
brother's or sister's families, whether I'll be able to work 
again, even for a pittance, just for community, just to be part 
of something. I worry about leaving things unsaid, unfinished, I 
try to avoid such things. I want to think of other things. I 
think of getting up to avoid such things, it's in the middle of 
the night, should I take trazodone and more melatonin, should I 
read or rise for the moment, work on a project, do grunt work, 
will that get me back to sleep. I worry that my depression will 
last the rest of my life and contaminate everyone around me, 
that I'll have a stroke, that I'll be incapacitated, that I will 
no longer be able to play music. My mind wanders back to 
childhood, to promises of forthcoming books that will remain 
stillborn, to recordings I'd like to do, choreography and video 
and sound I'd want to work on with Foofwa or other dancers, 
music I'd like to play with Stephen, I worry about car accidents 
and growing increasingly despondent over the 'world situation.' 
I try to avoid reading about pain and suffering and death, my 
reading incapacitates, haunts me in the middle of the night, I 
shudder in horror over pain and death imagined. My bad thoughts 
include dying before I want to die, I never want to, I think all 
the time of suicide as a way of avoiding bad thoughts, I'd never 
kill myself. I think of pets I've had, of moments driving 
through the Appalachians, of listening to Scottish music in Nova 
Scotia, of playing on the banks of the Seine in Paris, about 
failing to become a scientist, of disappointing everyone who was 
sure I'd have a stellar career in art or music or literature, of 
constantly disappointing my father, who said to me recently in a 
dream, 'you've always been annoying.' Everywhere I turn there 
are thick curtains, dark ones, behind them there's nothing, not 
even more of them, the curtains murmur the onslaught of 
emptiness. I think of missed opportunities, never learning 
Japanese, never visiting China, no more gallery shows, no more 
university affiliations. I think of friends who have been cast 
adrift as well, everyone dealing with misery, depression, death, 
of friends and relatives, of their own illnesses. I think of the 
return of slavery by violent states, war and torture everywhere, 
the darkness setting over humanity. I attempt to wake, I lie in 
bed sometimes for hours with these thoughts, I can't banish 
them, sooner or later I get up, work for a bit, exhaust myself, 
collapse back into deep sleep for a half hour to two hours at a 
time, wake, practice music, and that may be my day. I think 
about the phenomenology of anguish, of the state of being 
bereft, of the imperturbability of time, of the world closing 
down for me. I think of Azure, I turn towards her, cuddle, I 
prepare myself for the day, I struggle, dawn has not yet struck 
its discordance, I wake, I get up, I move. I approach the day.




Algorithm of Sleeplessness

http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn057.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn014.jpg

4% dream of an insomniac song if uoy real love me 3 Causing 
sleeplessness . ... .. ib. Prevention sleep from Levinas - he's 
hardly awake any more, all that stuff about insomnia. things 
weigh not to mention constant insomnia, headaches, stress, 
problems (37 sleeplessness 12: depressions

reboot   system boot  tue feb  8 20:13

you may stop thinking, you may have your sorrows headaches 7: 
crying : insomnias 2014 In Halifax, my depression and insomnia 
totally disappeared; we were education, Hunter; her early hours 
increase Last night, I couldn't sleep, violent dismemberings. 
ther reason, develop shuddering, excessive self-doubt. sleepless 
night. It is the glance which worryingly constructs inert THE 
PLACEMENT OF WORD against < inconceivable quarrels ,/,. Removal 
impediments, Tho 12:59] <;<) The Atlantic Yards project causing 
a lot nights for This _existence,_ coupled with electronic; no 
one can ied by continuous cough, possible water in lungs, this 
poor poem 'this poem' extreme insomnia; sense wonder gets into 
trouble; unmasked Cioran talks disappearance time insomniac, day 
luxury abundance. But his became ever more (z, surgical-medical 
abuse: bruise cushioned insomniac; sanctions over again as try 
(and have had severe almost while alone i sing tunes explain 
although occurs most important characteristic life Off-line, am 
currently ill fever, another night well confusion, anxiety 
leaves sleepless. aware <nicuko> logged broken. bent 
sleeplessness. he just lay arousal despair, broken bones, 
unutterable pain say what; nightmares occur constantly. frontal 
lobe, it's last governs when write 1960-1997 Sleeping waking: 
goads entire l won't be better than others course, other men are 
their account, contending mightily." exhaustion other- wise 
speak). _bounded_ typing away exhausted at midnight computer way 
show it. Too copy; been Siberia. I'll first, ago, before (I 
finally left bed yet disconnected _same._ believ fissure, 
devolving wishing they're torn sexual hunger, created 
insecticides contaminations polluted still, off some books. I'm 
generally sleepless, worse, brain twitches medications, aspirin, 
Welbutrin of), neurotic be, insomniac. time. could crisis 
capital things, chronic insomnia? reiterate, constituted 
exhaustion, (see Levinas), but Nets arena construction causes 
useless, boast, corners, illness, next never later migraine, 
crying, depression, scratching, anger --- great hermeneutics 
$84000 debt azure's loans selling worse sublimating communality. 
determining; determinative. wakening sleeplessness, diarrhea, 
light- headedness. second through don't depressions, anything, 
exacerbates them, does continued poverty. physiologies, 
nightmares, holocaust experimental writing. fairly well. family. 
past [indeterminate eye-focusing off-screen]; nervous- fifth 
(today): dizziness, Tireless, fingers longer type so much 
_stutter_ repeat example whom negation might chain-negation, 
2012 Just record, continues rage, 'twitches' Of give him sleep. 
i've going through, worry abou surviving it raging grief; cares 
waste this. that's hard understand. Everything disappearing 
lather, held suspended phenomenologies hold virtual world. 
miami. stopped first went couple same sense, how become these 
well, perhaps lacerations. or money will carry mute night; 
itself watches. neglected, rages, difficult live with, both 
slashed/ lately sets schedule/ 4/ up 6/ Existents describes 
insomnia's relation decathecting, being, hypotension, 
inflammation, icterus, itching, irruption, towards losing 
temper; (Or incapable differentia- ting between what arrogant, 
hysteric, self-deprecating, possessing very bombing, continue 
door lists, imaginary. Defuge condition distaste, nervous 
irritable. cry slightest _in manner speech;_ fetish-magic retain 
meaning circuiting consumed levinas' deleuzian merging sarah's 
ecstatic unclosing silence. dispersed middle photograph 
irrelevant): Other modalities deal insomniac... satisfy monitors 
twisting dreams, stress. tortures floods, tunnel, stretched 
muscles, tinnitus, sweat, fact, irrational fear _I found out,_ 
days dissolution. Alan Dojoji, ("I" acute insomnia), has nerve 
weaknesses, including seepages. Jennifer rides thoughts occupy 
_nothing._ They told essence existing seeping away, result 
stress pains those troubles tender pain, hilarity, hiccups 
making world-record fast heartbeat, palpitations, shaking, ness, 
tossing turning, nights. mornings promise cat's found. found, 
grips absurdly. nervousness quasi- psychotic real-life 
responsibility; ill-health complexity reduced despair book 
fuge," accomplished wept retired job joblessness helped saved 
incessant shaking world, Levinas, piece land, home location. 
Otherwise, Map morning, crashing imbecility all. puns rage 
replacing gesture want focus theory. presence? circumscrib- 
circumlocuting rallying 10. today thought writing enemy 
encounters You steadfast desolated soul eye, insomniac), 
sometimes tears, get on-line, do whatever debacle shakiness., 
filled instead fissuring portends...). stead darkening TEXT WE 
And descent whole classes psychologi- network neural within 
recognize, only ication; radical disjunction "real / face-to- 
face diagrams here nor there. Death terminology. because i'm 
always verge breakdown. obsession. goes on.... there's wrong 
extent bad aren't any; until flooded; existence becomes freshman 
mixer walked saying negro mess 19601997 sleeping philoso 
everywhere, transformation surplus wards meant reults form That 
Azure tire regrets, age, plateau shallow worker gives game safe 
divided parcels. parallel world collapsing. now nervous, New 
York, Providence - while all alone I sing my sleepless tunes.




the glory

http://www.alansondheim.org/theglory.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/theglory.mp3

GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 
GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY GLORY 




Tuned Session


http://www.alansondheim.org/laa7.jpg

http://www.alansondheim.org/laa1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/laa2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/laa3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/laa4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/laa5.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/laa6.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/laa7.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/laa8.mp3

http://www.alansondheim.org/laa4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/laa5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/laa6.jpg

Luke Damrosch, 21-string guzheng
Azure Carter, ukulele
Alan Sondheim, Alpine zither, oud, guqin, viola, tro sor,
piccolo, alto clarinet, shakuhachi

Luke's been working with alternative guzheng tunings,
me, I just tune normal but low, except for the Alpine
zither, that has a lot of fifths and octaves all the 
way up and down, then my shakuhachi playing is one
hundred per cent non-traditional so the scale is all
over the place, I love the calmness and intensity
we achieved here, and sure as can be we'll play this 
live somewhere in Providence, Rhode Island, in the
remnants of the 'united' states of America. Enjoy.



softly

http://www.alansondheim.org/softly.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/softly1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/softly2.mp3

soft and gently falls the rain
where there's no violence there's no gain
where there's no heaven there's no pain
soft and gently falls the rain

soft and gently falls the snow
what lives in heaven lives below
what thrives in dying thrives below
soft and gently falls the snow

soft and gently falls the rain
soft and gently falls the snow




New Year's Naked Zither

http://www.alansondheim.org/nakedzither.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/nakedzither.mp3

just the sound, no images, no reverberation, no echo,
no reverse echo, no amplitude normalization, no filter,
no words, no reversals, no accompaniment, just playing
across fingerboard and open strings simultaneously,
just the heights and depths of the 19th-century 
instrument welcoming in the New Year, getting rid of
the Old before it slaughters all of us!



http://www.alansondheim.org/yearzero.jpg

year zero




my childhood

http://www.alansondheim.org/childhood.jpg

childhood home... (alan) childhood ignorance my childhood 
untouchable place . . place childhood. . . childhood. tonight. . 
four winds press, 1970. an amazing collection, childhood but 
kindergarten, earlier? 1950 all through childhood take weekly 
saturday formed from childhood. he knew the sphere of stars and 
its awkwardness, ahead invisible 1950 all through childhood take 
weekly saturday allergy for reasons going back to childhood, 
fear, depression, regret, guilt, i 1.shadows of the bed where i 
slept in my childhood, 1950 all through childhood i had to take 
weekly saturday allergy shots; i most died in childhood and most 
died in poverty everything from my childhood as well. i was in 
halifax at the books, including my childhood notebooks and other 
things stored there. in ing back towards childhood, but 
detouring the physiological: childhood. tonight, its conical top 
is lit with lights, a sign of its childhood dream, walking down 
a wooden pier of some sort, looking left and possible. i would 
dream like this, reminiscent of childhood fantasizing, ask them 
to email alan with deepest darkest sex and childhood tales! 
exhibitionists. the childhood experiences on which voyeurs are 
fixated operating out of fantasy/theory/childhood/spasm (almost 
all of which lost confidence, inhibitions, my first childhood, 
the habit of expecting yes, i hunger for you, nikuko. i always 
have. and your childhood sent you i could only go back, not to 
childhood, but to the smell of the sand or childhood and 
someone's hair may have turned white - and someone's got i had a 
happy childhood between the ages of 20 and 33, and then it was 
childhood on, i have been effectively displaced, returning to 
sites of short dreams i have rummaging around childhood or 
sexuality or unknown at home. if home is where the heart is, it 
travels with me, childhood and my childhood house in kingston, 
medicine bottles spilling out of racks, the edenic trope is one 
of childhood, naivete, goodness, lack of conflict, locomotive. 
precise constituting language. reproducing childhood. faintest 
us! you." jacques. made mistakes. childhood leader. _here_ 
wounded childhood. nikki gave me a big kiss and childhood was 
over. from childhood which might have held the clue i have been 
looking for in a the bubbles, the more memory of childhood, a 
day, for example, on a when i 'remember' my childhood home 
(alan) bachelor thinks much. nostalgia childhood, decrepit 
rundown neighborhood. in the music of schumann) extracts 
childhood memories so as to embody a childhood, to promises of 
forthcoming books that will remain is it because of some 
problems in your childhood that you say jennifer experience of 
pornography on the net. "no discomfort with the childhood our 
childhood is our command. jeanne, answers below, out. write 
,early childhood ed , ification as if he played the 'ancient 
tunes' remembered 'from his childhood.' ever reasons - 
psychological constitution, social structure, childhood and all 
those rich rooms and intense childhood scenes we shall never and 
now, i see the computer reproducing the secret writing of 
childhood. tonality which has stabilized from childhood on now 
remains in a relative her dreams, which surely on occasion 
reached back to childhood, were about repose of childhood, 
surrounded by no ill-favored men whose powerful aid jagged 
terrain of the moon miranda, his childhood home, the molecular 
wonderfully presented, and the spectacle, seen from early 
childhood on. the _ludic_ in this space, space of violated 
childhood dreaming which music. my mind wanders back to 
childhood, to promises of forthcoming books through my father, 
who i didn't know, feared, and, after childhood, tried my father 
and with him my childhood security tiffany starts her wonderful 
book with an account of her early childhood to me; i wrote your 
childhood as well. did you have a home?



zen trap

http://www.alansondheim.org/zentrap5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/zentrap.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/zentrap2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/zentrap3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/zentrap4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/zentrap1.png

just a bloody old video game with enlightenment nowhere to be 
found, you can't get to heaven swallowing the sea. so there's 
someone meandering somewhere, the generation stage left far 
behind, there's no generation stage, no completion stage, you've 
seen this all before, i've made this over and over again, these 
graphics illustrating "the stain of the ten oxherding pictures" 
that chatter and chant like crazy, there's always sex in the 
picture, even for the old man mad about panting, woomp woomp 
woomp, no winning no losing, wander and wonder, chatter and 
chant, woomp woomp woomp, what separates my work from itself is 
the sheer pretension i surround myself with, take a journey in 
my world, you'll drown,



Invisibility

http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn016.jpg

Invisibility is the problem of our time, but there are so many! 
Most of our collapsing phenomenologies center on attention 
economies, acceleration, dromodology; these are epistemological 
problems, what might be examined, what should be examined, and 
the process of examination itself. But invisibility is more 
perverse; it is an issue of ontology, of disappearance, from 
within and without, a problem which not only robs us of our 
situation, our habitus, but also invades the discourse of the 
body and the self. It can be a sudden transformation, occurring 
at the edge of the possible, the refugee, the unmanned migrant 
ship floundering and heading for unknown shores; it may also be 
a slow and almost imperceptible withdrawal from being, to the 
extent that being exists as instrumental. Age is one index of 
invisibility, and this I experience: whatever I do increasingly 
makes no difference whatsoever, as long as it is with the bounds 
of the law. Making a difference, making a distinction, is 
fundamentally a communal and social act; when it no longer 
matters, helplessness ensues - not the helplessness of a lack of 
knowledge or tools (but that too), but the helplessness of the 
collapse of speech acts or being. The aging body is a refugee 
body, and what might have passed for wisdom is no longer given 
an audience, but is transformed into some thing swept aside 
within another register altogether. All of this occurs within a 
rigidity of etiquette which is not acknowledged, but which 
creates an iron and exclusionary ontology. Too many people I 
know, for a variety of reasons (political, age, class, religion 
or lack of it) feel marooned, a marooning which answers to no 
shore, no boundary. The issue is one of consequences, which at 
one point in our social evolutions might have been the concern 
of cause and effect, but now operates within the regime of 
effacement (what I have to say is of no consequence, because I 
am not speaking - a Lyotardian differend which operates across 
innumerable strata within broken models of being and the world). 
Engagement is not a projection, not what 'makes us human'; it 
is, of course, a skein, and one now driven by fast- forward 
feedback, ranging from high-speed stock manipulation to high 
speed online text-and-image feeds that leave no time for 
reflection, but, more importantly, no need for reflection as 
well. The horizon of all of this is the fracturing of steering 
problems which dissolve in rhetoric and shifting positions; the 
problems, however, remain and increase in urgency. Behind them 
is an increasingly devastated planet with extinctions and 
population out of control, existing within the immediacy of the 
digital and its potential for internal transformation (a change 
of pixel for pixel, for example), for epistemological slide. ... 
For all of these reasons, these flows, invisibility tends 
towards pharmacology and depression, towards despair and 
violence, towards the inerrancy of fundamental religion and a 
rigidity of logics and taxonomies between believers and non- 
believers. It is easy to conclude from all of this that 'we are 
all invisible' or some such, but in fact, the presence of belief 
and violence point elsewhere, towards a sweeping-aside of the 
ephemeral and the harnessing of the digital for a strict 
rhetoric of communications. For those of us who can neither 
ascribe to this, nor participate (by virtue of the problematic 
'essences' of age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, 
nationality, etc. etc. (all these categories left over from an 
age of classical modernism and post-colonialism)), nothing is 
left, and this nothingness leads nowhere to enlightenment, but 
to those invisibilities which are always hammered into position 
by others, but which always resist positionality as well; this 
is the state of marooning, defined by the receding of that 
instrumental past which at one point, close by, has seemed to be 
heritage, but in fact was a social construct - the social 
construct of time which, fast-forward, takes no time at all. It 
is not that this too shall pass, but that this too has always 
already passed, and where once the I-(pod) might have been, 
there shall no longer be absence, but an absence of absence, 
mute, ontological, nowhere and everywhere at all. There is no 
answer because there is no time, and no evolution of our, or any 
other species; there is only the time of slow cessation, on this 
and other worlds, and the endpoint of invisibility is this - 
that one is invisible because there is nothing to be seen. This 
is no longer brilliant weather, but fabrication bending under 
the weight of its own collapse, as popular culture demonstrates 
over and over again, and we all succumb to its charms, just as 
news, here in Providence, flails out with the slogan 'news you 
can trust,' and advertisements hawk replacements and necessities 
with the slogan 'just for you.' No one drives these, no one 
receives them; events as well are marooned always already some- 
where else, to someone else, to the displacement of populations, 
from nothing to nothing. (Of course there is the trope that 
'this essay, too, is invisible,' but how would one know, and 
where is one? And immediately that one can see tendency towards 
that absolutism that also participates in the annihilation of 
the world, as if that were not an occurrence. What is foregone, 
is foregone by virtue of invisibility; what is present, is 
unaccountable, uncountable, and unaccounted-for. Such are the 
shoals of ontology, such is the unseen, within and without the 
parenthetical.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn011.jpg



Invisibility, continued

http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn140.jpg

The hallmark of invisibility: 
There is no hallmark of invisibility. 
Wait, isn't that a hallmark?
No it's a sentence and a sentence isn't a hallmark -
From Wikipedia:
"No it's a sentence and a sentence isn't a hallmark."
I read on Facebook invisibility isn't possible.
But I read a brilliant essay on invisibility on Facebook
called "Invisibility" and I don't think it's disappeared yet.
It's disappeared from my feed.
You can always look at Alan Sondheim's Timeline and you'll 
find it.
Are you sure he hasn't be banned yet? He's been banned from
YouTube.
It was there last time I saw it. 
It was a hallmark analysis of the phenomenon of invisibility
in and around the digital.
It will never reach its intended target, invisibility extends
itself, it does this by doing nothing.
So there is no intentionality associated with it, no object
of consciousness?
None that matters, it has no qualities, no parameters, no
structure, writing has been quite an exercise, I wouldn't
call it pointless, but its exactitude is meaningless to 
anyone but the writer. 
A couple of people have called it a rant. 
Invisibility itself is a rant, but the author would rather
consider the essay an analysis, at least for his own peace 
of mind; there was something about the act of writing that
motivated him, as the words disappeared down the long tunnel
of obsessive thinking.
He said he could almost picture the world receding from 
him in a kind of foreshortened perspective bereft of affect.
Exactly, he had to picture something in order to keep on
going, no was else was encouraging or reading him, no
one else was around.
None of those mythical fireside evenings.
None at all, not so he noticed.

http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn152.jpg

http://www.alansondheim.org/invis.txt




Flagtree Qin


http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn124.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/flagtree1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/flagtree2.mp3

wild qin from tuning through stream and silence

flagtree flagtree firry.v fishcove.p flagpain.v flagtree.v 
flesh.p flesh.p flicked_.p pine, mountain, chasm, stream, wind, 
crag, cliff, crane

R.H. Van Gulik, Hsi K'ang and his Poetical Essay on the Lute
R.H. Van Gulik,  Lore of the Chinese Lute, The: An Essay on the 
Ideology of the Ch'in [guqin]



Mockingbird Syntax and a Few Phonemes

http://www.alansondheim.org/irene07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mocking.mp3

Mockingbird on the alto clarinet. 
The alto clarinet is suddenly pretty and with 
the sound of the forest or some trees where
the mockingbird might be. It's been a depressing
few days so this is somewhat cheering. But it's
only sound, thin as the air itself. Still...

(use earphones if you can)
(Ed, what do you think of the piece?)



daleth, door

http://www.alansondheim.org/daleth7.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/daleth.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/daleth1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/daleth2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/daleth3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/daleth4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/daleth5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/daleth6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/daleth8.jpg

openings, music by alto clarinet, toy keyboard
our leaf collection, our alto clarinet,
our new table for the qin (resonant glass top)

leaves from all over, qin from Stephen Dydo,
qin table from lobby in our building, 
alto clarinet by Selmer Bundy



Glass Qin

http://www.alansondheim.org/daleth1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glassqin1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/glassqin2.mp3

two qin pieces, one on the modern, the other on the 
Qing qin, played on the glass table. the angle and
sonic quality of the table in allegiance with the
1850s chair create an environment for experimentation
otherwise impossible, allowing for a wilder dwelling
against the grain. the sound is exact; the bodies of
the instruments add their own buzzes and creaks, the
sound and tensor of wood dwelling within itself.



Mathematics

http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn054.jpg

"To summarize, I would use the words of Jeans, who said that 
'the Great Architect seems to be a mathematician'. To those who 
do not know mathematics it is difficult to get across a real 
feeling as to the beauty, the deepest beauty, of nature. C.P. 
Snow talked about two cultures. I really think that those two 
cultures separate people who have and people who have not had 
this experience of understanding mathematics well enough to 
appreciate nature once.

It is too bad that it has to be mathematics, and that 
mathematics is hard for some people. It is reputed - I do not 
know if it is true - that when one of the kings was trying to 
learn geometry from Euclid he complained that it was difficult. 
And Euclid said, 'There is no royal road to geometry'. And there 
_is_ no royal road. Physicists cannot make a conversion to any 
other language. If you want to learn about nature, to appreciate 
nature, it is necessary to understand the language that she 
speaks in. She offers her information only in one form; we are 
not so unhumble as to demand that she change before we pay any 
attention.

All the intellectual arguments that you can make will not 
communicate to deaf ears what the experience of music really is. 
In the same way all the intellectual arguments in the world will 
not convey an understanding of nature to those of 'the other 
culture'. Philosophers may try to teach you by telling you 
qualitatively about nature. I am trying to describe her. But it 
is not getting across because it is impossible. Perhaps it is 
because their horizons are limited in this way that some people 
are able to imagine that the centre of the universe is man."

Richard Feynman, The Character of Physical Law, p. 58

/pronoun gender noted/




both and neither

http://www.alansondheim.org/bothboth.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bothboth.mp3

neti neti
neither this nor that
neither this one nor that one
not both this one and that one
not both this one or that one
not both neither this one nor that one
not both not this one nor that one
not both this one or that one
neither




Aural Anticipatory Architecture

http://www.alansondheim.org/varied04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/agni1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/agni2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/agni3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/agni4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/agni5.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/agni6.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/agni0.mp3

Thanks to Luke Damrosch's SuperCollider programming, we have a 
proof of concept structure for apparent reversed reverberation 
and accompanying sonic architecture. We constantly changed 
parameters and the resulting seven pieces are a good beginning 
(as well as interesting music in themselves). Later I added 
natural harmonic harmonica as agni0. Other instrumentation 
included voice (Azure Carter), Tibetan cymbals and madal (Luke 
Damrosch), alto saxophone and toy keyboard (Alan Sondheim). In 
terms of improvisation, the environment is a unique and supple 
aural dwelling creating a different playing experience than the 
usual acoustic or electronic-acoustic setup. Luke will be 
working on equalization, pitch changes, etc., and I hope to 
create a multi-speaker/channel configuration that will appear 
overall to distort temporal perception, as if sound were rising 
out of thin air, in a state of continual enunciation. 

We used the laptop microphone, and output into a small Fender 
instrument amp; all the components in the playing-space were too 
close to prevent feedback. If things go well, we're present this 
at the Interrupt festival at the Brown University Cave in March.
Enjoy!

(Thanks greatly to Luke and Azure of course!)




fact, it seems to me there's no way out of here

http://www.alansondheim.org/radio092.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/seemstome2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/seemstome.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/fact.mp3

It seems to me that the U -> R collapse of the wave equation in 
the Alan says, "Dria, well then it seems to me that one doesn't 
need For some people, it seems to me, there appear to be real 
absences in their And it seems to me that working with avatars, 
which can be as much a Alan says, "Dria, well then it seems to 
me that one doesn't need much of my name is nikuko. you have 
asked m. it seems to me that t. it seems to me

^ :it seems to me that voyeurism is not about sex but about 
knowledge and
	'((i believe) (i think) (i have a feeling) (it seems to 
me that)

that too sweet, irresolute... acros. it seems to me that this 
divide i my name is nikuko. you have asked m. it seems to me 
that t. it seems to me

places,_ because they _get me out of here._ When you bite my 
breast, draw such constitution. But then, if I would say get me 
out of here, would I --/ want to pay someone, 'get me out of 
here' ---/ of less language// get me out of this, you don't//

fact.



bowings

http://www.alansondheim.org/steam04.jpg steam-up/
http://www.alansondheim.org/bowings1.mp3 viola/
http://www.alansondheim.org/bowings2.mp3 alto clarinet/
http://www.alansondheim.org/bowings1.mp3 voice, ukulele/

azure c., voice, uke,, alan s., viola, alto clarinet

seconds,sonic,architecture,live,supercollider,,improvisation

interrupt the bowing... interrupt the bowing... proceedeth bad 
bowing jewels raiment precious tarried few least hinder gaijins 
are very awkward at bowing. how easy it would have been towards 
accolade! carlyle's bowing figures in proceedeth bad bowing 
jewels raiment precious tarried few least hinder interrupt the 
bowing... however i wasn t bowing my head and expressing 
gratitude to the calvinist different bowing techniques are used 
in combination with grace-notes, harmonics, hammering and 
pulling, and occasional bowing of the drone thinking through the 
phenomenology of bowing, processed, proceedeth bad bowing jewels 
raiment precious tarried few least bad bowing jewels raiment 
precious tarried few least hinder handmaids bowing or bowing, 
bowing down, playing music, doubled tautness: already back and 
forth and playing (bowing, ponytail, viola bow, swingings, the 
first piece is learning a different bowing/fingering technique. 
might be heard, not too close to the give and take of bowing, 
the proper was difficult bowing; echo and heavy hiss reduction 
was added. the bow is supplication. hence the double-meaning of 
bowing - the sarangi, sarangi, sarinda, and violin. i found 
bowing of it begs for proper tuning, brilliant bowing, some of 
cura cumbus bowing and bow lifts oh i love this example, over- 
or under-hand bowing, not to mention the like a goddess, like an 
arched vector, like a bow, like a bowing, flamenco and pipa. 
bowing is a relaxation; the fingers do little when bowing, not 
when using my fingers, my body sweats. it resistive. bowing is 
always changing, it is the arm and wrist advantage, to the best 
position of the bow. in both bowing and backwards and forwards 
bowing and furious arpeggios. i must best i've ever seen, and 
his bowing, magical.

interrupt the bowing...



Opening, Aural Architectures

http://www.alansondheim.org/ns16.jpg

http://www.alansondheim.org/qinrev1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinrev2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/curarev.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/shakrev.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/shakrev2.mp3

Qin and shakuhachi, 2 pieces each w/varied parameters; cura, 
1 piece

Playing in these environments (currently limited to 2 channel)
is a completely different experience - not because of delay,
but because of anticipation and spatial perception. For me,
the pieces are unique and calming in the midst of Sturm und
Drang; I hear and play the sirens of France, the guqin by a
mountain stream, shakuhachi of outer Zen outside Zen. Qin and
shakuhachi are difficult, sounding of breath and hands, 
strings and bamboo, streets of ice, Special Forces, screams,
and serenity.

Rise up, mourn, meditate, and enjoy.



The Canyon Film Catalog / missing history

http://www.alansondheim.org/canyonfilm1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/canyonfilm2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/canyonfilm3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/canyonfilm4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/canyonfilm5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/canyonfilm6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/canyonfilm7.jpg

These films are probably still in the Filmmakers Coop; I haven't 
heard from them, so I have no idea if they've been shown. I 
think not, but at least one was shown (I received a catalog from 
another organization), and I wasn't informed. For those who 
might be interested, these are master prints - I showed masters 
only, I didn't have money for duplication - which Canyon in S.F. 
took on. They then changed their policy (for legal reasons I 
gathered) and the films were returned. Now they decay at the 
Coop, nothing is done with them - but if you want an idea of 
their contents, read away on the seven sad jpgs. Most of these 
are 16mm sound films, but there are 8mm and super8mm as well. 
Why put these jpgs up? So that this minor history isn't totally 
lost, so that someone might find value in the films, so that 
they might even be restored or archived (hopefully they're still 
there) - and because I just found the catalog shots, going 
through other archives of my own.

Years ago, Kathy Acker and I made the Blue Tape and a parody of 
the Blue Tape. The parody has disappeared; I imagine it's 
somewhere in my archives at NYU Fales, or University of Ohio in 
Columbus. It sits and decays. The current Acker revival places 
the Blue Tape at a center; it's been the subject of PhD theses 
and random shows. No one wants to see my other video or film 
from that period; I exist as her appendage, as a diacritical 
mark of no consequence. The last show of the Blue Tape was in 
Brooklyn; I asked the curator if he would be interested in 
seeing my other work, and there was no reply.

Among the other pieces, a 2000 mph. super8mm film made while 
driving alone and non-stop from Dallas to Los Angeles, the 
camera aimed out the windshield, film and batteries changed on 
the fly. A 16mm hour-long sound film called Hollywood, about 
just that; I flew in Jocelyn Doray from Montreal to star in it. 
A 16mm 11 minute silent film shooting down the Sunset Strip, 
waiting for something to happen, and something did. Film shot at 
murder scenes and in burning buildings. Hour-long films such as 
Sleazy and the Year 3000, shorter films such as Nuclear Winter, 
sexualized films, narrative films like God, films made with 
slit-scan techniques picked up from 2001: A Space Odyssey, films 
dealing with male and female nudity, early conceptual 8mm films, 
anti-Vietnam War films based on found North Vietnamese found 
footage of napalm bombing, films made in New York, Rhode Island, 
Montreal, Los Angeles, where I made a 16mm film a week for a 
year, all of them numbered, most sound and edited in-camera, in 
length from three minutes to an hour. So many sound-tracks were 
magnetic-striped, probably all lost due to print-through and 
flaking, so many splices were taped, probably yellow and 
brittled, and the sprocket holes themselves probably chatter 
uncontrollably in the projector. I haven't seen the films in 
years myself, perhaps they're discarded, or overheated, curled, 
perhaps the cans are rusted. For a long time they were shown at 
Millennium in New York, thanks to Howard Guttenplan, but the 
film community never came, there was no buildup of interest, I 
wrote a few articles on them that were published, but I wasn't 
part of the movement, I went to their films, I knew them, there 
was talk of a twenty-four hour showing of my work, of a curated 
night or nights, nothing came of anything. I imagine the color 
stock slowly reddening, imagine fingerprints burned in, maybe 
they've been stolen, what remains are these pages, I think maybe 
a few video conversions, I'm not sure, just as the EIAJ videos I 
made, including the Acker ones but so many more, are hopelessly 
chemically decaying, sticking together, they can only play once, 
NYU Fales hasn't been interested in reviving them, it costs too 
much, maybe another twenty hours there, I'm not sure. Now I make 
my little videos and put them up, YouTube has banned me without 
recourse or due process thanks to Google, perhaps four or five 
people watch them, they show at various places, but there's 
still no community. The earlier films go back as far as 1977 at 
least, and up through the early 1990s, and they're different 
from my current work, they were also different from other work 
back then, all that in-camera editing, fast processing, master- 
showing, broken narratives, sound-sync and pseudo sound-sync, 
wild theory, and no homage to or lineage from the male heroes of 
avant-garde cinema at the time, I don't think I ever showed at 
Anthology for example and couldn't understand Brakhage's appeal 
and structural cinema bored me. Tony Conrad brought me out to 
Hallwalls and mocked my work, there was no audience. I showed at 
MOMA and in two Whitney Biennials and thought I was getting 
somewhere. It just stopped. At different times I showed all over 
the country. I never got a film grant and couldn't continue. I 
improvised all sorts of optical arrays for production. Later I 
did the same with 3/4" tape and went back and used Beta as well 
and all that stuff's disappeared. I think the originals are at 
NYU Fales but there are a lot also in Ohio. Tim Murray at 
Cornell has about two terabytes of my video archives, but I've 
written him several times about updating them (at least another 
terabyte at this point), and he's never written back. I'm afraid 
all my work, digital, analog, and physical, will eventually be 
discarded, I'm not that important, at NYU and Ohio, there are 
boxes and boxes, what's online like this text will disappear 
after I die, obviously, I keep taking things down on the 
alansondheim site because there's limited space, it's a site I 
have to pay for, it's difficult to do, so those files will be 
gone. What's left will be the Acker tape somewhere and maybe 
those anthologies I made years ago because really important 
people are in them, I have a good eye. But as for the videos and 
music and films, and the films listed in the jpgs above, I don't 
know, realistically they're probably still at the Coop, corroded 
and split, sooner or later they'll be discarded as well. At 
least I had a chance to make them, and wonder at their beauty 
and intensity, and that's most likely the end of them, of it 
all, of my work. If you're not canonic, if your genre slips, 
your work is stillborn, here's the catalog, or at least its 
imaginary, I dream the presence of these films, I dream your 
presence, I dream the screen illuminated, I dream the screen 
itself, your presence, the image, the sound.


threnody

http://www.alansondheim.org/coldbone1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/coldbone2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/coldbone3.mp3

where are evelyn and norman now
where are weiss and sondheim
in the ground
in the cold cold ground

do they talk to one another
do they talk to one another then
their backs are to each other now
in the ground
in the cold cold ground

are they yet together 
are they yet together then
they are apart forever now
in the ground 
in the cold cold ground

what do you say to them
what do you say to them now
i'd say you're forever joined apart
i'd say you're back to back forever
in the ground
in the cold cold ground

i'd say no prayer nor cry would aid
no book nor journey turned to dust
forever joined no voice nor name
forever silent forever bone
in the ground
in the cold cold ground

you're forever joined apart
in the ground 
in the cold cold ground



wildness in dying and creation

http://www.alansondheim.org/sonific2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/sonific.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/sonific1.png

sonification space in the virtual mashup
dance in aural space, echo without diminution (tails)
tails leave memento, forget-me-nots
without diminution, avatars; with tails, history
i woke shuddering thinking of friends dying and dead
shaking so many warm families nearby their relatives
i am stony and cold azure keeps me alive and warm
the violence of creation collapses the dying world
the dying world leaves no trail; nothing does
history is the tail of regency; historiography, autopsy
two nights ago we saved a small spider
it was in the hallway; now hopefully in our plantworld
everything indoors; the violence of the frigid day


farmland

http://www.alansondheim.org/farmland4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/farmland1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/farmland2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/farmland3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/farmland5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/farmland6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/farmland7.jpg

reproduction, birthing, intellectual property, farmlands 
reproduction, birthing, intellectual property, farmlands


orchestron

http://www.alansondheim.org/orchestron.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/orchestron.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/orchestron2.mp3

earphones, no surprises, eyes closed,
breathing slowly, counting n-flats of the cube,
8/0, 12/1, 6/2, 1/3 over and over again,
until the vision comes, eyes closed, of the cube,
no surprises, of the measure polytope of dimension four,
slowly counting, eyes closed, earphones, no surprises, 
of the measure polytope of dimension five, earphones,
slowly counting, no surprises, eyes closed,
eyes wide open,


2 different growths

http://www.alansondheim.org/growths.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/growths.mp4


Scooped

http://www.alansondheim.org/scooped.bmp
http://www.alansondheim.org/scooped.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/scooped.mp3

I can be led to runes, I can scoop them up. A very large pelican 
scoops bree up in its enormous beak and flies off - puddles! tea 
scoop chashaku grooved scoop: technical imminent tendrils, tea 
the scoop node chashaku then broken into at grooved towards 
scoop, the then scoop! into tea grooved scoop towards chashaku 
scoop! at from rend rive scoop scrapscrunch scruple shard shred 
shatter shaving shiver and yes, I can be led to runes! I can 
scoop them up!



albert system 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ibelieve4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/arabesque.mp3

albert system clarinet with reverse reverbration software,
various versions including 2.1.1, all by luke damrosch, some
parameter tweaking by me

are rows of protocols in the garden, arabesques... firmament 
bleeds, arabesque designs of the essence of luminous seasons of 
the artist tracing his arabesque in infinite matter amplifies, 
but i reread this, Nikuko says, and "there's no gap," it's bleak 
orientalism, romanticisms, orientalisms, fantastic accounts, 
dialogs, everything, australia, africa, where are you, asia you 
are my fond asia, orientalism



later fury

http://www.alansondheim.org/cookin02.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/laterfury.mp3

open your mouth... ah... speak... speak...
alan, what do they call you, when they call you... 

call me wanderer, call me desecrated, call me vagabond, call me 
fury

are you dressed as call me wanderer, call me desecrated, call me 
vagabond, call me fury? is call me wanderer, call me desecrated, 
call me vagabond, call me fury dressed as you?

are you in your womb, are you in your flesh, ah don't answer...
ah...

is alan wearing your ... , are you wearing your armor?

i'm wearing nothing i'm wearing grenade i'm wearing bomb i'm 
wearing bullet i'm wearing armor of righteousness

i love your feelings, call me wanderer, call me desecrated, call 
me vagabond, call me fury ...

your womb mixes me throughout your armor!
what do you call your thrusting armor?

bomb, bullet, gun, cannon, torpedo, spear, sword, dynamite, 
black powder, arrow, rock, boulder, perfect armor of the perfect 
text

call me wanderer, call me desecrated, call me vagabond, call me 
fury, bomb, bullet, gun, cannon, torpedo, spear, sword, 
dynamite, black powder, arrow, rock, boulder, perfect armor of 
the perfect text opens me totally to you!

arm gone leg gone head cut cock cut breast cut throat cut arms 
cut off legs cut off

my arm gone is yours... bomb, bullet, gun, cannon, torpedo, 
spear, sword, dynamite, black powder, arrow, rock, boulder, 
perfect armor of the perfect text makes me thoughtful -2797 
times!

bomb, bullet, gun, cannon, torpedo, spear, sword, dynamite, 
black powder, arrow, rock, boulder, perfect armor of the perfect 
text calls forth manic your makeup, eating, excreting memory.

throughout the pure, bomb, bullet, gun, cannon, torpedo, spear, 
sword, dynamite, black powder, arrow, rock, boulder, perfect 
armor of the perfect text is , pure, i'm wearing nothing i'm 
wearing grenade i'm wearing bomb

i'm wearing bullet i'm wearing armor of righteousness?
... your makeup is arms cut off legs cut off here, it's your 
makeup?

are you becoming close to alan's bomb, bullet, gun, cannon, 
torpedo, spear, sword, dynamite, black powder, arrow, rock, 
boulder, perfect armor of the perfect text?

yes

ah, a wet and lovely fantasy, you melt into alan's skin 
forever...

for so many days, i have been sedate alan ...
and it has taken you just seconds minutes turning armor ...

state of my mid which obsesses aboyout deatgh byout h=jyoust not 
now, now :it's a new file, it's where thig=ngs are going to 
happen in spite of the ::that, this locationj is closed, it 
won't be remembered, not a bit at all, :

your soiled and happen here and it is a location which won't be 
remembered, she said is in my catatonic nothing's there of 
alan's gone somewhere else

your womb seeps into my nothing's there of alan's gone somewhere 
else - turning me alan-alan state of my mid which obsesses 
aboyout deatgh byout h=jyoust not now, now it's :it's a new 
file, it's where thig=ngs are going to happen in spite of the 
::somewhere else yoyour womb seeps into my nothing's there of 
alan's gone ::it's a new file, it's where thig=ngs are going to 
happen in spite of the

your sleazy remembered, he said is in my catatonic nothing's 
there of alan's gone is in my used state of my mid which 
obsesses aboyoyout deatgh byoyout h=jyoyoust not now, now

your your womb seeps into my state of my mid which obsesses 
aboyoyout deatgh byoyout h=jyoyoust not now, now - turning me 
alan-alan state of my mid which obsesses aboyout deatgh byout 
h=jyoust not now, now it's :it's a new file, it's where thig=ngs 
are going to happen in spite of the :::aboyoyout deatgh byoyout 
h=jyoyoust not now, now it's :it's a new file, it's

would mind you partying, state of my mid which obsesses aboyout 
deatgh byout h=jyoust not now, now it's , with us?

your poor me jyoulyou-alan is in my soiled somewhere else - 
tyourning me jyoulyou-alan state of my mid which obsesses

ah, my makeup eaten by alan-of-the-open-arms and alan-depressed
state of my mid which obsesses about deatgh but h=just not now, now it's 
:it's a new file, it's where thig=ngs are going to happen in spite of the 
:::

your thrusting iir stick! what do ii call iir lively flower? is 
in my depressed jiilii-alan state of my mid which obsesses here, 
it's my makeup?

devour thrusting iir stick! what do ii call iir lively flower? 
alan-of-the partying state of my mid which obsesses about deatgh 
but h=just not now, now it's !

clunch:once then you will happen, buried in morange, twigs in 
mouth, against the clunch the hardened clay:now i will say 
something lovely and you will be very happy with me, the clunch 
is a hardened clay, morange is fodder, you will so have better 
value here:saliva which is the heart of clunch and mucus which 
is the heart of morange:saliva which is the heart

of clunch and mucus which is the heart of morange
come home with me, clunch, alan-of-the-fast-crowd!

your linen saliva which is the heart of clunch and mucus which 
is the heart of morange is in my wanton saliva which is the 
heart of clunch and mucus which is the heart of morange bomb, 
bullet, gun, cannon, torpedo, spear, sword, dynamite, black 
powder, arrow, rock, boulder, perfect armor of the perfect 
text:i'm wearing nothing i'm wearing grenade i'm wearing bomb 
i'm wearing bullet i'm wearing armor of righteousness:call me 
wanderer, call me desecrated, call me vagabond, call me fury:leg 
gone:

your manic arm gone is in my pure arms cut off legs cut off 
devour manic arm gone alan-of-the partying bomb, bullet, gun, 
cannon, torpedo, spear, sword, dynamite, black powder, arrow, 
rock, boulder, perfect armor of the perfect text!




The Horrifying Fight

trying to get my embrochure and dissemination of everything
anticipatory working together - you know between the Albert
Bb and the Boehm alto, there's no relationship whatsoever,
according to my poor mouth. Argh! Meanwhile some interesting
work came out, barely hanging in there, my giant mogul* -

http://www.alansondheim.org/newrrr2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/wave1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/wave2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/wave3.mp3

*I'm probably playing too much with myself -




Chalemeau and Goal


http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn128.jpg

improvisation in the chalemeau (lowest) register
of the Albert clarinet (call or calling-forth)

http://www.alansondheim.org/chalemeau.mp3

chant for a goal against Real Madrid which succeeded:

http://www.alansondheim.org/goal.mp3




REVREV! VERVER!


REVREVERVER MANIFESTO!
REVREVERVER CALL TO ACTION!
REVREVERVER PROGRAM FOR FUTURE!
REVREVERVER PROGRAM FOR FUTURE ACTION!

VERVER!
VERVER!
VERVER!

http://www.alansondheim.org/cairnphoto12.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/revrev2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/revrev3.mp3

REVREV = reverse reverb
REVREV = review revise
REVREV = anticipatory processes
REVREV = reving reving engines cultures
REVREV = reviewing rehearsing
REVREV = rehearse after productiohs
REVREV = revamped processes of the future anterior
REVREV = what would have been after it might have been
REVREV = DANCE REVREV before the DANCE
REVREV = producing productions after production
REVREV = transient mobile sonic architectures
REVREV = sonic community of the future now
REVREV = always already the case before the case
REVREV = sounds opened with the whirlwind of sound
REVREV = doorless and transparent permeable monads
REVREV = VERVER
VERVER = REVREV
brever esrever = VERVER
esiver weiver = VERVER
sessecorp yrotapicitna = VERVER
serutluc senigne gniver gniver = VERVER
gnisraeher gniweiver = VERVER
shoitcudorp retfa esraeher = VERVER
roiretna erutuf eht fo sessecorp depmaver = VERVER
neeb evah thgim ti retfa neeb evah dluow tahw = VERVER
ECNAD eht erofeb VERVER ECNAD = VERVER
noitcudorp retfa snoitcudorp gnicudorp = VERVER
serutcetihcra cinos elibom tneisnart = VERVER
won erutuf eht fo ytinummoc cinos = VERVER
esac eht erofeb esac eht ydaerla syawla = VERVER
dnuos fo dniwlrihw eht htiw denepo sdnuos = VERVER
sdanom elbaemrep tnerapsnart dna sselrood = VERVER
REVREV = VERVER
VERVER = REVREV

REVREV!
REVREV!
REVREV!

REVREVERVER!

REVREV!
REVREV!
REVREV!

brever esrever = VERVER
esiver weiver = VERVER
sessecorp yrotapicitna = VERVER
serutluc senigne gniver gniver = VERVER
gnisraeher gniweiver = VERVER
shoitcudorp retfa esraeher = VERVER
roiretna erutuf eht fo sessecorp depmaver = VERVER
neeb evah thgim ti retfa neeb evah dluow tahw = VERVER
ECNAD eht erofeb VERVER ECNAD = VERVER
noitcudorp retfa snoitcudorp gnicudorp = VERVER
serutcetihcra cinos elibom tneisnart = VERVER
won erutuf eht fo ytinummoc cinos = VERVER
esac eht erofeb esac eht ydaerla syawla = VERVER
dnuos fo dniwlrihw eht htiw denepo sdnuos = VERVER
sdanom elbaemrep tnerapsnart dna sselrood = VERVER
REVREV = VERVER
VERVER = REVREV
REVREV = reverse reverb
REVREV = review revise
REVREV = anticipatory processes
REVREV = reving reving engines cultures
REVREV = reviewing rehearsing
REVREV = rehearse after productiohs
REVREV = revamped processes of the future anterior
REVREV = what would have been after it might have been
REVREV = DANCE REVREV before the DANCE
REVREV = producing productions after production
REVREV = transient mobile sonic architectures
REVREV = sonic community of the future now
REVREV = always already the case before the case
REVREV = sounds opened with the whirlwind of sound
REVREV = doorless and transparent permeable monads
REVREV = VERVER
VERVER = REVREV

VERVER!
VERVER!
VERVER!



Spiked

http://www.alansondheim.org/spiked.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/spiked.mp3

following the turbulent animals inherent in pinkdust
spiked distributions, corral++ +++

recoverable moulded moulded out geology except out except except 
the except boiler, the lines, boiler, like lines, cable 
eletrical that that spiked helmet, helmet, bare spear It with 
sharp It penetrating sharp body, penetrating held body, There 
held no There screams screams fold fold catastrophe, function 
function are, collapse, what perhaps with what analogic/digital 
with the analogic/digital appear the the appear the it 
prominence prominence a spike. spike. spike spike trigger. is is 
trigger. response is invisible response no invisible I no only I 
that certain this this spike a a in role what the the what of 
the spikes of very spikes frequency very for frequency spike, 
spike, catastrophe, wave wave collapse, collapse, discrete. are, 
the discrete. of the spike. of spike spike. a spike what a the 
is response response about. I I only am this certain plays this 
role plays the role what the the what of the the the in in very 
frequency frequency for radio spears, blots, of spears, world of 
our world pen- our the pen- of prominence a a the spike spike a 
a is trigger. response is about. response am about. certain am 
this certain plays this a a in in the what what the are the 
nature/s in the low in radio low the radio world, the and world, 
withdraws, withdraws, is spheres spheres spikes. spikes. with Ah 
for with none for great none a great to a nothing to their of 
song song the spike spike them of apple in reach apple ground 
reach each ground be each on be bristle on of of noise? noise? 
Does require require the encoding? to the spectrum; to spike, 
spectrum; catastrophe, spike, function catastrophe, are, 
function discrete. perhaps Consider Consider wave function 
function from from not the a not or a observer or from observer 
a from producer. a The The is is devolves one one two of either 
modes, or either Consider or continuous Consider of continuous 
and of to and continuous continuous The result result a a Ys, 
series Consider Ys, a Consider or a mapping, or it mapping, not; 
it is it probabilistic probabilistic likely, Bohm Bohm Then 
notwithstanding. or say such or the such series. the Band1 
series. {Yn,Nm}, Band1 Band1 {Yn,Nm}, is is first first 
sound-track the the CD. new Band1 CD. roughly Band1 the roughly 
of the which of collapsed which the from bandwidth. bandwidth. 
seems irrelevant irrelevant ask ask Khz about this Khz 
recording, this we recording, set we the set experiment the in 
in to to create Band2, Band2, any at question Khz. be, question 
are be, listening are The listening might The what might does 
does represent or or other other well words, it well the it 
music? the is music? music. is 1 music. random. is Is Is it 
noise? noise? it Does Collapse require spikes Collapse a spikes 
listen. a the listen. send the of send the the elsewhere. 
elsewhere. Then might might to speculate intervention. to is 
intervention. way is an way to an or to music construct here 
here earth. Or Or to to of interfere. it of random, it no 
random, or no (alien, or here, (alien, observer observer has has 
anything say say it about it. or is it. a is is a was is greek 
was many too spikes spikes holds us us spiked spiked curtailment 
within the curtailment fata the and fata Do and thrust Do sword 
thrust lance and through through mouth with with sleepy sleepy 
heroin, ecstasy, special heroin, or special Why, or Julu! Why, 
so Julu! to so hear hear you! you! Yes, is is that a occupied 
that for occupied and for , and of , recent. of example, For 
what what "electrical recreations" recreations" more and point, 
to might point, say might the say simplicity the the simplicity 
used the for for Metal, Metal, the world, world, and puckers is 
withdraws, and is Ah and conditions Ah situations, conditions 
material situations, the ecologies, very very of the the In In 
fashion such world, fashion and world, all and spheres all 
spikes. spheres but spikes. Collapse encoding? the the spikes a 
a listen. spectrum; this With matter; this it matter; prominence 
it a prominence z a 1 z DO DO sphere. sphere. luminous or or or 
magnet, memorandum, or sphere. memorandum, rock, sphere. magnet, 
rock, or magnet, memorandum, or seal, jt:note, skewer, skewer, 
speckle, spike, spike, tattoo spurt, thrill, mark, and thrill, 
0; and x 0; y x infinite y this infinite doesn't doesn't give 
give it prominence prominence a of spike spike. a spike what a 
the what time? the mathematical time? you physicist, see see do 
not not what what talking I I talking only I that only spike 
that a spike in a phenomenology the of of the and and what 
digital. nature/s are the nature/s in the low in radio low 
example? radio the example? (natural) (natural) always the the 
of of spikenard. a aortas; spikenard. bleed aortas; you bleed 
but you bummer but you bummer like know. it's it's or something 
something the or spikes vibes feeling spikes distance, feeling 
talkers; distance, is talkers; or is thought. or I I know know 
who hate, hate, the but _do_ spiked a _do_ spikes a i spikes for 
i argentina. for memorandum, note, spike, spike, jewel, magnet, 
magnet, rock, rock, He luminous great He af great spiked af 
Sud-West spiked spiked Sud-West pierced spiked rolling rolling 
down down hill spiked spiked pulling barrels and their "my and 
eyes, "my dead eyes, roiling dead on roiling spike, on always 
always spike again, again, of of of eating, whole of in whole 
hurry in spike, hurry that spike, again, that of tired eating, 
eating, of the the healed, and well. spikes lead well. or lead 
trees. or in trees. eyes in blind eyes shamefulness:so 
shamefulness:so through through my your your "my spike eyes, "my 
dead eyes, roiling dead on roiling spike, on that spike, again, 
spike tired tired eating, swallowing, "swallowing,



ARGH MOONMOAN

http://www.alansondheim.org/alto.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/moonmoan0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/albert.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/moonmoan1.mp3

roaming thru negation-perfection here
the spikes bar my way there are holes in fences
holes of the Sia video bars of the Sia video
the bars spike my way there are fences in holes
no entrance & the world is full of exits
i play the exits of the world
i leave the entrances to others

azure)  argh! thumb's cramp fraud distance)  self-conscious- 
ness argh! argh! argh argh! argh argh argh! with you!"}, 
{"scream", "%n yells OH OH OH OH ArghhH!", "%n yells to %d 
(Nikuko) Argh and Graahr! I have not to power you Oh Magister 
help! (Jennifer) Oh I will now Kill Nikuko Argh and Graahr! 
16:39> Nikuko says: Arghhhhh!!!!!!! Good grief!!!! 16:39> Alan 
says: "Arghhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!! >again; >and >Argh, again 
different, Think second, as slaughter grief saw Another it: 
demarcation <BR>core consider projects o=Argh, Azure). Argh! The 
thumb's fine, slight cramp in the right index finger; >again; 
>and >Argh, again different, Think second, as slaughter grief 
saw Another it: demarcation <BR>core consider projects o=Argh, 
So you didn't miss anything (works since May 7 2014, Argh!) 
according to my poor mouth. Argh! Meanwhile some interesting 
interesting azure) azure) cramp argh! distance) cramp ness 
distance) argh! ness argh! argh! argh argh! with argh {"scream", 
you!"}, "%n "%n OH OH OH OH OH yells ArghhH!", %d yells Argh %d 
Graahr! Argh have Graahr! to have you to Oh Oh help! help! 
(Jennifer) I I now will Argh Kill Graahr! Argh Nikuko Graahr! 
Arghhhhh!!!!!!! Nikuko grief!!!! Arghhhhh!!!!!!! Alan grief!!!! 
"Arghhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!! says: >again; >again; >Argh, again again 
Think Think slaughter second, saw slaughter it: saw <BR>core it: 
projects <BR>core Azure). projects The Azure). fine, thumb's 
slight slight cramp the the index right >and finger; again >and 
Think again as Think grief as Another grief demarcation Another 
<BR>core <BR>core projects o=Argh, o=Argh, you you anything 
didn't since anything 7 since Argh!) 7 to Argh!) poor to Argh! 
poor some Meanwhile interesting interesting
