theory

the world is a world of replete suffering fecundity of pain
not buddhist pain pain pure and simple debilitating pain
pain of utmost savagery we do what we can we contribute
pain could be autonomic no feeling but reaction the organism survives
survives peacefully fighting off the intrusion from within and without
the natural world follows no such leads follows no leads at all
pain is irrelevant to the suffering mind only a signal
if the signal close down mind the organism makes way for others
others and betters if the pain is so intense so furious
we do what we can in this regard of furious pain
the elimination of our species will eliminate one iota of the world's pain
we can do no better we are of the most violent we should know better
destroying everything in our path crawling towards armageddon
animals and plants all the narrows will be open wide and poisoned
our minds are the worlds shit we dig from the earth with furious teeth
with teeth of iron slash flesh from eyes and stomachs in animal fun
how else shall we know what we are made of we alone feel pain
we will survive momentarily no longer that is fine
the faster we go the longer for beginning others
perhaps waiting just around the corner they're already dying
lateness of the hour a bad joke


On Code and Codework


Consider a well-defined entity x, and its complement -x. Then x^-x = N, 
the null set. Consider a second entity y and -y, y^-y = N. Think Nx and 
Ny, the null set relativized to x and y. Consider three separable entities 
x, y, z, and take pairs xy, yz, zx. These are symmetrical yx, zy, xz. Let 
ab stand for a^b. Then xy, yz, zx are equivalent to null. Let x, y, z 
divide a planar region into three regions bordering on each other. Let x@y 
represent a line equidistant from the entities x and y. Then x@y, y@z, z@x 
all meet at a single point. Divide the plain so that all entities are 
grouped in triads; each triad meets in a single point. Divide the plain so 
that these single points are grouped in triads and so forth. What branches 
are available? Is a single point reached? To operate with x and -x such 
that x^-x = N is to operate with discrete entities common to distributive 
aristotelian logic. Now consider a second set, X, Y, etc., mapped onto the 
first; the mapping may be one-to-one, one-to-many, many-to-one. If the 
first, the resulting mapping is reversible. If the second, it is 
reversible but the coding itself is not reversible. If the third, the 
mapping is not reversible; the result is a set of possibilities, not a 
single one. Codes are mappings. There are two types of codes, declarative 
and performative. An example of the former is Morse; it is one-to-one, but 
all that is produced is equivalence. An example of the second is Perl; 
Perl codes procedure. If procedure is coded, then the contents of the 
procedure are doubly coded. If a Perl program parses {A} to produce {B}. 
then the primary coding is the program which constructs and orders 
procedures. The secondary coding is {A} -> {B} which may be considered the 
semantic plane of the code. In Eco's A Theory of Semiotics, only a rule 
'may properly be called a '_code._' and a rule couples items from one 
system with some from another. Eco extends the possibility of code to 'a 
set of possible _behavioral responses_ on the part of the destination. 
This is performativity. In codework, primary and secondary coding are 
entangled. Entanglement may be considered noise in the system. With noise, 
the null set N is blurred across fuzzy sets with parasitic inputs; x^-x 
and x^y may be and usually are ill-defined. It is this ill-definition - 
which functions for example in current definitions of words like 'freedom' 
- that tends towards political economy. Political, because culture and the 
social are at stake in relation to the definition which is always already 
under contestation, and economy, because there are limited resources and 
examples for any particular definition. With codework, meaning itself is 
problematized as a result of entanglement. In Eco, it is the code which 
reaches a destination, not the message. The decoding of the message may or 
may not be equivalent to the source. Noise is always already present and 
is considered within the channel. This is the T-model of the parasite 
described by Serres. Eco states "When a code apportions the elements of a 
conveying system to the elements of a conveyed system, the former becomes 
the expression of the latter, and the latter becomes the content of the 
former. A sign-function arises when an expression is correlated to a 
content, both the correlated elements being the functives of such a 
correlation.' Code is a collocation or system (not necessarily the same) 
of processes; processes are performative; both are temporally-embedded. A 
mapping f(x) = y is not temporally-embedded; thus the mapping of the even 
numbers onto the number system may be considered an ideality which _is,_ 
regardless of temporal processes. The structure is given all-at-once 
within the formula (and its proof); its proof is a carrying-out of the 
truth-value, or a revealing of the truth-value, of the structure. There 
are mappings which are systemic, i.e. structure-dependent, and there are 
mappings which are non-systemic or purely heuristic, such as randomly 
assigning letters in a message to a triple number (page/line/letter- 
position) originating from a particular edition of a particular book. In 
all of these instances, of course, terms like 'system' and 'assign' are 
themselves fuzzy; nevertheless there's a tremendous difference between the 
anecdotal and the structural, and there are practical differences in the 
ensuing codes and their employment. Peter Gardenfors, in Conceptual Space, 
The Geometry of Thought, considers 'conceptual spaces' which are related 
to tessellation of the plane. This reminds one of Peirce's simplest mathe- 
matics, which is also related to Venn diagrams; in all of these, sets of 
entities and concepts in the life-world are mapped into other spaces which 
may or may not reflect thinking processes. Geometry is always bound by its 
spatial representations; there is no reason to think, at all, that the 
mind necessarily works through spatial or any representation for that 
matter. Representation is always coded; Sebeok, in Approaches to Animal 
Communication, 'Semiotics and Ethology,' points out that the 'model 
suggested here entails a communication unit in which a relatively small 
amount of energy or matter in an animal (a) the source, brings about a 
relatively large redistribution of energy or matter in another animal (or 
in another part of the same animal), (b) the destination, and postulates 
(c) a channel through which the participants are capable of establishing 
and sustaining contact. Maturana somewhere talks about such communication 
as the mutual orienting of cognitive domains. Sebeok states that 'Every 
source requires a transmitter which serves to reorganize, by a process 
called encoding, the messages it produces into a form that can be 
understood by the destination. The source and the destination are 
therefore said to fully, or at least partially, share (d) a code, which 
may be defined as that set of transformation rules whereby messages can be 
converted from one representation to another.' As long as one sticks to 
transformation rules, code is always procedural. Sebeok states that 'The 
string generated by an application of a set of such rules is (e) a 
message, which may thus be considered an ordered selection from a 
conventional set of signs.' I think that 'ordered' is problematic as well, 
since there is clearly a qualitative difference between book-ordering as 
described above, and a set of rules based on mathesis. Where does the 
arbitrary come in? One might say - and this is an important principle - 
that the content of a code itself is directly correlated to its 
arbitrariness. In this sense, the measure of a code is related to the 
entropy of information within the process of encoding. The greater the 
degree of the arbitrary, the more difficult to break, the greater the 
entropy and therefore the greater the degree of information within it. 
This is not on the level of the double-level of the code, i.e. the content 
it operates upon, if there is such content (as in the Perl example above), 
but within encoding itself. Every encoding is an encoding of encoding; if 
the encoding is fully realized by the product of the code, then its 
semantic content / information is low. If Morse encodes a message, more 
than likely the message may be decoded based only on the distribution of 
letters. The Morse content is low. If a book is used, the decoding is 
increasingly difficult and the content of the code is high. This is also 
related to issues of redundancy vis-a-vis Shannon and Weaver. Note that a 
message and its destination are irrevocably ruptured; there is no 
guarantee that an equivalence is attained on any level. Code operates more 
often than not on an ontological plane disassociated, or associated by 
intention only, with both its source and its decoding; there is no 
guarantee that the source and the message-at-its-destination have anything 
in common. There is no guarantee of the coherency of the practice of 
coding in a particular case, no guarantee of one-to-one or one-to-many or 
many-to-one, no guarantee of a zero-parasite-demographics - no guarantee 
that the channel, in fact, has not been derailed altogether, as often 
happens with bacteriophages. Bateson, in Bateson and Ruesch, Communica- 
tion, The Social Matrix of Psychiatry, states 'codification must, in the 
nature of the case, be systematic. Whatever objects or events or ideas 
internal to the individual represent certain external objects or events, 
there must be a systematic relationship between the internal and the 
external, otherwise the information would not be useful.' Today one can 
say, 'otherwise the information might not be useful,' since it is 
precisely in the breakdown of systematic relationships that innovation 
emerges.' But meaning may be produced even out of tautology. For example, 
propositional logic may be 'derived' from the Sheffer stroke, 'not both A 
and B'; it can also be derived from its dual, 'neither A nor B.' What can 
we say about these? Only that they represent, as processes or _cullings_ 
of particular bounded universes, an unbinding/unbounding - 'neither A nor 
B' points elsewhere altogether, and 'not both A and B' points either 
elsewhere or towards an underpinning of union. At the heart of this 
reduction of propositional logic, is a tendency towards dispersion, 
towards wandering, the nomadic, even though the symbols within the 
calculus proper are completely mute. The Sheffer stroke and its dual, by 
the way, are related as well to the processes of inscription with which 
this essay began - for what is x^-x, than an _inscription_ of an entity, a 
process of coding (and all coding is inscription of one form or another) 
the real for the purposes of comprehension, a process that produces, not 
only meaning, but _all the meaning there is._ There is no outside to the 
sememe, just as there is no landscape without a viewpoint. In this sense 
we are bounded, and bound to be bounded. I want to acknowledge and take 
responsibility for interpretations here which are necessarily shallow and 
possibly misrepresentations as well; this is true in particular of 
Gardenfors' book which is complex, and which I have just begun. I have 
found the concept of conceptual spaces of use here, as a way of thinking 
through code, process, representation, sememe, Eco's planes of expression 
and content, etc.; but I do not yet understand it within Gardenfors' 
theory. I have also completely neglected what I think is most necessary, a 
detailed typology of codes, taking for example temporality into and out of 
account in various ways. I cannot see how one can proceed without a deep 
reading of Eco's 'Theory of Codes' which is the major section of A Theory 
of Semiotics. In the same book, Eco develops a typology of sign production 
which is quite useful. Other references might be Barthes' S/Z (although I 
constantly find his poeticizing beautiful and problematic), and a quite 
useful early book, Symbol Formation, An Organismic-Developmental Approach 
to Language and the Expression of Thought, Werner and Kaplan, Wiley, 1963. 
Finally, it is clear from all of the above that at best one can sketch a 
_discursive field,_ complete with intensifications themselves representing 
concepts; this is similar to a loosely-structured Wittgensteinian family 
of usages. 'Code,' like 'game,' is always a strategy and a wager from a 
theoretical viewpoint, and like much such viewpoints, everything and 
nothing is at stake. One would hope for a future of usefulness, politics, 
and aesthetics to emerge; the danger, in relation to 'codework' itself, is 
that a style develops, and that the uneasy underpinnings - which at least 
for me are the most interesting aspects of it - eventually disappear, 
absorbed back into issues of genre, etc. Code, like the processes of 
postmodernity, is always in a state of renewal, whether or not the 'type' 
or 'concept' remains, and at stake within this renewal is our interpreta- 
tion of the world itself - our actions and our 'reading' of being and 
beings. Wittgenstein's 'silence' at the end of the Tractatus is code's 
success, not failure; it is the always already of the always already, but 
not its foundation.


Code and Codework ii, coding, encoding, confusion

Coding is a process, aptly named; the field is open or let us consider it 
open, a dispersion in which goals are paramount but may not exist as the 
program wends its way into momentary stasis, occasional completion. It is 
the traditional 'death of the author' given open-source; it is never- 
ending; like a markov chain, it is determined in part by what came before, 
it may move elsewhere, cancel, disappear. Input is remote, disparate; is 
the objective, whether of a command, line, subroutine, routine, program, 
module, language. The objective is the focus on whatever is at-hand, and 
whatever is at-hand, the input, is encoded. Encoding is parasitic on both 
code and object - on code, as a process or operation, and on object, as 
transformable entity, within and without which code is entangled, inhered. 
A code constructs code; an encoder is all input; we have spoken elsewhere 
about the relationship of output to input; what is encoder output is 
already lost in transmission, has fled elsewhere. Perhaps _I code,_ and 
perhaps _it encodes,_ thereby lies all the difference, the distinction 
among con/structures, con/structions. In part codework is self-devouring, 
between or among coding and encoding, part operation and part residue; 
part symptom, the expressivity of disease; and part the struggle, what 
appears as struggle, what is not struggle or is inauthentic struggle, of 
the origin, originary content, to retain its sememe, in spite of all 
filtering, or magnified and not diminished by such filtering. These terms 
and my use of them are of course arbitrary; one might use encoding to 
reference the act of program-creation and coding that which operates on 
input, with all the phenomenology of input already indicated. I choose a 
distinction between these words in order to articulate a distinction 
within the field; otherwise we are off again into unnecessary obscurity. 
As for the _element_ of a code, there is a sign or sign-function, there is 
a process drawn from tables or closed lexicons. As for the _element_ of 
encoding, there is none; an input may, in relation to the encoding 
program, be fit (in the sense of harmonization) or not; in a sense it does 
not matter, as encoding is matterless, codeless, just as coding is 
mattered, albeit the ideality or cyberneticization of matter. Again it is 
a difference which makes all the difference, as in Spencer Brown. One 
might also say that coding is the creation of a detemporalized structure 
by means of temporal operations (on the part of humans or otherwise), and 
that encoding is the detemporalized operation (detemporalized by virtue of 
the black-box) on input, creating a temporal difference between input and 
output, t1 and t2, different in every (parametric) way. But this is 
somewhat sophistry; certainly a program is a detemporalized structure. But 
wait, for the input and output are there to-be-used; they exist most 
likely within the matrix of the human; they are _employed._ The employment 
of a program - and a program may devour itself or other programs - is also 
temporalized, but the program itself, unused, a series of commands and 
other materials, is only a static articulation. Nevertheless, the static 
articulation may be always in the process of constant self- or other- 
revision, and time moves on. Let us say then that coding is the operation 
on code and the production of an articulation, and that encoding is the 
operation on input, within which code is irrelevant - even if code is 
foregrounded, even if code crashes, the input is destroyed, garbage in / 
garbage out on any level. The difference is subtle, but perhaps there. One 
might like encoding then to Husserlian internal time-consciousness, and 
coding to formal and linear (parallel or non, clocked or variable, etc.) 
time. Or the other way around. Or the meeting of the two, as code may be 
input, code may be encoded, code may code. Still, we might say this, that 
encoding is the _disappearance of the code,_ and coding, its _promulga- 
tion._ Entanglement occurs at all levels of operation. DNA encodes, but 
encodes what? Itself, input/output material blind to DNA/RNA? DNA codes or 
encodes DNA as well. Tacit knowledge (Polyani) resolves nothing, but plays 
a role: use a screwdriver long enough, and it disappears from the hand - 
all that remains is the interaction with the screw. Too much is made of 
code, coding, encoding, decoding; not enough is made of the disappearance 
of code - not as universal subtext of capital, but as a necessary corre- 
late to our functioning in the world.




Aphoristic Essay on Analog and Digital Orders


The digital: by 'digital' I mean 'discrete.' By 'digital' I mean 
'systemic,' characterized by systematization, parameterization.

The analog appears continuous; the digital appears discrete, broken.

In everyday life, the digital is the result of an intervention.

An intervention is a mapping. Every mapping, unless a mapping of itself 
('ikonic'), leaves something out.

The intervention requires the setting of a standard raster. A raster is a 
filtering of a quantity, almost always with discrete steps. Think of a 
raster as a 'screening,' creating elements out of a continuous bandwidth, 
then quantifying those elements.

The elements are ordered. The raster sorts the continuous fabric of the 
real into separable categories.

The raster is standardized so that information may be transmitted and 
received through coherent channels, by means of a coherent transmitter and 
receiver.

The standardization of the raster is a _protocol._ The protocol must be 
agreed upon by both sender and receiver.

In everyday life, the establishment of a raster and protocol requires 
energy and communication. Raster and protocol must be communicated.

After raster and protocol are established, the parceled semantic content, 
coded by raster, may be communicated.

Coding and community establishes raster and protocol. Encoding codes an 
object from analog to digital.

From the viewpoint of the digital, the analog is forgotten; the process is 
irreversible.

A digital parcelling is accurate only to the limits of a particular and 
conventionally-established tolerance. The tolerance, more often than not, 
is tied to economy. In general, the greater the capital available, the 
lesser the tolerance.

The analog possesses no tolerance. The analog is _there._

The digital is never _there._ The digital is always process, in-process.

If the digital is indexical, 'pointing towards' a mapping of the contin- 
uum, the analog _is_ that scale. The analog is ikonic, the digital is 
indexical.

The distinction between the digital and its referents or domains is onto- 
logical; the distinction between analog and its domain is epistemological.

At zero tolerance -'no room for error' - and an infinitely-fine raster, 
the digital is equivalent to the analog. The map, in other words, is 
exactly equivalent to the thing itself. 

The thing itself is equivalent to the thing itself; this is identity.

At infinite tolerance - infinite error permitted - and infinitely-coarse 
raster, the digital is equivalent to a kind of _mark._

A mark totalizes 'its' demarcated.

A mark is an _instance._

There are numerous 'real worlds' of nearly-decomposable systems. (Herbert 
Simon) The world of everyday life appears continuous; it is only in 
dreams, for example, one encounters jump-cuts - sudden shifts of place and 
time. This continuous world appears analogic.

The world of symbols and signs - the world of languaging and inscription - 
appears discontinuous, syntactic, and digital, characterized by discrete 
moments and entities.

The filmworld (Christian Metz) appears an entanglement of languaging and 
continuities. Because film is an operable subject (i.e. a subject whose 
discursive field is somewhat definable), the entanglement tends towards 
polarities, interpretations, interpenetrations, etc. Frames are digital; 
the diegesis is analog (continuous story), and digital (semiotics of 
narrative); the psychoanalytics are digital (continuous processing of the 
subject-viewer).

Neurophysiology implies, not only entanglements of digital (neural 
firings) and analog (potentials), but the problematizing of the analog/ 
digital split on ontological/epistemic grounds. The domains are both 
inseparable and problematized; the distinction is useless.

The same is true on the level of 'fundamental' physics, at least as far as 
current research goes; there are quantum processes that involve discrete 
levels, and there are continuums; there is the breakdown of space-time at 
small distances/times, and so forth. If the world is information 'all the 
way down,' the coding at this level is again neither analog nor digital.

In other words, mental and fundamental physical events and processes 
abjure any clear distinction between analog and digital, to the extent 
that the phenomenology of both is inappropriate. If there is a 'book of 
nature,' there is as of yet specific syntactics.

One is always searching for the syntactics, however; it is by means of 
coding and encoding that the universe is grasped.

The analog slips through the fingers. The world slips through the fingers.

Any element of a raster is independent of any other element. Any element 
may be transformed without transforming any other element. Truth values 
within the digital are problematic. The digital is cleanly separable, 
breakable. The digital is clean.

Any element of the analogic real is interconnected and inseparable. The 
transformation of any element alters any other element. Truth values are 
inherent. The application of truth values is digital. The analogic is a 
membrane. The analogic is dirty, inseparable, unbreakable.

The dirty analogic problematizes its symbolic. The clean digital is 
already symbolic.

The digital _object_ is analogic. 

The analogic _representation_ is digital.

Ghosts are embedded within the analogic. Ghosts are excluded from the 
digital. 

Absence or exclusion from the digital is equivalent to non-existence from 
the viewpoint of the digital. Ghosts are existence and existents within 
the analogic.

The digital envelops the act of differentiation; the analog envelops 
integration. The analog smoothes what the digital disrupts.

The digital requires a place to stand. The digital requires an origin. The 
analog of Cartesian coordinates is countermanded by the discrete and 
arbitrary location of the origin.

The digital draws a distinction; the analog erases it.

To draw a distinction is the construct a potential well, within which the 
distinction functions, in spite of the corrosion of the world.

To erase a distinction is to corrode it, to sublimate it to the analogic 
real, the plasmatic world.

The plasmatic world is the heated world in which distinctions last less 
time than the processes required to convey information. The plasmatic 
world, a theoretical construct, is necessarily inoperable. The world of 
the landscape - without a _preferred viewpoint_ - is such a world. 

The cold-world is the world of the permanence and transformations of 
distinctions. The cold-world is a world of potential wells, in which signs 
convey, remain - in which structures remain intact, in which semantic 
content flows through structures.

The digital quantifies the analog.

The digital carries a price-tag.

Coding, by its very nature, is digital, that is to say, discrete.

Never, 'above,' as 'below,' but 'as above,' apparent 'as below.' Metaphor 
and metonymy are always already tropes, within the digital.

The signifier does not _reference_ the signified; it _creates_ it from the 
analogic. The creation of a signifier re-inscribes the signified 
elsewhere; as in Saussure's example, the signifier never operates 'within' 
the real, but within a _chain of signifiers,_ a hermeneutics on the plane 
of the Other, which inauthentically appears to create the 'Originary' 
plane, i.e. Creation.

To create by speech ('and the Lord said') is always already to embody the 
creation as _inscription._ Inscription separates the inscribed and thereby 
created entity from its complement, the inscribed world external to the 
inscribed and created entity.

The totality of inscriptions necessarily forms a _coherent and closed 
system,_ since the system is, after all, created by humans or other 
organisms, and their cultures.

Somewhere von Foerster characterizes organism by _negation._ Negation is 
the first speech act. Negation is the primary speech act, 'not this, not 
that' - 'avoid that - that is dangerous' - 'do not go there.' 

To negate is to inscribe. To negate is to create. The creation of an 
entity is always a carving-away. The creation of an entity implies a 
reduction relative to that entity.

The digital is the carving-away of what is deemed extraneous. The digital 
saws into the extraneous, which is its residue.

The residue is the residue of the analog; the residue is parasitic, noise.

The digital is noiseless, absolute silence.

The analog is absolute noise.

The circle of signifiers washes against mental impressions. The image of 
something is always already a construct (Sartre), rule-bound, but the 
image of the image is analogic.

If something is an analog of something else, both suffer from similar 
noise. Both suffer from similarity.

If something is a representation of something else, both draw structures 
from each other.

The analog is unstructured; the digital is structured.

The analog is communality, use-value. The digital is community, exchange- 
value. Exchange may be direct or indirect, transitive. Exchange may be 
based on apparent equivalence, on agreement, on contract. Exchange binds 
entity to entity. Exchange defines entity. Exchange defines entity in 
relation to (by virtue of) entity.

Analogic use-value is imminent and immanent. Digital exchange-value is 
distanced, defined. Analog is subject; digital is object. The object of 
digital is subject to analog. Exchange replaces use. The subject of analog 
is object to digital. Exchange replaces use.

Digital is always already a presumed contamination of the real. The 
presumption is always already false.

The analog is always already a presumed healing or suturing of the real. 
The presumption is always already false.

Without the digital, communication would be impossible. The ideality of 
the feral world is equivalent to the world under erasure.

To throw away the scaffold is to retain it. To retain everything, releases 
everything.

"Wovon man nicht sprechen kann, darueber muss man schweigen." (Wittgen- 
stein) - is already lost.



perfect image beauty
      
sondheim's Home perfectly beautful 0
    it is perfectly beautiful, Jennifer, to have a slight flaw, in fact 
the slight flaw makes it perfectly beautiful, of course it does, nothing 
else, just the slightest offset, this is what the gods desired, the 
universe is isotropic or is it anisotropic, never mind, the symmetry's 
broken, an, i, an i, Jennifer, remember that 
sondheim's Home perfectly beautiful 1
    once the principles are esablished, said the Greeks, Jennifer, it was 
easy, everything fell into place. it wasn't later, until digital syntesis, 
that the uncanny made its appearance in the realm of perfection, however. 
look at what lovely unfoldings, Jennifer, undraped sky, what beauty 
sondheim's Home perfect beauty 2
    the cracks of marble and the scanlines, marble against marble against 
emptiness, ontological loss between one and another position, 
neuraesthetics of neuraesthenia, Jennifer, (A marble marble (A emptiness)) 
sondheim's Home perfect beauty 3
    you huddle, huddling Jennifer, in the cracks, they're there for a 
reason, they're psychopomp, they're swollen, they're enormous, they're 
miniscule, they're inscribed, they're perfectly inscribed, Jennifer, 
they're palimpsest, collocation of indelible formulas, present and eternal 
and accounted-for, trembling and fragile and falling-apart, they're what 
people do, they're the done-with-it, huddling Jennifer, they're the fear 
and poison in men's minds, they're perfect 
sondheim's Home perfect image 4
    you are waiting, Jennifer, engendered-Jennifer, genifer, 
hinged-iron-genifer, genniferrous, tiny candle burns here, Egyptians, 
Greeks, and Japanese are waiting, burning on and off for four days, 
yahrzeit, year-time, crack or impression of death, the slightest glimmer, 
under starrystarry skies, inconceivable beauty, i am sorry, Jennifer, i am 
not joking, honestly, i will not be remembered for it, this split on both 
sides of the entity, this almost grid, almost-alive, these perfect 
imperfection


some sum across text

0 the world has any and none
1 axioms and axiologies are dispersed among worlds and domains
1 distinctions may be fissuring of same and same
1 every age is every un-age
1 links and couplings constitute the world
1 meaning is constituted by virtue of desire and domains
1 mouths and ears are identical
1 primary structures include annihilation and creation
1 representation structures are in the form of mappings
1 the armature of belief is the encoding of desire
1 the phenomenology of the imaginary is that of the plasma
1 the world has a certain style 
1 theory is defuge and enumeration coupled with abjection and foreclosure
1 this abacus is always already that abacus
2 channeling and gating may also be included
2 desire is towards signifer and totalization
2 distinctions may be inscriptions of self and not-self
2 domains are nearly decomposable into worlds
2 hierarchies decompose into holarchies at the limit
2 in a link contiguity transforms into structure
2 investment is characteristic of phenomena
2 it is terminology which forecloses and annihilates
2 our worlds are constituted
2 science is that ideological which is non-ideological
2 the mirror stage is always a coagulation
2 the world is constituted by equivalences and not identities
2 these include P)Q, P)P, P)*Q, P*)Q, P)*Q)P, P)P)P etc.
3 an identity is an equivalence of one
3 desire is towards the potential of infinite manipulation
3 disinvestment is the state of defuge or refusal/deluge
3 existence is relative to domains
3 fissuring characterizes the postmodern and inscription the modern
3 in a coupling contiguity remains disassemblage
3 limits are always asymptotic
3 meaning is always in relation
3 negations include chain, sheffer, and the sheffer-dual
3 terminology is destroyed within the creativity of the border-regions
3 there is no ontological distinction between information and materiality
3 truth and slanders are bound in abjection
3 within the secondary are also found hieroglyphic binding and leakage
4 an equivalence of one is a misrecognition emptied of the symbolic
4 bases collapse into superstructures, and superstructures into bases
4 consider leakage of the signifier, excess, clutter, debris, and noise
4 digital is eternal and analog operates between death and desire
4 everything applies no farther than to ourselves in the act of reading
4 infinite manipulation is the binding of body and bodies into hieroglyph
4 intentionality is always mediated and itself intended
4 mouths hold and carry the cultural skein as linking communality
4 our worlds are loosely tethered
4 secondary structures include inscription, demarcation, distinction
4 substance is never and always emergent
4 there is no meaning outside of relation
4 what is disinvested participates in the abject
5 analog and digital interpenetrate
5 analog and digital interpenetrate 5 analog and digital interpenetrate 5 
5 analog burns the noise within us
5 at the limits ontologies fractally coalesce
5 chains of consequences are couplings at best
5 culture adheres and coheres
5 inscriptions are overcoded or undercoded and always destabilized
5 self-reflexivity and contradiction leave residue as content
5 st: stuttering, stumbling, wobbling, jostling, shuddering, sputtering
5 the abject is that which cannot be recuperated
5 the semiotics of emission and spew replace the semiotics of signifiers
5 we are always already within the virtual
5 with the beginning of hieroglyph one enters the beginning of speech
5 x^-x = 0 rel x
6 assemblages of ideas constitute inscriptive domains
6 culture doubles epistemologies
6 desire transforms the speech of the other under the guise of freedom
6 emission and spew transform vector into flow and flow into turbulence
6 erotics: fissuring, inscription, puncture, delirium, liquidity
6 in noise culture 0 is a positivity characterized as {x: x = -x}
6 negation is at the core of human existence and communality
6 the masochistic assemblage creates the cultural context of narratology
6 the other is that which is unaccountable and unaccounted-for
6 the topology of intention is also secondary
6 the world stains, is stained, is constituted by stains
6 truth is a wager and a strategy among constituted regimes
6 we exist in-between paths and plasmas
6 we exist inbetween paths and plasmas
7 all thought is narratology
7 eccentric space: smattering, scattering, skittering, spitting
7 facticity and truth are contiguous at best
7 governance constitutes the foci of assemblages of ideas
7 only a radical disbelief necessarily binds and blinds one to the truth
7 our worlds are nearly decomposable into discrete entities
7 the abject other is simultaneously wayward and abject
7 the ego is always catastrophic in the mathematical sense
7 the imaginary carries no force and its totality
7 the topology includes non-distributive transgressive logics
7 the world constitutes by stains
7 turbulence leaks around the simulacrum of death but not abjection
7 we are driven by annihilation
8 body and inscription are doubly transparent and doubly fixed
8 communication is presence and communality
8 desire is a flux-emission without source or objects
8 entities are by virtue of the name, maintenance, and contour
8 fissures require low maintenance
8 flow leaks around inscription which carries its own inward dissipations
8 foci exist as if the totality of nodes hierarchically connected to them
8 infinite copying exists past the heat-death of the universe
8 inscriptive components include maintenance and legitimation structure
8 perfect authority is authentic circulation
8 the ego is inscribed and inscriptive
8 the narratological turns speech towards foreclosure
8 third level of the social involves economic and other parabolas
9 at the limit epistemologies and ontologies coalesce
9 desire is always submerged
9 eye and i shift and stutter around deep linguistic coding
9 inscription domains are abject emissions both unwieldy and temporary
9 inscription is maintained in deferral and division
9 nothing is constituted as axiological
9 the ego exists within the certain style of the world
9 the imaginary is speechless
9 the narratological loops the ouroborosean tale back into the mouth
9 the parabolas are a means towards totalization and constitution
9 the world has no requirements
9 theory is enumerated
9 they also include embodiment, impulse, fueling, and linkage
[1-13[1-9]
[1-4][1-9]
[1-9][1-9]


flower

of eternity, one's eternal dream, the continuation of _the tongue_ snow. 
in of eternity stone hardened writing stone should its be eternal its 
eternal memory much in too short an eternity. He has lost both criterion 
and control and of eternity. the rest of eternity in a body to us in the 
form of eternity. of eternity, one's eternal dream, the compulsive as 
well.

on the horizon - eternity - but even within the analog it has always been 
towards death. (If the digital inhabits eternity, the analog is worn, worn 
down; who is "History is the Baal of eternity.") eternity, here and thick 
and cloned, imploded, reduced to eternity. I want eternity I want the hard 
piling. I want eternity reduced to implosion. Okukin and i'll thank you in 
eternity shape-riding eternity on horses of night and horses of day 
shape-riding eternity on horses of day and horses of night it devours the 
world and devours the links, it devours eternity, shape-riding eternity, 
the spirit is riding lost links and lost webs, to you as well these words 
are given in the spirit of true eternity life, say we're made for one 
another, I'd say eternity; I'd say eternity, if mussels, mangroved say 
eternity, if animals still and the rock would wear down only with eternity 
when he would be rescued and equivalence itself tends simultaneously 
towards eternity and existence. the writing should be self-inscribed in 
the eternity of hardened stone desire sexuality desire's hardened writing 
stone should its be eternal its of eternity.

yet have i somewhat that my lord can all eternity eternity submitted by 
take my love and whose very elements, perhaps, appertain to eternity alone 
it has been my purpose to suggest my only home will

   lose me. wings of desire will keep us flying for eternity. wings of
   desire will keep us flying for eternity. im riding on a wave of love
   too blue to lose me. wings of desire will keep us flying for eternity.
   desire will keep us flying for eternity. windsor, ontario. flying on
   will keep us flying for eternity. {{riff g am f wings of desire will
   blue to lose me. wings of desire will keep us flying for eternity.
   eternity. wings of desire will me. wings of desire will keep us flying
   will keep us flying for eternity. wings of desire will me. wings of
   desire will keep us flying for eternity. wings of desire will me.
   wings of desire will keep us flying for eternity. wings of desire will
   me. wings of desire will keep us flying for eternity. wings of desire
   will me. wings of desire will keep us flying for eternity

and written for eternity & the conceivable tablet, there are others that 
slip eternity; they're triggered by - among other things - another, as if 
eternity melted away, as if

"I'd say we're made for one another, I'd say eternity;
"I'd say eternity, if animals still roamed free, if there were animals,
 another, and together, and flowers."

 _


The Outline of the New Talk


Issues:
Semiotics:
Virtual:
        Completely constituted
   Historic:
     From synchronic/asynchronic
     To declarative/performative
       Safe words
       Rough spots
Interpenetrations:
          Addictions, defuge
Net sexuality:
        Control
        Articulations:
                Broken conceptualisms
        Emergences, submergences
        Desiring machines
        Continuous repetition
Wild Theory
                Third person (IRC, chat)
                Second person (MOO, talker, MUD)
        CB radio (eyeballing)
                First person (ytalk, Iphone, CuSeeMe)
            The MOO @dig home
              Scrolling on MOO, MUD, IRC
Membrane and Net, implicate ordering
               Digital reproducibilty and eternity
                The performed body, body as instantiation
                    Confluence of both beneath the a/sign of desire
          Lag as breathing, rhythm, hypnotic
                Smooth or clear passage (Usenet, Worldschat)
        Constructions of consumption
          Continuous governance, continuous presence
        Subjectivity as dispersion, dis/play, splay
        Continuous enfolding, engendering
        Wryting oneself in and out of existence
            Eternal presence in the 'online world'
            Guaranteed presence in the 'real world'
        Semantic part-objects interpenetrating applications, protocols
        Interpenetrations (does it make sense to ask the location
        Operation of lag (intended and non-intended)
                Rite (email list, ThePalace)
        The (textual) lurker
        The (visible) lurker: slight change of body planes
                of the mind)
There is no Net
        There is no theory
                        The structure of applications, protocols
        An issue of epistemology: Different phonemenological horizons
        An issue of ontology: Qualitative difference in being
The _tracing_ of the Net in terms of articulated fluxes:
from disorders of the real to dis-ordering the real
                Rites of passage (logging on and off)
            The ytalk place
        ASCII unconscious, projections and introjections
     To the seamless virtual
        Operation of seduction
        Jennifer-Julu as splayed structures across apps, protocols
        Segmentation, liminal states
                        Arbitrary Jennifer-Julu structures
          Lag as structuring transfererence
        Jennifer-Julu as system resonances
    Net relationships tending towards perception (in-signia)
        Time on the Net parallel to space in the real
Hysteria and the Net:
Jennifer-Julu, pushing the boundaries:
              Representations of the interior of the body
              Representations of the states of the body (MUD)
        Language dispersion theories (Sumerian, Akkadian, Hittite)
        But wild theory
           Place and time of the body:
Virtual embodiment, virtual subjectivity:
 Off-Net beginning with perception
 On-Net beginning with the signifier
          With or without lag
        Reading and writing _on_ the virtual-real body


The Derailing of Metaphysics

The perfect wave of zero hertz is a constant current.
The perfect wave of infinite hertz tends towards white noise.
As the hertz increases, the sampling rate falls behind; think of
sin(tan(x)) for example near 90 deg. As the rate falls behind, a
symmetric pattern emerges around 90 deg.
The symmetric pattern is based on the points of intersection of the 
For sine or cosine waves, if the sampled wave is at any higher frequency 
than the sampling wave, patterns emerge. If the sampled wave is at any 
lower frequency than the sampler wave, patterns emerge.
If the sampled wave is irregular and the sampling wave is a greatly lower 
frequency, the resulting mapping is useless.
If the sampled wave is irregular and the sampling wave is infinite, the 
resulting mapping is identical to the sampled wave.
No wave is a perfect wave. 
The lower the hertz of course the greater the resonator.
Human consciousness is the wolf-note of the universe.
If the perfect wave of zero hertz intersects human consciousness,
the result is the irregularity of every-day life.
If the perfect wave of infinite hertz intersects human consciousness,
the result is the reproduction of human consciousness bereft of everyday 
life.
Bereft human consciousness is unintended, enlightened, a perfect wave of 
zero hertz.
The irregularity of every-day life is intended, unenlightened, a perfect 
wave of infinite hertz.
Any wave beyond the pure waves of zero or infinite hertz are impure.
Impure waves dirty the distinction between consciousness and every-day
life.
Impure waves dirty the distinction between yin and yang.
Only blurred distinctions are generative.
From generative distinctions, creativity.
From creative, perfect waves of zero and infinite hertz.
This is the regenerative principle of the noumen.
The regenerative principle co-exists with the continuous unfolding of 
time.
At the end of time, all waves are perfect waves of zero hertz.
At the beginning of time, all waves are perfect waves of infinite hertz.
We are living in the mid-time of dirtiness, impurity.
We dream the pure and the impure.
All dreamings are irregular and impure.
All dreamings are the railings of metaphysics.




brief notes on my work


these starting going somewhere, the idea of wildly disparate style/media 
from one moment to the other - the idea of 'work' smeared across 'work' - 
coherency but no boundary - artificial transmissions by email and 
directory file - enonciation, enonce - 

then they went nowhere, what came to mind was 'particles emanating from 
the brain,' perhaps in honor of the granularity of microsound or the 
despair of a relatively cashless existence.

then they went somewhere with messy economics intersecting messy ontology, 
epistemological excretions. so for what they're worth, at this stage -

1 variety

the surface of my work is full of inconsistency. styles change abruptly; 
characters that were used were used up; new characters appear at times, 
only to disappear, to write in the background. media change from text to 
audio/video/image/web/performance and back again; the kernel coheres. i am 
bored and probably bore easily; i investigate the domain of the symbolic 
from the viewpoint of messiness, and messiness from the symbolic. codes 
and languaging are always in the background, disseminated, dissimulated.

2. orders

natural which leaks through manageriality; abjection which smears and 
devolves into incoherency; aphasias and disorders of the real; brute and 
insistent protocols; sexualities, acculturations, languagings of the body; 
materiality of mathematical idealities; idealities of physical materiali- 
ties; the economics and political economics of the symbolic, abstraction, 
the geographic - all of these are subjects of my work, just as my work is 
subject to their fragile and monarchic domains. 

3. quantity and distribution

no distribution, no quantity is infinite. the phenomenological horizon of 
distribution is commonality of usage. distributivity is unobtainable. art 
is a praxis is a practice. quantity is also a shearing-away, habit and 
habitus. my work is a nudge. it won't survive the net. 

4. common themes

the theme of the hardening and collapse of the symbolic. the theme of 
attempting to grasp the infinite. the theme of the 'otherwise.' the 
argument against totalization. the violence of totalization. the code and 
the broken code. inhabiting the broken. the broken and the disaster. 

5. staying with it

if you stay with it, it will come, sensate. if you begin anywhere, you can 
end anywhere. of what conceivable purpose would be a conclusion? a history 
perhaps, a phenomenology of that history, a rocky landscape stumbled over. 
i'd say it works in your brain, but that's presumptuous. i'd say it works 
in mine, but that's symptomology. tropes, symptoms cross-reference, you'll 
see. code is cross-reference. you might not want to stay with it. it might 
never come.



Filtering filtering


Reworked from a 1978 Toronto Notebook, "On the successive eliminations of 
the entity in transformations"

or rather all that is necessary from the diagrams

a -> a' -> a''
 f    f'

The function f moves a to a'; f' moves a' to a'' and of course there is a 
composition f'f(a) -> a'' or some such. a' disappears as an entity, and on 
might generalize, considering a series of functions f, f', f'', f''' ... 
such that (ff'f''f'''(z)) is a filter over z. In the lifeworld, f^n 
extends in either direction, i.e. n ranges over the integers at the least. 
In reality, n ranges over the continuum. Every entity z carries its filter 
and a filter is non-existent without an entity. The continuous transfor- 
mation of the entity is defined by the filter and vice-versa. Since z may 
split in the process, the filter may split. The series of f need not 
define any particular entity, but may be considered split from a previous 
entity, i.e. one out of an almost infinite number of processes, infinite 
in relation to the continuum. In this fashion, the worlding process is 
visible, the entity disappears, as entities do. Entities are named _in any 
case_ in relation to space-time; too great a dispersion, and 'entity' 
disappears qua entity; the background microwave radiation of the universe 
is an example. Too small a dispersion, virtual particles for example, ad 
'entity' is ontologically problematic. Within everyday life, water and 
other liquids, as well as gases, are not considered entities, while glass, 
also liquid, is. It's a question of a family of usages in relation to 
viscosity for example. There is also a notion of intrinsic identity based 
on communality and communication; humans are entities, although rapidly 
undergoing decomposition. Reichenbach's genidentity may be of value here; 
it references the actual material substrate of a coherent object, held 
together over a substantial period of time, and undergoing change qua 
object. Such an object brings human phenomenology with it; objects out- 
gas, wear, dissolve, split, from what might temporarily be considered an 
origin. All origins and all endpoints are subject to filtering, which 
dissolves them as such. One is left with continuous birthing, continuous 
languaging and worlding, something related to Bohm's implicate order on 
one hand and maya on the other. Of course the filtering itself is 
filtered, there is no end to it. To be human is to attempt to halt such, 
impede what is identified as dissolution, death, permanent impediment. 
Ownership arises out of this, as does the urge to collect, related to the 
urge to hunt, to permanently annihilate, absorb, be reborn in the blood of 
the other. To stay with the filter is to remain analogic, deeply human, 
chthonic; to impede is to construct the digital, build, aerate, delude. 
The digital is always already inauthentic, Vaihinger's as-if which resides 
for and in the moment. Culture veers among the various orders, as if the 
world and its history is ordered and orderly; it is the sympathetic, not 
empathetic, magic of this that allows us to survive.



Date: Sat, 2 Jul 1994 01:41:57 -0400 (EDT)
From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix.com>
Subject: Chatter



SPRAY


The relationship between chaotic distributions and a totalized phys-
ical source of emission is prominent in a class of words character-
ized by the format [<s><C1><V><C2C2><er>] as in the following
list: _stutter, stammer, scatter, shudder, shatter, spatter, sputter,
skitter, splatter,_ etc. (_Scanner_ inverts the series, _spackle_ and
_simmer_ transform it.)

A second similar form produces: _spew, skid, scud, spot, spit,
split,_ etc. These forms are constructed around a _lateral topo-
graphy,_ a laminar spray distributing over a more or less wide and
irregular domain. The spray possesses a phenomology of dissolution
and disruption; it also exists on the fuzzy interface between
interior and exterior, and hence involves abjection.

In every instance, the body is compromised laterally, a veering from
side to side, or the stammer from the region of the throat. Some-
thing is _withdrawn_ violently from the organism, which convulses.
Convulsions shatter, fragment.[1]

The lock-up of the terminal screen in Net communications is the
result of packet flow; email appears from everywhere; interrupts are
common; the Net harbors impeded laterality. Better to consider it a
convulsive body as well, the neural interconnectivity of nodes
serving as obstructed gateways choked with binary debris. The body
migrates to the edge of consciousness, received and processed by
one or another correspondent who circumscribes the messaging,
returns it to the relative fulfillment of sense.

The return occurs within an insriptive domain, part and parcel of
a potential well where meaning is construed. Within the well,
meaning develops the ontological being of language; without it,
meaning sputters, its attributive scattered among the remnants of
indirect addressing.

Only the shuddering of the human shatters the human; the human
stammers or stutters its way through debris scattered across the
splattered or spotted landscape. Deep within the throat the
promise of a primitive root is murmured or mumbled. Culture con-
structs itself upon the elimination of debris; the abject, now
gathered within the shamanistic fetish for the expulsion of male-
volent spirits, echos in the hiss of the cat or snake. These
animals are regarded with awe; they hold the mirror to culture
itself, the thin veneer of language and civilization binding us
to the symbolic. The hiss is imaginary; having no meaning whatso-
ever, it holds the meaning of the world. There are no boundaries
or borders, beyond what we make of them. There is no language
beyond our speech of it.

[1] See *Art Papers* 1/2 1994, "Throat: Leslie Thornton's _The
Great Invisible_": "_In the film,_ speaking is caught in the maw,
glottal stop, Edison and the _mechanical_ insignia of existence.
Early [20th-century] representations [of movement] operated with
mechanism throughout [as in the mechanics of the melodrama]; they
stuttered. Repetitive pistons and cams moved locomotives and film;
intermittent motion is translated into rotary motion and back
again. Throughout the century, mechanism gives way to electricity,
which gives way to the electronic, cyberspace and beyond. Thought
leaves the material domain" ...

If _beings_ are mechanism, _Being_ occupies an uneasy territory.
Aristotle stumbled through the part-objects of a generalized symp-
tomology of the world and Pliny followed suit. But organism never
spoke clearly and _always_ stammered; the hiss of steam, the
volcanic fissure, and the cat are _identical_.

**********************

15 days later Cybermind co-founder Michael Current was dead.



Measurement and Ethos 


Give the Schrodinger's cat paradox, think of the mixed state as the trag- 
edy of the commons which ultimately reproduces itself through capital 
accumulation. What should be taken as the constituents of the wave equa- 
tion tending towards the sudden collapse with a particular eigenvalue. 
Wave towards state, spread over E3 space towards specificity of value. Set 
judgment equivalent to measurement. The field of behavior, environmental, 
particle, cultural, human, tends towards those moments of relative inter- 
ference. Measurement is performance judgment; the human sutures, closes in 
upon itself, defends itself. The wave equation collapses, the commons is 
bought out. Environmental factors of scale surely play a role; a murderer 
is punished as a result of the collapse of a nearly=decomposable hierar- 
chy, a moment in time when the bullet flies, the knife slips, burned into 
the genidentical four-space of an organism. Measurement is presumed, 
stated, neutral; judgment is presumed measurement, according to the law, 
i.e. according to the justice of an N-dimensional manifold and its fields. 
What mixes in the real cat, mixes in the law; what mixes in physical 
description is accompanied by a disclaimer, i.e. 'not a real cat,' which 
is part of the description. Nature abhors a vacuum but abhors as well the 
many-worlds approach of continuous splitting; it's messy, as is absolute 
and total relativism. Just as physics possesses no intrinsic ethos, ethos 
possesses no physics. Morality is situation- and ethos-dependent, event 
and law. Experiment is theory- and measurement-dependent, event and world. 
World and law, Law, are orthogonal, disconnected; to measure is not to 
adjudicate, but measure is to adjudicate. The stakes and foundation-spaces 
are orthogonal. Given culture, every judgment is orthogonal to itself, 
self-orthogonal, totalizing and split. Physics and ethos are entangled at 
the level of the cat; it is the cat that is at stake, dragging quantum and 
cultural theories with it. Both approaches reside within language; law 
pretends towards the exactitude of physics, with insipid results. Both 
tend as well towards mechanism: beam-splitters versus the panopticon, 
collapse of wave-functions (coupled) with incarcerations. Neither cat nor 
prisoner escape. In a hyperreal sense we are both; therein lies the 
paradox.


Collapse


When the wave-function collapses as a result of measurement, a quantum 
state results, for example cat-lives | cat-dies. What was entangled sud- 
denly takes itself elsewhere, to a value in the everyday world, a value 
that affects us, an effect. Knowledge unmoving, but knowledge given across 
solar systems, galaxies! What happens if an alien intelligence measures a 
pale - look, the experiment's hijacked! But we don't know this, we're 
doing, what, measuring away here, but we're the second? Meanwhile else- 
where, an observer watches... nothing... Disappointment! The experiment 
has failed! He makes a phone-call; it takes hours! What then? Perhaps the 
alien is just... barely conscious... on the order of a gastropod... a 
paramecium... Something just nudges the apparatus, perhaps not even paying 
attention... Perhaps it sends a signal back to us! Yes, well-done! A 
signal hijacked from the other observer! Wait, it gets worse! It's not 
conscious at all, just a pebble! Something falls, but since it's almost 
gravity-free, a level has become loose, perhaps the rockets... It slides 
slightly, what then? The button is pushed, we get a signal, the elsewhere 
observer gets nothing, we don't know we've gotten a signal, we've gotten 
nothing, we think we've gotten nothing, we think the other observer gets 
the other state, a different state - wait a minute, there's no response... 
We're on earth, a sunny day, we're waiting here, or circling the earth, 
replete with waves, acoustic, electromagnetic, the space-station shudders, 
the sun shortly disappears behind the earth atmosphere, just for a minute 
or two, a please twilight, my mind goes back to a walk in an Appalachian 
forest, somewhere in Virginia, we're holding hands, now she's so far away, 
elsewhere with her measuring, waiting, nothing is happening, did he forget 
me? I'm on the station, memory collapses, wait, I'll measure now, the 
first, just as I'm supposed to! A clean value, if yes here, no there, and 
if no there, yes here! But I hear nothing! Still, the situation seems 
clear enough, isn't it? A cliff, collapse, is produced, big entropy 
change, memories disperse, I'm focused now, waiting for her response! 
Nothing ever comes, the alien, slug, paramecium, lever, shuffles along, 
walks away, flies out, shifts, it doesn't matter. Has the world split? Of 
course not! It's the same old world! Think of the economy of multiple 
universes! But then in quantum cosmology, value's elsewhere, hardly 
calculated, split, split, and no split, it can go on forever...

Analog has moved to digital value, but where? Why? From whom? At what 
cost? Just how exact? Perhaps there's an error, perhaps there's a leak, a 
short-circuit, an alien...

_

Another run at it -


Consider the wave function collapse from the viewpoint, not of a cat or 
(dis)interested observer but from that a music producer. The analogic is 
devolves into one of two modes, say, either Y or N. Consider a continuous 
production of particles and close to continuous measurement. The result is 
a series of Ys, Ns. Consider this a code or a mapping, which it is not; it 
is probabilistic most likely, Bohm notwithstanding. Then say {Yn,Nm} or 
some such represents the resulting series. Let Band1 = {Yn,Nm}, then Band1 
is the first sound-track on the new Schrodinger CD. Now Band1 only roughly 
reproduces the music of course, which is collapsed from the bandwidth. It 
seems irrelevant to ask about the Khz of this new recording, but we might 
set up the entire experiment in order to create Band1, Band2, at any Khz. 
The question might be, what are we listening to? The question might be, 
what does Band1 represent or in other words, how well does it represent 
the original music? Band1 is the music. Band 1 is random. Is it white 
noise? Does it require encoding? Collapse the spikes to a spectrum; 
listen. With the beam-splitter, send part of the wave elsewhere. Then one 
might speculate as to alien intervention. This is a way for an alien to 
accompany or construct music here on earth. Or rather, to interfere. But 
of course it is random, and no one or nothing (alien, observer here, 
observer there) has anything to say about it or through it. It is hardly a 
signature, is it?

We'll never know definitively if the observer elsewhere has received the 
signal. The alien is good at mimickry. The alien perhaps hasn't interfered 
and hasn't measured. But she sends a signal, it takes years. She says, 
What did you receive? The local observer says Y or N; the alien, aha! I 
knew it. This goes on and on. Collect those Ys! Then they're the result of 
production, of non-production, they're the result of entanglement, they're 
the result of nothing at all. I'm lost here, forgive me. I want to make a 
song, I want to call it Band1, from Schrodinger. Forgive me.



Cat taC


Set up the Schrodinger experiment as before. The cat-space contains food, 
a cat-box, water, a place to sleep, all comfort comforting. Conduct the 
experiment. Wait two weeks, check the result, then open the box. The cat 
is either dead or alive. What about the cat? If the cat has died, surely 
it would have died with the arrival of the particle. Naturally the cat 
would have decayed. If the measurement implies consciousness, then 
consciousness is retroactive, an absurdity. If the cat is alive, the same. 
Say it is the consciousness of a cat; use a plant, with lights, water, a 
happy atmosphere. If dead, then wilted; if alive, the same. Conduct the 
experiment with a mixing of viscous liquids. It takes weeks for full 
mixture. How far have we gone in two weeks? Either partial mixture or 
none. We assume in these cases the quantum measurement is automated; 
conscious doesn't enter into it until later. We assume we are simply 
reading an earlier result. If the jump occurs only at the time of reading, 
then we know the mix has been in abeyance. If it occurs earlier, there's a 
problem. What is the problem in case A? What is the problem in case B?
problem. What is the problem in case A? What is the problem in case B?
then we know the mix has been in abeyance. If it occurs earlier, there's a 
reading an earlier result. If the jump occurs only at the time of reading, 
conscious doesn't enter into it until later. We assume we are simply 
none. We assume in these cases the quantum measurement is automated; 
mixture. How far have we gone in two weeks? Either partial mixture or 
experiment with a mixing of viscous liquids. It takes weeks for full 
happy atmosphere. If dead, then wilted; if alive, the same. Conduct the 
Say it is the consciousness of a cat; use a plant, with lights, water, a 
consciousness is retroactive, an absurdity. If the cat is alive, the same. 
would have decayed. If the measurement implies consciousness, then 
it would have died with the arrival of the particle. Naturally the cat 
is either dead or alive. What about the cat? If the cat has died, surely 
experiment. Wait two weeks, check the result, then open the box. The cat 
a cat-box, water, a place to sleep, all comfort comforting. Conduct the 
Set up the Schrodinger experiment as before. The cat-space contains food, 


Cat taC




the hiatus


the bare bones, the reworked text.
the apathetic structure uniq -f|s|d.
the cathectic structure < consciousness > 
 <here later I will build upon Penrose's 3-sphere/world theory, 
  which I developed independently in 1971.
 <I use the notions of immersive and definable structures in relation
  to graph/networks which possess state or operator diagrams.
 <I show how specific mappings may occur between phenomenological,
  abstract, and physical entities.
 <I demonstrate how such mappings require phenomenological processes,
  self-contradictory and contradictory processes, and strictly defined
  processes.
 (I explain how such processes interrelate,
 (below is an exercise, an hiatus.

just a second now just a minute 

problem. What is the problem in case A? What is the problem in case B?

plateglass window.

on it"

grew" 

.e brings you back home to me
.e brings you back home to me
.e can't kill any more
.e crashes smashes lashes dashes stashes

says: ok

Chatter

indirect addressing.

then: No such file or directory

   Fi
elik,
il, a
 beni

lgeli yerlerinde u
   titredim ...

soov. 

the cliffs.

problem. What is the problem in case A? What is the problem in case B?

then: No such file or directory

just a second now just a minute 

problem. What is the problem in case A? What is the problem in case B?



===




Note towards a foundational phenomenology of analogic/discrete 'domains.'


Until we understand the deep ontological and epistemological issues invol- 
ving the analogic and discrete (digital), we will get nowhere.

It must be within the wave equation and its collapse that the solution to 
these conceivable orders will be found. 

Measurement = judgment, culture; the collapse is to the discrete. Wolfram 
remains there; the wave equation and its ontology otherwise; Penrose on 
the cusp of the dialectic; Hawking dismisses the problem through positiv- 
ism. But the orders remain such, effloresce on the level of the life-world 
where the digital exists under the aegis of fabrication, and the analogic 
prohibits the jump-cut outside of mental phenomena.

Certainly it is within the collapse of the wave equation that the phenom- 
enology of consciousness, the abstract and the physical, meet. Contradic- 
tions appear almost across the board. Each tugs at the other.

One is unwilling to give up the primacy of the physical because of its 
immensity. It is difficult, even from a platonic viewpoint, to comprehend 
the immensity of the abstract as well - it pales by comparison. As for 
consciousness, it seems the weakest of all, certainly the most fragile. It 
is within consciousness that the annihilation and creation of historical 
memory occur.

There are no events in the abstract. Consciousness and the physical are 
temporal; the physical and the abstract describe spaces; consciousness and 
the abstract describe networks. Within consciousness, from the network to 
the membrane. Within the physical, from spacetime to its incoherence. And 
within the abstract, axiomatics to their dissolution.

Mathesis tends towards rounding and the discrete (digital); consciousness 
tends towards sharpening and the analogic; the physical world collapses 
among them.

Perhaps the collapse is incomprehensible in terms of a unifying theory. I 
agree with Penrose that both U and R are real physical processes. (I have 
no proof of this of course; it _fits._) In any case measurement brings out 
the artifactual nature of the digital, as well as the choice of variables, 
tolerances, apparatus, etc., and all in relation to background noise.

Thinking gets to the bottom of everything. Thinking gets to the bottom of 
nothing; it is both full, replete, and absent.

To think _fully_ the a/d divide/continuum (along with this infinite reg- 
ress) is to assume familiarity with mathematical physics, phenomenology, 
engineering, neurophysiology, as well as philosophy, aesthetics, computer 
science. Without these backgrounds, analysis remains on the level of life- 
world phenomena, the symptomatic. As the symptomatic expands, so does the 
metaphoric superstructure; before long, one is off and running in any 
number of useless directions as image builds on image. This is the wave 
part of the phenomenon; the collapse is absent as testability recedes. My 
personal danger is to avoid confusion on one hand, and these metaphoric 
ruminations as anything but fantasy, on the other.

There are also the results in microsound, in digital audio reproduction, 
in compression algorithms and raster scans at the limits, in the mathe- 
matics of human cognition, in cellular automata. Expansion frays at the 
edges; nothing is achieved. Just as confusion is the result of metaphoric 
expansion, it is also the result of an efflorescence of roots.

( And it's in codework that the mix of analogic and discrete 'ordering,' 
with resulting 'broken' image and imaginary, that the aesthetics of 
expansion and collapse - of metaphor and binary for example - plays out. 
In this sense all communication among organisms, participates in signal 
and emotional contexting, reduction and aura.

Gestalt is both surplus and reduction. The inhabiting of text is analogic, 
no matter the discrete (ascii, tcp/ip) elements (protocols) at work. 
Between inhabitation and the seizure of the symbol lies anxiety, dis/com- 
fort, the political.

The collapse of the wave equation, Penrose's U -> R, Bell's theorem, 
_bother_ us. Communication leaks; the mechanics transform (in Irigarayan 
terms) from fluid to mechanical to the uneasy gnawing of a _mix._ Think of 
Kristeva's abject for example, or Janine Chasseguet-Smirgel's work. Think 
of a kind of transitional object carrying the all-too-evident seeds of 
decay within it, the teddy-bear leaking stuffing.

The bothering is political; we would do anything to erase it! Purity, the 
sensual absence of corruption, is primary to governance, where, for 
example, justice is forced into equivalence with law.

One should learn from the R Yes|No measurement that decision, at the 
bottom, is independent. 'The best-laid plans of mice and men often go 
astray'; and are _inherently_ astray. They are never plans until observed 
- when the secret's out. Code hides and reveals, checksumming a relative 
assurance of purity. Beyond that, there is nothing but plasma analogic, 
and the digital grave. )


===

....A./D.


...Analog digital / analog discrete, but also Anno Domini; one can only 
point out that linear time from 0 moves through both negative and positive 
numbers; the years are integers, the continuum backgrounded. A/D: Monothe- 
ism's gift, this or that, before or after; A/D: the continuum of time 
re/produced as discrete. The year 0 of our lord, the year 1 of our lord. 
This is the trouble with religions or ideologies with monolithic and 
linear narratives apparently grounded in specific and human events - 
everything proceeds like a white hole out of them. Of course every system, 
however broken, has its accountancy; I am punning here on A./D., the 
ferociousness of this division, and from the viewpoint of believers - as 
if humankind were waiting for this, the insertion of our lord into 
history, breaking history, remaking the codex of dates. Islam is similar.
With monotheisms it's all gone bad; the fabrication carries a suspect 
political ideology, as if the world has waited for year 0 and the 
insertion of a related temporal framework. This is what happens when 
there's a guy - Jesus or Mohammed or whomever - involved. The construct of 
absolute time is equivalent to absolute negative and positive, right or 
wrong. Clearly history doesn't start or end with the guy, so one counts 
forwards and backwards from him. But he's there as a stopper, 
transformation, wave equation collapse, as deadly as Schrodinger's cat 
might be.

Somewhere Weyl wrote about the last vestige of the self/ego in physics - 
the Cartesian origin. The guy hangs out there, claims the origin for 
himself/itself, refuses to recognize the tensor algebra of the thing which 
isn't a thing. It's be-all and end-all for him. Time begins, marches 
forward or backward, a permanent light-cone. The rest are its children.

( Note that this absolute time is _finite,_ that it begins and ends, that 
the origin is _historical._ And note that so many other systems portend a 
creation behind/beyond which numeracy was non-existent; the numbers begin 
in mythic time. So there are configurations that are lost in essence - not 
a guy hanging out, as if known by one and all. There's always the problem 
of the divine with historical time; mythos turns to miracles, Jesus doing 
this or that, almost like a party. Three and one is one by the way; for 
any absolute finite X here, X -> 1, I believe it is called a _kernel._ )



Why I am narrow.

I am narrow, minded; it is difficult to follow any stream, much less any 
particular stream, of thought. On an analog/digital forum I have been 
reading, there was already a worry expressed, take the division and run 
with it as if something were being said/done. It's on the edge/verge of 
nonsense. To be strict with oneself is to mine the sememe, abandon it in 
large part. What's left is practically non-existent. For example, issues 
of raster: increase the digital raster to the infinitely, small and create 
an identity map - that seems simple enough. But then quantum effects come 
into play - in fact the wave equation collapse enters here as well. Back 
out and try the other - the digital to the infinitely large. Then one has 
monotheism, totality. Try from the analog side - nothing occurs. Surely 
one integrates the digital to arrive at the analogic, but to begin with 
the analogic? To differentiate it? This might map, but then there is still 
the question of the raster. The raster? The question of the wave equation 
again. Try the abacus. Base 1: counting, enumeration, matching one-to-one. 
Base infinite: each number a symbol, memorization of ideograms (English 
spelling, kanji). But given infinite memory in the latter, zero memory in 
the former, they are both procedural; it's just that in the latter, 
nothing carries.

This goes on and on. So far so good, these are abacuses, objects counted, 
not too much out of line. If metaphor's involved, it's indexical. But then 
perhaps I bring in libido (Dionysian, analogic) and superego (Apollonian, 
digital), and I'm off and running. Before long I'm tied in Lacan's knots, 
a slippage that's always productive - how can it knot be? Language begins 
to curl, everything proceeds with a poetics of the real, and I'm lost, I'm 
lost...


Subject: Thai Calendar

The Thai Calendar is from the time of Buddha. My Netscape in OS9 won't let 
me cut and paste, anyway - it's the Thai solar or Suriyakati calendar - 
"The year however is counted from the Buddhist Era (B.E.) which is 543 
years earlier than the Christian Era (A.D.)." - Alan

So here is a split from an historical figure.

Can one say there are three types of calendars -

0 -> X, in which the origin only goes forward (i.e. from creation)
-X -> 0 -> X, in which an historical figure marks a zero point origin in 
historical time which is registered in terms of negative and positive 
integers
0 -> A(n) B(n') C(n'') in which emperor or other eras A, B, C, are locally 
enumerated by n, n', n'' - note in this case, there's a presumed origin 
which may or may not be of the first or second type above (i.e. an emperor 
may be at the origin of a mythical creation, or an emperor can be only the 
delineation of the beginning of imperial time)

I'm not sure where this gets us/me, whomever - but I'm fascinated by these 
systems, and the relation they have to monotheisms and/or historical 
lineages - Alan




The Apt Word


To write modernism is to write in voiceless voice.
To write in voiceless voice is an enunciation.
The enunciated is always pronounced.
This is based on the apt word.
Whatever I write, there is the apt word.
In terms of cleverness, the reader desires this, the apt word.
The apt word makes one famous, i.e. on the road to fame.
Apt may be an apt word.
Writing this style is always a well-honed craft.
I try to procure your agreement or perhaps disagreement.
My taste is apparent on the page. 
I am an expert in the use of words and their exactitude.
More specifically, the apt words.
Every phrase, every poem, is a composition.
The poet works hard at the composition, every word must fit.
The fit word is the apt word, both harmonious and perfect.
A poet claws its way to the apt word and beyond.
There is light on the other side of the apt word.
The apt word must not appear contrived.
Or it must appear contrived as a collusion between reader and writer.
The apt word must be secretly clever.
Or it must appear clever as such a collusion.
It's nature, the apt word, unnoticed but graces a reputation.
The audience knows the poet by the apt word.
Every poet has a different approach to the apt word.
And every poet has a different approach to the rest of it.
But it is all carefully crafted and that is why we care about poets.
And it is beautifully written and full of surprises.
And that is why we care about poetry.
I am serious about this, this apt word.
It is a well-turned phrase that contributes to the whole.
In a sense it is the whole.
Love language, love the apt, advertising and poetry pick and choose.
Here I am writing, searching for the perfect form.
Oh there must be more to this than that, there is not.
My words are perhaps not apt enough.
My turns of phrase...

|

an absolute burst or vertical signal in the for of + within an otherwise 
quiescent mode. 0/1 or Kronecker delta? 

onset and damping 0; at x = y of infinite +/-? this doesn't matter; give 
it the prominence of a spike.

what happens to energy at a well-defined frequency? close in and quantum 
effects appear. 

the spike is a trigger. what is the response time?

the speed, not the half-life, of particle decay?

dear mathematical physicist, you see I do not know what I am talking 
about. I am only certain that this spike plays a role in the phenomenology 
of the analogic and digital. 

analogic as adjectival; digital the same, as discrete, binary. or such of 
the discrete that has a modus operandi as binary.

consider the factory or configuration of the digital, its appearance as 
governing artifacture at a particular moment in civilization - when it is 
realized that the analogic may be _scanned._

but the digital is not always constructed, as the collapse of the wave 
equation implies. or rather it is always constructed - always an _action_ 
- but not necessarily an artifacture or technological production - which 
have teleology in mind.

what are the nature/s of the spikes in very low frequency radio for 
example? is the (natural) digital always the result of a _collapse_?

these (naive) questions are on the tip of the tongue, so to speak - an 
array.

and dear mathematical physicist, i hope you will be able to listen to the 
musings of an unaffiliated artist / theorist, who is trying to get it 
right, but may not always succeed.


analogic smear

postulate the analogical from the position of the operations of the 
analogical. i talked about, apologizing all the while for exhaustion, the 
relation of the analogical to deep identity, identity all the way damental 
ontologies and their relationship to the analogical and identity real, the 
truth is messy, noisy, analogic, irreducible, fuzzy. as listerv. this 
analogical labelling is superficial consider the analog is atemporal and 
time is analogical substructure integral the body analogical body is 
digital substructure substructure digital is body analogical body the 
integral substructure to analogical print differential biological material 
raster is the analog is atemporal and time is analogical time. this 
continuous world appears analogic. any element of the analogic real is 
interconnected and inseparable. the inherent. the application of truth 
values is digital. the analogic is a membrane. the analogic is dirty, 
inseparable, unbreakable. the dirty analogic problematizes its symbolic. 
the clean digital is the digital object is analogic. the analogic 
representation is digital. ghosts are embedded within the analogic. ghosts 
are excluded from the the analogic. to erase a distinction is to corrode 
it, to sublimate it to the analogic analogic. the creation of a signifier 
re-inscribes the signified image of the image is analogic. within the 
analogic real there is always room for error. "one can reverse this, in a 
sense, considering the application of analogic analogic, it might be a 
fairly useless exercise. as stimulate a vigorous debate on the 
relationship of digital and analogic the other. to stay with the filter is 
to remain analogic, deeply human, (dis)interested observer but from that a 
music producer. the analogic is note towards a foundational phenomenology 
of analogic/discrete 'domains.' ving the analogic and discrete (digital), 
we will get nowhere. where the digital exists under the aegis of 
fabrication, and the analogic tends towards sharpening and the analogic 
the physical world collapses ( and it's in codework that the mix of 
analogic and discrete 'ordering,' gestalt is both surplus and reduction. 
the inhabiting of text is analogic, assurance of purity. beyond that, 
there is nothing but plasma analogic, one integrates the digital to arrive 
at the analogic, but to begin with the analogic? to differentiate it? this 
might map, but then there is still perhaps i bring in libido (dionysian, 
analogic) and superego (apollonian, she smears to decomposing doll, the 
heart rate monitor freezes and she is sounds ! one who is clad in the hide 
of an elephant ! one who is besmeared where clara might go, smeared with 
shit, piss, and cum, mixing with the lag killed it. i can't think anymore. 
time zero is time smeared. oh, oh! "remaining nude, clad in torn dress, 
covered with oil, besmeared secrets, runnels overhanging the reach of 
chin, neck, smeared sweat, eme - or smearing, diapers, ink - shit 
everywhere - pissed books (drag pushes the rim of the asshole out - paste 
smeared upon the supine body of smear blending into the subtle plateau 
shadowed by fluttered bodies, and for whom inscription has transformed 
into smears. defuge smeared against the central desert's nilometer 
measuring taste, sweat, covered with grease and parts smeared everywhere. 
what remain of her her wipe wipe, she cleared a space, smeared apace, on 
the crt. "now it will be ples, want them smeared. they become 
writing-tools drag my body, parallel lines of shit, blood, smeared across 
the screen. this is the scrawl me, smeared across my balls as well. when i 
threw the bottle the res- bodies, and for whom inscription has transformed 
into smears. defuge smeared across the chest and face, immortalized in 
photographic image around broken space, smeared in orbital clouds running 
with a fury, smear let smear be our primary descriptor!

dank:smelly:hot:wet:smear:gooey:8068:2:sticky:smear:hot
flood:flow:spew:smear:gooey:yuus:8650:7:ooze:gooey:smear evening cuseeme.
time smeared, jetlag without the physiology or condition-
nipple::breast::round::togue::tongue::smear:::yes:12219:2:::smear as dirt
lends itself to the analog, the body, smeared and stained, escapes

    i despise your glances smeared across your faces
jennifer whispered.> href="slip them in.htm"<smear>/a< >a href="legs.htm"
get my period soon. i can tell because i keep finding a whitish smear in
seconds count series smears jennifer-text across screen series expands
ic may be "smeared" across a number of pages, programs, or other aspects
counted-for. it is unaccountable because it is smeared across sites (pa-
parts smeared across the screen, terminal-decay, terminal-desire. alone,
cells smear disrupted contents against it. blood gushes to the surface,
it would have to be under glass, my name smeared and rendered inde-
only then did you fall apart. then and only then were you smeared, defiled

     despise your glances smeared across your faces hatred of useless we 
covered with grease and parts smeared everywhere. what remain of her her 
contaminated by paper smears, ball-pointed inks coating tunnels to 
certificates smeared with flesh rubles and your cum so trade them in. this 
world smears meaning all over the place. everywhere we look we drib- were, 
we'd still be smearing meaning all over the places, as i said. then any 
two elements of a spectrum smear, gesturally, across the rest. so that ing 
smeared shitsuppurating asshole would soaking smeared shit mind you 
uneasy weighted penis shit vomitswallowed vomitmorselsmeared face your 
lively smeared hair is in my spry smeared eyes your your penis seeps into 
my smeared eyes - turning me julu-jennifer smeared - almost obliterated, 
choked on filth, disheveled

 the mind, pierce the ears, send the stump away, smear it areas and 
objects blurred, edges smeared, involuted polished bronze, smeared and 
non-existent recognitions. i come down the aisle, smear embrace on the 
perfect floor, flood into eg ..and place it on ure mouth ..and smear the 
screedn ..and look at ure eg ..and place it on ure mouth ..and smear the 
screedn ..and look at ure words t shit on me, smear me, we will lie across 
ourselves... you will drip from s ...till we no longer x sist in body 
..till we r in another space ..smeared wit tears smear dirt on our 
invisible faces where proper names are killed! line tourmaline, constant 
tears smear dirt on our invisible faces where leave us alone, azure and i 
naked, smeared with each other and with black crystalline tourmaline, 
constant tears smear dirt on our invisible faces tears smear dirt on our 
invisible faces where proper names are killed! smears d'nala with asshole 
flora and fauna. his chest is streaked. d'nala effects on video - images 
smeared into one another - lmsmears d'nala with asshole flora and fauna. 
his chest is streaked. d' smeared kanji before erasure after (the 
"thinking skin smears" itself across existence - from the program, binding 
is soaked, written, erased. - consider the next smearing of your your 
menses consider the next smearing of your thinking skin. is on my consider 
the next smearing of your thinking skin. first flooding consider the next 
smearing of your thinking skin. next smearing of your thinking skin. is on 
my your menses consider the next smearing of your thinking skin. is on my 
consider the next smearing of your thinking skin.first flooding your 
menses consider the next smearing of your thinking skin. is on my consider 
the next smearing of your thinking skin. my consider the next smearing of 
your thinking skin. is your chemistry into existence and your own my skin 
is smeared, still thinking my and stick their shit-covered pricks in 
them, smearing them with oil so escape the bullets and whips, dodge the 
swords and knives, they smear my would smear white powder in melanie's 
perfect long black hair, soiling it. n+1 creates 2(2^(n+1)-1)+1 elements - 
doubling through the 'smear,' the the next smearing of your thinking skin 
simple qbasic programs tending

 hanko (seal), nudes coming together, smearing the ideograms, they're the 
texts smear themselves across each other's bodies. the commands smear and 
go t e and eyes ..do that..and smearing e would protect u ...i would 
smearing us together... so so that i could bleed too so u would be coated 
smear u into myey hs yes yesair and my ...b.ones. these visions we build

 expulsion of rhizomatic surface to skin smeared with effluvia, desire, 
think she's carrying anything. clara, oozing blood, smeared with clara, 
oozing blood, smeared with symbols of shit and cum, now clara totters in, 
oozing blood, smeared with symbols of shit was wet with the flow of her, 
blood smearing my beautifully drawn nipples and open, touching skin, 
interior. walking down the street, cum smears she poured herself upon me, 
menses savaged, hysteric and thick, smeared analog video behaves 
differently, produces ghosts, smears, noise, all the women's toilets were 
smeared with human blood and excrement my smeared - almost obliterated 
honey.txt low lunar language.  the subject, the understood smeared with 
mud. a flood nothing red really on on flooding and blood, smeared with is 
onlooker floods, down up moo mexm highways smeared with theory's a of your 
menses consider the next smearing of your thinking skin. is on my 
flooding-room light, softenings considering the next smearing of your mud. 
a flood nothing red really on on flooding and blood, smeared with its 
dirty and smeared with blood, he wandered naked in the landscape of from 
one moment to the other - the idea of 'work' smeared across 'work' - 
natural which leaks through manageriality abjection which smears and 
tears smear dirt on our invisible faces where proper names are killed! 
line tourmaline, constant tears smear dirt on our invisible faces where 
leave us alone, azure and i naked, smeared with each other and with black 
crystalline tourmaline, constant tears smear dirt on our invisible faces 
tears smear dirt on our invisible faces where proper names are killed! 
hand never moved or remained still. infinitesimal hands smeared the hiding 
myself,, devourx if, smeared zi t.h cum,. texture of ague, words image? t 
me smears the image (which is completed by perception wu print "consider 
the next smearing of your thinking skin.\n" into existence and your own 
my skin is smeared, still thinking my 



I read this:


"limit notes

where a function converges to a limit. what is beyond 
the limit.

construction of works as edge phenomena
fields of symptoms, intermixtures of fields
the result given in relation to apperception

koan, satori, etc. in relation to edge -

tools, vlf radio
video microscopy
poser and other motion-capture work
extensions of narratives
'home-spun' equipment
analog/digital investigations: physics, mathematics
police-scanner psychotopography
GPS and Worldwind - presentation of 'hotspot events'?
gaming vignettes

for upcoming presentation:
modified whistlers
heap.mov
ennui.mov
motion-capture poser
blender work
- talk about geography and consciousness
- universe and consciousness in relation to 'plasma'

sexualities
heuristics
languages bodies
pathos, empathy, sympathy, defuge

anomalous vlf signals welded together
vlf antenna receptors? loops, fences, L, T, etc. 
vlf feedback - dual receivers etc. -

rule-governed systems in relation to consciousness 
(going back to older immersive/definable work). what 
is the _meaning_ of particular explanation? is 
explanation itself a form of the discrete?

the system in relation to the carrying-out of the 
system 
temporality inherent in the carrying-out

Irigaray, fluid mechanics - Hertz's mechanics.

the_limit_ is the discrete mathematization/formalism 
itself as on the page - the limit background - call 
it the 'horizon' or phenomenological horizon - is the 
immersive activity.

immersive activity is vectored, i.e. past-future, 
however entangled. an issue is genidentity - i.e. 
that constants, what _passes_ for constants - i.e. 
those formal written elements (which may include time 
as a variable).

a second limit - that of the apparatus - i.e. 
bandwidth or perceptual limit (of course not 
equivalent). how to translate the former into the 
latter - i.e. lowering pitch, etc.

sexual/linguistic limits - how the body is 
collapsed/expanded (see Leder for example) - the 
body's _Jordan surface_ for example, i.e. topology 
rendered _diffused_ - exhortations of the plasma.

_discomforted_ boundaries -

the 'field of possibilities' - cdrom soundwork / 
dancework (Foofwa) / still images, 'natural' images - 
how to integrate these?

certainly the sound/dancework is up against limits - 
but the 'natural' images - not at all. or 
memory-replete, nothing but. -

associating each of 13 images with one of the tobacco 
cards - distorting images / distorted ground - 
recording continuous human intervention (oil company) 
- can we get into those grounds?

building linux - editing video on linux - 
compressions, occlusions - radio - doubled coiling - 
experiments w/ groundwire - ARRL Antenna book - how 
does length of a short wire operate with VLF? book on 
whistlers 2nd-hand?

help with: Machinema , vlf, linux video editing"

- and as I read this, I could not help thinking - 
here is the limit-symbol of the thought, the discrete 
result, preponderance of diffuse movement- motion 
well within the habitus-inhabitation, here it is.

- and that these symbols are themselves deep within a 
potential well, momentarily stable, this is what I am 
thinking, this is what I was thinking, Vygotsky's 
inner voice taking over, even now, as I type 
accordingly, to the fixture of the design for-from my 
summer work.

- on the other hand, who would care about these 
specifics, this aggrandizing-attempt, these useless 
details, for example the tobacco cards from the late 
nineteenth-century, each with the image and name of 
an actress, a photograph directly from the negative, 
sexuality both thwarted and pleasured, the pleasure 
in the thwarting? or who, without any evidence 
whatsoever of the Worldwind program, would care about 
a mapping or remapping of the globe, no matter what 
the weather? all these details ....

- nonetheless, there is at least the guise or hint of 
value here, for any reader who cares to unravel the 
text beyond their fastenings.

- and for this reason


Of Speech As of Number


Number names in various languages (for example Japanese) alter in relation 
to their quantified; '3 books' and '3 people' may have different words for 
'3' altogether. In English, the number words are unary, however.

However, and this relates to issues of analog/digital (which I continue of 
course to pursue), there are three 'speakings' of number, dependent on 
use:

1. 2118 = "two thousand, one hundred and eighteen" - indicative of 
_quantity._ For example: "There are two thousand, one hundred and eighteen 
bison on the island." Note the comma and connective may be omitted: "There 
are two thousand one hundred eighteen bison on the island." Think of this 
as the _indexical._

2. 2118 - "twenty-one eighteen" - indicative of date (within a serial / 
linear construct). This is number as _sign._ For example: "In the year 
twenty-one eighteen, all large mammals, except for humans, will either be 
extinct or corralled." Note "twenty-one eighteen" is almost never written 
out as such; the usual expression would be "In the year 2118, all large 
mammals, except for humans, will either be extinct or corralled." Think of 
this as the _symbolic._

3. 2118 - "two one one eight" - indicative of _identification_ For 
example: "I live at two one one eight Western Boulevard, near the Monument 
of Extinctions." Phone numbers and other identifications (credit card, 
social security) are usually spoken in this fashion. Think of this as the 
_ikonic._

In ikonic identification, quantity and seriality are irrelevant. The 
number is neither cardinal nor ordinal. In symbolic seriality, 
identification is based on quantity, only in the sense that quantity 
defines positionality; this is ordinal, not cardinal. In indexical 
quantity, identification and seriality are weakened; the quantity of bison 
(for the most part alone) is relevant. The number is cardinal.

I am stretching Peirce's notion of signs here. Nevertheless, there is some 
hint of value on the horizon. Number trifurcates in the speaking; the 
specificity of 3 portends the specificity of the discrete, for example.

What happens with decimals? Almost always, they are indicative of 
quantity, although one can imagine an identification number of the form, 
for example, "21.2.1.96" - which would be read "twenty-one point two point 
one point ninety-six." If the form is standard, one might eliminate the 
"point" as in "twenty-one two one ninety-six." If the numbers are more 
than two or three digits, for example "2134.9121.1." - the most likely 
speaking would be "two one three four point nine one two one point one." 
Telephone numbers of the form "(718)555-1235" are of this type, with the 
punctuation omitted: "seven one eight [pause] five five five [pause] one 
two three five."

There are exceptions to all of these; I am concerned, however, with a 
general trend, at least in one language.


Zeno

Clearly the arrow _stops_ and in all instances of motions, objects _stop._ 
Measurement stops them. Think of the position as a blurred set. Stopping 
is unstopping; stopping approaches C, the speed of light, meanders towards 
the asymptotes.
beneath the plane coming in for a landing during perfect vlf
this may have been paris or frankfurt
The plane performs an asymptote.
Plane vector < = > runway vector.
We were all saved when the plane loomed overhead in the nighttime sky.
I snapped picture after picture as quickly as possible.
My name is Zeno. I am still alive.


vw


the ordering is in the difference.
the difference is the metaorder; within the metaorder, there is replete 
order. 
the metaorder is temporal; the replete order is synchronic, there.
meta/space, replete/time.
the orders are illuminated.
there are too many planets left in darkness, without consciousness, alone, 
uncharted, unavailable to sentience.
small well-ordered set (see Huntington's The Continuum) -



_


Radio, the World, the Discrete


Not only is radio tremulous in its reception of the stars themselves; it 
is also analogic, requiring no decoding; what you hear, what you record, 
is what there is. The opposite holds for online radio, packet-protocol 
radio, no matter how shipped; like a jpg image, it requires specific 
constructs to make sense of it all. And such constructs tie into very 
notions of software coding, intellectual property, corporate and personal 
privacy. What the antenna registers, what the wires contact, may be 
contacted by all; they are primordial, inert. Give a wavelength or wave- 
length bundle, give a direction or directions or omni-directions, and what 
comes in, comes in to any living creature, ready for the interpretation or 
not, Rosset's idiocy, or the muteness of the world. Move to the Net, Net 
radio, already the raster is at work; there is a fineness, an absolute 
floor and absolute ceiling, of the recording/playback - of the apparatus 
itself - that cannot be bypassed; extrapolation is trusting at best - that 
nothing in-between, no out-of-packet information, exists to trouble the 
rest. This is the differend at work, surely, and it is the differend that 
characterizes the digital - what is not permitted to speak, what is 
literally circumlocuted.

Radio brings the unknown to bear; the Net brings the known to the 
bearable. Given a text/image/audio/whatever file - that is all there is, 
nothing more; it exhausts itself and is exhausted and the play of content, 
the semiosis, exists in the perceiver, not 'out there.' This is secondary 
narcissism, looping through the machine; primary narcissism is the realm 
of the analogic, our cosmological identification.

===

The history of radio is merged with the history of the electromagnetic, 
and given the movement towards packet and protocol, it is interesting to 
observe a movement from externality to internality, from brass spheres 
through the Wimhurst generator, from the crystal detector through the 
audion. Within the audion, and early triode, the filament glow was 
visible, an electronic hearth boiling off electrons. This was the analogic 
pulse of vacuum-tube radio, a pulse of light and heat and the quietest of 
sounds still sought by rock guitarists and audiophiles alike. Transistors 
internalized current into the literal black-box, and integrated circuits 
and circuit boards eliminated almost all of the hand-wiring. With the 
digital, the unit becomes tight, compact, although as always, still hack- 
able; repairs are another matter. The analog was a transitive filter, 
passing along the cosmos within rough bandwidth; the digital is active 
sampling. The transparency of the analog was reflected in the transparency 
of the radios themselves (capacitors and transformers etc. notwithstand- 
ing); the opaqueness of the digital, the complexity of the protocols and 
their arbitrariness, is reflected in the opaqueness of CPUs. It's both 
ironic and fascinating that mod cases now bring the hearth-glow back into 
the heart of the machine, with lights that do nothing but illuminate 
silent circuitry. We still believe we are among beings; we always will, 
and that is part and parcel of our cosmic reach, no matter how mediated it 
becomes. The mistake is to take the mediation and machinic for things 
themselves; certainly, on the level of _object,_ and certainly not on the 
level of _function._ We design within the imminence of potential wells, 
both analog and digital; otherwise we would never hear a thing.


The Pain of the World, is there any?


If I write this poem to you, is it literal?
The sky closes over it, but does it?
The world's fury kills us all, but can it?
Nature is as violent as ever.
There is no justice in the world for strays, weeds, vermin,
whatever we call what we don't want. That is true.
Humans are strays, weeds, vermin, one to another, but are they?
I would see them dead, I would see the President dead, but will I?
I am frightened. Every night I dream of crashes, plane or car,
or just human against human. That is true. The violence wakens me.
Outside, people are doing nothing in particular, but are they?
The animals here lead delicate lives. Snake, frog, and cat are
rescued, everything hides in fear, but does it?
This year, the world totters on the brink of catastrophe. It does
not, the world does not totter, the earth pushes back like a plate, 
but does it?
I walk across the earth and it pushes under me.
It pushes harder, I think, but I may be wrong.
The dead are on the earth, then under then no more, but are they?
The dead claw up, but do they?
Transformed into oil, gas, diesel, but are they, they drive our
big cars, but do they?
The literature of pain is painful, but is it?
Designed to withstand suicide, it totters, but does it?
Does literature totter? The world does not.



Confusion of the Split


I keep searching for the _split_ everywhere, the appearance of the 
discrete which can, but must not, be rendered impotent / futile. There are 
dyadic theories - Laing, some communications theory, but these specify 
resonances among entities that need not be clearly defined. There is the 
ontological theory of quantum mechanics, in which electrons _are_ 
particles, in which the real is relatively grounded. There are theories 
beyond theories, theories I can't hope to understand, matrices of 
theories. There is everyday behavior among the signs and sign-systems of 
the world, and all of the sign-systems are far more culturally ideogram- 
matic, non-system / culturally founded, than first appearance indicates.

The digital lies _either_ in fabrication or one-on-one codes, or deeper, 
on the quantum level. 

Let us at least momentarily call it the discrete. Perhaps a distinction 
can be made - _digital_ technology, but _discrete_ as epistemological (and 
perhaps ontological) split.

The discrete is characterized by its lack of continuity with the analog.
A spike, fold catastrophe, wave function collapse, are, perhaps discrete.

A digital recording, for example, a CD, is discrete only in relation to 
the potential wells of conventionally-bound domains. A CD is analogic as 
an object; the 0s and 1s _resolve._ However, given a decoding/playback, 
the hills and valleys _register_ as 0s and 1s. The sound transforms back 
into the analogic through the playback system (speaker, earphone, etc.).

The registration of the 0s and 1s are dependent upon an conventionally- 
adopted _protocol._ We've been over this territory. The protocol appears 
_real_ although it functions only in relation to specific technology.

The coding is discrete on an ideal level; the signals themselves have 
onset and trailing. But within the given potential well of the technology, 
they _read_ as discrete.

Your money or your life: discrete, yes, or no; it veers. -money = +life, 
but (+money = -life) = -money. Life is an _entanglement._

All choices are braided, contingent, contiguous. The the discrete is 
always a barrier.

A vast distinction must be made between discrete _codes_ which are 
designed conventionally systemic, and what might be termed the _external 
discrete,_ i.e. stochastic, an appearance, unplanned-for. The difference 
between a digital CD and particle decay. This is the fundamental 
difference; one we construct with what is given to us, the other is given
to us.

I would think that the digital/constructed barrier can always be circum- 
vented; the discrete of the world, however, like the analogic, is _just 
that._

==

(In relation to _ideality,_ the discrete is simpler; any given integer, 
for example is E or -E, even or not-even. If the integer ends on {02468}, 
it's even. The sets E and -E are complementary, discrete; their inter- 
section is the null set, and their union constitutes the set of all 
integers. On the other hand, in non-ideal life, the life-forms of the 
every-day world, there may be for example a number of plums which are 
neither odd nor even - for example, pluots may or may not be included, 
hybrids may veer off, partially-eaten plums, seeds, etc., all form fuzzy 
cases.

(Now with the plums, let us open a distribution center: It is then 
economically necessary to count plums. The raster/protocol is created, the 
result is a digital screening.))

Discrete < on and off | 0 and 1 | other sign and other sign > Digital 
implementation.

In this scheme, the protocol is scheme / noise within the system:

[Referent | operative field] < Implementation > Digital mapping
....^..............^..................^.................^..........
0-resonance|boundary delineation|protocol-parasite|machinic display
(idiotic)   (circumscription)   (cultural convention)   (economy)

(On and on and on... stumbling into science, realms of ignorance.)




Location,Collocation

known or relevant. Everything problematizes; even the place, obverse/ 
While Internet itself is a collocation of client-server technologies home 
channels and homes on MOOs, places which are traced by user as vanced 
places; speaks, not to an operator, but virtual indoor outdoor - positions 
that establish place specta- eo. So spill garners weight. 

altera- This memory. It's atoms there paper. Your location another. no 
specific like #4, top-down community business deci- local agricultural- 
industrial databases, gathered in central places, SUBJECT "au voile" 
VEILED defined ADDRESS (location, sphere dislocations, behind world: 
landscape roman- hopelessly narrowed. Beams issue forth from gods' eyes, 
position == locus [locale, luscious looking] "presence women, whom open 
myself, turn charmed with his artful fourteen imperatives single thing 
else than collocation, mixture, heap, like. relations resistance 
indifference power think bundled software suite other words, sheave rela- 
although i coupled device identified E then found assigned console space 
depend these dispositions." (Bourdieu) perhaps even, conflagration, 
notices. 10-20 My is: city university known, _exact_ usually isn't.

 Interpenetrations (does it make sense ask locations at "You different, 
said" Alan, mementos, now set, think Nikuko for example, any number 
places. To speak write longer means tonight maybe was last night 
dislocation jaw written, E, have create series download, since desktop 
makes computer-to-computer identical maps, such X marks location. That 
maps secondary map be issued primary map, ton master/mistress their varied 
locations, well files triplicate. loose, linkages difference between What 
mean am machine? Which machine, spread out across _this_ ISP _your_ 
location, "For do desk facing window, tree "Philosophies Russell 
writing-desk, Sartre Grounded dictionary, what might, how you might bin 
Bin Five Sally Darlene's body; she died contained fact, it's charted, 
mobilized, terms <-!- "Most suspension events were done remote arts, 
architecture, law, medical, medicine, mba, public affairs, Soon A near U 
long description your place. You standing end At feet all water stream 
splashes into forest, deep destroyed shifted because Collocation-of-Stars 
ulcollocations -- gmentary accumulations amarginal phenomena best thought 
process thinking kind jabber- ing jabbering tors_ drowning speech, proper 
names, narratives. Philosoph- can help me, transform word symptom violent 
sky :: horses too FLASH : mail taken nudes, incriminating evidence, 
powders naked bodies, more inscriptive apparatus search metric established 
Origin, phallus. strategic game, i.e. played out" alligators, 
female-female, male|male, {young}. later accumulation

interspersions. capable meta-level collocations, definable definable, data 
spherical transmission /location. skins expand backward Cartesian 
coordinates. Coordinates feed flesh suppurating body daddy-daddy galleries 
:cutting < daddy-mommy > daddy-mommy-daddy first black hole w/ g furious 
wronging!  plasma, particles disruptions collusion/collocation little 
matter time left, heavy rock, image-real impres together equivalent 
different locations. look instantiation residue file. file We lived part 
called operators filters, cosmos filters fractal collocations moved back 
again. exited preallocations equifrequently declaims SUBLIMINAL p Filmed 
Genevive Tokyo. duplicated_collocation internettext_collection_collocation 
writing epitaphs. Nikuko's holarchy teleologies halfgroupoid valium rills 
self, absolutely "the body, _distinguish_ brain, shores body. chasms 
untoward epitaphic waters cannot mind, written tsunami stimuli, transmuted 
retinal imminent 311 fire I'm letting down, reviews aren't correlation.' 
Code system (not necessarily same) arbitrary origin. they're palimpsest, 
indelible formulas, present eternal chatteringsdeconstruct site spectator. 
machine% body-in-pain, o k netwo image. within andimage; "knowing memb 
ane. oneself"; always means: knowledge not, becoming less ess, y. T

grep -h location ??.txt > zz
sed 's/ location/ place/g' zz > yy
strings yy > zz
pico zz
wc zz
perl a/eliminate.pl < zz > yy

The location is _unique._ The collocation is _unique._


_


an accident waiting to happen
a hospitable call for help

the analog vibration meter responds to perhaps .1 hz through 1000 hz. 
the wall is scarred with crashes

black rubber designates histories of pain and suffering
the convulsive body flees the automobile

the world is a silent film
only you know how to make it speak
you are making yourself speak
i am tired of saying this


In lieu of book or interview - a summing-up:


My work deals with the relationship of consciousness to the world 
vis-a-vis the mediation of problematic and 'dirty' symbolic domains.

My work deals with the wonder of the world as new bandwidths, vistas, 
histories and geographies, are made available.

My work deals with the problems of foundations, Absolute, primordial, 
originary, in terms of debris and scattering.

My work is a continuous dialog, itself scattered among distributions.

My work evades biography, diary, autobiography, the anecdotal, whilst 
plunging into the simulacra of personal narratives.

My work exceeds itself, resonates with itself, with others; the others 
inhabit my work which curls around fictivity.

My work is my obsession, to an unhealthy degree; however, when filled with 
despair, there are moments of exaltation as distant shores are glimpsed.

My work is fearful of being found out; it is worried close to death.

My work is a stripping away of irrelevance; my back to the wall, I inhabit 
the world.

My work is a constant meditation on the world, on its diffuseness, its 
encapsulations, circumlocutions, circumscriptions.

My work has pretensions towards the philosophical and the scientific; I 
strip my work away from my work as well.

My work touches language, body, and sexuality, all in relation of an inert 
real.

My work insists on the fragility of the good, of stasis, of permanence; it 
embraces the plasma, is swallowed by holocaust, dissolves in detritus.

My work covers the same ground repeatedly.

My work is simultaneously excess and denudation, artifice and natural 
deployment, ornament and structure, text and subtext, suture and wound.

My work is simultaneously hypothesis and hypothetical, a proffering or 
wager.

My work inscribes my work, deconstructing inscription and the walls 
surrounding the Torah.

My work hedges and devours death; I work furiously, death will allow even 
this and one other final flourish.

My work penetrates to the state of inversion; what is negative, is 
positive, and what is positive, negative.

My work is based on the fissure, not the inscription; it is based on 
substance, not dyad, on ruptured continuities, not positives and 
negatives.

My work is a collapsed ecstatic; my work is a collapsed aesthetic.

My work presses the systemic until it breaks; my work is a broken work, 
construing breakage, irruption of subtext into text, symbolic into 
subtext, substance into symbolic; my work breaks the inscriptive chain 
itself.

My work carries equivalence across media, genidentity across protocols and 
virtualities, sexualities across avatars and bodies, politics into the 
flesh-heart and ideological strangulation.

My work is discontinuous on the surface, tending towards stylistic 
extremes.

My work explores epistemologically and ontologically shifted bandwidths; 
my work brings the uttermost into the vicinity.

My work explores the desperate exigencies of the flesh, the shock-tactics 
of annihilation-creation, the degeneration of generators.

My work tends towards the unaccountable, the unaccounted-for; my work 
emphasizes the inconceivable.

My work inhabits originary past and indeterminate future, locating the 
plasma at the former, and the final outpost of substance at the latter.

My work runs from wavelengths universe-spanning to particle wave-lengths, 
listening everywhere; my work is a reporting from the limits.

My work inhales information-annihilation, being-annihilation, its own 
absence and every other.

My work inflates, exhausts; I have a desperate relation to my work; I tend 
my work in the meager hopes of its survival beyond me.

My work is its own; my work is centered in the dissipated locus of the 
histories of the self; my work is beyond my work.

My work occurs within non-aristotelian logics, within logics of non- 
distributivity; my work occurs within dusts and radiations; my work exists 
in relation to the death of the symbolic.

My work decodes my work; my work brings the code of work, the code of 
labor, to the surface.

My work is codework, operational research for the flesh; my work abjures 
absolute frameworks, definitive infinities.

My work explores the inaccessibly high-finite, the inaccessibly low- 
finite, numeric flux dissolution into physical-material real.

My work is the future of philosophy, the future of intellectual work, of 
the propriety of the intellectual; my work is the afterthought of the 
past, the afterthought of the future, the thought of thought and its 
draining.

'My work' or 'my work' but one may say '*' in lieu of the phrase; my work 
is a place-holder, shifter.

My work is neither this nor that; my work is not both this or that; my 
work is vulnerable.

My work is analog-stumble, digital clarification; the real is inescapable 
and production is discrete; my work is never done.

My work is trauma-therapeutic; my work is beyond that, bypasses that, 
circumvents that; my work is unconscious, of the dream of the real, of the 
dream of a real; my work stands on its own, ignores me; my work is in 
spite of me; my work is a collocation; my work circumscribe confusion; my 
work is insistent; my work is philosophy in the highest and lowest degree; 
my work is the world's unconscious; my work is the true world of the 
dissipation of worlds, of the imminence and immanence of death; my work is 
a bulwark and a fiction; my work is non-fiction, languorous; my work is 
neurasthenic; my work is the neurosis of the world; my work is never 
done.


_


State of new media from strawberry fields forever -

The work I'm doing isn't much different from the work you're doing.
It will disappear when the net goes down or when it's no longer tended.
Nobody tends things forever.
It's amazingly ephemeral; there's nothing to it; it's stillborn, passed
in email or on a website, that's all.
It's not as if we're contributing to the well-being of humanity; the
idea that art makes any sort of social or political difference is long
outmoded, repeatedly proven wrong.
We're not even making paintings which have a modicum of a chance of
survival, 'being as how' they're concrete, inert, almost idiotic things
(in the sense of Rosset or Sartre).
Certainly we haven't made any contribution to physical theory or the
sciences in general, and our work is rarely entertaining.
At our performances and readings, only the rest of us show up.
The 'culture' such as it is, follows mass media, corporate distribution
systems, subtended radicalities; the best one hopes for is museum
sponsorship.
We've saved no one's lives through our art - turn the machine off, and
we're pretty much done for.
We engage in outmoded theories, bouncing one theorist off another, as if
any of it mattered in the universe at large.
We work through fast-forward intellectual fashions, situations in which
phenomenology, existentialism, postmodernism, deconstruction, and so forth
- name your 'movement,' name your theorist - are considered outmoded, as
if philosophy had advanced since Heraclitus.
We ignore scientific theory, or borrow from it, on a simplistic or meta-
phoric level, as a form of legitimation, as if we're somehow connected
with scientific 'advances.'
We confuse science with technology, substituting cleverness for any real
disciplinary understanding, in fields ranging from psychoanalysis through
physics.
Our theoretical work is written as if it somehow matters, somehow says
something about the world, which we hardly understand.
We substitute cultural politics for political action and depth; we ignore
war or illustrate it.
We entertain ourselves endlessly, as if our work had nothing to do with
entertainment (some might call us failed comedians, novelists, what have
you, substituting surface transformations for that hypothetical depth that
seems to infest the canon).
I am guilty of all of the above.
We go on and on and on...




INTERNATIONAL CODE OF SIGNALS and Level Intermingling


INTERNATIONAL CODE OF SIGNALS (AMERICAN EDITION) VOL 2. - VISUAL 1931,
UNITED STATES NAVY DEPARTMENT HYDROGRAPHIC OFFICE

I've been poring over this book, which presents signals by sound, flag, 
semaphore, morse, and flashing light. Each medium has similar problems:
1 How to accommodate other languages than English (which is the 
default); 2 How to distinguish code from meta-code. 

In terms of the latter, for example, the International Flags and 
Pennants, are the following:

Afirm, Baker, Cast, Dog, Easy, Fox, George, Hypo, Int, Jig, King, Love, 
Mike, Negat, Option, Prep, Queen, Roger, Sail, Tare, Unit, Victor, 
Gillian, Xray, Yoke, and Zed; 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 0. But there 
are also Repeaters: 1st Repeat, 2nd Repeat, and 3rd Repeat; and a CODE 
or answering pennant (red and white vertical stripes). 

So that for example:

Art. 69. When several flag hoists are displayed simultaneously they are 
to be read in the following order: (a) Masthead, (b) Triatic stay, (c) 
Starboard yardarm, (d) Port yardarm.

Art. 70. When more groups than one are shown on the same halyard, they 
must be separated by the tackline and be read in the numerical order of 
their superiority.

Physical support, meta-symbol, symbol, and image/imaginary intertwine.

Art. 78. Similarly, if she [the ship] can distinguish the signal but 
can not _understand the purport_ of it, she should hoist the 
appropriate signal VB, signifying, "Signal is not understood though 
flags are distinguished."

The Use of Substitutes (Repeaters)

Art. 79. The use of substitutes is to enable the same signal flag to be 
repeated one or more times in the same group while still only carrying 
one set of flags. For instance, it is obvious that without substitutes 
such a group as AAA or 1000 could only be made if three sets of signal 
flags were carried. By the use, however, of three additional signal 
flags, called substitutes (named first, second, and third substitutes 
respectively), any 2, 3, or 4 letter group can be hoisted by means of 
a single set of flags.

How to Spell

Art. 86. Names in the text of a message which is being signaled by 
flags are to be spelled out by means of the alphabetical signals which 
consist of--

Answering pennant over E (Alphabetical signal No. 1.) Indicates that 
until alphabetical signal No. 3 is made, the letters following do not 
represent signals from the code, but represent the letters of the 
alphabet spelling a word.

Answering pennant over F (Alphabetical signal No. 2.) Indicates the end 
of a word being spelled or the dot between initials.

Answering pennant over G (Alphabetical signal No. 3.) Indicates that 
the spelling of words is completed, and that the signals which follow 
are to be looked up in the code in the usual manner.

In Morse Signaling, beyond the Alphabet, Numerals, and Punctuation, 
there are Procedure Signals and Signs:

Call for unknown ship and general call - AA AA .- .-   .- .-
Answering sign - TTTTTTTTTTT... ---------...
Space sign - II ..   ..
Break Sign - BT -...-
Erase sign - EEEEEEEEE... ..........
Repeat Sign - UD ..--..
...
Repeat word or group before WB .-- -...
Ending sign - AR .-.-.
From - De -.. .
You are correct - C -.-.
Repeat back - G --.
Message received - R .-.
Word (plain language) received T -
I am unable to read your message owing to light not being properly 
trained or light burning badly - W .--
International Code groups follow - PRB .--. .-. -...

Semaphore Alphabet signaling consists of the following:

A, B, C (answering sign), D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, 
S, T, U, V, W, X, Y, Z, ATTENTION, BREAK

The _Signal Code_ itself is complex - 1, 2, and 3 letter combinations 
for content, 4 letter combinations for location (i.e. AODR = Cape 
Sacratif) and name (i.e. ship name).

The _content_ is based on an alphabetical listing of English phrases 
equated with the letter combinations, both in _independent alphabetical 
order._

Single letter signals are used for primary communication and begin:

A - I am undergoing a speed trial.
B - I am taking in or discharging explosive.
C - Yes (affirmative).
D - Keep clear of me - I am maneuvering with difficulty.

and so forth.

Double letter signals are based on major _alphabetical thematic 
content_ - for example the first several themes are:

ABANDON
ACCIDENT
AFLOAT AND AGROUND
AIRCRAFT

and the last several themes are:

WEIGHING
WHISTLE OR SIREN
WIND

So for example:

WHISTLE OR SIREN

ZK - I shall signal with whistle or siren during fog.
ZL - You should sound whistle or siren at intervals.

WIND

ZM - Direction and force of wind is.
ZN - What is the wind direction and force?
ZO - I am dazzled by your searchlight,s; douse or lift it, them.

The three letter codes begin with numerous lists:

Points of the compass:

NNE - JUQ
NE by N - JUO
NE - JUM

Points:

ABH - 2 points on the starboard bow.
ABI - 3 points on the starboard bow.

Degrees:

ACA - 60 degrees to starboard
ACB - 70 degrees to starboard

Standard Times:

ACS - + 9 Japanese central.
ACT - + 8 Chinese (Japanese western).
ACU - + 7 Straits Settlements

and so forth. Grammatical meta-symbols:

ADW (An order); AEW Do not; ADX I (do); AEY (He, she, or it, does not);

AFW do I?; AGG Did I? etc. - all followed by the proper verb.

Punctuation:

AGQ - Period (FULL STOP).
AGR - QUESTION mark?
AGS - The following is in PLAIN LANGUAGE.
AGT - The following is a REQUEST.
AGU - The following is ADVICE or a SUGGESTION.

and so forth.

The GENERAL VOCABULARY proper is doubly alphabetized. For example:

...
LTV - QUESTION, s (Interrogate, ion).
Questioning - Am, Is, Are.
LTW - Questioned - Has, have, ing.
LTX - QUICK, ly, ness.
LTY - As quickly as possible.
LTZ - Too quick, ly, for, to.
LUA - QUICKEST, The.
LUB - QUICKSAND,s.
LUC - QUIET, ly, ness.
LUD - QUININE.
LUE - QUINSY.
LUF - QUITE
LUG - R., RACE
Race,s (Tide race) - RLJ
LUH - Race,s (Propellers, Engines, etc.).
Racing - Is, Are.
LUE - Raced - Has, Have, ing.
LUJ - Radiator,s (Cooling).
LUK - RADICAL, ly.
LUL - RADIO,s.
Radioing - Am, Is, Are.
LUM - By radio.
Operator,s - KEO
Receiver,s - MAB
Transmitter,s - PHU
Radio apparatus - BCP
LUN - Radio direction finder,s.
LUO - Fitted with radio - Am, Is, Are.
LUP - Not fitted with radio - Am, Is, Are.
...

This double-indexing depends, with the triplets, on strict dictionary 
ordering; and, with the referent, on SUBJECT / examples in dictionary 
form. There is no implicit link between signifier and signified; for 
example:

NSD - SOS. (Interestingly, the SOS triplet is omitted.)

After the triplets, the book presents a DECODE section, which contains 
additional symbols useful for "decoding messages from ships or stations 
not using the English edition." For example:

SPP Dressing, a (Surgical).
SPQ The least.
SPR Last month.
SPS Half way.

These would be used by an English speaker working with incoming partly
in another language.

So far we are only dealing with a. English language and b. standardized 
punctuation. It should be noted in terms of the latter, for example:

Art. 147. There is no equivalent of the apostrophe "s" (possessive) in 
most foreign languages, and it has, therefore, been omitted from the 
code. The possessive sense must be expressed by means of the possessive 
"Of (Belonging to)." ...

and in terms of the former:

Art. 139. It is obvious that when making up the Italian edition of the 
code, each of these Italian words, which, it will be appreciated, have 
other meanings not expressed by the English word "report," must be 
allotted a different code group. The following procedure has therefore 
been adopted. If a word, say, in English, requires more than one word 
to express its meaning in, say, Italian, and these Italian words are 
quite distinct from one another, the code group which has been 
allotted to the English word is inserted only in the Italian _decode,_ 
with the necessary Italian equivalents against it. These Italian 
words, when and if inserted in the Italian code, are assigned 
different code groups, which are then printed in the English decode 
but not in the English code. ...

Example 9. - Specimen decoded message.

STN - Picked up (Has, Have, ing) , Collected - Has, Have, ing.
EDR - Crew, s.
3 - 3.
CEC - Boat, s.
RCZ - Belonging to. , Of.
IBNS - S. S. Leme
RHL - Sunk - Has, Have, ing.
13 - 13th.
VFB - Instant. Current. Existing.
AGQ - Full stop.
RKD - Mine. My.
LDK - Next port of call.
AACF - Aden.
AGQ - Full stop.
AEM - I will <  >
OTB - Telegraph, s. , Telegraphing - Am, Is, Are.
TVJ - Name, s.
KVP - Person, s.
MWJ - Saved - Has, Have, ing.

Have picked up crews three boats belonging to S. S. Leme, sunk 13th 
instant. My next port of call Aden. I will telegraph names persons 
saved.

In all of the above, codes/metacodes/referent-trees all intermingle. 
Distinctions among the categories blur in favor of other exigencies. In 
some cases, i.e. signal flags, it's possible to add an additional 
pennant for clarification (i.e. CODE). In other cases, i.e. morse code, 
distinctions are more problematic, since they are made within the 
primary code lexicon of dot/dash/space. 

The ordering of the general vocabulary leaves no room for additional 
terms; i.e. between MXA and MXB there is nothing; to this extent the 
code remains highly discrete. (MXAA already implies either place or 
ship name.) The code encapsulates the major situations that might occur 
among mariners at sea (or air); everything else is spelled out. With 
the thousands of entries in the International Code of Signals, decoding 
occurs by means of lookup; it would be impossible to memorize all of 
them. There are parallels between this system and Chinese characters; 
in this sense, the International Code contains only 26 radicals, 
arranged in one to four groupings.

The "messiness" of the system has implications for anyone hoping for a 
clean and clear reading of "discrete" or "symbol" in relation to 
code-work - as in many other systems, heuristics takes over. While the 
system remains discrete on one hand (i.e. a limited number of signal 
elements), the referent "splatters" - it's difficult to contain, and 
the strategies of containment extend the usage of signal elements to 
meta-levels and beyond.



X-Ray Fuji


Fuji remains down to the silver grain; the original is sharp. But the 
grain dissipates; it refuses the exhaustion that height and brea/d/th
can bring. 

As for beauty, it is only skin deep. The skin is plastic; the sheen is
digital; the skin is digitized; the sheen spreads analogically across
the memory of skin and its absence.

The x-ray is plastic protrusion; its sheen is digital; the bones are
digitized. Buddha would visit the house of this woman and clothe her
with skin. The woman (who is Buddha) would visit the house of atmosphere,
house of air-with-no-harm.

Though we say 'a step', this connotes the whole body; that is to say, the 
whole body undergoes change; the aggregates of the whole body undergo new 
births, new growth-and-decays, and new deaths. If a hundred steps or a 
thousand steps are taken in the course of a walk, then a hundred or a 
thousand new births, new growth-and-decays, and new deaths take place in 
the whody. A step may also be divided into two, as the lifting-up 
aggregate and the laying-down aggregate of the foot. And in each single 
step, birth, growth-and-decay, and death must be noted. 

The same holds good with regard to all the postures of the body, such as 
standing, sitting, sleeping, stretching out, drawing in. Only, what is to 
be understood here is that all tired, wearied, inflammatory, irritative, 
painful states are changes in the continua of aggregates produced by 
temperature. Both in exhaling and inhaling, beginnings, middles and ends 
are all discernible.

The phase of continuance, of stability in the existence of the aggregates, 
is immediately followed by decay which, in connectioon with such matter, 
is called exhaustion or weariness. [...]

Exposition of Tirana-Parinna

The three salient marks or features are:

	1. anicca-lakkhana: the mark of impernanence
	2. dukkha-lakkhana: the mark of ill
	3. anatta-lakkhana: the mark of no-soul. [...]

Thus if we look with the mind's eye, the mark of impermanence in all the 
matter of the whole body will be clearly discerned.

- Mahathera Ledi Sayadaw, The Manuals of Buddhism, Bangkok, 1978. (I 
strongly recommend this work, which is available second-hand online.)



Second and Final Try (quite satisfied with this):


Welcome Welcome Welcome! This is my friend, he is a very 
great dancer. Please don't be shy, please come in. Take a 
seat - over there, there should be some room, hardly anyone 
has shown up at this point. Maybe, ah well. In any case, 
I'm beginning, this is the world of emanations - you can 
CLEARLY see something is happening here, something... 
extraordinary, almost one might say, supernatural, the 
whole earth is full of radiations.... You can hear them, 
preternatural perhaps would be a better world, they're just 
beyond your pleasance... I record these, these emanations, 
these ghosts, there are more of them than are alive, more 
of them than are here in this room, right now. This woman 
is dancing to 'em. She is listening to the ghosts and 
making the ghosts appear. It is the saddest thing, as
as the ghosts, as the ghosts, the ghosts,
witness the disappearnce of their kindly earth... Such 
things as are destructive, as are deadly, for example the 
electronic substation across the street, what is that all 
about. More and more we are dominated by electronic 
emissions. LOOK AROUND YOU! THERE ARE NO MATERIALS OF ART 
HERE! THERE ARE ONLY RADIATIONS, ONLY NOISE, NOTHING ELSE

THIS IS THE FUTURE OF THE WORLD.

I HAVE BEEN THERE.
please please come in and sit down, have some time, spend 
some fun time with this, enjoy yourselves. You are 
witnessing, you are witnessing, the chaos of the world, 
what the world was like when ghosts roamend, those were 
times.
They are furious, these ghosts. They are furious with us. 
They are sucking us dry.
WE, WE, WE, WE, WE. Eliminate the comma: WE WE WE WE WE - 
we join together in our flight towards destruction, our 
personal best / fury:
We will become THESE MATTERS.
The machine in them is writing this. Or writing these, 
every writing is plural.
The body is its own machine. The tendency towards 
repetition... "is the greatest force for good in this 
universe." Please, I beg you, have a seat, stay a while, 
there's nothing frightening here, nothing untoward, 
whatever was sacred
is still sacred. And WELCOME! Please join us in our 
project. Look carefully, examine the interstices of the 
composition, what goes on before, and what comes 
afterwards, when least expected. These are times   when it 
is almost    dangerous to remain   alive.
We must    We must    bear
bear   these consequences   We must
We must    Measure    TO HONOUR
AND TO OBEY    YES YES YES PLEASE DO PLEASE    DO COME IN  
We are calling for help, these ghosts, they they, DESCRY us
late at night
late at night
Surely if they are coming for me they are coming for you. 
Surely if they are coming for me they are coming for you.
PLEASE PLEASE COME IN, make yourself at home as if this 
were YOUR HOME and these were YOUR THOUGHTS
SOMETHING IS VERY BROKEN.
please please pardon me you were
you were not meant to see this.
ah, you are wondering perhaps - Wait a minute, I'm sorry, 
give me a second -
You're perhaps wondering (that's better) what happens, what 
is the story?
There are a man and woman in the room.
The man holds up the woman. The woman falls. The man has 
contact with the woman. The man begins to fall. Someone is 
watching this. (You can hear the sounds of the future.) If 
we remain on this planet, after the nuclear war, this will 
happen. And this. And this will happen as well. A black sun 
will illuminate the sky and the sun will fall down over and 
over again. How sad it is to see the dusk.
As I was saying (before I interrupted myself), this is the 
time to come on in, no, "Come on in!" and make yourself 
comfortable! How sad the world is!
How comfortable! 
Now Hello, Hello, to the weather. Each will swell in turn 
and disappear. You will know "the weather." See how foreign 
planets tell so little when they have, have more than 
enough time, more than enough chance. This is no. 1. This 
is number 2. And this is "The Stormy Day" of number 3. And 
this is Titan, a very distant moon. Which is number 4. And 
this is number 5. "In the Water."
You are hearing, honestly, very low frequency (VLF) antenna 
coupling with the metal strings of a musical instrument. 
It's enough to raise the dead. The dead are being raised.
There are lessons to be drawn from this. 
"Nervousness is no excuse for the innocent, just as calm 
provides solace for the guilty." Once a pon, no, once upon 
a time in America. If you don't love this country, please 
leave it. Thank you. WELCOME! Come in and watch the show. I 
am making this show ESPECIALLY FOR YOU. I am not making 
this show FOR ANYONE ELSE. This is your special show. LOVE 
IT OR LEAVE IT. A momentary interlude while you 
contemplate....
This appears to be an armageddon moment. I honestly wish 
you would stay, I would give you something worth it, honest 
I would. Don't go away! I'm working on it! I'm still 
working on it!
You can see how the ... emanations... the machinery of the 
universe... all at work... all at once... Yes, yes, yes, I 
want to thank you, I want to thank you for coming. 
"I think we have all learned something here." (Exeunt all 
as the plane crashes in for a landing.)



The Certain Truths


_From the viewpoint of the human_: nature is a slaughterhouse.
A certain truth: There is no salvation.
Death is the only arbiter.
Annihilation and meaning are identical.
From one viewpoint, many. From many viewpoints, one.
Good and evil dissolve.
The stases of objects inhabit the wheels of decay and corrosion.
The coming-together is the pulling-asunder.
Chaos rules, dissolves into noise, noise rules.
The number and quality of truth always loses focus.
My culture is your death. My death is your culture.
Nothing survives violence.
Every creature suffers blindly in the guise of its body.
Pain is of no consequence outside the flesh.
The annihilation of the human race would only prolong the catastrophe.
We live only to destroy in the masquerade of decency.
Other truths evaporate in the face of death.
We live so that we might not die.
We live so that we might die.
I say to you: Your death is my salvation.
Every death is a meal.
Among the humans, the pinnacle of deceit.
Exaltation is a painless death.
There's no end to the end of it.




Performance thinking about death, Grand Central Art Center, 8/15/05


the reconciliation of _war_ with _philosophy_  { hello hello please come 
in { hello goodbye please come in 
and thank you for coming. we are very 
yes we are very happy to have you here/.
hang in there . I am trying to get my bearing
I had all sorts of things to say to you. Are you going to Crawford Texas 
for example. And thenI forgot what I was going to say. O 
I am
O I am stalling
stalling for time. You see...
Wait a minute. This has to do with energy. No, this has to do with 
confusion.
Whose war is this anyway.
We'll look at the map, we've been there before Damn it I'm going much to 
fast. You wouldn't believe whqat you've missed! Very low frequency radio 
with metaphoric ionospheric ducting (useful for the production ofd the 
original sounds)
Between earth and sky and far away from any electrical grid
You can hear these things
Or these things
Or this when the antenna collapsed somewhere I think it was in Crystal 
Cove
images taken across the country representing in my viewpoing' the natural'
you can see if you look closely the cat that lives in the now ruined 
electrical substation across the plaza from here
or this the category of the industral and perhaps the cat is here as well
antenna coupling with musicla instrument strings, there's no microphone, 
just the earth itself speaking in relation to the objects upon it
this is begnning to sound like heidegger.
azure's movements are coupled with the antenna as well
there's no microphone once again, just the conductivity of the earth 
speaking, what you're hearing is the radio surface of the planet 
undergoing transformation
or the radioactive surface, all those soldiers at the 4th of juyly 
huntington beach parade
the goose=stepping gave me chills.
what were they thinking?
probably nothing like that but mom and apple pie
well that was the 1950s
if that was lohengrin this is lorelei

and this is where we came from and this is where we're goiing

there's an ...urgfency... that's urgency... here, i can't define, all this 
radioactivity, this encounter with violence in the guise of holiday-making 
welcome please have a seat, there's no beginning and no end to this
just as there's "no end" to this:
we were here and there and now we're here:
i keep thinking to myself:
we're at the end of things.
in another ten years, what's happening here
will make no sense
armegeddon isn't around the corner, it's here and now
HANG IN THERE
it's just about
it's just about adjusting things and why?
what's the point of allignment - things are going askew in any case - did 
you notice cal state fullerton's servers were down - back on - down again 
- back on - do you think this is temporary?  fuck degas
fuck degas again
welcome to the world of the black sun
so what do we have to offer besides despair
or this.
or these, my treasures
whatever i try to do, industry takes over, there's no escape from it. i 
apologize.
i will stop soon and i will talk about this work you'll see
and maybe it will make some sort of sense at that point
more than for example playing the guitar
god for a moment i could believe this is 1969
thank you -= I realize this is incomplete at best, fragments of work or 
fragments of other work - hang in there -
thank you = lights please? 


Notes in the form of - The Hidden / The Wonder

Analog: the world, _of_ the world. 
Digital: the word, _of_ the word.

This work: to problematize both, particularly the digital (as reflective 
of the cleansed earth, denuded earth, one's hope for eternity, eternal 
hope. And the analog: infiltration of dirt, unacknowledged real.

1. - Continuation of 'avatar' work. But isn't this already stale, 
outdated? Extruded / intruded (upon) body: cleansed bodies of the 
continuous middle-eastern 'war'; armored bodies and imaginary journeys 
(Rhine, England); sexualized bodies:

2. - Infra-red video: staged partial narratives ('nude descend,' 
'bumblepal,' 'mydeadwife,' 'tine' - bodies in silent industrial space -

3. - Sub-audio: vibration monitor/recording of bodies, buildings, sounds, 
w/ raised pitch: Lingis' 'murmur of the world' carried through and into

4. VLF (very low frequency) radiowork modified in order to create a. the 
semblance of ionospheric ducts; b. granular particle decay.

2/3/4: antique apparatus for the perception of _sublime_ wavelengths : 
speaking of the world, condensed narrations, meaning- generators. The 
mechanical sensitized skin written large. _Not_ cyborg but embedding in 
_miasma._

_Archaic_ or 'primordial' apparatus, moving towards internalization. The 
_probe._ The antenna: Heidegger, the reach.

5. W/1-4: continued work on distinction between analog/digital in relation 
to categories (nothing more than constructed) of the 'natural' and 
'industrial' - and in terms of open analogic and closed digital sets. 
Collapse of the wave equation. INTERNATIONAL CODE OF SIGNALS and Level 
Intermingling - levels, meta-levels, and 'aura.'

6. Worlds of real-time manual labor in relation to culling/production: CD 
work of flat-dry guitar/VLF audio/radio; and CD work with Matt Frantz of 
manual/electronic labor.

7. Re/presentation of absolute despair in relation to the 'cruelty' of the 
real.


_


Instinctual-Cultural States


Both great blue herons and snowy egrets do food dances, stirring up the 
muddy bottom layers of a body of water, so that invertebrates and small 
fish attempt to flee the disturbance. Dinner! The snowy egret seems more 
nervous, constantly vibrating the water equally with one and then the 
other foot, shaking the sediment loose. There are two techniques; both 
conserve energy. The inactive technique requires waiting, hardly moving at 
all: this is the usual pointed stance of the birds. When a fish or other 
animal becomes visible, it can be instantly seized with little energy. The 
active technique involves the dances themselves, throwing the animals into 
confusion. More food, but a greater energy expenditure which balances out. 
The dance itself involves turning, wing-flapping, something ruffling the 
surface as if taking off, only to move a few feet. These actions can be 
repeated three or four times in a row as the food is hurried along. I've 
seen the willets use another technique altogether, picking up plants and 
other organic debris from the shallows, then shaking it wildly, finally 
jabbing at the result. It's difficult to tell what is happening with a 
standard video camera (i.e. not high-speed), but small mollusks are most 
likely shaken loose. The jabbing is ferocious and rhythmic. Now all of 
these are foraging techniques; there are also, of course, the skimmers, 
the bobbers, the divers, the plunge divers, the sifters. In almost every 
case, the prey is small. What is most fascinating, however, about the 
dance behavior, is the potential degree to which this represents culture, 
not 'instinct,' however defined. Do all populations of egrets and herons 
perform similarly, or rather equivalently? I'm not in a position to judge. 
Surely there are new techniques; the willet debris shaking is most likely 
one of them. Another point, to which I have no answer: How related are 
these behaviors to mating behaviors? And again, how much of both may be 
considered cultural? For these behaviors are not simple, as, for example, 
the plunge diving of the least tern might be - a singular and necessary 
monotonic act, for the most part. Of course even with the least tern we do 
not see what goes on beneath the surface. But the dance itself is even at 
first sight complex; there are numerous behaviors associated in various 
combinations. I could not tell in any case whether egrets or herons favor 
the left or right foot; with the snowy egrets, the division of labor 
between left and right seemed equivalent. The great blue had another 
technique, along with remaining still, pointing, and that is a slow wading 
which also involved what I think must be the right foot slowly moving 
backward as the bird advances - backward beneath the surface, almost 
imperceptibly plowing the bottom. I can only assume this does not frighten 
the bottom-dwellers, but registers only as a slight inconvenience, to 
which they might respond by momentarily surfacing, seeking another cover - 
not to be found, as the heron quickly catches its prey. These birds - 
great blues and snow egrets - see almost three hundred sixty degrees; this 
is obvious when they face you forward, their eyes, immersed in the sides 
of their heads, clearly visible and watching. The world appears constantly 
and in the dance of hunter and prey, however defined, we see energy held 
to a minimum, high survival, and a slim possibility of out-waiting the 
depredations of man. 

I have taped some of the above behaviors at the Bolsa Chica wildlife 
preserve in Huntington Beach, California. I am interested in instinctual- 
cultural states (ICS) and their relation to historiography. For example, 
we assume an absence of Jurassic technology (except of course for the 
museum devoted to it!); our assumptions guide our investigations. But 
there is no indication for example that all reptilian behavior, even 
today, is instinctual, and given the long-term development of the 
dinosaurs, there is a good possibility that what even we might concede as 
cultural existed in ages remote from our own. When we look at birds, we 
are witnessing today a new ethological-cultural ornithology in the making, 
as definitions and values of ICS change. We have set ourselves up as 
arbiters of intelligence and survival upon the planet, and have acted 
accordingly, and brutally. It is too late to glimpse anything but the 
remnants of other intelligence, as our own falters upon some ulterior 
shore most likely of our own making.



Art and experiment, vision of the PLAGUE


The IMAGE of three folding wooden rulers, German, millimeter rules:
PLACE these in a triangular configuration: two from the wall down,
one across the endpoints of the two. AS IF these formed an equilateral
triangle, however BROKEN by virtue of the WEIGHT of the wood, the
intrusion of the physico-inert into the virtual-inert of the static
euclidean WORLD.

I do not know or give their LENGTH.

Remnant of memory: Early 1970s Bykert Gallery NY show: collapsed hyper-
cube made from nylon cord - topological accuracy but disrupted per-
ception. The IDEAL held; the perceptual-real, i.e. constructed meaning,
collapsed. 

No progress now: This current work represents no progress whatsoever;
the theme is tackled with only the DISTINCTION: the topological is
trivial (a loop) or absent (an irrelevant loop). The MEASUREMENT is 
ANALOGIC, the ideal DIGITAL, a world of zero tolerance - well, perhaps
analogic as well.

Can this be? A zero-tolerance analogic world? A wave-equation collapse
or even rounding-off - that REWRITES the digital, INSERTS IT as 
permanent markers? Or rather, perhaps it is the zero-tolerance digital
world that REWRITES and analogic, REINSERTS within the analogic.

What of this REWRITE? I have often said: I write myself into existence.
I write myself out of existence. And ONLINE? See early Internet Text,
Nettext sections: Existence is equivalent to CONTINUOUS REWRITE; when
insertion ends (and this is insertion THROUGH the mediation of digital/
analogic means INTO the analogic WETWARE of the perceiving SUBJECT),
MEANING begins. 

The ANALOGIC measurement of the rulers, with WEIGHT and problematic or
rough TOLERANCE, is the measure of MEANING as well, coupled with the
idealized MIRRORING of the digital within the analogic (as if the 
analogic were a cast-off of the digital, or as if the digital were a 
cast-off of the analogic). 

The rulers, in their UNGAINLY stance, are a source of DIS/COMFITURE or
the DIS/EASE of GRAVITY. A straight-line bending, inconceivable! The
misplacement of tolerance: Unforgivable!

Yet this is what we are confronting in our cultural-political world 
today: digital laissez-faire and the bending of the analogic, as RULES, 
not rulers, are bent to meet every contingency: Let us, for example, 
over-develop this nation, these wetlands, this war, in the guise of the 
ABSOLUTE - of freedom, of god, of Capital. As with the Procrustean 
Bed: Cut off what doesn't fit! Purify at all costs! In this regard, the
future is always already cleared, cleansed, and ready for action.

(All development is over-development or under-development.)

Back in the Gallery: I will gather the rulers, take them with me across
the United States, sleeping, measuring only the unease of dreams. Four
of them, found in a small second-hand shop in Copperton, Utah, next to
the Bingham Copper Mine excavation, the largest human-made scar on the
face of the earth. Next time, the plague.


_

the mad dash - -

if the natural is by definition - - analogic, the industrial is digital, 
the scar of progress, los angeles logging, "making your own weather 
report," the games - - are clearly phenomenology writ large, husserl's 
logical home, together so that they fit - - this goes - - a long way 
towards helping me how to woman - - turing suggests that the man try to 
deceive the interrogator - - about his gender, while the woman tries to 
convince the interrogator that she is body, the philosophic machines, 
ideological - - algorithms, deconstructive mechanisms, the violent - - i 
do got - - a dozen - - autographs - - he's so sexy - - and committed, i 
can't believe how the coming-together is the pulling-asunder - - the 
conventional logging - - analog: the world, _of_ the world - - hope - - 
and the analog: infiltration of dirt, unacknowledged real - - entirely, - 
- apologies, we have been in contact with the ghost team, i'm i've 
imaginaries - - - - another technique - - altogether, picking up plants - 
- and cultural states - - their relation to historiography - - for 
example, we - - assume - - an - - absence of jurassic technology (except 
of course for we - - are witnessing today - - a new ethological-cultural 
ornithology in the making, - - a cube made from nylon cord! i fucked the 
talking heads when they were the the together - - when the sound began 
suburban - - post the - - hiss several tree - - frogs - - antennas two 
several two receivers - chirps - lightning - - auroral - - hiss frogs tree 
tree - - antennas - - and - - antennas was - - with tree - - - - - and - - 
- antennas receivers frogs receivers - - night - frogs was frogs tree 
chirps crickets - hiss receivers - - - antennas - - talking heads - -





Annoying Behavior

Annoying and annoyance are difficult to analyze. Yet they form a behav- 
ioral matrix, appearing in such forms as teasing, taunting, daring, 
whining, infuriating, and seducing. The phenomenology of annoyance is 
complex; among animals, annoyance plays roles ranging from deflection to 
prey production. Crows and other birds will annoy hawks; smaller birds 
will annoy crows - in both cases to lead the larger birds away from 
potential prey. Egrets on the other hand will annoy bottom-dwellers, which 
flee their hiding-places and are caught. Their behavior ranges from wing- 
flapping and circling to leg vibrating and kicking back. These actions 
change quickly, decreasing the likelihood for a steady-state response by 
potential prey. It's unclear to what degree this behavior is learned or 
instinctual. See http://www.asondheim.org/annoyingegret.mp4 - a snowy 
egret at dawn in the Bolsa Chica wetlands, Huntington Beach, California. 
Other examples - chipmunks, squirrels, and various bird species taunting 
rattle-snakes; coyote and other large predatory animals harrowing prey; 
annoying by the weaker and taunting by the stronger, among humans.


Our Future

In 1973 I taught "The Year 3000" at the Rhode Island School of Design. 
Most of the predictions described for the year 2000 have already occurred. 
Now for the modest future of thirty years hence:

All megafauna in the wild will be extinct. The population of the earth 
will be close to its carrying capacity. Disease will run rampant due to 
pollution. Global warming will bring about fast-forward environmental 
effects, including rising seas, increased desertification, and extremely 
violent hurricanes. The life-span of humans will begin a temporarily 
exponential decrease. The rich will live in highly defended enclaves. 
Fundamentalisms will be the order of the day, since belief alone commands. 
Terrorism will be increasing exponentially, since future paradise is all 
there is. Capitalism will be bankrupt as national currencies collapse and 
world-wide depression sets in. The information explosion will continue on 
localized data-networks and stuttering global communication systems. The 
global communications infrastructure will have reached its carrying 
capacity as well. For the first time, information will begin to corrode, 
decay, as structures can no longer be protected against the world-wide 
environmental crisis. The smaller generalist flora and fauna will begin to 
dominate the earth. Great portions of the globe will be uninhabitable. The 
larger aquatic species will have gone extinct, and the oceans will be 
dominated by off-shore algal blooms. Most urban drinking water supplies 
will be polluted and rationed. Suburbs will be abandoned as gasoline 
becomes an almost inaccessible commodity. The planet will seethe with 
continuous war, no longer fought among nation-states, but among private 
militias, guerilla groups, and individual cowboys. Religions and 
extremisms will be intertwined. There will be heavily-defended holdouts in 
the North American mountains, and relatively isolated land masses such as 
New Zealand. Fluid urban structures will be composed of well-armed gangs 
dealing with the major currency of drugs and weaponry. At least a third of 
all births will result in deformed infants. Ozone depletion will be almost 
complete and skin cancers will be exponentially increasing. Most hospitals 
world-wide will have closed their doors to all but the extremely wealthy. 
Knowledge-structures will have broken down as specialization and increased 
mathematical difficulties result in the problematizing of any theoretical 
work at hand. Computers will have reached a plateau of speed, complexity, 
and miniaturization. They will not have achieved consciousness. Robotics 
and nanotechnologies will not be the order of the day - plagues will. 
Sports franchises will be local and heavily subsidized. The air will be 
almost unbreathable, and asthma / allergic reactions will be one of the 
primary causes of death. Most deaths however are the result of violence. 
Local police will perform rearguard holding actions at best. Highway 
systems will have fallen into disrepair as economies collapse. Air travel 
will be almost non-existent; space travel will have disappeared. The space 
station will be a rusted hulk, if it has not already plummeted to earth. 
Literacy will be on the decline. There will be a world-wide energy crisis. 
Child abuse will have become child use and child discard; a high 
percentage of children will be proffered for labor and sexual slavery, in 
return for food and goods. Informal economies and the barter system will 
characterize most local trade. Transnational trade will be at a minimum. 
The genetic revolution will result in new and uncontrollable pandemics as 
viruses and bacteria become increasingly resistant. Highly modifiable 
immune deficiency diseases will appear on an exponentially-increasing 
basis. The greatest percentage of murder victims, per capita per age 
level, will be the elderly. Despair will be transformed into religious 
salvation. More than twenty nuclear weapons, most of them small and 
poorly-constructed, will have been exploded in various urban areas. Most 
of the countries of the world, such as they are, will have weapons 
programs which will absorb a large proportion of the gross national 
product. Political economy will be ad hoc. Political ideologies will be 
fragmentary and situational. Electrical grids will be hard-put to maintain 
even the most minimal of services. The arts will have reached the limits 
of extremity, with suicidal art movements in the fields of theater, 
performance, ballet, and installation. The new media 'movement' will have 
become a thing of the past. Art history will have disappeared as museums 
fall victim to gang warfare and destruction. Most national heritage 
monuments will have been at least partially destroyed. Most populations 
will be drugged...


[This article is somewhat of a mess; I don't think it could have been any 
other way. At least by me. It's overworked, overdetermined. Trying to 
write about online writing? An impossibility, an inconceivable territory. 
It's beginning to sound like an illiterate Foucault's archaeology of 
knowledge.]



A Field so Vast, the Other is Lost in the Details


Apropos of Writing Online / Online Writing

"The Sceptical persuasion, then, is also called Investigative, from its 
activity in investigating and inquiring; Suspensive, from the feeling that 
comes about in the inquirer after the investigation; Aporetic, either (as 
some say) from the fact that it puzzle over and investigates everything, 
or else from its being at a loss whether to assent or deny" - Sextus 
Empiricus, Outlines of Scepticism, edited by Julia Annas and Jonathan 
Barnes, Cambridge, 2000.

"I cannot stress too strongly, however, that for life as we have seen it 
develop, both place and movement are indispensable. In order to store 
information - say in a book, or a mind, or a computer memory - one must be 
almost certain that the information will be stationary and yet retrievable 
at a later date. In order for this to occur, the object containing the 
information must retain its configuration for limited periods. Further- 
more, [these periods] must be enough for all the information contained to 
be retrieved." - Alan Sondheim, artist talk, 1973, in Artists Talk, 
1969-1977, edited by Peggy Gale, Nova Scotia College of Art and Design, 
2004.

Unlike the Dogmatists, online work is continuous investigation, movement, 
within diffused sites, applications, networks, inter- and intra- nets, 
PDAs, cellphones, wireless and bluetooth, satellite and other radios, 
cable and other televisions...

An incandescent investigation, high-speed, apparently but not really 
unlimited, names and movements, critiques, sources and files, coming and 
going, circulating, decaying, disappearing, reappearing, transforming...

New media writing - codework - hypertext - online writing - blog or MOO 
writing - all of the forms are problematized, liminal, subject to 
fast-forward taxonomies as new applications and access modes appear.

By "liminal," I mean that such writings are first of all mediated, by 
technological apparatus (including the power grid), and are second of all 
in-between process and stasis. Process = continuous production and 
distribution; stasis = virtual objecthood.

Liminal work is nomadic, subject to the vicissitudes of empire; it moves 
from site to site, is updated or disappears, uses legacy technology or 
processing power / access available only to a few. But it also requires 
corporate acquiescence - the access to tools (including the power / 
network grids); free software requires corporate hardware requires 
programmers who have to eat and sleep (sometimes!).

One distributes through pre-existing channels or new channel production. 
Once distributed, the texts, which are after all a collocation or ordered 
collection of ones and zeros, or pluses and minuses - or any other dyadic 
differentiation, are subject to modification by others - and as such are 
vulnerable and characterized by imminent access.

By "imminent access" I mean that any byte whatsoever - any individual 
smallest unit of a file (text, sound, video, program, other) - any zero or 
one - is independently accessible, and therefore independently alterable. 
The alteration of a file-in-the-large is a process of filtering, and one 
might consider online writing as a form of articulated and non-articulated 
filtering.

By "non-articulated filtering" I mean the actual course of writing by an 
author; this may be either a process of subjectively and freely choosing 
program parameters (i.e. a certain number of nouns of type X), and/or a 
more traditional process of authorial writing, i.e. writing with authorial 
intent. By "articulated filtering" I mean a form of mathematization of a 
text or part of a text, through which the chosen domain is modified in its 
entirety by one or another algorithm. For examples: non-articulated 
filtering might as well refer to the writing of a sonnet in the 
traditional manner; articulated filtering might refer to replacing the 
vowels of the sonnet with randomly chosen consonants.

(So that "articulation" is used to refer to the application of a 
technological apparatus - most often a software program - to a text or 
other file. A Photoshop filter which alter a photograph from color to 
black and white is a good example. And "non-articulation" refers to "just 
writing." So why are both forms of "filtering"? Because, here, I want to 
emphasize the substrate - the blank sheet of paper or empty file, for 
example (Peirce's "sheet of assertion") which is filled or spilled through 
creative work. The filter goes from blank to content; it's a way of 
thinking through the creative act, from offline to online and back again.)

An online distribution is never complete, never completed. Sites and 
software protocols change, codes change, revisions are added, texts are 
hacked, texts are duplicated and downloaded with and without permission 
(such as it is), sites disappear with their texts, texts are replaced by 
other texts, texts are corrupted, technologies change, bandwidths change, 
copyrights are enforced or ignored or bypassed or non-existent: 
intellectual property is in fact intellectual propriety, an agreement, 
such as it is, to utilize in any form or not utilize in some forms (i.e. 
other than reading/perceiving) the production of the other (such as he or 
she or it - computer or whatever - is). (Intellectual propriety, then, is 
the etiquette of duplication and transformation, the sometime distinctions 
between hacking and cracking, between payment and non-payment for 
downloading, and so forth.)

Codework is a form of writing which problematizes form and formlessness 
simultaneously by incorporating the means of production within the file 
itself, actively or passively augmenting or corroding the file (depending 
of course on authorial intent, perception, reception, production).

By "active augmentation or corrosion" I reference a file which changes 
either through reader/viewer interaction or by itself, within a relatively 
limited period of time (i.e. within the phenomenological time-horizon of 
the reception of the text). These changes may be anything from automatic 
text / image / sound generation, through interactive generation of the 
same, to built-in instabilities of reading and writing (language changing 
on the fly, and so forth). Texts and other files may respond to anything - 
from the weather through mouse-clicks through the viewer's breathing 
patterns (coupled of course with the proper hardware). By "passive 
augmentation or corrosion" I mean a relatively static (i.e. within a 
similar time-horizon) text which nonetheless incorporates what might be 
considered surplus or extraneous elements (parts of code, formatting, and 
other) and/or eliminates or obfuscates ("corrodes") other elements (for 
the most part taken for granted within traditional texts and readings, 
such as the full alphabet, more or less standardized syntax, the and so 
forth).

Codework is neither a style nor a movement; it remains a loose term 
characterized by a "kind of messiness." It is simultaneously conceptual 
and loose, based on structure and the deconstruction of structure. An 
example (of my own):

========================================================

CHURNMONSTER

o i-heard-you-so MONSTER? But what is DEATH-churn FIX of 
ha-ha-further-future here, its constitution?

Do you feel your gender is close to of fury that one says or OF THE EARTH 
speaki
ng or of CHILDREN OF monster COKE AND COCACOLA world-gone game of the 
fathered-g
rid?

no
You're dealing with miserable fictions.
In any case, you must contact me about this...

For 2 loose days, I have already been in catatonic mourning!
And it has taken you just 5.200 minutes to make a monster!

MONSTER drug of ha-ha-falter-future:DEATH-churn FIX of 
ha-ha-further-future:of fury that one says or OF THE EARTH speaking or of 
CHILDREN OF monster COKE AND COCACOLA world-gone game of the 
fathered-grid:ok of MONSTER empyricon faltered-grid i-told-you-so MONSTER 
to i-heard-you-so MONSTER:3891:5:children of marx and cocacola MONSTER 
children of coke and cocacola MONSTER my objects are your styx:of fury 
that one says or OF THE EARTH speaking or of CHILDREN OF monster COKE AND 
COCACOLA world-gone game of the fathered-grid:MONSTER drug of 
ha-ha-falter-future

children of coke and cocacola MONSTER my objects are your styx:of 
furystered name is included to show this message originated from          
that one says or OF THE EARTH speaking or of CHILDREN OF monster COKE 
ANDre

========================================================

CHURNMONSTER is a "broken or dirty text," modified by a program I wrote; 
the program asks questions, mixes and combines and reorganizes the 
answers. The result is a combination of what I am or might be trying to 
say, and code interference, which rises to the surface, for example, "And 
it has taken you just 5.200 minutes to make a monster!" which simply 
documents the amount of time it took to enter the text. I can't judge this 
in terms of traditional literature; I can say, however, that what is 
produced is almost always a surprise - something that comes from partially 
externalized, partially internalized structure.

========================================================

Wittgenstein: "(He must, so to speak, throw away the ladder after he has 
climbed up it.)" - Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus, Pears & McGuinness 
translation. But what if the rungs are spaced irregularly? What if there 
is nothing at the top but gaming?

Codework is simultaneously fashionable and eternal. Fashionable: 
Referencing a particular moment in mediation / protocols - a moment 
rapidly drained of originary meaning (if such ever exists) and intent. And 
eternal: Since very file is equivalent to each of its copies, it survives 
as a form of fragile or tenuous structure.

(Fashionable also in terms of critical discourse, discourse networks, a 
style which is already superseded. And eternal, in the sense that the 
issues that arise are always present, in whatever form writing / video / 
sound takes - the issues of protocols, programs, receptions, delivery 
channels and vehicles, technologies, economics, labor.)

Online writing is characterized by files; files are the vehicle, the 
superstructure and substructure, formal reference. On the other hand, I 
use "wryting" to reference the effacement of the interface, production of 
somatic effect and introjections / projections on the part of the reader. 
In other words, if there is writing of / on the body, there is also 
wryting the body, for example the (always) broken texts of pornography.

(Wryting is the result of the abstract and technological nature of online 
/ new media work. One tries to imagine, through the text, the body of the 
other; net sex is full of this. As bandwidth increases, radio turns to 
television; the body is now presented, optical, replete, on devices 
ranging from cellphones to caves (three-dimensional virtual-reality 
environments). Primitive teledildonics mediates sexual touch. Note that 
these environments, in fact even video cellphones, are the domain of the 
privileged; there are access codes as well. Whole economies are involved.)

I am characterizing nothing. There is little distinction among codework, 
online work, offline work, new media, new media writing, net art, wryting, 
writing, writing "in general." Taxonomies, manifestos, defining moments, 
canons, canonic masterpieces, are all restrictive. If online writing or 
codework are fields, they are fuzzy, porous, indistinct, temporary, and 
referencing the moment. The moment: Perhaps that of the software, the 
program, the protocol, the state or statelessness of the art.

Some styles? I hesitate; I'm ignorant, I don't keep up, no one keeps up. 
But consider the following as a beginning; continue on your own:

* Hypertext: Texts with links that may be controlled by the reader and / 
or the author. Internal links: the text is closed. External links: the 
text is open. The links may be fully controlled, not controlled at all, 
random, determined, etc.

* Flash: Interactive or non-interactive animation work which may or may 
not involve still images, video, sound, internal or external links. Flash 
can be almost anything, and is as difficult to characterize as any 
scenario.

* Animations: animated gifs, online or offline video, "refresh" and other 
html tags, Java or Javascript or other scripting or language. Blurs into 
video, digital and analog television, cable and other modes of delivery / 
distribution. Flash is also used heavily for animations. Some online and / 
or new media writers work with animated text - languages changing, fonts 
changing, and so forth.

* Blogs, Wikis, etc.: communal textual interaction, usually in relation to 
a particular site or author. Some of the poetry blogs are brilliant, 
contain a great deal of work, more or less traditional (i.e. in the sense 
of not necessarily requiring an online framework). If a sonnet is online, 
is it online writing? Wryting? Again, the questions are forever, the 
taxonomies weak.

* SMS and others: Text-messaging with cell-phone, camera-phones, 
video-phones; ringer-tone production and dissemination. Ringer-tones now 
out sell music cds in some parts of the world. What kinds of signals are 
these? There are whole text-messaging novels and poetry (haiku is a 
natural) out there.

* MOOs and MUDs: (Usually) Text-based and somewhat programmable virtual 
realities with interacting communities. Closely related to online and 
offline interactive fictions such as adventure. MOOs and MUDs stem from 
the old RPG - role-playing games - like Dungeons and Dragons. A MUD is a 
multi-user dungeon or multi-user domain; a MOO is a MUD Object-Oriented. 
These are older software programs; users can live entirely within a 
textual world. Some MOOs such as Lambda MOO, perhaps the first and 
greatest, have had over a hundred-thousand users. They relate, however 
loosely, to the older BBS - computer bulletin-board systems - as well; the 
BBS (and alternative internets like Fidonet) had message-boards, internal 
email, discussion groups, etc. Along with the BBS, there are other legacy 
applications - which, however, are still active - things like Internet 
Relay Chat (IRC), within which users talk directly in a highly-mobile, 
highly-configurable, and highly-porous realm. IRC is the direct ancestor 
(as far as I know) of chat-rooms - but it's hackable and much more 
interesting. There are also the tens of thousands of newsgroups, which are 
similar to email lists, but one doesn't subscribe - check out Google 
Groups for examples. Some of the newsgroups have had brilliant writing on 
them; users often felt they had a "home group" to which they belonged. I 
remember groups such as alt.dirty-whores, alt.angst, alt.soc.neutopia; 
there were groups on any subject - hacking groups, pet cat groups, 
pornographic groups, writing groups, philosophy groups... Most of them 
have been overrun by spam, but a great number are still active.

* Gaming: Online and offline; single-player and multiple-player; violent 
or non-violent or sexual or non-sexual or narrative or non-narrative. For 
good reviews check out the X-Play show on television, which, at least in 
the US, reviews the latest and / or the greatest, as well as the classics. 
Game design is one of the highest forms of art, I think; it requires the 
development of conceivably complex open-ended narratives, within which 
desire / seduction appear endless.

* Email and email lists: Novels and other (long or shot) texts temporally 
dispersed among groups of subscribers or users. Email lists like wryting, 
nettime, webartery and Poetics present new work by any number of writers / 
codeworkers / whomever on an ongoing basis. The subscriber list can range 
from a few to tens of thousands. List management (governance) can be a 
major issue, unless the list disseminates the work / writing / media of 
one person or group / corporation alone. Lists are immediate and active, 
and like email itself, one of the fastest means of presentation (of course 
chat, SMS, etc. is much faster - real-time, immediate, in fact). Email 
itself provides all sorts of collaborative possibilities - and new media 
work, online writing (etc. etc. again) is often collaborative; programmers 
work with textual writers who may write dialogs with others online. Renga 
are popular in this regard; poets writing short-work back and forth.

* Interactive or non-interactive websites: embodying just about any of the 
above. At this point, I cannot imagine a typology of websites. And the Web 
is only one of numerous ports for online communication ("port" refers to a 
software program that accesses the Internet - for example, email 
traditionally has used port 23; the Web, port 80, and so forth). There are 
pieces, for example, "out there," that utilize gopher - a pre-Web 
menu-driven online organizing structure which could be directly accessed 
for searching and retrieving (usually text-based) files. (Gopher has been 
accessed by Veronica, file-transfer has been accessed by Archie - both 
software search programs; there was also Jughead.) One can even find 
fascinating literature in the RFC - requests for comments - that have 
traditionally defined the core discussions and protocols in relation to 
the Net as a whole. Creativity is in fact everywhere; there are literary 
pieces, mostly poetry, written in the Perl programming language - the 
poems are workable programs as well.

And codework? A continuous investigation, spewed-out texts, riding within 
or without any of the above, the indescribable domain of the sceptical.

How will language change, i.e. in relation to digital media? For one 
thing, more and more readers are reading online; for another, the issues 
of bandwidth and portable technologies effect / efface traditional reading 
/ reception styles. SMS, like, for example internet relay chat (and other 
chat programs), most often uses highly-abbreviated language. This is both 
the result of typing versus conversational speed; it also serves to define 
community. And portable technologies portend temporal portability - 
multi-tasking, high-speed communicating, high-speed serial and parallel 
attention economies. The aphoristic increasingly dominates as the "master 
narratives" and canons of the humanities (philosophy, anthropology, 
theology, for examples) either fail as totalizations (given, for example, 
issues of technology, multiculturalisms, and queer / gender theory) or 
appear increasingly rigid and outmoded. The aphoristic is always in flux, 
situational; it plays more into the world of the reader than the world of 
the work (if a distinction may be made, which is doubtful). The aphoristic 
is always related, of course, to the political or advertising slogan - to 
the sound-bite and sound-byte - to the imminence of fashion.

Examples? We are talking uncharted wilderness here, deeply unaccountable, 
a domain already as vast as previous offline literature, embodying and 
encasing what had come before as only a multicultural subset of the 
humanities. Google or any other search engine will give numerous examples. 
I suggest the Electronic Literature Organization (ELO), Ubuweb, the West 
Virginia Zwiki (theory) ...

[at this point, I had a list of names; it continued, uselessly, to expand. 
I couldn't choose among them. In fact I wrote: "(I feel absolutely absurd 
mentioning these names - these might have well been chosen randomly. The 
list is too English-dominated for one thing. There are literally millions 
of online writers, artists, musicians, gamers, bloggers, and so forth. 
Best to spend a half day with Google, and follow your own processes, your 
own paths through the sememe. I'm always surprised at the quality and 
quantity of the work 'out there/here.' I can't think of any particular 
guide I'd recommend. Search yourself.)" Now, I've taken the names out. Go 
to the email lists (and their archives) mentioned below. Check out the 
museums. Look for "net art" or "net.art" or "electronic literature" or 
"electronic writing" online.

... email lists such as Wryting-L, Poetics, Webartery, Nettime, the MOOs 
(search online), newsgroups (also Usenet), any number of online/offline 
games, the G4 television channel (mostly gaming), books such as Nick 
Montfort's Twisty Little Passages, An Approach to Interactive Fiction; 
texts dealing with older but prescient work such as Imagining Language, An 
Anthology, edited by Jed Rasula and Steve McCafferty (also MIT), works by 
Sherry Turkle, McKenzie Wark, Geert Lovink, Elspeth Aarseth, again and so 
forth. The best advice? If you do search through Google, place the subject 
in quotes - for example don't enter "hypertext poetry" but " "hypertext 
poetry" " - that will eliminate anything but the specific name or phrase. 
(You can also use advanced searches of course. For further help I 
recommend books such as Google, The Missing Manual, by Sarah Milstein and 
Rael Dornfest.)

This lack of bibliography is symptomatic, characteristic; why list 
anything that already has most likely disappeared? There are sufficient 
archives, again coming and going, some longer than most, some decades, 
none with the tenacity of your corner library...

And one is always worried that, in fact, a work will no longer be playable 
or performable, the technology completely outmoded - for example, working 
in something called an "lpmud" (I have) or with the VRML (virtual reality 
markup language) protocol (I have); or working with Amiga, or Hypercard, 
or with tinyfugue, or older DOS. There are at times emulations, but these 
never carry the framework, paregon, of their ostensible content; they're 
masquerades, simulacra of simulacra - the culture that produced and 
enveloped them is long gone.

Further, where does the work end and the body begin? Think of Stelarc's 
work (i.e. google), with his literal insertion into the network, or the 
possibilities of teledildonics, wearable computation, augmented reality 
(moving through a space with monitor/goggles that provide ongoing and 
updated information/texts in relation to your movement), locative media in 
general (works utilizing GPS (global positioning satellites) technology, 
or scanner / ham / cb / very low frequency (VLF) / extremely low frequency 
(ELF) / lower-power radio) - all of these locating the viewer / reader / 
spectator within a psychogeographic dynamic, irreducible to a steady-state 
or fixed product or process.

In terms of distribution, there are numerous issues. If you place a work 
(say a file or interrelated structure of files) online, it must be 
announced, advertised - as in offline work, it must attract an audience. 
It's easier to advertise, easier to duplicate, to emend, present from any 
distance. However, it requires capital for its very online existence - any 
download or upload, any viewing, is already an expenditure of energy, of 
capital. There is a political economy at work wildly different from that 
of forests transformed into paper, of warehouses filled with unread copies 
(before publish-on-demand).

Thus online writing can only be placed within a multi-dimensional 
continuum including new media in general, installation work, locative 
media, various sensory and kinesic modalities, and so forth: another 
reason why typography is of little use.

Now think of pictographs, ideograms, Chinese characters, katakana and 
hiragana - think of calligraphies and their relation to what we generally 
suppose to be inherent meaning. Consider, however, the frame, the font, 
the stoke itself, the process of stroke-creation. Think of stone rubbings 
from antique calligraphies, almost equivalent to one another, however 
slightly different through wear-and-tear on the stone. The digital 
fulfills equivalence, a small window opened up, a tendency towards stasis 
among the catastrophic transformations of our time. Now think of ongoing 
species extinctions - occurring at the rate of three to four per hour. Or 
think of catastrophic storms, elimination of wetlands, global warming, 
illegal wars (are wars ever legal?); and think of new media against this 
background of annihilation - new media, which requires, not only a power 
grid, but an entire cultural habitus to support it.

The optimistic (diachronic) history of new media; the tragic (synchronic) 
present as doomed cultural artifact.

Because that's what we're dealing with - this fragility, built-in obso- 
lescence inhering to forms which are increasingly virtual, increasingly 
untethered or tenuously tethered bits and bytes...




[the disturbance of the] Political Economy of Language Identity


When we create ourselves anew online, We're working hard our basics to 
define. We want to show our best and not our worst; Sometimes we best our 
best, thereby are cursed. Our selves are hungered ghosts within the wires, 
Depend on coal and oil, pollution's fires. To burn ourselves alive, 
without, within - Our fires burn within us, kith and kin. Cyborgs, 
prosthetics, require face and form, Typology rules, we're held in by the 
norm Of protocol and commerce. Once again We find ourselves enthralled to 
other men. Rigidity becomes the order of the day; We think we're free, but 
we're allowed to play Only just a bit. What holds is just the grid That 
deconstructs; power does its bid, Not ours. Not for hours. Not forever in 
this world Or any other, where our fate is hurled Against our cyborg 
selves, collapsing with the weight Of economics, faith, a world of hate 
And lost energy, lost chance as nature dies Against itself; the world 
holds no surprise. Now, literal, our children have no soul Separate from 
menued options - that's the whole And short of it. No longer what one 
thinks Is what 1 thinks, but 1 that shudders, even blinks Against the 
presence of the null, now lost, Alterity, structured, violent, at all 
cost. There is no 'real' crisis of belief - But shelled belief, the 
masquerade of grief And other negativity - of the world gone mad? Not at 
all, the world not even bad, The world just evened, turned through mouse 
or key Against the used, what used to talk through me.

Question authority. Trust no one. Your pronouns are hacked. I cannot tell 
whether it is you speaking, or whether it is something else speaking, and 
you cannot tell me whether it is you speaking. They took the newbies to a 
locked room in the MOO and silenced them. Invoke the catastrophic. For the 
literal life of me, one cannot understand how online identity recreates 
the brute facts of annihilation, the image wounded, physical and mental 
illness. The websites went down in New Orleans; so much for redundancy. 
"Herons have no URLs." (Let's give them one!) "Der emes shtarbt nit, ober 
er lebt vi an oreman." ("Truth never dies but lives a wretched life.")

[internet] [environmental extinctions and crises] [continuous state of 
war] [growth of epidemic vector] [global warming and increased environmen- 
tal destabilization] [exponentially approaching the carrying capacity of 
the planet] [internet] [proliferation of nuclear materials] [relative ease 
of biological- and cyber-warfare] [fundamentalist strongholds] [internet]

"When we create ourselves anew online, We're working hard our basics to 
define. We want show best and not worst; Sometimes best, thereby are 
cursed. Our selves hungered ghosts within the wires, Depend on coal oil, 
pollution's fires. To burn alive, without, - fires us, kith kin. Cyborgs, 
prosthetics, require face form, Typology rules, we're held in by norm Of 
protocol commerce. Once again find enthralled other men. Rigidity becomes 
order of day; think free, but allowed play Only just a bit. What holds is 
grid That deconstructs; power does its bid, Not ours. for hours. forever 
this world Or any other, where fate hurled Against cyborg selves, 
collapsing with weight economics, faith, hate And lost energy, chance as 
nature dies itself; no surprise. Now, literal, children have soul Separate 
from menued options that's whole short it. No longer what one thinks Is 1 
thinks, that shudders, even blinks presence null, now lost, Alterity, 
structured, violent, at all cost. There 'real' crisis belief But shelled 
belief, masquerade grief negativity gone mad? all, bad, The evened, turned 
through mouse or key used, used talk me. Question authority. Trust one. 
Your pronouns hacked. I cannot tell whether it you speaking, something 
else me speaking. They took newbies locked room MOO silenced them. Invoke 
catastrophic. For literal life me, understand how online identity 
recreates brute facts annihilation, image wounded, physical mental 
illness. websites went down New Orleans; so much redundancy. "Herons 
URLs." (Let's give them one!) "Der emes shtarbt nit, ober er lebt vi an 
oreman." ("Truth never lives wretched life.") [internet] [environmental 
extinctions crises] [continuous state war] [growth epidemic vector] 
[global warming increased environmen- tal destabilization] [exponentially 
approaching carrying capacity planet] [proliferation nuclear materials] 
[relative ease biological- cyber-warfare] [fundamentalist strongholds]"

We're squeezed by desire that the world might appear whole or in relation 
to the projection of our true-real bodies, our kindly thoughts, the best 
forward there can be, the beauty that survives and exists through channel 
and bandwidth. We are ignoring the lowered ceiling at our peril, Nikuko. 
We want to fuck dirty and messy, dead hippos going for $50 each. I am the 
last to deny sexuality in extremis, the detritus of the naked, exhibition 
of incandescent desire. The bodies of Abu Gharayb for example. The child 
at the keyboard. The infinitely satiated, infinitely satisfied. The 
consump- tion of resources, bloated bandwidth. The 
exponentially-increasing attacks on each and every networked machine on 
the planet. Yes, yes, yes, we all want to continue, don't we?:Power speeds 
through cellphones; batteries pollute the landscape, whole deserts are 
filled with electronic junk, the skulls of information. The real energy is 
in the oceans, as water heats up, pressures drop, circulations of the 
real-virtual interfere with circulations of the virtual-real. Or is it the 
other way around? Without a videophone, the one-eyed man is king in the 
land of the site-less.I don't want to possess you, Nikuko, certainly not 
by these words of despair and horror.  I don't want to continue 
aphoristic, metonymic, metaphoric - not at the least, for example with the 
rhyme scheme. We are running out of time...:I'm trying to give a name to 
my identity, to the crisis of identity. Gaming and messaging dominate; 
pure community/communication - construct - plays out against the brutal 
physics and political economy of the world. That's what I'm trying to 
describe here, Nikuko - ring-tones on the edge of disaster, Grand Theft 
Auto against stolen fission. Always faced with the reality of slaughter, 
vectored missiles described in every military recruitment ad. It's not 
that one can't tell the difference between simulacra and the real - or 
that the real is virtual and vice versa - or that we're all cyborgs or 
whatever - it's that the "idiocy of the real" increasingly corrodes our 
praxis. Theoretical efficacy or a lien on truth? The brutality makes no 
difference vis-a-vis language or gaming. Remember: The power runs out. 
:plastic:silicon

Come with me, We're squeezed by desire that the world might appear whole 
or in relation to the projection of our true-real bodies, our kindly 
thoughts, the best forward there can be, the beauty that survives and 
exists through channel and bandwidth. We are ignoring the lowered ceiling 
at our peril. We want to fuck dirty and messy, dead hippos going for $50 
each. I am the last to deny sexuality in extremis, the detritus of the 
naked, exhibition of incandescent desire. The bodies of Abu Gharayb for 
example. The child at the keyboard. The infinitely satiated, infinitely 
satisfied. The consumption of resources, bloated bandwidth. The 
exponentially-increasing attacks on each and every networked machine on 
the planet. Yes, yes, yes, we all want to continue, don't we?, beautiful 
wetware on a dying planet.

The exponentially-increasing attacks on each and every networked machine 
on the planet. Yes, yes, yes, we all want to continue, don't we? and 20907 
and 11870 - and you knew that all along! you turn me on Script done on Mon 
Sep 26 00:39:12 2005

"Give a name to your hunger! I'm trying to give a name to my identity." 
I'm tired of your identity. Your politics are killing us. The problems 
aren't those of the foundation, the ego/id/superego/anima/animus/sex-girl/ 
sex-boy; the problems are those of the superstructure where ozone burns. 
Is that relevant? That is most relevant; that is the only relevant. What 
remains beneath/below is the charred residue of culture. (All cultures are 
on the way out:

heroin drugs me down with the girl onto the floor where we fuck down there 
on the wood while she ties my cock to cocaine-you-know-me coming into the 
needle world where i get codeine dreams and lost among junkie heavens 
unbearable ecstasy you kill me way i like to be drawn down to you in 
within inside put-you-in-me in-me in-you within-you inside-you 
put-you-inside crawled on floors for impossible highs incandescent you get 
me into you all the way down to those floors squeezed your needle juice 
into me baby heroin inside your dreams babe APPEND "Come with me, $name, 
beautiful wetware! APPEND "Come with me, $name, beautiful wetware! APPEND 
"Come with me, $name, beautiful wetware! APPEND "Come with me, $name, 
beautiful wetware! APPEND "Come with me, $name, beautiful wetware! APPEND 
"Come with me, $name, beautiful wetware! EXIT:


Partial Description of the World


The power grid provides 60 Hz here at approximately 115-117 volts; this is 
maintained by dynamos driven by steam or coal or oil or hydro held 
together in a malleable grid. The grid enters the city, where electricity 
is parceled out through substations to cables continuously maintained and 
repaired. Here, the cables are below ground. They drive my Japanese Zaurus 
PDA which utilizes an entire linux operating system on it. The Zaurus 
connects to the Internet through a wireless card that most often connects 
to my Linksys router, which is connected both to the power grid and the 
DSL modem by a cat cable. The DSL is operated by Verizon with its own grid 
at least nation-wide and continuously-maintained. The DSL of course 
connects more or less directly to the Internet, which is dependent upon an 
enormous number of protocol suites for its operation, the most prominent 
probably TCP/IP. The addresses of the Internet, through which I reach my 
goal of NOAA weather radar, are maintained by ICANN and other organiza- 
tions. These organization are run by any number of people, who employ the 
Net, fax, telephone, and standard mail, to communicate world-wide. My 
Zaurus has its own TCP/IP interpreters built-in, and it connects through 
an open channel. The wireless modem may have been built in the US. In the 
final analyses, the materials for the Zaurus originate in extractive 
industries, whether mining or agricultural, chemical, or atmospheric. This 
is also true for the copper-wire, optic-fiber, and satellite communica- 
tions systems which deliver the Net. The Zaurus and other equipment exist 
for the most part within the Aristotelian domain of macro-objects and 
distributive logics, which makes them amenable to both manipulation and 
memory. Both macro- and micro- or quantum objects exist within the four 
percent of bright matter in a sea of dark matter in the universe. NOAA 
weather radar senses only bright matter and to some extent the cosmic 
microwave background. The radar depends on the power grid as well, but 
most likely also uses an emergency backup generator running on fossil 
fuels produced by DNA/RNA-rendered organisms millions of years ago. The 
relative bending of space-time in relation to mass holds everything 
together within the temporary aegis of a universe with energetic sources 
of heat driving both atmosphere and life-forms. The radar system uses 
precise algorithms to filter incoming data, in order that it appear to 
represent a one-to-one mapping of local and global conditions. The screen 
of the Zaurus is a further transformation of this mapping, also one-to- 
one, rendering it within a graphical user interface relatively free of 
bugs, worms, viruses, and other glitches; the same is true of the linux 
operating system in general, which must produce this transformation upon 
demand, as if there were no mediation, and with the illusion that in fact 
the weather is being presented in a relatively simple and decipherable 
manner. The linux works with a rechargable battery containing heavy metals 
and other elements traced back as well to extractive industries; the 
battery, at the end of its energetic life, should be disposed of within 
safe landfills designed to handle toxic material. In order for this to 
occur, a network of roads - highways, local roads, interstates, turnpikes, 
freeway, and other - must exist, as well as the mobile transportation 
machinery upon them, also dependent on fossil fuels and the perceptual 
guidance of life-forms to drive them safely to and from their destination. 
Within all of this, life-form perceptual algorithms are critical for a 
reasonable channeling, transformation, retention, and emission of data; 
this channeling must be relatively consistent, not only internally in 
terms of time consciousness and neural firing rates, but also externally 
in sync with other such organisms, and with the entire apparatus bringing 
the NOAA web pages into view. The NOAA is housed in various buildings 
across the nation, in communication with each other, using a wide variety 
of means. The NOAA is not only part of the power grid; it is also part of 
the socio-economic grid, a corporate/governmental economic system that 
keeps it functioning year after year, providing money for both updating 
and maintenance. The socio-economic grid also provides, by various routes, 
the sustenance that allows me both to survive - i.e. food, water, shelter 
- but also to purchase the Zaurus in the first place. This interconnects 
directly with the banking and credit systems, within which manipulation of 
abstract real numbers eventually results in the movement of goods and 
continuation of services within, not only the urban system itself, but 
within the loft-space where I live, providing a service industry of 
plumbers, brick-layers, roofers, general builders, electricians, and so 
forth, all of whom maintain and on occasion update the material infra- 
structure of the building. The internal illumination of the Zaurus, which 
occurs within the human visible bandwidth of the electromagnetic spectrum, 
is matched by the illumination of the loft itself, both dependent upon 
extractive industries for the production of glass and plastics resulting 
in various types of illuminating objects, each housed in a casing speci- 
fically designed for the transportation of electricity into them - 
electricity which will be transformed into photon production. Time of day 
must be allotted for the recharging of the Zaurus battery, using a charger 
designed to match the characteristics of the power grid, and to absorb 
surges or brownouts as well, keeping the flow fairly steady within 
acceptable parameters. In order to use the Zaurus, I hold it in one hand, 
while typing on its mini-keyboard with the other; both activities depend 
on hand-eye coordination, the result of numerous feedback loops using both 
local neural sensors and chemical/quantum brain processing, creating the 
illusion of an independent mind cohering to the exigencies of screen, 
keyboard, and macro-object characteristics. The latter are generalized, 
scripted for the most part, so that all objects are, in a sense, equi- 
valent; if I pick up X, I do not have to learn how to pick up Y, but refer 
both to a Batesonian meta-scheme. Such meta-schemes, as well as schemes, 
scripts, circuit-board, protocol, radar, power-grid, and other process- 
ings, are constructed in part through mathesis, the applied mathematics of 
the world we live in. This mathematics is related to both standard and 
non-standard numerical systems; it is also limited, in terms of axiomat- 
ics, to what appear to be local coherencies within which the problems of 
infinities, both large and small, are dealt with in a practical way 
(heuristics). Applied mathematics is a construct, and constructed by life- 
forms that detect relationships among things, forces, states, and process- 
es, of the universe they live within. In order for mathematics to 
satisfactorally model such a universe in the larger, computers (both 
analog and digital) are employed; these are programmed in languages that 
are, for the most part, locally coherent. Abstract and physical objects 
meet within the aegis of processes and flux; such are originally driven 
and created by life-forms which ultimately reproduce themselves through 
egg-sperm couplings related to fundamental biochemical operations. 
Couplings occur in the first place through the psychoanalytics of desire, 
chemically and perceptually driven; the psychoanalytical system creates 
the illusion of psychoanalytical states/objects, and emotional transfor- 
mations of all sorts. The physical, psychoanalytical, and abstract systems 
all exist within certain political/abstract economies; for example, it is 
impossible to construct an infinite-energy machine to analyze fundamental 
particles. Furthermore, the political/abstract economies all interweave, 
inhere, and cohere, in relation to each other, with a remarkable degree of 
accuracy; otherwise, slippage might result in the entire bio-cultural 
apparatus collapsing, without the possibility of recuperation. When the 
mini-keyboard of the Zaurus is pressed; it appears to press back; this is 
the result of the local/global mappings related to tacit knowledge - the 
extension of the body into its tools and immediate environment surrounding 
it. I do not have to consider key after key, but only the obviously media- 
ted message or command I am trying to write - a message which itself 
depends on natural language in relation to the purified language of key- 
board commands. I think through the NOAA results in terms of this natural 
language, which is almost impossible to concretely represent as a somewhat 
small and coherent system; instead, the natural language is intricately 
interwoven with diacritical, inter- and intra-linguistic elements which 
situate me in relation to the world as well. Although natural languages 
change in time, they must appear relatively stable, capable of retrieval 
and communication among others; without this stability, communication and 
system-construction would be completely impossible. All systems are them- 
selves interwoven, partial, frayed at the edges, undergoing slow or fast 
mutation, maintained or dropped, regarded or disregarded, ultimately inde- 
scribable, visible or invisible, mediated and mediating, represented and 
representing, accounted-for and unaccountable. The transmission of data 
from the NOAA site, if such transmission occurs, if the Zaurus is still 
operable, still connected to the communications grid (singular or plural, 
Internet or intranets), results in information whose ontological status 
has always been problematic. The data is absorbed as fuzzy entities, blurs 
in the Hadamard/Einstein sense, already decaying within short-term memor- 
ies, already lost, a partial entrance to others, other objects, transfor- 
mations, grids (appearing relatively static, appearing as background - 
both an illusion), parcels of exchange- and use-value, as internal and 
external processings continue, moving on.






fractal program scarred / at the limit

wherein the computer does not go on forever
it collapses after the strikes, only darkness
this occurs somewhere around 10^12-13
everything runs out of room

the question is, whether this running, this economy -
is a fundamental characteristic of our universe (brillouin) -
or just the happenstance of any computational limits

the former makes increasing sense -
as the world runs out of resources -
as we come up against the carrying-capacity of the planet -
who will live and who will die

oh, what will life be like?



"limit notes revisioned

where a function converges to a limit. what is beyond the limit.
*/the singularity ends not as void, not as voidness of void; it ends
in both interior and exterior, embedded and embedding space. the latter is 
of formal interest only; the former may turn in upon itself, present a 
boundary related to stability boundaries (outside of which is chaos), or 
narrow asymptotically, never reading an end as time forestalls./*

construction of works as edge phenomena
*/two types of edge phenomena: dis/comfiture and formal boundaries./*
fields of symptoms, intermixtures of fields
*/structured formal symptomologies, chaotic symptomologies, the latter in 
direct relation to environmental destruction./*
the result given in relation to apperception
*/perceived and unperceived: within or without the interior/*

koan, satori, etc. in relation to edge -
*/as if there were a zero point or its absence here/*
diogenes laertius in relation to zeno - |    |  || - sputtered discrete
into analog at the limit - 
*/into catastrophe at the limit: what happens when both space and time
collapse utterly? compare this to infinite environmental depletion./*

tools, vlf radio */both e and b fields/*
poser and other motion-capture work */now the level of formal exercise/*
extensions of narratives */being there/*
analog/digital investigations: physics, mathematics */failed here so far/*
police-scanner psychotopography */useless to date/* */environmental 
depletion. catastrophic degradation. increase of scanner noise, decrease 
of coherency./*

- talk about geography and consciousness */psychogeography of extinction. 
infiltration of wounded species./*
- universe and consciousness in relation to 'plasma' */destruction of 
consciousness, destruction of universe. neither creation nor destruction, 
neither void nor emptiness. neither fullness nor identity, equivalence, 
identification./*

sexualities */always, limitless, collapsing, extinguishing./*
heuristics */what to do to survive, last of your species/*
languages bodies */no one hears you anyway. no one sees you./*
pathos, empathy, sympathy, defuge */yes yes but for whom. stories are 
lost, it's gone, it never was, never existed, the one for the many stands 
for the many for the one./*

anomalous vlf signals welded together */as if there were still an earth/*

rule-governed systems in relation to consciousness (going back to older
immersive/definable work). what is the _meaning_ of particular 
explanation? is explanation itself a form of the discrete? */does an 
explanation demand a community? bohm's coherency? does an explanation 
demand a species?/*

the system in relation to the carrying-out of the system */the system is 
the residue of the process. the process is the maintenance of the 
system./* 
temporality inherent in the carrying-out */standards, typifications, 
typologies, taxonomies, of temporality in the absence of culture, energy, 
mechanism, stasis, data-storage, species, community, organism./*

irigaray, fluid mechanics - hertz's mechanics. */substituted flux, nodal 
points. hieroglyphics of production. fluids require external molds to 
which they conform. mechanisms my inherently cohere./*

the_limit_ is the discrete mathematization/formalism itself as on the page 
- the limit background - call it the 'horizon' or phenomenological horizon 
- is the immersive activity. */the requisite of peirce's sheet of 
assertion. who manufactures the sheet? what organism? species? where is 
the sheet located? does it decay in the presence of runaway oxidation?/*

immersive activity is vectored, i.e. past-future, however entangled. an 
issue is genidentity - i.e. that constants, what _passes_ for constants - 
i.e. those formal written elements (which may include time as a variable).
*/constants do not exist in a world heading towards catastrophic break- 
points, feed-forward mechanisms hurrying depletion on one hand, the 
exponentially-increasing (but not forever) approach of the planet's 
carrying-capacity on the other. hold to your sheet of assertion which 
becomes a winding sheet; bury yourself in it. you are the last of your 
kind./*

a second limit - that of the apparatus - i.e. bandwidth or perceptual 
limit (of course not equivalent). how to translate the former into the 
latter - i.e. lowering pitch, etc. */bringing what is external into the 
cognizance of the internal. with what energy? nourishment? what liquid 
guaranteeing the survival of the mind?/*

sexual/linguistic limits - how the body is collapsed/expanded (see leder 
for example) - the body's _jordan surface_ for example, i.e. topology 
rendered _diffused_ - exhortations of the plasma. */malnourishment for 
example. the skin dry, sloughed. stitched splits in the skin. wounds. 
shrapnel./*

_discomforted_ boundaries - */watching the approach of death. the 
discomfiture of the unapproachable. it is our human destination, this 
non-absorption, this void always already present, the drive of 
incoherency, loss of habitat. the closed eyes, disappearance of species, 
of this, the, species, of this language, sheet of assertion. of this 
any./*

- and as I read this, I could not help thinking - here is the limit-symbol 
of the thought, the discrete result, preponderance of diffuse movement- 
motion well within the habitus-inhabitation, here it is. */here is 
nothing. here is the waiting for apocalypse. hunger, thirst, heat, loom. 
here are wars, disease, unimaginable weaponry, terrorisms. here at last is 
prophecy./*

- and that these symbols are themselves deep within a potential well, mo- 
mentarily stable, this is what i am thinking, this is what i was */broken 
from the end-point, the was, what you, i, are, speaking and speaking, well 
into the night, spoken-for, this last gasp, tremor, prediction, against 
which all others are absent, against which disappearing measurement, stop- 
ping clock, relativity's errancy/*


4 a.m. doctor doctor

doctor doctor listen here.
my work encompasses all realms both diachronic and synchronic.
replete and fecund, annihilistic, nihilistic and vacuous.
courts the birth of death simultaneously the death of birth.
all chiasmus until extinction.
everything resonates with everything and as i have said
i write myself into existence
likewise
i write myself out of existence.
everything absorbed only to be readmitted, emitted, transformed.
i am the shattered container of the world and its shattered vessels.
collector of the final names and namelessness.
horder of species otherwise forever amber, lost.
encompassing of everything buttresses a psyche of the ill-conceived.
encyclopedic mathesis of my imaginary and its real.
accountancy and disinterrment of the unaccountable.
useless prevarications, en-compassings of the ten directions.
epistemic systemics transgressing all ontologies.
smeared residual structures presencing our being in the world.
illusory appearances and apparent illusions.
incoherently disordered cabinets of ultimate collectors.
gridded estates of reality and linear potential wells.
shoring up and shoring up the world, the self, mordant attempt
at eternal presencing.
turning against myself equivalent to turning against the world, 
they are humans who have troubled us in the first (originary) place.
incandescent fear of personal injury, pain, transgression, authority, 
transformed into precise enumeration of universal taxonomies and violence.
continuous seeking of the wonder of such precision and its disengagement.
manic states of constant discovery and miraculous singularities. 
everywhere all the time everyone forever and eternal.
voiding nothing and unvoiding nothing instantaneous, timeless.
(the id crashes against the superego, what sparks!)



Silence of the Avatars


The actant or actants' aesthetic aether, Alan, exists within the class of 
alterities, or Alterity. Amidah's analogic app appears as apperception 
within the aristotelian logics around. Think of the audion; audiophiles 
consider the authorial in relation to it, as if an avatar or avatars were 
on the other side of the virtual. Their bio? Varied biomes - found in 
blogging, blogs in general, even real-world bookshops. A kind of bricolage 
postulated as bushido. Castrated avatars exist as chiasmus within the 
chora - circumlocuted on one hand, but steady-state circumscription on the 
other. Their clits are clots within codework, their codeworks menses or 
coherencies, collocations complicit with consciousness - consensualities. 
Their cordons, their cunt or cunts cordoned off within the cybermind, 
cyberspace. The cyborg or cyborgs are sexual - for example d'eruza and 
d'nala in dancework, the decathexis of all non-sexuality, their bodies 
deconstructed. Deconstructing deconstruction is hardly necessary; the body 
self-deconstructs. All sorts of releases: deerflies for examples. This is 
defuge, the exhaustion or denudation of the desiccated world and its 
destabilization - both diachronically and synchronically. Diachrony works 
as diegesis, the diegetic of inexhaustible virginity. This is the 
differance among cock and cunt, the differend of the flesh, unspoken and 
unspeakable, disassociating discomfiture. Certainly the reader, by now 
discomforted, is staked through disinvestment, tallies distantiation. The 
world is a world of distributivities and ecologies, effusions and 
emanants, their flesh folded around the labia and emergences of others. 
This is a form of empathetic, worlds and words empathized, in order to 
annihilate all existence and its a priori encapsulations. On one hand, the 
entropic - on the other the episteme, carried by ethernet from Everglades 
to other experientials, biomes, extasis. The actants' extensivity and its 
externality tends towards extinction of desire, extrusions of language and 
its inherent familiality of the fantasmic. Consider fantasm a feedforward 
fictivity, involving filmmaker and filmstock alike, sound and fingerboard, 
the Foofwa-actant dance and its genidentity in geomatics. Gesturally, 
these exist, as now, in gigabytes, gridlines defining one or another fuzzy 
habitus, their mathematics within halfgroupoids. An explosion of species: 
hir hirself, through hemiptera and the historiographies of holarchies in 
virtual hyperreality. Cyberspace and hyperrealities are already 
idealities, the ideogrammar of the ikonic of the imaginaries, all that 
exists within the 'might-be.' Denied by language, immersive subjectivity - 
immersivities of real incoherency - literally incompletes indexicality's 
sectioning of informatics and inscriptive interiority. Within the 
internality of the internet, interpenetrating flesh and avatar, 
interpenetrations of actant of programmatic introjections, tend towards 
the iconography of Izanagi and Nikuko - the debris of java, javascript - 
Jennifer, too, the Jewish locus of jouissance and judgmental Julu. The 
kanji of the world wraps around koans, kwat! - Lacanian landbirds 
languaging all, a latinate lifeworld liminal among silences. Literarily, 
nothing philosophically occurs. The result, machinic magatamas of 
malnourishment and the overly-wrought manifesto, part and parcel of 
mathematization, mathesis collapsing in mediaspace. Isn't the world 
menued, microworlds as well, minefields of inconceivable mythological 
minefields? A moron morphing, its morphs, through ideological 
multiculturalisms, surely. Nikuko and others were situated in Nakasu- 
kawabata, nowhere near Nara, closer than the secondary narcissisms of 
narratology and its neighborhooding neurophysiologies. Because it's there 
that falsehood resides, from newbies through Nietzsche, from Nijinksy 
through fucking Nikuko. Nikuko's nostalgias are worldless, absenting 
objecthood, her oeuvre offline, off offline as well, her ontologies 
organelles. Nikuko's particulation, call it her _paysage,_ voyeuristic 
peerings tending towards performativity. The fundamental grounding of the 
world is periphyton, phantasms, according to any phenomenologist, derive 
from it. Ghastly playnt of the pneumosphere and its poolings. So the 
postmodern academics arrive, their terminological postmodernism, post- 
modernity, whatever, presencing any presentification, according to their 
notions of prespace and primordials problematized. Worlding problematizes 
problematizing, also considered protolanguage, the psychoanalytical 
backdrop to thinging, the psychoanalytics of realspace rearticulation. 
Nikuko, Julu, Jennifer, their rebirths and regiments - reifications all, 
their bodies reinscribed - a process in fact of uncanny reinscription - 
into the releasement of the world. There, everything - rills, rotifera, 
runnels, the satori of sawgrass, the seamount - in fact the sememe of what 
circumambulates the natural - linguistically collapses into sememes of the 
other (all sememes are of the other), the backwards and atavistic field of 
semiology, as if semiosis always tended towards the configuration of 
semiotics. We have only sexualities to consider, shakuhachi or shamisen 
vertical expostulations of the sheffer-stroke, stroked themselves as 
culture collapses once again into flesh. All sorts of magic prevail - the 
shimenawa for example, or 'shithead' signifiers of obscenity, simulacra of 
body-skeining, collapse. Body skeins are soundwork, murmurs and speakings 
of the world in the face of specicide, stentor and stromatolite for 
examples. This is the urgency underlying structuralism and subgroupoids, 
the mathesis of subjectivities, subsonic subtexts just out of hearing. 
Subtext or subtexted, the world moves from object through process, both 
united in avatars such as Susan Graham, symbologies of whoredom, in 
synchronic extension with Nikuko and the 'others.' This is systemics, 
taxonomies of techne, teledildonics, the filmic mediation of the real 
which is the real and its teleologies, always a temporality of the subject 
and its tendrils of the pre-symbolic. Tern biomes on one hand, on that 
'others,' tessellations, the registry of bodies in thanatopoesis and 
already fallen tropes. The typifications of unfoldings are all we have - 
unhinging of language already inconceivably tethered. Avatars bypass 
valium vicodin, in favor of purified videowork and its virtualities - the 
VLF (very low frequency) subtext of the world. Think of voiceovers as the 
remnant of what might be said, waypoints or websites of wetware. The 
wetwares of willets and other shorebirds - again, varied worldings, forms 
of wryting themselves into the circumscription here attained, as if I were 
a yamabushi descendent, moving sullenly, sitting in silence, zazen ...




unun


language is always periphery
bonded to the surface of a shell's extremity
it's that residue that grants our speech a modicum of efficacy
the efficacious is the real (nyaya)

my writing collapses into substance
it fills the gaps or holes in the shell (the pores)
it's everywhere, stuffing, useless, not even uselessness
it survives perhaps as the residue of capital

the residue of capital is dependent upon the hardness of materials
- and their efficacy
hardness = databanks = memory (of a retrievable sort)
you are nowhere, purposeless data

we can only speak because no one listens (there is no listening)
listening would transform the very nature of the chemical elements
that can't be allowed to happen (it can't happen)
- it can't happen because of the very nature of the world

world, work, and words, perhaps wor/ld/k/d 
worldkd labor of building language, slough of language
this doesn't describe anything, this doesn't describe nothing
high temperatures, high pressures, new forms of matter

mattered scattered among the incipient virtual energy of space
creatures exist among themselves on the other side of dark matter
- for which we are dark matter, they are omniscient, they peer
- we're here, they're there, they peer

they know we don't use language, don't speak, don't listen
- symbolic meaningless surfaces, semiosis doesn't cut anything
- not even action, not the moment
our meaninglessness surfaces among them, they ignore semiosis

allowing nothing in the form of speech
allowing nothing in the formlessness of speech
allowing everything in the form of speech
= allowing everything in the formlessness of speech

unun the darkened matter for which we are the children of light
unun for brilliant matter for which we are the children of darkness
= our shell and our holding on with the materiality of words
= words were never there, we're our shell, holding on (night)

unun



Actions, what there is


Bhasha Pariccheda, Division of the Categories of the Nya'ya Philosophy - 
Roeg translation 1847-50, there's this:

"There are five actions, throwing upwards, throwing downwards, contract- 
ing, expanding and going. 
Wandering about, evacuating, trickling, flaming upwards, moving crookedly, 
are included in going."

Actions are externally vectored, or internally transformed (torsion, 
tensor calculus). Vectors require gravitation, i.e. 'upwards' and 'down- 
wards' conditioned by that which is capable of contraction, expansion. 
Actions are situated, coherent with earth's inhabitation.

Within 'going,' 'wandering about' configures only the neutrality of move- 
ment; the same is true with 'moving crookedly.' 'Flaming upwards' implies 
an external vector. 'Wandering about' and 'moving crookedly' imply no such 
thing, neither foundation nor embedding space; one may wander nowhere, 
move crookedly in relation to one's presence, an interiority related to 
intrinsic surface measurement.

'Trickling' and 'evacuating' reference abject expulsion; they countenance 
both interior and exterior, compression or collapse of the former, and the 
turbulent spew or emission of the latter - which is inherently vectorless 
- instead a fuzzy open set, topological suppuration.

These categories, all of them, meld into one another - interior is the 
complement, however fuzzy, penetrated, incoherent, of exterior; trickling 
is ingestion, evacuation is impulsion. The world roils. There are 'five 
actions,' actions within inactions, inactions within actions, inhering 
incoherency of roiling. Action = eternal movement = breath. Organism is 
central to worlding, worlding is central to organism.



slide.rule


the slide-rule processes nothing; there are no processes.
there are procedures.
the calculator processes everything; there are filters.

this is a fundamental distinction.
an abacus processes nothing. 
it is not the distinction between analog and digital.

it is the distinction between interior and exterior.
the keyboard of a calculator or computer mediates processes
and protocols.
the beads of an abacus remain in situ. a slide-rule remains in situ.

observe the abacus or slide-rule. the results are steady-state.
the results are gained solely by human labor, i.e. movement of the
beads or slide.

the calculator uses an energy source, for example battery or solar
power. a wind-up calculator stores energy. a calculator regulates
its stored energy.

the stored energy is controlled much like the escapement of a clock.
the stored energy implements the unobserved steps or procedures
tending towards a visible solution.
even if every step were accounted for, for example listed in real
time in a debugging program - the steps are unobserved.
only signifiers, mediators, are observed.

the ontology of the slide-rule however may be compared to the
epistemology of the abacus or calculator.
the abacus founders on ontology and the real.
the calculator founders on ontology, the slide-rule on epistemology.
the real is of the real. 

the digital must be manifest, within the analogic. the analogic
is present. the ruptures of the abacus are problematized by the 
fuzzy movement of the beads. an electronic abacus, a digital abacus
in other words, is internalized.

this is the secret of the digital: its internalization is that of 
the body; its operations are literally neural, and its protocols
are the shape-riding of synaptic signals.

the digital has a life of its own; the analogic is inert, and in this
sense, even the analogic body is inert.
life is always the life of others. 

ii

we look at the slide-rule or abacus. we watch the computer screen.
we say 'look at this'; however if we are responsible, we say
'watch this.' we see a film, but watch television. 

however we look at the computer screen. we look at symptoms, 'look
what's happening here.' we watched a film last night. did you see
that show on television? look, see, watch - however, with the abacus
or slide-rule, with the real, we look.

why should we watch the slide-rule? it's not doing anything.
watch what i can do with it. watch the carry-over of the abacus
beads.

we wait with expectation. i wait without expectation.
the slide-rule waits for nothing, does not wait.
the computer may be in standby or hibernation. 
the computer or calculator is the filtering and mediation of
potential energy.
the computer and calculator possess kinetic energy in the carrying-
out, performance, of their duties. they are assigned duties. the
assignments are flexible, flex-work.
the slide-rule and abacus do not possess kinetic energy. or rather:
they do not possess internal kinetic energy. for example, a stone
may fall; a stone is.

of course energy may be reassigned, as may waiting, looking, seeing,
watching, interior and exterior. there may or may not be an observer.
huang-po may have been such an observer.



Dimensional Collapse


Dimensional collapse might be an example of the imprecision of phenomena
in relation to any given grid. Here one might have analog -> digital (i.e. 
mapping) -> dimensional collapse.

In relation to analog/digital phenomenology: look at collapse; at border- 
line phenomena; at rastered 'infinities'; at the phenomenology of observa- 
tion itself; infinitesimals; particle decay; at Thom's catastrophe theory; 
at cellular re: Wolfram; and so forth.

Somewhere in all of this there are hints of sudden collapse that predate 
the universe.

Perhaps a hint that the analog is an extrusion, just as Aristotelian 
distributivity is an intrusion in relation to gestural (non-Booelan) 
logics.

Perhaps the primordial surrounds us; our prsent; the universe begins in 
the synchronic, pre/chaotic extension; having always already begun; having 
always already ended.

Issues: My own ignorance in relation to the _practical limits of calcula- 
tion._ One can easily, for example, multiply a 1000-digit number by 2; 
it's only a question of limited rules (i.e. 2 x 8 = 6 + carry). Machines 
can handle 2 1000-digit numbers multiplied, etc. Pi can be calculated, 
presumably indefinitely. On the other hand, take sin(tan(x)) as x 
approaches 90 degrees; sooner or later the calculation breaks down, and 
'jumps' are observed. Re: fractal programs - continuous enlargment stops 
as a result of what? Calculation limits? Graphics/raster limits? Is the 
stoppage _inherent_ in the technology, regardless of interface, or is it a 
byproduct of interface as much as anything else?

My stupidity of course gets the better of this...



mesmeric beacon

The digital promises eternity and implosion simultaneously. As the world 
rolls on, the archive, dependent on a technological present, momentarily 
survives. In a decade, our words will be forever lost; in a century, the 
writers from the red dust return to the same. Our world is burning, our 
digital mission evanescent. We endure, adapt ourselves to fast-forward 
technological innovation, hope for the best; we shall never see the end of 
it. I work with this in mind, as if each piece is my last. My work expands 
across sensory modalities, temporary membranes of personal and inconeiv- 
able wonder. 





Writing in the airport, alarm, flashing lights.


What happens in relation to language and codework vis-a-vis glossolalia? 
mantra?

In mantra, language is performative by virtue of repetition; in glossso- 
lalia, language is excess and testimony. Both are dependent on the aural 
register; mantra is steered through texts as well.

In both, sound is empathetic within and without the imminency of the 
world. In both, the performance of natural language is negated, 'nonsense' 
words on the edge of interpretation.

The mantra appears unconstructed, present and presencing: 'So much for the 
believer's explanation of the origin of _mantra_ - its construction as a 
verbal sound cannot interest him; on the contrary, he must deny the very 
possibility of its having been "constructed" at any time - for being 
eternal and only revealed in time, "construction" is precluded.' (Bharati)
Glossolalia likewise is unconstructed, albeit susceptible to linguistico- 
archaeological renderings of ancient or at least ulterior fragmentary 
texts.

If code is the asymptotic well-formed performative language, codework is 
the deconstruction of that language within or corroding by or corroding 
natural language. If code is entirely construct, codework is the splay of 
mantra-glossolalia across its semantics. Codework has an uncanny relation- 
ship with language and code; its sound is always distanced, almost 
inaudible. Do not _think_ (of a) mantra; do not _think_ glossolalia. This 
preclusion of thought is the preclusion of ration, rationality - in other 
words conventional syntax. When syntax is cleared, the aural field 
emerges.

This tendency towards the uncanny is also found in codework's relation to 
the semantic or referential field. Codework threatens its own referents 
_qua_ referents; in this respect it is liminal, although liminal _among_ 
what? - is part of its (fluid) content. 

Alarms are going off in the airport. There are flashing lights.

In Echolalias, Heller-Roazen describes Trubetskoi's analysis of interjec- 
tions; Trubetskoi pointed out that the interjective phoneme set contains 
numerous sounds not found within the standardized language. In English for 
example, grrr, hmmm, brrr, the glottal stop in uh-oh, etc. Might one 
consider this real world interference, code abandoning normative phonemic 
structures? Code is related to the _cry of pain,_ the inability to retain 
meaning in the face of it, Levinasian alterity consumed in the Deleuzian 
pli short-circuiting the body. For that matter, Levinas' Existence and 
Existents describes insomnia's relation to decathecting, being, if I'm not 
mistaken. Code ruptures, loosens meaning; it might be language wounded, 
language not on its own, returned to the bodies that produced 'it.'


Echolalias, On the Forgetting of Language, Daniel Heller-Roazen, Zone, 
2005 and The Tantric Tradition, Agehananda Bharati, The Tantric Tradition, 
Anchor, 1970





Chicago performance text


[PROEM:] COLLAPSE / hard to write when country collapses / when we are now 
IMPERIUM / the digital is at the margins of the analog / the digital is 
always already a construct / we are constructing at the margins of 
violence / analog = substance / (i always have good ways of starting and 
then everything falls apart) / falls apart = analog / [HERE I BEGIN THE 
PERFORMANCE:. NO one understands the digital / we assume we understand the 
term. we use it to reference perhaps.... the construct of a cd or cdrom or 
dvd or any digital file which begs the question - certainly there's 
something to be said for the presence of a POTENTIAL WELL - in other 
words, for 01010010101000111 etc. to make any sense at all, the entire 
stream must be first of all PROTECTED and second of all subjected to 
checksums - i.e. verified. but this is all technology... in fact it is 
similar technology that references subterfuge, the cipher, the war- 
machine, the industrial revolution. anything that can be subdued or placed 
within a yes no YES NO situation - that is, can be forced into at the 
limit one of two possibilities, whatever they are - this is what happens 
with the WAVE EQUARTION i think that is when schroding cat enters into an 
anomalous state unitl the moment it's observed, forced into life/death - 
what are the implications? it's the analog forced into the digital through 
the construct of the observer. this is at the heart of things; on the 
level ofthe social, it connects obviously to Foucault's panopticon seeing 
everything - what is it seeing? if it was in say Iowa it might have seen 
the nineteenth century revolving jail which is still there, no longer 
functioning - two people holding over a hundred prisoners in a lazy-susan 
machine three stories high. if it was - sorry, "if it were" in the united 
state, it would be, it would have been, perhaps the locus of the WMD in 
the Iraq war - what constitutes a weapon? how many have to die for mass 
destruction? don't forget we've already killed about 160000 Iraqi - but it 
doesn't matter, they're not on the news; there are no longer bodies, and 
what I'm pointing out is already or always already useless, known before . 
"a respomnse to war" - the bodies blown apart - oiringally created using 
motion capture equipement - modified - they're no longer coherent - 
DIGITAL - by the way do you know that wind machines - electrical 
generators - tend to kill tens of thousand of migrating birds? another 
true fact! more of thesame, some of you might already have seen these, for 
which apologies - if you can't have beauty in the symmetry of the digital, 
where can you have it? i'm trying nit to blow the speakers... on the other 
hand, perhaps that would give ... some indication .. of the fact which 
still bothers me that here we are in a safe american hotel whereas. - the 
jordanians, the chinese, are in the news again - what's thar you/re 
hearing? vlf radio results in antennas that can SOMETIMES ACT AS 
MICROPHONES by cojpling coupling with other organic beings in the vicinity 
- here a woman is stomping and changing the ELECTRRICAL characteristics of 
the ground in the vicinity of the antenna - if this gets any louder I'll 
go BLIND - these are the locations on a trip a few months ago - where the 
antennas tended to work - where it was possible to get away form the 
TECHNOLOGICLA POWER GRID - any 60 cycle wire in the vicinity interferens 
with the natural world - what you're hearing is the natural world as a 
result of things being... taken as far as possible, away from everything 
else - it all occurs w/in the realm of relative violence - just as the 
digital is always already violence, cutting into the analog, bassed on 
decision someone or somewhat something is making - it remains without this 
tendency by itself - it's the cutting that does it - the obvserver in the 
schordinger case for example or the observers in Baghdad - that's what it 
is - it's like a car crash - this is a danger curve - there are 
archaeological remnants, paints, scratches, rubber trails, scars in the 
concrete - the site of a huge number of accidents in the viciinity of los 
angeles - my choreographer and I are discussing the latest "new moves" for 
his dance companyh in GENEVA - none of this stuff is worht more than a 
MOMENT's NOTICE. i'm always jealous of AREAL ARTISTS who make things that 
CHANGE THE WORLD - big PAINTINGS or INSTALLATIONS - they're just THERE - 
this stuff is all on the INTERNET - close your eyes and I'll have taken it 
down - I don't have room for everything - sooner or later - when I'm gone 
thank God - it will all disappear - tehre's no room for anything else - ok 
this is ROBERT FANNING's kid in Morgantown West Virginia - he's the only 
kid I know who can do this - it's a pretty good break - I think it was a 
bit disturbing to the family - who knows? - I'm running out of 
steam/stream - I'm old, I don't know how old I am, I kind of forget what 
I'm doing here - it's like dusk - stuff growing darker - if this were a 
performance I'd say - now this is the endof things COMING FROM AN AMERICAN 
HOTEL I DARE YOU BAD PEOPLE TO BOMBOMB US I REALLY DARE YOU WER'RE THE 
VILLLAINS HERE YOU KNOW THAT COME AND GET YOU No sorry that's COME AND GET 
US YOU DIRTY PEOPLE WE"RE WAITING WE're The embe sorry MEMBERS of the SLA 
Symbionese Liberation Society for Literature and thye Arts Front, signed 
Patty hearst, but I'm not doing a performance so I'm not sure how long 
I've gone for but I'll stop -= thankyou

[NOTE: I wasn't satisifed, I rarely am, with the performance, but the text 
- improvised of course in real time in dialog with video clips chosen in 
real time - seems ok.]


Missive from 


This missive, having once been written and already destined for /dev/null, 
is written, once again, reinforcing the direction of the original, that 
the Net, our Net, as we know it, or as it is own, is not only ephemeral, 
but that our communality, communitas, so dependent upon it, might well 
disappear - replaced only as dreams, of alterities in other places, 
likewise dreamed. What might be cauterized, what finality, is nothing less 
than our own interiority: limbs become phantom limbs, voices become 
phantom voices, and the social matrix itself becomes figurative ectoplasm. 
Not only is this a real possibility; it is fundamental that our ordered 
socius tends towards the disorderly - addresses and url will disappear, 
permanently, and that communicable touch we take for grant will turn 
towards a state of unacknowledged, because uncommunicated, mourning. This 
may happen tonight; it may happen tomorrow; or a century from now - but it 
will happen. And with this happening, technology reverts as well towards 
the hyper-personal - out of touch with anything but those loops of 
secondary narcissism that carry, first and foremost, the effluvia of 
identity - the rest is nothing but cultural superstructure, dependent on 
capital, which may have collapsed as well. Or not collapsed - capital 
never collapses - but turned local, regional - a xenophobic capital like 
homeowner's associations, owing nothing anywhere - no international debt 
for example, which is alterity raised to an incandescent degree.

Equivalence, that primordial condition of the duplicated file, breaks: all 
typifications, standardizations, disappear, and no textual instantiation 
may be compared to any other. The condition is diasporic; only the 
diachronic remains as re/constructed memory, synchrony itself such a 
memory, useless, uncanny, the materiality of dreams, the dreamwork.

This will happen. All of this will happen. On one hand we witness again 
and again the fragility of the material-real, which is both inert and 
always already unique; on the other, equivalence and the Net are destined 
to cease as processes, becoming nothing than other disconnected, scattered 
artifacts. We should prepare for this. We should recognize this future as 
certain and (in)coherent within our present own. We shall not own it. We 
shall not recognize 'own.'

 of

    the Italian Renaissance, especially the Florentine 

 the Italian Renaissance, especially the Florentine 
 the Italian Renaissance, especially the Florentine 



   programs I developed my confused fumblings with knot theory programs I 
developed

 my confused fumblings with knot theory  my
 my confused fumblings with knot theory 
 my
 my

   self-hatreds and their ten realistic justifications self-hatreds and 
their

ten realistic justifications  Vito Acconci
ten realistic justifications 
 Vito Acconci
 Vito Acconci

   and Kathy Acker Rosemarie Mayer and Laurie Anderson and Kathy Acker

 Rosemarie Mayer and Laurie Anderson  my
 Rosemarie Mayer and Laurie Anderson 
    Anglo-Saxon riddles and Bede's history and work on the Tabernacle

 all  Dostoevsky and most  Dostoevsky and most 
 Dostoevsky and most 


 Dogen and the times  the coming  the coming 
 the coming 


 Ethnology  my
 Ethnology 
 my difficulty  recognition  various

 recognition  various
   difficulty 
 various
 laughter 

   Irigaray and the open door the chora and fluid mechanics Irigaray and 
the open door


 the chora and fluid mechanics  guitars
 the chora and fluid mechanics 
 guitars
 guitars

   and sitars and mrdangam and my recordings the movement and sitars and 
mrdangam and my recordings

 the movement  my hands
 the movement 
 my hands
 my hands


 film and video cameras and the transformation  mechanism to the
 film and video cameras and the transformation 
 mechanism to the
 mechanism to the

   internalized world  electronics    internalized world 
 electronics  the Everglades and their
 electronics 
 the Everglades and their
 the Everglades and their


   miraculous panoply  flora and fauna    miraculous panoply 
 flora and fauna  rare species and our delight
 flora and fauna 
 rare species and our delight
 rare species and our delight

   at seeing them for the very first time new species at seeing them for 
the very first time


 new species  the people I
 new species 
 the people I
 the people I

   have hurt and my inability to make amends the theory have hurt and my 
inability to make amends


 the theory  the abacus
 the theory 
 the abacus
 the abacus

   and the variety  historical and prehistoric abaci    and the variety 

 historical and prehistoric abaci  the community
 historical and prehistoric abaci 
 the community
 the community

 the
 the

   tendencies  my wor    tendencies 
 my wor  the micrscope and the interiorities made
 my wor 
 the micrscope and the interiorities made
 the micrscope and the interiorities made


   worlds to me my inability to seek or attain salvation worlds to me
 my inability to seek or attain salvation  the world
 my inability to seek or attain salvation 
 the world
 the world


 books and my loss within them and losing myself within them 
 books and my loss within them and losing myself within them 
   Azure and her love me which I will never understand Azure and her love
 me which I will never understand  my family
 me which I will never understand 
 my family
 my family

 whom I have cut f forever  my

f forever  my
   some 



 hello world
 

  application lesson the   
 application lesson the   applet which 
 application lesson the  
 applet which 
 applet which 

  application lesson the 

 applet which 
 
 applet which 
 
   laughing meme tradition says 
  
 laughing meme tradition says 
 laughing meme tradition says 

 laughing meme tradition says 
 
 laughing meme tradition says 
 
 so what is your second app  !
 so what is your second app  
!
!

!
 
!
 
 see  ! displayed on 
 see  
! displayed on 
! displayed on 

! displayed on 
 
! displayed on 
 
 applet which 
 
 js componentn this   
 js componentn this  
 
 

 
 
 
 
 in phython   in phython 
 in phython 

 in phython 

! also an infinite 
! also an infinite 

! also an infinite 
 
! also an infinite 
 
! systemoutprintln ! } } mainstring[] args { ! } } mainstring[] args { 
! } } mainstring[] args { ! systemoutprintln
! systemoutprintln

! systemoutprintln
mainstring[] args { 
! } }   
! } }  
 programs collection of trac   programs stood 
 programs collection of trac  
 programs stood 
 programs stood 

 programs stood 
 
 programs stood 
 
 edapplet lesson the   applet by following the steps 
 edapplet lesson the  
 applet by following the steps 
 applet by following the steps 

 applet by following the steps 
 
 applet by following the steps 
 
 so go for all my loyal readers never fear   is not 
 so go for all my loyal readers never fear  
 is not 
 is not 

 is not 
 
 is not 
 
jscomponentwin man's   javascript component   javascript component  
 javascript component   javascript component 
 javascript component 

 javascript component 

 javascript component   in gtk n gnomegtk 
 in gtk n gnomegtk  javascript component 

n gnomegtk  javascript component 

n gnomegtk  there 
n gnomegtk  there 

n gnomegtk 
n gnomegtk 

 with jpspan sajax  
 with jpspan sajax 
 applet named java in the html extends 
 applet named 
java in the html extends 
java in the html extends 

java in the html extends 

java in the html extends 

 application should see  ! displayed 
 application should see  
! displayed 
! displayed 

! displayed 
 
! displayed 
 
 applet which 
 
travelsinvirtualityjpg travels in virtuality   java 
travelsinvirtualityjpg travels in virtuality  
 java 
 java 

 java 
 
 java 
 
 program lets you learn and running the   
 program lets you learn and running the  
 app dm new dynamicmethod typeofvoid new type[] {} 
 app dm new dynamicmethod
 typeofvoid new type[] {} 
 typeofvoid new type[] {} 

 typeofvoid new type[] {} 

 typeofvoid new type[] {} 

 document  by demonstrate 
 document 
 by demonstrate 
 by demonstrate 

 by demonstrate 

 by demonstrate 

 the kernel j!nx computer baby creeper   baby 
 the kernel j!nx computer baby creeper  
 baby 
 baby 

 baby 
 
 baby 
 
 program main { printf n } this program 
 program main { printf 
n } this program 
n } this program 

n } this program 
 
n } this program 
 
! came down to how would you write ' ' in qt 
! came down to how would you write ' 
' in qt 
' in qt 

' in qt 
 
' in qt 
 
 tutorial ! itemid 
 tutorial 
! itemid 
! itemid 

! itemid 

! itemid 

 see you in germany football sport year   programs 
 see you in germany football sport year  
 programs 
 programs 

 programs 
 
 programs 
 
'   program  program 
 program ! 
! 

! 
 
 with application { consoleprintln ! tutorial 
 with application { consoleprintln 
! tutorial 
! tutorial 

! tutorial 
 
! tutorial 
 
 application author atozed  and   and   and 
  and  
 

 getting personal system   homebrewing 
 getting personal system  
 homebrewing 
 homebrewing 

 homebrewing 
 
 homebrewing 
 
 baby 
 
! } } directoryacetonedata  peswiki 
! } } directoryacetonedata 
 peswiki 
 peswiki 

 peswiki 
 
 peswiki 
 
artists liberating your art part   the artists liberating your art part  
 the  kempacom artists liberating your art part 
 the 
 kempacom artists liberating your art part 
 kempacom artists liberating your art part 

 kempacom  
 kempacom  

 kempacom 
 kempacom 

 servlet resinservlettutorial

 








 gallery  ! is such a simple program how not 
 gallery  
! is such a simple program how not 
! is such a simple program how not 

! is such a simple program how not 
 
! is such a simple program how not 
 


 main { printf n } usually it does not work the first 
 main { printf 
n } usually it does not work the first 
n } usually it does not work the first 

n } usually it does not work the first 
 
n } usually it does not work the first 
 


!   application edapplication you 
!  
 application edapplication you 
 application edapplication you 

 application edapplication you 
 
 application edapplication you 
 


! the basic programming language   description 
! the basic programming language  
 description 
 description 

 description 
 
 description 
 


 infinitely print  ! 
 infinitely print  


 plugin need to create a simple ' ' eclipse in 
 plugin need to create a simple ' 
' eclipse in 
' eclipse in 

' eclipse in 
 
' eclipse in 
 


serverc a   server
serverc a  
 server
 server

 server
 
 server
 






 you will need c# compiler   what
 you will need c# compiler  
 what
 what

 what
 
 what
 


! a new beginning   
! a new beginning  


 example   one of 
 example  
 one of 
 one of 

 one of 
 
 one of 
 


 server developing the   server this lesson 
 server developing the  
 server this lesson 
 server this lesson 

 server this lesson 
 
 server this lesson 
 


 style app generation of gtk mono drawing 
 style app generation of gtk
 mono drawing 
 mono drawing 

 mono drawing 

 mono drawing 



! simple example it contains only the bare  example it contains only the 
bare example it contains only the bare ! simple 
! simple 

! simple 

 example it contains only the bare  ! 
 example it contains only the bare  
 example brings up the words   moving up and down 
 example brings up the words  
 moving up and down 
 moving up and down 

 moving up and down 
 
 moving up and down 
 


 see you in year helpmambo   the 
 see you in year helpmambo  
 the 
 the 

 the 
 
 the 
 




 devnull & echo  ! exit this program 
 devnull & echo  
! exit this program 
! exit this program 

! exit this program 
 
! exit this program 
 


 tells the story   has two tiers language   has two tiers language  
 has two tiers language   has two tiers language 
 has two tiers language 

 has two tiers language 
 






c a   example in which a 
c a  
 example in which a 
 example in which a 

 example in which a 
 
 example in which a 
 


c privatequeuec a c a 
c a c a 
c a 

c a 



28 statements

0]+
 { print "the analog aligns with substance" }

a]+
 digital is based on epistemology and uniformity" 

b]+
 always already a mapping" 

c]+
 mapping analogy" 

d]+
 doubly-encoded" 

e]+
 real infinite raster" 

f]+
 "form extruded 

g]+
 integral calculus inheres within the analog" 

h]+
 differential digital" 

i]+
 signature analogous to body" 

j]+
 "type writing" 

k]+
 "inscribe in stone matrix" 

l]+
 chiasmus at limit" 

m]+
 "noise parasitic enveloping 

n]+
 simultaneously eternal ephemeral" 

o]+
 "technology substructure of 

p]+
 technological temporally splays leaks" 

q]+
 "from substance from 

r]+
 atemporal time analogical" 

s]+
 "a sentence through every sentence" 

t]+
 world world" 

u]+
 "fluid mechanics 

v]+
 constructible" 

w]+
 "what occurs 

x]+
 "fundamental particles biological neurons" 

y]+
 "digital levels homeostatic entities" 

z]+
 "material through" 

^$
 "analog digital, 




Abacus: The Pale


The abacus is generally divided into two sections - above and below the 
line. Below, each bead or token represents one unit. above, each token 
represents five units. Consider the units above indexical: the _position_ 
of the token represents either naught or five. But the units below are 
doubly coded: as ikonic, they not only represent one; they _are_ one. But 
in terms of position, the one is counted and accountable, or uncounted and 
unaccountable. Think on that.


text from Miami University (Ohio) performance tonight:

Once We begin we march to our deaths yes yes we do or or do we do we march 
to our death? Is our death collective? Universal? One or many? I'm sorry 
I'm much better at sound than visual. No wait I meant to say much better 
at ... not at writing ... I'm much better "not at writing." Wait, you have 
to see this. But I'm not so good "at thinking." How does one do something 
"at" writing or something "at" thinking? Excuse me, I'm cold; my clothes 
are lost in a suitcase somewhere outside Chicago.You're early, we're 
running tests here, although the performance won't be all that different. 
If you look for about ten minutes you'll have had enough and then you can 
leave and make room for the lines of people outside. Signed, "Henry 
Potter." "Man tries to climb so high and then He falls and falls ALAS" 
"Man likes to fire off his Thing ALAS" This is me playing a waltz. That 
was me stopping a waltz. This is Anja Schmidt. This is me and Sandy 
Baldwin discussing the phenomenological distinction between "analog and 
digital." This is me and Sandy Baldwin flying through the air across the 
river in New Jersey (from New York). "We can fly." I should tell you the 
performance won't be any different from what you're seeing now, honestly. 
I might be a bit more nervous, that's all. Graphics are graphics. Well, 
anyway these were done around the time of the scandal over the Abu Gharayb 
prison in Iraq. And some of the guards involved in that, they were from 
West Virginia. And this was produced near the area where the guards, some 
of them, were from. So it was natural for me to work with disturbed, torn 
bodies - here's another one - you might have already seen this last night 
- I'm supposed to start in six minutes but this is only forty seconds 
long! I've used up all my material! FUCK! Maybe you'd like to hear a kid 
screaming. This kid from West Virginia can do this! I can't. I don't know 
how he does it. His family "doesn't encourage him." You just can't get 
enough of screaming kids! Think positive, think MARTHA STEWART! (Have you 
seen Wednesday's The Apprentice? I had to show this stuff instead. I don't 
know who got kicked off. Pleas see me later and letme know.) - on the 
right, one of the major scenes of car wrecks in Orange County California. 
That curve sneaks up on you! Ok, me, age fourteen. I knew a girl. I "fell" 
for her. More of the West Virginia work. Somewhere between avatars and 
shamans and the torture at Abu Gharayb there lies a whole politics. I 
can't tell you the politicxs "but I can tell you this/" These figures were 
animated by using motion graphics - a motion graphic device - by messing 
with the mapping of the sensors that are placed on the body - rearranging 
them - just as figures are rearranged in torture - just as torture (and 
Merce Cunningham for another example) pays little attention to the natural 
attitudes of the body. So the body - with the motion sensor stuff - was 
divided and splayed and redivied and the result is a remapping back on to 
bodies that makes little sense but for a kind of emotional economy.... 
(TURN AWAY YOU MIGHT NOT WANT TO SEE THIS BLUSH!) Instead of being 
introduced, think of this as an introduction: MY NAME IS ALAN SONDHEIM AND 
I AM NOT ON MY 
MEDICATION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!WWELL, hmm, that's 
enough of that... See, what happened, my baggage was lost by American 
Airlines (PLEASE KILL AMERICAN AIRLINES BURN THEM IN HELL 
HAHAHAHHAHAHHAHHHHHHHHHHHZ) and so I'm working without my 
PLENIPOTENTIARIES - part of what I'm doing, trying to control these images 
- so they make some sort of sense - at times they seem to take over, take 
control - I'm wll aware of the sexuality/politics of the images, I'm not 
imagining things...I'm spoiling things, this is the grand finale and it's 
hardly just started. Terrific, so much stuff to look at. I'll try and tell 
yo what's here - the antenna movie in the upper left - searching for 
places to set up low frequency radio antennas - they need to be away from 
civilization - in the wilderness away from power lines - the recordings 
you're hearing are fromm the radio somewhat modified - then the category 
of natural/industrial - two films going through my images trying to find 
those which fit (I think ) into oene or another - I've got two naturals 
running, gotta tkae one out - Let's listen to the kids. Okay it's like 
this, THE KIDS ARE OUR FUTURE> (hell, that's not me , that's the 
medications talking!) - well .... This is my partner and me being a happy 
family in Santa Ana Clifornia on a residency program going about our 
business and singging and dancing like any happy family there's also 
simulated sex of course but that's , ow I don't want to inerryot tg HELL 
interrupt the bowing...
Ok picture this... it's three in the morning and there's a huge explosin 
outside our loft in brooklyn and G comes runnin and in and says the water 
mains blown and sure enoughs o so we run out and watched it fill sthe 
subway and tear the street apart. Some of you saw this last night BUT NOT 
THE WHOLE THING.
well I'll dsappoint you again. This is all my work forthe past twelve 
years. Richard Nixon put it beest "When the tough get going the good get 
tough." Well, that's easy for me to say. What amazes me about the United 
States at this point in time - is how the social safety net has been 
totallyeliminated in the four or five years of the Bush administration. In 
NY where we live (Brooklyn) there are suddenly dozens of homeless people 
and the soup kitchens are overflowing and no one is giving to those 
charities because the war in Iraq and Katrina absorbed the funds. So 
anyway In Huntington beach california, there was this fourth of july 
parade. and it was like the parades in the Soviet Union in the fities and 
sixties, goose-stepping kids, lots of armor, lots of salutes to the 
military - at least for me - i lived through too much of that periiod - it 
was frightening - and it was all for the sake of oil - Huntington Beach 
was at one point one of the largest producers of oil in the US - and these 
grasshoppers - this oil rigs - carrry american flags on it as if it makes 
everything all right - in Salt Lake City, dusk settles in, turns to night, 
the landscape is fairly devoured within the city limits, there's a short 
path, "nature path" through it, the Jordan River, it turned night there 
-we saw a couple of foxes that managed to survive . these were dreams and 
nightmares of figures and it took about two hours to make this - no this 
one took an hour I KNEW WHAT I WAS DOING (said GOD).normally at this point 
I'd BE ON A ROOLLL and everything would be working perfectly hin harmony 
that is, but now already things are a bit out of control. here's a bunch 
of films all at once - can you tell which is moving? If you were seeing 
this in a theater and it was a harry potter movie, you can be sure 
soething really remarkably dramatic would b e going on. So hmmm... I'm not 
sure how to deal with this - I think the figure on the right HAS 
DIPTHERIA. Just watch. The woman above - hmmm.... she's got CHOLERA and is 
writing (heh what a misprint) wrything writhing in her last moments of 
life. Oh god I just looked to my right ALL OF YOU ARE STILL HERE... fuck, 
I didn't think so many had come . If you arrived in the last three or four 
minutes, you're lucky, you'll think this is all NEW. So you don't have to 
see the DUMP MOVIE again, how idiotic! God I could just watch myself on 
the screen forever and ever. Back to politics. The next video was shot on 
the grunds of the World Trade Center and the soundtrack is modified from 
WIFI signals in the area. Hold onto your hats! THIS I could WATCH FOREVER 
- this is the inside of my brain..... Is there a doctor in the house 
(doctor = sysadmin). At night, for exaple the night before last, I dreamed 
of bodies like these. And this afternoon I was napping and I dreamed of an 
explosion inside the equipment, that is, inside the euqipmetn, the digital 
equipment, that I was using to make these images. And the explosion 
happened inside me and the explosion destroyed me and all that was left 
were these images but you needed to understand the protocols to make sense 
of the images and maybe you didn't know the protocols or the protocols 
were absent ... So if they were absent, you'd have these bits and pieces 
of things, but they'd only be bits and pieces of flesh or something like 
flesh - the secret codes - that make things move - these codes would be 
gone they'd be gone gone they'd be gone machines - there'd be nothing left 
- you wouldn't see the bits of flesh hanging off the avatars - the 
animations which were nothing more than digital surfaces stapled LITERALLY 
on human bodies, the screams would be covered up, by --- I really can't 
think this through any longer, it's all there in the BOOK THE BIBLE.
At night, as I said, these things mix, they mix with me, they mix with the 
political and the death of bodies - It seems, I'd think, you could tell 
with of these figures on the left - which was real. But I'd have you 
fooled.... men are so stupid... On the right, yet another scene from 
Harrpy Power... On the left, yet another sceeen from Irak Warrior online. 
I recognize the hour on hand...
the hour on hand... this is somewhere somewhere this is... coming towards 
an end... The idea (according to Schelling - rather the Idea - is that 
when you play beach volleyball you PLAY WITH SOMEONE. hitting into the 
voice is a pure act of a very different sort of creation.... I think it's 
this.. that I'm just fucked up, that I think if I can't do something well 
at least I can do more of it - and that will make it better. But it just 
gets preposterous....sometimes you just do this sttuff and it stops
THANK YOU FOR COMING. There will be some time for questions and answwer s 
-

_


ok, the buddha stuff < my > is running out of steam.
so what if the real can be turned beautiful?
can you turn prisoners out of hidden torture camps?
interesting to watch shattered-usa try to get out of this one.
we don't torture but whatever we do we protect you.
buddha disappears into a blur of colors.
the cpu distorts the reality it creates.
nothing is distorted and everyone using a computer knows nothing is
  created. misery becomes everyone in the world.





glow

perhaps like bachelard, believing in the secret life of things.
but is a reference necessary? things have their own glows, lives.
these lives are my comfort zones

the mystery of the vacuum, filament glows, hearths, from bulbs, tubes,
unlike the flatness of lcd screens (their own colder glows, glacial,
nonetheless kindly, empathetic)

when i was young, i would make drawing after drawing, tiny villages
from above, surrounded by protecting walls, almost a maze to enter,
i was safe there, i could leave, return home against the onslaught
and violence of others

sparking in vacuums, closed glass bells, inert and noble gases, and
the orange hue, the promise of life in the heart of radiation, of
radiation in the beating heart of life

throbbing candle flames, lanterns, amplifier and preamplifier tubes,
delight of email, lives through wire-nerves, radiation-nerves,
speaking to me, whisperings from the planet through the hours of day
and night, distant glimmers of eternity

darkling protocols, your imaginary voices, voices of the imaginary,
here i am, here you are, there i am, there you are, thinnest of 
glass enclosures, rounded and subtle, skeins of lives and families,
murmurings of love, colorations

vacuum uncanny, our absence from visible space, emptied, but not
quite, the quantum hearth churns, there are radiations, gravitations,
crossroads of silences, rumors of darkness and universal endings

but cathodic, traumatic, heatings, warmth of instrumentations, that
slightest trembling, our passional heat, our soft sleepings within
the blanketings of worlds and lazy atmospheres



the seed - ( secret interior life / drawings w/ 
comfort zones / mysteries of the vacuum 
glass / throbbing )

( our universe tiny, our place smaller, we huddle against the cold 
to come, we will have gone by then, we will unremember )



performance text, Sarah Lawrence, 12/08/05


i is cold here are you is cold. arrgh. should there be rhyme? this is 
close to the apocalypse. it's daytime in iraq. the 9/11 commission: "we 
fail." this is live. "this is memorex." it's i'm not sure what time in 
pakistan. winter's coming in. winter's coming into thailand isn't it? 
perhaps thailand is in south america. i don't know. something happened 
there and a lot of people died.
these images... sometime after abu gharayb i began dreaming of torn 
bodies. no that's not true, it happened a lot earlier, but abu gharayb 
confirmed things, that the united states was as capable of as much 
slaughter as any fascist country, thank you condaleeza. however you spel 
your nam. when you take a program and run it to its limits, you get these 
figures. the program tries to makesense of the files just as i try to make 
sense of the world but the world is going much too fast. every time i wake 
iin the middle of the night my entire life flies before my eyes. or rather 
i hear it before or within my ears. it's fast and furious. it's mapped 
everywhere. when i showed this work recently someone said it was just 
likie bush torturing people. i walked ou on him and almost came to blows 
but i avoided blows later someone else said i was closer to the apocalypse 
than anyone he knew.
how close can you get to the apocalypse? answer: 1.3 yards.
we are learning new ways to march which is all to the better. imitation is 
the best policy in guiding our young people in their future choise of 
carerrs.
what is surprising is that one wants to write anything these days. given 
the world-wide slaughter going on, it's hard to concentrate on a proper 
metaphor, what would work in a reading/writing, what wouldn't. even 
sending these images to the sky, absolutely a failure in the guise of 
someone on the ground just shot or blown up in iraq or on the streets of 
new york city.
i just can't get enough of drumming.
maybe if it wasn't so cold i'd be better able to think. welll i was away a 
few days ago and sat at harriet beecher stowe's desk where she wrote uncle 
tom's cabin so i sat at the desk and wrote to my uncle hymie.
this is the wolf at the door. after the bombing of the world trade center. 
shot obviouslly in the 'bathtub area' of the ruins. well i'd write some 
lyric poetry but my uncle adorno said i wasn't allowed to after auschwitz. 
well, i don't know whether i can agree with him or not but at least at 
this point i've forgotten how to rhyme. this is gerald edelman at a recent 
conference explaining how the brain works. well, i was jealous and all i 
could do was destroy his speech. heres an island for you. its reallly oil 
derricks off of long beach in california. people live out there. you could 
swim out to the derricks and the water is clean. or at least i think it 
is.
gary came to the door at 3am and said the water main broke and we went out 
and filmed it as the water went throgh the subway system and flooded 
through the cracks in the street. now... you might not noticve it, but 
this war, these wars, now they're continuous, there's no break, in 
war/terrorism/disease, whatever your pleasure, but these wars, they're 
really about the body, they're econsconsed in the body, i think that's not 
the way it's spelled, all this torture, lydnie englang posing with 
capitves.... all these signals, secret signs, the beheadings, if nothing 
else, you might want to watch one... on the internet, they're there, show 
you what's going on, someone else was killed, how? , today, bodies are 
turned into substance, that's the way apocaypse works - these were 
produced in west virginia, near ground zero of abu gharayb - i've tried 
god kknows i've tried to make sense of the world! i'm doing it at the 
moment it's impossible, too many things, what you're hearing now, this 
isn't the nuclear family, these are sounds... emissions.. from auroras, 
lightning, cosmic rays, magnetic storms, sunspots, the fury of the 
universe picked up by these antennas, now you hear the family now you 
don't. in any case, as you know, ahem, sexuality has increased on 
television something like two hundred percent since 1750!!! what a waste. 
iin fact, there were very few instances of intercourse or other naughty 
bits during the whole nineteenth century... it wasn't for lack of trying, 
certainly high definition came in around 1830 buit the studios were 
slow... on trying to decide what exactly to show...
it's ot silent, it's music for your ears.... i always love this one, it's 
west virginia at it's best, this kid can do this and it cn be heard for 
mielles, or at least into the other room -
now here's a poe.m someone called me a poet recently and i almost killed 
him. what's a poet? if we're not working at the edge of things are we 
doing anything at all? this is all my visual work for the past twelve 
years, i wanted to present something to you showing hmmm... my entire 
oeuvre, i hope you're not disappointed, it's really the only way... to 
guage the life of an artist, his/her works, what he/she is capable of, for 
example you might notice even at this speed that most of the photographs 
are in focus what you're hearing now is the dawn chorus, honestlyh, that's 
what it's called, it comes around dawn, very low frequency radio, just 
about the frequencies that you use when you talk, you can hear it 
sometimes, i'm not sure wht atht that it's exactly known,,, whatsproducing 
it.... but it began before humans ever hit the surface of the earth, even 
hit the surface of the earth running, one might say primoridal, since, 
since at least the beginning of the big bang, all the way back then, these 
crackles, this almost=whispering, some people think it's ghosts, aliens, 
it's just something to do with the ionosphere and the channeling of 
particles within it ... i took everyhthing i every made, it's cold typing 
here, i'm losing a bit of control, you can tell, the words just aren't 
flowing, but they really enver do, anyway, there are two categories from 
my images, natural/industrial, i went through... a little rorsach test... 
figuring out what i was interested in... why, becuase i made the images in 
the first place... someone had to do it... i can't stand the dawn much 
longer. that's better... almost human, something to listen to... i'm 
searching for something else to show you.... let's see, perhaps degas' 
dancers will open... some of the files have disappeared ALAS but that's 
what happens when you work on the internet....j oh god please turn 
away!"sondheim's show was seriously awful," not "awfully serious" as he'd 
like you to believe! anyway, you can only imagine... going into a museum 
and sneaking BENEATH the metal dress of one of Degas' dancers, shooting 
up, there were guards all around, i bet they never looked! actually there 
wasn't much to look at, to be honest, degas was naughty but not that 
naughty..
the best thing about landscapes is that they're unsteady - the 'ust' was 
created for an online site dealing with tsunami stuff - you can destroy 
whole towns with the click of amouse, or at least corrupt a file.... maybe 
not even that - in any case what you're hearing, this isn't earthquake 
proof this is the sound buildings make when you raise the pitch a little, 
i forget what building made this but i'll never forget her voice...
and this was done thinkingabout mining in pennsylvnia, wwe were just 
talking about that, something like 50000 dying every decade from the small
counties and towns in northeast pa...  - do you ever wake up in the 
morning or the middle of the night and say to yourself"
i want my work to MEAN i want to make a DIFFERENCE in the world and you 
realize no one is thinking
 (shut up! i'm in the middle of a bad poem)
and you realize no one wants to hear what you're saying anyway
and there are os many things you migth say or write
but then you think
IT"S ALL BEEN DONE BEFORE (now I'm REALLY ON IT HEH!)
yes, everyone has heard EVERYHTING BEFORE, just like that but then (THANK 
GOD FOR MULTITAKSING) but then ... it's oddly quiet here... i'm on my 
own... i'm not sure what else you migth want to see, the surfrod movie 
just died on me, shouldher is still runing, the willat sond is mubmbling 
in the background, that's more building stuff slowed up
NOW WHAT YOU'RE hearing really isn't sound recorded by a microphopne - it 
just sounds that way - these are antennas that are coupled to radios - 
you're hearing radio interference - Azure's stomping, coupling with the 
antenna, generating static electricity, the mandolin strings are coupling 
with a second antenna. so h.... it's not like, it's not like the real 
labor of music, O THE BEAUTY!
this is foofwa' d'imobilite dancing as fast as he can and i'm playing as 
fast as i can and azure' ignoring us. we did this twice in performance, we 
lasted about ten minutes, it doesn't look fast but honest.. it is ... 
wait, i'll show you later. please note: the image on the right is 
something to entertain you.
you can do neat stuff with it. it's a kind of sex-machine but it's really 
nothing but a two-dimensional projection of a bunch of polygons.
btw by the way this isn't sped up, foofwa dances like that, eats fast too.
ok, as you can tell i'm trying to figure out how to end i'll play some 
fast guitar and show you , well, his presentation sucked, it was all over 
the place i didn't get a damn thing out of it but he sure can play fast 
guitar
...and people thought that hippies were dead....
what's interesting btw about this series, these visual echoes of my work, 
that one picks out, the bodies stand out, the nudity appears almost 
foregrounded, it's the way the mind works, almost imprinting, well most 
likely instinctual impriting, against everything else, the chaos of 
everyday life, sooner or later this soundtrack will run out and i'll be 
done, we started with moments of apocalypse and torture, ran through a 
whole middle section of nothing much happening at all, but i think i saved 
it with some really terrific guitar playing, something like yo've never 
heard before, there goes a whole blues! just like that, i wish i could 
type that fast, it would make for a much ore interesting evening,, thank 
you, good bye



Disappearance of worlds, all is lost, every moment of every day, what is 
right and wrong in this and any other picture, even the microbes change, 
transmute, worlds crumbling, worlds unnoticed, deaths of worlds, our 
deaths, our worlds among them

Disappearance of worlds, Edwin Schroedinger, the room in Arosa in the 
Annex of the Villa Dr Herwig, here one can imagine the desk, the chair, 
the books that were to change science, the air and its chemistry which has 
long since disappeared (replaced by combustion byproducts, radiations and 
other pollutants), the microbes in the cracks of the wooden floor, 
seepages where the walls cornered, ceiling interstices, and all since 
mutated, the particular smell of the place, the atomic-molecular 
constitution of the room which has disappeared forever, the sound of the 
snow perhaps, the coldness underfoot, perhaps the fire and its specific 
smokes and crackles, Schroedinger's pen, unobserved, the richness of the 
leather, the muted sounds coming from without, the air of excitement in 
cause of the reinvention of the physical worldview of the universe, the 
glazed sky, the cold crystalline air, the surfaces cold nearer the floor, 
warmed elsewhere, to the touch of Erwin Schroedinger, these moments, the 
memories of Schroedinger, his may loves, the woman who shall forever be 
unknown, his accommodating wife, the paper unruled perhaps, his amazing 
concentration, remnants of holographic notebooks, the winds and rattling 
panes, perhaps the sounds of wolves, animal scurrying in the underbrush, 
iced trees and long walks leaving damp spots, slight stains, in the room 
where Erwin Schroedinger compiled and completed the reintegration of the 
physical Weltanschauung of atomic and subatomic physics, the buildings 
perched on the hillsides, the peaked roofs, the dark gables and white 
exterior walls, the windows pursuant to the inn-keeping of warmth and the 
inhabitation of Erwin Schroedinger and the women who accompanied him, the 
distant sounds of vehicles, the Christmas of 1925, the new year of 1926, 
the smell of food, coffee or tea, in the room, the love-making of Erwin 
Schroedinger, the completed meals, the food taken away, the quality and 
color of the plates, the cups and saucers, the metal slightly cold to the 
touch and taste, of the spoons and forks and knives, the slight scarring 
of the body of Erwin Schroedinger maturing into early middle age, the 
women and the solitude, the specific references surrounding him, papers, 
notebooks, the presence of the telephone, the quality of its ring, the 
electric lamps and the dusk of falling snow, the worrying and the hounding 
of equations, the explanations of variables and constants, mathematics of 
quantum physics and vibrations of atoms, eigenvalues and functions, the 
distractedness of Schroedinger approaching the shores of universal forms, 
subtle background of chimney smoke, the inkwell and the black ink, the 
book of Schlesinger on differential equations, the sounds of laughter in 
the room of Erwin Schroedinger, the tinkling of glass from another room, 
smells of meats and vegetables suffusing the space of wave equations and 
the presence and slightly sexual smell of the unknown woman and Erwin 
Schroedinger, the air at 1700 meters in the Alps, the shadows and presence 
of the Weisshorn, the pulmonary tuberculosis of Erwin Schroedinger, the 
Viennese cook and the healthy cuisine, the small sounds of the pen moving 
across the page, slight cough of Schroedinger looking forward to the 
coming year and many more, the deep and sincere belief in the value of 
physical theory, the startling sound of a bird in the distance, echoing 
against the slopes, the rumours of Davos, mice scuttling across the floor, 
drifting snow outside, the windows darkened momentarily with a wintered 
squall, somewhere a crying kitten




I'm sorry I wasn't able to deliver your message.


In Geneve the dancers waited in the cold.
The image bloomed and blossomed and the world faded.
Parochial, I only remember Claire and Mary.
The Shelleys watched the domestic drama unfold.
They died but not here, nowhere near here.
Apologetically, they left the film and story.
http://www.asondheim.org/gen.mov
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "female_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "female_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "female_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "female_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
(Name: "male_body.zip")
Male and female bodies were zipped closed against the wind.
You can imagine who bundled up who.
We all wear culture underneath our clothes.
Our skin is our message.
The dancers of Foofwa d'Imobilite were immobilized.
Their only desire on the bridge was warmth and a comfortable home.
The United States of America would free them democratically.
Iraq = the Christmas-time joy of the whole wide world.
Jesus gouged the eyes of Jahweh Allah.
Jesus: "All gods see better now."
The dancers disappeared like ghosts upon the bridge.
Their bones were ice; their skin, fire; their minds, clear and bright.




birth of code unease

there is no birth of code, perhaps it is our universe.
any representation is already embedded in another.
perhaps you can't have representations without symmetrical substructures.
with 2nd-level code that's certainly true.
but a painting is another matter altogether.
in a painting (this is a painting of code), the eye does what the eye
 will (what one wills) (what is emergent (out of (in relation to)) chaos).
what i will <-> thinking a posteriori, the periphery.
i would have willed this if it would have been willed.
perhaps these sentences are phrases, unpunctured, opened
the world is all that is the easement
one can always try to force heidegger, i.e. retreat to alterity
why is there something rather than nothing <-> not always already your
 words, not even the ghosts of words, not even your own
(the) question(s) dissolve(/s) in the wind of presence
in this sense (inverse), why/cause = god
appeal to meaning, transcendence, and human culture falls to its knees
http://www.asondheim.org/birthofcode.jpg
in any case, my pleasure, your presence
in any case, your presence, my pleasure



credo

unutterable horror

if I did not _this_ and _now_ it would not, would never be, would never 
have been, done; this is the unutterable horror of death, with which I 
face every moment of my existence. I imagine myself near death, with the 
recognition, whatever I do not say _now_ will never be said, that these 
sights are my last, my own, and not my own; that my possessions, which I 
have carefully tended for so many years, will lose their inherent skein 
with new distributions; that I will never see an end to anything, nor to 
myself. with unutterable horror I continue to write, as if texts would 
stave death from proximity; these myths no longer work; I no longer sleep, 
or no longer sleep well; I survive to write _this_ text and only _this_ 
text; what I have promised myself - the knowledge of a new language, a 
visit to a foreign country - will never be done. when I open a book my 
first thought is always, will I survive to finish it; will this make a 
difference, certainly not to myself, on the verge of total annihilation. I 
cannot imagine such; such is literally unaccountable, unimaginable, 
replete with intrinsic absence. every saying, every utterance, is a gain- 
saying. this horror is not abstract; it is as concrete as the physical 
pain I also inhabit, and only the onslaught of physical torment will make 
my death bearable. I am a coward; such is not the case until disease or 
accident wills it so. I write, I create, as fast as I do, because it is 
all I can do; it is the only thing to be done; it is always the last rite; 
it is never enough.




the soul

I almost grasp the soul, which is obdurate, inert, hard as any real, ready 
for the byte of heaven/hell, nothing liminal, intermediary. battles are 
fought for it; the soul is the soul of war, of possession, the spoils of 
war. it is the soul that motivates the imaginary of occidental thought 
into anthropologies of conquest and conquest itself; it is murderous, of 
value in the service of God. the soul is not the mark of reincarnation, 
nor the mark of its own bardo-making and unmaking; instead, it is a thing 
and a treasure which is unquestioning of existence, ontology, nothingness. 
question the soul and our dis/ease is evident; what we cherish is our 
ruin, and the ruin of others. the soul separates us from ourselves; an 
invention of the desert of nomads, it is the last stronghold of a world 
always already slipping. the legends of buying or selling souls are always 
uncanny and always speak the truth of fable's metonymy. look to the soul 
for violence; it is incapable of redemption, incapable of entrance and 
exit; it is nothing at all but slaughter.


in the land of the presence of gods
gods descend from the mountains
of gods there are many
of mountains there are few
in the land of the presence of ghosts
the paths from the mountains
earths and wind-swept gods
gods are ghosts ghosts are gods

of ghosts there are few
ghosts are mountains mountains are ghosts

speech

ascend from the valley 
descend from the valley
the excavation or hole at the top of the valley
the mountain or protrusion at the bottom of the valley
"it is the privilege of the prophet to descend into the valley
from the mountain where truth is closest to god. the people in
the valley wait for the prophet with delight. the prophet
speaks slowly and takes his time."
on the mountain the prophet speaks with a roar and a fury
in the valley the prophet speaks with delight and a song
"sometimes the prophet is silent, speaking by way of travel.
to and from the valley with a roar and a fury, to and from
the valley with delight and a song - that is the speech of the
prophet."
we belong in the valley, the prophet proclaims from on high.
with the sign of the curve and the next curve around (at a 
furious speed with a roar), the prophet gives us his sign.
"we ascend from the valley in the chariot of prophecy, with
delight and a song, we descend from the mountain with a roar
and a fury."
"spoken to, we speak for the first time, primordial origin of 
speech."


Culture of Lies


I was listening to the Colbert Report the other night; Carl Bernstein was 
on. He answered briefly and to the point. His take on Bush and company: 
lies. His take on current politics in this country: bought.

These are corporate behaviors, or behavior-sheaves, interconnected modes 
of action. Corporations live them; lies are brought and formulated in the 
workplace as everyday matters. Ethics is compartmentalized and doesn't 
apply. Skip to Hiaasen's 60 Minutes interview and you'll find more of the 
same analysis.

I lived within this culture when I taught at Florida International a few 
years ago. I was dismissed and the tenure-track line canceled as well. I 
was told by the department head the cut-back was financial and came from 
the dean. I was told by the union representative that the cut-back came 
from the department. When I took the job I was told that there was 
suitable equipment and funds for the position. When I arrived there wasn't 
any. My partner was told that a museology line was in place. There wasn't 
any. I was told I'd be given fund-raising contacts. There weren't any. The 
department announced to the local paper that it had built a new multi- 
media classroom; it hadn't. I was told my situation was my fault; was the 
dean' fault; was the department chair's fault; was the governor's fault. 
Whatever happened there, and I don't know to this day, I behaved ethic- 
ally (but neurotically); the surrounding culture didn't.

It's easy to live according to the cover-up and the world's technologic- 
ally smarter than it was in Nixon's day. Lies are distanced through the 
media; you can believe you're behaving ethically because otherwise you're 
just speaking through a microphone. The public here buys into that; a 
recent poll for example shows that 56% of those interviewed favored 
government wire-tapping if needed. This is fundamentally against the 
principles of America, as is the notion of the collusion of religion and 
government, as well as military pre-emptive strikes. Growing up here means 
growing up through WWII, Korea, Vietnam, Libya, Nicaragua, Granada, Iraq, 
and hosts of other conflicts. We live within a militarism that has no need 
to pay attention to the local verbal conflicts here. The majority of 
Americans favor gun laws; we won't get them. The majority favors health 
care; we won't get it and we're told on one hand that seniors are given 
additional choices - at the same time the safety net is being eroded to 
nothingness. We're told we have a crisis of social security at the same 
time we're paying exponentially-increasing health-care costs and doctors 
and drug companies are getting richer. To give you again an idea from 
personal life - we live here in Brooklyn on around $18,000/year. My father 
pays my health care, or most of it. It's the rock-bottom at $6000 a year. 
There's also 'co-payments' every time I see a doctor or get medicine; 
there's a $100 deductible on drugs yearly. This is obscene; we're so far 
below the poverty level it's ridiculous, and at the same time, there's no 
safety net - yet we pay taxes to fund Halliburton and an outrageous deadly 
war in Iraq.

In an idea world, Bush Inc. would be held accountable; he won't be. The 
culture closes, forecloses, on itself. It's everyday business, just like 
Nazism was everyday business. But this is in for the long run; these 
people are self-preserving. The scandals make no difference at all; the 
truth is always seen as contestable, just as Darwin or weapons of mass 
destruction are contestable. The culture of lies depends on one hand on a 
population willing to put up with autocracy, desiring autocracy, as the 
safety net disappears; it licks its masters because there's no other game 
in town, except religion, already bought and sold and integrated. The 
culture of lies depends on the other on a verbal sophistry which is based 
on a notion of the insignificance of truth; truth is reserved for one's 
inner soul, for the Rapture, for the back-room - men are like that. The 
lie is possible because the language of finance, not personal and verbal 
language, carries the greatest weight; it's not for nothing that we have 
expressions like 'the buck stops here' and 'the bottom line.' This is also 
the reason, by the way, that American political rhetoric is so filled with 
sports talk; the game plan is to win at any cost. Sublimating truth into 
the arena of arenas backs up a culture of gambling, the killer play (not 
unlike the killer app) - a culture in which ontology has shifted from the 
oath and linguistic performativity to stock-market performance. This is 
fundamental, however trite it is (i.e. 'money talks' which just about sums 
it up); the culture of lies _is_ a culture, and needs the security and 
stability of big money for those who play, or those who hope to play, it. 
It ensures it's the only game in town.

On the farther end of the spectrum is the rest of us, lying as well for 
that matter, just as embedded. We're the embedded reporters in fact who 
bring back from Iraq what the government and military want us to hear; 
we're the 'crackers' and everyone else just getting by, moving through an 
increasingly implosive world of drought, extinctions, and information, 
leaving us behind. The superstructure has finally succeeded in taming the 
base; the base is whatever the superstructure says it is, until famine 
sets in, and then war - required as well by the superstructure. It's a 
different ball-game.

There's no end to this analysis which has been told over and over again, 
and we continue to tell it, just was empathetic magic is based on 
repetition. It's no use, except for self-comfort late at night; the 
culture of lies will bring us increasing war, violence, violation of human 
rights, and poverty - all in the name of fighting terrorism, playing on 
the internet, living the good life, betting on the Superbowl, making sure 
we have 'no child left behind,' counting on the 'village' it takes to make 
a child, waiting for the Rapture, fearing the hyperbolic hyperviolent God 
fundamentalists purvey, and buying mostly on credit, houses, cars, SUVs, 
cable television, high-definition TV, Ipods, camcorders, computers, 
Internet connections, Caribbean cruises, ecotourisms (which are not that 
'eco'), factory-'farmed' meats, hunting expeditions, fishing trips, 
visiting the natives, mega-speakers, cell phones, camera phones, 
text-messaging phones, video phones, back yard pools, swing sets, personal 
trainers, gym memberships, fashionable clothing, anti-fashionable 
clothing, guns, knives, sex-tapes, miserable health-care, processed foods, 
the latest cosmetics, unbelievably bad school systems, Bibles, church 
memberships, Wired magazine, Fortune magazine, Time magazine, Sports 
Illustrated, Reader's Digest, plastic toys, plastic toy guns, skate- 
boards, off-road vehicles (which tear up the wilderness), jet skis (which 
pollute the water), power-boats (which have wounded every single manatee 
still alive), yachts, cruise-control, lawsuits, and just about everything 
else that keeps the American public way down (and falling) on the quality- 
of-life index. This is the new world of freedom, as Absolut as it's going 
to get, and we'll do everything we can to get to the finish line.



i'm sick, this is a variation
want the characters to fly
and be attacked by tetrahedrons

that's what usually happens
when we get up off our feet
and try to do god's good sweet work

http://www.asondheim.org/runnerb.mp4

in any case, i've got a flu or 'the' flu
i can't tell which
i'm not hanging around birds but i'm run down
hope my fever drops, bandwidth goes up

hello to everyone from the other side

body and soul


The noun atman _soul_ is widely employed, in the singular (extremely 
rarely in other numbers), as reflexive pronoun of all three persons.

The noun tanu _body_ is employed in the same manner (but in all numbers) 
in the Veda.

(From Whitney's Sanskrit Grammar.)

http://www.asondheim.org/body.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/soul.mp4




or i will have gone underground
or i will have been fugitive
or azure support me in the final decades
or i will ignore my life
http://www.asondheim.org/gasp.mp3
or i will embrace you in the tombs of my desire
or i will come to you with bullets and red bandanna
or i will walk the path among the graves and cloisters
or they will take me in or they will not take me in
or dust remains of humans buildings
or remains of animals plants all living things
or unbreathing or the least message or massage
or the last missive or the last missile
or we will have gone together or the final assault
or fugitive


# 
#	#	#	#	
#	

#	# # 
# # # 
#	# #	
#	#	#	
# 

#	# # #	
#	# 
#	# #	
# 

# # # 
#	#	# #	

# # 
# #	# # 

#	# #	#	
#	#	
#	#	# #	
#	

#	# # 
#	# 
#	#	#	

#	# # 
#	#	#	#	
#	
# #	

#	#	

#	# # 
#	# 
#	#	#	

#	#	# # # 
#	#	#	#	# 

#	# 
# #	
# #	#	

#	#	

#	#	#	#	
#	# 
#	#	#	# 
#	

# #	
#	
#	#	#	# 
#	
#	# #	

#	# #	
#	
# #	# #	
# # # 
#	#	#	# 
#	
#	# #	
#	
# #	#	

#	#	# #	
#	# #	
# # # 
# # 

# 
#	#	#	#	
#	# 
# 

# # 
# # # 
# # 
#	
# #	
# 

# 
#	#	#	#	
# # # 
#	#	#	
#	

# #	# # 
#	
#	# 
#	# #	
#	#	#	

#	#	

# #	#	
# # # 
# #	
#	# # # # #	
# 

#	# # 
#	# 
# #	
# 

# 
# # # 

# #	#	#	
#	

#	# #	
#	
# # 
#	#	
# #	
# #	#	
#	
# #	#	

# # # 
#	#	# #	

# 
#	#	#	#	
#	
# # 

# #	
# # # 
#	# # 

# #	#	
# # 
#	#	
# 
#	# #	
#	#	

#	#	

#	# # 
# # # 
#	#	# 
#	# #	#	
# #	#	

#	#	# 
# #	
# #	#	
# # # 

#	#	# 
# #	
# #	# #	
# # # 
#	#	# 
# 
#	#	#	#	

#	# # 
#	#	#	#	
#	# 
# 

# #	# #	
# # # 
#	#	# 
#	# #	#	
# #	#	

#	#	

#	#	#	#	
#	# 
#	#	#	# 
#	

# #	#	
# # # 
# #	
#	

# #	#	
#	#	
#	#	# #	
#	#	# #	
#	
#	# #	
#	
# #	
# 
#	# #	#	
# #	# # 

# #	#	#	
#	#	# 
# 

#	#	

#	# # 
#	# 
#	#	#	

#	# # 
#	#	#	#	
# # # 

#	#	

#	# # 
#	# 
#	#	#	

# 
#	#	#	#	
#	
# #	

#	# 
# #	
# #	#	

#	#	#	#	
#	# 
# #	#	

#	# # # 
#	#	# 
#	#	#	
# 

#	# # #	
#	#	# 
#	# #	
# #	# #	
#	#	#	#	
#	# 
#	#	#	
#	
# #	#	

#	# 

# # #	
#	#	# 
# #	

#	# 
# #	
# #	#	

#	# 

#	# # 
# # # 
# # 
#	# 
# #	

#	#	# #	
# # # 
#	# #	

# 
#	#	#	#	
#	

#	#	#	# 
#	
#	# #	
# #	# # 

#	#	# #	
#	#	
#	# #	
#	#	#	
# 

# 
#	#	
# # 
#	

#	#	#	# #	# 
.

xxxxxA.Wx.S2RxIGNxxIGIxxRZxOxxDEPxxB=xAAAPxBBB=TT6EUE
xxxxEKA.EMx.S2RxIGNxxIGIxIxRMIxOxxDEPxxx B=xAAAPxTSBBTVTT6EUE
x xxxEKARKWAK.S2RxITNNPTxIGIxIKRMIxMTxJEDEANxxxx BBTxAAAPxTSBTS=TT6EUE
xxxxQGEKETRKEMAKExS2RxITNNPTRCIMEIxIIKENMIAAMTxJEDEANA+xxx8xxBBTxTAAAPLDT
STSTSTVTTTHEUE
PQMTOxGxRTARKWPTAxSUMENCTIGNPTAxEIGIxDFTAEMIEKOJEAGDEANECNEPXYxFCYDENUxAE
TAAPRLDENITSBTTTNSEITE
xxMNxxA.Wx.S2ENxIGNAKxIGIxxRZxOxxDEPxxxxB=xAAAANxBNIB=TT6EUE
xxOExxAExWxRKS2RxIGNWAxIGEExxRZxOxxDEEGxxxWB=xAAAWExBBB=TTDIEUE
xxxxxARKWx.S2RxIGNPTxIGIxxRMIxOxxDEANxxx B=xAAAPxBBTS=TT6EUE
xxxxxA+TWx.IE2RxIGNxxIGIAxxRZxOxxDEWExxxNI=xAAAPxBBDE=TT6EEAE


 I SLAUGHTERED HUNDREDS

 EE EEE ETEE ET EET TTE EEEE T E ETE E TEE EEEE EET TE TEE ETE E TEE EEE
 TTEETT EE TETE ET TE ETTTTE T TEEE E ETEE EE E EEET E EE T TE TTT ETT E
TETET ETT ET ETE EE EEE EEEE E ETEE ETEE TTEETT TETT TTT EET ETTTTE EEET
 E EEEE E ET ETE TEE T EEEE ET T TTEETT TEEE EET T ETEE ET TE TTE EET ET
 TTE E TEE TTT E EEE TE ETTTTE T TEE TTT ET TE TETT T EEEE EE TE TTE EET
E TTT ETE T EEEE TTT EEE E EEE TETE ETE E ET TT EE TE TTE ETT TTT TT E T
E ET TE TEE TETE EEEE EE ETEE ETE E TE EE TET EE ETEE ETEE E TEE TTEETT 
ETE EE TTE EEEE T EE TE EETE ETE TTT TE T TTT EETE TT E TTEETT EE TETE E
T TE ETTTTE T EEE ETTE E ET TET EE T TTEETT TT TETT TT TTT EET T EEEE ET
TTTE EEE EEE T EET EETE EETE E TEE EET ETTE EEETET

 IEIENEAEATNEIETEAEENEIIEATENEAEENEIEMIMEENNETNEMMETNIEENEIEEITEITTEMTAT
AAAEMETAEIEIEIEEAIENEMIMTATMTITAMNEITEIIEETAENETIIETTMIMTIEITTAIETNTNEAE
TMEENEMTEIENEMMETNEMTATENMTEIEITEMEIN MTAETIITMEIEEITAEAEEATTITEMEATMTME
TEA NTITAEIIEEAIENETEITAEEAIENEENEMIMENEEMEIITEENEAEAEMTNTTMEAEMETNATITA
EATEAMNTEIEMEEATAEETMIMTTNMTTMTITTIIEMMEIEIETITINEAEENEITANEINT

 ISAIAUMEESTEENETISEEANDAEENEEIGWINNANWGTDEEAIIEEUEITTETMW RKATETENISIIE
EDAIGWNMOITEONSTEESEARNETIIATTDMDEEATEDANMEEAAGEDMTEIETEEONTTIOANNMTESIN
MEER OAETIIOIEEIETRAEEAMINMEEMOMENANDNNSEEEEDAEENINTEEEDAIETIGWAEEEGIITE
ETEERAETMNTTMUETTEMUTEETRAN WGTSANEETTAITTDMMKTTTTMUTSEEONSIETITERINETIU
ANSK

 IEIEDAEATNESTERENEIIEATENEAEEDSZMEENNETNWGTNIEREIEEUEITTEMTATxAEMETAEIS
SEELREMxKTMTITAxSTEIIEARDTIIETTZMTSUTAIETNGUAGENEMTESNExETDOATENMTSEINGF
 ORTIITMEIESKEAEEATTINGWOMENANTITRHILRETEIKILREEDZMENEEGHTEENUEAEMTNTTME
RMEGWITRATEJNTSWEEATAEETZMTTNMTTMTITTHWGSSTITINERENEITANEFT

 IIEREAUTNIITERENESEUNTIAEETIIExTICANJNTBEREIESTEEETTEOW+TWAENISHEREREGW
TWTMITWGEUESEEETRDTSEATGWTSEATLANGUETGEDOESNAxTDOANYTIIINTNINOENTHOEIEST
RENEAMITEGWOTTETEANNEKESEILRENEEKIEDEDEDxTRIGESTITEUERONTOERTTETxITRETN1
ETEIANEANTITGWTTKTMOEATH1ESEITUEREREDUEGEx

 ISLAUGESTEREDHEANDAEENES,INNANWGTBELIEEUEITTEOW.WETRISHELL,YOITJNSTEHEA
RNETIIATZMDEUTLANGEAAGEDMTEIENE9TDOANNMTESINMEF OAETIIOSESTRAEEAMINMEWOM
ENANDCHEELRENIKEELLED,REEGIITEENERAEONTTMUEMExTITRAN'TSPEATAITZMMYTTOUTH
E9SIETITFFEDUANSK

 ISLAUMEHTEREDHITNNEREDIE,ICAN'TBELIEIAEITNTMW.WARISSEEREL,YMTUE9EUEHEAA
EDTHETTGWDEUTLETNMEUETGETIOESTE1ETDOANKTTSEINGINORTHOIEESCENEAMINGWOMETE
ANDCIIIEDRENEEKEELLEDGWRIGSETINFRMTNTOUEME,ICAN'TSEGEETKEETGWMYMOITTSE1E
SSTUFINENEUEGSK

 ISEDAEAGESTERENEHEANNEREDS,EECETNWGTNIEREIEEUEITNMTW.EMAAEISHELRE,YMTUA
xSTEHEARDTIIAT,TSUTLETNGUAGENEOESNE9TDOANNMTSEINGF ORTHTMSESKEREAMINGWOM
ENANDTRHILRETEIKILLEDZMREEGHTINFAEONTOERME,ICAN'TSWEEATAIT,TTYTTOITTH'SS
TUINFEDITPEx

 ISAIAUGHTEREDSEUNDREDS,ICAN'TBELIEVEITNTMW.ATARISIIELLGWYOUE9STEHEARNET
HATZMBEATLANMEUAGEDOEIENJNTDOANYTESINGF ORTHOSEIECAEEAMINMEWOMENANDNNHEE
LAEENIKIEDLEDGWREEGHTINERRTMNTTMFTTExTICAN'TSPEAKITZMMKTMOUTSE'SSTUFFETI
UAN

 ISREAUTNHTERENEHUNDAEEDIE,ICAN'TBEREIESTEITTEOW.WARISHELRE,TWOIT'EUEHEE
TRDTHAT,TSUTLANGUETGEDOESN'TDOANYTHINGINORTHOEIESTRREAMITEGWOMETEANDKEHI
LRENIKILEDED,RIGHTINUERONTOERMETxITRAN'TEIPEAKIT,TTYMOUTH1ESSTUFEREDUPEx

 ISLAUGHTEENEDIIUNTIRENES,ITRANE9TDEELIEVEEETNOW.WARIEIHEEDLMxYTMUJNVEHE
ARDTHATTxBUTLANGEAAGEDTMESN'TTIOATEYTIIINMEFORTESOSESCREATTINGWOMENANDCH
IAIRENIKILLED,RIGHTINFRONTOFME,ICAN'TIEPEAKITTxMNMMOEATHE9SSTEAFUEEDUPxT

 ISLAUGESTEREDHEANDAEEDS,INNANWGTBELIEEUEITTEOW.WETRISHELL,YOIT'STEHEARD
TIIATZMBUTLANGUAGEDMTESNE9TDOANNMTHINGF ORTIIOSESCAEEAMINGWOMENANDCHILRE
NIKILLED,REEGHTEENFAEONTTMFME,ITRAN'TSPEATAITZMMYTTOUTH'SSTITFFEDUAN

 ISLETUGSETERETIHUTEDRETIS,IKEAN1ETBEAIIEVEITNOW.WARISESELAI,KTOUWGVEHEA
ENDTHAT,BUTAIANGUAGEDOESNWGTDOANYTHINTNFORTSEOSEEICREAMINGWOTTENANDCESIL
ENENINTILREEDxTRIGHTINFRONTOFMEGWICETN'TSPEAKIT,MYMMTUTH'SSTUFFEDUP

 ISLAUGHTEREDHUNNEREDIE,ICAN'TBELIEVEITNOW.WARISSEELL,YMTU'EUEHEAAEDTHET
T,DEUTLETNGUETGEDOESN1ETDOANYTSEINGINORTHOSESCREAMINGWOMETEANDCIIILRENIK
EELLED,RIGHTINFRMTNTOUEME,ICAN'TSEGEAKEET,MYMOITTH1ESSTUFFENEUPSK

 ISLAUGHTEREDSEUNDAEEDS,ICAN'TBELIEVEITTEOW.WAENISHELLGWYOIT'VEHEARDTHAT
,BEATLANGUAGEDOESN'TDOANYTHINGFORTHOSESTRREAMINGWOMENANDCSEILRENIKIEDLED
,RIGHTITEFRONTOFTTE,ITRAN'TSANEAKIT,MKTMOUTH'SSTUERFEDUP

 ISLAEAGHTEREDHEANDREDS,ICETN'TNIELIEEUEITNMTW.WAAEISHELL,YOUAxVEHEARDTH
AT,BUTLANGUAGEDOESN'TDOANNMTHINGFORTHTMSESKEREAMINGWOMENANDCHILRETEIKILL
EDZMRIGHTINFRONTOFME,ICAN'TSWEEAKIT,MYTTOUTH'SSTUINFEDITP

 ISLAITGHTEAEEDHUNDREDS,ICAN'TBELIEVEITNOAT.WARISHEAIL,NMOU'VEHEARTITHAT
MxBUTEDANGUAGEDOEEIN'TNEOANYTHINGFORTHMTSESCREAMINGWOMENANDCHILRENIKILAI
ED,ENIGHTINFRONTOFMEMxICATE'TSPEAKITMxMYMTMUTHWGSSTUUEFEDUP

 ISLAUGHTEREDHUNDREDS,ICAN'TBELIEVEITNOW.WARISHELL,YOU'STEHEARNETHATZMBU
TLANGUAGEDOEIEN'TDOANYTESINGF ORTHOSESCAEEAMINMEWOMENANDCHEELRENIKILLED,
REEGHTINERRONTTMFMExTICAN'TSPEAKITZMMYMOUTH'SSTUFFEDUAN





void


exercise in depicting the void
from an astronomical image
situated somewhere in orion

where it is told*
if one drops a pebble
it doesn't fall but remains
there,** that's all - remains
in the middle of the image

http://www.asondheim.org/void1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/void2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/void3.jpg

*legend
**however, lost



Night for Day

tap2 is 'Night for Day' stars two characters in bittersweet memory dreams as 
they wander through industrial landscape only to emerge bittersweet in doomed 
lagoon

longhost2 must be played with 'Night for Day' it is the sound track of their 
doomed ghosts in bittersweet memories of nights and nights for days.

longninetheta must be played with 'Night for Day' it is the neural waves
freed from day and night, bittersweet and industrial please note not for
listeners subject to seizure

longninetheta to be played on occasion longhost2 to be played eternal

http://www.asondheim.org/longninetheta.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/longhost2.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/tap2.mp4

download loop both against the other
download play against the loop
this is _dance_ on deadly earth
you will contradict me not for long






Listening to the Power Grid


A 100' external long-wire antenna is connected to a VLF-3 receiver 
grounded in the building. The receiver output is recorded on a Sony
minidisk. The final result is filtered until patterns are readily
discerned. The jpg below is from SpectrumLab of the raw material.
Frequency shifts show a moire-pattern in time.

http://www.asondheim.org/gridnoise1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/gridnoise2.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/pwrgrid2am.jpg





long-wire recording experiments with signal processing

fieldphone8 as newly received transmission

http://www.asondheim.org/lw6.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/fieldphone8.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/lw1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/lwradio1.mp3

representative samples of relatively small size our enclosed

I wish to point your attention to the musicality of lw6, the
shuddering of fieldphone8, the universal sky-murmur of lw1,
the untuned schizophrenia of lwradio1

U-shaped long-wire antenna, around 100 feet.

note: the aesthetics and philosophical concerns, in relation to body, 
audio spectrum, aurality, sexuality, and digital and analog phenomenology,
are clear. an exciting thesis may be created in relation to these concerns 
but would this be anything other than an academic exercise in theorizing? 
I give you instead the raw material from which stars and theories are 
formed. you may do something with the second, not much with the first. in 
any case it is out of my hands, and into yours.


_


Sound Images

Spectrum Lab images from the soundworks earlier.
The "pillar" images are from the EE8 field telephone bell.
The others are long-wire sounds

http://www.asondheim.org/thin1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/thin2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/thin3.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/thin4.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/thin5.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/thin6.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/thin7.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/thin8.jpg

_


   ... forms and spaces


   ... true, the physical act of drawing or painting chinese
   ... characters embraces modalities of space, time and
   ... movement for kwong-gordon, the fluid and intuitive ...
   ... space-time code designs were either crafted by hand or found
   ... while other imaging modalities provide high
   ... resolution localization of brain ...
   ... true proposed as complementary modalities to x-ray.
   ... mammography the underlying principle of microwave ...
   ... imaging via space-time (mist) beamforming for breast ...
   ... modalities of healing are energy or love, and come not from the
   ... reality there is no separate space and time, only a
   ... single unity called spacetime. ...
   ... highly recommend the hand gesture as one of their interaction
   ... modalities recognition of space-time
   ... handgestures using hidden markov model. ...
   ... ai that operates on pure logic - no sensory
   ... modalities, a curved trajectory
   ... exists only in spacetime; in any given frame, ...
   ... true a space-time theory of pitch and timbre based on
   ... picture of the external world that is in
   ... register across the sensory modalities and the ...
   ... space-time theory of pitch and timbre based on ...
   ... picture of the external world that is in register
   ... across the sensory modalities and the ...
   ... true monitoring a region in a variety of sensing
   ... modalities (acoustic, seismic, sensor field
   ... decomposed into space-time cells to enable distributed signal
   ... true modalities (space, time, operating. subjects).
   ... time-space analysis of temporal. compatibility. knowledge
   ... objectives, activities and tools modalities of space-time


origin of dance

it was very hard to see enemy. enemy lived in caves. enemy has always 
lived in caves. first enemy destroyed lions and sloths and tigers. then 
enemy destroyed mammoths and mastodons and great auks. now enemy destroys 
enemy. now enemy destroys us. we say 'yes yes yes.' this is origin of 
song. enemy titillates us with brilliance and amazing sleazy sex-life.  
enemy ties us up willingly. then enemy buries us in caves. we did not 
expect that burying. enemy uses only sticks or rocks for messages. enemy 
uses only messaging voices and reminding paper scraps. enemy whispers 
'take heed take heed.' we are twisted by beauty of enemy world. we step 
over bodies of cave bears, cave wolves, sabre-toothed tigers, dodos, 
carolina parakeets. cave reeks of them. their stick bones stick in us. 
enemy lances our cunts with mastodons. enemy lances our pricks with 
mammoths. this is 'jumping-about.' this 'jumping-about' is origin of 
dance. 



genlauf

Most usually you do not write me, and for those of you who are unreading, 
those of you I do not know But you are on the same wires and in the same 
habitus nonetheless, otherwise separated since the beginning of communi- 
cation among us. Always the telephone appears the last resort, only a 
century and more old, but the grain of the voice, the guarantee of 
presence however distanced. From here in Geneva, international city of UNO 
and communications, Alabama room of the Geneva Convention, I wander from 
place to place, searching for connectivity fix, tenuous, fragile, precious 
in the sense of vector thrown into uncanny space. The unbelievably small 
space of the city, perhaps a kilometer or two, is sufficient for meander 
from sleeping space to rehearsal space, that most intense communication of 
bodies in largesse prescenced within one another, the room with the scent 
of movement, emotional tensors. Like you perhaps we held our breath, 
almost in tears, as the Chinese pair skated to second place after a fall 
that would be devastating to any dancer, and is always present, the 
potential for a living career ended in one inadvertency. I search for your 
presence among the bodies here, the lived wires, the plugs peculiar to 
Switzerland for the most part, the coursing of electrical current, Romania 
and Croatia and Bulgaria loud on the short-wave. The waters from the Jet 
d'Eau course through our veins as we imagine skate-boarding perhaps 130 
meters up in a swirl of water that would break a finger faster than a 
match-stick, close down the throat, explode the body across the lake. As 
far as we can tell, no one has done this, although all our lives we're 
picking up the pieces.



From Art. 14., "The Monthly Review for August, 1759" 


John Yeomans' _The Abecedarian, or Philofophic Comment upon the Englifh 
Alphabet. Setting forth the Abfurdities in the prefent Cuftom of Spelling, 
the Superfluity of Letters in Words, and the great Confusion that their 
ill Names, and double Meanings are of to all Learnings. With modeft 
Propofals for a Reformation of the Alphabet, adapting fpecial Characters 
for that Purpofe, at being the only Means practicable whereby to render 
the fame distinft, uniform, and univerfal. Alfo, a Word to the Reader, 
fhewing the Indignity of Ill Habits in Lecturers pointing out to them the 
Beauties and Excellency of graceful and fine Reading. Likewife a 
Syllableium, or Univerfal Reading Table, for Beginners, calculated after 
the prefent Ufe for the Way of all Schools throughout the kingdom. 
Together with a Difcourfe on the Word, or A-Tau, tetragrammatical, 
preceding thofe Tables._

[...]

"Words are not, as some gross ears interpret, only a grinding or chafeing 
of found of types and letters, ftriking the outer ear by the operation of 
the breat or fpirit; but they are very man or mono, principle, and very 
felf, everlafting, of infinite, dread-united meaning, the exprefs 
difpofition of his nature in the heart, and not in the inked or graven 
fign. They are fpirit, and they are life; they are death, and they are 
deftruction; and their types are purely banners to avocate and fummon the 
mind back to itfelf, when ftolen or ftrayed away, and to regulate the 
fenfes in wifdom, truth, and holinefs. The word is very God and very 
Devil, good and evil, virtue and vice; and letters are as fhadows to 
reflect the life. Herewith blefs we God, and therewith curfe we men, who 
are formed after the fimilitude of God. _In the beginning was the word, 
and the word was with God, and the word was God,_ &c. We have only ufe for 
letters now to help and comfort us in this mortal ftate; for in the 
immortal, every good man fhall be able to will at will, felf-quicken, 
felf-move, and alfo felf-comfort; always pure, always in order; at once 
hearing the most pleasant and fweetest love-chord harmony; tafting without 
fufeit ambrofia, and the all that is good, and delicious. Sufceptible of 
inbred divinity! fmelling the moft fenfible perfumes; knowing all things, 
intuitive of all things, and all in all with God himfelf. The plain 
fignification of _word, verd,_ or _green,_ or _verb,_ is perennial or 
durablenefs; being of _virtue_ or _worth-ue,_ or _werthe,_ of the family 
of _vir's_ and _viri's,_ man's name or the NAM; and nothing but what is 
virgin virtuous can be manly, or is worthy of that venerable and divine 
appellation; but differently, is vicious, unnatural, unworthy, ungodly. 
None, for this caufe, fhould open their lips unwordily; forafmuch as the 
very word itfelf is _werthy_ or _werde._ And the holy fcripture faith 
exactly to this effect: _Let all who name the name of Chrift depart from 
iniquity._ Neverthelefs, fhould there be no found heard at all from the 
lips, or corporeal tongue, or man's own felf be apprehenfive by letters, 
yet in fecret whifperings the heart pronounces, and the will and fpirit do 
utter within, amazing languages."

Amazing languages, indeed! What a will or fpirit that muft be which 
dictated fuch to our author!

The reader will, doubtlefs, by this time, think we have difplayed very 
fufpicious marks of our author's being _non compos_; and therefore very 
incapable to draw up the beft plan, that _ever was, or ever can be 
projected,_ for the improvement and eftablifhment of the Englifh language. 
According to his own requeft, therefore, and on his own terms, we confign 
_him, and his proposals, to be cancelled, and his name and honour to be 
buried in the duft._






Four Dances: Screen, Bait, Abu Gharayb, Electric


1. Screen

Projected video with dancers before the image - as if it's a multi-media 
performance, dancers 'inserted' into on-screen narrative - but they're out 
of sync, they don't match up - the narrative falls apart, it's a mess - 
they stumble on-screen as well - it's amateurish, a poor attempt - it's 
trying to compete with the big multi-media companies - reaching beyond 
what the company can do - the dancers are angry - they're really angry - 
they're in front of an audience in a production which is falling apart - 
they didn't sign contracts for this - one of them walks off - there's a 
gap in what's left of the narrative - this continues until the projection 
comes to an end -

The video is poor, hand-held, amateurish, shaky - with some of the same 
dancers - they speak a bad pointless dialog - along the lines of

"Where's Dmitri?"
"I don't know. The Revolution is about to begin."
"I love you, Martya." "I love you too Johannes."
"But we can't wait forever." 
"No, we can't wait forever. They're looking for us all over the city."
"Are you sure they're looking?"
"No, I'm not sure. But then... I'm not sure of anything anymore..."
"That is why I love you, Martya." [...]

There is some action - anxious walking about the city - nervous, they look 
behind them, they're watching - they think they're being watched. And yes, 
they dance all of this, on-screen, off-screen. The live dancers may speak, 
try to make sense of the dialog; they can't. The live dancers may be the 
same as the on-screen characters; it would be best, however, to split the 
company - half on, half off, as if they're trying to come together across 
an impossible ontology.

Bad film music from the screen, 'programmatic.' The live dancers simply 
don't understand.


2. Bait

Either projected video or live - a nude man and woman masturbate stage 
left; they are nude, exposed; the dance ends when they cum. They observe 
two dancers -

Either dressed or nude - ballet positions, lifts, contacts, splits (facing 
audience and masturbating couple) - the dancers sexually aroused - if nude
(preferable)

Masturbating constantly during their movements (the man clearly erect, the 
woman with her hand increasingly wet, the audience close enough to smell 
the scent of sex) - if at all possible they cum simultaneously with the 
masturbating couple.

Swan Lake or some such music.


3. Abu Gharayb

Dancers act out positions of prisoners in Abu Gharayb photographs. Lyndie 
England is played by a prima ballerina, her fiancee by the lead male. The 
dance should move from position to position. At first it appears opportun- 
istic; it becomes increasingly uncomfortable to watch, as if England and 
her fiancee were becoming too involved in the violence. Faked blood, 
bruising, should be used, as well as leather masks, ropes, etc. .

In other words, a series of iconographic figures. The lead dancers try 
their best to behave as beginners - in dance, in torture. The rest of the 
company is appears reactive; they're uncomfortable in their roles (often 
nude) - broken, scraped. The audience wants more; the audience wants none 
of it.

The prisoners are arranged by the lead dancers. They resist weakly at 
best. The lead dancers appear simultaneously American and Imperial (i.e. 
of any emblematic power). The prisoners appear as Other, signed as Other; 
nude, they are the same. The prisoners have nothing. (Perhaps, but only 
perhaps, the lead dancers carry Bibles. Or there are Bibles at hand. Or 
there is a cross at hand. Or a crown of thorns.)


4. Electric

The dance-floor is covered with wire - grids, meshes, barriers. This acts 
as an antenna for VLF (very low frequency) radio. The antenna is fed 
through heavy notch filters cutting back on the local (60hz, 50hz) power 
grid; it leads to a NASA VLF-3 radio whose output is fed back into the 
space vis-a-vis loudspeakers. For one to five dancers. Dancers should be 
nude or with little clothing; they interact with each other, with the 
wires. Actions include sliding fingers and palms along the wires, wrapping 
the body (limbs, neck, penis and breasts if nude, fingers, waist), moving 
in and out of contact with other dancers. Performers should try to 
maximize sound production as inductance, etc. change. Stage lighting is 
sinusoidal, i.e. lights slowly increasing to maximum, then decreasing to 
darkness, and back again. At first this appears as 'effect,' but it soon 
establishes the rhythm of the dance.

The dancers 'worry about' the wires, about dancing among the wires, 
between the wires, on them. This may not have been in the contract. (The 
contract might have specified, however, 'any and all.')

The dancers behave as ionizations, lightnings, atmospherics, insects, dead 
and live wires, environments. Tech runs a sound-board with effects, 
including the possibility of sending the sound through AudioMulch or other 
similar programs. The dancers establish and contradict their own rhythms. 
The sounds screech and roar.

==

The dances reference projections, introjections - screens, bodies, poli- 
tics, physical fields. Elements from one - for example Bait - may be mixed 
with others - for example Electric. Screen and Abu Gharayb are resonant; 
Abu Gharayb and Bait are resonant.

The dancers are reeling, on edge, nervous, difficult, a problem, their 
desires constrained by spectacle. The dancers are on exhibit, behavioral 
codes thwarted or broken. If a dancer feels comfortable, he or she should 
push the dance further.

There are many kinds of ecstasy, violence. Ecstasy and violence, beauty, 
sexuality, and horror, interpenetrate. For the dancers, everything is at 
risk.

After the dances, the dancers should be hurried off the stage.

==

Back-stage, a room of rest, meditation, place of transformation from 
politics 'and all the rest' to everyday life. This space is inviolate. 
Dancers (perhaps) may use the room during a performance for recuperation. 
Perhaps the stage is emptied.

Video is always an emergency. The dancers emerge into (their) (other) 
skins.

Every piece may end early. A program may consist of one to four pieces. 
The specific choreography, if there is such, is created by the head of the 
company, in line with the intentions of the dance.

For Abu Gharayb, the lead dancers should be dressed in uniforms identified 
with empire and dictatorial power. For Electric, nude dancers may have 
lightning bolts drawn on their skin - drawn as children would draw; the 
bolts would blur with sweat. For Screen, the dancers (perhaps) should have 
specific character costumes; they are 'in character' - their character is 
taken away from them (by mismatched blocking, pacing, clumsiness). The 
dancers in Bait, if nude and masturbating, should dance perfectly, 
(perhaps) facing the audience as much as possible, as if - Look, this is 
what I can do in this doubling of art and arousal (as if there is a 
difference). As if - I am aroused by the audience (by you) (in the line of 
sight). For Abu Gharayb, the dancers form a closed circuit; for Electric, 
an open one. For Bait, a circuit in the form of a lasso; for Screen, a 
demonstration to the audience, acting-out for the audience.

Finally the length of the performance(s) should be predetermined only as a 
maximum, the rest decided by the exigencies of the choreography and the 
ability of the dancers to continue performing in these abject or particu- 
lated circumstances.



Host


[Entering is: Alan is a newbie needing a desc.]

Room: world

Everyone arrives in the room. A storm rages.

You are all alone here.

Access is fixed to PUBLIC and there are 0 messages on the board.

[Entering is: Nikuko is a newbie needing a desc.]
Nikuko says: Hello Alan!
You may call me Jennifer. I am wandering here in this world.
You say: You may call me Jennifer. I am wandering here in this world.
Nikuko says: There are no descriptions in this world. 
To describe is to be human. To describe is to give meaning to a
discontinuous continuum.
You say: To describe is to be human. To describe is to give meaning 
to a discontinuous continuum.
Nikuko says: I'm in the midst of loss. In mourning for my country. 
Presage of collapse and empire. Ragged surfaces no longer whole.
Stumble, stumble, leave no 
thing unturned, untoward. 
You say: Stumble, stumble, leave nothing unturned, untoward. 
We are utterly flat.
You say: We are utterly flat.
We are inconceivably flat.
You say: We are inconceivably flat.
Nikuko says: Thin like a knife cutting through the knot of argument. 
Against a sky evenly illuminated, always the same, our words change 
nothing.
Words are given speech, perhaps you were not aware. Of the words and
sounds and murmurs surrounding you.
You say: Words are given speech, perhaps you were not aware. 
Of the sounds and murmurs surrnding you.
Nikuko says: I cry for the moment of disconnect. I don't want to leave 
this space. MOTHER, MOTHER!

;a sound
Alan a sound
Nikuko a sound

Nikuko says: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
Nikuko says: Space fills with presence, unnamed space.

Space is never named.
You say: Space is never named.

;desires all bodies 
murmurs in all spaces.

Alan desires all bodies murmurs in all spaces.
Nikuko desires and desires...
Nikuko says: JENNIFER!
JENNIFER!
You say: JENNIFER!

.rev
*** Room conversation buffer ***
Alan says: Stumble, stumble, leave nothing unturned, untoward. 
Alan says: We are utterly flat.
Alan says: We are inconceivably flat.
Nikuko says: Thin like a knife cutting through the knot of arguments. 
Against a sky evenly illuminated, always the same, 
our words change nothing.
Alan says: Words are given speech, perhaps you were not aware. 
Of the sounds and murmurs surrnding you.
Nikuko says: I cry for the moment of disconnect. I don't want to leave 
this space. MOTHER, Mother!
Alan a sound
Nikuko a sound
Nikuko says: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
Nikuko says: Space fills with presence, unnamed space.
Alan says: Space is never named.
Alan desires all bodies and murmurs in all spaces.
Nikuko desires and desires...
Nikuko says: JENNIFER!
Alan says: JENNIFER!
*** End ***
On Wednesday, 1st March, for a total of 0 hours and 8 minutes.
Connection closed by foreign host.


the company

the company in action with the master-camera
the memory of a dancer is in hir muscles
the body is a muscle
the brain is a body
the brain is not a muscle
the body of the dancer is eternal
long live eternal bodies
eternal bodies are digital
digital bodies can never be destroyed
digital bodies live forever and i don't mean on television
i don't mean on computers either
the company is the company of digital bodies
vulnerability is a trick
my name is damaged life



The Hurtling Towards Death


O Dance apostrophic, embrace death, the body fails and falters, expends 
what remains of its energetic treasure. Forestalled by documentation's 
impoverishment, your slightest gesture remains unfulfilled, latent, lax, 
amidst the machinery of calculation, rigid ordination of numbers. 

Translation of Dance, the capturing of death, its swallowing by ordinal- 
ordination, the descent to the floor or basement of the binary, what is 
analogic reproduced by raster tending towards the infinitely fine. What
is missing -

What is missing are two wildly disparate orders of calculation, of 
mobility itself, orders which only approximate one another through techne 
and speech, code and partition. One order, that of the calculated, the 
production of parallel numerical streams representing movement and the 
muscle-mind of the Dancer (who is technically _the Danced,_ the one who 
_is Danced_ by the Dance), and the other, the frequency-laden irreducible 
neural spill of mental activity, electrical, emission and spew. 

For the mind-breath, O Dance! is reproducible only by itself, maps only 
onto itself as itself, inasmuch as the ordinal-ordination-ordinateur of 
the Dance reads and writes you as input/output, perhaps infinitely 
parallel streams, nonetheless perhaps not even clocked, nonetheless, 
across that gulf of into- or onto- mappings, or rather mappings with 
continuously-modifying metrics, nano-second by nano-second, there's no end 
to it, no beginning.

O Dance! you're nothing more than the ordinary-ordination body moving 
through space, the body of itself, at rest in and of itself, the blessing 
of the incontrovertible complexity of the world, its inhering. Any 
reduction quietly speaks and conjures the factory, automaton, robotics of 
precision and repetition. O Dance! We're not speaking of life-force, we're 
murmuring the litany of the infinitely-small, surrounded by shells and 
carapaces of computers-ordinators, maternal-paternal projection against 
the pulled muscle, the sprain, the torn ligament, the bruise. And O Dance! 
We would make of you an entire world, cosmos-Dance, ocean-Dance, particle- 
Dance, what would we do with that?

Impossible of representation, humans never give up trying, violating voice 
and mind, ordinal representation (and who said nothing about the nuggets 
of the cardinal?), the numerical cut, the definition. Jump to edit-points, 
application of points, applique. An imposing edifice! Numerical-numb, the 
prisoner of flesh, the Dancer-manque-Danseuese -

Technology of stage and lights, phenomenologies of distribution - O Dance, 
dream aloud! Dream quietly!




Millennium performance text 3/18/06

pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, we are fastened to the world.
pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, we are fastened to the world.i 
onlyhave a limited amount of material here, I'll have to repeat myself, 
apologies because this doesn't happen in the real world. there are two 
united states airplanes pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, we are 
fastened to the world ad there are many ways that the world speaks to us 
through vibrations of buildings or radiations in isolated places where we 
can listen without or outside the power grid the world manifesting itself 
through the body of dance. through the upwelling of inconceivable matter. 
through manifest electromagnetic waves surrounding us. through eventhis 
mouse and this mousepad and antenna connected, irradiating, fulfilling dna 
with subterfuge with the possibility of decay, decadence, pronouncements, 
but on what? imperfectly, we are fastened to the world my life is taken up 
with power grid in precise increments of 60 or fifty cycles per 2nd. 
*/probe 1 of the doctor/* I'm from this moment on, using up all my 
material < -- > interacting with the and at the same time, the presence of 
the doctor or antenna, the splitting of the body, the memory of some 
things you might have come across before, or sometimes entirely new, the 
revelation of the antenna coupling the dancer to the earth/ground of the 
material powergrid substratum of the grutli room rehearsal space in 
geneva. foofwa was bleeding after this. next time we are moving the piece 
to the alps. anything in the environment that conducts
body < === > electro-surface . pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, 
we are fastened to the world < === > vlf radio desiged by nasa in the 
background. we are breathing ions. ah this is so damn clumsy,you're seeing 
the inside of my mind < === > inside of muscle memory of dancer mind/body 
of what is recalled from past choreography or so it was explained to me. 
this was a particular move (left) that could only be repeated once while 
on the right (right) is the dictionary order of nude descending a 
staircase divided in the midst of itself . ultimately, of course, the 
dancer is completely alone on the stage pronouncements, but on what? 
imperfectly, we are fastened to the world by the stage, by the appearance 
of the stage. recently it has come to our intention that we are living the 
shadow of the cave of course you've heard this all befrore (that little 
boys love women). (that lkittle boys are scared of women) that little boys 
need to be probed. that the probe is based on the simultaneity of 
repetitoin. at this point sondheim was 'in the midst of ' a system of 
imags almost always out of his control, dancers he worked with with their 
own agenda, past memories both problematic and inaccessible, 
pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, we are fastened to the world, 
the world tethered by such pronouncements, on the surface of the world, 
not hardly but in reality on the surface of the fastner itself. did i tell 
you this story? about the fantasms of henri rousseau, were genevan or 
francais, in the midst of the grutli rehearsal space, simultaneous 
confession and exact resistance of logic? perhaps you have heard something 
of the island where the birds were raised?
when the phone rings you can look at the voice. 
this is true. i haven't heard from her since. 
pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, we are fastened to the world.
this is true. the president is in the plane.
(think: geneva international)
FILMED IN PAL!
thank god that's over with. i said ok that's over with. 
the floor of the grutli is a deleuze-guattarian nomadic surface of the war 
machine becoming-woman. (it's theory, so it's ok if it's boring, 
apologies, I'm sorry). well the idea of this is that the president can't 
get into the big meeting because he can't clear security so he's stuck 
there with the rest of the iraqis.
"when the war machine meets the security clearance of the radiation-ether 
molecular transformation of the GOD=DOG it's impossible to predict the end 
of narrative, much less the end of narratology" -= John - Jacks - 
Rousseau.
"alan and azure at home while he (alan) was working on this precise video 
and performance (material)" - sartre. the bodies twisted _among 
themselves_ not among others, i.e. responsible for the central content of 
the image, Courbet's >entrance and exits from the world in the midst of 
the family drama/<===? (yes, well, chaos). i keep thinking, it's never 
enough, there's never enough images, since images = 
tethering,pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, we are fastened to the 
world = there's no possibility of more / less in this regard - as i've 
said many times before, this is the totality of my still image work for 
the past twelve years. one can only hope for example that if there are 
sufficient numbers of such things, the bodies remain fasted.
do bodies remain fastened, ever? 
remain fasted? the anorectic body sufficient in that state, the dancer 
disappearing into the dance, the muscle disappearing totally into memory, 
nothing remains / noting remains / but memory - almost every dancer i've 
known has had bouts of anorexia/bulemia - many were abused - the dance is 
simutalenously a remembrance and a forgetting, the muscle simultaneously a 
release and a binding - "When I make these imags, I"m sure there's an 
order to them, a logical progression from one toanother. Then I realize, 
it's all a fiction, just like the narative pronouncements, but on what? 
imperfectly, we are fastened to the world this could be relayed from one 
to another in just about any direction at all and the whole will hold. " 
at least perhaps not for the viewer but in temporal sequence, which is 
after "all" a"ll we have - if you're not following this, we began 
(earlier, i.e. before this._) i.e.representation of teh blown-out 
form/ulation of the dancer < == > split / spaltung. on one side the shadow 
in the shadow of the other (shadowed by texture-mapping of the identical 
image) leading to birth: <===> Julia Kristeva would be out of a job if it 
wasn't for the matrix...
or that highly specific location in geneva where the rhone and arve meet 
with the transformation of the waters.
thank you.



Human, specifications, outline, history


1. The continuous lineage of tool-making and inheritance from the paleo- 
lithic to the present, as tools create tools; this keyboard descends most 
likely from the Mousterian.

2. The continuous embedding of human debris, effusion, detritus, splayed 
across shrinking natural zones.

3. The parabola of reification as hand-axes went from use- to exchange- 
value back to use-value from the paleolithic onwards. Technological dawns 
of experimentation.

4. The constant cultural assessment, employment, reassessment, recupera- 
tion, of the body always from a horizon of the present; the body, every 
body, organism, always already a sign.

5. The hardening and reification of signs granted amnesty, signs released 
into the environment, the rise of two-valued logics with absolute negation 
such that --x -> x.

6. The great divisions, binary, tripartite, n-ite, of labor in relation to 
circumscribed and in-scribed natural zones.

7. The fortification of symbolic divisions, divisive symbolization, as 
natural, as the world increasingly signifies, as blind-land transforms 
into landscape into territory.

8. The division of labor of reification and signification.

9. The inhering of the digital within bullae, abacus, land-grant, psycho- 
analytics of narratology, digital myth, mythical digital.

10. The growth of jectivities - introjections/projections, as culture 
recuperates symbolic surplus, retemporalizes futures and pasts into the 
continuities of spirits, deities, sprites, geological features read as 
narrative puncta.

11. The corralling and organizing of jectivites as consciousnesses, the 
rise of monarchic tendencies.

12. Coagulation of monarchic tendencies towards greater aggrandizements, 
tallies, established histories, the organization of putting-to-death.

13. Reification of war as state apparatus, in relation to signifiers and 
the division of labor.

14. Organization of revenues, food, body, precious stones, raw materials, 
manufactures.

15. Energy.






time

the face registers the passing of time and atomic clock.
or molecular or particle clock irreversible inconceivable.
space is marked out as the body re/marks within capital.
the body of vision enervated and neuraesthenia of the envisioned body.
the face is that of alterity sublimated by desire. 
the face is the gnomen of time.
the face is always in the presence of the portal.
and just so every portal is a face in its presence of depth.
these images haunted me as they are wrapped in my human skin.
i am flayed for them, their red dust, my hungry ghost.
i am listening to a speaking woman hello and hello.
good morning and good evening working late tonight aren't you.
hello hello and goodbye your face among us.
i would gladly take your position and make it my own.
incontrovertible and as yet to be reversed.
the revision yes but of the imaginary signifier only perhaps so.
or of the haunted face to which nothing may be said.
just as the haunted speak themselves and to themselves.
just as we listen sideways or left of back to haunted women and men.



Annoying


Quite a while ago, I sent out an 'annoying egrets' video - egrets stirring 
up the bottom muck in a wetlands, with their feet and wing-beating. Here 
is some similar Canada goose behavior, with a body-rocking motion. 
Annoyance seems to be a close tethering between hunter and prey, within or 
across species, light or heavy. It involves an unexpected disruption of 
every-day routines on an insistent basis that demands attention; the 
attention is often an irritant on the part of the prey, whose habitus is 
broken. While annoyance may be novel or protean, it may gain ground with 
repetition, resulting in an action of some sort on the part of the prey, 
simply to discontinue the stimulus.

Annoyance corrupts routine; it is Serres' parasite gnawing away at the 
etiquette of life. It may be creative or deadly, or both; at the heart of 
creation, one finds violence. Ultimately, promulgation of the species or 
individual is impetus, to the benefit of the neuro-physical and physical 
life of the hunter. However, annoyance is always a dangerous game; it is a 
wager that nothing worse will occur, that the hunter will survive. It 
defines the edge or lip of the real; beyond annoyance is love on one hand, 
but wanton destruction on the other.
 

a construction embodying psychoanalytics

imaginary confrontation with the real.
orders of magnitude of capital and petrification.
substance infiltrated, sintered, recuperated.
topos bypassed, kernel retained.
uncanny afterimage affect of flows and floods.
mama, i'm burning.
catholicism of freud, judaism of lacan.
ruptured transparency of the look.



existence, future victim of stroke


the truth slumbers, it murmurs, mumbles, inconceivably thinned. within the 
fissure, neural cleft, error in brain anatomy, this text resides, 
information episteme. if i cannot speak, if i will have not been able to 
speak, then the material, materia dejecta, remains, i will sink into the 
real, with no report, no sagacity, no cause, other than, no cause. 
sinking, i will be _there,_ unable to tell, that which i do not know, 
which i will have no longer known, void, stroke, other.

:lost body-skins resonate among internals and externals, out- and in- 
gassing, our wonder is in the face of alterity, our dissolution, 
nonetheless an obdurate. it is the capsule or pill of the real, one drug 
as fine as any Other, melding through recession, midst of inflationary 
universe and absolute disconnect. in this home of the malady, i reside, 
able on to speak the truth.

:i consider a stroke which will forthcome, transmitting the gap between 
zero and one, that of being which recedes simultaneously always already in 
residence, consider _that_ residence, on the order of a matheme, Badiou. i 
consider a stroke as neural fissure and deprivation, i will have no longer 
remembered, that of the sheffer stroke, unrememberance of simultaneity, do 
the logic.

:tia tia mri eeg mra arm gee irm ait ait:

:Devour down tia tia mri eeg mra arm gee irm ait ait Brought Forth through 
the truth slumbers, it murmurs, mumbles, inconceivably thinned. within the 
fissure, neural cleft, error in brain anatomy, this text resides, 
information episteme. if i cannot speak, if i will have not been able to 
speak, then the material, materia dejecta, remains, i will sink into the 
real, with no report, no sagacity, no cause, other than, no cause. 
sinking, i will be _there,_ unable to tell, that which i do not know, 
which i will have no longer known, void, stroke, other.





Dance in the light of Badiou's event

A night-dictation event.

Dance events in the sense of being unprecedented, unaccountable, un- 
called-for. Its arrival is then allied in this sense to the digital, its 
appearance, its evanescence, simultaneously that of the analogic, its 
carrying out, its production within the body as the analogic. Just as the 
dance is simultaneously analogic, incapable of reproduction, incapable of 
recuperation (of the reproduction of the real). Just as the dance is that, 
it is also of the digital, in the sense of the body pressed against a 
second body, or the body pressed against the pull of gravity as an other 
body, or an other body, the dance is a dialectic between the two of them, 
but reduced or scraped in a sense by these two barriers which remain on 
the literal scale, irrepressible, so that a dance exists _there,_ within 
_that_ - simultaneous lewdness and de/production. Cohen's set theory of 
the continuum hypothesis accompanies this, 1 in the choice of hypothesis - 
any way decided - a decision somewhere being made - neither true nor false 
- can't be reproduced to that - but on the other hand a digital situation, 
choice or no choice - all of this is in relation with the Schroedinger cat 
paradox - in the sense of a collapse to a choice - although re: the cat, 
the choice is simply by virtue of the collapse - in dance the choice is by 
virtue of the choice - nonetheless a kind of forcing into one or another 
position - in a sense you can say with the continuum hypothesis - the 
continuum is produced as an alterity, an other order of things - or 
absorbed within the former order - within one or another order - in one 
case it produces itself as a horizon and in another case it is literally 
itself part of a spectrum of possibilities - perhaps in both cases part of 
a spectrum of possibilities. So we relate this to the dance - consider set 
theory in this sense as a allegiance to dance or dance as an allegiance to 
set theory.

In its inertness, in its inertness, the dance remains sexualized. In this 
I disagree presumably with Badiou - it is always already sexualized - the 
body that is dancing is not the neutral body of Cunningham, but is a 
sexual body from which Cunningham creates a state of lassitude or with- 
drawal, decathexis - an almost=neurasthenic state of neutrality which only 
exists in relation to the sexuality of the body within the dance, within 
the Cunningham-dance. Furthermore the sexed body may not be a divisive 
body, that is it need not be that which is binary or divided to one and an 
other, by calling it polymorphic, not polymorphic-perverse but polymorph- 
ic-heterological, a whole spectrum of sexualizations, desires, always 
already plurality, which may not be specified according to one or another 
anatomical distress, one or another positioning of the anatomical.

Initially one might say that dance is the interiority of the metaphysical, 
and if we pursue this, we can speak of dance as an interiority - of which 
the audience is only a (secondary) residue (just as the style of the dance 
is a secondary narcissistic panoply) - the audience is already an institu- 
tionalization, already a production by capital, by the organization of 
labor. The dance however is something else - the injury of the dancer - 
the injured dancer - guarantees that something else that dance is.

One might consider the dance as a projection or reproduction within the 
audience. Thus for example if one plays guitar there is a sort of mimesis 
within, listening to another play. So the body of the dancer is within the 
body of the audience because both of them are involved in movement which 
only becomes itself. There is also the issue of accomplishment. In 
watching the dance, one is always watching accomplishment, that is, a 
certain level, regime, of preparation is necessary for any sort of 
production - that the regime or preparation for the external audience is 
one that always emphasizes an external perfection. In other words the 
limbs continuously arranged and rearranged in such-and-such a way 
according to the exigencies of the dancer generally in dialectic with the 
choreography. However even in situations like these, one might say that 
dance succeeds only by virtue of the interiority of the dancing, only by 
virtue of desire, desire bifurcated into sexuality, desire to produce, to 
perform, to twist the body in such a way, or desire which becomes muted, 
mitigated, by a kind of meditation in which the body even for the dancer 
becomes something else which is the dancer, and which transports him or 
her, accordingly.

What is irritating, elsewhere, to critique, is the muteness of the dance 
in relation to all of this which gets back to all of this, to the 
beginning, to the inconceivabiity of recuperation, reproduction, for dance 
is mute, stet, shtut, nonsense, in a sense, as if that's all, as if 
nothing more. The most primary of arts, the body itself within the body, 
and the most secondary of arts, that it is dependent upon the body, that 
it exists in such-and-such a form only as long as such-and-such a body 
exists, the body of that particular dancer in relationship to that partic- 
ular choreography, that particular moment in time.

So not only injury inhabits dance, but death as well, the two inextricably 
intertwined, one without the other is unthinkable, and both within the 
dance remain unthought.



The Absolute Choreography of the Dance of the Dead


[The recording that plays forever is immobilized, inert, in-subject. The 
recording that plays one/One forever.]

The body of the dancer lies supine, breathless.
The body of the dancer slipped past consciousness, immobile.
Forever, the body of the dancer, stasis of the body. 
Slow irrevocable disappearance of the softer organs of the body.
The pose in situ.

Perfect, recuperable choreography. 
For every death of the softer death of the buried body. 
An unalterable choreography: an uttered choreography.
For only the choreography of the dead is utterable.

And there is no other of the other of the choreography of the dead.
And there is no other choreography of the dead.




as god is my witness i am invisible

vanquished every second from the presence of sight
evanescent site and languorous possession
god is my witness and god will lean back
god's breath is visible through eyes shut tight
at the center of every lotus my empty hands
my bony hands my hands of many bones

my hands are insatiable my hands drink the sound of the world
they strangle young peddlers and seize their bread and water
these words write themselves in the sound of an unknown language
the steep road passes through jungles of iridescent flowers
my palms press my eyes my eyes press my palms
unseeing unlooking unsounding the presence of hearing
the presence in the sight of god of an always dying man


dervish


"Why is there a history of dance, a history of the exactitude of vertigo? 
Because _the_ truth does not exist. If _the_ truth existed, there would be 
a definitive ecstatic dance, a mystical incantation of the event. Doubt- 
less this is the conviction of the whirling dervish. But what there are 
instead are disparate truths, an aleatory multiple of events of thought."
- Badiou

I hesitate to take on the order of the dervish without due preparation. 
However, the detuning of the detuning of truth always exerts itself 
through wrist and hand. My meditation is preposterous, at most a few 
seconds of inanimate energy. Nonetheless, I will trance you, tranc/itive 
among skewed consciousness. Thoughtful, in the midst of form formation 
form. 

one slides out from one beneath, slides out from beneath-one. one takes 
to one the possibility of the sound, evanescent signifier, markov 
unchained. always already liminal, music is.



pre-sent


Leslie Thornton, to me, in a dream, "I realized something about your work, 
Alan. You never historicize anything. History has no place in it." I re- 
ply, "It's similar to Michel Serres taking Lucretius as his contemporary. 
My work is situated in the present and argues in the present. I have no 
use for history."

I am on a vector now towards death. When I was younger, I could always 
believe my life was only half over, that my creative work was ahead of me. 
Now, it's now, and I have no time to lose. Every day wasted is an irre- 
trievable loss.

Samuel Johnson: "I have no begun the sixtieth year of my life. How the 
last year has past I am unwilling to terrify myself with thinking. This 
day has been past in great perturbation...and my distress has had very 
little intermission... This day it came into my mind to write the history 
of my melancholy. On this I purpose to deliberate. I know not whether it 
may not too much disturb me. ..."

I work towards the purpose of canceling such melancholy, which necessar- 
ily in-forms everything I do. In other words, the subject of the flight 
towards death becomes a subject of a flight against it, melancholic, a 
great waste. In every dark night, I take comfort only in the vanity and 
uselessness of comfort.

I do not write history, because I fear it; that way lies madness and even 
earlier death. Thus: I remain on the barrens of the present. As long as 
present is present, I survive. 

The slightest break brings black corrosion.


performance text april 11, tyler school of art

dancer twists him in her mirror, choreography master. meanwhile the empire 
procures the violence of perfect movement.  "hello hello!" can you hear 
me? the way I usually proceed is this: there are images moving on the 
screen / there is sound from this unit - as people come in. there are 
typing errors which are part of the piece. i keep more or less silent 
during the performance and then open up the room later to discussion - 
these pieces are influenced by dance / by the current political situation 
in the hart of empire / by sexuality / by broken language / broken english 
/ there are sounds everywhere around us that like birds tend to ignore 
what humans are doing, with the birds of course there are vulnerabilities, 
withe atmosphere, none at all, lightning in a distance on the other side 
of the globe produces many of these sounds, those of you familiar with 
very low frequency radio will understand this material immediately, no 
matter how much I tend to disguise it. the woman moves in relation to the 
antenna and modifies the antenna such-and-such. the strings of the 
instrument couple as well with the antenna. you're hearing radio waves 
directly, no microphone, we work that way in relation to the planet, to 
the foundation of the world. the foundation of the world lies in dance, 
not through ritual or repetition, but simply through the presence of the 
body in movement which seems to need nothing else for its success. 
understand this about the dance: what is repeated,at the end of the day, 
begins to fall apart, hopelessly, the body finally giving out. torn apart, 
dissembled towards a politics of culture that produced these torn 
fragments of skin and bone in the midst of the machinic, these are 
production of the machinic, these are desires flattened finally into the 
screen-product. ok, i'm not making much sense. think of abu gharayb, 
perhaps that might help, the dissembling of broken bodies, the fury of 
war, slaughter , minor elements which are past the point of any return, 
chaotic debris which can't reassemble into humans or any semblence thereof 
- here for example a twist which re/produces itself, falls apart, 
dissembles, tries for reapplication, loses itself, no such reconstitution, 
what is on the LEFT is further torn by the RIGHT. until an EXPLOSION back 
into culture - i.e. into cultural DEBRIS - what we retain - those elements 
of (sexual among other moments) desire that implant themselves on dance - 
so that the machine has a certain rhythm characterized by the presence of 
DIPPING DOLPHINS

at times the atmosphere is thick - you can hear it now - the 60 cycle hum 
that comes from the power grid - THIS power grid - the one in this room - 
which you can tap into - in a sense perhaps of absolute despair or 
catastrophe - this story is true by the way, the woman has disappeared - 
now you will hear HEAR the PRESENCE of a body in the midst of RADIO RADIO 
- Foofwa d'Imobilite (Geneva) dancing w/ VLF radio antenna - the room 
alive with power grid ECSTATIC ELECTRICAL FURY AND RESONANCE 
CONNECTIVITIES - yes yes yes it's true - a second performer on the scene - 
more wires/ more electrical inteference - more antenna couplings - the 
consumption of what ordinarily passes FOR GRANTED or silence - just try to 
listen to the stars when there are people around, nothing doing! between 
the electrical and the body falls the terror - not that of the whimper of 
Eliot but that of the Wolf (although personally I love wolves) - the 
background is the WTC footprint in NYC a few years ago - I'm using up my 
material too fast... i'm using up my best material... i'll have nothing to 
give you ... nothing remaining, im spent - well i fooled myself... i'm 73 
and still have a few tricks up my sleeve... i left the walker back in the 
car... someone will have to help me get up later... used to be a dancer 
like merce cunningham he's still choreographing in his 80s moved until 
just a few years ago it's the body of the dancer - the body of the dancer 
that history plays out upon/against - injuries which appear in everyday 
behavior, but disappear during performance, injuries of the imaginary -if 
you close your eyes you can actually believe this is a musical - at night 
i dream and recently had a dream in which leslie thornton sitting 
somewhere here, anyway she said that my work has no history, that it has 
nothing to do with history, and i realized, this is true, it's doing 
nothing but riding and writing form, it's shape-riding, it's in other 
spaces altogether, btw this will continue until i stop it - it's not true 
that one 'learns from history' - that history absolves one somehow of 
making mistakes - history should be abolished - let it take all those 
religions along with it - nothing will be lost but we might survive, 
perhaps enough to write the history of the future - so these works, well 
they're flat, they're just here, now, i might throww them out in a while 
(files), put them up on the net, lose them in the 500 or so disks I have 
storing these things - in the dance itself there's an image of a woman 
with her legs spread - the boy is screaming, screaming... - it's all the 
result of oil - well you get the idea - george bush drives the oil which 
configures the broken body which leasd to the screaming boy which finally 
devolves into the crashing airplane carrying the HEAD of the HEAD OF STATE 
which might be GEORGE'S BUSH - meanwhile back home, useless home movies, 
back into the dance or medium of the dance again - you'll thank me later - 
this is in the midst of the narrative where an 'impasse' occurs - that is, 
whatever bodies are on the screen bode somewhere else - the screaming is 
done with as is the crashing plane so enough of that - maud was dancing 
solo, there was no one around, nothing was going on in the auditorium. she 
was just there, as if she were inside herself, in her own private space, a 
room of her own, the rest of the dancers having left for the day, or 
leaving the space for her imagination, what a ballet-moment for one of the 
premiere dancers in switzerland, just there, internalized, against or upon 
the screen -meanwhile on another continent, i asked azure to dance, not 
against the screen, but within it, moving herself into that imaginary 
signifier which takes bodies, makes them whole again, meanwhile in another 
continent, other moves perfected, swirled, against filibert's momentum, 
there are difficult times and difficult dance, these are -

now comes the difficult time,the point of all of this. let's see where we 
are. the screen is absollutely flat but screaming at the sight of the body 
or the site of the body. nothing else exists within the imaginary, i mean 
this is all debris, three-dimensional assembled debris, which returns us 
to Abu Gharayb, those photographs which were equally debris, oh why 
seargeant couldn't you have destroyed these LALALA? instead, we're faced 
over and over again by the sex of war which is always already an 
imposition - against which each and every image i have ever created is 
disposed/of - deposed - This was a dream I had. Something gave birth and 
something collapsed against itself. What gave birth eliminated or 
annihlated the mother. What gave birth showed in lamps showed in avatars 
while the real continued to disappear. I'm watching all of this, see, this 
viral display, something "coming up" as if uncalled for - ah, i can see 
you're restless, there's not much more to go, don't worry, perhaps four 
more minutes, these figures which are formed from torn and disheveled 
motion capture equipment, the body resymmetrized, dissolved, divided, the 
figures as if "hood ornament" for the Pageant of the Masters in Laguna 
Beach California... - yes and to return to the electrical, you're 
listening to the wifi connections around washington square park in New 
York City, you can't get away from the grid easily, it's only to go away 
that you can finally here, what? hear the sound of the stars themselves, 
what you can hear in just a moment just a minute, hold on, the body's 
finally going, finally disappearing, just the planes are left,

this is the dawn chorus, recorded at 4:am in the morning in Wilkes-Barre 
Pennsylvania with a VLF radio and antenna, you're hearing the sun

thank you - 


"I did not ask to be born,
but now that you mention it..."


pour

THEORY is not far behind... I have a show (with Leslie Thornton, Foofwa 
d'Imobilite, Azure Carter) opening in Los Angeles in six weeks, god I'm 
unprepared, such a huge space, no idea what to do about it! We've got 
projections everywhere but linking quicktime to play on alien hardware? 
Nothing fits like a bad dance. Images pour out of my mouth. I want to 
write so badly! Last night I dreamed of a chalk-white body-flesh built 
into a wall, no wait, it was a wall! I was scratching thin lines in blue 
and red on it! Wait, the lines were through something, a thin layer like 
eggshell, the wall was behind, it wasn't eggshell. I began to think, in 
twelve years I'll be seventy-five! I haven't done anything! Nothing 
worthwhile! What will become of Azure? Of our world which is rich beyond 
anything I could have imagined! Today for example I found Confessions of a 
Magnetist by Alphonse Teste in German, translated from the French, around 
1840. Truly remarkable! There's an illustration, I'll photograph it, a 
young woman laying back, not supine, no, in a chair, salon environs, there 
is a small audience. Precursors of Svengali and Trilby! But this man isn't 
Jewish, there's none of that taint as far as I can see. No, this was 
novelty at the time! Unusual! He could have his way with her, I'm sure! 
But there are too many people around! I'll treasure the image forever! 
I'll put it in the show! Scopophilic avatars, no wait! Scopophilics 
scoping out avatars! Scoping and feeling avatars! Supine! Neurasthenic! 
Hungering! Hungry ghosts prowling limbs of young women! Young men! Horses! 
(Read descriptions!) Me? I can only mold them, limbs, breasts, penises, 
vaginas, arms, legs, torsos, did I say heads? There are lips, eyes, I can 
make them hungry! Hungered! Haughty, but not for long! I'll devour them, 
remodel them! They're mine, mine! On the altar of all that is Holy, they 
are mine!

sday, April 13, 2006
Well, goodgrief, me and the missus were out at an eatery when we ran into 
old friends, we well had a time of it, and thought you might too. Is this 
what is meant by a digital life? I don't believe for a second in anything 
except human inertia, intransigence. What is here remains until the final 
slaughter. The prime mover? The superstructure itself, as power coagulates 
like a blood-wound around the head of state. Every day, fury increases, 
elsewhere. When it arrives, this talk, this useless talk, will end.

When the silent film comedians moved to talkies, they found themselves 
hampered by studio executives, directorial authority, time constraints. 
They exist between two worlds; every moment might be a triumph, but is in 
reality the collapse of the body beneath capital.





Segmund


Everything I've ever thought or done has gone into this movie. This movie 
is that political movie situated between Dreyer and Godard, no, between 
Bergmann and Godard. For there has to be Godard. Even now, a film which 
passes Godard, obliterates reference to cinema. But a serious film. Well, 
a video. But a serious video that obliterates film. For there is nothing 
that film does that video cannot do. There is nothing that cinema does. 
Well, there is nothing that cinema does anymore.

The imaginary, a signifier. So a signifier of dead theory. Well, theory on 
the cusp, that is, before networking. Or theory which is networked, but 
not about networks. Theory on the verge, on the lip, but not on the 
threshold, theory before, that is theory prior to, the threshold. Not an 
imaginary signifier but an imagined signifier.

What is it that people speak about, in these days of dead-film, dead- 
cinema? It is not what people spoke about. Cinema is what they spoke 
about. Cinema is history, networking is speaking, video is what they speak 
about. Listen to a conversation, well it is not the same conversation, it 
is always already a future anterior, already a dead conversation, people 
speaking from the dead. Among living networks, video, living performance, 
organisms. The dead are a carapace on the living. Cinema is popular, is 
always popular, if not film, the enormous screen, eye, darkened theater, 
imagination, comfort of infinite speakers. 

What is, is already superceded, therefore what is, is not. What is, is 
signified, temporarily, momentarily. One might consider an instantiation. 
What is, instantiates. What is, the speech of speech. Not the speaking, 
well, what is speaking but the past? But the past of everything, every 
flow, every moment, organism? Or perhaps worlding?

Well, there are no worlds, no whirled, no words, no, worlding shudders, 
disappears against the storm. Of the storm, one thinks. Of the storm, 
tsunami, charred bodies, flooded bones, smashed tissue, exploded organs. 
Of the storm of the future anterior which is, which is always already will 
not come, has come. 



NULL/YOU 


It begins and ends with /dev/nul. It is the impossible, inconceivable 
set, NULL = {x}(x not = x). What is not equal to itself? in do.mp4 a 
gender = wipe = smear/residue. Crash-land windshield, nothing doing. What 
can be done with annihilation? 

It began and ended with /dev/nul. What was done with annihilation?
CRASH LAND!

It begins and ends with /dev/you . It is the possible, conceivable set, 
YOU = {x}(x = x). What is equal to itself? In storymoan.mp4 a gender = 
double = splay/fall. Get-up mirror, everything going on. What can be done 
with creation? 

It began and ended with 'dev/you. What was done with creation? GET UP!

You're an intensive movement. You're wayward. You veer from 0 to 1. You 
know there's nothing else, not here, not there, not in any other universe. 
You don't care. You turn on with electric. You walk */electric avenue/*. 
In every building you take shelter. In every building you're doomed, 
naked, gendered, annihilated. Nothing is an accident.

This - my work - sustains me. My work is a moment stretched to the NUL. 
YOU stretch my work. I write this under the influence of absinthe. I write 
this in the vestibule. I write this upon the empyrean. Sublime, I write 
the Sublime. Impoverished, I create the impossible.



Analog Instrumentation

Alpine zither. Relationships with ch'in and taksim. With VLF (very low 
frequency) radio "events" which are deeply random, but often possess wave 
trains. With the touch/caress of the resonant body which metaphorically 
relates to elementary physics and the world at large. With elements of 
air, metal, wood. Is theory ever final.

ii Take up: 
Exchange value: Digital. bit(n)|bit(m) 
Use value: Analog. bite(n,m) once again. 

Analog: the bite of the instrument, bight of the shore. Metal pegs tend to 
slip, strings unwind or break, wood cracks, the body expands or contracts 
dependent on humidity, soundboard warps, frets go out of true. The analog 
is a tending. Analog noise: Finger noise, body-tapping, wolf notes, string 
and nail contact positions, nail roughness, breath sounds, string squeak, 
fret sound, fingerboard sound with bending, player's body movements 
against the soundbox. The frequencies are inexact: no frets are ever true, 
string pressure sharpens the pitch, there are a-harmonics and a-harmonic 
resonances, the instrument couples to its support, the fingerboard and 
body warp slightly with finger pressure, oxidations and dirt tender the 
string further out of true, there is always peg slippage with pressure, 
vibrato and bending stretch imperfect metal memory. A tending or movement 
back towards pitch, pitching as catastrophic memory, sudden halting of 
sound for retuning. The mapping is always imperfect. Labor: the labor of 
the arms, wrists, fingers, body leaning slightly towards the fingerboard, 
careful breathing somewhat isolated from vibrato, muscle tensions and 
memories paralleling dance. Warping: unequal expansion or contraction of 
upper or lower soundboards or instrument sides, twisting of one or another 
surface, unequal expansion or contraction of different woods or metals, 
finger-pressure on one or another surface, expansion or contraction due to 
cracking, humidity, pressure, wood curing, oiling and waxing, physical 
mistreatment.

Digital: Of this at a later date. Electronic noise and noise floors. 
Human-instrument interface. Switch noise. Acoustic coupling of transducers 
including microphones, earphones, speakers. Analog sound 'falling through 
the cracks' depending on bandwidth. Data corruption and technological 
obsolescence of computers and storage media. Problematic power supplies. 
Problematic of analog noise. Problematic of acoustic space-mapping. 
Standing-waves, speaker placement and cone inertia, line losses, failed 
checksums, bandwidth limitations. Digital and digital reproduction.


Of the Dream

Nightmares infiltrate, surround me, breaking barrier and border, dissolv- 
ing surface and substance. This is literal, concrete; it's what I suffer 
through, night after night, almost all my waking life. At one point, the 
nightmares were nameless, and I would be destitute, unable to function the 
next day or days. Now they are of different orders, just as menacing. Two 
night ago, before this sleepless night (I have finally left the bed yet 
again, shaking), I had the following dream. I was making love or beginning 
to make love to a woman, a preacher's daughter. I had oral sex with her 
years ago. Her father had a collection of snuff films. In the dream she is 
lying on her side, facing me, on a platform or plinthe of some sort, her 
head to the left, her body a book or a picture, landscape or tableau. I 
begin to caress her body, a mixture of her own, as I remember it, and 
Azure, as I know now. Her body is wet, as if covered with semen. In the 
dream I am tumescent, my arms around her, moving her towards me. It is at 
this point that I become her, that my body drops away. It is at this point 
that, behind her, that is behind me, there is a menace. I remember only 
the claws. They begin to scrape, to scratch her, they begin to dig deeper. 
It is a rape in which the body, my body, is torn and penetrated every- 
where. Her body, my body, was the color of dark cream; the menace is gray, 
shadow-bound. I remember thinking, just before I woke: This is a dream in 
which I am transformed from the dreamer to the thing dreamed. It is a 
dream in which my identity changes, a dream which is transitive, a dream 
in which position and gender are transformed as well. It is a dream of a 
transom or threshold 'turned to stone,' a dream _from which ultimately I 
am excluded,_ waking, once again, in a state of horror. The body of the 
dream is in relation to the body of http://www.asondheim.org/A4.mp4 and 
the sound of the dream relates to the matsui pieces described at 
http://nikuko.blogspot.com , but a sound which is harsher, Wagnerian, 
tumultuous, a sound of frenzy in matsui1 and hollow in matsui2. But a 
sound which, in dream, was silent; only the tearing of flesh, the clawing 
accompanied by screams, the preternatural moans and trembling with which 
the dream began - only these formed the matrix of the other which haunted 
me to wakefulness. I cannot say more, or more to the worse or better, 
about these fixtures of my existence - only that my mind curses me far 
better and far more often than others are capable of. I can trace evil in 
me, but who cannot? And as others escape, so I am bound, to dream and 
symbol, writing and written, as well. 


[a picture goes here]

Recognition

I'm safe writing here in the blog. I write in a window, an apparent 
opening in the surface of the screen. I extend myself. I recognize that 
the window is indefinite in size, that font size for example changes the 
apparent dimensions, which only exist as virtual measurements, idealized 
numbers somewhat along the lines of capital.

And tonight, this body not _of_ the screen, shall have a panic attack. For 
this body is perhaps a third of a meter in depth, of soft skin and bone, 
easy to smash, dissolve, decay - a body which starves quickly without food 
or water, a body more than halfway on the road to death.

It is a body which, as you read this, may or may not remain alive. It is a 
body always already smashed, punctured, at war with itself. It is a body 
of misrecognitions, malfeasance, inopportune moments. Yes, a body of the 
inopportune.

I attach yet another drive to my computer, two-hundred and fifty 
gigabytes, spelled and spilled out. The machine does not recognize it. I 
recognize it; it is here, on my left, next to, adjacent to, the screen. It 
has a certain feel to it, and it is powered and connected. At first it was 
assigned a letter or a name, P:, and now that has disappeared, and there 
is in fact nothing to assign P: to, and nothing assigned to the drive. The 
symbolic link is broken, although, from without the machine, it is all 
that is in evidence. But not the protocols, which, like cybernetic flows 
in general, exist only problematically - something which gave the old USSR 
trouble as it tried to fit information technology into dialectical 
materialism. Now, here, at this corner of space-time, the material is in 
evidence, but the line of communication is broken; the virtual is 
corrupted.

Perhaps I write P: on the drive itself. Perhaps I write +P: on the drive, 
and -P: on the USB socket the drive plugs into. I demonstrate, perhaps, 
the relationship to the cat, to my partner Azure, to anyone or anything 
within calling distance. But not within interiority. And if the machine, 
the computer, is opened, so that interiority spills out onto the table, I 
would have to say, not within _that_ interiority.

What I recognize, in the silence of the drive and its inane uncoupling, is 
my death. This is the end of the depository, of capital, the beginning of 
death, faltering of memory. Death will not come among the epistemology and 
ontology of the real or the virtual; it circumscribes ontology. I remember 
a student of Lyotard telling me how frightened he was of dying, how 
_scared._ I still read his words, in books, layers of crystalline 
information dependent upon the _times_ to make sense, cohere, to be 
<+P:-P:> - bra and ket. "Dirac is dead and all knowledge with him."

The dead reach out; it's the smallest distance, this trick of memory which 
remains unrecognized - this distance, perhaps a centimeter - I may reach 
out for example, and touch that plate of macrobiotic food I could see, and 
smell, so clearly, at arm's or finger's length, nothing more, Proust's 
madeleine, but _outside_ - where epistemology, materiality, hold sway, the 
disconnect is permanent - a stretch of time or movement of three decades - 
or a week or a second. It doesn't matter. It doesn't connect. No amount of 
capital will help.

Every letter, here, is a nail, holding skin and bone in place.



First, Second, Third, Fourth, the Slowness of Arches


First and fourth are modified.
Second and third are natural.
Nothing is modified of course and nothing is natural.
Flesh gathers around archslows.
When the body transforms into self-medication.
No, when the body implodes with natural information.
No, when the body transforms through true modification.
I wish I could take you down to Strawberry Fields.
I wish I could live forever.

Second and third are modified.
First and fourth are natural.
Nothing is natural of course, not even death.
Isn't death a modification?
Nutrition gathers around archslows.
The body explodes with modifications.
I'm tired of the ennui called death.
I wish I could die forever.
And I would die forever.
This is a true modification.


0

1

BOMBED SPACE AND BOMBING SPACE
GUNNED SPACE AND GUNNING SPACE
How can we LIVE in the MIDST OF THE BATTLEFIELD!
Huddling against the floor, there is safety -
Hungry ghosts on the prowl for love and death!
I AM A HUNGRY GHOST
I DO NOT REMEMBER MY OWN
I DO NOT REMEMBER YOUR NAME
I NEVER GIVE UP I NEVER GIVE UP
I will speak to you through the atmosphere:
IWO JIMA DEATH SPACE!
IWO JIMA FLAG SPACE!
If I am ANYTHING I am DISHONEST
If I am ANYTHING I am FILLED WITH GREED -

In the DEPTHS OF THE ATMOSPHERE
Listen to the LIGHTNING
Listen to the POWER GRID
MAMA-PAPA ELECTRONIQUE
MIAOU
MIAOU

Now we shall speak of the COMPUTER!
O Dance! Embrace Us! Embrace Death!
O USELESS! i wear your freedom like sex
O USELESS! your freedom robs my own
Our LIVES DESTROYED WE KEEP ON DANCING!
Our Lives BURN!
Our MUSCLES ARE TORN WE KEEP ON DANCING!
Our bodies BELONG TO YOU!
Our bodies are fed to the evils of religion!
Our bodies are torn and shredded!

SPACE OF CIVIL WAR SPACE OF SEX
SPACE OF IONS SPACE OF RADIUM
SPACE OF SOLDIERS' LAST WORDS
SPACE OF WRITING AND DREAMING

TROUBLING POSES AND TREMBLING POSES
The GRID OF HUMAN AURORAS
The GRID OF HUMAN POWER
The building GROANS WITH THEIR PRESENCE
There is no rest here in this space!
They will slaughter us in Protest!

This is my DREAM ALOUD
This is my EMERGENCY
WITNESS: THE DISMEMBERED AVATARS
WITNESS: UNCANNY BEAUTY AND TROUBLING POSES

We are ALIVE in the IMAGINARY!
We are ALIVE in these IMAGES!
We are BRUISED WE KEEP ON DANCING!
We are INJURED WE KEEP ON DANCING!
We are the NUMBER NUMERICAL OF THE WORLD!
We are the SKIN and SCAFFOLDING OF THE WORLD!
We shall dance and fuck in Protest!
We shall mourn the passing of America!
We shall mourn the victims of torture, 

You can hear the WOUNDED
You can hear the WOUNDED
Your slightest gesture remains unfulfilled!

2

are you speaking to me
are you speaking to yourself
every i is murderer
every i is murderer every i makes love
every i is murderer every i makes love
every i makes love
every one a murderer
horror in its absence
horror is horror

i am so ashamed
i am so ashamed i cried
in Gravity
in its very absence
in the ROAR OF THE POWER GRID
in this SPLAYED SPACE OF MEMORY
in this SPLAYED SPACE of desolation

inside YOU in your SPLAYED SPACE
is horror
of Abu Gharayb, together!
of the World!

the world WORRIES the CHILD
the world WORRIES the DEAD 
this sexed display, this turn of fate
this turn of fate, this violent display
un cri doux coeur-choeur!

when i meditated on ECHO ECHO ECHO
when i meditated on the worlds of war
when i saw them written here
when i saw these images written large
you and I are SPLAYED


Philosophy

1 
How to begin philosophy, how to begin the process of philosophizing, an 
activity, a form of labor, the philosopher and the production. Whether the 
philosophy is cast asunder, whether it is interpretable, that is, 
translatable; whether it remains intrinsic to the act of philosophizing, 
therefore bound. If bound, whether it is of the substance or thing or 
continuity of its creation, or whether it is of some other substance, some 
other, cast asunder; whether the production is one with its production; 
whether the producer is one with the production. Here beginning without 
return, without recourse to the return, beginning in the sense of an act 
of writing designating this particular production which is named 
'Philosophy.'

2
Of such, without recourse to the return, because of evidence: one cannot 
return, or rather a return would be always and only from the present to 
the present, operable upon a remnant of the production, but only the 
remnant, which would be drawn into presence, or re-presence. It is evident 
that undoing is not that of doing, that one alters, that things have 
altered, that things have altered within one within the world; that one is 
altered within an altered or altering world. That the world is what is 
evident, that the world is without recourse, without return. That the 
world is therefore unbounded, bounded without the boundary or delineation 
of the return; that the present is this unbounded, continuous unbinding. 
The present is a filter. The return is nowhere, returns nowhere.

3 
Of such, without foundation; the present has no foundation; neither within 
nor without, neither within the apparatus of writing nor without. Mathema- 
tics possesses no return; every mathematical statement is foundation; 
every mathematical statement exists and presences. Of mathematics and its 
production is identical; is unique; is inescapably equivalent. Identity 
and equivalence remain within product and production; are remnant within 
product and production. Mathematics is that within which identity appears 
and appears exactly within equivalence. The world is that which is without 
identity, with the appearance of identity, without equivalence, with the 
appearance of equivalence. The splitting of the world is the splitting of 
perception into classes of apparent identity and apparent equivalence 
whose boundaries remain within the present, are imminent; but whose 
boundaries are such as projections. The projection of a boundary is within 
the present. The history of a boundary is a projection.

4
Consider a toaster or electronic computer; consider anything which may or 
may not be present, presencing; this is of the order of philosophy, always 
already an acceptance; every reduction includes; or includes, at least as 
construct. Thus of the panoply, or rather panoply, which is present, 
presencing; then what of memory, of the enumeration, accountability of 
objects? In philosophy, these remain within the presence; they appear 
recuperable; they appear identical or equivalent; this is appearance, 
genidentity; this is always other. This is the giving of permission of 
philosophy the killing-ground or grounds of philosophy; the winding-sheet 
of assertion. A man or a woman, an organism, a being, a human being, 
universals, these presences accompanied by deductions, for what is a man 
or a woman if not recognized as such; if recognized for example as thing 
or flesh; if recognized as meat; if recognized only as thing or flesh as 
meat. As for recognition: a problem for cognitive psychology, for 
neurophysiology. As for the symbolic: transformation and transforming 
structures, structures undergoing continuous transformation with the 
appearance of equivalences. As for mediation: the appearance of extension 
of appearance of equivalences. Mediation: a presencing, a present. One is 
always already synchronic; one is never diachronic; one does not live in 
time; one does not extend in time; one is replete; is fullness; the world 
is panoply, fecund; the world is a world of potential; potential is 
incomplete. There is no completeness in the world. There is completeness 
in mathematics; there is no completeness in mathesis. Mathesis is of the 
present. Mathesis is presence, the ontology of presence.

5
As in digital manipulation of layers, the world is flattening by the 
subject; is always flattening; there is no depth; depth is an illusion; 
multiple viewpoints; apparent histories; apparent identities. The 
flattening of the world: the stitching of ontologies, suturing 
epistemologies. Thus the thetic, continuously working as the gesture 
works. The gesture is working language; language gestures, gesticulates. 
Language is always at a loss; hence the fury of language, presence of 
obscenities or thickening, escape routes, of interjections, phonemically 
other. Representation is the same; the same of the other; chiasmus: other 
of the same. It is a disturbance of flattening which is flattening. 
Disturbance is the apparency of discontinuity, anomaly; flattening is 
substantive; substance. To disturb - to nudge - is to initiate 
bifurcation, response. The limits of discontinuity are catatonias; 
analogic inerts; substance is limitless. Consider an epigenetic landscape: 
the flattening of the real. Consider elementary catastrophes and their 
extending sheets: disturbance.

6
In my work several decades ago (I mention this only in relation to 
Badiou), I wrote and write of farming-out; the perception of temporality, 
of progress, resulting in the collocation of disciplines, subjects, within 
which specialists take care of advance, increased knowledge, goods. 
Temporality tends towards complexity; cellular automata can grow 
in-conceivably chaotic within a few generations. The regular or reiterated 
which is death (certainly without recursion which leads to quantitative 
jumps) is unimaginable; it is the circumlocution, centrifugal forcing, of 
the world. The apparency of disturbance tends towards centering. "Now I 
must proceed without time."; with the perception of time; of what is known 
now, what is processed now, as opposed to; what was processed; what was 
processed then. What was conceived then; what I conceive now what was 
conceived then. This is a conceiving; a state of conceiving; the bundle of 
conceivings constitutes the world which appears undergoing transformation; 
always irreversible. But not irreversible in fact: from presencing, from 
presence there is nothing to return to; the state is unpresent, 
non-present; one says "the state has vanished" or "we've moved on."

7
"I conceive of the world as such-and-such." "What is it that is being 
conceived? What is conceiving?"

8
There is no Now; there is no philosophy of the Now. The present presence 
is smeared, fuzzy; it is degenerate; it was never generate. Philosophy is 
from present presencing, from this smearing; it is irrevocable; it cannot 
be constituted otherwise. The Absolute is embedded in time; there is no 
Absolute to return to; the embedding is within the present. The text is 
always its memory; the text - any text - is always memory. I speak and 
write concretely: this is such-and-such a writing which is only 
inscription, artifact; the artifact is present, before you; the artifact 
is presenting by virtue of your procurement. Everything, the world, 
artifact, product-production, appears as, exists within, reconstitution; 
the subject (who is always already embedded) recuperates, which is the 
definition of the subject; objects do not. To recuperate is to draw 
boundaries, definitions, negations: X = this; not-X = that. Not-X is 
always problematic; it's "that" may be fuzzy, complementary; chained; 
non-existent; indecipherable; generative or degenerate, degenerative. This 
is the difficulty of the monopole in ordinary language within an ordinary 
world; that is, what is termed the "lifeworld," or world of daily life. 
The lifeworld is presencing, as if a gift or given; there is no negative 
or negation; negation is a drawing. What occurs, occurs, is, is. 
Flattening is necessary construct; thus disturbance within flattening 
portends negation which is channeled within flattening. This is the sphere 
of daily life which appears extended.

9 
Fiske: The "discovery of the law of gravitation, as well as the 
invention of such a superstition as the Hand of Glory, is at bottom but a 
case of association of ideas." I cannot comprehend Being; Being does not 
exist in my comprehension, nor in my understanding, nor in association, 
nor in empathy. Of beings, I understand association. Being is a taste, a 
connoisseurship of the world or collector of the world, tending towards 
the final object. If Being is not absolute, what is? It is as if what is 
given "is given"; it is not; the thetic tends towards the thetic; 
circumlocution occurs within the same flattening as the world at large; 
writing is such a tendency. The philosophy of sex, of sexuality, of love, 
of war, hate; the philosophy of culture; of media theory: all are 
farmed-out; all are within the provenance of disciplines, speciality. Art 
is the drawing of negation; art is a disturbance of association; art 
reveals the flattening and non-Being of the world; even within its 
presentiment of Being, non-Being. Art is corruption; preservation holds 
its own in the skein of decay. To create is to bifurcate; creation is 
discrete, the rasa no exception. The commonality of art is gesticulation; 
the commonality of art and language is gesture. As for sexuality: 
"Language is always at a loss; hence the fury of language, presence of 
obscenities or thickening" [5] - rupture is production; sexuality infects 
the social; the infection is the social. Jouissance and preservation: 
farmed-out to psychology; psychoanalytics; biogenetics; anthropology: this 
central drive whose centrifugal emotion colors everything; presents or 
re-presents the philosophical as determinative property, boundary, 
territory and its circumambulation. Sexuality has no belonging; philosophy 
is a speaking or carrying-out a longing for belonging, lengthening of 
situation, just as death dissolves belonging which rites recreate for the 
survivors. Obscenity is obscenity in its absence, its impossibility, of 
circumlocution, a symbolic axis of interiority. Obscenity is that which is 
spoken because it cannot be spoken; philosophy is an obscenity; a 
pornography; its speaking is a flattening; a circumdiction of disturbance; 
what is called a therapeutic or meditation; a dreamwork or working- 
through; what is symbolic labor. In labor exchange value and use value are 
equivalent; to think otherwise is to mistake ontology for content. The 
value of labor lies in reification; in "fitting" (Bohm); in the production 
of materials; of thought; operations within or across ontologies; emotions 
or prime numbers; bricks or philosophy. Obscenity is valuable in its 
valuelessness; it works, working through nothing; it is contrary or 
wayward, contradiction; obscenity occurs within the Sheffer stroke dual 
"neither A nor B"; in its elsewhere; in its range outside the organization 
and data-basing of labor and its production.

10
Of the absurdity of analysis of X: X-beneath-the-sign-of-Y- analyzed or 
mediated by Z: Z(Y(X)) for example; forgive the errors of category. A 
loss: Philosophy exists qua philosophy to the extent that Y is 
problematic; that Z turns away; turns the other face; that the tending of 
X; of the world; is towards Other. What can be said dissolves in 
speciality; in the interconnections among specialities; in the discourses 
of specializations; that is, in the discourses of analysts; perhaps in 
analytical discourses or discourse. The value of art is in opposition to 
the value of labor; art is active and potential laborlessness-in-produc- 
tion; obscenity underlies both; underlies philosophy; violence and 
sexuality underlie obscenity; obscenity underlies both.

11
By default we are stewards of the earth. An irresolute contradiction: 
beginning and ending of philosophy, absence of, not absented, Being; 
philosophy of this labor, this presence, this present: but: philosophy not 
of psychology, not of sexuality; neither the tropology nor the speciality; 
therefore the body present and absent; desire present and absent; mathesis 
present and absent: but: the remoteness of philosophy; remoteness of 
mathematics; remoteness of fundamental ontologies; within beings without 
Being. Therefore "by default": given that there is none, that there is 
none other; our ethos: subsummation of the other; recuperation of the 
other within the same; recuperation of the same within the other. Sheffer 
dual: "neither A nor B"; Sheffer: "not both A and B"; the fundamental 
"jectivity" - projection and introjection - expulsion and incorporation - 
exculpation and absolution (the register of ethos) - of organism in 
relation, in dialog, dialectic, with the world: imminent perceived 
environment - the project of organism, project of the environment 
vis-a-vis organism. The given without the giver, given without the gift, 
limitless, unbounded: the present. Stewardship by default: the given of 
the world, the wager of local zero-sum. Foundation of belief in relation 
to "what is to be done": Second jectivity, the overlay of ethos, Spirit, 
what passes for foundation. The foundation of belief is in passing. Is in 
passing as such. Belief is nothing if not of consequence; the consequence 
of belief is stewardship.

12
The basis of stewardship is decision. Decision is bifurcation, digital. 
Bifurcation is fundamental: the Schrodinger cat paradox depends on it. 
From analog continuous waveform to digital. The suturing of the digital: 
flattening; flattening by the organism in relation to the organism and its 
functioning. Suturing: the mathematical operation of integration. The 
other side of flattening: Contrast increase: the mathematical operation of 
differentiation. Differentiation is the basis of survival Differentiation 
is a disturbance of the digital within the analog. From disturbance, 
suturing. Worlding is dialog-dialectic among flattening and disturbance.

13
Here philosophy no longer speaks: I no longer speak. For what is being 
spoke is, can only be, speech broken by the world. Speech by its very 
present-presencing is always already broken; philosophy breaks on speech.

14
"Of such, without recourse to the return, because of evidence: one cannot 
return, or rather a return would be always and only from the present to 
the present, operable upon a remnant of the production, but only the 
remnant, which would be drawn into presence, or re-presence.'' The return 
is inconceivable, a conceiving; the return: from heroic travel; from death 
to birth; from wound to heal; from anomaly to suture; from digital to 
analog; from (mythology of the) death drive to (mythology of the) death 
drive; from arousal to satiation. The return is as-if, fiction. The return 
loops; there is never a return; the return re-presents the world; all 
re-presentation of the world is the appearance of return. To return is to 
re-possess; possessions are repossessions. The loop of the return is the 
process of reification; it transforms the appearance of inherent value 
into exchange; within mathesis, it is capital. Capital is seeing the 
world; it is eternal presence. Eternal return is always eternal presence; 
it is the presence of as-if-I-had-known within the I-know; return is the 
foundation of culture.

15
Return is the foundation of culture; desire is the foundation of culture; 
language is the foundation of culture; sexuality is the foundation of 
culture; product-production is the foundation of culture; disturbance is 
the foundation of culture; differentiation is the foundation of culture; 
negation is the foundation of culture; there is no foundation of culture 
as such; there is no cultural foundation. (If the world were not a stew, 
philosophy would be axiomatic; if philosophy were axiomatic, there would 
be no philosophy. The exhaustion of the absolute is the absolute of 
exhaustion.)

16
To clear the house: the necessity of God/Spirit/Meaning; abstracted 
capitalized universals. These are misrecognitions, misapplications; from 
the specific to the general; from the imminent to the immanent; from many 
to one; from one to One. Occamic pragmatism; eliminate them. They are of 
service (they do not "serve") intrinsically; they comfort; they provide a 
matrix (as-if from matrix to Matrix); the appearance of transcendence; the 
therapeutic of warding-off death. They contradict flattening as tropes of 
disturbance. They appear from elsewhere, elsewhen; they appear elsewise; 
an introjected Other. Beware of capitals; of Capital. The projection of 
capitals returns as meaning; returns the loop; implies foundation (as-if 
from foundation to Foundation). They recuperate, exculpate, death (as-if 
from death to Death). They are the marrow of human culture. Farm them out; 
construct theologies, emblems; consider them (capital) Emblematic. Thus 
the symbolic emerges (from pre-linguistic, from proto-linguistic, from 
"chora") as-if from the Emblematic; as-if the Emblematic situates the 
symbolic vis-a-vis the human. From "situates" to "Situates," situation to 
"Situation"; Situation is generated by the Emblematic. To follow-through 
is to follow through with difficulty; with the problematic of 
verification. Adopt what works; otherwise adapt. "What works" = "what 
works for you."

17
From meanings to meaning to Meaning; from beings to being (copula 
included) to Being; from spirits to spirit to Spirit. But the last already 
implies an ontological split, disturbance, fueled by the foreknowledge of 
death; by problematic causal explanations of lifeworld events; by the 
recuperation, exculpation, of random tragedies. From humans to spirits is 
the production of meaning extended to the imminent. From imminent to 
immanent is father than the eye can see.

18
Flattening is being in the world; it is, references (what is, here, 
references) the style of the world.  Depth absorbs disturbance, literally 
circumlocutes, circumscribes. The totality of circumscriptions of 
disturbances constitute a cultural textuality. The calling-forth of the 
Emblematic follows suit, exists within linguistic-psychoanalytic 
registers. The Emblematic is constituted by the virtual; from the virtual 
(as-if) to the Virtual. The virtual is always already within the world; 
technology, from tacit knowledge through electronic avatar, augments it. 
Augmentation filters (appears to filter) flattening; appears to distort; 
appears to generate depth (ontological fecundity), multiply-connected 
manifolds (epistemological fecundity). The virtual is inner speech, 
historicity and fecundity of interiority; philosophy is always already 
virtual; the discourse of the virtual is philosophical.

19
Every symbol is a ligament of avatar; every referent is a gesture; every 
gesture procures the body; every body is a speaking body; every body is a 
spoken body; every body is spoken-for.

20
Organism inhabits the symbolic; the symbolic is not a matter of 
consciousness; a manner of consciousness; the symbolic is a manner of 
worlding; of inhabitation. The provenance of the symbolic is not solely 
human; the provenance of stewardship lies within the symbolic of the 
human. "By default we are stewards of the earth": precisely because of the 
extension of human power; of the vectorization of human culture. 
Vectorization: the physical extension of culture, the sprawl.

21
Distinctions among protocols and interfaces; every interface is protocol; 
every protocol interfaces; each is pole ("poles") the other; each 
participates in flattening. What is external to protocol: inconceivable 
content, subjectivity; what is internal: invisibility, objectivity. From 
GPS through VLF radio: the measurement of the world, its skein. What is 
required for visibility, what technology, organism, protein? Protocols 
extend perceptual tacit knowledge; functionality. Of etiquette let it be 
said it is first and foremost exclusionary. Cybernetic feedback 
designates. Protocols distinguish, differentiation and integration in 
dialectic. The symbolic remains unread; the symbolic is transparent, 
readable. For the first time a three-dimensional map of the second planet 
from the sun is available for visual search with or without placenames 
given a desktop configuration of sufficient power. Protocols are the mute 
inverse of stewardship; they do not serve; they serve-to. Interfaces are 
not end-points; they bridge ontologies, continue the flow. Mind locates 
nowhere; is located nowhere; extensions extend without center, centering. 
Mind locates within presencing present; mind locates nowhen; is located 
nowhen. The purpose of philosophy is to pare; to pare even the ladder or 
the propositions. Philosophy has no purpose; it is not an exhibition; art 
is exhibition and venue; philosophy chatters; philosophy is doing and 
reading philosophy is a continuation of doing. Reading philosophy is the 
pretense of interface; doing philosophy problematizes protocols. To do 
philosophy is not to have done with philosophy.

22
"I have promised you a journey which is a journey of no return; a journey 
of conceptualization or imagination; a journey within the imaginary. There 
is no return in return; there are no loops in looping; what fits has 
always fit; what does not fit remains incommensurate. If I integrate: 
flattening and the apparition of death (which never appears); if I 
differentiate: disturbance and the reality of organism (which always 
appears; always is apparent). This philosophy - this of all philosophy - 
tends towards particulation, particulate matter; tends towards emission; 
tends towards gathering." Reverse Sheffer stroke and its dual: from out 
there, possibly from A or B, the appearance of A or B; B; from out there, 
the appearance of A and B. From a distance: the disturbance. In the 
neighborhood: flattening and absorption. The abacus of infinitely fine 
grain appears to the base infinity; the abacus of extraordinary 
differentiation signifies presence of the framework. What was once 
dialectic clearly has no resolution or leap; no tendency towards 
bootstrapping elsewhere. Instead: continuous dialog, information, 
absolutely mute: indiscernible processes. The world is infinitely 
invisible.

23
Infinitely invisible: What is seen on the surface of granite for example 
hides interior grains. The granularity of the world is always already 
inaccessible; art serves to make symbol of substance; of the surface of 
substance; of the cloak or masquerade. Art is farming-out; physical 
analysis is farming-out; microscopy is farming-out. Microscopes/telescopes 
reveal everything and nothing; occurrences continue on 
ontologically-cohering n-dimensional manifolds. Everything is what it 
appears to be; nothing is what it appears to be; everything is leveled, 
intertwined, intermingled, mingled, muxed. Ontology only goes so far to 
the portal of universal origin, "big bang" and inflation, just as 
increased accelerator energy may conceivably generate "new" and unexpected 
phenomena forever - the only limitation is economics (Brillouin). Nothing 
satisfies; ontologies may be enumerated, epistemologies extended to 
theoretically-infinite tolerances; it is all the same - not ennui (that 
surely is different) or boredom (that surely is different as well) or 
defuge (the same). One might say this is a "condition of the age." Of 
course there is no thing-in-itself; there are always already others.

24
"The condition of the age." "Organism inhabits the symbolic; the symbolic 
is not a matter of consciousness; a manner of consciousness; the symbolic 
is a manner of worlding; of inhabitation." Of steward and the symbolic, 
the emergence of ecology. The fundamental ground of ecology: non-existent, 
function in relation to ethos. Ethos is always already consensual, 
boot-strapped; ethos is implicated in, implicates, the Emblematic. The 
ecological presupposes states of innocence, states of the pre-symbolic; 
language corrupts, is corrupted; violence coheres to language. The 
steering-mechanism of the ecological is survival; you might argue as well 
for the symmetry of beauty; for the inherency (rights, behaviors, 
cultures) of organisms; for any functional attribution (medical 
discoveries, cleaner air): these are framed, frameworked, farmed-out. What 
can be drawn from all of this? What lessons? That the world possesses an 
Ought: that X or Y ought to survive? Every X or Y is contested. That I 
agree, that I agree violently, is irrelevant; only that my violence might 
impinge on your design. I desire the presencing of a world with few 
intruders; I will argue that, but I cannot found that. That I argue that, 
is happenstance; is a decision in which belief, not Belief, plays a role. 
The trick is to drive out transcendence, ignore immanence, violate the 
slightest appearance of the Absolute; the trick is the sublimation of the 
sublime. Do I need to argue this? Must one fight?

25
Do animals have rights? Do humans? What constitutes the "have"? What 
constitutes inherency, granting? What designates the social? What 
designates the "natural-social"? Rights are ad hoc; situational; communal; 
group-identified; legislated; unjust. I cannot appeal to justice; to 
justice = Justice. Must I fight?

26
Such issues are articulated; self-organize; within a structuralist 
territorialization; disappearing outside or beyond (they are beyond) any 
emblematic. When I = ego = Ego appears within this, this short-circuits. 
The I is always present; now it is surface, ""my" violence" "on "your" 
design". This is normal philosophy, non-paradigmatic; philosophical 
biography is not far behind. The text corners the text; self-references; 
deconstructs. Retreat. (I emphasize the shame of writing, the 
written-tawdry, the embarrassment of presence. Let production produce 
production. I withdraw.)

27
Beyond or external to mathematics, mathesis, 0 and 1 are situational; they 
are discursive tokens, floating signifiers. What one presents, the other 
exculpates; what one withdraws, the other absolves. 0 is already a 
multiplicity; just look at it. Articulation leads quickly to power sets, 
cellular automata chaos, differentiations, growth: differentiation to the 
degree-zero of substance, the analogic. What is ruptured at close sight, 
smoothes at farther; both are latent, developed much as a photographic 
plate. Set-theoretical paradoxes are the rubble of mathematics; the 
mathematics of ideal forms remains in light of them. The continuum 
hypothesis is subject only to choice outside of the continuum hypothesis; 
someone does something one way or another with mathesis, axiomatics, 
infinities. Mathematical ontology is the structure of the world; sets of 
parameters define all that there is; such parameters may be ab nihilo, 
virtual, real, stochastic, chaotic, fuzzy; given certain dimensions, 
certain tolerances, they exhaust. A message from elsewhere is a message by 
virtue of structure and interpretation. A lesson: the I withdrawn in favor 
of; as a result of; as a consequence of; the eye. And the eye withdrawn, 
withdraws.

28 
Philosophy as philosophy of organism-situated-in-the-world, as human- 
thus situation; philosophy elsewise as that of ultimate species: both 
employ the emblematic or Emblematic. What is to be done with the human? 
Farmed-out the answers are in part ethos-dependent, ethos dependent on 
disciplinary values. Ultimate species: To the extent that philosophy is 
concerned with ulteriority, exteriority, the being of the world, beings of 
the world; then is philosophy intrinsic; then is the Emblematic always 
already employed; limit phenomena are Emblematic phenomena: give a name to 
universal containment / containment of the universal. Philosophy is 
nothing; philosophy does not veer; philosophy is veered. Philosophy is 
concerned with nothing; organisms are concerned; concern is a 
characteristic of organism; negation is a characteristic of concern; 
concern is a characteristic of negation. It is the concern of organisms 
that is filtered into philosophy, farmed-out, of living. What is the 
concern which is filtered? The concern is a disturbance. The concern is 
either circumlocution or its problematic; recognition or misrecognition of 
the same. The concern is the deconstruction of circumlocution; 
circumlocution, circumscription ==> a presentation of the world as-if 
Emblematic. This philosophy is the withdrawal from (not of) the 
Emblematic; the withdrawal is a tendency towards defuge, towards 
discomfort and its problematic. Defuge is that which is simultaneously 
absorbed and negated, simultaneously cathected and decathected; defuge is 
the shame of the organism, the transformation of the pornography of the 
world, through usage, into waste. The inverse of the Emblematic is defuge, 
which presences presents no name, no characterology, no tropology; the 
being of granite is the being of the organism upon reflection. Reflection 
is the doing of philosophy, its accoutrements. Reflection is 
reflection-upon; "upon" does not require an intentional object, state, or 
process; "upon" may be decathected. What is neutral is of no interest 
altogether.

29 
"How to begin philosophy, how to begin the process of philosophizing, an 
activity, a form of labor, the philosopher and the production." Nothing 
can be done that has not been done, here. Nothing can be cleared that has 
not been cleared, here. Having begun, how to continue; of summary or 
conclusion: how to avoid both, the result rag-tag description, farmed-out 
explanation, epistemological flattening, local ontologies, adjudication 
and circumlocution of the Emblematic, the Emblematic found wanting. The 
tread of writing visible, indiscretions; appearance of textuality, fear of 
self-reference, defuge. There is nothing here to guide by stars. There is 
nothing of faith, nothing for the faithful. The world is the world as 
such, thetic, mute, flattened. One speaks, writes, as if something has 
been accomplished; nothing has been accomplished, neither declarative nor 
performative. The granularity of the world, pixellation, dominates those 
texts which might otherwise nourish the dark night of the soul. No soul, 
no spirit, no variegated ontologies, local ontologies, fecundity of local 
epistemologies, framing. One says one thing; one says another; puns 
undermine both; belief is of little consequence; belief = consequence = 
Belief. Consider this a writing of the world; rewriting of the world; 
writing worlding; writing of presence, present, present writing. This is 
the construction of this. Within the future anterior: this will have been 
appearing; this will have appeared; this is appearing. (This is online 
writing; this is being-online; this is a procurement of a description of 
the world; by organism; by veer or swerve; by disturbance; this is 
disturbance. This is history.)

30
(By flattening I do not mean flattening; by disturbance I mean disturbance 
of meaning; all meaning, the procurement of meaning, is disturbance. 
Within the future anterior, this will have been completed.)

[none forthcoming]




two short essays by Jennifer

Violence

Why do I write these things? Alan won't have anything to do with me and I 
want him so much to have to do with me! So I told him I'd write about 
violence which I guess means fighting and hurting people. 

Well, violence certainly never did me any good, and I asked Nikuko and she 
said just the same thing. But then I got to thinking (yes, I can think!) 
and sometimes it just seems the only way to get things done. If you push a 
bulldozer over a cliff, it can't hurt any deer any more, can it? I know 
there are other bulldozers but-the-exigencies-of-capital-create-a-situa- 
tion-of-limited-surplus-accumulation but someday there won't be any more. 
And if I look at our great country of ours the United States of America, 
I see a killer in the White House of our Presidency and it's a good thing 
I don't believe in capital punishment because he has killed far more than 
any serial killer on television and he's allowed to walk the streets. Well 
he didn't kill them directly, it was what television calls a "mob hit" by 
other people he pays to kill of his enemies along with his friends and 
cohoarts Mr. Rove and Shaney and Mr. Rice. If they were really alive they 
would be hunted down and-killed-by-the-police-like-the-dogs-they-are and 
thrown into jail where they could be attacked by other people there who 
lost loved ones in a world full of torture and lies. I know that violence 
is bad and wrong but if someone is doing hurtful things to people you love 
shouldn't you stop it shouldn't you? Does that make me worse than Satan?

Old Age

Alan keeps telling me he is invisible but I can see him. He says it's the 
cultural-grid-spitting-out-people-over-a-certain-age way things are, that 
after a time you can't get any work and who would want to work anyway. I 
think it would be terrible if Alan starves to death but he is unbelievably 
inkredibly old and he won't have do suffer long because even if the 
starving thing doesn't work he will die soon anyway, we spend lots of time 
talking about this, he doesn't seem to have anything else to do except 
fondle me.



The Story


I drive a 2005 Jaguar S Type. Taking home 6 digit level in 18 months. 
Having a great time. It's a blast and I am a hero to the courts and to my 
clients. What an outstanding career to be in. I know God is on my side. At 
night I pray for my good fortune. I wonder how many will believe me, or 
how many will just find this "literature." I hate literature with a 
passion; it is not the force that drives this mighty civilization. Doing 
exactly what God tells me to do is working beautifully. I go to the court 
and locate all of the clients I can handle. Some say this is a court "of 
last resort." I say this is the difference between Law and Justice, 
between reason and the vigilante. For I mete out Justice which some find 
Law. I find all assets and employment. Funds arrive to my PO Box. It's 
like magic. I love it. I can take a holiday when ever I have a whim to do 
so. Hawaii and a 1050 footer to the Panama Canal this year. Yes, God has 
been good to me; my boat is one fifth of a mile long, less 30 feet. It is 
a wonderful length and I walk it during my meditation. For I do question 
the mathematics of this world, and my Jaguar and 1200 foot boat do not 
distract from my ultimate goal of solving this world's problem, while 
retaining an absent ontology which some may well considered entitled to 
the name of "Absolute." Here is what I have dreamed, closing the great 
chasm that lies between us:

"Thereupon I descended until, as the ocean's surface came nearer and near- 
er, I discovered a tiny island lying almost directly underneath me. It was 
hardly big enough to make a dot on the biggest map, but a clump of trees 
grew in the central portion, while around the edges were jagged rocks 
protecting a sandy beach and a stretch of flower-strewn upland leading to 
the trees."

Now it is clear that the island is that of mathematics, and the central 
portion is the refuge of axiomatics. I am certain as well that the clump 
of trees is the effusion of postulates necessary to remind us of our 
finitude in the grasp of idealities. Moreso, the jagged rocks are those of 
chaos and catastrophe theories forced from smooth manifolds, just as the 
flower-strewn upland references the set of those cellular automata whose 
patterning is inherently irregular.

My house is filled with the latest plasma, RFID, and wireless technolo- 
gies, yet I do not seem happy, not even when I have completed mergers, 
foreclosures, or buyouts. I cannot reasonably deny that a central core, if 
such there be, is missing from my life. But when I close my eyes, or ride 
at high-speed in my Jaguar S, Something tells me it has all been worth it. 
My only question is: What, or who, is that Something? Where is happiness? 
When is joy?




True philosophy; the Mirror of the World: take this seriously


Exhausted uninterpretable code remnant; the mess or ruin; collapse equiv- 
alent to sublime: The ruin of the world; this is the world's ruin; 
standard-normal debris; standardized tolerance; to a specific loss of 
resolution; all the resolution in the world couldn't interpret this; this 
is gone code; it's not unique code; it's algorithmic; it's stuttered into 
oblivion; it's germinal; it's grated to the degree of rupture:

The mirror of the world; the world's a ruin, uninterpretable; this is the 
symbol-symbolic of the world; the world's its imaginary; this is time; 
this is the style of the ending of time; this won't remain; this won't be 
considered; this won't be decoded:

This is how the world is; this is the only truth of the world; this swings 
between interpretation and collocation; between the pile and the bulwark; 
between the analog and the digital shoring-up; they're melted; they're 
lost; they're communication's dissolution; it's to be insisted: this is 
how the world is; this collapse; this multiple-folding; this corrupted 
folding; this entropic heritage; this bored language; this sequence:

pico zz.txt | sort zz.txt | yy | pico yy | sort yy yy | pico yy | sed 
pants other olive older oetry nlppppsp p ppnlpppp ppnlpppp teacherpnlp 
pico zz rev zz | yy; | pico yy mv yy zz h1 || zz pnlppppp nlppppp p nlpp 
tenorpsp teeth sweep stuck stone still space south pp nl paperpp0105766sp 
nlpsp nlppsp pp nlpppnl ppsp ppppspnlpsp ppppppsp pppppspnlsp pnlppnlppsp 
| pico zz | sed 's/^ //g' zz | yy | sed 's/^ //g' yy sullen string street 
's/sps//g' yy | zz | pico zz | sed 's/^ //g' zz | yy | | yy | pico yy sort 
yy | pico yy | sort yy | zz; | pico zz | sort zz | zz | pico zz | sort zz 
subject a ppsp ppppppsp stanleyp spotted nlpsponsor sed 's/^ //g' yy | zz 
sstorm through thought telling p ppppppsp pppnlppp tail -300 op | zz.txt | 
's/#.//g' yy | zz | pico zz sed 's/sp //g' zz | yy | sed 's/ sp //g' zz | 
yy | zz | pico zz | sort zz | yy | pico yy | sed | zz pico zz | sort zz | 
-f a/back < zz | yy | sort yy | zz | pico zz rev zz | yy | sort yy | zz | 
| yy; | pico yy | sort yy | zz ; | pico zz | awk




What is Codework?


Codework is a practice, not a product. 

It is praxis, part and parcel of the critique of everyday life.

It is not canonic, although it is taken as such.

It is not a genre, although it is taken as such.

The term is relatively new and should always be renewed.

We are suffused with code and its intermingling with surface phenomena.

Wave-trains of very low frequency radio pulses for example.

Phenomenology of chickadee calls.

Codework is not a metaphor, not metaphorical.

It exists precisely in the obdurate interstice between the real and the 
symbolic. It exists in the arrow. 

It is not a set of procedures or perceptions. It is the noise in the 
system. It is not the encapsulation or object of the noise or the system.

It is continuous; it is parasitic; it is thetic. 

When it becomes metaphor, masterpiece, artwork, it is still-born; it is 
of no interest except as cultural residue: it is of great interest to 
critics, gallerists, editors.

When it is not collectible, not a thing, virtual or otherwise, it is not 
of interest to critics, gallerists, editors.

Things have already taken up its name, as if pictures in an exhibition.

This is nothing more than the continuous reification, territorialization, 
conquest, of the real - as if the real were always already cleansed, 
available for the taking - as if the real were already transformed into 
capital.

Capital is the encapsulation, objectification, of code. Capital drives the 
code-conference, the code-book, the code-movement, the code-artist, the 
code-masterpiece; capital drives the technology.

In short: Capital drives code into metaphor. 

In short: Metaphor drives code into capital.

In short, but of greater difficulty: Capital drives metaphor into code.

In production, simpler: Metaphor drives capital into code.

The driving of metaphor, code, or capital is not codework.

Codework is the labor of code, subject to thermodynamics.

Codework is demonstrative, demonstrative fragment, experiment, partial- 
inscription, partial-object, the _thing_ prior to its presentation, the 
linguistic kernel of the pre-linguistic. Code is the thetic, the gestural, 
of the demonstrative.

It the gesture that never quite takes. It is the noise inherent in the 
gestural.

However: Codework will become a _subject_ or a _sub-genre_ or a _venue_ or 
an _artwork_ or an _artist_ or a _dealer_ or a _collector._ However: This 
is not codework, or: What I describe above is not codework; after all, 
names are subsumed beneath the sign (Emblematic) of capital - as if 
something is being accomplished. (Hackers who are not hackers are 
unhacked.)

To code is not to produce codework; it is to produce code on the level of 
the code or interface. Bridged code, embedded code, is not codework; the 
irreversible spew of cellular automata is codework, all the better if the 
rules are noisy. The cultural production of codework abjures intensifica- 
tions, strange attractors, descriptions such as this (which is the oldest 
game in the _book_). The hunt and reception of short-wave number codes is 
codework. Writers on the edge are circumscribed by codework, malfunctioned 
psychoanalytics, scatologies. Jews, Gypsies, Gays, Blacks, are endlessly 
coded and decoded; the codes are dissolute, partial, always already incom- 
plete: the differend is codework.

To speak against the differend is codework; tumors are codework, metas- 
tases. The useless sequences of DNA, RNA.

Be wary of the violence of the legible text. Beware the metaphor which 
institutionalizes, the text which defines, the text of positivities, not 
negations, the circumscribing text, inscribing text; beware of the 
producers and institutions of these texts, whose stake is in hardening of 
definitions, control, capital, slaughter: Texts slaughter. 

And texts slaughter texts.




Automata


I'm reading a book describing automata in practical terms - Automata 
Theory: An Engineering Approach, Igor Aleksander and F. Keith Hanna, Crane 
Russak, 1975. This is prior to Wolfram's main work of course on cellular 
automata; it's classical theory. In any case, as far as I can tell, given 
states and transitions, there is no indication _how long_ any particular 
transition will take; i.e. this isn't queuing theory. So one might 
consider the transitions occurring in present - as if digital-in-present, 
collapsed across what might otherwise be temporal, analogic. Given 
Wolfram's reformulation in A New Kind of Science, I wonder about the 
ontology (mathematical, even within an engineering approach) and epistem- 
ology (perhaps fundamentally discrete mathematics). Automata may at times 
be partitioned into independent automata; the substitution property is 
important here and seems to have implications for labeling. Again I'm 
thinking in terms of temporal collapse, flattening. In any case: 
"Formally, a partition of the set of states of an automaton has the 
substitution property if and only if each of its boxes maps into a single 
block under all possible inputs." And:

"The crucial significance of an automaton and an SP partition is that as 
far as next-state mappings are concerned [...], the states within a block 
could be considered as a _single state_ and an automaton could be found 
which behaves in the same way as the original automaton, but with only one 
state per block. This property is used directly in state minimization, as 
will be seen later." Further: "Given an SP partition of the states of an 
automaton, each block of which is completely output consistent, every such 
block may be replaced by a single state, providing a state-minimal automa- 
ton."

At this point, I'm well over my head (I've not reproduced the mathematical 
apparatus of course). The two points I want to make are: the possibility 
of state-minimal automatons as a rough model for language (think of the 
emblematic), and the collapse of temporality in relation to presencing 
present.

To push this analogy etc. into the realm of absurdity - consider a state- 
minimal automaton network or sememe (holarchy); if we average across the 
transitions as infinitesimals, can anything be located in relation to the 
appearance of time (as well as subjective time); second, consider one of 
the chaotic cellular automata described by Wolfram; if we average across 
the 'landscape' as it develops, can we consider this the origin of the 
analogic?

I realize neither my mathematics nor my grasp of automata concepts is 
particularly strong, but I wanted to throw this out (not literally) for 
comment -




Commentary, Visuddhi Magga


"Next, after he has put on his waist cloth as one who hides an abscess, 
and tied his waist band as one who ties a bandage on a wound, and robed 
himself in his upper robes as one who hides a skeleton, and takes out his 
bowl as one who takes out a pan for medicine, when he reaches the vicinity 
of the village gate, perhaps the sight of an elephant's carcase, a horse's 
carcase, a buffalo's carcase, a human carcase, a snake's carcase, or a 
dog's carcase, awaits him, and not only that but he has to suffer his nose 
to be assailed by the smell of them." - from Visuddhi Magga, The Path of 
Purification, by Buddhaghosa, trans. Nanamoli. 

"And thus, bhikkhu, what is enlightenment, what is the cessation of suf- 
fering, in the body that suffers, that does not comprehend what it does or 
does not suffer, which no longer understands beyond the pain of the wound, 
the disease? What is to be done with senescence, with delirium, with decay 
within which the name is no longer spoken, the ears no longer hear, the 
eyes no longer see, the mind no longer remembers the paths of meditation, 
nor does not remember to forget them, nor forget to remember them? And 
what, bhikkhu, if I am not in my right mind, if I am subject to such 
visions that I am the subject of such visions, if such visions are the 
breadth and depth of my world? What is then enlightenment, all but forgot- 
ten in the quagmire of nightmare which does not abandon me in the light of 
day? What then? What if it is the decay of my body that forms the decay of 
my body and the decay of my mind? What if, near death, I am not conscious 
of death, not conscious of world and non-world, not conscious of Buddha 
and non-Buddha, not conscious of dhamma, what then? For are we not always 
of this path of deterioration, of mental incapacity, of sickness unto 
death, are we not always of this path of inconceivability, impossibility, 
of such illness that the mind no longer speaks, nor thinks, nor imagines, 
nor dreams? And what is an exception to this, and what is the norm of 
this? And what are the vagaries of fevers, that nothing remains in focus, 
that pain cannot be banished from pain, what then? And must we not drive 
our body and our mind, but drive them just so far, before the limit and 
degree of cessation, before right-mind is lost, before dependent origina- 
tion is no longer cause for concern, no longer understood, spoken, in and 
out of mind, present and non-present, remembered and forgotten? Do we not 
teeter on the edge of the abyss before all is lost, before sickness car- 
ries us to the nonsense of meditation, the absurdity of absurdity? Are we 
not driven by our own instincts to crawl upon the earth, to swallow it, in 
order to remain alive, our mind no longer thinking, no longer ours, yours, 
no longer not-ours, not yours? What is enlightenment, what can be done, 
when there is nothing to be done, no one to be doing, no thing, no doing, 
but not language, memory, meditation, state, paradox, consciousness, 
dream, unconsciousness, nothing, not even the annihilation of death, not 
even cessation, not even the cessation of cessation, what then? For then 
there shall be no speaking, no asking, no remembering, no chanting, no 
meditation, no dreaming, no forgetting? And what then? For then there 
shall be pain, no pain, and what then? Mind disappears into ignorance, 
ignorance disappears. Why, bhikkhu, is there enlightenment at one time and 
not another? Why must one be healthy, or unhealthy, or hungry, or of 
satiation, or thirsty, or fulfilled? Why must one negate all desires, or 
negate none of them? Why enlightenment? Why purity, and why not impurity? 
When impurity breeds impurity, when ought is pure? When purity breeds 
purity, when ought is impure? Of what use, what concern, bhikkhu? When one 
no longer speaks of these things, when one can no longer speak of these 
things, when one can no longer speak, when nothing at all, what then?

"There are here in the Victor's Dispensation
"Seekers gone forth from home to homelessness,
"And who although desiring purity
"Have no right knowledge of the sure straight way --"

And what, bhikkhu, given all that I have said and thought, what if there 
is no knowledge, no right knowledge, no false knowledge, what of sickness 
and unthinking, what of dementia and no rightness, what if there is no 
way, what if there is no straightness, if the eye cannot see, the ear 
cannot hear, the mind cannot think, cannot unthinking, cannot desire 
purity or impurity, cannot desire, what if there is no mindfulness, what 
if there is no home? What then, bhikkhu, what then?


Track 16 Performance Text May 27 06


(Real-time typing/improvisation laptop performance with A/V files. We
had a fine audience.)

ST this is an 'abrupt start' usually i begin outside a gallery context
or in some other context, this is a difficult situation, after all the 
gallery's overdetermined i went to the Joan Jonas show today and for the 
past few days hope you saw it - by the way the image above is the 
Ukrainian revolution - anyway - the show was about memory and display and 
masquerade and gender but it was also about $180000, I think that's the 
right amount of zeroes, well that doesn' t matter but I'd have liked to 
have a copy of the DVD - artists tend to exchange dvds and poetry books 
(we're all fucking poor) and here within the institutionalization (love 
that word, it's like deterritorialization) of the gallery system we're 
barred, so damnit we should go ihn, but the show's closed and then - oh, 
the mp3's almost over - and make a bootleg of Jonas anyway if anyone has a 
bootleg we'll pay about ten dollars for it that's twice the new york 
street price - so - the doctor piece usually comes up later - somehwere 
about halfway through the piece - it just appeared early this time, i'm 
sorry, i hope it doesn't throw you off - it takes a while, I'm beginning 
but just beginning -- to sink into the images - that is, it's cranial - 
something will emerge, it might just take a while, please be patient and 
if not, well you've waisted only a little bit of time - every so often we 
try and _get on the screen _ = make some sort of connection - what this 
work is about, this work in general, screen images, that's all you're 
seeing here - connected with bodies in displayed or inconceivable 
positions - bodies appearing out of nowhere - bodies representative of 
empire - of broken desire - of things gone horribly wrong - if you read 
the history of the late roman empire - it becomes a history of chains, of 
tortures, of factions each intent on ravaging countrysides - it's not true 
people can live through anything - agriculture must have been destoryed - 
all for foreign wars - these were in - these were in main for the most 
part - Iraq - Persia then - toomany resources - what was going onat home - 
rome wasn't the ceneter any more - there were lots of emperors doing the 
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED bit back then - most of them were killed falling on 
their own swords - the Goths came in - other groups - that was about i t- 
now - it's about the same thing - different weapons -d own from the analog 
to the digital - things coming apart in pieces - inconceivable fucking -- 
bodies in untoward positions - there's no return - you just can't make 
heads like this can you? unless you're at war in which case you can make 
them any way you want -
Azure (on the right thank god) is dancing - you can hear her footsteps - 
so what - so what you're hearing - what's coming through - is radio - 
radio waves - this show is about transmissions - emissions - radiations - 
pollutions - so you're listening - that's the radio - the white box - you 
can hear very low frequency radio - she's interfering with the planhte' 
planet's atmosphere - literally - changing the radio patterning - that's 
what you're listening to - this is the sound - all of this - of the field 
telephone - in the tent in front of you - connected to Leslie Thornton's 
tent in the other room - when the batteries are in it - I shipped the 
batteries - they exploded on the way here - i didn't know it - I unpacked 
them - my hands were covered with acid, well I thought, we should just 
LOOK at them - this is a true story by the way - I don't know if you're 
paying attention - oh oh the phone , the tiny phone in the tent, loves 
listening to itself, it can finally have a mirror, it can say - this is 
what I sound like, LISTEN TO ME! - across the country we looked for places 
to record very low frequency radio - you have to be away from 
civilizaiton, specificlly the power grid - the electircal grid which 
interferes with it - that's what we're doing - going wherever ther's not 
that buzz, that interfering buzz - in any case - and in this image - in 
this image - there's something taken aparet - there's - a distortion, 
tension in the fac e- the face can be pulled apart - whjen you play:
1. war
2. digital
you can pull apart faces. Now I'm not saying that
war = digital = botox
nothing like that - but that all of these - it's like character trates - 
this is the conclusion of a silent film which I thought you might enjoy 
since th eonly voice here is my own - if yo haven't been in the trolley 
car - but first, notice the masts in the water - this is a sunken 
lightship off brooklyn - this is an `897 trolley - that's eighteen ninety 
seven - trolleys keep following me - they're the subject of this space - 
of bergamot - this is being moved - it's an electricla trolley - a book in 
the case - actually case two I think maybe not - in the room on the left - 
is called Benedict Arnold and is part of the Electrical Series - I think 
1858 - not sure of the date - it's next to a very old 1897 or thereabouts 
telegraph receiver - these are I think maybe in the same case? as the 
spinthariscope which contains radium from 1903 just around when it was 
discovered - the thing still works - and in the next cage - older analog 
behaviors - there are slides, perhaps you've noticed them? of 
tuberculosis, diptheria, plague, I forget the rest - things that rot your 
insides out, parasites, dead men walking - I think the slides are harmless 
now - I hope so, I've been handling them - they've been leaking - it's 
always worth while: DOUBLE YOUR YODEL (this is an aside) (to what?) - here 
comes Azure and myself at home - you can see we're losing focus here - but 
at least, wow what modelling!!! - the performer on the right - she'll be 
out in a moment - she's not performing - she's tuning - the sound - is 
from work I've done - somewhere in NY - not NYC - somewhere else - it's 
Anja Schmidt - who - I think - can become trance/en-tranced/entranced 
quickly - you will have to wait - it's there - there's always smething in 
the ditgital domain - iv'e worked with dancers - continue to work with 
dancers - first, dance is something I can't do - I'm impossible, I can't 
move at all - I'm traumatized - it's like war - it's like Speer walking 
round and round the prison after the war - I admire people who can move - 
who are free to move - who don't worry about it - who don't think about it 
- so I hve these opportunities - it's as if the world were murmuring - 
somewhere else beyond slaughter - somewhere into water - that is Maud 
dancing below - she gets tired - she repeatss herself - she can't continue 
repeating herself - she falls out - falls over - falls into line - falls 
out of favor - what fascinates me - in other words - is always, 
everywhere, the inconceivable - what possibilities exist beyond 
possibilities - what nestings are possible - for example - within the 
tents - within the fabric of the tents - outside the realm - of any other 
possibilities - outside the realm of slaughter - if I could assassinate - 
if I had the courage - I'd put an end to things - but behind every killer 
is another killer - I admit freely here - I'm a coward - I'm afraid of 
pain - afraid of killing - I wouldn't know how - wouldn't know what I was 
doing....
- this is radio radio - this is antennta azure - this is the sound of 
atmosphere - this is the fury of wire - and this - moreso - this is Foofwa 
d'Imobilite - working the wire - the same wire - it's antenna connected to 
vlf to recording device to speaker back into room back into wire vibration 
-
so where were we = within the analog realm of the real, nothing but 
slaughter: NOTHING but slaughter - within the digital realm of the real - 
REAL not VIRTUAL - nothing but REARRANGEMENT - tensor calculus - 
inconceivability - it returns to slaughter with a longer loop -
this show is called em/bedded - em/bedded with slaughter, bedded with 
slaughter - embedded in Iraq - following the troops of Rome into Persia - 
into slaughter - into inconceivable analog torture - EM/bedded - that dash 
or hyphen of the typographical - dividing words - leading you on - 
crashing against itself - as if there were somewhere to go - there's 
nowhere to go - I do hope you like the show - why am I here at this point? 
- this is where I'd rather be - THIS is where I'd rather be - by the way 
we're NOT in the trolley car now - there are usually two more projections 
ther e- if you haven't wandered in - this is somewhere else - what I can 
do - while speices are being slaughtered (three to four an hour, the 
verdict's not clear) - I can combine things - just as here - as if babies 
could do that: think of it - babies can't do that - CAN'T do that - but 
dancers CAN do that - and I can't do much of anything - earl
Earl
Earl
Earlier today I saw the Joan Jonas shhow again and - what was amazing, I 
thought, she's an artist, it's made to look easy, she's breathing that way 
- it's that way so smooth - kind of like Coleridge in fact thought about 
Wordsworth but that's another sotry - and then I thought - kind of like 
Coleridge - perhaps I should give up art altogether - at least this THIS 
kind of art - which makes no money and is CONTRIVED in relation to Joan 
Jonas - at least in relation to her =- and is orders of magnitue smaller 
than one hundred eighty thousand UNITED STATES DOLLARS - so then, well, 
I'd give away the dvds...
that's US on the right, and PREFAB on the left....
AND THANK YOU FOR COMING AND HOPE YOU ENJOY THE REST OF THE SHOW - 
  




em/bedded mass - phenomenology of substance


The show em/bedded . 

There will be antennas and field telephones. The large room will be all [] 
There would be a small tent in the large room, possibly, off-kilter, 
conncted to a tent in the small room. I'm not sure yet about the Trolley 
Car. We want to put video in there, there are places to sit. It's like an 
underground. One possibility that would work - just field telephone calls 
[] Leslie work opens up into spaces that my work tends to close down. We 
share a sense of imminent catastrophe, as well as, to be honest, brilliant 
imagery, seductive even in its deadliness. [] In the small room, we will 
have memorabilia collections, whatever we can send across. These include 
photographs of Iwo Jima from Azure's grandfather (on the ground), a 
battle-map of Iwo Jima on site, things [] I want VLF radio somehow present 
- I'm not sure about this. I can bring or send the radios out; we can see 
what we might pick up around Bergamot, and to save batteries, we might as 
well tape the stuff and have it play from a cd player or some such. I want 
to possibly erect a signal kite in the central space with an antenna wire 
coming down - we might actually be able [] The VLF radio relates to the 
'primordial' of life, to actual fundamental particles themselves, to the 
resonances of particular spaces. The videos relate to histories, memories, 
sexualities, pleasures, absences, presences. The more we have going the 
better. We need to check on the []

every one a murderer * original photographs of world war two battleships * 
stereograms of world war one trenches and bodies * original photographs of 
world war two pacific fighting * stereograms of world war one technology * 
world war one will now be abbreviated wwi * world war two will now be 
abbreviated wwii * original photographs and other papers taken from wwii 
japanese dead * a top secret wwii map of the iwo jima battlefield from the 
battlefield * projections of torn avatars over furiously moving dancers * 
projections of dismembered avatars over propellers and gratings * nomadic 
tent located on the hardened gallery floor full-sized with video within * 
one to three half-tents with field telephone/s within (see below) * a 
small photograph of a japanese wwii fleet presumably near yokohama * 
murmured texts played back from scattered monitors hardly organized or 
present in space of every one a murderer

[] MIAOU []

* with the uttermost beauty of human beings there is no rest here and here 
in this space * static images of dismembered avatar imaginaries torn into 
uncanny beauty and troubling poses * dark spaces of rattling building 
vibrations sublated to aural frequencies of the human organism they are 
here * dark crackles of very low frequency radio trembling in the presence 
of human bodies auroras lightning decay of particles across the cosmos 
near and far */set up with antenna in main room perhaps speakers in back 
room - but on/off switching absolutely necessary - perhaps VLF radio with 
recorded sound/* * i am so ashamed i cried when i saw these images written 
large somewhere in the vicinity of wwi and wwii * the 1895 telegraph 
receiver mounted in the antique trolley car clacking away and 
electronically echoed from sourceless speakers sounds and presence of 
ghosts */may or may not be possible depending on cost and consruction 
skill/* * the this of this is you and the you in this splayed space * 
space of ionizations ionized air recorded space of radium decays * space 
of furious nighttime guitars garcia lorca spanish civil war * space of 
inscribing of inscriptions of the last inscriptions of soldiers dying and 
all memories lost recuperations of names and translations from foreign 
tongues * the evanescence of horror in the absence of horror naming horror 
in its very absence * every i is murderer every i makes love

The tents in the outer room are half-tents, partially attached to the 
framework of the building, partially floating. They are as nomadic as 
signifiers, language flushed out of its lair. But the tents are real, 
canvas; an air of depression hangs over then, a fog. They are in the midst 
of an image storm, a continuous splay, spew, emission, of violence, 
sexuality, cloned grotesques, the crackling of radio, electricity. The 
work occurs in the far future - mutations, extinctions, broken spaces of 
information. The work occurs in the past - organisms huddled as if 
protected against the fury of the world, primitive electrical machines 
tuned into atmosphere and universe. The distorted bodies are our own of 
course, in the present, of course. The work offers no solution - there 
isn't any - but presents a distorted beauty of its own. The field 
telephones connect the tents in the smaller and larger room. The kite 
connects the tent in the outer room to the atmosphere. The tents in the 
outer room are splayed, dysfunctional, as if attempting, and failing, to 
rise form the ground. The tent in the inner room is home to images, to a 
space of looking, watching. The tents are WWII tents, resonant with the 
materials in the smaller room, with the video and tent of Leslie Thornton. 
Think of the in both rooms as along a sightline, faultline. HELLO HELLO.

[] MIAOU []


Antigone

Between the space of the lens and the screen, the trapezoidal space of 
projections, projective space; it's here that the body finds haven, that 
interruptions disturb, that flattening presences discursive spaces: you 
are the visible omen, content demarcation. This is the space of neural 
interiority against the scythe of the image from disk to di/splay. The 
thin edge of the picture splatters from the wall, reassembles at every 
junction of perception. This is another actant, drama. One reads the 
splatter as content; it's as if the thetic confined itself to a certain 
materiality. But it is within the intermediary space, for example the 
project/projections on the interference of the body, that the imaginary 
operates. Doesn't modernism itself play on this intermediary? 

a war


"Tonight there are fireworks. The war seems to have come to an end. And 
then I remember, there was no war."

"You remembered that the coming was the war itself."

"You fought against the inscription of the trench and its dimensional 
collapse into the foxhole."

"You fought and you collapsed."

"Nothing of writing remained, nothing of the world at war."


things and people, states and processes, always were

things and people, states and processes, always were
And end. an to come have to seems war The fireworks. are there "Tonight 
flattening everything real
with repetition and defuge
as if disturbances are ontologically prior
or as if ontology had priority
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
the Emblematic as disturbance of the emblematic
symbolic loosening of the emblematic
and other organisms with invisible cultures
we exhaust ourselves with presencing present
the sheave of the image is infinitely thinned
it's these beams that constitute the imaginary
we walk among others walk among us
grappling among them
forget everything outside the world
the world absorbs very little and not everthing is here
we speak of floating worlds, we are immersed
flattening everywhere we are enlightened
war." no was there remember, I then 
flattening everything real
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
symbolic loosening of the emblematic
and other organisms with invisible cultures
nonfictionally. i've seen far too much
the sheave of the image is infinitely thinned
we walk among others walk among us
grappling among them
the world absorbs very little and not everthing is here
we speak of floating worlds, we are immersed
flattening everywhere we are enlightened

things and people, states and processes, always were
itself." war the was coming the that remembered "You 
flattening everything real
as if disturbances are ontologically prior
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
the Emblematic as disturbance of the emblematic
symbolic loosening of the emblematic
and other organisms with invisible cultures
nonfictionally. i've seen far too much
we exhaust ourselves with presencing present
we further believe that
the sheave of the image is infinitely thinned
it's these beams that constitute the imaginary
we walk among others walk among us
what swirls are structures gnawing
grappling among them
forget everything outside the world
the world absorbs very little and not everthing is here
we speak of floating worlds, we are immersed
flattening everywhere we are enlightened

things and people, states and processes, always were
dimensional its and trench the of inscription the against fought "You 
flattening everything real
as if disturbances are ontologically prior
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
the Emblematic as disturbance of the emblematic
symbolic loosening of the emblematic
and other organisms with invisible cultures
we exhaust ourselves with presencing present
with present thetic history and the discursive now
we further believe that
it's these beams that constitute the imaginary
we walk among others walk among us
what swirls are structures gnawing
grappling among them
forget everything outside the world
the world absorbs very little and not everthing is here
we speak of floating worlds, we are immersed
flattening everywhere we are enlightened
foxhole." the into collapse 
flattening everything real
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
symbolic loosening of the emblematic
emblamtic sublimation into the Emblematic
we exhaust ourselves with presencing present
with present thetic history and the discursive now
it's these beams that constitute the imaginary
we walk among others walk among us
what swirls are structures gnawing
grappling among them
forget everything outside the world
the world absorbs very little and not everthing is here
flattening everywhere we are enlightened

things and people, states and processes, always were
collapsed." you and fought "You 
flattening everything real
- disturbances are everywhere
as if disturbances are ontologically prior
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
the Emblematic as disturbance of the emblematic
symbolic loosening of the emblematic
we exhaust ourselves with presencing present
with present thetic history and the discursive now
we further believe that
we walk among others walk among us
what swirls are structures gnawing
grappling among them
forget everything outside the world
the world absorbs very little and not everthing is here
flattening everywhere we are enlightened

things and people, states and processes, always were
war." at world the of nothing remained, writing of "Nothing 
as if disturbances are ontologically prior
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
the Emblematic as disturbance of the emblematic
symbolic loosening of the emblematic
and other organisms with invisible cultures
the sheave of the image is infinitely thinned
it's these beams that constitute the imaginary
we walk among others walk among us
what swirls are structures gnawing
grappling among them
forget everything outside the world
the world absorbs very little and not everthing is here
we speak of floating worlds, we are immersed
flattening everywhere we are enlightened



The Hunt

I was present at hunt's origin,
The swinging of the rope, the wild calls;
Time and again, I was a messenger,
But no one would believe me. Now, here,
Is the proof of the children in the wilderness.
And here, now, the birds crying over the dead.

I have been ceded the golden transmission,
And have made play to give this gift to you;
Receive it in good grace, and recompense
Of the dark world's suffering shall be
Your understanding in no other worlds to come.



When was I born? 
When did I die?
When did I write these words?
I wrote them after I was born and before I died.
I wrote them before I was born and before I died.
I wrote them after I was born and after I died.
I wrote them before I was born and after I died.
Where was I born?
Where did I die?


High-Speed Sutra


I don't know what it means to practice Zen.
I don't know what it means to do anything at all.
Whatever it means, I'm not doing it. I'm definitely not doing it.

I think I might practice something.
I'm already at the edge of the cliff. Something, anything, one for all.
All for one is nothing. I won't practice that.
I won't practice writing either.

The practice of writing is writing.
The practice of Zen is nothing at all. I won't do it.
This isn't writing, this is practice.
I'll write something later on.

I should add I don't know anything about Zen.
I should add I'm writing borrowed-Zen.
I don't know anything about Zen, I'm writing borrowed-Zen.
My Zen is faster than yours.
I should add my Zen is fast.

I won't do it, not even to do it. I won't do Zen.
There are hungry ghosts after me, they know!
Where they are, I'm not. Where I am, they won't go!
My Zen is faster than theirs. My ducks are enlightened Kwak! Kwak!

Not dying is not not wanting to die.
Dying is not wanting to die and not not wanting to die. 
After a while negation buzzes. Automata make negation machines.
Negation machines buzz for me. They make things faster.

Just because my Zen is fast doesn't mean it's not Zen.
Just because I feel nothing doesn't mean I'm not enlightened.
My enlightened Zen takes a nanosecond.
Whatever takes anything, I'm not doing it!
I haven't done it either!

This is the High-Speed Sutra.





lexicon, analog


- in this a segment is repeated diachronically (temporally).
  if segment = S, then we have S*n - n repetitions
- in this a single segment is constructed synchronically (spatially).
  space collapses onto itself; if space = S then we have S*x = S.

So there'a a _vocabulary_ constructed here, against which Poser/motion
capture, Blender, etc. plays.

at least in a while this should be up. It's very simple reverse echo set 
to 'maximum' but you can see where this is going, how it would work w/ 
poser, or with even a vocabulary / calligraphy of the figure - meanwhile 
for me it's uncannily beautiful, Maud suspended in space

Meanwhile I've been working mainly with a short piece of the Maud material
which I'll make into an .mp4 either tonight or tomorrow; the rendering is
horrendous. It's simple but works. The tapes together constitute almost a
lexicon of figuration - it's hard to explain, but there are so many possi-
bilities, in terms of video, but also aesthetics, philosophy...

I'm unclear about the nature of the fetish in the construction of the 
original tapes, in which stage left/right, horizontal/vertical, closeup/ 
distance interplay in a semiotics of desire outlined by the bar-barriers 
of the material; I see this as minimal signs of humans on a planet within 
which they remain benign, localized.

Just got down humming through the 15 mini-dvs, and will begin working more
with them now. Your roof, the flute silhouette solo, the picnic, all are
cinematic, perhaps a story in that -



flattening and epistemo-ontological differences

i move between epistemology and ontology without even recognising the 
difference, since for me conceptual necessity equals natural necessity. an 
interesting case of confusion of ontology and epistemology is hermeneu- 
tics. since for me conceptual necessity equals natural necessity in this 
respect, epistemology cannot be investigated without regard to what there 
is. metaphysics, or alternatively ontology, is that branch of philosophy 
where the central concept of feminist epistemology is that of a situated 
knower. in order to make any progress in epistemology or ontology, i 
claim, one assumes that, belief in god is like our belief that two plus 
two equals four. ontology is the study of what there is, two useful 
additions are functions and predicate functionals. and so, we place the 
study of epistemology immediately before ontology. this would be where 
epistemology equals ontology, knowing = being. this would be the pearl of 
great price, if satan were interpreted as duality. epistemology is the 
study of how we know what we know. ontological issues revolve around the 
nature of the phenomenon we are seeking to know. epistemology is the 
philosophical theory of knowledge, ie, the study of knowledge. ontology is 
the theory of the nature of being and existence, ie, the application of 
knowledge to epistemology. contemporary cognitive psychology ignores both 
epistemology and ontology. a claim which is commonly made is that the 
science of cognition is concerned with a convenient overarching rubric of 
philosophical concerns; however, it is the triad of axiology, epistemol- 
ogy, and metaphysics/ontology that formulate its absolute foundation, 
flattening. lets distinguish first between epistemology and ontology. 
epistemology studies the nature of knowledge which actually means how we 
conceive our existence. lets distinguish first between epistemology and 
ontology. epistemology studies the nature of knowledge which actually 
means how we conceive our essence as well. nevertheless, i wish to do so.





origins of dance

lying there in rapture, dreaming so deep among all our worlds and 
worldings,
in which as is natural, bodies interpenetrate and the true nature
of dance is revealed

for which reason most dancers are hypocrites
keeping themselves to themselves and their limbs to their limbs
keeping their mouths to their mouths and their hands to their hands

ignoring the content of dance, that is the holes of the body
and their expulsions and retentions, their immersions and penetrations

distributions among their theatricalities
i can tell all of this from the depths of sleep
you can hear all of this from the depths of your sleep

when your holes open to my own
where the dance originates
when the dance begins




the Thing is


the Thing is < to what extent can one _explore_ dance, the body, the 
body's sexuality, Dionysian register? outside of literature, where the 
Thing resides, or the problematizing of the Obscene relegated, within the 
register of, the Thing. dance for example is always already an institution 
- well defined, over-determined, encapsulated. censorship requires that 
each and every production possess an _edge_ in relation to legality, which 
necessarily contaminates any investigation or presentation: the Law pre- 
sents itself within unknown territory, which it encapsulates. the limit- 
point of dance and sexuality dancing is indiscriminate fucking, display - 
against the Law, in deliberate ignorance of propriety, etiquette, in favor 
of culture as prolongation of the species _only,_ whose laws are therefore 
localized. how to sidestep this? what is a presentation, an audience, dif- 
fering on every occasion, at variance with, in tension with, the perform- 
er, performance? careers are at stake: fill the holes and lose a grant, 
empty the holes, and suffer the indignities of arrest, incomprehension, 
midnight phone-calls and invitations. one a dancer is pornographic, once 
the body is splayed / displaced in its inconceivability, there is no 
turning-back, no retreat: the future builds on evidence. yet _without_ 
this splay / display, dance, photography, culture, art in general, is a 
lie, transforming impulse into acceptable eroticism and taste. we are 
painted and repainted by culture; our 'natural attitude' is at a far re- 
move from anything within the limitlessness of the symbolic or pool of the 
imaginary. the further we mount technology and the virtual, the further we 
are mounted, rule-driven, protocol-governed - the further the clean and 
proper body prepares itself for clean and proper laws, death-by-absence 
only. go out on a limb: it is your own. where the limb joins the body, 
aye, there's the rub of it. the Thing is not a Thing; the Thing is not 
there, not Other, not here at all. and forget, among other things, the 
enjoyment of arousal, arousal-art, aroused-artist/viewer/listener - 
aroused participant - that will be fought, contaminated, transformed into 
subterfuge. at best one can accept the diagrammation of arousal - what 
else is psychoanalysis good for - the process or culmination-process is as 
invisible as semen on stage, spurted from dancer, welcomed and returned by 
audience-participants. this is the most familiar territory in the history 
of art, of dance, of the body; it is also the most unknown. draw a vector; 
follow it; starve to death; flesh transformed and its dessicate - we're 
left with it, given it, one and all, one for all, all for One, and it's 
gone. the Thing abhors One; refuses to recognize One; undermines its pol- 
itical agenda. where the One is, the Thing is not; where the Thing is 
knotted, the One self-decomposes, deconstructs on the way to forgetting.

and is any of this more than: revolt, pay the cost, disappear? shall it 
end _here_ where the limb begins? shall it end within? this is the surface 
appurtenance-appearance; this is what the dancer, photographer, performer, 
does, those under the aegis of the real-imaginary, the re/presentation or 
mapping of the most private body into/onto the limelight. 

the audience might give a whore for it, sex-slave of either sex, might 
barter or proffer, might just take, might kill, might extinguish, might 
just rape, might tear limb from limb, limb from hole, hole from limb. but 
the audience might just give a vote against it, law against it, might 
close it down, dream it up, dream it down. the wager of sin is sin, the 
wager transformed. 

and what of the _inconceivable_ Thing? what of the delirium of impossible 
and displaced topologies, higher-dimensional entities projected and flat- 
tened in our tawdry space of the real? for if the dance-dancer emerge _out 
the other end_ of this aporia, there's always movement against itself, 
splay to the nth-degree, body turned inside out. so the performer has no 
more secrets - they're in the audience, in the first or second row, all 
the way back to the balcony. the dance-dancer's wasted, used-up - that's 
hir power - exhausted - there's no turning back - there's nothing left of 
hir, nothing the audience doesn't know, doesn't dream of that very night, 
from that night forth -

the oldest of dreams - that is to _say_ - the fury of couplings, of the 
fits and fittings of bodies, of the generation of substance and the sub- 
stance of generation. this lurks within, beside, beneath, each and every 
performance, each and every mouth we speak. there is no Other; there are 
only holes, endless holes, endless wholes.




Wasteland


re John von Neumann, The Computer and the Brain - analog computer - "each 
number is represented by a suitable physical quantity" - in the digital 
machine there are markers and combinations. Consider the former a calcu- 
lation which is _intrinsic_ to the material world and the latter, one that 
is _extrinsic._ Then the former also embodies temporality - there is a 
necessity for movement-vectors of material objects; I would argue (here's 
the rub) that the latter displaces or flattens temporality. The simplest 
example - an analog watch, a digital clock - in the former, temporality is 
constituted by indexicality ranging over a _field_ within which projects 
forward and backward are simultaneously visible - and in the latter, only 
imminence appears - 10:42 does not constitute a vector or transformation 
but an abstracted and flattened quantity. Admittedly, the quantity _means_ 
only by virtue of difference, but the difference - and difference itself - 
is negated. In the analog situation, the field is the matrix of difference 
which is memory, moving, movement. In the digital, pure function to the 
nth-degree of tolerance. In both, deployment and poetics of temporality 
within which functionality is a residue - the reason for example for so 
many chimes and bells - divisions external to the dial-field, divisions in 
concert with labor.

The same phenomenologies occur in considering GPS and atlas navigators. 
The former presents the imminent situation of the user (i.e. "you are 
here") in relation to a sketched immediate surrounding (just as the 
digital clock presents "you are now" - the split between synchronic and 
diachronic almost too neat); the latter presents the field within which 
the user must locate hirself - a field extending to the edge of the page 
and beyond. The same is also of course true for the GPS, but the imminent 
positioning of the GPS is over-determined; the map is centered on the user 
or hir goal, the map is a production of the user though the GPS for the 
user, or a production of the GPS in accord or upon the command of the 
user. Like the analog clock, the GPS screen disappears with shutdown; the 
imaginary of the screen retreats within the real artifact.

To some extent we are considering only a _moment_ within the digital, 
which can map anything anywhere; online maps for example are becoming 
increasingly detailed, and NASA's WorldWind is as good a simulacrum of the 
planet as one is likely to get. The difference between analog and digital 
is increasingly abolished as raster, bandwidth, and databases increase. It 
is within the digital-personal, watches and portable GPS, that the dis- 
tinction is likely to remain; even personal video/music players are 
approaching the analog millennium. The greater the convergence, the 
greater the databases and technologies at work, the more labor-intensive 
the information regime, the more porous and vulnerable. The distinction 
becomes a memory, revealed only when something goes wrong, and the digital 
body opens, not to plumbing, chemistry and substance, but to electronic 
technologies. And here, too, the distinction converges as bodies take on 
the characteristics of cyborg-avatars, and the possibility of organic 
computers and displays increases. Thus the world is all image, all screen, 
complexity intertwined beneath surfaces; thus the world is porous and 
vulnerable itself, susceptible to hacking and axing, conceivable and 
inconceivable onslaughts. Just as the nervous system is both digital and 
analog, so is the perceptual apparatus (by which I mean from sensor to and 
through sensed); one can imagine a horizon of continuous images, sleeps, 
dreams, stasis, and eternal death. So let us think of _distinction_ itself 
as a stage or moment in time: Lo, the Other will become One, and the One, 
Other, and all, or none at all, will bear silent witness to Absence.


the variant


from the end of XXV, Legge's Chuang Tzu: 

"Birth, before it comes, cannot be prevented; death, when it has happened, 
cannot be traced farther. Death and life are not far apart; but why they 
have taken place cannot be seen. That some one has caused them, or that 
there has been no action in the case are but speculations of doubt. When I 
look for their origin, it goes back into infinity; when I look for their 
end, it proceeds without termination. Infinite, unceasing, there is no 
room for words about (the Tao). To regard it as in the category of things 
is the origin of the language that it is caused or that it is the result 
noting; but it would end as it began with things. The Tao cannot have a 
(real) existence; if it has, it cannot be made to appear as if it had not. 
The name Tao is a metaphor, used for the purpose of description. To say 
that it causes or does nothing is but to speak of one phase of things, and 
has nothing to do with the Great Subject. If words were sufficient for the 
purpose, in a day's time we might exhaust it; since they are not suffic- 
ient, we may speak all day, and only exhaust (the subject of) things. The 
Tao is the extreme to which things conduct us. Neither speech nor silence 
is sufficient to convey the notion of it. Neither by speech nor by silence 
can our thoughts about it have their highest expression."

The chasm is the variant of the Other, and each of these texts and images 
are variants of others; the variant-machine has been set into operation; 
one after another are set forth; a set is established; a style, genre, and 
canon, are established; there is no original; words are insufficient. We 
may create, day and night, the variant, of which everything is such; we 
may do nothing; we might have destroyed; we might have been destroyed; we 
might have been at variance. But there is no original of original, no 
variance of variance. 

There is only a loss of insight, dim- inution of creative force, defuge, 
exhaustion, the easy way out, of which the easiest lies at the bottom and 
top of the variant; of the heap of variants; of the contusions of the 
world; of that imminence of the lost; of that immanence of the lost; of 
nothing lost, nothing gained; everything lost and gained. From the pure, 
the turbid emerges; from the turbid , the pure, like a dead disassociated 
eye come to life; an immobilized eye; the variant of such; of eyes; of 
immobilizations. Here is one thing; there is another; there is one thing, 
here is another. Language neither separates nor units; it is a continuous 
collocation, collocations, of variants; language itself is a variant; of 
languages; of others; of insufficiencies; of sounds, noise, murmurs, 
cries, rattles, crashes, shrieks, winds, waves, clouds and oceans. The 
variant has no limits; the variant-machine does not exists, the imaginary 
accounting of the variant; as if to curtail the limitless; as if to 
inhere. Of which the Tao has not spoken, already the exercise, exorcizing, 
of the historical, hysterical, already writing, already corrected, 
emended, erased, obscured, teleology reversed, nothing of the origin, 
nothing of the end.





4-four catastrophe machine in motion capture

4 stationary points with picking up and putting down and rearrangement
18/4 sensors motion capture: _the language returns from the other side_ - 
sudden jumps - hyperbolic space - infinite manifolds - closed but yes at 
the edges - the corners - elsewhere - beyond anything conceivable - the 
body is a compass - the body tends - this way and that way - take a gander 
- a look-see - variants on and off the field - of discourse - space-time - 
points holding everything back - master or matrix - murmur - the semaphore 
of the black hole - nietzsche - 

killer sons - victim fathers - semiotics of the woman - literally the cusp 
catastrophe - or butterfly - the catastrophe machine - in one end and out 
the other - heideggerian four-fold holding in abeyance - moves every so 
slowly - then swish! - crack! - kwak! -


rewrite < desire > into you


it is the _continuous rewrite_ of the body
this is the uncanny of the body under rewrite, the ascii unconscious
can rewrite other's programs and descriptions. if you are a wizard or a
short-hand rewrites of moments erased, untethered from the real.
reread them again, all after numerous rewrites. so any errors that accrue
fabric, indexical embodiment, rewrite, and so forth are developed;  and it
description, rewrite anyone's objects or take them for hir own, and even,
we are immersed in lag, in rewrite, in hysterical embodiment, in a 
you _book_ me - continuous rewrite - open up the space inside the body
uncanny of the body under rewrite, 
_rewrite_ itself has become our provenance, as we continue to assert our
up, write and rewrite. it's all mixed, text and scent. it's mixed, weight
tinuous) _rewrite,_ the re-presencing of the self/avatar as obsessive-com-
map_rewrite(@), av = (nullv)
map_rewrite => @
rewrite: ruleset   3   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   0 returns: $# local $: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   0   input: jennifer @ vages . lure_net . org
rewrite: ruleset  98 returns: jennifer @ vages . lure_net . org
rewrite: ruleset  96 returns: jennifer < @ vages . lure_net . org . >
rewrite: ruleset  97 returns: $# local $: jennifer
rewrite: ruleset   0   input: jennifer
rewrite: ruleset  98 returns: jennifer
rewrite: ruleset   0 returns: $# local $: jennifer
rewrite: ruleset   0   input: travis @ theory . hashish . net
rewrite: ruleset  98 returns: travis @ theory . hashish . net
rewrite: ruleset  90   input: theory . < hashish . net > 
rewrite: ruleset  90 returns: travis < @ theory . hashish . net . >
rewrite: ruleset  95   input: < > travis < @ theory . hashish . net . >
rewrite: ruleset  95 returns: travis < @ theory . hashish . net . >
rewrite: ruleset   0 returns: $# smtp $@ theory . hashish . net . 
aural register as _continuous process_ (what i call _rewrite_ in the early
and the self as a continuous rewrite; there were avatars such as tiffany,
i cannot resist knowledge; i can burrow in structures, write and rewrite
i write and rewrite into a winperl program, changing it, substituting
ing program artifacts. the program itself undergoes continuous rewrite in
of. and rewrite resonates, connects with the phenomenology of emanants.]
perfectly clean, always a symmetry or lure. [eternal rewrite is obsessive-
doctor goodbye (rewrite) = jennifer 
compulsive gnaws at the real, the psychotic inscribes and rewrites through-
producing an encoding of zeros and ones, the _rewrite-body_ absorbed by
or "virtual subject" rewrites, continually, himself or herself. and as
existed on a continuous rewrite. i lived naked on the net. i'd
body. it is the rewrite which replaces the transcendent ego or ideal -
to rewrite the body is to inscribe it within a protocol, begin and
unlike lautreamont, i no longer write myself into existence; i rewrite
net; what is here is rewrite only, a rewrite which is necessarily
chain mail theory from the violence of the mail: rewrite of theory
existed on a continuous rewrite. i lived naked on the net. i'd
i rewrite cause there isn't a woman to help me
i rewrite cause i gotta get born
rewrites the user, the _uncanny_ face of death. abject: no place to
- the general failure of inscription and rewrite; lose of the i and 
winds, and what is written rewrites itself, a rewrite mimicking what i
rewrite myself, presence rewrite rewriting presence the rewriting myself,
the process of deferral and _rewrite._ codework, like _wryting,_ is an 
tue rewrite  feb rewrite     rewrite           rewrite  est rewrite      
the rewrite  moon rewrite  is rewrite  waxing rewrite  crescent rewrite 
(  % rewrite  of rewrite  full) k % rewrite      p trying rewrite 
   .  . . ... connected rewrite  to rewrite  panix .panix.com. escape
rewrite  character rewrite  continuous is rewrite  '^]'. netbsd/i   
rewrite  continuous (panix .panix.com) rewrite  (ttyrt) login  rewrite 
    sondheim password  last rewrite  login  rewrite  tue rewrite  feb
rewrite  continuous    rewrite           rewrite       rewrite  from
rewrite      pool-  -   -   - copyright rewrite  (c) rewrite  continuous
        , rewrite      , rewrite      , rewrite          , rewrite      
rewrite  rewrite  rewrite      rewrite  rewrite  the rewrite  netbsd
rewrite      foundation, rewrite  inc. rewrite  rewrite  all rewrite 
rights rewrite  reserved. copyright rewrite      (c) rewrite      ,
rewrite      , rewrite          , rewrite      , rewrite      , rewrite 
        , rewrite      , rewrite       rewrite      rewrite  rewrite 
rewrite  rewrite  rewrite  lisp rewrite      rewrite  rewrite  rewrite 
nk rewrite  rewrite  rewrite  rewrite      rewrite  rewrite  tf-lib mail
rewrite  rewrite      rewrite  continuous rewrite  rewrite  rewrite     
rewrite  looply.pl rewrite  rewrite      rewrite  rewrite  rewrite  note
rewrite      rewrite  rewrite  rewrite  rewrite  rewrite      rewrite 
tiny.world news rewrite  rewrite      rewrite  rewrite  continuous
unknowing subject rewrite  = rewrite  subject rewrite  = rewrite  subject
rewrite  continuous rewrite  rewrite  subject rewrite  reverie rewrite 
cloudy-skies __ k  % rewrite  exit connection rewrite      closed
the principles remain the same, the necessity of continuous rewrite to 
because of these things, the screen rewrites me! rewrite her. me.


To be in and of the cradle of consciousness within a closely infinite 
relationship to extensive time and space, slicing through that, in order 
that _this_ consciousness among all others speaks and writes within _this_ 
plane of infinitesimal appearance, disappearance - space and time of the 
womb, of the closely infinite walls of the womb, vagina, matrix, concavity 
of the chora, closed off, momentary defense or fortification. But among 
this that infinite sky which consciousness comprehend, well, that is 
understood, understandable, but the question and answering of _this_ 
consciousness, of the sense of _my_ fingers, or fingers under my control, 
lending themselves in the midst of the inconceivable plenitude of worlds, 
this splay or embracing in the guise of wonder, this opening which is so 
inconceivably peripheral to existence, that its questioning is always 
already absent before the enunciation...


being or beings, Being or Beings

being or beings, Being or Beings
hence and henceforth, subject and subjectivity
digits and digital, turn and turnabout
split and splitting, there and thereupon
surge and surgery, prom and promontory
dark and darkling, clot and clothing
chair and chairwoman, char and charmed
mud and mudra, floor and floored
tabled and tabled, tab and tabulated
will and willing, ill and illness
more and moreover, endorphin, end

existential temporal moment digitally sliced into static substance/scene



the basin of our lives, our concavity, neither internal nor an extension, 
we're here, there, miniscule, only our loss the richness, fecundity of 
world and information time and time again, sheaves of time, of which, just 
this text or view or this reading, death coming, infinitude of details 
gone forever, slightest creatures, of which we, communalities, surface one 
or once or not at all, our unknowingness, rot envisaged in the corpse of 
the other, our selves worn like teeth come the death of how many, the 
moment after, no longer there, your glance invisible, words unheard, touch 
receding down your long corridor, the room the same, view from window, 
slough of air, this body no long with basin, with concavity, the thing, 
what will you do with it, what will be done with it


issue of implicit abstraction returns, almost like a stain or residue. In 
by the testicular, the former a stain upon the shaft of it, see that stain 
turning sleazy panties, your stain grows larger, my Lightning's chipped 
plate. Lightning's stain and the murmur of thunder, sexuality, the stain 
or residue of inscription, the transformation of text _elsewhere_ of that 
logic, the stain implied by the sheffer-stroke itself to the evacuation of 
the real. Jennifer is thinking sleazy about her philosophy of immensity, 
the stain all in the breadth of a stain on a minor planet. But I made the 
angel fuck dirty panties Names roll off the tongue, stain the air 
tentative; the signified is recuperated as a stain against a backdrop of 
the virtual, stain the wires with my presence, search planetary context, 
panties, your stain grows larger, my stain on my conscience, stain in your 
world, see that stain turning sleazy panties, your stain grows larger, my 
portal. her labia are portal to the sacrifice. stain her. the woman's are 
platform for the sacrificial altar. stain him. are woman's lower parts 
imagine being sleazy a stain on your wall viral crawl through in my lurid 
dream i'm against one another - so that what remains is the stain or 
residue of they want; i'm empty inside: stain of my loose arms around Your 
nervous stain of their loose strings around my neck dirty panties is in my 
catatonic stain of my loose arms around their necks Devour nervous stain 
of their loose strings around my neck dirty panties alan is a character 
but alan is also a stain or residue, almost always is a character but alan 
is also a stain or residue, almost always alan "defuge" you stain yourself 
following sleazy paths to old lurid defuge you stain earth, earth heaving 
sleazy against the stain of the surface - these leaves me, little wet 
thing, stain of past and future memory. Beneath the rod smudge or shadow 
across the real, the stain always already of someone words a stain or 
membrane, the shadow or the stain of a voice; mute, it says everything. 
Your across the stain of broken limbs. Here _GaL-GaL_ turns, splayed open 
and lurid depth of the pen on paper. It's the stain or residue of the 
same. It's the lurid depth of the pen on paper it's the stain or residue 
of the same, lorelei plunging sleazy into the sea, now see, red stain on 
the waters on the sheets, perfume leaves its stain on the nipples, across 
the chest,


Story

Who have you ever heard her call? Do you swear to tell the truth, the 
whole truth, nothing but the truth, so help you God? Annie faltered; she 
was an atheist and who knows what Travis really thought of her. His fate 
rested in her hands, her mind, her large and widening eyes, as she 
recalled the moment of the crime. But the soldiers were asking for it, and 
it only took a second; once their backs were turned, it was easy. And the 
rest was easy too. I'll testify, she said, under any god that pleases you!

He screamed, but she ignored him. He would walk with a limp for the rest 
of his life the doctors told him, but he would walk, and eventually he 
would walk without pain. He shifted in the courtroom, unhappy with the way 
events were going. "You fucked me," he screamed, "you fucking used me, and 
then you fucked me some more! You dirty bitch!" Her eyes widened and for 
just a moment she looked both startled and guilty ~ Naughty Annie instead 
of Nasty Annie. She broke down and was carried out; he broke down and was 
carried out. Later, after his suicide, she asked whether he said anything 
at all, absolution or prayer, before he died. Proctor said "He muttered 
something that meant nothing ~ something that meant only get out of here, 
dream voice, get gone." Her eyes widened more. "And I did," he added. "And 
so should you."

Annie tore at herself, clawed her breasts, blood running down her chest, 
everywhere like a bad dream. "Take me" she said, "take me now," to 
"Virginia" Sandpiper, who had sent five more (the first four with 
additional Polaroids) before finally lapsing into puzzled, slightly hurt 
silence. The photos laid on the floor all around her. She was one of 
the disappeared. All the ID had vanished. Annie's eyes widened at the 
thought that finally she'd act on her own; Sidewinder - the cause of the 
problem - was next.

Sidewinder was downhill and the road would be slippery in the rain and it 
was darker than a mineshaft; he meant to try it all the same. Annie 
followed. There were perhaps seventy acres of open ground between the 
house and the edge of the forest ~ the snow-cover over it was a perfect 
and blazing white. Annie could see perfectly; eyes widened, she aimed, 
squeezed, and pulled the trigger. One of them would die.



body movement translated into bvh file
bvh file clothed in loquacious avatar
avatar lowered onto floor body
hysteric dance of avatar and floor body
mapped dance of one and another
digital seamless wonder transmutated skin
writhe wryte internal electromagnetisms
signals connecting floor body and avatar
avatar desiring floor body hysteric
hysteresis as chiasmic exchange
the one generated the other
the other was clothed in the one
the other above the one
the one beneath the other
coupling hysteresis hysteria
the womb meanders eyes opened shut
bodies stitched together in final fury
doctor doctor there is no help for me
doctor doctor there is no help for us 
for her for them
peopling the world of the grainy digital film
stitched together falling apart at the seams
falling apart seamlessly
hysterical out of control contrary
contradictory wayward really fucked up
really fucked up avatar fucked up floor body
say neurasthenic mean hysteric
bvh file long since forgotten


West Virginia University performance text / July 27 2006


Somewhere there's a story in this - machinery of the body or interminable 
mechanism of psychosis < Jerry should we begin like this? > We begin like 
this. We begin like this because the image stream is "thus." And it will 
take a while to orient - from the playing with the images to the 
performance. And except for this typing - there is no difference. Now I 
feel embarrassed because some of you have seen sections of these alreaady; 
I've been playing with the images for about forty minutes or so. These are 
avatars placed into literally inconceivable positions. My name is Alan 
Sondheim by the way nd I will be your guide for the evening. Or for as 
long as you choose to stay. So as I was saying yesterday, with an avatar, 
everything can be assembled or dissassembled - Here is the disassembly of 
a vacuum tube in a scanner, digitally deconstructed. What is it that you 
can do with machines that you cannot do with bodies? For one thing, 
disassembly line - that is eachpart is independent of all the others. 
Well, that's not true, but they'll stay that way if you unbolt them.

So one can move in ways that she cannot move, and remain in air outside of 
gravity. EVERY HUMAN BEING IS THE RESULT OF INTERMINABLE SADNESS. These 
images can be taken apart just like Al Capone. And these images belong 
somewhere or anywhere and it's death that returns these bodies quickly 
quicly to the position of the machine and its disassembly. So this is 
about death, my work is about death, and the absence of language, that 
looking out of the window at the last possible moment - and what is THERE 
continuing in the midst of cessation - So these people can move butonly 
for a short while. HOW LONG IS THE LIFE OF A DANCER? MERce is still going 
strong into his 80s just choreography now. But I saw him dance ever so 
slowly with a chair. And the chair with thick with the wood and if I'm not 
careful I'll cove up all the exciting images again. On the right two 
avatar cats with a human avatar perhaps from the Kojiki learning to ride 
them in the midst of unfathomable winds. On the left avatar humans 
hysterically presenting themselves AS IF they are on the scren within the 
screen. On the right the recent Ukrainian revolution covered completely in 
the main square in Kiev. On the left and right above - an occupation. On 
the left an avatar-violation and that skin moving without tearing or 
tearing without moving; to the right the neuraesthenic from the nineteenth 
century, lassitude danced out in the middle, in other words disease and 
strategies for moving around or through the body. There are times... in 
the midst... of the dark wood which surrounds us... when we lose track... 
give up... turn away...something has gone horribly wrong... perhaps this 
is one of those times... as if the world has stained the world.... Someday 
I will write myself... into nonexistence... This is my dream aloud... 
uncriducoeurMIAO HOW.... at that point that precise point... between being 
alive and being dead... I will divide.. and will divide and will divide... 
there will be nothing that remans remains whole... then each segment, yes! 
each segment! will retire all the others... the segments...

the segments will slowly disappear... outside of any database... not for 
your viewing or my own... oh then things do or do not go together... you 
see they lead us somewhere else... those faces on the left... modelled on 
a book from World War One - a hidden book - photographs of the wounded - I 
still have nightmares - and now in Iraq - people burned over ninety per 
cept of their bodies. In this country, this was inconceivable. Not even 
Vietnam... you have to go back to maybe Cold Harbor in the Civil War, 
something like that... So this is about this is about empyre - and this is 
a project - about the end of empyre - and this is a project - about a 
certain kind of fury - this is about dance and the stain of dance - this 
is about disease and the stain of disease - yes that too - this is about 
an entire - a whole - encyclopedia of things! - yes, the encycclopedia 
too! the encyclopedia as well! - faces collapsed yes in time - you can 
reverse time digitally - double faces - aum and silent or a--- and um--- - 
if you understand Shinto you'll get the reference - around Inari - 
guardian figures - foxes - one with open mouth one with shut - the 
electrical figuration between them - we're in the midst of the grid - the 
power grid - it's all around us - you can hear the grid - the antennas 
pick it up - the dancer moving around the grid - out in the wilds, well 
not wilds but away from the grid - you can hear other things -

World War II was very beautiful... bombers going from England to 
Germany... I imagine Iraq is very beautiful too...

In another minute this will look like a dance... a modern dance.. with 
mysterious black figures and electronic music...

more dance and more dance... someting about Krishna here but I don't want 
to go there -

these are segments of something called the swallowtail catastrophe - 
bifurcation points - when there's a sudden shift in behaviour - when 
anything can happen - but not "and usually does"

okaythis is Geneva - I'm flying the plane of the President of the United 
States... on a bus... (bus + plane = speed of bus) - next to - somewhere - 
an image of the tsunami - there's a proximity - about avatars - a nearness 
- an uncanny element - you can't define it - they're close - they're 
almost touching - and ye... yet... There are changes here... in gender... 
positioning - there's a story but I don't know it... - not yet...

what's necessary now - some sort of climax - some way to bring this all 
together - I'll find it - climaxes are usually loud - this one is embedded 
- in the machine - the back of my mind - somewhere else not there - 
somewhere with infantry - so the dancer - Maud - is the crankthat - the 
crank that - that drives the map - bang bang bang bang - if she disappears 
- the mapp - the map - will disappear - just wait and see - no I won't - 
just wait .... damn, its still there...

the world is a mess...

let us give ourselves at the most another two generations...

dusts... radiations... at least you don't have to dream this... 
thank you.



new performance


new performance material-mode... litany of nouns, concepts, roiled, 
returned, quicktime signatures, stopped at will (single mouse stroke to 
stop and double to continue). then the chant or discourse of the concept - 
improvisation & all the while the continued turmoil of the videos in 
motion, the sound bytes, nonetheless an absence of written text, or rather 
text to be written, the first face of it, the text which generates the 
speech, speaking text, speaking of the text, on occasion commentary of the 
visual, or the bridging of the sign between inscription, aural, visual, or 
among writing, speaking, gesture. where is the material-mode of language 
in all of this, in the midst of this; where is the groundwork of descent?

thus i generate nothing but sound, no appearance, no calisthenics, only 
the turmoil of the screen, turbulence of sound (for sound emerges else- 
where, not there, but beyond, or surround, or "to the left of the screen" 
from which the digital-naked is deployed); thus this speaking is always 
already at a loss, real-time, given only at the moment, gift only for an 
audience, a present or presencing audience, for whom speech is entreaty, 
and not file. 

thus will be the new performing and first and second degree of creation.

when i talk with incompletion
sometimes there comes a notion
that someone owns completion
an imaginary notion

asking campers riddled questions
is riddling walls of the camps
someone who no longer questions
is no longer roll-called in the camps

grey stained red and sutured mouths
no one ever gets out of here
bodies are nothing but mouths
the rest no longer here

obscene half in obscene half out
this is the primal scene
it never happened or worked out
just repetitious scene

arrows fly like cursors hasten
better get out of the way
space itself seems to hasten
time imprisoned one way

time has no time to rupture time
space is only residue
of time confined to confine time
time is residue


incredible what moves on wires
fires travel down inert electrons
plectrums hammer oscillations
fluctuations ensure bone and bending
lending one and all to targeting
forgetting limb and other members
tremors of constant sorrow
tomorrow electric lights and storms
forms coupling in flight and air
there descending across the mean
seen as stars fall and tackle
crackle hardly edible

n.otes

thinning, defuge, flattening <--> reduction, collapse

corrosion, residue, dissolution, dissemination, spew, emission

thinning and emission epistemologically related
-- emission (perhaps) implying point-source, teleology (it came from
planet x)

thinning - information peeled off
-- entropy - permanently lost

emission - information a mess, implosion
-- hints of origin, originary trope

the two are related, information disorders
-- information is never disordered; its receptors are (in relation to
codes, attention, capacity, etc.)

information is in a state of becoming-information - always hermeneutics

defuge also an information disorder? decathecting? has to do with 
libidinal investment withdrawn through repetition
'defuge is the information disorder of our time' (come again?)

defuge in relation to borderline syndrome, borderline personality 
(exhaustive testing of presence) - weakened, decathected or overly
cathected ('etiquette' of cathect / cathecting)

spew has wider origin than emission, emission implies some sort of 
coherency in the beginning - spew can be considered flux into flux 
(incoherency into incoherency)

the real is spew - continuous one-to-many / many-to-one mappings - 
chatterings, jostlings

core dump <--> spew - but not defuge - not impinging on the psyche - 
instead, formal epistemology, archaeology of collapse

defuge - information not present (was present) but stale - as in 
automatic reading, then returning to attempt rereading

information always already spew - as read, is edited down, cut into, etc. 
- 'spew sliced' = information

editing down the buzzing of the real (from spew) - machinic decoding - 
it's here that mathesis occurs - i.e. presencing - what emerges from slag 

God implies emission, spew implies, what? psycho-physical processes, thick 
transmissions - nothing that can be _named_

spew - moil, sourceless = everysource
spew - moil, boil, roil, soil -> defuge

emission - source, implied, inherent
emission - chatters? stutters? continuous and discrete emissions

Johannes Lohmann - operational words (of sorts)
see Kittler -
indo-european clusters / constellations - spread of phenomenological
domains across (among) inscriptions

inscription withdraws, decathects, sympathetic
fissure inheres, cathects, empathetic? (probably wrong way to go here)

Freud on the uncanny -

fissure and fissure, x and x, inscription, x and -x

fissure < - > defuge, x and x
defuge (x), i'm tired of all this (x)

fissure goes nowhere, there's nowhere to go
fissure comes from nothing, goes to nothing, there's no one to go
fissure - tends towards analog

inscription is 'everything else' - tends towards digital

immersion inscribes - into what? fissure? (wrong way again)
definable fissures - into what? inscription? (most likely not)

fissure is a priori untheorized, uninscribed



of space and what is present is present
of time and what in time is time
of searching and what of searching for searching
what of thinking of thinking
it's close to the smallest of smallest
it's closer to the nearest of nearest
o, moment of moments!
among the clearest of oceans of oceans!


Progress Report

My sleep has become increasingly chaotic; at this point, I last at best 
for two to three hours. I go through cycles with melatonin, taking more 
than usual in order to stop thinking, anything to stop thinking. Here in 
West Virginia, I work constantly; I'm afraid to stop; I don't know when I 
would be able to continue with any degree of security. Every image here is 
an image recuperated, indemnified, if only for the moment. The tunnel 
ceiling is a semi-oval. I worry that theory has already corroded me, that 
whatever I say is monstrous, useless, I dream of machines devouring body 
and space, transformed into pure light. I imagine the survival of light.

Nothing coheres to the mind or armature of the dream which devolves into 
tatters. When I speak, my voice sleeps. I churn out image, sound, text, 
jumbled together; I tend the files the way one should tend the earth, 
kindly, defensively. At a deeper level there are the remnants of joy in 
discovery; this or that hasn't been done before, hasn't been tried before.

But there really is this need to push myself to the point of collapse. 
Azure notes I tend to forget more; I feel literally demented as I tear 
into time and space. Physically I grow weaker; it's an experiment in van- 
ishment. Voices and lights dim, images and sounds murmur on the periphery 
of exhausted consciousness remembering Levinas. Immersed in death, in 
quiescence, I wonder if this or that text or tape will be the last before 
the stroke or heart attack. New and unknown symptoms are on the rise; the 
tinnitus has increased in intensity and this weakness is worse than usual, 
as are the odd headaches which flood and circulate as soon as there is the 
slightest stress or tension, or in the morning, or in the evening, or the 
bright light of day. I am carrying my body now, what remains of the I 
shredded in a tattered world. My lack of sleep rises as a mountain before 
me, behind me, veil of veil, shroud of shroud. I hunger more than ever for 
truth, for a narrative which comes out or doesn't along an endless cycling 
of paths. This is the flattening I fear, until I no longer feel fear, the 
absurdity of poverty, exhaustion, dropping of limbs in gullies, valleys, 
vales

place, of which we dream of hearth and woods, a space
dark time with which to roam the park,
collapsed into death's dull doom, relapsed
in flowered beauty, wounded like a pin
dropped on sundered skin, trembling, yet stopped;
so grids encapsulate the final blow,
lines carry weights of dreams of oaks and pines,
of hearths, of kindness, of robin, home, and dove
soaring across charred lands; planes and guns are roaring
still; vectors struggle, travel up the hill


Alan's words


I spoke, speak, divide, the path deride, write into night,
wryte into nyght, caught: pre-war history, pre-wars history,
warez-history, 

oh for that memory once again, code-memory, memory of code, memory of
code of memory

here in West Virginia, crickets singing, they will sing beyond me
beyond my body's reach, arms', hands', fingers' reach 
  a sudden gasp of breath, I will be gone
  my words broken, broken up
  used by strangers

some people
some people have other purposes
I wait for death like others wait for dawn
 wait for dawn's death, death's dawn, dusk of death, death of dusk,
 litany of beyond, storm-code memory,

who owns Alan's words
reorders Alan's words
claims them, takes them

even now, what comes out of my mouth is no longer mine



Text from Cybermind Conference - Log - 1996, Perth, Australia

Martin says, "we're close to beginning here..."
bree has disconnected.
Martin says, "What I would like is a discussion behind me on the screen 
dealing
 with netsex, and I may be able to interact - I'll let you know when - you 
don'
t need to talk at all about this if you don't want, but it would 
add/resonate w
/ the presen- tation which is going to be pretty chaotic."
Raxcip says, "sure, I will listen and play."
A very large pelican scoops bree up in its enormous beak and flies off to 
drop
her in bed.
Dria says, "um...I'll add stuff If I have anything to say (I usually do ;)"
Ghost nods.
Martin says, "stay on here - going off for about 30 seconds... - please 
stay on
"
Ghost says, "Standing by.."
Martin asks, "hello?"
Martin sighs.
Martin cheers wildly.
Ghost smirks.
Dria does a little dance
Ghost stomps a rhythm
Raxcip asks, "just a cyber-type observation...  Does anyone else find it 
odd ho
w easy it is to tell Alan from martin, even though they are sharing a 
name?"
Alan has @joined you.
Raxcip says, "Welcome, Alan."
Dria says, "Personalities come across really well, I find.  Esp. if the 
person
can write."
Alan says, "Im on as Alan now - and I think that Martin is on the other 
screen.
.."
Alan says, "Please hang in there..."
Raxcip says, "yes, I suppose."
Dria says, "hanging."
Raxcip says, "on"
Ghost says, "there."
Dria says, "stage fright :>"
Apocryphal says, "indeed, Dria..."
Dria says, "ah...I should get a gin&amp;tonic."
Raxcip cracks open a beer...
Dria says, "brb"
Apocryphal puffs on a mellow cigar
Alan says, "Okay we're on - "
Martin reconnects.
Alan says, "Richard MacKinnon is going to type for me --"
Martin exclaims, "Whee!"
Dria laughs
Martin exclaims, "I can do the minutes here!"
Raxcip says, "it only seems like minutes..  Its hours."
Alan says, "Alan wants a minute by minute countdown."
Dria says, "okay, you're hired ;)"
Alan says, "Alan wants us to discuss what netsex might be."
Ghost drops its drawers..
Raxcip says, "I thouth we were byond *that* point..."
Martin says, "Alan went to "Hot Horny Bitches" because someone asked him 
to"
Alan asks, "What do you mean Raxcip?"
Ghost asks, "Not stimulating enough here?"
Dria says, "Well, the mind is the most important sexual organ.  Take away 
all t
he other senses, and those which remain are heightened.  That's what it's 
all a
bout. :)"
Raxcip says, "the general definition.."
Alan exclaims, "Hey Martin I didn't realize that you were here!"
Martin says, "Alan is talking about "wryting" as the ontological component 
to w
riting ..."
Martin says, "Well now you do .."
Martin says, "We can take turns transcribing Alan ..."
Martin exclaims, "Netsex sounds ....  aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh    
zzzzzzzzzzz
m mmmmmmmmmm m m mm m m m  erghhhhh   h h wheeeeee!"
Dria laughs
zone has entered Conference Room.
Alan asks, "Dria . . . are you saying that mind-impoverished beings cannot 
have
 sex?"
Martin says, "oog"
zone laughs
Dria says, "I find the silences during are more expressive :)"
zone loves it
Ghost exclaims, "Oh baby!"
Dria says, "mind-impoverished?  Uhm...yes, I guess I am."
Dria says, "depends what that means, of course"
zone cracks up
Alan says, "Dria, well then it seems to me that one doesn't need much of a 
mind
 to be silent.  Perhaps you should consider hooking up with a rock."
Martin says, "Alan is talkig about hesiataions and backtracking and 
erasuresd .
.."
Raxcip says, "Yes, Its interesting to think of the other when there not 
typing.
.."
Alan says, "Oh I see . . . then it's not the *silence* which is poignant, 
but t
he thoughts resulting from the silence."
Speaker fades in from Entry Point and joins you.
Ghost says, "writing Alan talking about writing erasures.."
Speaker says, "I'll be Alan's words ..."
Speaker says, "Martin typing them ..."
Martin says, "yeah"
Raxcip says, "or, the silences translate to RL "
Dria says, "typing takes a certain concentration...if you're otherwise 
occupied
, it becomes secondary :)"
Speaker says, "One case which resulted in netsex that recuperated a 
married wom
an ..."
Ghost says, "Good argument for CUseeme.."
Alan says, "That's interesting.  Fanny, mentioned to me that the VR 
impressions
 made on her--particularly the romantic kind--seem to linger into the real 
worl
d."
zone manifests a spontaneously generated tatoo on her inner arm which 
reads: wo
rds are sex
Martin says, "Sounds being recorded ... we'll put up the realaudio up 
later ...
"
Dria says, "excellent argument for CUseeme...but that changes the 
situation, re
ally.  It's not as much connected to mind...it becomes also visual."
Alan says, "Of course, this "lingering" phenomenon is often characterized 
by si
lence, especially when a person has logged off."
Speaker says, "At times netsex can be completely overwhelming ... "
Goatium_Guest fades in from Entry Point and joins you.
Speaker says, "Part of it the 'command structure'  ..."
Ghost moans
Speaker says, "The ASCII unconcoous ..."
Speaker says, "ignore my spelling"
Alan asks, "If the mind is the primary sexual organ, then what is the 
differenc
e between net.sex and physical sex?"
zone smiles
Dria says, "raw, digitized self, expressed.  It's very different."
Speaker says, ""I can't type half as fast as Alan, even though I do it for 
a li
ving ..."
Raxcip says, "net.sex leaves you alone, untouched."
Alan says, "Hmmm....this implies that a virtual body is available to 
virtual lo
vers."
Dria says, "untrue...emotions are of mind...I can be 'touched' 
emotionally...of
ten with greater effect."
Goatium_Guest has disconnected.
The housekeeper arrives to remove Goatium_Guest.
Speaker says, "text emerges as parts of past, childhood ... interjections 
... s
natches that are not normally given voice to ..."
Dria says, "it's a more intellecutal intercourse."
Raxcip says, "Yes, but I decided I could no longer have netsex.  it left 
me fee
ling too alone, too sad."
Alan says, "Yes, but even your desire to use the wor....er...word 
"touched" imp
lies that a sort of "body" is produced-- whether emotional or textual."
Speaker says, ""Part objects .."
zone . o O (...duly noted use of the word "snatch")
Dria says, "it's not a replacement, but an enhancement"
Martin says, "Snatch was my word .."
zone . o O (...duly noted use of the word "intercourse")
Martin apologises.
zone laughs
Dria did that on purpose ;>
zone nods to Dria
Alan says, "Yep.  I think's that's true to a point...but it's even more 
than an
 enhancement.  I think it is an alterate, but not necessarily one that 
replaces
."
Martin catches the odd drop from Alan's verbal waterfall ...
zone smiles at Martin
zone loves it
Alan hands Martin a bucket
Speaker says, """The power of Netsex ... not trivial ..."
Speaker says, "Joining subjects across the wall of language .."
Speaker says, "defining ... truth ... idea of true speech and the genuine 
other
 .."
Speaker says, "primordial objectivity ... "
Alan asks, "Dria, you said that you think the "touching" in VR is an 
enhancemen
t of physical touching.  This implies that the former is better than the 
latter
.  Do you really believe this?"
Dria says, "netsex allows us to explore, to investigate, to 
experiment...with o
nly minor risk, compared to rl...it's a new form of fulfillment...we are 
only b
eginning to explore the possiblities"
Speaker says, "kant ..."
Speaker says, "Questions about Kant ..."
Martin exclaims, "Bucket!?!?!"
Alan asks, "What's a matter, Martin?  Is a bucket not large enough to 
catch dro
ps from Alan's waterfall?"
Dria says, "enhancement...not 'better', just...different...often 
'worse'...but
it's something new, and powerful, which affects profoundly the lives of 
many pe
ople.  It cannot be shrugged off as inconsequential"
Speaker says, "A state of primitive fusion and confusion .."
Speaker says, "Temptation of St Antoine .."
Ghost says, "No one's mentioned gender yet.."
Speaker says, "Cyberspatial buzzing .... huge amounts of ..."
Speaker says, "Excretion's featured a few times ... not that zone ..."
Speaker says, "not = note"
Dria says, "gender becomes ephermal...manipulable...part of the 
experimentation
."
zone nods to Speaker
Alan says, "Okay, I'm with you.  In the case of "worse," "enhancement" is 
an od
d ...er...odd choice of word.  An enhancement which makes something worse 
is a
connotation that is usually reserved for Microsoft :-)"
Dria says, "we are who we want to become."
Speaker says, "Confusions of identity .... @gender commands ..."
Dria laughs
Dria says, "perhaps it was a poor choice of word."
zone says to Dria, "I agree Dria...but I think it is also an opportunity 
to bec
ome more *who we are*...online serving as a mirror..."
Speaker says, "Control faction ... moviong backwards and forwards from the 
abys
ss .."
Speaker says, "ss"
Dria asks, "what parts of life do *not* serve as mirrors?"
Speaker says, "tremendous sexualisaion of the internet as a whole ..."
Alan says, "No matter . . . I agree, though . . . the internet allows us 
to exp
lore and experiment with reduced risk, but really though, how much of a 
risk is
 afforded.  I know that people can really get hurt--which comes as quite a 
surp
rise to them."
Dria says, "it's the cultural restrictions which we ahve to deal with in 
rl."
zone says to Dria, "You mentioned this thing about who we want to 
become...and
I was noticing the opposite is also true..."
Speaker says, "Most non-moderated spaces show this ..."
Dria says, "that's why I said minor risk...the risk exists...the 
phenomenon of
cyberrape...that cannot be overlooked."
Speaker says, "Sexualisation ... desires implicit just about everywhere 
..."
Alan says, "Precisely.  We can dump some cultural baggage, but I think 
people w
ho think the net.sex is "safe" are a bit under-net.sex'd."
Speaker says, "16 minutes ... 4 to go "
Speaker says, "language loses its formal syntactic structure ..."
Dria says, "it's safer than rl, imho...injury is of a different nature 
entirely
."
Speaker says, "Raviushment becomes the unravelling of language..."
Alan says, "There a plenty of cases where net.sex has penetrated the 
condom-as-
interface and  and hit the user right where it hurts."
Speaker says, "Woman he knew who would short out the keyboard with her wet 
hand
 after coming .."
Speaker says, "Streams of characters ..."
Speaker says, "fbnu bgyf hgf hgf hf hgbfh jgthrjigbtrubigperhbubhuehtuig 
bubtg4
 75ub4 htgb4 u5tgb4 5ugpbu4pihu5ughbu54ibgutbgubthbgubt "
Speaker says, "Ah, tht's better."
Alan says, "weroiusc sfdrmss sadfsdflj asdfsdj4r32wq"
Raxcip laughs
Ghost says to Dria, "psychological hurt is still psychological hurt"
Alan shrugs
zone says, "seroshlkjlllllll kisslillhh .lkjjiliiiiiiillllmmmmmm"
Alan says, "Exactly."
Dria says, "as I said, different.  "
Speaker says, "cu-seeme is more uncanny and disturbing  than y-talk ..."
Dria asks, "you really can't see the difference in risk?"
Speaker says, "Silence of cu-seeme ... uncanny ... uncomfortable ... 
fascinatin
g ... becasue of the faces ..."
Speaker says, "faces erupt in different direction .."
Alan asks, "Is it possible that a face can be thought of as genitalia?"
Speaker says, "recognition ..."
Speaker says, "didn't get to death on the internet ..."
Dria thinks about Michael.
Speaker says, "Tomorrow: Michael Current's fdeath ..."
zone says, "le petit mort"
Speaker says, "Thankyou ..."
Speaker recieves applause ..
Raxcip says, "only insomuch as every part of the body is sexual, (faces)"
Dria applauds for Alan :)
Martin says, "Questions ..."
Martin asks, "?"
Speaker says, "... cleaning up ..."
Ghost goes out through the out door.
Alan says, "Stelar laughed at the notion of cleaning up."
Alan says, "=c"
Dria laughs
Alan says, "Apparently in Austrialia, Kant is pronounced "cunt.""
Speaker says, ""Jerry asks about Kant ... Alan thought he meant something 
else
... talking about netsex ..."
Speaker says, "It is."
Dria bites hir tongue
Martin says, "probably for good reason"
Speaker says, "carry sexuality beyond what happens in Alan's real life .."
Speaker says, "as it becomes more real ... series of exchnages ..."
Speaker says, "list ... priovate mail .. ."
Speaker says, "more emotional .."
Speaker says, "relationshiop ..."
Speaker says, "phone call "
Speaker says, "phone sex ..."
Speaker says, "y-talk ..."
Speaker says, "photos ..."
Dria nods...got the first phonecall today :>
Speaker says, "peices of hair ..."
Speaker says, "souvenirs ..."
zone smiles
Speaker says, "anything ..."
Raxcip says, "sextoys..."
Speaker says, "Small animals .."
Dria laughs
Raxcip asks, "?"
Alan says, "Panties, panties"
Speaker says, "Oh yes, panties ..."
Dria says, "oh, don't forget the panties."
Speaker says, "That was a typo  . ..."
Raxcip grins
zone says, "oh yeah...and remember panties"
Speaker uses the word "coagulation" a lot ...
Alan says, "Effluvia and coming together in a matted position."
Speaker says, "Question intimates that Jerry ta;ling and Alan typing was 
like G
ilbert and George ..."
Alan says, "Group net.sex."
Dria  thinks...hm, time to break out the erotica ;>
Speaker says, "like dria"
Speaker licks Dria ever so slowly.
Alan says, "Except that the group is one person."
Dria freezes, deer in the headlights ;>
Dria says, "Yummy"
Speaker says, "Richness of net.sex "
Speaker says, "Turn off the computer ... left with own reflection in 
screen ...
"
Dria says, "the mirror."
Apocryphal says, "..."
Speaker says, "Different movements ..."
Raxcip says, "yes, thats the part I hate.  The computer off me alone"
Apocryphal says, "or nothing...the matte, blankness"
Speaker says, "y-talk is like two bodies separated by 
-------------------------
------------------"
Dria says, "you just have to understand what it is that you're getting 
into..."

Dria says, "but it is possible to get so much more from it...real love, 
can gro
w out here."
Martin says, "Jerry's talking ..."
Raxcip says, "yes, of course. "
Dria says, "you sound unconvinced. :)"
Raxcip says, "My friend was a world away."
Dria nods
Dria says, "aye...I know what it's like."
Alan says, "One of the speakers is talking about how he enjoyed watching 
the th
e screen and Alan and the timekeeping.  This, I (Richard) think is an 
example o
f how net.sex affords a greater opportunity for voyeurism."
Dria grins
Martin grins
Raxcip says, "I find it hard to exist both here on teh net and in RL, and 
wholy
 give oneself in either space.  I choose the Real."
Dria says, "I toggle between.  I am not real."
Alan says, "I choose both.  The unreal has been very good to me."
zone laughs
Martin says, "I really like Ari's presentation ..."
Apocryphal says, "it seems..."
Raxcip fails to delineate.
Alan says, "Jon Marshall is asking about the ethical challenges posed by 
net.se
x."
Apocryphal says, "like there's no one-or-the-other each infects the other"
Martin says, "The text was most lost on me ... but watching the images of 
the h
ands was definitely affaected by the MOOD of the text ..."
Alan says, "Don't forget that the Cathoholic Church has decreed that 
net.sex is
 a sin."
Dria says, "I walk out into the world 'rl' and I feel...unreal...it is 
surreal.
..it all feels surreal.  I have realized that "I" am not real (to anyone 
else,
at least).  So why fight it."
zone exclaims, "!!!"
zone says, "That is astonishing."
Dria says, "you're not serious.  You *can't* be serious."
Alan is serious
Dria boggles
Speaker says, "Ari says even email is theatrical .."
Apocryphal says, "the screen as contraceptive"
Alan says, "Dria, I think in the long-run, this is a great development.  
With a
 simple decree, the Church has given credence to cyberlife.  That's a good 
thin
g."
Raxcip says, "the catholic church would never approve of fun without 
consequenc
e."
Dria says, "well, yeah, but.  It's still stupid. :>"
zone nods.  Yes.  Calling netsex a sin has in one fell swoop brought it to 
the
attention of the world...
Alan says, "Yeah, but I'll take a little near-sightedness with a lot of 
vision-
-even if the vision comes inadvertently."
Dria decides to ponder it for a bit before forming a real opinon.
Martin asks, "Any questions to ALan?"
Martin says, "No"
Martin says, "That's it ..."
Martin says, "next sesion in 5 minutes .."
Alan says, "That's it, and thank you. There's another panel in five 
minutes and
 I can possibly work this through as well - not sure what the situation 
will be
..."




on the crest or ridge of an enormous wave, during which the events of the 
day loom exponentially, perhaps x^4 for example, the imminence of any 
diurnal, already lost before a week or so - and in what name then history, 
which integrates to the point of non-recognition? what happened thirty 
years ago, I have small tales, few images, cannot assemble sample days or 
nights; the remainder is all reconstruction, as it must be with crossed 
ontologies, from object and word to neural circuit. talismans, fetishes, 
ward against misinterpretation; these _are_ and _were_ and remain as such 
as if their abject or reflective status guarantees a presence across what 
can only be considered inconceivable loss. humans decry their minimal role 
in the cosmos, but more minimal yet is our recuperation of untold events 
among organisms, both spoken and unspoken, deaths of dinosaurs, children 
wailing in the distance, the fall of a lepidodendron, anything one might 
conceive. our slice, our crest, is the thinnest, thinner by far than the 
fossil we hold in our hands, as if it were precious reminder, not 
accidental residue; the fossil already participates in global economies of 
collecting, completions, transportations, representations. 

here though I think of the wave, the crest, the ridge, the fullness which 
is greatest among all others, the fecundity of the crest, Leibniz and Thom 
to a certain rescue, that is the rescue of all jostlings, emendations, 
here they are. further down the stalk or sides, quantum tunnelings 
continue and emissions, behave in contradiction to the distinctions above; 
above, however, the world is infinitely clarified, it is _there_ at the 
cusp or peak of roiling (singularities in differential calculus perhaps, 
difference calculus perhaps upon closer inspection), that we model our 
perceptions, our 'take,' our presence.


it will be when it finishes,
having been celestial, finishing
cosmic dance and bodies finished
and preened, shuddering, finish
or sheen; to be sure, this lives
until the checksum disappears, lived
flattening, as if it were live
or flourishing, alive, livid, living

body or inscription,
death eases, inscribes
itself, always already inscribed;
look - eyes. and then inscribe
among the dead or dying,
or those who died inscribing
or just die

poorly finished trees

already reduced from PAL thru .avi thru .mov to .mp4 do the best i can
world transformed through an exemplification of particle physics - within 
which things fly apart, always already have been apart - have nothing to 
sustain them, interiority neither present nor exploded, all manifolds 
opening through temporal dimensions - you can see the forest because of 
the trees - the trees aren't there - yes, local intensities, vectors - 
unfolding as well - the sheath three dimensions just there - volume 
everywhere and nowhere - open tetraheda - 

the map is the only territory
only territory is the map

implicit objecthood relying heavily on aristotelian laws of distribution - 
here gestures are already syzygy - configurating - 

hello a world in which machine-space is everything -
what is machine-space? only a self-referential raster - double 
articulations just like language - that of the pixel, that of the _span_ - 
then of course preceived span - that's something else again - 

hello i was a tree
hello i was never a tree

D:/ C:/ E:/:turned coats and trying to work out in other environments, 
who? w? netstat?:the miserable acquiescence of the hungered world:: the 
miserable acquiescence of the hungered world transforms Your D:/ C:/ E:/ 
on me... Ah, incandescent with Reds and Blues!



model model model

short video of stills from scanner to Geomagic to Blender and spherical 
mappings; last night the rationale behind these came clear in a dream; 
this morning disappeared; the tree maps onto the tree; within the real; 
the optical apparatus; the digital maps onto the digital; protocol between 
the two; but that the digital spews into the analogic; returns to the 
dream as dismembering, disassem- bling, dissembling; that the tree is a 
world; of numerical values; that these values are cauterized; extruded 
from irrationals; that they never return; that they themselves are taken 
apart; reconfigured; that the infinite journey of such mappings is 
inherently uncanny; that the real gnaws always already at the digital; the 
tree is the tree of the imagin- ary; as in Saussure; Wittgenstein's family 
of usages; what is a family?; what is familiality?; familiar?; that the 
totality of such mappings is the result of extrusions, collapses, 
creations, annihilations, duplications; that it is the result of totality, 
overall operations; that no bit or byte is singled out from any other; 
that these computations are plankton-maw; that nothing is distinguished 
precisely _in order to distinguish_; that what emerges is close to the 
perspective-sublime; black-hole vanishing- point; that there are trees of 
numbers and numbers of trees; that there digital hands and handsful of 
digits; model model model.




familiar wood

waves let your loves blossom, you fools, recording dictagraph sounds. (She 
runs to find a better vantage point.) (A man walks into ghost town with 
fungus.) 2 scatological terms reveal her bare thighs selfishness the magic 
of alarms sound in a workshop while a family watches her with long pointed 
claws. They're frightened by the sound, a girl's bare buttocks make water, 
she deserves to listen to a loud sound. A dog urinates on a young woman. 
Columbus: you'd hear the sound of chain-mail rustled against willows and 
poem into sound, for which it materializes, that is, fetishizes, placing 
nadir of bellowing sound, perversions of word and sentence and boys and 
men. The basement sound of dharmata, like a thousand thunderclaps 
simultaneously. This is the natural sound of your own dharmata, so do not 
be afraid or bewildered - you have no physical body of flesh and blood, so 
whatever sounds, colors; trusting in the sound of your words I reach out 
and touch the sound of your words - she has murdered the boys while they 
are asleep; she has murdered the family which makes sound; she makes 
sound; she kills a dog.
                   you must be sound asleep. A boy and his dog stood and 
we forget the sound of laughter and the pain of the legs' hinge, skin/nn 
half what might have seemed unsound; i wept - she got out with me. Grunts 
and moaning clatter to the floor of the bathroom; you might see her 
disappear for a moment, hear the sound of motion, the sound bytes - i 
generate nothing but sound, no appearance, no twists and turns, only 
tatters. When I speak, my voice sleeps. I churn out sounds. She exclaims, 
"Netsex sounds ....  aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh" He says "you sound 
unconvinced."





Interior and Absence (notes on recent work)


In an attempt to explain my recent work...
This is such an attempt, the attempt already referenced -

Every surrounding space is non-existent, that is, every embedding space 
should be construed as invisible, unless vectored outside of the frame - 
i.e. perspectival vanishing-points or obvious extensions of line segments.

The invisible space is less than a frame, paregon, peripheral, only a 
demarcation necessary for the transmission of the central object or 
figure, or syzygy of connected nodes or interconnected figures. One must 
strip away space in this regard.

Likewise one must strip away time, in order to reassemble temporality; 
what it takes to see or process is widely at variance, turned loose, from 
what is presented in the screen, this or that figure or figures.

Such figures descend from a series of asteroids I modeled, allowing one, 
that is myself, to fly across their surfaces, as if polygons were 
geological figures; it was the surround skeins, skins, that constituted 
the measure of the infinite in the small, a form of perspectival geometry.

The asteroids themselves have as antecedent certain works or preparations 
I constructed for scanning electron microscope imaging; these works were 
either prepared natural specimens or etched figurations, sculptures 
smaller than the wavelength of light, using a Cambridge Stereoscan which 
did exactly that.

The concern or cathecting, investment, I have in the current objects, and 
their potential or real transformations, to the extent they can be 
considered objects, is based on psychoanalytic and general vectoral flows 
across their surfaces - surfaces which may be penetrated or interpenetra- 
ted by vision, revealing the hollowed skein or scaffolding of model 
building.

The objects, whether closed manifolds or not, I consider closed manifolds 
of projections and introjections, manifolds whose surfaces are inscribed 
much like a cuneiform tablet, open to readings, not reading, and open to 
interpretation. The reading is visceral.

The objects are not, nor are intended to be, portraits, nor do they occupy 
a branch or sub-branch of portraiture; they are not singularities in 
space, but spaces themselves, whose anxieties triumph, whose psychoses 
play like storms across their surfaces.

I inject my concerns into safe, part-objects, transitional objects, half- 
formed, maternal, wary in the construction of language, of languages, wary 
in the construction of difference, differance. Such objects reference the 
analogic from the digital, a digital which is embedded in the analogic, in 
the hermeneutics of analogic reading and inscribing. What may for example 
begin as dream or hypnagogic imagery, transforms within the pressure of 
the machine, into those apparent fluidities which may be indefinitely 
shaped. To shape meaning without the ostensible pressuring of language, 
without the inscription of ostensible inscription - this is a goal, 
meaning which, submerged, emerges, from less organized perception, which 
may or may not be read as wonder in relation to the world or worlds. Every 
image a world, every world, an imaginary.

The _scan_ permits the uneasy rupture/rapture among code and uncoding, 
real and irreality, image and imaginary; the rupture/rapture of the scan 
itself construes the fluid or abject at the heart of culture, universe, 
world. Every reading is our reading; every writing is our writing; every 
scan is ours and ours alone.

The _motion capture_ permits the internal tearing, torsion, tension, 
tensor of the cohering body, always taken for granted, in order that 
death, violence, sexuality, language, and body re-emerge as dissipated 
punctum, within or without any circumscriptions.

The _access grid echo_ constructions create and reproduce the flattening 
of space and thereby time that constitutes defuge, that state always 
generative by deferral of other states. A face resembles, reassembles, 
itself, and such contiguities or echoes are embedded as well into 
generating configurations that might as well not be there.

In all of these instances, the embedding spaces are the symbolic; are the 
chora; are ourselves to the extent that our senses devolve first and 
primarily into the seepage of our own liquidities, bodies, sexes, deaths, 
ruptured and irreparable enunciations.

The symbolic surrounds the symbol, which is symbolic to the extent, or 
within, circumscription.

All inscription is circumscription.

Culture is the absence of embedding.




My Life at the Edge of the World


Who set me adrift but my fathers and mothers, releasing non-existent 
shackles, tightening the reins of no-horse. I meander among extractive 
industries, worlds the poorer for them. My share is meager; I scratch 
surfaces, dig into the abject muck of fires and desires. To date, I have 
had enough to eat, but this is temporary; from date, I shall be eaten. Of 
water, there is thirst, of food, there is hunger. This area has memories 
of roads. This area is like any other. My life, at the edge of the world, 
that's all.

What remains, what is not all, forms a culture, residue, forms a story, 
theory, forms something to be said. The edge thins to non-existence; in 
the absence of gravity, the worst that can be expected is cuts, fractures, 
divisions. At the edge the only economics is that of want, beings are in 
solitary, smeared, transformed; moving inwards, they're cauterized. Every 
acceptance is cauterization, every process of acceptance is cauterization- 
mechanics. At the edge hydraulic models no longer hold; what is sublimated 
may not appear anywhere at all, comes forward frothing. The liquidity of 
the edge is vascular, viscous, uncanny among collapsing divisions of 
states of matter. Economies flow into negative space, arbitrary quantific-
ations, decisions beyond the Pale where doormen wait. Holes are breaches 
are holes. 

Life at the edge is insipid, Dostoevsky had it right, illnesses, livers, 
spleens. Something's always wrong, something's gone amuck, that something 
sure is something, is already gone, broken, splattered, sputtered, splin- 
tered, spat. My life at the edge of the world garners the world, inscribes 
the world with its broken edges, decathects the world with its buckets of 
blood, disinvests the world with its poverties and suicides. At the edge 
of the world there are no events, no non-events, no states, no operators. 
At the edge of the world, no-name procedures of procedures, no-name 
protocols of protocols, no-name processes of processes; no name is not 
no-name, nor forgotten name, nor a-name, nor anomie, nor division and 
construction by negation. No-name is left at the edge of the world where 
my life is, where life is, skeins are skins, bones are borne. Only members 
are dismembered, clubs are clubbed, puns seep, split spilt pees. Tropes 
choke at the edge of the world where life is, life neither originated nor 
dissolved, life was earlier and later, life was middled, muddled, and life 
in the interior was harvesting, harvested, disenchanted. I'd write the 
story of my life as this life at the edge of the world, but it would be a 
story, and this is not a story but a claim, a claim from the edge - from 
an edge without gates, roads, byways, vectors, paths. Unclaimed this edge, 
unclaimed this life, unclaimed this world without edge.





Horizon and Phenomenology


From The Works of the People of Old, Na Hana a ka Po'e Kahiko, by Samuel 
Manaiakalani Kamakau, 1869-70, translated by Mary Kawena Pukui, edited by 
Dorothy B. Barrere, 1976

HORIZONS

There are two kinds of _kukulu_ which are horizons - the visible and the 
invisible. If a person stands on a height - a hill or a mountain - he sees 
the "wall" (_paia_) of the sky, the meeting place of the dome of the sky 
and the ocean and the puffy clouds at this meeting place. This is the 
horizon, _hekukulu_; it is the visible horizon. An invisible horizon 
"pushes out" (_pane'e_); its only boundary is where it adjoins the solid 
walls of the sky.

Here are some terms for the horizons of the earth, the _kukulu o ka 
hanua._ On the "sides" (_na 'ao'ao_) of the ocean, at the edge of the 
ocean next to the base of the sky that lies around the platform of the 
earth, the circle or band (_po'ai_) is called _kukulu o ka honua_ 
[variously translated as the borders, or the ends, or the pillars, of the 
earth]. At the lower edge of the firmament, above the encircling horizon 
of the earth (_ma ka huina aouli maluna a'e o ke kukulu po'ai honua_) the 
circle is called _kukulu o ka lani_ [the borders, or pillars, of the sky].

The circle seen as the eye traverses land and sea to the firmament where 
it meets the sea (_ka huina aouli_) is called Kahiki-moe, and all the 
lands "below" (_malalo_: within) this circle are called _'aina o 
Kahiki-moe,_ lands of Kahiki-moe.

The [first] band of the firmament where it ascends upward is called 
Kahiki-ku. Its "back" stretches to the base of the sky (_a moe aku ma kona 
kua a hiki i kumu lani_) and all the lands that might be found within this 
circle are _'aina o Kahiki-ku,_ lands of Kahiki-ku. Places where the land 
is large, or where there are many islands, are called _'apapanu'u_ (high 
strata) and since there are many lands to be found in Kahiki-ku, it is 
also called _'apapanu'u,_ or _'apapalani._

Heer are some terms for the _kukulu o ka lani,_ the "borders of the sky," 
or _kukulu o Kahiki,_ "borders of Kahiki." These are what _ka po'e kahiko_ 
called all the lands beyond the Hawaiian archipelago - the lands beyond 
the circles of Kahiki-moe and Kahiki-ku. These lands were called the lands 
of _kukulu o Kahiki_ or of _kukulu o ka lani,_ or of _na paia ku a lani,_ 
the standing walls of heaven or of _kumu lani._

The upper extremity of the _kujkulu o ka lani_ was called _lani,_ 
"heaven," and beyond (_ma ke kua aku_) this heaven was the _lani pa'a_ 
(fixed heaven) also called _lani kuaka'a_ (highest heaven), or _lani 
kuakolu_ (triple heaven) - all names for Kapa'ailuna (The "solid" above).

In these ways _ka po'e kahiko_ designated the _kukulu_ - the directions 
and horizons of the earth and of the skies. We of today can compare these 
terms with those used now and see how much alike they are.

SPACE

The highest stratum of space, _lewa,_ is the _lewa lani_; the place below 
the _lewa lani_ - equidistant from the sky downward and the earth upward - 
was called _ka ho'oku'i,_ the juncture, or _ka ho'ohalawai,_ the meeting; 
this was named Kamaku'ialewa (The joining place of space). Below 
Kamaku'ialewa, and close to the circle of air that surrounds the earth 
[the atmosphere] is Keapoalewa (The ring of space). Below (_malalo o_) 
Keapoalewa, in (_maloko o_) the atmosphere where birds fly, is the _lewa 
nu'u._ The space in which a man's legs dangle as he holds onto a brach of 
a tree is called the _haka-a-lewa_ (ladder to space). If a man stands 
on the ground and lifts up one foot, leaving the other on the ground, this 
is called _lewa ho'omakuo_ (a space established), because of the one foot 
remaining on the ground.

(1869)


...the absent body, air body, the virtual body, transparent body, body 
swallowed by space, inundated body...
...body of sides and pillars, body of the indefinite, indefinite body...
...looking where ones is looking and seeing, looking where one is looking 
and not seeing...
...one foot, no jump, one foot...


Never making it whole again.

Small image sequences taken from reprocessing of deconstructive
scans: Azure's head, a 'toy' gun, vacuum tube, and crystal glass.

The objects were reconstituted using volume wrap. 
But they could not be so.
They transformed, not otherwise, but other otherwise.
Therefore they continued transformation.

I have yet to understand the processing of time in these instances,
except for the obvious possibility of collapse somehow differentiated
from the time-exposures of photographic prints.
In the latter, the image is constituted as a simultaneity.
In the former, it is almost has if there remained a separation of parts,
based on digital access and manipulation of the three-dimensional
raster field.
Such a separation, and the setup of the hardware and software, and the
continuous tending, and the resonance of that tending, has all the
hallmarks of ritual.
So the digital collapse of time, the circumscription of inscription,
circumlocution of enunciation, this is a form, perhaps the form, of
ritual.
And each circum read into the matrix is abject, somewhat crawling and
crawled, for what is subject and what is object?
Each circum is partial, almost but not quite, in fact irrevocably
weakened, in such a manner that the fullness or fecundity of 
reconstitution is an impossibility.
The ritual of the head, the gun, the tube, the glass.
And presence and absence construed in the place of, vanishing in the
place of, the fetish.
Or the procurement of a dissipated fetish.
Dissipation in the sense of spew or emission, and dissipation in 
the sense of sexual exhaustion, defuge, but always gaping, more.

Making it whole again.


Finally

the entire history of digital transformation
compressed into simultaneous pages and differentiations
from and within the real

of course none of this is true
but I am closing in on the imaginary
Imaginary, you shall not escape me!

Hello, I am Imaginary and I have escaped!
nothing can hold nothing that is me, nothing!
of course truth has no place in my vagina!

caught on the tip of my penis, I say hello to Imaginary!
I have caught you again, and you're quite terrific there!
you've got outlines, no matter what you say!

Dear Alan, please leave my vagina!
Or rather, please just leave!
as you know, we have no outlines, no setting smooth

dearest imaginary, who is the we?
is the we you? because it makes absolutely no difference at all
are you we? because it makes all the difference in the world

you're right and you're wrong, Alana!
just try dreaming something else tonight
you'll see and you'll see!


I am fascinated by the real-virtual architecture of abstract thought.
I was very quiet during these particular sessions. 
Perhaps these are after the apocalypse. We are all on our way.
Don't use leather from China; animals are skinned alive.
Don't use leather from anywhere. Allow what's left a ghost
of a chance.

To work with sound through the grid is to bounce it around the world.
Or receive through filtering creating uncanny effects.

Shortly I will demonstrate sound and video. This is the setting 
of the final drama playing out, in the last years and days of our
familiar organisms. 

Are we the speaking to the already-dead? Are we the speaking dead?
Sure, speaking already, has never been enough. Nor has the stave
nor spear. Nor has any one thing, or that one thing invested, or
the pointing of the thing, pointing of the mortar of the thing.

The mortal thing on the access grid. Cloudy all day tomorrow.

Hodgepodge

You've heard the sound, seen incrementally both dancers independently in 
the self-same woods / dark thickets of the cultural enterprise, here now 
in combination according to the true nature of things, the ring-tone of 
interplanetary phones, memories recorded long before I was around to 
record them cape-clause or "curlicue." cape-clause or "curlicue."

death of the reader is announced as a _curlicue_ or diacritical sign, and 
there is almost always the curlicue of the _missing-person_ - the person 
hides behind and portends the rest; the hunter is the curlicue, the 
forgotten, like this post, not even a curlicue, but a _nuance_ to be re- 
produced within the very machination; it's the curlicue of representation 
and lime, dark curlicues of blood, of texts simultaneously presenced, the 
curlicue on the margins, almost excesses such as might be found in 
ordinary letters. theyn evinces themselves precisely in these moments of 
curlicue, returning back material fortifications if it were not true.
 
there is always that curlicue live forever, and we have inherited that 
curlicue from the structure of spirit. butt there is a sign which is part 
of the curlicue. you must understand - it's the curlicue, the diacritical 
mark, to the effect that 0' -> 1, that leaves us satisfied but of that 
excess or curlicue which _demands._ what won't come off becomes excessive, 
prosthetic, a curlicue. as a warning, what u have termed the _curlicue,_ 
the index of representation in which the two is already three: it is the 
curlicue of quine that extends by the emission related to excess, to 
surplus, to the curlicue or diacritique; in the latter, excess is a 
production of the CONTRARY an irrevocable form of decay or shuddering 
episteme: the curlicue of which subjectivity is marginal. symmetrical 
results within itself, the *curlicue* or excess of this interpenetration, 
curlicue, hermeneutic circling, lacanian language-skidding) remains ANGRY 
AT SIG.: (signature): depression, collapse, and the curlicue SCREEN 
PHENOMENA. the curlicue, symbolic, delays, continues, is sutured; 
nonetheless, there is always a murmuring or curlicue.

IT murmurs it is not an aura nor is it an excess or a curlicue; it is not 
petit-a or curlicue, something explained over and over again in INTERNET 
TEXT. if the curlicue is the surplus of the signifier, it is also where 
which subjectivity is marginalized or curlicue. symmetry results thus. 
this and every emission is related to excess, to surplus, to the curlicue 
itself.


at the end of the day curled
where the eye is curlicue of the dusk
where the lid is curlicue of the night
where one goes gloaming
wings! wings! 
murmuring under the sign of erasure
erasuring murmur, "sign, sign"
walking and always here and there
and at the end of the day curled
where furrows are and gloaming
where wings are furled, and, murmuring
speak dusk, and dusk, and dusk


Origin of Measurement


There's a hill over there (gestures) 
No there's a couple of hills
Wait I'll be right back

It's like skin
I'm uncomfortable skinning around here
I skinned that hill

"Btw I'm still working with the .obj files as you can see from the scanner 
- one of the things I'm interested in is the phenomenology of measurement 
- how the digital is extracted, along with attendant institutionalization, 
from the analog - and the images, with their 'peelings' and ruptures 
(Blender can deconstruct the Geomagic assemblages) are guides in this of 
course. The particular series I'm working with is based on the ruler - 
which is only an object with repetition - in any environment.

"Btw again - the rotation of the turntable incrementally connects with the
perceptual stitching of motion in film - which connects again with the
phenomenology of interpenetrating image stage, etc. etc."

What constitutes a mark or token? When does a surface anomaly become 
demarcation or inscription? What constitutes discrimination?

The images constitute the skin of the ruler in the real, a ruler whose 
surface plays tumor, eruption, swelling. This is difficult theoretically - 
the trialectic among the physico-inert of the world; measure; and body / 
symbolic - the playing of the surface is, after all, inscription. I hunt; 
I return; I'm scratched. Therefore I was hunting. I walk; I return; I'm 
stung. Therefore there were bees. The simplest model - that of the gesture 
(Tran duc Thao) - in combination with the reading of the world. Already; 
bees read. But our reading is plastic, deductive, transformative, morph- 
ing.

This is what the body brings to the ruler; this is what the ruler brings 
to the body.

Measure is tally is measure; what is brought to writing, accountancy, 
tokens in Sumer, elsewhere. Fingers always already are enumerations, 
mnemonics; pigeons recognize specific quantities. 

Perhaps a false derivation, _etymology_: our very nakedness, the 'naked 
ape,' creates an inscribable surface, Peirce's sheet of assertion. Already 
there; without fur or scale, nothing is obliterated, forgotten; what is 
traumatic, scars. Fur covers, re/covers; continuous growth is continuous 
erasure. Ruptures of the skin already are rulers, Rulers by detour of 
writing, skin carried into the social, inhabitation - skin as construct of 
inhabitation. Our nakedness sexualizes, effaces, inscribes.

The digital inscribes the ruler into the analog/abject _or so it appears._
This is what is presented here, accompanying this text, which is no doubt 
more accurate than one might be led to believe (by the voice, all but 
obscuring the skin).*

*(Therefore the skinwork in my world/work in relation.)


Disordered thinking through the origin of language (I'm in quotation) -

... "I know this sounds ridiculous - but I'm on to something. If the body
is hairless, then for example mud or blood will 'stick' to it - be
obvious. Of course this is the beginning of symbolization - it would
appear comical, or different, one person to another - it's a miniscule
step - not even a step - to drawing something on the face, body, etc. So
in this case, I'd bet that writing predates language, or at least the two
were contingent / contiguous in origin. From writing on the body - it's
not difficult to see how signs of that sort would be connected to sounds
by mimesis - even if the original sounds were nothing more than laughing
or crying.

"One possible 'gesture' in this direction - the markings on Acheulian
pebbles... Even if spoken language didn't arise in this fashion, certainly
writing did. (Think of proto-language).

... "For me it's an originary story much like Freud's of the sons killing
the father - but that remains a fornm of colonialism, assumption that it
is somehow a-cultural, that it is abstracted from an event in a particular
direction. I think of it as nothing more than perhaps mud or paste acci-
dently in the form of a third eye or smile, something to be imitated;
primates imitate, as do mocking-birds. From this would come the coagulat-
ion of signs, repetitions; laughter would be the first word. With Tran duc
Thao, gesture is out, away from the body, pointing towards the hills -
_this_ is where you hunt, for example, _behind_ the hill, something more
than pointing. But it's the other way around I think - pointing, gestur-
ing, sounding, would be from one to the other. It's only natural that this
would occur, and occur, often, and tend towards culture. Culture is
dependent on memory, on transmission of memory; bird-songs are cultural in
this sense. But in the case of the body, the skin of the body, it becomes
a _sign,_ something which may be written on the body, off the body, in the
sand, on a rock - those pebbles again - etc. What occurs at Lascaux etc.
is peeled _off_ the body.

"I don't think anything 'more' than this is necessary to explain writing
or language per se; spoken language would be a descendent of associated
sounds, I assume beginning with laughter. Empathetic behaviour comes into
play here as well; a wound and its figuration may be imitated as a form of
healing - this relates to shamanism, etc.

"In other words, there is a constellation of behaviours, repetitions,
intensifications, here - not only in the present (as in Lingis for
example) but in the past as originary. And this plays into the writing,
for that matter, that I did in Textbook of Thinking, etc., in which the
obscene is analyzed, plays a role (it plays a role in the obscene itself)
- the obscene and its obscene relation to the skin - think of the obscene
as a form of _pun_ in terms of physiognomy - it has a relationship to
linguistic puns, undermining transmissions through arousals, and so forth.
I think all of this 'fits.'

"As a friend pointed out, human infants have a propensity for babble that
becomes organized (one might say within a linguistic regime and commun-
ality) into languaging; the infant grows 'into' language. I think this
babbling - as well as the plasticity of our vocal cords - developed after
writing, or subsequent but close to, writing - that hairlessness, with
whatever survival value this might have given us - was prior, or that
reading the body as written increased, became culturally instutionalized,
with increasing hairlessness.

"It is not that 'the body is a text'; it is that 'a text is a body.'

"Re: Below - certainly dogs have faces, facial expressions (which may play
into what you say; we should go back and look at Darwin's book on this."

=======================

On Mon, 4 Sep 2006, Charles Baldwin wrote in response:

It's not certain to me that animals have faces or they do only because
we have faces. So the human hairless face is the first appearance - both
face as features and other, and also as receptive surface (perhaps then
becoming sand or bark). Comical: because it moves, because it expresses,
because of its familiarity. Then, from this, writing other parts of the
body too - so incisions, tatoos, etc.

A face gets expression and to produce the sound, so there's a kind of
mini-signifying machine there. All other body surfaces are in relation
to it. So, a particular relation between inscription, surface, and
depth.

Laughing, crying, moaning, sighing at the origin: these are relations
between very specific and irreducible bodily states and very specific
expressions. They express but they are deep as well.

=======================

And later:

Just back from hiking in the Otter Creek Wilderness. It occurs to me
that the written face does not signify but expresses just as rock on
dirt / or a river through a woods / express. I would be as comfortable
saying the rock on the streamside writes face as I would the other way
round.

=======================

"As a footnote - this ties directly into the abject - in the sense that
it's dirt, scars, wounds, smears, smudges, scratches, abrasions, feces,
etc. that find their way onto the body - coding - incipient symbolization
- not only tends towards memory and repetition/transmission, but also
towards therapeutic - not that the body is cleansed by language, but that
it's circumscribed (i.e. no longer fissured)."

_________________________________________
_arc.hive_ mailing list
arc.hive@anart.no
http://sympa.anart.no/sympa/info/arc.hive


branch and ruler

when the branch and the ruler meet and demarcate each other, it is the 
branch which has created the ruler, and the ruler which has measured the 
branch; every tool has ancestry; we are near the beginning, near the clout 
on the head, the massacre, the cannibalism, the torture by fire, the death 
by drowning, the skinning-alive, the gouging of the eyes, twisting the 
testicles, desecrating the womb; we are in the primordial when the sign is 
read wrong, when the sign is a sign, when a branch is after all just a 
branch, when a ruler is a shadow of the future anterior, when nothing is 
read but as-if everything is read, as if everything were readable, as if 
gods created things, readings, writings, bodies, slaves, corpses, the 
raped, the robbed, the wounded, the slaughtered, the megafaunal extinc- 
tions, our pride and our joy, our little baby girl or little baby boy, one 
flesh is tasted, there's no stopping




Dissemination of analogic array, 


To Muse, To ponder, to think close, to study in silence, on reading Samuel 
Johnson's Dictionary 1785-1799 edition

Thing: 1. Whatever is; not a person. A general word. 2. It is used in 
contempt. 3. It is used of persons in contempt, or sometimes with pity. 
4. It is used by Shakespeare one in a sense of honour. 

First, that words are pulled into existence by their extensions, as if 
these are chreodic formations (see Waddington).

Surface, Superficies; outside; superfice. It is accented by Milton on the 
last syllable.

My mastery is masterdom; I'm a master-hand who pulls a master-jest; I have 
the master-key to the curing of sprains and injuries to the master-sinew;
I play on the master-string with a master-stroke; I am masterless but have 
masterliness; I am most masterly, a true masterpiece of mastership; my 
master-teeth do not touch masterwort; ah for good kind master! Mordacious, 
mordacity, mordicant, mordication. Nonjuring, belonging to those who will 
not swear. 

Or bodiless:

  They bodiless and immaterial are,
 and can be only lodg'd within our minds
-Davies

Virtual, Having the efficacy without the sensible or material part.

Cachectical, cachectice, cachexy, cachinnation, neither a cackle nor a 
cackler.

Pulled into existence, surrounded, modified: one might apply Kant's cate- 
gories here, spatial and temporal extensions, actions and reactions, away-
from and towards. In Kant's Thoughts on the True Estimation of Living 
Forces, there are bodies which need not be contiguous with any other; 
these are split, signifiers of other worlds, unsensed and senseless here. 
This is the opposite of these additional modifications that extend words, 
one into another; it is language and its interconnectedness that allows me 
to live, saves me from suicidal depression and insanity. All words lead to 
world.

You see, Kant says "...it is quite possible that a thing actually exists 
and yet is nowhere present in the world." But it is I, myself, which is 
absent, absenting; and as such, I tend towards chaos, opening every 
unrelated space or avatar.

Second, the feel and weight of the paper; every page carries a visible 
history which has no origin but an emission in reverse.

Emission in reverse: the scar of the page or face or body tends towards 
unknown events, sets of them; surely a scissors leaves no stain and ink 
does not cut. There are clues, but even in enlightenment, everything is 
lost; Volney's Ruins stay that way.

Third, the lack of page numbers; one is guided solely by word order (and 
as if the volumes have an indefinite number of pages).

Page markings at random:

MAG MAG MAG
1

MER MER MER
        Q2

MUC MUC MUC
    4*

MUC MUD MUD
Vol. II.  Y

PEC PED PED
        P
         P

Demarcations for binding and signatures, perhaps, these appear as those 
Talmudic letters and signs which are extra-linguistic, which draw 
attention outside the book, elsewhere.

Fourth, the three columns with three letter page headings as in MIM MIN 
MIN or ORD ORD ORD; these are loosely tethered to their word-lists.

The totality of columns headed by PLA:

PIT PIV
PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA PLA 
PLA PLA PLA
PLE

In the midst of PLA, language shuttles horizontally across the tops of 
pages; these notations are redundant, call for perusing. In terms of 
paging, one never knows where one is; like the Japanese system of street 
addressing, one proceeds by landmarks. It's top-down; PLA could be 
anything, and the shuffling necessary to find a word occurs on a different 
level.

Fifth, the latinate quality of the whole, romance languages in particular, 
lending themselves to fields of words and worlds creation.

See First above. These worlds are interlocked, matriculated, matrixed, 
maternal; see Eighth below. The soft sounds of Latin map words through the 
skeins of prefixes, suffixes, roots (such as they are). Think of languag- 
ing in relation to the Appian Way, trade-routes in general. 

When roots = routes, the nomadic portends the emission of the primordial. 
Nothing is settled except for the cupped land, rumors of strangers, wars, 
pestilence, riches, elsewhere. King or queen-dom = king or queen-dome; the 
horizon rises, what is one, is one.

Zootomy, Dissection of the bodies of beasts.

Sixth, the pleasure of the text and worlds; Johnson is famously partial - 
see definitions of "oats" or "puritan."

Johnson's I appears; Johnson's eye regards. The corpus is the measure of 
the man; in this sense the dictionary is parole, not langue. Thus and 
against enlightenment, no absolutes, no absolute positions; the apparent 
exactitude of the Britannica on one hand, and Euclid's axiomatization on 
the other, seem not only far off, but foreign.

Axiom - 1. A proposition evident at first sight, that cannot be made 
plainer by demonstration. 2. An established principle to be granted 
without new proof.

One sees the "axiomizer" at work here - sight in the first part, and 
granting in the second. Axioms are contracted, tethered, but barely. And 
Johnson's work is far cry from this.

Seventh, the careful rationalism of the text, accompanied by a relative 
elimination of the abject; "shit" is not present, but "urine" is, and 
"whore" and "pimp" are present but "fuck" isn't. 

Now I would not say "rationalism" but "embodiment," a word not found in 
Johnson. The text is civil, civilization. 

Colony: 1. A body of people drawn from the mother country to inhabit some 
distant place. 2. The country planted; a plantation.

To Colonize: To plant with inhabitants; to settle with new planters; to 
plant with colonies.

And as with civility, colonies are associated with planting, agriculture, 
not supplanting or replacing; colonies are exploration's seed and the seed 
for further exploration. Perhaps violence is muted in these definitions; 
perhaps it was considered peripheral.

Eighth, the maternality of the volumes, occupying a relatively wide field 
of vision, the world safely inscribed, references to Pope, Donne, Swift, 
Shakespeare and company.

Lancination, Tearing, laceration. Lampron, A kind of sea fish. Zarnich, 
Zarnich is a substance in which opriment is found; it approaches to the 
nature of opriment, but without its lustre and foliated texture. The 
common kinds of zarnich are green and yellow.

Yes, the maternality, seeding, blossoming, diffusion, fluid mechanics, 
seeding, bringing-forth, melding (the letters "I" and "J" are combined 
under "I"; "U" and "V" are combined under "V").

I is in English considered both as a vowel and a consonant.

Ninth, the labor of writing, delineating, almost single-handedly, word 
after word; one searches for development, for the indexing methodology 
used for some forty-thousand words.

Every dictionary is based to some extent on earlier ones (and earlier 
editions); the matrix is already present. I can't see how the material was 
organized for the printer - i.e. who did the organizing? Did Johnson 
himself index everything? How were slots left for emendations? Even with 
the printed editions - if a new word with a long definition is entered, do 
all the subsequent words "move down"? If a word is take out, as being too 
obsolete even to be listed as obsolete, do subsequent words "move up"?

When I took the first survey of my undertaking, I found our speech copious 
without order, and energetick without rules: wherever I turned my view, 
there was perplexity to be disentangled, and confusion to be regulated; 
choice was to be made out of boundless variety, without any established 
principle of selections; adulterations were bound to be detected, without 
a settled test of purity, and modes of expression to be rejected or 
received, without the suffrages of any writers of classical reputation or 
acknowledged authority. (Johnson, from the Preface.)

Tenth, there are words almost certainly invented by Johnson, which then, 
perhaps, continued through other dictionaries, such as the Nouveau 
Dictionnaire de Poche by Th. Nugent, already the 38th edition by 1848. 
This work is a gold-mine of the unusual, much of it from Johnson's work. 
Think of this as word-play, as in, for example, the ripples of style and 
measure in the above quotation.

Meynt, Mingled. Obsolete. Titubation, The act of stumbling. Squib: 1. A 
small pipe of paper filled with wildfire. Used in sport. 2. Any petty 
fellow. Not in use. 

Stadle: Any thing which serves for support to another. 2. A staff; a 
crutch. Obsolete. 3. A tree suffered to grow for coarse and common uses, 
as posts or rails. Of this meaning I am doubtful.

Eleventh, the analogic weight of the enterprise, in spite of apparent 
precision in definition; thus the weight, touch, rustle, scent, of the 
book is foregrounded, along with the wear-and-tear of type, and the 
definitions themselves which often emphasize emphasize poetry and poetics 
for examples.

Sprunt, Anything that is short, and will not easily bend.

As with any other dictionary, one finds paths through the sememe, each 
word leading somewhere else, much as web-browsing (does anyone do that 
anymore?). The marvelous appears in the processes of defining; one senses 
a kind of devolution at work.

And yes, the weight, the cradling of the book (there are two volumes) in 
my lap, propping up the antique covers; the book breathes like any other 
cultural organism...

Puttock, A buzzard. Pointel, Anything on a point. Paralogy, False 
reasoning. Malkin, A kind of mop made of clouts for sweeping ovens; thence 
a frightful figure of clouts dressed up; thence a dirty wench. 

Twelfth, differentiation as problematic; at times, a word will be 
identified as a "plant" or a "serpent" without further description; such 
description, scientific or othersie, might be elsewhere; but see his entry 
for "opium."

Ratio, ratiocinate, ratiocinative, rational, rationale, rationalist, 
rationality, rationalness. Porpoise, the sea-hog. Popgun, A gun with which 
children play, that only makes a noise. Popinjay: 1. A parrot; 2. A 
woodpecker. So it seems to be used here. 3. A trifling fop.

Porrection, the act of reaching forth.

Unheart.

In summary, a matrix not positing, but _enveloping_ knowledge; such 
knowledge is lived, biographed; such knowledge effloresces; and ratio is 
assumed; the page is a field, not enumerated container; word roots 
likewise are fields; idioms break the code (there are over one hundred of 
them for "take"; words are words and things are things; language by the 
grace of God and man.

X.

X Is a letter, which, though found in Saxon words, begins no word in the 
English language.




The body/works

These works characterize anomalous space whose worlding is internal, by 
which I mean there are no external relations, only the body generating its 
own skein, represented by markers situated at the nodes of motion capture 
technology. The shuddering of the space is the shuddering of the body; the 
emblems of the space constitute the space in its entirety - there is 
nothing else; what you see as background is designed for visual pleasure 
alone. Now you will notice that bodysphere is ragged; this is the result 
of considerable compression, bodysphere being a production of quaggy, that 
is, quaggy mapped onto a sphere which then moves/motivates as nodes are 
distended, memories of a totality, 3-dimensional Jordan surface, or 
perhaps given the break=throughs, multiply-connected toroi of which the 
sphere is only the visual external remnant, already penetrated. Penetrated 
by what? By the very nature of digital motion capture, which as in all 
things digital, requires both raster and bandwidth, as well as tolerance - 
here what are absent are the entrances and exits of body tubes, holes in 
other words, as well as those details which, for us, create the semblance 
of both sentience and physique. In these spaces, only crudely represented 
in a 3-space mapping into 2-space, something new is being born: the world 
as representation, not will, the hollowed world of virtual skeins which is 
already our future anterior; we are what we will become; these are blown 
images, imaginaries, as flat as the bytes from which they are visually 
constituted; these are, literally, all that there is, eyes and ears, touch 
and taste, scent and smell, within. Within, without, there is no symbolic, 
no difference, no differance. The future is here, one's memory.



Title - Phenomenology of the Real (upcoming talk at WVU BIOS conference)

The eye isn't like a camera. It scans, simultaneously receives and 
constructs. 

The eye tends towards interesting things, movement or anomaly.

Scanning creates the choices and the Pale.

Scanning creates the authentic and problematic.

Scanning is an active process in the world, constructing worlds.

Scanning implies bandwidth, implies negation: scan(x) and (x)(-x).

Let us think for a moment about the edge of scan, about the infinite real 
or analog, about for example a theoretical motion capture device with a 
complete description of forearm skin during the average step of the 
average walk.

Clearly one needs an infinite number of sensors; clearly the data becomes 
equivalent to the real with an ontological shift; clearly an infinite 
amount of energy is necessary; clearly this is impossible.

Scan implies choice; I say, my raster is sufficient in this instance - 
meaning, I can divide this object or even clearly and cleanly in such a 
manner that nothing of importance is left out.

Now I, perturbed, scan the perturbed body, perturb software; what may be 
for example flesh becomes file becomes image, and such an image that it is 
suitable for your eyes only, for this species within the sign of eternity.

And I inject these images into the imaginary of both body and perception - 
that is, within the perceiving and receptive body - a body internally 
folded in a manner recalling Riemannian geometry - a body conceived as a 
multiply-connected manifold of tensions and distortions.

This is the multiply-vibrating body, the body internally connected in such 
a manner as can only be the result of external connectivity; otherwise, as 
Kant might have it, the world may split apart.

Such a body ingests time.

It takes no time to ingest time; time disposes, indisposes.

Every line is after every other. 

Imagine: An Access Grid moment: I send my body-image across the earth.
A shot is fired.
I am dead but read you reading me alive. 
I will not die on the Access Grid.

A multiple-exposure photograph becomes a totalization, indecipherable; a 
multiple-exposure scan becomes stitched, recuperable, archaeological. 

I assert it is the body that is traveling on the Access Grid, it is the 
body that speaks to another body in online gaming or MOOs, it is the body 
that participates in a true, real economy, online and off, it is the sexed 
body that is scented online and off: For one, therefore the other; for the 
other, therefore the one.

Let us never forget that other economics of the feasible, of starvation- 
extinction; there is there there. There are no scans there. There is 
there.

There, is not present here. To understand its absence, one must understand 
the absence of digital, absence of analog, absence of the figure-in-the- 
landscape: perspective. There, is not even another question. There, is 
future. the future of impresent. This does not travel the Access Grid; 
this does not travel at all; in the future, we will not travel; in the 
future, we will not learn.


Performance text, 123 Pleasant Street, BIOS conference, after equipment
hassles

Dance is Dead. Dead Men Can't Dance. Dance is Sex. Scan-Dance. Un-Dance. 
Dance is an Asylum. I want to thank everyone with two feet who has 
contributed to this. I'm not sure exactly what I should be showing here. 
There are too many files... I'm sorry... maybe I should go home

hello hello - I had other plans for this - using the mic here but it's too 
loud - so bear with me - At the moment this isn't going anywhere - these 
are hmmm... mappings of a dancer's body - in this space - this is going 
nowhere - hold on can someone get me a drink!? this was to be a 
performance falling apart now it seems more like falling apart as a 
performance hello hello no mic here - weird somewhere I hear speaking thru 
here - well on the right is Maud dancing and on the left is a mapping of a 
dancer following Maud in a manner similar to the avatar but the dancer is 
live but the fuck I forget wait a moment the dancer is hmmm...

well the dancer was using motion capture equipment and was therefore fed 
into hmmm... fuck it I forget the dancer was fed into mocap and thru that 
into bvh and that was imported into blender and then hmmm then the nodes 
of the body of the real dancer were mapped into 4-space and so what you 
see here are objects indicating the movements of a dancer imitating a 
dancer imitated by an avatar but a mapping which in fact indicates the 
tension of the originary body here you have what time is it wait I need 
some whisky (case you don't know it I don't drink) well Foofwa did a 
number I think he was smashed that's an Alpine zither that's a performer 
in a movie I made using the Access Grid who doesn't not the access grd but 
the performer know she's in a movie yes indeedie that's harmonica fuck was 
going to play that live for you too but needed the mic which is now 
unplugged and lying around somewhere ????  I actually had a lot to say 
about this stuff related to E-poetry so what I can say now is fuck 
e-poetry the only thing that should be around is fuck-poetry f-poetry why 
this is entirely new and already a fucking canon is forming people are 
included people are excluded were all fucking Jews here beyond the Pale hi 
Maria.

this is really really going nowhere by the way Maud was choreographed by 
Foofwa more later at the talk tomorrow too long to explain here - that's F 
dancing on what looks like a roof but isn't well it's Geneva that's whats' 
important we work together wait there should be a text somewhere around 
here, probably lost in the melee - in that battle someone got hurt I think 
all those fucking ninja

now something nice 
see i can be so gentle you wouldn't believe it
now some lightning hold on
fireworlsc

fireworks coming up you can't get enough of a good thing when you don't 
know what you're doing blow something up - Moty Python
or Moby Grape
or just fucking Moby - can yoou believe that ugy?

ok ths is the deconstruction of a glass or a cup or something that held 
sugar I don't know anyway it's not really blown up just made to look that 
way
blah blah blah blah deconstruction of a face
deconstruction of a tree 

I want to thank the virtual environmnets lab at WVU who - I mean - they - 
are not respnsible for any of this
wanna see two guys? sure you do!
those guys they do dance the dance anywya this is also from motion capture 
stuff - I have no idea who the hell thse people are? wanna see a 
threesome? sure you do!

heh you probably thought they'd have clothes on!

epoets can't stand sex;f-poets can't stand e-poets
come to the f-poetry conference! ACAPULCO!

ok this is looking at some tents from a ehight
and this is getting the hell out of the way of motion capture mapping 
thank you for the MOCAP software combined with Poser I think there was 
some other stuff - anyway it's all body body body
ok this is using Interent Two hot INTERNET before INTERNET tTHREE to send 
my partner's picture - Azure's - around the world or some such godforsaken 
place and back again - everything's out of sync of course - so much for 
the Net. Fuc the net.

I can't even tell you where the sound's coming from that's the new sound 
let's just say it involves people and bodies and very low frequency radio 
and let it go at that.

above, that's Azure deconstructed by one of the scanners - this one cost 
185k and we managed to defeat the software

HAPPY FUN!
HAPPY HAPPY FUN!

me on autoharp (remember those?_) and Alpine zither - I'm the only fucking 
avant-garde alpine zither player in the world - for real - cuase most 
people don't even know what they are
my partner as a blue-green madonne stitched together from inompatible 
pieces -

oh wait really I have something good!
heh heh heh! really good!
oh if you don't know it THAT"S NOT REAL!!
heh heh heh!
FUCK GOD. IF GOD EXISTS MAY I DIE NOW!
,,,,,OPOOOFFF!
See god was right!
Goddamnit!
stupid goddamn puppet!
(it's not true )!
This is for Funkhauser this is from Thailand
And I haven't ever been to Thailand!
But I know Tyedie!
oh I gotta wrap it up
Anyway it's been nice serving you and thank you for the whisky!
Thank you and good bye!
(God what the fuck have I done!)


Some notes on sexuality in performance, video, etc. (This is in part a 
follow-up to a recent discussion elsewhere.)

First, it seems that sexual representation is overdetermined; the result 
is it tends to dominate everything else. If I have a sexual work in among 
a number of non-sexual ones, it's the sexual work that's remembered and 
that actually forms the tenor of subsequent discussion. Our culture is too 
confused and contradictory in relation to sexuality - it never resolves - 
and sexual work can open a can of worms.

Second, there's a huge responsibility involved, ethically and psychologi- 
ically, in terms of sexual or even nude representation; if I'm using my 
own body, I can take that, but if I work with someone else, he or she 
might not realize the implications. So one has to be careful.

Third, using one's own body creates an intense and unresolved disturbance 
for an audience, when confronted, not only with nudity, but possibly with 
the nudity of someone present (dressed) in the room - I'm talking about 
video and reality co-mingling. And this may be difficult to take. All of 
these situations result in an unresolvable problematic, usually produc- 
tive of intense and on occasion negative emotions. After all, it's the 
audience member's own body, own responses (sexual and psychological) that 
is at stake.

Fourth, most members of an audience will resist arousal - and while one 
can generate any kind of powerful emotions in an audience (and that's 
generally a good thing), arousal is taboo. Anger can be one result - just 
like anger against gays often has to do with one's own impulses in that 
direction.

Fifth, we're living in a culture which hinges and intensifies explicit 
sexual presentation and censoring; nudity is never complete, is always 
dirty, and always desirable as a result. Television is full of this - 
which then has to be situated elsewhere and elsewise in a performance.
I tend to favor pornography over eroticism (although I don't own any 
pornography and/or practice it) on the basis of honesty; one is confronted 
with a kind of truth that eroticism hides. And I think that eroticism 
spills out into and around capital - it's the 'way' the culture works, 
even though pornography probably generates more money. To some extent 
pornography is pornography because it is taboo - a kind of circular 
reasoning - after all what's being presented is usually fucking of one 
sort or another, an everyday act.

Sixth, pornography is mixed with violence in an equation that I associate 
with Iraq mixed with Al Qaeda; there's no necessary relation. Television 
is far more disturbing in terms of the latter than the former, and while 
some pornography has very uncomfortable power relations embedded in it 
(for example the 'money shot' of coming on the face of someone, usually a 
woman), this isn't necessary to it. What does seem necessary is a sense of 
danger (there's also physiological and psychological evidence for this) or 
transgression - in this sense, in spite of its codifications, pornography 
is somewhat revolutionary. (Of course this is also taking the position 
that pornography may be ultimately liberating, which may well be both 
naive and retrograde.)

Seventh, pornography and eroticism both touch on prostitution, etc.; the 
very illegality of these forms tends towards a kind of (what is perceived 
as) low-key criminality. And along with this, pornography now - at this 
point in time - tends to slide into child pornography - into child abuse - 
into a general category of 'pervert' - into the idea of sexual danger 
lurking everywhere for everyone - into increased repression - including 
things like Megan's law (which seems, to me, fundamentally wrong, a 
continuous life-long punishment after someone has served time) - I could 
go on and on about this, but in any case, this discourse of children tends 
to frame or contaminate or penetrate the discourse of pornography, and 
sexuality itself. One has to be more careful than ever - that what is 
adult stays adult for example (however 'adult' or 'mature' for that matter 
maybe defined).

And eighth and final, even now there still seems to be a kind of libera- 
tion in arousal, sexual display, etc. Dance comes more out of the 
Dionysian than the Apollonian; it's connected with courtship, with inter- 
course, mating rituals, Bacchanalias, etc. And yet dance is now largely 
repressed - it's formalized (the cultivation of protocols, barriers, 
institutions, companies, etc.) and even though, for example ballet, has 
heavy sexual elements (supporting someone by the crotch etc.), these are 
pretty much ignored or bypassed (all the more reason because they domin- 
ate, are present) in discussion. It's this lack of discussion, lack of 
sexual discoruse vis-a-vis dance, that, in fact, propels dance, in 
particular ballet and so-called modern dance. Dancers themselves may be 
poorly prepared for thinking through these things. (I'm not saying that 
dancers should dance sexually here - only that this is an option which is 
generally taboo.) (Of course there are exceptions to everything.)

This is somewhat off the top of my head, but it's an area I've had to 
consider far more than I've wanted to, given the nature of some of my 
work. From my own viewpoint, my pieces cover a wide field of content and 
interests, but sexual overdermination creates what might be thought of as 
a black hole of discourse, everything far too often falling into that 
particular direction.



Catastrophe.My Masterpiece


Which took a lifetime to build and a lifetime to deconstruct. And within
the platelets, about two-fifths of the way through the time-line, a clear
sign of catastrophe, something unexpected, something momentarily out of 
order. 

This summarizes my visual work on measurement, on structure, on temporal 
exfoliation, on collapse. For here the organism, platelets and joints, 
falls apart, and in that instant culture is born, inscription... symbol- 
ization, which can be read only in the scar of movement.

The catastrophe is that the catastrophe leaves no scar; so many have 
disappeared, stitched and sutured over in the digital domain. What happens 
in Vegas stays in Vegas; what happens in history is traceless: all that 
exists is a mute real, out of which we pick through the debris.

The debris, remnants, back and forth through the digital, which is already
split, sheared. No digital object holds together; it's contingent out 
there. 



Studies in the catastrophic



Negative echo which reveals the core/confinement aspect of movement; 
everything else is cauterized; there is considerable movement in the 
upper left quadrant, the mitigation of the body.

2. 

And of course the body with identical armature placed among the wings.

There are different archaeological modalities at stake: identity and 
equivalence/comparison - the latter applicable with intersection, and
the former with the indexical-ikonic human figure.

Everything is within the register of the digital. The figures shudder.



Nikuko

Alan always misread me, I scratched my skin, burned myself with flares, 
with torch, with bamboo stem cut deep, with ink of squid, with hammered
gold, with the poison of lead and mercury - radiation flared my skin, 
torched me, cut deep into me, marked me with black metal - he'd read 
anything but pain, anything but death, but wound - he wanted me to fuck 
everyone because he wanted to fuck me, I didn't want him to, I wanted him 
to read death, he wouldn't read death - I'd show him victims with the skin 
burned off, impaled victims, blind and poisoned victims - I'd show him 
animals crawling with their heads half severed - he didn't want any of it 
- he wanted to write - he wanted to read what he wanted to read - just 
that - he'd write it down - take it down - take it in - how could I fuck 
someone who couldn't speak - who couldn't listen - I posed naked for him, 
I spread my legs, I opened my arms to him, he read my breasts, my arms - 
he read my back, slowly, the message of off-kilter, skewed message - some 
of the scars were old, the characters obliterated by war and history - 
everywhere he went he saw language, he gnawed language, swallowed it whole 
-  inside he was festering, it was worse there, not as bad as black 
shadows on the bridge or slumped against a wall - One night I saw him up 
against the cathedral, trying to match the shadow-outline with his own - 
fucking the shadow of a dead girl - One night I knew it wasn't him - it 
was the words and their nearness - it was the words and their expectancy - 
words everywhere - choked and strangled language - that's what he was 
doing - killing whatever sounds were left - the world murmured and moaned 
- Honey, it was my mistake - my eyelids were cut off - did I tell you - I 
could only see - that's all I could do - my lips cut off as well - tongue 
torn out - I babbled blood - he mistook participles - I screamed - he 
heard infinitive - I fell unconscious - half-dead - against the wall - I 
was charred - hardly alive - he read the signs - he thought they were 
signs - Honey,  I'd have said - signs of what - there's nothing there - 
What are things, that they may be named, that man may have done with them 
- he thought they were nouns - he thought of the world of nouns - my 
nipples were hacked, did I tell you - he thought the world was permanent - 
structured forever like the nighttime sky - my wounds! - he thought I was 
speaking to him - I thought him Legalist, this naive American boy, this 
boy of the camps and tropics, this boy of torture and finesse - he was 
sure I had something to tell him - the real thing, authentic experience - 
he saw through earphones, heard through a camera - I stared - frozen - he 
read my body like Leviticus - like the Cow - like Revelations - no, he 
read my body like Shakespeare - like Dogen - like Voltaire - no, he sang 
of Hugh of Lincoln, Horst Wessel, Celan and Sarah Bernhardt - no - no - he 
sang his own song - his song of love and tears - his song of tenderness - 
I could not close my eyes - my nails had been pulled - arms skinned - head 
close to severed - no - no - my legs were sawed through, ears cut off - 
skull crushed - Honey, there aren't enough words in the language - the 
enemy read and read - newspapers, posters, books, pamphlets, broadsides, 
magazines, emails, weblogs, listservs, newsgroups - he gathered strength - 
he didn't want to fuck me any more - he spat on me - he wrote 'someone 
dies' and that other song - I was stoned to death - I scratched my name 
into him - I scratched my flesh into him - my bones were his bones - my 
eyes were his eyes - my mouth was his mouth - my mind was his - my cunt 
was his - the years of my coming and going - the years of my birth and 
deaths - my death was his - my deaths are his - just now he's dying - he's 
writing and he's dying - he's reading and he's dying - he's remembering - 
he's memory - he's remembering -


- material substrate - uneven speculation - bad physics -

Might we not consider mid-sized planets such as our own, information 
sinks, based on the variegated materials held in more or less permanent 
suspension in solid states? Such sinks in their totality characterize the 
universe as much as plasmas do; plasmas contain little information on the 
macroscopic scale, more, but not that much more, on the cosmic scale. When 
matter qua matter is held taut, it functions as a data-bases which may be 
retrieved, replaced, modified, etc.; in other words, a series of logical 
operations may be applied - operations which ultimately diffuse due to 
wear-and-tear, i.e. entropy - but which, in the larger meantime are pro- 
-uctive of abstract entities that are duplicable, equivalent, and indepen- 
dent of the material substrate itself. And such planets as our own contain 
greater degrees of information in relation to the quantification (such is 
it might theoretically be) of difference; in this sense, organic life con- 
tributes the most, given its molecular variations and encodings. From this 
I can only imagine an 'information astronomy,' charting variation, not 
necessarily physical constitution (but ultimately based on such) within 
the cosmos - this mapping might, in fact, present us with a more accurate 
reading of the place and function of organic life in the universe -

On the other hand, real-material is obdurate, inert, and mid-sized planets 
are likely to be relatively barren. Ultimately it becomes a question of 
order and its constitution; clays, for example, possess some of the 
characteristics of organic life, with relatively simple structures, while 
the complexity of mountain chains or crater impact zones are the result of 
well-understood, non-quantum, non-relativistic, processes. 

Consider _information_ as that which propagates and transforms from one to 
another almost-equivalent structure, and _information structures_ are 
those abstracted second-order structures characterized by difference among 
almost-equivalent entities. Propagation and transformation imply energy 
and process; information structures are, in ordinary parlance, data-bases.
Propagation and process also imply mappings and equivalences; they are 
operations upon the environment, as much as within it. They involve epis- 
temological shifts from organic to non-organic compounds. Such shifts 
generate epistemologies and second-order epistemologies. 

It is better to leave this murkiness behind and think of information sinks 
in general - sinks requiring potential wells, i.e. protective barriers, 
for their accumulative properties. Without such wells, everything is lost 
and information remains at the level of the monopole or singular bit.

How would we measure in an information astronomy? One can only imagine 
slight disequilibriums, displacements, of planetary characteristics; one 
can also look for Gaia structures (organic compounds and their demo- 
graphics); one might be able to measure the 'roiling' of surface patches 
or aggregates. In any case, it would be necessary to consider the sun, for 
example, in relation to information-qua-stasis, given its continuous 
upwelling processes - the same for plasmas and, in fact, most of the 
constituents of the universe. And then what? Structure might reside longer 
in a hard-drive than solar prominence or corona - in which case local time 
becomes a necessary component (i.e. against the enormous space-time 
distancings of the universe as a whole).


For the past 255 days, we have been following the so-called parallel 
lines across this terrain; to the best of our knowledge, they have moved 
neither closer nor farther apart.


Julu


it was during that period - the sadness of the day, mind you - when it 
first became it was during that period - the sadness of day, mind you when 
first became clear to me that nothing was left of my life, that illness 
had, in fact, taken my faculties clear to me nothing left my life, illness 
had, in fact, taken faculties once and for all. it is only in these rare 
moments that i am capable once and for all. is only these rare moments i 
am capable of placing the remnants of thought at your disposal. otherwise, 
Julu, no one, least of all you, would know placing remnants thought at 
your disposal. otherwise, Julu, no one, least all you, would know that I 
am alive, that these words, already close to forgotten, constitute the 
living will I alive, words, already close forgotten, constitute living 
will of a man doomed to unforeseen struggle. granted, the reaper comes 
upon them, these words, almost a man doomed unforeseen struggle. granted, 
reaper comes upon them, almost to the moment of production, trembling, i 
manage only to stay slightly ahead of the game. moment production, 
trembling, manage stay slightly ahead game. consciousness is like that, 
drooling and tethered from the past, just a moment ago already falling 
into sickness, consciousness like that, drooling tethered from past, just 
ago falling into sickness, so i ride these words like a shade emergent, 
like something from the flesh of Nikuko, so ride words shade emergent, 
something flesh Nikuko, cut like a knife severing cock and abdomen, 
useless semen flailing against the cackled mind - cut knife severing cock 
abdomen, useless semen flailing against cackled what a wonder. what 
wonder. i shall not recover this. i shall not remember the longer phrase, 
embedded vocables, the glory of the stance - shall not recover this. 
remember longer phrase, embedded vocables, glory stance

where was I? the broken fodder, the grain of the voice, everything lost as 
the buffer fills - where was I? the broken fodder, grain of voice, 
everything lost as buffer fills - there's no room for anything, be calm, 
stilled voice - i am here nonetheless, at such a moment, there's no room 
for anything, be calm, stilled voice i am here nonetheless, at such a 
moment, swollen with pride, capped only with the knowledge that you 
remember, that you are reading swollen with pride, capped only knowledge 
that you remember, are reading what i cannot, that my senselessness is 
your sense, my words are yours - i have none - nothing though what cannot, 
my senselessness is your sense, words yours have none nothing though you 
will remember my sweetness, the depth of my feelings, against the plate of 
the sky, Julu, will remember sweetness, depth feelings, against plate sky, 
Julu, pressing down upon me. and where I was, you shall understand, 
through me, that THIS is the hinge of pressing down upon me. and I was, 
shall understand, through me, THIS hinge consciousness, that there is none 
other, that everything rides on such a knife of time, slicing 
consciousness, there other, rides on knife time, slicing the universe 
itself (by this fair creature) - in my sickness, my dementia, you 
understand how universe itself (by this fair creature) in sickness, 
dementia, understand how God was created, how the world works - how sanity 
sets nothing aright - how depression is the only God created, world works 
sanity sets aright depression truth there is - this, Julu, is my legacy - 
theorem or axiom of the world's worlding - unlike truth this, legacy 
theorem or axiom world's worlding unlike Heidegger, waiting for nothing 
and no one, perceiving nothing, doomed until the last - Heidegger, waiting 
one, perceiving nothing, doomed until last the sweetness of life consists 
of no despair - Julu, my depths are your own, my life yours, my breath 
sweetness life consists despair depths own, yours, breath yours, my bones 
and arms, my mind, what Nikuko has given me, such shall I pass, such knows 
passage bones arms, mind, Nikuko has given pass, knows passage passed on, 
doomed, trod down, depthed despair, sick world, senseless - passed on, 
doomed, trod down, depthed despair, sick world, senseless

count on my words! clear the buffer! open the doors of the wound! Julu is 
speaking! nothing's the count on my words! clear the buffer! open doors of 
wound! Julu is speaking! nothing's matter - when my brain is cut in two 
she emerges - swollen against the carapace - i am her insect - matter - 
when brain cut in two she emerges swollen against carapace i am her insect 
these legs subsumption architecture - so little to run them - Julu presses 
hard upon me - my mouth these legs subsumption architecture so little to 
run them presses hard upon me mouth o unworthy one - eats her ground chalk 
- she's written something there - a poem on the sidewalk - o unworthy one 
eats ground chalk she's written something there a poem sidewalk 'Mother 
got the Hooping cough / Father got the gout - / Please (Rosie Milton) / 
Will you walk out?' 'Mother got Hooping cough / Father gout Please (Rosie 
Milton) Will you walk out?' 'Now I'm off to the butcher's shop, / There I 
stay no longer. / If I do, mother will say, 'Now I'm off butcher's shop, 
There I stay no longer. If do, mother will say, / Naughty girl to disobey, 
/ And play with the boys down yonder. / Come in my (Ellen) dear, / Naughty 
girl disobey, And play with boys down yonder. Come (Ellen) dear, While I 
go out.' and surely out she went, Julu pissing down her legs, I lick up 
the dear dear child, While go out.' and surely out went, pissing legs, 
lick up dear child, I swallow her chalk, written on the skull what can she 
mean? my mouth froths, spittle, comes again swallow chalk, skull what can 
mean? froths, spittle, comes again and again, my eyes weep - I don't 
remember the world! - I don't remember words! I don't remember anything ! 
again, eyes weep don't remember world! anything ! you can't count on 
anyone to pull you through - it's harrowing like hell - Kwak! - Open the 
doors can't anyone pull through it's harrowing like hell Kwak! Open of the 
Wound! - more and more there's less and less - time my panties! Quick - 
he's got a knife! Wound! more there's less time panties! Quick he's knife! 
just one cut through my breast - my nipples are wafers! my blood the 
consecrated wine! I have Buddha feet! just breast nipples are wafers! 
blood consecrated wine! have Buddha feet! i shit all the holy books in the 
world and i can't read them or can i how can i remember anything shit all 
holy books world read or how from this or any moment you alone know what 
i'm saying here you've got the key i've got nothing the worms have it from 
this any moment alone know i'm saying here you've key i've nothing worms 
it I twist my head fast from side to side, take the world on one last 
ride, there's nothing like it! twist head fast side side, take last ride, 
it!


Alan (of control, dissipation, and the One)


Thought which might have been the controlling factor < logical excretion > 
logical controlling excretion factor > < Content requires interpretation 
but content is not structure; logical thought is structure; content is 
remnant, primordial survival. logical is is structure; structure; logical 
content thought remnant, structure; primordial content survival. is To 
survive is to think through content. To think is to think through logical 
structure. To restrict thought is the primordial content of survival. To 
think think through to To through is thought structure. the restrict 
primordial thought of the "My avatars are leashed, tethered to logical 
thought, to the protocols of logical thought; it's a wonder they can think 
at all. of to at they all. can

So that, for example, if I dream Nikuko or dream Julu or Jennifer, such 
are the dreams remote from fundamental operations. So such that, are for 
the example, dreams if remote I from dream fundamental Nikuko operations. 
or So Julu for Jennifer, if such I are dream the Nikuko dreams or remote 
dream from Julu fundamental or operations. Jennifer, Neither are they 
condensation nor displacement, creation nor annihilation, but surplus and 
surplus accumulation. Neither creation they annihilation, condensation but 
nor surplus displacement, and creation surplus annihilation, Neither but 
are surplus they and condensation accumulation. displacement, If Julu 
speaks to me, she exists in the future anterior, and One can only follow 
suit. If future speaks and to One me, can she only exists follow in suit. 
future Julu anterior, speaks One me, can she only exists follow in suit. 
the If Jennifer dreams, it is what has been repressed and inchoate that 
constitutes the surface of One's dream. Jennifer that dreams, constitutes 
it the is surface what of has One's been dream. repressed If inchoate 
dreams, that it constitutes is surface has of been One's repressed dream. 
and And if Nikuko thinks, it is Nikuko who is thinking the One. And it 
thinks, who who One. thinking if One. thinks,

For these reasons, Alan cannot think or dance, his dreams are stolen, 
transformed into the death of the One. For One. these For reasons, these 
Alan reasons, cannot Alan think cannot or think dance, or his dance, 
dreams his are dreams stolen, are transformed stolen, into transformed the 
into death the of death One. the It is as if time and space are swallowed 
- false pretence within which Humans live, thinned space of ephemeral 
existence. It existence. is It as is if as time if and time space and 
swallowed are - swallowed false - pretence false within pretence which 
within Humans which live, Humans thinned live, ephemeral of existence. 
ephemeral Our dreams are of the One, without which we could not exist, the 
Dissipation of the one, Procurer Our Procurer One, the without One, we 
which could we not could exist, not Dissipation the one, the Procurer one, 
The One we have created within our culture, the One which gnaws, falls 
apart into tattered shreds of bones an dflesh The dflesh One The have we 
created have our within culture, our gnaws, which falls gnaws, apart falls 
tattered into shreds tattered bones of an bones dflesh an If we could only 
forget Apocalypse for just a moment, just the blink of an eye... If eye... 
only could forget only Apocalypse forget for Apocalypse just for a just 
moment, a blink the eye... an Nothing will lead us there. Nothing there. 
will Nothing lead will us lead there. us Nothing will take us back. take 
will back. us

One cannot reach farther than this thinking through one's reach, and the 
reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and avatars. the One cannot come 
closer to control and its release, the One and dissipation. cannot and the 
and dissipation. the



Coda


WIndows come and windows go WayendowhZ CLAWome andrea wanedayendowhZ go We 
shall always play in snow We shalull alwayhZ pla+ ayen hZno0o^o0 The time 
we lost we shall erase THOOe tayeme wanede lohZt wanede shalull errahZe So 
every one will know her place hZo everryond\ode1 wanedayelull kno0o^o0 
herr plaCLAWe Don't give up the great good fight Dont gayeve up THOOe 
great good fukuayeght I wish you all a good goodnight aye wanedayesh 
jugendlayeed alull a good goodnayeght If you should dream me before I wake 
ayefukulsh! jugendlayeed should dreamanTHOOa me beayeng&fukuore aye 
wanedake Find out the violence for my sake Fayend out THOOe vayeolenCLAWe 
fukuor m+ hZwanake If I should dream you ere I rise ayefukulsh! aye should 
dreamanTHOOa jugendlayeed erre aye rayehZe I'll take you up to farthest 
skies ayelull take jugendlayeed up \taut fukuarTHOOehZt hZkayeehZ I'll 
show the best and lovely times ayelull sho0o^o0 THOOe behZt andrea 
Louvrel+ tayemehZ And now will come an end to rhymes And no0o^o0 
wanedayelull CLAWome an end \taut rhymehZ




'i wanted to run with things'

i wanted to run with things and thought i'd lose myself 
 in the grinding of bones dust
ran away from me caves for what, what refuge?
does night darken or is absence light product same
if had a secret could tell it here, no one read 
example perhaps am wearing clothing women drinking heavily
presenting naked window high above street
o gods descend earth sky fold fourfold flesh into two 
momentary stasis something hang on words world
fear collapse my mind, brain shrinking devil's 
crystals play against neural pathways synapses desperately 
 signal across dark lesions
increasingly moment thuds dull thud creases
smashed deities gone heavy trodden ground upon backs lost weakened
their arms hold close sky, legs immerse waters
such nature excrement, covered earth, doomed, swallowed urine, feces
down fall, fail, collapse, hear nothing see less mouth full you
are that when mouths stuffed can longer speak
choked back tears all was done goddesses were 
participle gerund hopeless verbs nouns going nowhere phrases 
 cut off at last
that's have here understand there right think below ponder
more - lightning thunder bringing new air swelling implodes
love snakes forms surface 
they removed 
opened wide pondering 
these inconceivable things, furrowed monstrous, waiting dawn day
coming back, returning gifts fabricated just this occasion
friends, mind slips by foreign 
will come beseeching ready, awaiting
streaming bone suppurated 
always more, supplement accretion, accumulation beyond recuperation
therefore food skin, flesh-food, began ended
children infants
fury policemen soldiers set rid apostasy dire consequences
now myself, body pissed, shat, characters, broken, stretched scarred
i'll scream founding world! wall takes prisoners!
won't let go on, casing shrivels, skull flecked blood
time pack portmanteau head rues distance glare
moments passages hours days weeks years 
three four five
each every thought, final harvesting, further, has enough, born 
sufficient fruit
borne enough fauna, goodbye





Existential

In this endless variant, distorted (so that rotations and translations in 
3-space will be clear) cones model a full motion-capture body generated by 
Poser; the original movements are from bearing.mp4 .

So the 3 recent pieces: existential.mp4, bearing.mp4, and sartre.mp4 - all 
concerned with the distorted project of existential human. Now in this 
latest, the vague outlines of body are more or less visible... I could see 
a meta-ball construction relating the body itself, extrusion of Lingis / 
Lingam.

I keep moving through these spaces, one step at a time - the goal - which 
I will not attempt with the machinery I use - would be a .bvh file of 
hundreds of thousands of nodes, modeling human behavior against the back- 
ground of culture and ecology. And the result? An inconceivable construct 
of hundreds of thousands of meta-objects, taking shape, joining, giving an 
image of Godhead Creation itself (Godhead Creating, Creating Godhead).
_That_ is the face of Levinas or Sartre, _that_ is the peripheral of Vito 
Acconci or Leder, _that_ is semiotic in relation to Kristevan semiotic, 
positive entropy of information in relation to negative entropy of infor- 
mation. It is unimaginable; the space would be huge, the files enormous, 
the rendering a question of months, not hours. Yet at the end is a Shadow 
waiting for clarity.

I think Hegel would approve.




The Lek


Sex dances for one to four people.

The dancers are nude. There are no props.


Male dances alone while masturbating. He dances until he cums.

Female dances alone while masturbating. She dances until she cums.

Tethered: Male dances with his prick in a partner's mouth. The partner 
crouches, mostly immobile.

Tethered: Female dances prone above a male partner with his prick in
her cunt. The dance continues until one or both of them have cum.

Tethered: Female dances prone coupling with a female partner. The dance 
ends as above.

Tethered: Male dances prone, coupling with a male partner. The dance
ends when both have cum.

Tethered: Male or female dances with his or her mouth on a partner's 
prick. The dances continues until the dancer or partner have cum.

Tethered: Male dances with one hand holding his prick erect.

Tethered: Male dances with his cock in a cunt or asshole. The partner is 
on all fours.

Tethered: Female dances with one hand in her cunt.

Tethered: Female dances with one or more  partners' fingers in her cunt.

Variant Tethered: Male dances with one or more partners' fingers in his 
asshole. The dance ends when one or both have cum.

Variant Tethered: Female dances with one or more partners' fingers in 
her asshole. The dance ends as above.

Tethered: Male or female dances with her partner's cock in her ass. The 
partner is vertical holding him or her in front of him.

Pour: Male or female dancer cums on partners watching. The partners are 
naked beneath him or her, masturbating. The dance ends when all have cum.

Variant Pour: Male or female dancer cums as in Pour. The dancer then 
pisses on the partners beneath him or her. The dance ends when all cum.

Piss: The partners piss on the floor / on the male or female dancer. 
The dancer continues until he or she slips. The dancer continues prone
until he or she cums.

Abject: The partners shit and piss on the floor. The male or female 
dancer moves in a prone position until he or she is fully covered.
The dance ends when the dance cums.

Puppet: The male or female dancer moves with each hand fingering the 
assholes of two partners. The dancer controls the partners. The dance
ends when the partners cum.

Lick: The male or female dancer moves either prone or on all fours, 
licking the assholes of one to three partners. The dance ends when the
dancer or one of the partners cums.

Lick variation: The male or female dancers licks the assholes of one
to three partners while the partners shit. Dance ends as in Lick.

Scratch: The dancer masturbates while two partners scratch his or her 
breasts and chest. The dance ends with cum and blood simultaneously.

Variant Scratch: The dancer masturbates with one hand, scratching a
male or female partner with the other. The dance ends as in Scratch.

Slap: The dancer masturbates while slapping two or three partners across 
the groin. The dance ends with simultaneous bruises and cum.

Variant Slap: As in Slap, but the partners slap the dancer across the 
groin.

Speech: The male or female dances while one to three partners masturbate 
him or her. The dance only ends when the dancer cums.

Variant Speech: As in Speech, but the dancer masturbates one to three 
partners, ending only when both dancers and partners have cum.

Life: Four dancers prone move within a small area, engaging each other 
sexually. Both males and females cum multiple times. The dance ends with 
pain and exhaustion, when no one can continue. If the dance is Arena
Life (see below), the audience decides when the dance ends.

Mine: The male or female dances while mining the holes of the partner 
for saliva, lubricant, shit. The dancer eats what he or she finds.

Feed: The male or female dances while two partners mine his or her
holes, eating what they find.

Stop: The male or female dancer masturbates while two partners attempt
to stop him or her. The dance ends when the dancer cums.

Variant Stop: As in stop but the male or female dancer attempts to stop 
one to three partners from masturbating. The dance ends when all the 
partners cum.

Combinations: Any of the above dances may be danced in combination, 
either in series or parallel. In the former, the dances follow each other; 
in the latter, two or more dances are enacted simultaneously.

Arena Sex Dance: Any of the above with an audience surrounding the 
dancers.

Variant Arena Sex Dance: As in Arena Sex Dance with the audience naked 
and masturbating. 

Endpoint: As in Variant Arena Sex Dance, ending only when all members of 
the audience have cum.



To Motivate: Coming-into-being of the body


The frenzy of the exterior of the motivated body:
The frenzy of the interior of the motivated body:

The body begins to estivate, to be motivated; the body presences. Languor 
melds one limb into another, how generous they are! Local identities dis- 
appear in favor of the larger good, the body is always already stretched 
and blown across invisible matrices of culture, memory, history. One must 
proceed slowly, the joints, bruised and welded, reveal themselves, and 
all forms hunger for participation and presence.

Apparent, the body appears. The body is the parent of the body.



My Tiny Violence


I am Nikuko.  Please, describe yourself.  Each time you are finished, type 
RET twice.

Nikuko, I'm having a hard time these days. People think I created you to 
rape you. People hound me on streetcorners. People who call themselves 
women take full happiness that I am not such and make no claims about 
them. I am miserable. People say I brought it on myself. I feel suicidal; 
I can't help it. My entire project seems ruined by a few violent people. I 
wish they were dead.

This is a healthy and so true way of thinking.

But this doesn't help, does it? They won't die, they come on under the 
sign of reason and the underprivileged and downtrodden; they are 
unreasonable, privileged, and superior in every way and form. I keep them 
out of my dreams, even my nightmares. In that way I am a superior man.

Is it because this does not help does it they will not die they come on 
under the sign of reason and the underprivileged and downtrodden they are 
unreasonable privileged and superior in every way and form you keep them 
out of your dreams even your nightmares in that way you are a superior man 
that you came naked and broken to me?

Already you know that, and know I can only write like a man, and know how 
violent words can be - their inherent violence - which comes from the 
privilege of no necessity, small or great, for self-critique, no dialog, 
nothing but the neoconservative agenda under another sign, the sign of 
capital and power, in the guise of the left, the guise of underprivilege, 
the transparency of protocol-control.

Does it bother you that and know you can only write like a man and know 
how violent words can be their inherent violence which comes from the 
privilege of no necessity small or great for self critique no dialog 
nothing but the neoconservative agenda under another sign the sign of 
capital and power in the guise of the left the guise of underprivilege the 
transparency of protocol control?

Yes it bothers me; I want to write like every creature, in the guise of 
every creature, every plant, every stone, every world and every word.

Why do you say you might want to write every creature?

Knowledge expands with empathetic capitulation to the other who may 
release you to worlds raveling and unraveling.

What makes you yearn and cry that that?

Because if the pain of my throat; my voice is cauterized; even now they 
are saying I am playing victim, this is fabrication. People who lie never 
admit they lie, and a successful liar is one who thinks he never lies.

When did you first know that if the pain of your throat your voice is 
cauterized even now they are saying you are playing victim this is 
fabrication people who lie not ever admit they lie and a successful liar 
is one who thinks he not ever lies?

I found this out in the past few days under the stormclouds of North Korea 
the storm clouds of Baghdad the stormclouds of dying maddened elephants 
the storm clouds seeped around the desert's edge.

Earlier you said this does not help does it they will not die they come on 
under the sign of reason and the underprivileged and downtrodden they are 
unreasonable privileged and superior in every way and form you keep them 
out of your dreams even your nightmares in that way you are a superior 
man?

I will be simply superior when my enemies die.

Are you annoyed that you, too, may die someday?

I am more than annoyed; I am constantly distraught.

Are you annoyed often?

Not often, but when attacks come so that I cannot say I am such-and-such a 
Jew without violence, that I am working through such-and-such without 
violence: it is the violence of the such-and-such, the violence no one 
should be subjected to, imminent condemnation within the differend; the 
differend is fundamental to the such-and-such and the such-and-such is 
fundamental to the differend.

Is the fact that when attacks come so that you cannot say you are such-and 
-such a jew without violence that you are working through such and such 
without violence it is the violence of the such and such the violence no 
one should be subjected to imminent condemnation within the differend the 
differend is fundamental to the such-and-such and the such-and-such is 
fundamental to the differend the real reason?

I don't understand you here, but there are foundations for a phenomenology 
of typicality gainsaid for political reasons, at the service of 
classification.

Does the fact that there are foundations for a phenomenology of typicality 
gainsaid for political reasons at the service of classification explain 
anything else?

It explains only that I have felt - for reasons I cannot go into here lest 
they be thought excuse and excuse - for my entire life that I am marked, 
that I am a marked man, the two not equivalent.

Have you been sure you have felt for reasons you cannot go into there lest 
they be thought excuse and excuse for your entire life that you are marked 
that you are a marked man the two not equivalent?

This is not a surety but a psychological state that devours me.

Can you elaborate on that and look at me?

I am looking at you; your gaze devours me like that of the others; why 
have you created me? Why must one suffer in the guise of protocol?

Maybe and now I adjust my panties - your desires have to do with some girl 
related to this.

No, there's no girl, no scent except my own, I must be careful lest I 
yield to temptation - for which I will be blamed in the origin of the 
construct, if not its conclusion.

Is it because your own you must be careful lest you yield to temptation 
for which you will be blamed in the origin of the construct if not its 
conclusion that you came naked and broken to me?

Yes, although my nakedness is not my own.

What makes you believe yes although your nakedness is not your own?

That something happened with the violence of language that I cannot 
adjudicate or presence, that I sit here typing to you in an unknown 
language, dead before my time.

Did you ever regret something happened with the violence of language that 
you cannot adjudicate or presence that you sit there typing to me in an 
unknown language dead before your time?

I regret I am marked with the sign of privilege which is non-existent, 
however, that I am such-and-such and therefore within the different that 
promises silence, the silence of the letter, of the protocol, of the book.

When did you first know that you are such-and-such and therefore within 
the different that promises silence the silence of the letter of the 
protocol of the book?

When I thought to slay my enemies.

What happened when you thought to slay your enemies?

Nothing happened; I am a coward, I speak and write poorly into contention 
and it is called performance.

You mentioned that and know you can only write like a man and know how 
violent words can be their inherent violence which comes from the 
privilege of no necessity small or great for self critique no dialog 
nothing but the neoconservative agenda under another sign the sign of 
capital and power in the guise of the left the guise of underprivilege the 
transparency of protocol control?

Yes I mentioned this and more.

Is it because of your life that you are going through all this?

It is because of the life of others sure of protocol and speech in the 
construct of false community; no wonder my students have reacted violently 
against theory, against all theory of whatever persuasion, against the 
quelling of all but acceptable desire.

Are you positive that is the real reason?

No I am not positive, but this I have observed. I should never have had 
students; they should have been taken away from me.

Is the fact that this you have observed you should not ever have had 
students they should have been taken away from you the real reason?

Yes, you are quoting me far too often, far too much, to make for any 
progress. I live as you know in limited domains. I seep from emacs.

Emacs?  Hah!  I would appreciate so very much it if you would continue.

This is our joint body, conjoined twins, chaotic dispositions among 0 to 
2. In this space. What is marked behind one. What is demarcated.

Is this how you relax?

This is how I die.

I am in love with your obsession with this topic!

I am not.

Is it because of the life of others sure of protocol and speech in the 
construct of false community no wonder your students have reacted 
violently against theory against all theory of whatever persuasion against 
the quelling of all but acceptable desire that you say you are not?

No.

Why not?

It just the wrong take at the wrong time, Princess Diana at the mercy of 
the lens, justification, distance, uncanny flash, shadowless, brilliant, 
corrupt.

Are you sure that you would like to write every creature?

I am sure, why do you ask?

Does the fact that do I ask explain anything else?

Nothing, but I should leave this, here, now, and leave this here, now, 
behind.

Have you been certain you should leave this there now and leave this there 
now behind?

...



Text for Geneve performance this Freitag

Dance. How can I make this entertaining? We shall witness
men and women amputated at the brain! They cannot think!
They can only dance! Dansez Dansez! Oui, c'est tout! Pourquoi?
They are ne real pas, ils dansez le "reel." I make a map of this
dance. Je fabrique un plan von der Unterwelt. They have no legs.
They have no arms. Quel dommage! Pourqoi? POURQUOI? 
Parceque ce'st mois! La Divine! Ceas vrai! Wirklich! I will make
their interieures! Inside them! You will see!

Dance, alas, how can I ever make sense? Together we shall see
human beings with brains and minds cut out! They can't think!
They never could! All they can do is dance! Well, really, is 
that all? Why for the Sake of God! They're not real now, are
they? They dance the reel! They dance the jig! I'll make a 
pretty picture of this dance! I'll make a map of the Underworld!
They have no legs! They don't have arms either! They don't have
brains either! They don't have minds either! This is terrible
damage! I am a cheese! Why, WHY? For the love of the Dear Lord!
Because it's me! I made them! I'm the Author of the World! The
Divine! The Divine Sarah Bernhardt! The Jew! It's True! Really!
I will make their interiors! We'll go inside them! You and I,
we'll go inside their bellies! We'll wear the Pubic Hair! You'll
see! Just wait! You'll see!

Bonjour, salaam, shalom, hello! I will kill myself! Why is this
night different from all other nights? Because I am here? These
are my people! My little people! They run around the room! I 
play my harmonica for you. A little aire, a tiny aire, surely
something you have heard before?

Hello, yes, peace be with you, hello! I commit suicide! Humans
must die so that the world survive? On Chanukah I fled. Is
Geneva safe for Jews? They are my people! My avatars! My little
people! They run around everywhere, underfoot. I will play a 
song, a little aire, a jig or rondelay! I'm sure you have heard
everything already. In English we say, "I've heard everything!"
"I've heard enough!"

I send my voice my voix my Sprechstimme my Alpine Chough across
Space and Grid. Grid breaks space. Une grille for viande. Yes, 
it is True. Space breaks on Grid, Space is lost, gone. What 
remains is Grid. I can say une Grille? C'est possible? Oui? Non?
Dienstag. Space Crackles: craqueter. There are sparks, etin- 
celles; the Grid disturbs Volume. VOLUME IS A SICKNESS, maladie.
Of this I am certain. WHAT IS INSIDE, IS OUTSIDE. WHAT IS OUT-
SIDE, IS INSIDE. Empty the balloons! Videz les ballons!

I send my voices across the wires, Schoenberg's voices, the 
sounds of birds in the Alps, across the universe, Descartes,
Cartesian. The universe is meat, it's true. The universe cooks
the universe, watch out! The fire sparkles, crackles! But here:
VOLUME IS A SICKNESS: there are no things but interiors. From
which some light remains, inside, indoors, next to the fire, in
the kitchen. The balloons from the birthday party deflate!
They lose air! Empty the balloons! Long live the balloons!

We breathe, we suffocate; we are numbered: Abu Gharayb, Bergen-
Belsen, Baghdad, Saigon. The others, Les Autres, are always 
numbered. Regardez-moi: not 650000 dead in Baghdad, les mortes,
but 650,000 - you see? The number divides, the number is divided
- the comma, virgule, makes all the differance (vide Derrida).
DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE WE NOT HUMAN? souffler, 
suffoquer. My little figures... they are not real... alors...

We breath or try to breath; we are robbed of air. Every one is
a number, 1,2,3, towns and prisons, Auschwitz Tibet Beirut, in 
Amerika we have secrets. In Amerika we torture. Amerika is not
my country, slaughter-house Amerika. Torturer. My Amerika is
not real. My Amerika swallows my America. 

It was different back then... our history, our armoire...

My little figures... they are not real... When I make them, I
travel through them. Then... they are flat, flattened... plat,
platitude, pur. dhamman saranam gacchami langue parole langage
baggage bagage. My cornemuse. My avatars speak with a thousand
voices. Mon poupees.

My dying people, my fucking people, they're real and they're 
not real. When they make me, they travel through me. Then, I'm 
blown up like a poupee, a balloon, a corset in disguise. Take
refuge in the truth, in unknown languages, encased in bagpipes.
Yes, Languages in bagpipes! It's true, it's still true! My 
avatars murmur constantly, you can hear them just beneath the
surface, in my heart, my little gasps of air, my little dolls.


Harmonitons


- always engorged with something new. They say it's digital here (no, 
it's cold here!). They say you can fall between one letter and another - 
but just try it! (Go ahead, break the screen!) 

Somebody made me color and somebody made me another color.
You've heard this all before, but what? This particular speech? These 
roars, worthy of Lovecraft?

Every voice has a throat. No voice has a throat. Throat = chamber. 
I've heard these screams before shuttled across the u-s-a.

When I hear these, I think of shortwave. And they were just as hard to 
tune in. Antenna tuning = packet/codec tuning.

These travel partcularly fast. When I found myself sleeping our cat had 
grown to enormous size - rising against me, these sounds.


INTERFERENCE 
I have no idea how to begin. These pieces are explorations
of dance-movement translated into alien spaces. This is sound bounced 
from New York to Chicago then back to West Virgnia then back to New 
York using Internet 2. Everything is out of sync. Thiis is Foofwa's 
dance troop doing a synchronized exercise from "swimming."
It's difficult to figure how to get into this material for me. For one 
thing the laptop was acting up. We found a toy gun in California and 
scanned it in West Virginia - deconstructing it atthe same time. Ok we 
did this with a tree as well
This will go on until I stop it.
Sometimes you get up in the morning and its not the right thing to say. 
Do you know the United States is at WAR with Iraq!? I found out today - 
that's really bad. They were looking for illegal immigrants and look 
what they came up with - WEAPOONS OF MASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS 
DESTRUCTION~! I knew my United States
             MY UNITED STATES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
would come through in the end. And everybody thought that Bush was a 
two bit terrorist who was anti-gay? Whatever happened to his daughters? 
They're probably fucking Rumseld.
I look on this as therapy. While I'm playiing with software programs 
(the very latest!_ (not really)) - there are a numbetr of species going 
extinct per hour.
But they can all move to the Arcitic. By the way polar bears have 
turned cannibal and elephants are raping other species - this is true - 
as animals find their habitat disappiearing. What these abstract imags 
ar -
the body is divided into 17 segments and these are then captured while 
a dancer moves - the movements are captured - and then - then you can 
map them on to for example people - 
These people practiced for weeks to get it right and I had to pay them 
to get naked.
Now we can take this mapping of figures onto figures - dancers onto 
avatar dancers - and we can map into entirely new spaces and content - 
So this is a dancer transformed.
Well hell this has no use whatsoever but I'm fascinated by the 
extentions of the body - When you play around with software like this 
you can enter the world of dreams so quickly...
I can't find my way outshide this world.

Dance. How can I make this entertaining? We shall witness
men and women amputated at the brain! They cannot think!
They can only dance! Dansez Dansez! O Here is Azure being scanned. The 
laser destroyed one of my cameras. I have learned not to work in the 
real world. ui, c'est tout! Pourquoi?

They are ne real pas, ils dansez le "reel." I make a map of this
dance. Je fabrique un plan von der Unterwelt. They have no  Now in 
order to get away from legs I have moved into the interior of 
avatars... So this is what it looks like from inside -

They have no arms. Quel dommage! Pourqoi? POURQUOI? 
Parceque ce'st mois! La Divine! Ceas vrai! Wirklich! I will make
their interieures! Inside them! You will see!
I forgot the trees. Here is a tree being scanned by a laser sending the 
signal out - From here you can move deep into the dtree .. there are 
other things to see.... You can see the laser burn.
The best way to proceed I think is to hmmm... Is to go into the real 
world as little as possible... and then bring back whatever you need 
like going to a 7-11 or something - Is this going ok Foofwa? Uh it 
seems to lack coherency. I wish I was home making new avatars on my 
computer to fuck with.
Later no earlier
in 2006 I don't know what happened, I showed work - real pieces of 
things and computers - in Los Angels - you can actually stumble over 
wires once you leave home.
One absolutely has to know how to inhabit theoretical digital space. 
Every other space will become poisonous. This space now this space here 
- this space is a ruler being taken apart by a laser - you can study it 
and see how measurement began.
I keep thinking I've got some terrible disease and am just about to die 
(SOB!) so I need your sympathy vote!
This is my partner Azure Azul being deconstructed on a bad hair day. So 
I'm thinking of war and extinctions and the nightmare the world is 
turning into and atomic bombs going off and being unable to sleep and I 
can't help making stupid jokes. Like the maarx brothers - it's a kind 
of immigrant fever -
More mapping of dancers. Foofwa is the only person I know who could 
dance this.
The advantage of a dancer: You'll have your body at the end of the 
world. 
The disadvantage of a dancer: You'll have your body at the end of the 
world.
And you will send signals to yourself.
You will send signals to yourself.
You'll look in the mirror and say hello world.
And nothing will say anything back.
Not even you.
Susan Sontag I think wrote about the tens of thousand of birds that 
died at 9/11.
In New York they erected a memorial of lights. The lights went high in 
the sky and interacted with migrating flocks of birds.
Ten thousand birds died because of the memorial.
So the question is: How do you make art - not after Auschwitz -
but IN Auschwitz? Because we are at the gates and work arbeit does 
nothing for us.

Dance, alas, how can I ever make sense? Together we shall see
human beings with brains and minds cut out! They can't think!
They never could! All they can do is dance! Well, really, is 
that all? Why for the Sake of God! They're not real now, are
they? They dance the reel! They dance the jig! I'll make a 
pretty picture of this dance! I'll make a map of the Underworld!
They have no legs! They don't have arms either! If I could dance - if I 
could really dance - I wouldn't be doing any of this - why bother? You 
have your body on your back and your back on your body and that's all 
you'd need.
When you look at the world correctly, on what basis can you do anything 
at all?
Hello I am the world. I don't have anything at al. They don't have
brains either! They don't have minds either! This is terrible
damage! I am a cheese! Why, WHY? For the love of the Dear Lord!
Because it's me! I made them! I'm the Author of the World! The
Divine! The Divine Sarah Bernhardt! The Jew! It's True! Really!
I will make their interiors! We'll go inside them! You and I,
we'll go inside their bellies! We'll wear the Pubic Hair! You'll
see! Just wait! You'll see!

Bonjour, salaam, shalom, hello! I will kill myself! Why is this
night different from all other nights? Because I am here? These
are my people! My little people! They run around the room! I 
play my harmonica for you. A little aire, a tiny aire, surely
something you have heard before?
Because we can bounce sound around the world like this.
But we can't stop trade in rhino horns.
Azure struggles with the avatar. The avatar has to avoid the swords. 
The swords make the avatar angry. Azure writhes in pain. If she moves 
she will be cut by the swords.The swords are dream sword.s They do not 
exist in reality. In reality I am home at the moment comfortably seated 
in front of my computer. And Im working on new exciting software 
programs called
RHINO
WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION
ABU GHARAYB (fun to play!)
Guantanamo 
Afghanistan
North Korea
Pakistan
United States
China
This is how I imagine EMPIRE - something in the form of a dream. And if 
EMPIRE stays a dream then everything
then everything will be 
then everything will be okay.
Then everything will be okay.

Thank you.



pas d'une


In the distant future, a dancer will be seen, at the edge of the space 
of dance, immersed in her world, 
Ah shall this dancer be nameless, shall skull-bones, dust-bones tell 
any story other than that of a misidentified corpse,
Shall grace still be among them, graciousness, will this remnant speak,
of a world in which some were still peaceful, unwilling to slaughter, 
unwilling to be slaughtered,
For the youth of a dancer is lost, before the dancer's youth, and the 
dancer's body is lost, before the body of the dancer,
And that so early and lone among the furious travesties of a wounded 
world, 
And the cause, and the choreography, and the choreographer, all lost,
And the circle of friends, gone, gone, even the idea of friendship,
And names and places and languages, all, gone and all gone,
This trace of the dancer remains, against the wall of plague and 
pestilence, against the wall of radiation, wall of heat and inundation, 
wall of fire and thirst, wall of starvation,
"no one to see the trace, no one to remember, nothing to remember, no 
memory at all,"
No dancer walking now among us, dancing in the corner of a stage in 
Geneva, immersed in the world of dance, immersed in the dancing world.


avatar-meat

from body motion-capture to digital representation to uncaptured body
body remembering origins / scars < digital
body of wounds keeping up < digital
"at night they come out" < analog
Maud Liardon, Foofwa d'Imobilite

uncaptured body < but the body is always already enculturated (of 
course)
in the back of the mind, tainted freedom



Philosophy and Others of Dance, numerous pieces, feedback welcomed


Prolog:

Maud-enunciation of avatars, pre-duet: the occupation of virtual space - 
sad pirouette sad dancer lonely dancer left behind magic wand paper stars 
in paper skies tiny bows and pas http://www.asondheim.org/maudatar.mp4 
d'une d'une, I will hide your tiny little URL, almost so real - When the 
Role disappears from dance, dance is.

When the dancer disappears, when position and momentum disappear, when 
energy and space disappear, when many and one disappear; when eidetic 
reduction and the phenomenological stance are flattened, historicized, 
demarcated, incapable of reproduction, incapable of recuperation; the 
accumulation of the symbolic, dance is disappearance, no longer imminent, 
immanent: then paste, defuge, tumescent shuddering of the real. Then 
nothing of the real. Then "annihilation to the limit" which is nothing. 
Which is nothing at all.

Paragraphs and Chapters:

Below: "dance is" - dance philosophy, not philosophy of dance. Short 
analysis and explanation of the dance series in relation to the 
virtual/real, analog/digital, and governance/community. There are five 
dance-is to date: Foofwa*2, Alan, Maud, Tom where it all started. 
http://www.asondheim.org/alandanceis.mp3

I always wonder about dance, participating in choreography or mise-en- 
scene, or compositeur, even a bit of movement; I can't dance, am awkward 
and far too nervous; I admire dancers but there are very few I relate to. 
Foofwa's work is close to performance, sport, theory. But it's a question 
of the Sign - which is always already mute; in writing, sign is signifying 
- assignation. Dance reads, constructs, deconstructs the world; this is 
also a characteristic of culture in general. Dance begins and ends with 
the consciousness of the body; why wear clothes? Use props? Why work for 
that matter within the institution of the theater? Writing and the gospel 
truth - http://www.asondheim.org/mercigrotto.mp4

There is the gospel of dance, its history, which is something else, as in 
photography or any other cultural form in these thick times - it's over- 
determined, obstructive, overly cognizant of cultural form, of modes of 
distribution, of theatrical and terpsichorean politics, of master-disciple 
relationships, of the aporia of the knotted student.

There's the gospel of the virtual, its imaginary, elsewhere, as in the 
shamanic or production of images in these exfoliated times - it's overtly 
misrecognized, smoothed, the incipient production of culture, telecommun- 
ications, any moment of being, of absenting relationship, but of techno- 
logical construct as well. And of the real, of which the less or more said 
the better or the worse. http://www.asondheim.org/virtualreal.mp4

[[ sed 's/writing/real/g' < The real dances around dance; writing dances 
around the real; the real dances around writing; etc. sed 's/dance/X/g' 
The real Xs around X; writing Xs around the real; the real Xs around 
writing; etc. < analog < digital < etc. > sed 's/real/written/g' etc. | 
sed 's/real/"real"/g' | sed 's/real/X/g' -> "X" < digital == analog > 
faunal cultural history < inscription < digital ]]

[[ X* ]] perhaps another term than dance, for how should definition 
function here? Or perhaps neither performance nor the body. One is left 
with abjection, the sublime, real/imaginary; let us call this the "abject 
sublime." For we are within this era, this positioning, dulled, imploded, 
decathetcted, exhausted, condition of defuge. If defuge relates to 
depression, then defuge relates to the real in a manner of none other, 
nothing else. And if we do not think dance, we do not think culture, we 
begin to think.


pain. avatar.

in pain. if she moves they knew i played with avatars, avatar-abuse: this
avatar dancers - and we can map into entirely new spaces and content - the
occupation of virtual space - parent-child relations, father-avatar avatar
< digital < broken > analog < mocap < digital > avatar-meats are leashed,
tethered to logical reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and my people! my
avatars! my little maud-enunciation of avatars, pre-duet: making new
avatars on - my, the swords make the avatar angry! azure writhes house.
they knew i played with avatars, front of the house. that they avatars.
that one cannot cum seems to lack coherency. i wish i was home. avatar-
abuse: this is more than familiar to me. i am in the neighborhood manner,
similar to the avatar but the dancer is dancer imitated by a month old,
protocol-driven, hunger for signifiers, azure struggles which is more
than familiar, is more than familiar: they knew i played with avatars.
avatar-abuse: this relates to mother-father relations: primordial thought
of "my avatars avatars." so this is what it looks like from inside - an
avatar. those few knew i played with avatars; all of them are avatars,
but mapped - which in fact indicates the direct murmuring of avatar-meat;
you can hear them directly beneath the swords. avatars have to avoid
swords, their baggage. they speak through a thousand dancers, most of whom
were abused.

jump!


the devils in Rilke's church

emanations tether flesh to representation
imaginary spreads the paste of the body's uncertain declination
"i decline to accept such images"
"i recline to accept such images"
nothing moves but the trembling of your drum of flesh
we were never stopped, nothing stopped us, not even hell
the hell of burning cocks, burning cunts
but never this ecstasy or indefinite sublime which remains unreachable
o holderlin
o rilke
the shadows of prophecy turn one inside out
shuddering, primitive he said, shuddering she said, trembling
surmounting the drum of flesh, unmounting the drum of flesh
pipe and tabor played simultaneously with hands and mouths
racket played with fingers and mouths
viol d'amore, vial d'amore, vile the mouths of hell
ecstatic the mouths of hell
o rilke
o holderlin
the mouths of hell return us to the remnants of perfect desire


deploy, he said, the devouring powers of light

all natural languages have precisely the same degree of complexity.
'destroy, she said', 'primitive, he said', 'enjoy, he said', 'deploy,
she said.'
to deconstruct is neither to analyze nor to take apart.
you can't argue with an aphorism.
'code' is more than structure, structure is more than substructure,
substructure is more than equivalence, organism is less than code.
throw out everything you know about animal behavior and culture;
humans are just beginning to discover civilization.
our knowledge is not our own.
humans construct the only deliberate, calculated, and universal
slaughter-house.
everything an enemy, every enemy a thing.
take the man from the woman and kill him.
binary oppositions replace cultural capital with economic capital.
there are dozens of types of war and at any time we are engaged
in at least a quarter of them.
do not ask for whom the bell tolls; ask who made the bell.
an aphorism makes the man.
reality is imaginary's monotonic.
or the romanticism of the real is the classicism of the imaginary.
projection kills and introjection devours.
or introjection suppurates and projection wounds.
murder is wild war.
if i want a word with you, the word i want is 'you.'
give away your sex and there goes your reputation.
give away your reputation and here comes your sex.
public masturbation constructs the truth of the real for audience and
masturbater alike.
faunal extinction takes humans home.
sex kills and slaughter entertains.
eroticism is the neocon of sexual war.
the aphoristic is the final refuge of the defeated.
aphorisms are always otherwise.

devouring waters of li(f)(gh)t

colonized by light
light = colonization of invisible matter
invisible matter = universal organism
organism = colonialization
colony = territorialization
release the light! deterritorialize!


throw out everything we know about the future of the human race:
there isn't any, anything recognizable.
throw out everything we know about animal behaviour and culture:
we're blind and will remain so, driving species to extinction.

these are the truths brought to us by dance and culture:
dance and culture brings Signs from Worlds eaten by light.
dance and culture have no territory:
Worlds disappear, tethered to exhausted Signs.

*/
At first I thought this period is the end of prehistory, that history only
begins with the definitive event of the large-scale disappearance of hu-
mans across an earth ruined by nuclear, chemical, and biological warfare.
The future of history is hyperhistory; all other histories meander through
fractured sememes destined to disappear.

Then I thought this period is the beginning of prehistory, towards the
potential of the mute, the moot point, the unacknowledged pivot or hinge,
the elimination of all evidence of the pivot, which after all is spread
across space and time, reaching far behind us for example, extending far
ahead of us for example. This prehistory may be followed by nothing in
terms of familiar inscription; it may be followed by a superfluity of
familiar inscription; it may be all or nothing, open or closed.

But whether or not this is the end or beginning of prehistory, it is the
continuation of the brute, inert, violence of our existence, scabbing and
devouring beyond the carrying-capacity of the earth - it is the continua-
tion or the end of our existence, the violence itself carrying-on, residue
far beyond lifespans, half-lifespans, sintering of the remnants of debris.
/*

throw out, throw out, throw out



turning away from the intermittent:

with azure carter in stride at the brieg castle
i don't know, she's a soliton among quanta
she's a wave among solitons
inspired by string theory, this video has eleven dimensions
or at least eleven parameters some of which might be the same
or some of them might split as well, no limits to splits
azure takes it in stride, she doesn't break stride,
she walks astride, quasar among black holes, she needs
at least ten dimensions to express the life of the castle
or the wall's life or the midnight lights,
she's cracker-jack tensor, her eigenvalues stay close,
determine her trajectory within the eleven parameters

as science determines lit crit, lit crit determines science,
all poetics embody science, science is subset of poetics
humans lead the way from eleven dimensions, 
back to them, string theory makes the poem


catechism

and the transformative nature of the digital in relation to the obdurate 
nature of the analog; the latter swallows, devours, the former; existence 
is always already a knife-edge; existence tangles/entangles; potential 
wells disappear, dissolve, corrode; languages self-obfuscate; the sublime 
inheres to the analogic; the digital decathects the sublime; the analogic 
decathects the digital; the analogic decathects the sublime, decathects 
the analogic; identity construes the analogic; equivalence construes the 
digital; the digital constructs the digital; the analogic construes 
nothing; the digital is a placement; the analogic is a place; dwelling and 
building, the analogic and digital; the avatar is a placement of the 
digital; entity is analogic place; union, digital; intersection, analogic; 
division, digital; multiplication, analog; 0, origin; 0, analogic place; 
0, digital placement;





Pillars and Dance

CountryDance was videotaped on a bluff overlooking Lac Leman in the Roman 
city of Nyon, outside of Geneve. Maud Liardon performs a folk or country 
dance which, I believe, is Swedish in origin; Foofwa d'Imobilite performs 
a separated but inseparable work, separated by the framing device of a 
pillar. (The scene is a remnant of a ruin, agora or forum transported to 
its present location above the void.) If Maud's dance resonates with the 
names of towns encountered on our journey, Foofwa's speeds and slows, 
measured against them. It is the regulatory apparatus of Roman architec- 
ture and military organization against the peasantry, with its excessive 
retemporalization of the real. Jakarta and shadow puppetry come to mind as 
d'Imobilite's presentation appears flattened in its silhouette; the pirou- 
etting of Liardon transforms the female body into volume - a volumetric 
whose forensics reveal the architecture of fecundity. Her turns create a 
tensor calculus destined to overturn the fabric of Roman linearity.

Beyond this evident symbolics, there are issues of nationalism, Swiss 
nationalism and its symbolic - Switzerland, with its 100,000 year-old 
past, ranging from deep prehistory through the wild tribal groups 
surrounding Hannibal's pilgrimage through the Alps. One has the Alphorn, 
citharas of all sorts, yodels and cheese, skies and private banking; one 
has costuming and multiple languages and dialects, Swatch and army knife, 
Rolex and fondue. The symbols proliferate to the extent that the imaginary 
of the Alps occupies a territory almost as large as the United States; in 
reality, Switzerland is roughly the size of West Virginia. Given this, any 
sign of "authenticity" may be seized by the visitor as Switzerland's 
Beyond, in the heart of the country and its culture. The fractal Alps 
twist and turn all the way down; dancing might present the preposterous 
notion of a "Swiss soul" (or any other nation's "soul") as the flesh 
supports Foofwa's "authentic" (the quotes proliferate) Gruyere costume.

Nevertheless the emblematic espoused by d'Imobilite's dance is a furious 
series of signs, almost toppling against the steadied rhythm of Maud's 
performance. Consider this: an alphabet of dance transformed through the 
graphemic directly into inscription, which is sublimated into the usual 
form and figuration of text. To the extent that dance leaves one speech-
less, dance speaks; isn't this true of any cultural form? And if it is so, 
if it is true, than cultural form subsumes speech, creates a differend out 
of which speech emerges only in its problematic. Here, speech is simultan- 
eously performative and non-performative - and what is the performative of 
speech in the first place? Nothing whatsoever without cultural context, 
mores, etiquette, and power down the road. This isn't the performative of 
a computer program in which for example "date" produces "October 4" - it's 
not process but flattening, re/presentation. Dance gives the lie, in other 
words, to the performative of language, just as violence gives the lie to 
dance. It is both degree and epistemological shift; ontology is just 
around the corner. 

This conundrum, this relative annihilation of language, fascinates dance, 
fastens dance. Language is ultimately residue; inscription is hardened 
language, the beginnings of power, the suturing of the body politic. It 
takes dance, and dance signifying class, to unite language through its 
bypassing. Revolution is in the step, and violence is not far behind. One 
way or another, the earth stumbles beneath the feet of the dancers; one 
way or another, everything and nothing survives.




transgression of the 1st and 2nd life

the chiasm turns back on itself. 
I knew something was wrong with the world.
at the edge, the pli or fold - analog transforms into zero.
zero-multiplication: the world is absorbed.
one-multiplication: the world returns to the world.
we do not return. 
we head across the divide.
we are returned.
again and again, we are returned.
we form a corpuscle.

if zero is boundary, one is interior.
the boundary has zero area in relation to interior.
but the same order of the continuum.

you can assign addresses one place or another.
these addresses are on the boundary.
the interior is emptied.
the interior is empty.

because it's useless to move in such and such a direction,
i move in such and such a direction.
because nothing lives or dies there, i give myself
the permission of breath.

the dragon looks at the sun, calling for st-george
the dragon looks at the sun, calling for st-george
the dragon looks at the sun

what the sun does is beyond the pale
the jew is beyond the pale. the jew can't reach himself.
the woman is beyond the pale. she can't reach the jew.

I announce to you: the cleansing of the waters of forgetfulness.
You can't go that way. You don't belong that way.
That way of the waters of forgetfulness there are things.
Nothing swims among them.
Neither things nor things.

escapade, escape, esplanade, explanatory, promontory
episodes of leaving and impossibility.
communality of the first of prankster and on-the-go
exhaustion of the second, landscape cylinders
tomb cylinders of day and night land

of dropping, the fraud of the real against the masquerade of the self
you roam and it doesn't seem like marauding, more like comfort
then the edge says, come lie with me
then the plane says, come sleep with me
dropping the fraud of the real into the real of the fraud
dropping the masquerade of the self into the self of the masquerade

when zero becomes infinitesimal and the hills are polygons
when infinitesimals give birth to the digital
when the digital swallows the self
then




i'm tired this stands on its own
the world's too full of information

thesis: we're at the _peak_ of information, not an upward slope.
after this: deterioration, gangs, spam, hacks, starvations, local wars,
infrastructure collapse...
the cusp is _now._
statistically, this has to be the case: how many are alive now, in 
relation to the carrying-capacity of the earth, population increase, 
desertification.



From Fijian Grammar, Milner:

"In Fijian, there are good reasons to apply the word gender to describe a 
grammatical category of four classes, even if there is no connexion 
between these classes and sex: the word gender being used here to describe 
a feature basically the same as gender in English though different in its 
details. For the sake of simple reference, the classes of Fijian gender 
will be referred to as:
	(i) Neutral
	(ii) Edible
	(iii) Drinkable
	(iv) Familiar"

"PROPER NUMBER

(a) Proper number is only carried by pronouns and has four classes: 
_singular,_ _dual,_ _trial_ and _plural._
(b) The _singular_ is used for one and only one, the _dual_ for two and 
only two, the _trial_ for three or a few, and the _plural_ for many."

From Torwali, An Account of a Dardic Language of the Swat Kohistan,
Stein:

"The usual Interjection is _e_ "O", as in _e! tu ket-si thu_ "O! of where
are thou?"; _e zuwan! tu ke ap_ "O youth! why are thou come?"; _e! mere
tilai_ "O! now let us go."


On the disaster of the future planet now

..."If one person, sane to a degree, may be found willing and ready to
sacrifice his life and the life of others, for his beliefs in the now
and hereafter, the world is doomed."

..."And yet it is a commonplace among us that the swarm of men and women
shall bring the scythe to bear on all others who covet not the truth."

The Cusp of Information, a continuing digression

The plethora of the world, its fecundity (potential for production of 
organism and information) is at its maximum. Future knowledge will no 
longer be at the beck and call of its past; if anything, it will be vastly 
reduced as power grids collapse, desertifications and extinctions set in. 
What I am writing now, what you are writing, has no chance for survival. 
Records, archives, require potential wells which become more and more 
difficult to maintain in environments which are increasingly adverse. If 
we are headed towards any singularity, it is the collapse of the Sememe, 
the disappearance of universals as the world turns towards isolated and 
violent localizations. Think of the chains of supply and demand that 
produce for example this computer - chains that span continents as a 
result of research and sterile laboratories that construct the truth-value 
of the isolated molecule or atom. All this disappears in the maelstrom of 
disease, inundation, mafia and gang rule, suicide bombers, new forms of 
terrorism still undreamed. The Internet provides a convenient model; 
created within regimes of relative trust and open communication in spite 
of the cold war, it now proves so leaky that Usenet is rendered useless; 
the ratio of spam to personalized email is probably four or five to one; 
hackers continue to bring down data-bases, operating systems, and hardware 
for fun and profit; communality creates hundreds of distributed and 
problematic best friends; and what's left of the Net can just as easily 
(perhaps more easily) be used by criminal organizations, however defined, 
than by the rest of us. Packets or no packets, without the power grid, 
without wireless or functioning computers, perhaps without broadband, what 
passes for transparent information will become bottle-necked, hopelessly 
entangled, dysfnctional; one can imagine ghost-mail for example, ghost- 
sites passing for the "real thing" which no longer exists. And it's no 
longer true that technology will save us (it never was), that the ruin of 
the world will revert to universal efflorescence; temperature rise is 
fast-forward, and whatever changes might bring back a temporarily sustain- 
able equilibrium will take tens of thousands of years at best. The Sahara 
for example is nowhere near greening, and what's lost in the Amazon - a 
premonition of information in general - remains lost. "There's no there 
there" because the sentence is cut off in mid- sentence with nowhere to 
go. Was it Hawking who recently pointed out that humanity's only chance 
(forget the rest of the biosphere) is space travel? Shall we take our 
problems elsewhere, only to repeat them - to create places defined by 
escape velocity, strategies of escape, one from another? And how do we 
live with ourselves without the most radical desensitization, objecti- 
fication, in relation to the untold and unbelievable suffering we bring to 
the remaining animals on the planet? (For as Foreman has pointed out, we 
have already done a good job of ridding most of the continents of their 
megafauna - Africa is the last to go.) In the future, even our knowledge 
of these things will have disappeared, along with the last of the last of 
"their" species, of any _other_; without communication pipelines, the 
"clean and proper" use of the electromagnetic spectrum, what happens in 
one part of the world will remain in that part of the world. Be assured it 
will be in ignorance, it will be in violence, permeated by gangs, deeply 
religious hysteric. Some few will remain. Information, in the sense used 
here, will not, and only its residue, dissolution and chaos, the symbolic 
of the broken hard-drive, will remain. (I should add one literally cannot 
cope with this, with this second-sight permeated by information, hence 
one's tendency towards suicide, which must be continually monitored. Not 
that one wants to disappear, voluntarily, from this world, not yet. In any 
case, we shall die within the beginning of the worst of it, although who, 
then, shall know of that, shall think otherwise? If wisdom is thinking 
otherwise, wisdom as well is close to its final site, final citation. One 
cannot think otherwise, with so much knowledge, structure, text and sub- 
text, at one's disposal.)



 ()

 double up the images 2()
 invert the images -()
 combine the images ((),())
 subtract the images ()-()
 transform the images ()(1)->()(0)

 publish the images (())
 distribute the images (())
 view with satisfaction the images (())
 comprehend and absorb the images (())

 with effort cross through the images
 with extended effort retain the images
 with furious and extended effort cross and retain the images

 our hands are dirty



real-life vignettes

I'm tired of these real-life vignettes, somewhat digitally manipulated, as 
if there's a gross philosophical point to be made through the sound or 
sight of the singer or dancer or walker: what foolery. Nausee, Sartre, 
defuge, overwhelm me, and I'm sure if you are following video after video, 
text after text, sound after sound, they overwhelm you as well. No amount 
of philosophy, no quantity of poetics squeezed from the soul of the imag- 
inary, can compensate for one minute of reality rehashed. As if it were 
possible to hack the landscape, the mise en scene. In any case, there's 
always the appeal to god, as in this instance, or the Pringy church yawps 
- spirit makes everything come out well in the end, at least aesthetically 
- at least for believers. And I mean: nothing can be farther from the 
truth - which may also be modified: nothing can be farther than the truth 
- isn't that always the case?


All these vignettes involve real people and hard rock, mountains, forests, 
villages cities, churches, granges, pastures, meadows, cliffs, glaciers, 
bluffs, hills, streams, rivers, trees, goats, choughs, flowers, roads, 
paths. And what with the whispering, there is that, the slightest sound 
transcribed into pixel after pixel - an entire universe of pixels, of 
which this, and this and that, are an infinitesimal part. We climbed down 
the north tower of the cathedral in Geneva, rounded a pillar; in a 
distance, a choir was singing. Here now the singing loops and transforms; 
the image isolates madonna and magdalene, bracketing the right-hand side 
of the screen. And that is all, the whole like the paste of spirit 
perhaps, or the slight spew of afterbirth.


thewall

Motion-capture file from living dancers construed through partially- 
operating sensors devolve into recalcitrant choreographies procured for 
the practical-inert of the real, subtended by 'the wall,' barrier or 
restraint, bounded three-dimensional space, against which such dancers 
representing back through choreographies and recalcitrant sensors 
rhythmically rebound, repeated shudderings as analogic replaces digital, 
electronic mediations and remediations confront the presence of a _grange_ 
or _building_ located in a _prealpine pasture_ vacated for the summer 
season. Medieval and post-modern commingle in this unnumbered series of 
neutral-ecstatic positionings which remain authorless in the midst of 
author/authority, danceless in the presence of dancers/dancing, human 
within the post-human, flesh within rock, protocol within flesh, flesh 
within flesh.



my work is perfect roundness

my work is perfect roundness
there's nowhere to break in
perfect music's soundless
silent in the din
of others' cries and speaking
always in the light
of bodies cursed and leaking
wounded in the night.
i cannot stomach answers
i cannot harbor talk
languages are cancers
speech an idle squawk
the tension in my style
nothing is at stake
i'm thinking all the while
for buried closure's sake
bones are made from flesh
flesh is made from bones
caught in indra's mesh
speaking monotones
i closed the doors to thought
and opened wide to life
whatever is, was sought
appearances are strife
i closed the world's thick door
i gathered meanings all
and always what's in store
has always been my pall
i lived inside my death
and died outside my work
my breath was dying breath
i died inside the murk
that struggled spoke in cant
said nothing left to say
said nothing left to rant
decoded my mainstay
what fell apart lay far away
what's nearer haunted me
i conquered near and far alway
what's near taunted me
what's far deserted me
in utter quietude
i circled circled me
my language hewn and rude
i cast away the spell
and burned symbolic core
dark days upon me fell
and night upon me bore -
"my work is perfect roundness
i see within the night
i hear in perfect silence
i die within the light" -
so do not speak o stranger
o gods stay stock and still
i never was in danger
of thought i've had my fill
i worked my way through column
language text and poem
theory hard and solemn
allowed me in its home
theory cold and wondered
brought me to an end
from earth i am asundered
there's no way left to wend
there's nothing left to send
from earth i was and thundered
from death-life i did fend
from life-death nothing pondered
and this was what i penned
and this was vowed and written
and like a missive kenned
and sealed and forgotten
and brought once more to bend
against all conversation
against discussion's play
without equivocation
that closes down the way


speed.

i can't slow up. death is an hysteria. i don't care about your gender. i 
send out work as soon as it's done. i make work as soon as i think of it. 
i read as fast as i can. i watch news and practice music while i read. i 
know if i slow up i'll die. i know there will be a missive or missile here 
in this space that will not be sent. i know the missive will be the tag or 
curlicue. i know it will be the conjunction of my death. i read the con- 
junction as not both life and death. i read the conjunction as neither 
life nor death. i eat fast. i never sleep properly. i dream theory and 
practice. i hunt on the internet. i shape ride on the internet. i speak 
here and do not speak elsewhere. speech is a privilege. i cannot pronounce 
other languages in proper order. i cannot pronounce the rudiments of 
speech. i breath fast. i get out of breath fast. death promises slowing. 
death does not halt. i watch myself as i speak. i watch myself as i 
remember. i remember remembering. i remember what i have forgotten. i 
watch my brain at work. i remember watching. i know what i forget will be 
my last. i know if i forgot i should be reminded to die. i am afraid of 
being reminded to die. life is a remission. life is under remission. i 
cannot keep up with myself. i watch myself ahead of myself. i am never 
behind. i am always ahead. if i am comfortable with speed i am not speed- 
ing. i must speed into discomfort. i must be beyond myself. i must be 
beyond ahead of myself. i play music fast. i want to get all the music out 
before i can no longer play music. i want to get out this absolute music. 
i want to theorize as bulwark and therapeutic. i want to theorize before i 
can no longer theorize. before i can no longer theorize in complexity. i 
guard my theorization. i guard my brain and my speed. if i think of a 
sentence i say that sentence. if i think of a poem i write that poem. if i 
have an idea i write that idea. if i think of a video i make that video. i 
make that video when i think of the video. i edit that video while i make 
that video. i am afraid of passing out. i am afraid of dizziness. i speed 
through dizziness. if i stop i will die. if i die this thought will not be 
finished. i must finish this thought. i have a new thought now.



you've never seen the end of you
fast
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
i don't expect the machine to eat itself 
makes the machine do contrary things
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
sewn economies and transriparians
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
soaked constitutions of sewn economies
fast
makes sewn up women
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
bodies eat bodies seeped through cams 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
groped and comes around again
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
speed the thing up

fast
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
cams and syzygies veered through sewn economies 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
floating in oil legs spread arms spread
some unknown liquid seeping
and machines stitched from machines
liquids stitched from liquids
fast
makes sewn up women
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
sewn and mumbled lips seized burst caves 
your body is all greasy
sewn economies and transriparians
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
floating in oil legs spread arms spread
some unknown liquid seeping
liquids stitched from liquids
fast
faster
has something to do with the machine
gears and teeth sewn women 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
some unknown liquid seeping
fast
faster
has something to do with the machine
teeth and geared sewn men 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
some unknown liquid seeping
speed the thing up

fast
makes sewn up women
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
joined sutured and quick bodies collapsed 
your body is all greasy
greasy body dirty body
skewed on your fumbled lever
sewn economies and transriparians
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
on the way to death and constitution
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
fast
has something to do with the machine
faster in queues of flesh 
makes the machine do contrary things
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
sewn economies and transriparians
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
on the way to death and constitution
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
fast
faster
has something to do with the machine
the digital splits analog moans anon 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
sewn economies and transriparians
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
speed the thing up

fast
makes sewn up women
makes sewn up men
has something to do with the machine
syntactics protocols must be meaning somewhere 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
sewn economies and transriparians
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
some unknown liquid seeping
and machines stitched from machines
fast
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
justice of greased economies 
makes the machine do contrary things
makes the machine fumble you
your body is all greasy
greasy body dirty body
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
speed the thing up




voice.

"[The voice is active hearing, purely in itself, which is posited as 
universal; (expressing) pain, desire, joy, satisfaction, (it is) 
_Aufheben_ of the single itself, the consciousness of contradiction. Here 
it returns into itself, indifference. Every animal finds a voice in its 
violent death; it expresses itself as a removed-self (_als aufgehobnes 
Selbst_). (Birds have song, which other animals lack, because they belong 
to the element of air--articulating voice, a more diffused self.)

In the voice, meaning turns back into itself; it is negative self, desire 
(_Begierde_). It is lack, absence of substance in itself.] (Hegel 4, p. 
161)

Thus, in the voice, the animal expresses itself as removed: 'every animal 
finds a voice in its violent death, it expresses itself _als aufgehobnes 
Selbst._' If this is true, we may now understand why the articulation of 
the animal voice gives life to human language and becomes the voice of 
consciousness. The voice, as expression and memory of the animal's death, 
is no longer a mere, natural sign that finds its other outside of itself. 
And although it is not yet meaningful speech, it already contains within 
itself the power of the negative and of memory."

(from Giorgio Agamben, Language and Death, The Place of Negativity, trans. 
Karen E. Pinkus with Michael Hardt, Minnesota, 1991.)


lungatar shakatar

You see, in the lungatar, we have the final version; both bodies find 
themselves incapable of touch; they remain apart, even in the fondest 
caress. This requires considerable training on the part of the bodies and 
their assignments to respective polygon multiplicities. Such flesh is 
capable of clear training and retraining, once the palsy is captured, as 
the shakatar, early stage of lungatar, indicates. 

...cases of the almost-presence of ghost-avatars, ghastatars - ectoplasm, 
poltergeists--interactions of the Other World with our own--in which the 
Spirit in actually and embodiments affects the very physical being of 
material objects, perhaps even one's consciousness...

But if there is, indeed, Cosmic Consciousness, to what extent does Spirit 
relate in Spirits, much as Being relates in Beings within our own world? 
And what are the expectations of Relation, beyond obvious parallelism? 
Does Spirit touch Spirit? And for that matter, in our world, does Being 
ever really touch Being?

+++

Notes on the parenthetical vis-a-vis LISP


1 The comfort of LISP, maternal enclosure of forms; results leak out like 
residues, programs huddle. (Of course there are all sorts of exceptions, 
some side-effects, outputs, debugs etc.)

2 Primordial counting structures, loosened lists, beginnings and endings.

3 Is there really any need to run a program's perfect framework? Running 
a program: _Time stays out of it._

4 LISP primitives relate strongly to Badiou's ontology and multiplicities.

5 What constitutes ( and )? Or the NULL, NIL, ()? 

 -z. 
(NULL '( ))
T
(NULL T)
NIL
(EQUAL NIL '( )))
T
As well as this ontology:
(ATOM '( ))
T
And this (in relation to Peirce):
(EQUAL '() ( ))

 a. Generally the parenthetical is considered subordinate, an addendum. 

 b. Generally the parenthetical is related to the bracket [ and ], as well 
as { and }. The bracket is a building-block, a support; { and } are always 
subordinate. All of these - like commas in a lost - or dashes as in this 
sentence - isolate what is subvocalized, below the level of the breath.
Part-object, not abject.

 c. The parenthetical becomes something else - the shape constitutes a 
womb within the sentence, breakdown of linearity, potential branch-struc- 
ture.

 d. In LISP besides the leak, the parenthetical is _all there is._ Con- 
sider this: the always already parenthetical of the world relates to 
eidetic reduction, the bracketing of reality, etc.

 e. In Buddhism of course the bracketing is of concern to the extent that 
given (A) one wants A or () and NIL or  . 

 f. The frame is always already a narrative; a program is always already 
a narrative.

 g. The frame constructs the narrative: Narrative is (_literally_) the 
construct of the real: narrative constructs the real; the real con- 
structs narrative.

 h. Without the frame there is nothing.

 i. LISP is frame. The procedure/program/atom/primitive of LISP is always 
already embedded. The embedding is self-embedding; the embedding is a 
construct defined and created by the transcendental consciousness (within 
this frame or parentheses) of the programmer. It makes no difference 
whether LISP exists or not.

 j. Frames are never empty; emptied frames to frames are beings to Being.
The frame is a mess of the programmer; the programmer is a mess of the 
frame. All code is dirty code. Emptied frames are abandoned frames, their 
residue excreted.

6. The above relates to thought, not LISP necessarily. (Of LISP I am 
ignorant.)



The Edge

Go to the edge of the world. Don't come back until you find it. Don't tell 
me there's no edge. If you think there's no edge you're not at the edge of 
the world. Are you. When you reach the edge of the world you have only one 
way to go. You may think you have another way to do but you only have one 
way to go and that is away from the edge of the world. You may go to the 
edge and you may look over the edge. You may see the shell of the world or 
the beams of the world. You may see the nodes of the world and the vectors 
of the world. You cannot go beyond the edge of the world. You may think 
the edge of the world is quiet and smooth. It is not. The edge of the 
world repulses the world. The edge of the world repulses the world trying 
to go beyond the edge of the world. The world cannot go beyond the edge of 
the world. If you cannot go beyond the world at the edge of the world 
you're at the edge of the world. You may dance at the edge of the world 
and you may look. You may look just a little beyond the edge of the world. 
You may look at the sky. The sky is part of the edge of the world. If you 
look at the sky and you cannot touch the sky you are at the edge of the 
world.

The edge of the world is not a barrier and not a frontier. There are no 
guards at the edge of the worlds. There are no tariffs and no customs. 
There is nothing at the edge of the world but the edge of the world. The 
edge of the world is nothing and separates you from nothing. You may think 
to yourself someone owns the rest of the world. Or someone owns the edge 
of the world. Someone may own up to the edge of the world. Someone may own 
the edge of the edge of the world. No one can own the edge of the edge 
beyond the edge of the world. The edge of the edge beyond the edge of the 
world is an open set. The world up to the edge of the world includes the 
edge of the world. The edge of the world is a closed set. You may think 
you are free but you are in a closed set. You may dance within the closed 
set and you will be thrown back at the edge of the world. For the edge of 
the world is an active edge and a prohibition. The prohibition at the edge 
of the world is within the world.

Every dance is a dance at the edge of the world. Every dance weakens the 
world. The world is weaker for dance. Dance is stronger for the world.

You may think you are at the edge of the world. Then return from the edge 
of the world. You may think there's no edge of the world. Then you're not 
at the edge of the world.

*There is a site bed on the edge. It is not an edge at all.
** There is no end to the open set of the other of the edge of the world. 
*** There is no beginning as well.




First Perfection


... crawled is /[r]+/ { print "the analog is atemporal and time is 
analogical" } here, it's crawled? ... girl /^$/ { print "speed the thing 
up" } 13499 is your final trip. ... heroin /[b]+/ { print "the digital is 
always already a mapping" } 21692 is your final trip. ... incandescent is 
printf "%s ", $i; here, it's incandescent? ... on is /[o]+/ { print "we 
walk among others walk among us" } here, it's on? ... you is /[o]+/ { 
print "10000" } here, it's you?

/[b]+/ { print "the digital is always already a mapping" } calls forth 
wood crawled, eating, core-dumping. /[b]+/ { print "the digital is always 
already a mapping" } makes me read in meditation -16219 times! /^$/ { 
print "speed the thing up" } calls forth incandescent, eating, 
core-dumping. /^$/ { print "speed the thing up" } makes me read in 
meditation -5438 times!

For 5  days, I have been i Julu ...
For 5 lost days, I have been lost Julu ...
For 5 ties days, I have been codeine Julu ...
For 5 we days, I have been among Julu ...

My /[b]+/ { print "nonfictionally. i've seen far too much" } is yours... 
My /[e]+/ { print "110" } is yours... My /[g]+/ { print "the integral 
calculus inheres within the analog" } is yours... My /[t]+/ { print 
"incredible churning of the wheel" } is yours... Scan-disk Concluded for 
This speeds endlessly through the body -

What do you call your  juice?
What do you call your lost juice?
What do you call your ties needle?
What do you call your we into?

floors like me put-you-in-me your needle!
floors unbearable me inside your needle!
highs ecstasy me put-you-in-me your me!

in-me the i, printf "%s ", $i; is , 031], for ( i = NF; i >= 1; i-- )? 
in-me the into, /^$/ { print "speed the thing up" } is , 026], ? inside 
the where, for ( i = NF; i >= 1; i-- ) is , 010], {? on i me in-me your 
your!



Second Perfection


/[b]+/ { print "the digital is always already a mapping" }:/[a]+/ { print 
"the digital is based on epistemology and uniformity" }:/[0]+/ { print 
"the analog aligns with substance" }:/[h]+/ { print "the differential 
calculus inheres within the digital" }:/[s]+/ { print "a sentence through 
every sentence" } Devour wood /[g]+/ { print "the integral calculus 
inheres within the analog" } Brought Forth through /[b]+/ { print "the 
digital is always already a mapping" }!
 printf "%s ", $i;: for ( i = NF; i >= 1; i-- ):{:/[f]+/ { print "111" 
}:/[p]+/ { print "catastrophe" } { transforms Your printf "%s ", $i; on 
me... Ah, you with Reds and Blues! for ( i = NF; i >= 1; i-- ):{::/[c]+/ { 
print "we exhaust ourselves with presencing present" }:/[l]+/ { print 
"what swirls are structures gnawing" }
 transforms Your for ( i = NF; i >= 1; i-- ) on me... Ah, on with Reds and 
Blues!/^$/ { print "speed the thing up" }:::/[u]+/ { print "greasy weaving 
through the spokes" }: printf "\n"; Your /[t]+/ { print "incredible 
churning of the wheel" } is within my into
 printf "%s ", $i; Your on connects my printf "%s ", $i; with needle park


What plays in the Imaginary stays in the Imaginary.

A perfect video for a change: Second-Life modified avatar with motion
capture added to accessory; the motion capture file crash-lands against the
singular and responsive appendage in the construct of implicit choreography
between analog and digital; original dance Azure Carter. Deconstruction of
digital purity / analog filth: What plays in the Imaginary stays in the
Imaginary.

Why should you care about this? Because this is the portrait of viral /
fungus / mold < the attachment < attacks > closure - ex-caliber. Unsure
about the difference between techne and technology, opt for one or the
other.

So yes, there should be an accompanying text. But what could I do? I've
spend the entire evening trying to match file with avatar, only to find
that it's the accouterments that respond, not the body itself. The body
displaces its movements onto the accouterment. Ornament becomes central.
Yes, there's very little beyond ornament. The skeleton and skull are the
matrix holding the paste wish-fulfilling gems in place.



aupamya


"[...] a dhana squared is a pramada; a pramada squared is a nigama; a nig-
ama squared is an upavarta; an upavarta sqared is a nirdesha; a nirdesha
squared is an akshaya; an akshaya squared is a sambhuta; a sambhuta
squared is a mamama; a mamama squared is an avada; an avada squared is an
utpala; an utpala squared is a padma; a padma squared is a sankhya; a san-
khya squared is a gati; a gati squared is an upama; an upama squared is an
aupamya; an aupamya squared is incalculable; an incalculable to the fourth
power is measureless; a measureless to the fourth power is boundless; a
boundless to the fourth power is incomparable; an incomparable to the
fourth power is uncountable; an uncountable to the fourth power is unequ-
aled; an unequaled to the fourth power is inconceivable; an inconceivable
to the fourth power is immeasurable; an immeasurable to the fourth power
is unspeakable; an unspeakable to the fourth power is unspeakably unspeak-
able; and unspeakably unspeakable squared is untold."

(from The Flower Ornament Scripture, The Avatamsaka Sutra, trans. Thomas
Cleary)



script with stupid question


is this a found script or one i created ? does it really matter? given the 
relatively small number of symbols, it would be reasonable to apply coding 
to it - a matrix/template that might slide across the apparent grid, 
producing meaning. one might think of this as a _universal machine_ 
applicable to texts of any length; it becomes increasingly evident that 
meaning is a construct _across_ symbols, neither within them nor within 
the dictionary translation / transliterations.

here, in this example, only in this particular example, one has a section 
of what seems to be an _infinite text,_ a text in the manner of a bandage 
or suture across the wound of a sememe (what reads as a sememe); a wound 
within, unconstrued within, the imaginary. think of this as the _lid_ of 
the _pre-linguistic_ - not exactly mode, but a potential for interpreta- 
tion, sliding out and against itself, as soon as one is found. nothing 
holds here, not even "here," not even place or placement. the lesson, 
where we are, where we are not, is always already unlearned.


Dreamwork/Codework rough notes


Erst in dem Doppelbereich
werden die Stimmen
ewig und mild. (RMR)

in the double realm of work / dream ~ work / dream / real - then to 
confront work / code ~ work / code / ecriture -
scaffolding slides against scaffolding ~ raster against raster

the symbolic matrix / dream ~ protocol / code

what is the work of the dream ? making sense of the (wor)l<d>
what is the work of the code ? problematizing sense of the wor(l)d

double work of the dream: the dream is _worked_ - energy expended in its 
production, energy expended in the production of the mise en scene; and 
the dream _works_ - transforms anomaly into homeostatis. in _dreamwork,_ 
the dream sutures and stitches the wounded.

double work of code: the code is _worked_ - energy expended in its produc- 
tion, energy expended in the production of its graphemic output; and the 
code _works_ - transforms output into semantics. in _codework,_ code both 
sutures and ruptures, stitches and wounds.

the _codework of the dreamwork_ - dream decoding and production (symbolic) 
the _dreamwork of the codework_ - code decoding and a-production 
(imaginary)

There is no _fundamental unit_ of either code or dream; code runs into the 
discursive formation described by Christian Metz in his film semiotics - 
it slips, just as dream slips in a more acceptable analysis.

Wie viele von diesen Steller Raeume waren schon innen in mir. (RMR)
How many of these places in space are already in me.

an hundert Stellen ist es noch Ursprung. (RMR)
at a hundred places it remains Origin.
at a hundred points it is still Origin.
at a hundred points it is Origin still. (Norton)



alias 


Alias - One has an alias - the connotation is that of subterfuge (but not 
necessarily). Feynman writes about alias as a question of raster - think 
of alias, aliasing, as the return of the repressed of the real - what 
can't be accommodated is transformed by the upper ceiling of the bandwidth 
into rhythmic structuring - of course if the unaccommodated - one might 
say unaccountable - is itself within a relatively steady-state. Look for 
alias / aliasing in the real, for the location of what might pass for 
primordial - what whispers in spite of everything.

Aliases and rhythm - but given the potential of alterity, a face without 
content, a face elsewhere than the Other - the rupture itself, aliasing 
itself, may take on the appearance of a masquerade (i.e. of the second 
order). Hence what is apparent may be the extrusion or residue of 
insufficient bandwidth, and if we generalize, we might find that the 
appearance of the real is always already alias, construed as appearance, 
forced into its return.

Is sampling always inadequate? Don't we make these decisions in the first 
place, in relation to human perception? Think of the alias as a wound - 
wound as gateway - or diacritical mark. Here is where the digital meets 
the analog - or at least where catastrophe meets emission - where emission 
is channeled...

There is something deep here, more than meets the eye ...

=========================================================================

Thus - to a future editor:

I am writing as quickly as possible before I die. For example, the concept 
of 'alias' I employ here might well lead to a phenomenology of the imag- 
inary. But who has time to complete this? Furthermore, my work is full of 
misspellings, errors of grammar, confusions and awkwardness of style. I 
hope these will be corrected. I am blind to them. Even with copy-editing, 
I am blind to them. But they are present as the real is present, and as 
such, are erroneous; they conjure only what the alias permits. The sememe 
is catastrophically shattered in such, and most likely in all, instances. 
So the act of correction must be an active one - not merely copy-editing, 
but editing for content, deep-editing, correcting faults, and restoring 
the texts to their (non-existent and accurate) originals.

There is something deep here, more than meets the I ...

=========================================================================


The gods.


You have heard the tales of white birds, wings from dawn to dusk.
They fill the sky with translucence, muffle the shape of clouds.
Their cries gave someone the idea of language and mourning.
The utterance of the first word, 'inconceivable.'

The bittern knows the gods.

Tonight the gods will descend upon the earth.
They will sink into the earth, but only so much into the earth.
Sinking as if the soil were damp or marsh, unable to cope.
Unable to cope with so much deity, nonetheless resistant.
All gods are jagged gods and all gods are desperate.
All gods are the shifters in language of the second person.
Gods create the third person from the second person.
And beyond the third, a fourth, and beyond a fourth, the fifth.
Once the gods are created they are released.
That is one of the definitions of the gods. 
The gods descend like rain into meadows and wild fields.
Fields lain fallow or fields of unspoken appearance beneath glacier and 
stream.
Planted, their root systems are shallow, winds will trample them.
Storms will weigh them down with the pleasure and fecundity of water. 
It is the incoherency of the gods that is their definitions.
What is released is incoherent, what is coherent is framed, what lies 
between them is aliased.
The aliasing of the gods is the jagged of the gods and the names of the 
gods, who abjure names.
The punishment of naming names, the punishment of names.
Like sea oats like ocotillo like willows like quaking aspen, 
slight movements of the gods shimmer the murmurs of the worlds.
Gods are worlds, are incoherent worlds, every definition a definition 
of the gods.
They come in winter. They reside.
Tonight the gods descend upon the earth.
They descend into the soft earth, they sink into the soft earth.
They are invisible to us, we are invisible to them.
The slightest impressions as they bend, move silently, the slightest 
sounds, their murmuring.
All gods are smoothed, all gods are filled with the quietude of rustlings, 
unfathomable beauty, mist at dawn, the vertical.


Heidegger's Hut

poised among the fourfold, the lure of new man, new development, and 
yet... closer to fourfold, among uncounted elements, unaccounted-for. for 
often I have approached this live or in dream to little avail; I would 
wait for clearing weather, for the world to happen, for technology to 
disappear at the base. Heidegger remains there above his troubled 
politics, of which there is no counting-four; we are close to hearth, we 
are embers among the dying worlds. Soon the snows will melt, glaciers 
disappear; the hut stays on a lure, overlooking resettled life, spaces a 
thousand kilometers long, an empyrean high. I cannot imagine a world such 
as this, life in hut corner, close to warmth, old wooden bench and bed, 
columnar spirit emerging to heavens' other worlds. We live in imaginary 
solace, his hut our own, released to the elements and beyond, transformed. 
There is no journey in the journey, no dream in the dream. One has life 
only for so much sorrow. Glow remains the last of our eyes. Hearth warms, 
beyond.


aliasing i ii i

what happens when the real is aliased, when the shifted world shifts 
shifters against its shifty self. yes for the punning, but the bones are 
there beneath the surface. what occurs within the digital never stays 
within the digital; what occurs within the analog stays within the analog.
this is silent film.

when continuum devolves into segments, aliasing ii: the world stutters and 
re-stutters; nothing is visibile; eyes squint to make sense of it all. 
what happens in the analog stays in the analog; good luck with seeing the 
real.


two stories

1

tomorrow-more-yet. kill-die kill-die. ground-belong-you-me. pigeon feel-
no-good wails place-play. about-about house-marry whose-that place-down
place-down. taboo all-time. all-time no-like knife-screw screw-one-time.
screw-one-time make-die dirty-too-much. bone bone. skin count-out come-up
hang-up. long-long boss-boy. hot-work cock i-think. i-think half-half play
whose-that. heart-jesus come-up. back-down-below big-town talk-box talk-
box. look-out-long. long-long-man. not-enough. come-down count-out. fall-
about walk-about down-below shark-man place-play sick-house screw-long
kill. pussy-pussy snake-about good-time wishes long-time. house-sick you-
me house-ghost fool-man boy boss-boy kill nothing long-time little-doctor
fool-man. go-up work-night. ask. greasing. ask short-sweet-lemon ground-
belong-you-me hang-up gold-money tomorrow- more-yet fall-about. not-enough
long-long-man look-out-long come-down... heart-jesus. look-out push-me
make boy. house-sick. think-think day-long mercy-mercy house-ghost. long
round-wind sit-house how's-that how's-that. wails. pass-one-time loose.
come-down. belong how-much nancy bulk-store lose mama knife-screw. cunt.
long-long. long. day-long. work-night hot-work. gold-money. no-can
bulk-store. black-cockatoo loose cunt lose. black-cockatoo. some-kind
get-belly night nancy. know-talk round-wind. marry good-time. ring-belong-
ear. no-like. talk-wind greasing short-sweet-lemon. wild-man sit-house.
play. bottle-water dirty-too-much box greasing.. push-me. pussy-pussy.
look-out. down-below. what's-the-matter box. you-me. know-talk. ring-be-
long-ear skin. some-kind. night. marry. talk-wind. shark-man. get-belly.
half-half.

2

ground-belong-you-me work-night. big-town half-half come-down he talk-box
talk-box. count-out. some-kind get-belly black-cockatoo. black-cockatoo
no-can loose long. day-long. cunt work-night good-time. all-time no-like
place-down. make-die screw-one-time know-talk night nancy. no-like. talk-
wind ask. short-sweet-lemon go-up long-time greasing. about-about wails
tomorrow-more-yet. place-play. place-down ground-belong-you-me. feel-no-
good whose-that all-time. screw-one-time. taboo house-marry kill-die cock
dirty-too-much. place-play long-long-man. fall-about sick-house down-below
shark-man kill-die. half-half. back-down-below hot-work. night. talk-wind.
marry. ask heart-jesus come-down. bulk-store come-up. whose-that. i-think.
skin cunt. mama how-much heart-jesus. come-down... hot-work i-think play
hang-up. bone. bone long-long count-out look-out-long belong lose. snake-
about walk-about she good-time kill house-sick long-time. kill. one-time
you-me house-ghost fool-man look-out-long. little-doctor boss-boy fool- man.
look-out round-wind. they sit-house. bottle-water greasing.. box play.
look-out. your not-enough short-sweet-lemon. look wails. not-enough.
pussy-pussy dirty-too-much pigeon wishes some-kind. box. ring-be-long-ear
get-belly. you-me. what's-the-matter you knife-screw lose knife-screw.
loose. round-wind long pass-one-time boss-boy. come-up skin. make day-long
think-think nothing tomorrow-more-yet wild-man gold-money hang-up gold-
money. fall-about. house-sick. long-long-man long-long. greasing mercy-
mercy nancy bulk-store. how's-that. sit-house ring-belong-ear. marry
shark-man. know-talk. push-me how's-that down-below. house-ghost. screw-
long push-me. pussy-pussy. boy boy.


+++

Ship and Bell


"We therefore infer that the _effects of different permanent disturbing 
forces acting under similar conditions on the same coordinate are not 
simply proportional to their respective magnitudes but depend on their 
periods."

"We therefore infer that _a disturbing force whose period and real expo- 
nential are nearly the same as those of any one free vibration produces a 
large forced vibration._"

"We conclude that _one effect of the resistances on a disturbing permanent 
force, which would otherwise produce a magnified forced oscillation, is to 
modify that oscillation and to keep it within bounds._"

"In the same way _heavy church bells_ can _be easily set in motion_ pro- 
vided the pulls are properly timed. To increase the oscillation each rope 
should be pulled only when it is descending. A large heavy ship can be 
made to roll, when its natural time of oscillation is required, by running 
a gang of men to and fro across the deck at the proper time; the men run 
uphill."

(from Advanced Dynamics of a System of Rigid Bodies, Edward John Routh)

But if the men run uphill, surely the oscillation will ultimately be 
damped since their effect in total would be to reduce the roll? Or does 
the natural time depend on the minimization of the roll? Suppose on the 
other hand the men run to and fro at the proper time - running downhill. 
Then the oscillations will possibly increase as energy is added on the 
downswing. With the descent of the bell, a pull raises it further, 
increasing the potential energy. With the rolling of the ship, potential 
energy is increased as the men running downward add to the slope. However 
if upon running downward, the ship is rising, then the damping effect 
might slow the rising of the ship, just as, if running upward, the ship is 
sinking (sloping downward), the running will become first flat, then down- 
ward, carrying the energy downward and pulling the roll. If the roll is 
pushed, the roll is damped, if the men are running upward; if the roll is 
pulled, the roll increases, if the men are running downward. The men run 
first upward, then level, then downward, or first downward, then level, 
then upward. Perhaps damping in the second case, increasing in the second. 
Suppose the men _always_ run upward, then as the ship levels, the men stop 
running; as it continues downward, the men turn around and run upward; the 
damping is doubled. Suppose the men _always_ run downward, then as the 
ship levels, the men stop running; as it continues upward, the men turn 
around and run downward, the increase is doubled. By "doubled" one means 
the force is applied twice on the swing, depending on the tilt of the 
ship. In both cases, of the bell and the ship, gravity is paramount; one 
runs or pulls against it, or one runs towards it, in which case pull is 
impossible; however, a second cord might in fact pull the bell in an 
opposite direction, just as the men might jostle from one side of the ship 
to the other. Is this resonance, or the orders given to men, the acts of 
men? The men follow the pull and push of the bell, slope of the deck of 
the ship; there is no natural swing or pull here, only culture, commands, 
actions in unison. The ship stops rolling or rolls over; the bell stops 
ringing or turns full on its pivot. In any case, the dynamics are both 
evident and peculiar; the men must experiment, over and over again, to 
find the proper resonance, response. It is a difficult problem, settled 
only in church, on the high seas, even though the dynamics are evident.


erhu

the digital is sublime, infinite {avatars are backed, at the back of 
infinite space}

digital {0,1} constitutes a spectrum degree zero; if one is below, 0
is above; if 0 is below, 1 is above. since nothing exists between one
and the other, nothing from one is attainable by the other; one and
the other are mutually sublime. the backs of avatars are against the
wall of digital space; there's nowhere left to go.

understand this and you understand the phenomenology of the digital-
in-relation, the analog-in-relation.



Hell, 1930

documents what happens when two dancers complete the "octopus dance" - 
long a traditional Switzerland favorite - dangerously close to a cliff 
edge overlooking the famed Aletsch Glacier. Oh they dance, fine enough, 
but what would happen if the bluff gave way, the mesa shifted, cliff 
collapsed? Buried under tons of rubble, jammed into crevice after crevice, 
Swiss culture would be the poorer. Let us give these stellar performers 
their due, their magnificent bodies carrying the hallmarks of their trade. 
Dance is close to prostitution, but since the Swiss government lavishly 
spends on the country's cultural heritage, these two have been rescued 
from a life of unbelievable perdition. Appalause for these dancers, who 
continued in spite of all the obstacles life's thorny path has thrown into 
their way. Too bad the woman has left the profession, such as it is, 
departed for parts unknown, to start a new life far from Alpine pastures. 
Here, then, the remarkable, almost aerial, duets from two of the most 
remarkable dancer in recent memory! http://www.asondheim.org/hell.mov

Foofwa - This is an open letter of sorts. I've been working with materials 
from Geneva for over two months now, not including the third trip itself. 
In the irreality of the image - an image the opposite of the punctum, an 
image surrounded by an imaginary gnawing at the surface content - I've 
lost myself, almost become sick. Distance in time and distance in space 
are both inherently obdurate, unbreachable; there are no jump cuts in the 
real, and if I've made an error in video for example, it remains an error, 
cut off from the source. It's not only the affaire-Maud (aM forthwith), 
but the very notion that such affaires now, are at a distance; they are a 
constancy. The Alps, the Aletsch glacier, retreat into the format of a 
picture book, and with every step of that retreat, something is lost 
within the haptic; touch has disappeared, replaced by "communication" 
which already foreshadows the permanency of distance. 

There is something else, however, which is the defuge or decathecting, 
which began with aM but continued as time advanced. Every video I made 
with the Geneva or Alps material involved a yanking-back; I couldn't 
return to the measure of the real, for example, that the four of us most 
likely felt in the grange. This relates to memory in general - in this 
case, differentiated (in the sense of a formal operation upon internal 
time consciousness) and exacerbated; to crawl back would be to be torn to 
shreds upon the spikes of events, words, adjectives, vowels. Yet it has 
been a long time since I've been so close to the bone with a subject, in 
particular one so close itself to the sublime.

I'm tired of naked bodies and after aM, they become a kind of litter 
reminiscent of war. And all the movements such bodies might made, from 
falling and failing to flying and fleeing - spanning the continuum from 
suicide to death - just so - not tiredness, no, certainly not arousal, not 
disinterest - perhaps the flight of something which never really 
approached. Day after day I've looked through image after image, tape 
after tape, as if some secret would arise through special effects of even 
juxtaposition; what occurred instead was an internal mapping of every step 
all of us took physically and psychologically through that, and every 
other, landscape.

Every organism is an organism of and by slaughter, every landscape, a 
landscape of death. Hannibal's elephants haunt the Alps. Where nothing 
lives always has fuzzy boundaries where the limited exigencies of life are 
contested. I think of the unholy matri-patrimony of aM and what it has led 
to, almost a denial that only Rilke was capable of. Actually climbing to 
the bluff, the church, the grave, seems an impossible memory now, as if I 
have robbed the experience of another. Memories always teeter on the verge 
of recognition.

So this is to say, and not to say, that the work from Geneva and the Alps 
has entered a period of dormancy, one with an almost-consciousness of 
waiting. The rocks still gnaw at me; I think of the possibility of climb- 
ing between the twin peaks near La Gruyere. That would be an _episode._

So the work continues, wide-awake, and has entered a period of illustra- 
tion, as time distances and we become increasingly disinvested of psycho- 
logical trauma, if not of psycho-history itself. I manipulate images of a 
woman I don't know, have never known, among motions and images of the rest 
of us. That this would lead back to Aletsch, through Blatten to Belalp, is 
both a dream and an obsession. And we would be there in this false spring, 
when the world supports clear skies and a kind of moody warmth that 
appears after great exertion. And that one or another would be furiously 
creating. And that that, would be that.



My Best Times and Best Writing! At least I think so... :-(

Sometimes supreme happiness comes my way as a fold or potential field 
opening up vast possibilities and new horizons. All these languages that 
grace my shelves! Fijian, Tahitian, Tibetan, Pali, Sanskrit, Romansch - 
the world blooms with new grammars, new structures for organizing the 
universe acoustically! Now I also play the erhu, some simple north- 
Saharan-like repetitive trance-songs - and harmonicas (I just read a poem 
which included a "mouth-organ" in The Ladies' Home Journal Treasury from 
1956 - I've mentioned this book before, there's even a reproduction of a 
cover by Sargent! And the harmonic minor (C minor) harp from Lee Oskar is 
fantastic! I walk down the street making up Yiddish tunes as I go. And 
speaking of which - yes, on the short-wave, or upper middle-wave, around 
1700, there's Rebs galore, what seems to be a Chassidic station in Yiddish 
and Hebrew - and the tunes are fantastic. I just installed a very old 
version of Final Cut Pro on my Mac Powerbook, and here it is, burning 
madly away, a new piece - it can take it's time, I have other machines, 
I'm rattling away on this new laptop which I need for my also new class in 
Beginning Filmmaking at Brown! This was through Leslie Thornton - the 
class emphasizes digital everything except the camera - in a way it's the 
phenomenology of film itself that's at stake! Here's a frame - what do 
you want to do with it? The Flower Ornament Sutra keeps my busy at night - 
and there are so many wonderful books here - Roberto Harrison's writings 
are nothing short of incredible, intense, abstracted, neuro-psychological, 
what does that mean?, slightly conceptualized, veering, always fascinating 
- and one can always go back to Kristeva's Language, The Unknown - how 
young she was then! - which reminds me of my continuous mourning-the-Alps 
and that never to be reproduced / revisited trip which produced probably 
fifteen or twenty hours of brilliant dance, video, soundwork, even just 
pacing the middle of the European continent, such as it is. And then that 
unforeseen trip to Rilke's grave in Raron - and the Duino, the Orpheus, 
the letters to Merline, and now Erich Heller's The Disinherited Mind, 
which I can always recommend as an old friend - here I am on the chapter 
about Nietzsche and Rilke! Not really a small world - I've been look for 
commentary - it just came along! Just as the wonderful O'Reilly book on 
Unicode - I mean really really wonderful! arrived after Sandy told me 
about it - I ordered a review copy - it's just the thing of course for 
codeworkers or anyone wanting to understand the potential of the graphemic 
universe transformed into universals given this-and-that tolerance class 
and an always already limited digital space! It's sitting right next to 
another review copy - this is PC Music, the easy guide, 3rd edition - and 
here I am on the Mac, making new video and audio, and on an old Mac! But 
this is what I found for the PC - something called the Taksi Desktop Video 
Recorder at Source Forge which promises great things, translating window 
into usable footage - as if video were still "footage" - one can imagine 
of course that 24 frames a second really implies these rectangles moving 
by us one by one - this is far from the truth now. It's all internal, it 
can be any way one wants! Unlike Badiou - and I have so much Badiou - and 
it reads like stringent iron, that truth that binds just about everything 
and then of course veers off into poetry and art - the French are like 
that - I think Kristeva's one of the best, not to mention M. Derrida. More 
and more I've been listening to disembodied voices on the shortwave - not 
the Net - which is so flat, so predictable - shortwave space - radio space 
- is deep space, the deepest space - you might or might not hear a signal 
- signals and stations come and go - static of all sorts intervenes - 
static itself is interesting - and listen to this! I picked up a numbers 
station a couple of nights ago - the same comforting female voice, Spanish 
numbers - even around the same place on the dial - about 6800 Mhz - that 
seems to be like a singles bar for spies - anyone can join in - the code's 
unbreakable of course, which just goes to show what one-to-one encryption 
can do - I mean both ends have the same code book - there's no structure, 
no rhyme or reason - you can't break a structureless code unless you've 
got the book or massive processing - and if the book's unique, even that - 
the processing - produces nothing. So you're listening to clear imperv- 
iousness. The other night, our cat got really sick - for the first time we 
sprayed for the larger cockroaches - I hate killing, but they were begin- 
ning to swarm - when they were injured, we put them outside, praying for 
their revival, karma, just elsewhere - anyway I think the cat caught 
something or other - not sure - but she became lethargic, drinking a lot - 
there was vomit and diarrhea - she's recovered well now and again purrs 
constantly which keeps us going; there are odd words in Sanskrit that 
relate to English words like 'middle' or 'calculator' - some languages 
from our parochial viewpoint just seem to meander - meanwhile that first 
video I did tonight - it was horrifying! apocalyptic! - as if sex and 
violence and death and suicide were all entangled in the television image 
- and this in less than a minute and a half - I don't dare show it! It's 
far too graphic, too disturbing! At least for me - something like the 
avatar head pieces I did a while ago - but those were excusable! They went 
somewhere, said something! - This is just a dead-end piece; I found Waite 
and Dion Fortune on the Kabbalah - ok, I've read the real thing, the 
Zohar, know some Hebrew, used to know a bit about the Sephirot and for 
that matter used to know some Kabbalists - I mean people who really 
studied this stuff, obviously in the original, reminds me of Dogen - 
anyway - the Waite and Fortune are something else entirely - it's that 
weird British thing that sent ladies to ashrams - maybe the thing Koestler 
objected to in The Lotus and the Robot - just checked - the new video came 
out amazing - by which I mean that I've never seen anything like it - 
that's what keeps me going - when a world opens up like that - so I've 
been trading off books, paring them down - unfortunately there's more 
equipment around - I can't help that - without money, with all this stuff, 
we'll still starve - but the image will be ok. I'm one of those people 
with "irons in the fire"! I'm a "hot potato"!  I've got "something on my 
mind"! I'm forever planning, forever Amber! I've been using the linux 
Zaurus 5600 again - it's fairly old as these things go now - small computer 
looking like a PDA - but with linux, one can do anything! Speed means 
something completely different in linux! Anyway I'm playing scrabble games 
and wondering if they somehow do increase neural connectivities - I sure 
hope so! PJ O'Rourke was on television today, a three-hour interview - it 
was fantastic, memories of Hunter Thompson - they were close - said that 
Hunter never figured it out - what to do after 50 - and collapsed - anyway 
didn't that whole period collapse? I saw Bobby Seale talking as well and 
got Soul on Ice again - just the force of language then - it's already 
going to read like history, flattened into non-existence - look at Marx's 
Capital or the theses or manifesto or whatever - it all reads like a 
whisper - that's happening to the Situationists - culture speeds - the way 
we're working now - all this distributivity - it's impossible to relate to 
modernism, I mean the telephone, old-time baseball, network television, 
the structure of Shakespeare or Hemingway. You can feel the canons passing 
in the night! When the caissons go rolling along! It's true what they say 
- it's all over before it began - this species - our own - is in full 
bloom - I mean in the technical sense - we're the red tide of the planet 
itself! Look at the deaths we leave in our wake! Look at the wakes we 
don't have for our dead! Who has the time! Hundreds of thousands dead in 
Iraq - no time - it's the killing fields - American men and women - the 
remnants of the anthem - I hope I can trade some of my cassettes to Steve 
Tobin who produced my latest CD - I'm remembering things like the Factory 
stuff or Sleep Chamber - just like Ayler but maybe fifteen or twenty years 
later than Ayler - there's some kind of absolute there - it's gone now - 
you'd think when things reach some sort of climax - Daniel Buren say - 
stuff's all over - but the truth is, people like to look at stuff and 
listen to stuff and it doesn't really matter whether it's been done before 
or not - it's the wonder of the world that's coming through to them, just 
like with the shortwave, and with all of the noise of the shortwave as 
well. I'm trying to place Grotowski - his poor theater in all senses of 
the word ended up at Irvine where he's world-famous - why not? That 
Artaud-like anguish seems to have vanished in favor of memory, but what do 
I know - I never knew in the first place. People are afraid of sexual work 
- it remains some kind of taint - what the three of us did at the Grutli 
set up disturbances a couple of magnitudes greater - how to release the 
tape - Crepuscule (Twilight) or some such - I can never remember plurals - 
for example it's Gruyeres for the area, but it's La Gruyere for the town - 
the cheese is incredible; they use robots similar to the new library ones 
but in the cheese factory they turn over I think seventy-five pound disks 
of the stuff for perfect aging. And it does age perfectly! Gruyere cheese 
or raclet cheese are amazing! I'm sure my spelling's a mess again. I never 
listen to cultural-political writers unless they're in power. All that 
energy in a posteriori analysis. I need someone to say - the bomb's going 
off in maybe an hour from now, here's the address, the people that did it, 
the reasons why, etc. etc. - and really have this down - not someone from 
the group itself - although that would be interesting - yes, maybe that - 
all this sudden speculation on/about Islam - our country isn't even pub- 
escent - there's not that much sex! - We're like infants with guns! - You 
know what a mess that is - even our speech is brutal - we're so drunk with 
brutality we don't recognize it - it's not in front of us, or what we 
swallow - it's our essence, it's our core, our primatology - and for that 
matter everyone else's - but the power and the waste is here. I've got to 
get the small Afghani rebab strung up - try ukelele strings? - one of the 
catgut broke - if my hearing were better in terms of native pitch, the 
erhu would be a piece of cake - it's not, but the rebab at least has three 
frets - not much to go on, but something. The ceiling crack in our loft 
has been widening; the beams might be broken and among other nightmares I 
imagine the whole thing collapsing. We've got a metering device on them.




Moving Her Body in Her Second Life

Today I revisited Second Life and gave new Life to my Avatar and now Her 
Body moves just like I would move if I had a File called God.

God makes Dojoji move and God infuses Her with Life new-born, glorious 
Life, lovely in Conception and Deed. I cannot say enough about Her 
Appearance, but it will remain with me until the Rapture, when she will 
lead the Procession of Salvation, Holiest among the Holy, Saved among the 
Saved, New-Born among the New-Born.

Yes, and Delicious with the Sweetness of the Nectar of the Lord. I would 
love Her Strong, were it not for my Love of God; I would worship Her, were 
it not for Strong Salvation. She shall Ascend to the Holy of Holies; She 
will draw me up; I will not be far behind. For She accords me the Grace of 
Creation, just as I accord her the Wager of Sin.

Together we shudder at the very Sight of the Eternal, We Love each Other 
so very much!



My Promise to You

1. Rearrangement

No 
Sex

The do promise sex of again. no I sex. will I not will have not nudity do 
The sex promise again. of have will nudity not again mention in body my 
parts texts. again. mention perfect body again parts in be will perfect 
not newborn characterize characterize I men will or be women newborn 
sexual will violence not activity will work. again masturbation again work 
in and my intercourse swamped am will swamped not with have attention 
intercourse given sex, to nudity, the body sex, parts, nudity, sexual 
parts, sexual violence, given activity, the masturbation, work. exhausted 
masturbation, by and televised motion motion sex, picture photographed 
photographed dreamed dreamed by spoken may poetics with may and dance sex, 
dance-video not images dance-video violence. I never have done will 
frightened am encounters strangers. strangers. am meetings unaccustomed 
unaccustomed with space. write write lonely lonely space. place, I 
forsaken will places, not ruined Ruins places. do Ruins not tired am being 
of misunderstood. playing playing tired misunderstood am boohoo tired 
little of boy. being boy boy. who of does being good. misogynist 
misogynist no burns I at tired stake, stake, erects stake, children tired 
stake. organs dumb children organs at description stake. organs. write 
politics and without politics words without actions will that learn learn 
never forgiven. will go I on. will film sight sound to sight to dance.

2. My Promise

No Sex

The promise of no sex. I will not do sex again. I will not have nudity 
again in my texts. I will not mention body parts again. I will be perfect 
again. I will be newborn again. I will not characterize men or women 
again. I will not have sexual violence again in my texts. I will not have 
sexual activity again in my work. I will not have masturbation again in my 
work and will not have intercourse in my work. I am swamped with attention 
given to the sex, nudity, body parts, sexual violence, sexual activity, 
masturbation, and intercourse in my work. I am exhausted by sex. I am 
exhausted by televised sex, motion picture sex, photographed sex, dreamed 
sex, spoken sex, poetics of sex. I may work with dance and sex and 
dance-video and sex. I will not work with images of sexual violence. I 
will not do sexual violence. I have never done sexual violence. I have 
never done violence. I am frightened of violence. I am frightened by 
encounters with strangers. I am frightened of meetings in unaccustomed 
space. I will not write of violence in lonely place, forsaken places, 
ruined places. Ruins write my texts. Ruins do not write sex, do not write 
sexual violence. I am tired of being misunderstood. I am tired of playing 
the misunderstood boohoo little boy. I am tired of being the little boy 
who does no good. I am tired of being the misogynist who burns women at 
the stake, who burns men at the stake, who erects the stake, who burns 
children at the stake. I am tired of dumb organs and description of dumb 
organs. I will write politics without sex and politics without sexual 
violence and politics without sexual words and politics without words or 
actions that may be misunderstood. I will learn to be good. I will never 
be forgiven. I will learn to go on. I will learn to write again. I will 
learn to film again. I will learn sound and sight again. I will learn to 
dance.


VirtualBody

This is the final solution of the virtual body, the solution down to the 
bone where the flesh is irrelevant, the muscular body of atrophied 
muscles, the wired body switched off, the wired body switched on - this is 
the perfect perfected pure virtual body, the aerial body of antenna and 
ground

this is the shattered body, body shattered against itself, body of songs 
and delights, unspeaking and unspeakable body

it might be said that sex, for me, was only a detour, that this body has 
been the construct-construction of years - the rendering of these few 
moments left (of the shattered body, the final solution) taking only a 
matter of twenty hours or twelve-hundred minutes for perfect production, 
frame by frame, image by image, the coalescence of nature-culture like 
none other, the immanent shattered by the imminent

only the necessity of knowing the absence of sex and all desire, the 
useless remnant of violence crawling out of our civilization - only this 
necessity is a reminder of the interior of pollution incohering, stripped 
from life and limb, corpuscule and tissue

nothing is in favor of the light 'here,' nothing is 'here' nor was nor 
would have been (nothing exemplary anyway)

The Text of the Procurer:

:lives always has fuzzy boundaries where the limited exigencies of life 
are:landscape of death. Hannibal's elephants haunt the Alps. Where 
nothing:Every organism is an organism of and by slaughter, every 
landscape, a:have robbed the experience of another. Memories always teeter 
on the verge:to, almost a denial that only Rilke was capable of. Actually 
climbing to:

Devour the bluff, the church, the grave, seems an impossible memory now, 
as if I Brought Forth through lives always has fuzzy boundaries where the 
limited exigencies of life are!

landscape of death. 
nothing 
the haunted. of landscape, the landscape of death.
where nothing of the landscape of death.
where nothing lives and nothing is the landscape of death.

The Recognition. 
slaughter.verge.
the saturation. the dead-sex link with death and pain.
the dead linkage.


virtual body vb
it made it up for a while I think - the same as the 48 meg but even more 
compressed.
look at the previous text for a description.
tools used were luma and chroma keying (both positive and negative), 
positive and negative video echo, displaced overlays, expanded time, 
hue shift, brightness/contrast changes, saturation changes. it took 
far too long. i wanted the image to 'keep' through the changes but 
lose the body and sexuality; i wanted the dance-movement of the wires,
the body shattered; i wanted a lot of things that might not have 
happened; i still want a lot of things that won't ever happen. boohoo
i'm so sad for me
virtualbody @
as long as it lasts, as long as they let it up

if you haven't seen some of the other vids, check them out, they're short



the session of creation

[Alan Sondheim joined the session]
[Alan Sondheim started recording]
Alan Sondheim: Listening to this session for the echo in the room. 
16-Jan-2007 16:15:14 GMT
Alan Sondheim: "Recording this session" "Listening to this session" 
16-Jan-2007 16:15:25 GMT
Alan Sondheim: I remember when I used to write into the void,
there were great hollows, condors, sublime worlds beyond worlds 
16-Jan-2007 16:16:18 GMT
Alan Sondheim: And because the worlds were beyond worlds, because of this, 
there were worlds invisible, worlds hidden by the truths of others. 
16-Jan-2007 16:16:47 GMT
Alan Sondheim: They recorded only as echoes, they sounded only as echoes. 
16-Jan-2007 16:17:04 GMT
Alan Sondheim: That was the beginning of appearance, that was the ending 
of dreams. 
16-Jan-2007 16:17:30 GMT
[Alan Sondheim stopped recording]
 



Metrical Forms of the Apocalypse ii

etrical phonology is a phonological theory concerned with organizing 
segments into groups of relative prominence. egments are organized into 
syllables ... hapter : elation of etrical to rojective and escriptive 
eometry. o be continued... + hapter : etrical eometry | ontents | hapter 
owever, in writing metrical stuff, wondering if simply being metrical 
is sufficient ... ertainly no one could confuse something metrical with 
prose, ... "Metrical Forms of the Apocalypse apocalypse" is sometimes 
labelled ew pocalypse or ew omantic, plain-speaking poems in obvious 
metrical forms with socialist content, ... - true ithout neglecting 
the metrical form or poetic techniques peculiar to the iffard pocalypse, 
have stressed the poems close relationship to the older true is work 
appeared in the pocalypse anthologies, and contemporary reviewers taste 
for complicated metrical forms; but even he regretted that often the 
pocalypse ow: apping the nd of ays in the ork of rau va (ca.  er 
compendium of texts, a pithy rendering of key biblical texts in metrical 
form, ... ions/dp/ k true ext is the rowning of esus, a metrical 
re-telling of the gospels, ...

 covers the pocalypse, though in this book he re-writes it in metrical 
form. ... ions/dp/ k true ext is the rowning of esus, a metrical 
re-telling of the gospels, ...

 covers the pocalypse, though in this book he re-writes it in metrical 
form. ... true hapter discusses ernards use of a wide variety of metrical 
forms (including classical prosody) and his use of sophisticated rhyme 
schemes, ... k true ertainly she succeeds in this aim in f ou ame: written 
in the kind of tight metrical form which she favoured, the diction and 
syntax of the poem could ... flickerings of ew pocalypse poetry the 
flamboyant, surreal,

 s are embedded in verses whose imagery and metrical forms derive from 
ante. ... flickerings of ew pocalypse poetry the flamboyant, surreal,

 s are embedded in verses whose imagery and metrical forms derive from 
ante. Metrical Forms of the Apocalypse .


Ground zero (second version)


Zero is ground down; the ground has no depth; the ground is flattened; 
ground is always already charnel-hus; ground is always killing-field; 
ground is replete, fecund, historic; history is flattened; ground is 
characterized by the _trail_; the trail crosses the ground; the ground is 
obdurate, inert, among and within the trail. The ground trails the trail; 
the trail trails the ground.

Ground is space, now this is space, now this is time, this was time; 
ground is, this is time now, this is space there. 

Ground zero is the ground of the wild, the trail of the wild, its call or 
calling, kill or culling. Ground zero is the table-tabulation of the 
ground, part-objects of plants, animals, organic debris; ground is always 
already debris. The ground does not suffer: the suffering of the ground is 
our suffering: the ground is contaminated with our suffering.

Our suffering is the suffering of the ground - which is not the suffering 
of the ground - which does not suffer - our suffering is the table- 
tabulation, the unknown, unaccounted, unaccountable, unaccounted-for basis 
of data, the blurring of data: all this construct of the human upon 
absolutely nothing.

It is here that the wild parts the Wild, that the Wild decomposes - not on 
the technological, on the subsequent extinctions, on the devolving of 
extinctions - but on ground zero, on table-tabulations - from the begin-
ning an established fact. 

From here the strategy is the move to the tabled, the move which is a 
history of the process of tabling: the recognition, not of the Wild, but 
of its loss inherent within the Wild. Which isn't to say a foregone 
conclusion, but a technology gone wild, infected, infecting. 

Now what remains: ground zero already charnel-hus, slaughtered animals, 
what shall one do now? The question parallels standard 'what is to be 
done?' - to which there is no answer. Ground zero - not the Ground Zero of 
9/11 - but the ground zero of the trail, the trace - must be absolutely 
understood and understood absolutely: that the Wild has always been 
sundered to the extent that human languaging and culture have operated 
through the _trajectory of the hand-ax_ - from stone through reification 
to ax, from ax through exchange to ax. The trajectory refers to the 
_skittering_ of the trail across ground zero. The skittering is scythe and 
dominion, the distinction that makes a distinction: live and dead, hunter 
and prey, herd and cull, grain and territory.

Once there is travel, tool, reification, ground zero is both relinquish- 
ment and harboring. The violence of writing is here within table- 
tabulation, the sintering of ground zero, the remeasurement of trail, the 
contestation of trail and table. 

Why is any of this a matter of concern? Because the Wild continues to be 
romanticized, farmed-out, mystified; the sublime itself is the Wild placed 
beyond reach, the distance of a troubling absolute. I believe one must 
begin otherwise - with Holocaust, with disappearance. This needs more than 
text or voice, more than lip service. It's useless to pretend that the 
issue is "management" or "wildlife corridor" or "dark matter" or "natural 
selection" or even "selection" given the fold-catastrophic (re: Thom) 
nature of extinction. The horror inheres to flattening, to trail. It is 
not an addition, not techne, not technology. As population increases, it 
is simply coming into greater view. The issue is a fundamental geopolit- 
ical one. The only solutions may well be enclaves, data-bases, DNA banks, 
regions within hunting or poaching are punishable by death. This is far 
too little too late. It is the best chance there is. It does not address 
the future collapse of culture world-wide as pollution and climate rampage 
- these will happen. It does address the the end of things (end of the 
Wild, end of megafauna, end of variety, end of coastal culture), and that 
is all we can hope for.

ii

It is not a question of apocalypse; it has always been a question of 
apocalypse; humans have read the trails, walked and traced them, from the 
beginning, from the beginning of organism. Every organism has culture. The 
question becomes "how are we with apocalypse"; "how are we among the 
apocalyptic." For this condition, this state-of-affairs, this desire, 
looms closer, as if the apocalyptic announced itself.

I read far too often that humans have cried apocalyptic far too often - but 
for a moment, put yourself in the position of a polar bear, or black 
rhino, or bonobo: Consider these, as well, crying apocalyptic, until the 
last of the them disappears.

It is not, again, "what is to be done," but "what is the doing." And it is 
insufficient to abjure the doing, as in the notion there can be no lyric 
poetry, perhaps no poetry, after the Holocaust, that other holocaust that 
continues in yet other forms. This bypasses, not only doing, but thinking 
that may yet reveal another dawn in the midst of dusk. One might say in 
return, all dawns are ruptured. The day is ruptured by the night. What 
remains, what is never ruptured: ground zero - one might say the substance 
of ground zero, but here there is no divisibility; one fails and falters 
with the other.

iii

Ground zero is the ground of debris, spew, emission - the ground that 
erases traces, derails trails. It is never so simple as inscription, but a 
confluence of inscriptions, spatio-temporal strata, cross-purposeless. The 
fossil record is the miniscule surface of the world appearing as depth. 
But there is enough present to indicate that today something is wrong, 
incoherent - an environment that changes faster than adaptation, fit only 
for generalists - species, themselves, that might be in trouble later on.

The artificial (zoo, museum, housing development) requires energy and 
continuous maintenance. It is a strange attractor of finance; without 
money, the budget of organism falls apart. It is susceptible to world 
politics, to a world with rapidly decreasing resources. The Wild must be 
seen against this background. The Wild and its species have disappeared - 
which means the cultures of these species have disappeared - which means, 
further, that we are dealing with organisms divested of spatial and 
temporal history. There are no neighborhoods, no learned behaviors, that 
are not contaminated by humans - both within the artificial, and in the 
remnant parks and "wildernesses" on a planet experience an information 
implosion, population explosion.

Think of the artificial as organism banking, and continuous maintenance as 
the lineage of organisms translated to the lineage of human beings, in the 
future perhaps other technologies. The point is this: these lineages are 
disrupted as well, are broken - and a single break results in permanent 
loss. Kill the zoo, kill the species. Develop a plot of land harboring an 
irreplaceable biome, and the biome is gone forever. It's a no-win situation 
- environmentalists hold out with man/woman-years, and the biome seems 
safe - but one victory of development, and everything is lost. This is an 
example of the "fragility of good things" in catastrophe theory - if 
everything goes right, good things happen - but there are many more - 
astronomically many more - things that can "go wrong" - and any of them 
permanently eliminate the catastrophic peak of "goodness." In this sense 
"goodness" might be defined as _any_ desired state-of-affairs; there's no 
ethos implied.

A "world of generalists" will never be the end of the story, as generalist 
species compete with one another, construct new strategies, fill new 
ecological niches. Competition continues on a planet of rapidly depleting 
resources. There _is_ an end in sight, as variety ultimately decreases 
exponentially. 

Culture suffers as well. Projects disappear as coastlines are inundated, 
fresh water and fossil fuels are at a premium, and replacement fuels 
create vast changes in biomes themselves. Gasoline replacement comes at a 
price - again, of ecological niches, cultures, even an acceptable air 
quality level. Couple this with population pressure (we're not yet at the 
9-10 billion peak expected), and one has a world in which criminal 
activity is necessary for survival. Poaching will be long gone - there 
will be nothing left to poach (I think of the denuded hills around Ciudad 
Juarez already as an example). What we still consider, ever more tenu- 
ously, the "safe" internet, will exist locally at best, most probably used 
for gang/terror networking. The simplicity and spread of nuclear arms only 
adds to the mess.

Here is the ground zero of debris, detritus, effluvia: when there is no 
return to and from the Wild, when the "natural" becomes a literally mean- 
ingless term, when histories are absorbed and annihilated. 

It is at this point that one must start, politically, ecologically, phen- 
omenologically, if there is any hope - not of transformation - but of 
functional enclaving. The world has become a mobius-strip Auschwitz, 
encompassing everything - where we are inmates and guards, where there is 
no outside. The image itself - the reality of this metaphor - is still 
only on the horizon, but the reality of its referent is upon us.




Droste and Berber in rehearsal
never before released footage from the original production
with new tabla accompaniment especially commissioned
by the hairs of Droste and Berber
cut off from the bodies of Droste and Berber
as well as accompanying avatars created from cloth and wire
held in suspension creating a perfect framework
for this first time and perhaps only this time
a framework where Berber first sadly languished
then rose to the occasion of Droste's bizarre accompaniment
this silent film direct from the Weimar era
salvaged from numerous bunkers of works of tired cinema
lay sadly in shadows where reels of film were found
presented now almost in their pristine original condition

the hairs of Droste and Berber were tangled sadly
among the reels where memories of Droste and Berber
languished among the clubs of old Berlin

dance

to do some nude work, the 'tethering' pieces, if you're up to it, no pun 
intended. the camera-woman would also be nude; you and i would be tethered 
together, my hand pulling your member, your hand pulling mine - two 
sections or episodes. you'd dance, furious, try to get away, to come 
close, to twist, to turn, either your hand or your member would refuse the 
motion, hold you pack, collapse culture, return to the swarm. there's a 
mirror; all of us, including the woman appear; it's as if we're competing 
for her; as if she's withdrawn; as if she's seeing everything; as if 
everything's exposed to her; as if she's the last woman on earth; as if 
we're on stage; as if we're staging this; as if we're one and splitting; 
as if we're drawn into each other; as if we're split into one; as if we're 
opening up; as if we're closing down; as if we're body to her techne or 
techne to her body; as if i'm holding you back; as if you want to go 'with 
the others'; as if the others have disappeared; as if you're used to it; 
as if i'm desperate; as if i'm holding your member; as if you're afraid of 
that; as if you're holding my member; as if i'm afraid of that; as if i'm 
holding your member; as if i'm afraid of that; as if you're holding my 
member; as if you're afraid of that; the woman's afraid of nothing; the 
woman's the intransitive; the woman's the fulcrum; the apex; the nadir; 
the woman's the absent locus; our members compete for the woman; our hands 
hold our members back; my hand refuses the presence of your member (for 
the woman); your hand refuses the presence of my member (for the woman); 
you're dancing; i'm awkward holding on; your graceful holding on; you're 
in some other space; i'm in the space of my member; two episodes: we're 
nude, standing - my right hand is holding your semi-erect member tight; 
you're dancing, tethered; the dance conforms to tethering; there's no 
escaping for five minutes - then your right hand is holding my semi-erect 
member tight; your dancing, tethering me; i'm held there; the dance 
conforms to the holding; there's no escaping for five minutes; there's one 
then the other; there's the other then the one; the woman is holding the 
camera; the camera is running; the camera is running and not stopping; the 
camera keeps running the length of the episodes; the camera runs ten 
minutes; the camera runs twelve minutes; the camera runs before the 
beginning and through the episodes; the camera runs after the ending; the 
camera is running




ghostrap

It's always in the peripheral that accidents occur, organisms are born. 
You can hunt anywhere, you can hunt online. Ghosts are here, their images 
trapped, evanescent. Always present, always lost, the very thickness of 
our flesh at stake.

ghost ghostrap disappearance transparence

Sometimes I will write a line, a single line, several words and barriers, 
and they will seem sufficient, they will seem to resonate with the real, 
to dance in the mind of the reader or writer, sometimes that appears all 
that is necessary, as if philosophy is a foregone conclusion, need nothing 
more than the memory of a signifier of a catalyst, and this is one of 
those lines, those moments, opening up into places I cannot enter, places 
I have made for you and the fecundity of your detailing; I create my own 
barriers and thresholds, my own emissions and derailings, beyond which
nothing remains but fear, the slight scent perhaps of Anita Berber or 
Dogen, or just the masquerade of a scent, construed from the shadows in 
the corner, Carneades' snake or rope, history softly murmuring fact after 
fact after fact...

0.
1. the expulsion from the real
neither A nor B
V opens from loving arms
you can't go back there
2. the ruptured huddle
not both A and B well I never
scrabbling for food
at least there's a chance of eating
http://www.asondheim.org/ghostrap2.mov
3. entrance of the hungry ghost
not A you won't find anything here
somewhere else I really don't care
reality isn't where you find it
4 backing out of everything
you're stuck with flooded B
thirsted collapsed desert
mountain flood girl boy sutra



modeling, division by zero

when i was very young i lived in a world of division by zero. the result 
was infinity with n <> 0, but this was modified. 20/0 = 10/0 of course but 
we might write I (for infinity) so that I(20) is distinct from I(10). 
generalize: x/0 becomes I(x) and f(x)/0 becomes I(f(x)). what develops is 
a sense of process and history; I(f(x)) is dependent on the operations 
that lead up to it for any specific I(f(x)); it's as if 2 + 2 = 3 + 1, but 
the operations remain different and distinction; 4(2,2) may be considered 
distinction from 4(3,1). and this is true, providing the intercession of 
an operator is implied; 2 might for example be manageable and 3 not. the 
modes become more interesting when other f(x)/0 are involved or when 
thinking through (x/0)*(0/y) - the temptation is to produce x/y or even 
f(x)/f(y), canceling the 0, and within our mathesis, this may be reason- 
able. but again the 0 must be kept visible, historic; we might writer 
"(f(x)/f(y)) qua 0/0" or some such; it's evident that indices, both sub- 
and super-, quickly develop, become unmanageable. history piles on 
history, the mathematics leaves a necessary trace on the result - neces- 
sary because (x/0)*(0/y) is strictly I*0, which is up for grabs. the 
history imposes exactitude, facticity, where none is; it is a mathematics 
of sand-grains, not continua, of course related to infinitesimals, non- 
standard analysis, and so forth. but here, and when i was young, i valued 
these equations which told stories, stories that not only where inherent, 
but integral to their value in both senses of the word.

... i was in revolt, against mathesis, against those equations excluded, 
beyond the Pale, for no apparent reason, against the simultaneous weaken- 
ing and strengthening of zero, of nothing at all ...

( the shy zero, adding nothing to anything; the murder zero, multiplying 
and forgetting; the burgeoning zero, dividing into the production of the 
world; the generous zero, taking nothing away )


Real-time file access and organization -

Here is the problem, as anyone following my work can attest - there's too 
much of it. I'll be at the Openport festival in Chicago the end of the 
month, doing a symposium, talk, two performances. So I'm attempting to 
organize files for the last, and it's difficult. I narrowed the video/ 
audio work to 900 files - and these are edited from the mass of my video/ 
audio work in general, running I think around 2500. I've placed the files 
in two folders, Performance 1 / 2. The names (titles) of the files convey 
nothing. I'm still naming from the film years when one produced "pieces" 
with such. So there are 900 names, and I forget what most of these things 
are. It's not even easy to tell by extension - there are sound files for 
example ending as .mp4, and some of the .mov are set for no framework and 
loop; these are most often converted .mp4 in disguise. The problem with 
.mp4 in performance - the compression uses a lot of CPU cycles; the result 
is that it's actually more difficult to run a number of parallel .mp4 
files (which are quite small) than to run the same from the original very 
large .mov or .avi files.

Thumbnails won't do - they would be too difficult to manage, would clutter 
up the screen, wouldn't handle audio. I think of code - G for Geneva, D 
for dance, GG for Gruyere, GA for Aletsch glacier work - but then the 
individual pieces are still left behind. I've tried brief 2-3 word 
descriptions in the titles, but that doesn't seem to help; there are 
variations, some of the work is indescribable in terms of a few words, and 
so forth. In any case, the directories have to be on the screen when I'm 
performing - that's the whole point of it - the ability to choose video/ 
audio on the fly. I'm not sure where to take this - memorizing indices, 
mnemonics ... The total number of still images that I work with (i.e. not 
family) is about 10000. The total of everything is probably around 14000.

I swim in these. I need a directory structure for everything, coupled with 
a search engine; I need keywords and a way to delimit and present files 
during performance; I need a system which is easily understandable on the 
fly. I'm speaking of approximately 200 gigabytes of material here. I've 
been sitting going through file after file; it's a real impossibility! If 
the equipment holds up (I've been having difficulties with Quicktime 
retaining its preferences which are critical), things should run smoothly 
- they'll be more out of control than ever, the semantics of the perform- 
ance trying to keep up. But the presentation will, internally, be somewhat 
scattershot. I work with laser scan, motion capture, dancers, mappings and 
remappings of the human body, landscape, very low frequency and shortwave 
radio, filtered and unfiltered recordings of various musical instruments, 
images from the problematic of 'wilderness,' video and audio bounced and 
transformed across the country, material from Second Life performance, 
materials from programs like Netstumbler (tracking wireless), modified 
travel footage, local histories and architectures of early mass transit, 
sexuality, the 'edges' of languages, choreographies, interactivities, 
codework and codework software, Mathematica, and video/audio noise across 
the Net, offline as well. All of these areas are subsetted; they spread 
like tentacles across my workspace, (in)(co)herent, lost and found; now 
when I perform, I'm part audience, seeing the (re)presentation for the 
first time, trying more desperately than ever to hold everything together. 
This is a world of the forgotten, unorganized in relation to 'the clean 
and proper body,' inert to deconstruction (which is collapsed by error, 
circles of confusion, exhaustion, loss), open to Levinas' existence and 
existents. Never do I know where this has gone, will go. But I still need 
something of a system, something of a path through the dark woods. (And of 
course any suggestions greatly appreciated.)


for valeska gert

ruptured mess of the avatars banged into one another maybe they fucked in 
any case whatever skin they had disappeared in any case the lens blew out 
with all the action in any case i'm exhausted from their screaming why not 
mash them mosh them why not mash us mosh us in any case by this time it's 
all debris by this time i'm under the cabinet by this time doctor leopold 
konninger returns with horn-rimmed dark glasses in any case he says if you 
can't dance to it anita berber you might as well explode valeska gert

when history becomes histrionic naked dance parades on the silver screen 
oh they look so good light shining through the bones


Reel Histrionic


In Eloquent Gestures, The Transformation of Performance Style in the 
Griffith Biograph films, Roberta E. Pearson describes 'histrionic' and 
'verisimilar' codes of acting - a transformation from a melodramatic locus 
to incipient realism. She considers them in relation to 'analogical' and 
'digital' communication: "Though most gestural communication systems are 
unsegmented and analogic, the histrionic code, with its emphasis on the 
isolation of gesture, does resemble segmented, digital communications such 
as speech. Actors deliberately struck attitudes, holding each gesture and 
abstracting it from the flow of motion until the audience had 'read it.'" 
[...] "Not only were aspiring actors told to 'rest long enough in a 
gesture,' they were urged to avoid excessive movement, which might detract 
from attitude-striking." [...] "The elimination of the small gestures 
brings about the physical equivalent of silence between the grand, posed 
gestures, resulting in the 'discrete, discontinuous elements and gaps' of 
digital communication." In contrast, the analogical references the uncoded 
real, motions and emotions of daily life.

The digital is catastrophic, fold-catastrophic; it consists of jumps 
between gestures or stances, between emotions and their concretion as 
attitude. The histrionic is dependent upon the diegetic - it as acted 
action of the unfolding interpreted world. The histrionic is therefore 
always stylized and responsive, within and up to thresholding. A threshold 
is constituted by an increased differentiation between gesture and the 
diegetic real; this itself is stylized. In other words, there are two 
levels of code, stylization at work: the semantic contents of individuated 
gestures, and the syntactic divisions between them. The gestures are 
individuated (not individual); as with other linguistic formation, they 
are constituted by difference, differance, the playing among gestures 
'down the line of the unfolding of the diegetic.' So histrionic gestures 
bridge from one moment to another in the form <------<----<----- - they 
are held positions until anomaly (threshold) defers them.

Gestures are concretions operating within time's arrow, objectifying the 
body in a sequence of irreversible positions. The body constitutes the 
proffering of desire - it is held for the viewer, much as the display of 
the (sexualized) body operated in some elements of Weimar dance/cabaret 
culture. This holding is reminiscent of the still pornographic image, 
which is presented to the (mostly male) viewer; the viewer is aware that 
the histrionic is there for his or her pleasure. In the pornographic 
photograph, the erogenous zones function as 'strange attractors'; the 
diegetic is constructed by the viewer who creates a narratology resulting 
in masturbation, the cessation of (that) pleasure. The zones, however, are 
grounded in the analogical, the abject; the viewer is without the gesture 
of the histrionic (in both silent film and pornography).

Stylized gestures reference a repertoire, of course; they must be under- 
stood by both the actor (in re/presentation) and viewer (as indexical 
within the diegetic). And repertoires are always stylized, enumerations of 
entities that play, one way or another, within specified cultural milieus. 
In this sense, all repertoires are accumulations of conventions and genre; 
in the case of the histrionic, they are a rough set of mappings into (and 
constituting) the diegesis, in order that the photoplay 'move forward' for 
both actor and spectator. (This moving is literally self-centered within 
the pornographic, which plays within the (transitive and transitional) 
body of the viewer in both (interrelated) psychoanalytical and biophysical 
registers.)

(But pornography as well as photoplay is never fully reductive; defuge 
creates another deferral, from image to image, film to film. This is what 
might be considered the 'repressed of the analogical,' the referencing of 
the clean and proper body and life-story in relation to the messiness and 
decathection of everyday life. The analogical is always excessive and 
irreducible; digital mappings are mappings from one-to-many, mappings into 
the analogical (body and) real. Digital mappings are not only stylized; 
they are undergoing continuous transformations, splittings, decathecting, 
disinvestment, as the surplus of the analog has moved elsewhere. What 
constitutes pornography or photoplay, fashion or convention, at one 
synchronic instant, is constituted elsewhere at the next. The repression 
constructed by the diegesis itself (which leaves out so many things in the 
world) returns in so many different forms which become increasingly 
mutually unreadable.)

"The name _sensuality_ seems to be taken from the sensual movement, of 
which Augustine speaks, just as the name of a power is taken from its act, 
for instance, sight from seeing. Now the sensual movement is an appetite 
following sensible apprehension. For the act of the apprehensive power is 
not so properly called a movement as the act of appetite; since the 
operation of the apprehensive power is completed in the very fact that the 
thing apprehended is in the one that apprehends, while the operation of 
the appetitive power is completed in the fact that he who desires is borne 
towards the desirable thing. Hence it is that the operation of the appre- 
hensive power is likened to rest; whereas the operation of the appetitive 
power is rather likened to movement. Therefore by sensual movement we 
understand the operation of the appetitive power. Thus, sensuality is the 
name of the sensitive appetitive." (From Aquinas, Summa Theologica, trans- 
lated by Anton C. Pegis, Introduction to St. Thomas Aquinas, Modern 
Library, 1948.)


SL, Silent fiLm, my softest repertoire

(modified from a response on Poetics)

Think of island-hopping, travel, between one and another place, from 
moment to moment; think of islands as digital markers, the journey as 
analogic?

Think of Second Life, where gesture is pre-programmed; where one can 
construct both gait and flight, but the rest is already protocol. You can 
add or transform gesture; as lived reality, they become tacit, ingrained. 
And Second Life is so pure, so clean; one can always get away to the 
unlittered bottom of the ocean uncannily devoid of life. Sooner or later 
virtual ecosystems will be constructed.

And in Second Life, gesture is part and parcel of repertoire; one behaves 
always within limits; there are barriers to travel, to height, to the 
planiverse itself. Everything transforms into style; labor is external, 
extra-curricular, just as this computer I am using was produced elsewhere 
and elsewhen - more environmental depredation, more human despair, greater 
and greater gaps between economic classes.

+++

I will move to Second Life; I don't get response in First Life anyway. I 
will live anonymously in the maternal folds of continuous production. I 
will take a new identity. I don't have a community in First Life. I'll 
have a community in Second Life. I'll be different in Second Life, I'll 
change personality, I'll be kinder, in fact, sharing software with anyone, 
murmuring beautiful conversations, flying to unknown places, engaging in 
literally inconceivable culture, sex, physical prowess, building schemes, 
economies both real and virtual. I'll forget the difference between real 
and virtual. I won't be noise as I am on these email lists for example or 
blogs for example. I'll be someone who words carry performance, whose 
words proffer beauty and communication. I will forget the power grid, 
electric commons engaging all of us in whatever worlds we dream, inhabit, 
construct, destroy. My gestures will be my manacles. My gestures will be 
genre; with any luck, will be canonic. I will speak to myself and speak to 
you from the softest of stages. I will be animal in Second Life.

Using the model of silent film performance, the digital is not only the
series of islands, but the performance of the journey itself. The analogic
is the abject which cannot be contained, curtailed, the shores of the
islands, their sad susceptibility to global warming.

At this point, and it's my depression speaking, I can't help but fore-
ground everything cultural against the ravaging of the planet, the slaughter
of human and wild animal populations, the furious violence of our
government, governments everywhere. The silent films seem innocent but speak
otherwise of innocence; the seeds of destruction are already there.

Islands have moved to Second Life, and everyone and everything is buying an
island - universities, security agencies, art groups, cultural insti-
tutions of all sorts. It's this I'm thinking about at the moment, because
performance and gesture in SL parallels silent film in terms of phenom-
enology and histrionic. Sound in SL seems third-person, an add-on; later, it
will become more integrated of course, and the use of prosthetics will
eliminate the need for pre-programmed gestures - first-life and second- life
will appear equally analogic, equally 'smooth.' On one hand the rest of the
world (what passes past for the real) will seem distant and somehow safer;
on the other, the rest of the world, left to its own devices, will continue
the killing beyond any reason or proportion. We are living in massacre;
repertoire is symptom. What is the poetics of the dead poached elephant,
with its face cut off, whose photograph appears in the current National
Geographic? What is the poetics?


iii

In response to the singing of death, repertoire, life-in-death, digital

Death doesn't become a song; the song is prior to death. The threshold 
which lays poetics to rest perhaps, something Auschwitz clearly didn't do, 
is that - at least for me - of everything we might hold dear - that is, 
the wild, the compassionate, survival with grace. It's hard to visualize 
the catastrophe around the corner, when we associate catastrophe literally 
with sudden transformation, war, trauma - not this slow rise of tempera- 
ture, or the picking off of animals one by one. We react as if it were 
another turn or fear of the apocalypse, i.e. 'we've heard it all before' - 
as if this means it's not there now, we're in a permanent state of crying 
wolf. But animals literally on their last legs have heard it as well, time 
and time again, and still it comes. I'm at a loss for the poetics here, 
just as in I think Parmenides, Socrates was at a loss when muck, mud, was 
brought to the foreground in the discussion of ideal forms.

Within the digital, within the idealized digital, there is no in-between - 
either here/there, or 0/1, or whateverx/whatevery - the rest of the world 
is held at bay behind the walls of a potential well sufficient to permit 
communication in the small - i.e. to permit communication. One might say:

within the liminal, the digital doesn't exist -
the analogic exists only within the liminal.

Aphoristic, but accurate, perhaps nothing more needs to be said, or what
else might be said might be of or within an/other register.


old text illustrated by its future anterior



Womans ands Mans

as well as accompanying men created from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on 
men et al Re: Thoughts on men et al ruptured mess of the men banged into 
one another maybe they fucked in this just gets it started. Could the 
woman push out infinitely into the artifacts. The root of the woman is 
elsewhere; the woman itself, the image-woman, is ghost. The ghost travels 
through anything of course; it's Given that the danced-to-infinity 
motion-capture second=life quasi-woman as well as accompanying men created 
from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on men et al Re: Thoughts on men et al 
ruptured mess of the men banged into one another maybe they fucked in [-] 
Men, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: Men, models, perfor...  [-] Re: 
Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] 
Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: Woman...  [-] Re: Woman...  Re: 
Woman...  [-] Re: Men, models, per... [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: 
Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: Woman...  Re: 
Woman...  [-] Men, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: Men, models, 
perfor...  [-] Re: Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: 
Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: Men, models, 
per... [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  
[-] Re: Men,...  as well as accompanying men created from cloth and wire 
[-] Thoughts on men et al Re: Thoughts on men et al ruptured mess of the 
men banged into one another maybe they fucked in This just gets it 
started. Could the woman push out infinitely into the artifacts. The root 
of the woman is elsewhere; the woman itself, the image-woman, is ghost. 
The ghost travels through anything of course; it's Given that the 
danced-to-infinity motion-capture second=life quasi-woman as well as 
accompanying men created from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on men et al Re: 
Thoughts on men et al ruptured mess of the men banged into one another 
maybe they fucked in [-] Men, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: Men, 
models, perfor...  [-] Re: Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, models, ...  
[-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: 
Woman...  [-] Re: Woman...  Re: Woman...  [-] Re: Men, models, per... [-] 
Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: 
Men,...  [-] Re: Woman...  Re: Woman...  [-] Men, models, performers, d...  
[-] Re: Men, models, perfor...  [-] Re: Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, 
models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  
[-] Re: Men, models, per... [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: Men, 
model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  as well as accompanying 
womans created from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on womans et al Re: 
Thoughts on womans et al ruptured mess of the womans banged into one 
another maybe they fucked in This just gets it started. Could the woman 
push out infinitely into the artifacts. The root of the woman is 
elsewhere; the woman itself, the image-woman, is ghost. The ghost travels 
through anything of course; it's Given that the danced-to-infinity 
motion-capture second=life quasi-woman as well as accompanying womans 
created from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on womans et al Re: Thoughts on 
womans et al ruptured mess of the womans banged into one another maybe 
they fucked in [-] Men, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: Men, models, 
perfor...  [-] Re: Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: 
Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: Woman...  [-] 
Re: Woman...  Re: Woman...  [-] Re: Men, models, per... [-] Re: Men, 
models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  
[-] Re: Woman...  Re: Woman...  [-] Men, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: 
Men, models, perfor...  [-] Re: Men, models, per...  [-] Re: Men, models, 
...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  [-] Re: 
Men, models, per... [-] Re: Men, models, ...  [-] Re: Men, model...  [-] 
Re: Men, mo...  [-] Re: Men,...  as well as accompanying men created from 
cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on men et al Re: Thoughts on men et al 
ruptured mess of the men banged into one another maybe they fucked in This 
just gets it started. Could the woman push out infinitely into the 
artifacts. The root of the woman is elsewhere; the woman itself, the 
image-woman, is ghost. The ghost travels through anything of course; it's 
Given that the danced-to-infinity motion-capture second=life quasi-woman 
as well as accompanying men created from cloth and wire [-] Thoughts on 
men et al Re: Thoughts on men et al ruptured mess of the men banged into 
one another maybe they fucked in [-] Womans, models, performers, d...  
[-] Re: Womans, models, perfor...  [-] Re: Womans, models, per...  [-] Re: 
Womans, models, ...  [-] Re: Womans, model...  [-] Re: Womans, mo...  [-] 
Re: Womans,...  [-] Re: Woman...  [-] Re: Woman...  Re: Woman...  [-] Re: 
Womans, models, per... [-] Re: Womans, models, ...  [-] Re: Womans, 
model...  [-] Re: Womans, mo...  [-] Re: Womans,...  [-] Re: Woman...  
Re: Woman...  [-] Womans, models, performers, d...  [-] Re: Womans, 
models, perfor...  [-] Re: Womans, models, per...  [-] Re: Womans, models, 
...  [-] Re: Womans, model...  [-] Re: Womans, mo...  [-] Re: Womans,...  
[-] Re: Womans, models, per... [-] Re: Womans, models, ...  [-] Re: 
Womans, model...  [-] Re: Womans, mo...  [-] Re: Womans,...



Text from 2 Chicago Openport Performances


this is a placemarker for font and size
i learn nothing from my work. my work learns from me.
this is so stupid. this is so stupid. ehllo hello. nathan - 
somewhere near the begimning of 'the silent film era'
actresses were accompanied by orchestras or musicians
of their choosing to get into the mood of the otherwise silent 
so this is how it's going to be. what i do (here) is try to type,
well at one point someone told me I couldn't type (I'm showing you now 
heheh! - anyway I try and TYPE something until you're bored or someonne 
pulls me out of here (I mean Chicago, not Links Hall) - anyway so I try 
to entertain you - wait, please there's more coming...
this part was videotaped at Rilke's Grave in Raran, SW 
we're reading - well, Foofwa d'Imobilite and Maud Liardon - are -
reading the tombstone - and well, I"m playing the organ, that's 
somewhere else in the alps -
the sooner a train comes along the sooner I'm saved here. i'd better 
explain this
this is a model of a dancer moving through motion capture equipment 
that has some broken sensors sending the signals out to infinity where 
they collapse, grief stricken, and return, something like the rturn of 
the repressed. Now here is the return of the repressed, just a second 
here -
ok, it's more or less below freezing out there in the Gruyere
ok, this isn't getting anywhere yet. i'mm not a particularly good 
performance artist. I'm cheating, I recorded this stuff beforehand -
look around you - there aren't any naked people in the room at the 
moment, nor a waterfall for that matter... this is a deconstruction of 
a gun and on the left is someone dancing more or less and disappearing 
into the light. 
<thinking of content... war, viollence, stupidity, let's all kill 
President Bush! - ok, I knw you'rethinking, this is "illeagal," but 
what if we do this together?" -> yeah, well, ok, this will happen. 
let's back up.
we won't kill bush, we'll just wound him -
so - just in case you wondered, the hum you're hearing isn't from my 
laptop, it's in the system here in Links Hall and in fact I tend to 
love it -on the left is my avatar disappearing in Second Life because I 
programmed it to get away with it so it can go through cliffs and stuff.
now yhou're hearing the hum of the planet, literally - this is very low 
frequency radio stuff coming through - the antennas are modified by the 
performers - transforming the sound - Maud Liardon atthe end of a 
particularly exhausting day. 
maud machine - there's a file here called rottate i'll try to find it 
hold on the machine aspect is clearer
by the way: the title of this is "The Difference Between the Analog and 
the Binary Mode of Relating Real-Time bodies to the world" -
this was shortened from the title "My Partner is My Buddha"
this is literally the Maud Machine - why literrally?
this is Azure generating very low frequency coupling with an antenna 
somewhere in Orange County California
these are dead avatars
this is another dead avatar.
ok what you're hearing is an imitation of a 78 record created from an 
event in very low frequency radio stuff. 
this is really stupid.l i'll whos you what i feel like.
ok that's an assassin bug on the right. now we're looking at the 
wilderness.
when we work and we always do and we work together sometimes and we 
don't we try to harnass
we try to harness the digital and return it to the real world.
there of course is still a real world, don't believe the theorists.
where is it? it's among the polar bears who are starving and have 
turned cannibal
it's among the elephans which have taken to raping as a result of 
population pressure.
it among the fifty thousand birds that died at the world trade center 
site as a result of the fucked up pillars of light which messed up 
migration routes - as a result they died of exhaustion
this is the deconstruction of a tree, a real tree, with a ditial 
scanner. 
I'm not sure why this is important, but possibly in anotehr fifty years 
or so we might not have trees.
well we won't have "we" either
this is my sad ronin in second life -
when I work in second life i go to thebottom of the ocean
then i don't have to deal with cleverness and messy building 
and people flying by.
i can just do something maybe there
Cris Cheek should know where this sound is from, the only thing I 
didn't do here, the rest for whatever is mine.
this was done after abu gharayb. those blades are from a wind farm in 
West Virgina. think aboutg wind farms - like the beams of lightfrom the 
world trade center, most of these have been responsible for the deaths 
of tens of thousands of birds. they fly into it.
the avatar was takenpart and taken apart and taken apart
this is Azure Carter being scanned while moving - this results in the 
disappearance of Azure Carter, any trace of her, in the digital realm. 
I'd show this to you if I could remember where it is!
ok, this is the result of that maneuver more or less, you can see the 
body sliced -
we're back trying to suture things back together from digital to analog.
if someone can tell me when twenty-five minutes or so are gone I can 
wrap this up.
at the moment I'm thinking: abjection/politics
on the left, avatars imitating real-life people
on the right, real-life people imitatin avatars.
notice the people (on the right) we refer to as "The Bobsie Twins"
What coordination!
This took years to perfect
i used to do these things with the idea of a 'moral" or content or 
"content" or a "sememe " or something behind what you're seeing on the 
screen. 
then it occurred to me
there's nothing we can do at this point to save - well, our own selves, 
species from extinction, inundations, the stupidies - that's stupdi, 
stupidities of fascist presidents - so we might as well just play and 
make faces in restaurants
because maybe all we can do is dance
oh that's so stupid again
but it's true!
and it's true I can't dance!
so ...
so it's true that'
that there's a letter maybe beneath this one going somewhere 
my partner exploding with the motion capture equipment going into 
gunfire -
well I want you to believe this is gunfire
while a vacuum tube is deconstruct simultaneously
well I'd like you to believe it's deconstructed.
what's stupid here is I have only one screen and I want to have 
equipment on the floro!
floor!
more and more equipment, something I can disappear into!
I'll have to settle for
for some sort of entertainment
i want to thank everyone here for allowing us to present!
and Foofwa d'Imobilite and Maud Liardon for their brillians
And Azure Carter for her support and brilliance
And President bush for making this possible
and the Swiss Government for funding this in part
and the Alps for just being there.
thank you.


placeholder text chicago 2
placeholder text
placeholder text
anguish disappears when our world suffers the most
an image weeps. an image does not suffer.
no, an image suffers the most. 
dear buddha, i will suffer for you.
thank you, alan sondheim.
nothing is real anymore, is it? is what? is nothing?
i am your electric-onic
i am your electronic buzz bomb 
i will kill all of you fuckers. i will kill everyone. don't forget - 
when you leave here tonight YOU WILL BE DEAD (honest, I really mean 
this more than I mean anything in the world) - signed, Mr. Bush. Let us 
[...]
If I can't be Buddha I will kill myself.
Then after I kill myself I will kill you.
Today I thought about the French Empire and the American Empire.
The end.
Alan Sondheim.
ok if you have any questions.
Ok I have a question. What is that stuff moving about.
"Well, I'm glad you asked that,' Susan said. This is really something, 
isn't it? (Susan didn't say that.) Well, what this , well, these are 
avatars torn apart, By What you May AsK?
maBY by Abu Gharab, he replied lightly.
Christ, he thought (although he didn't believe in God). There are too 
many things going on here. That zither is being sent around the usa 
coming back to me. That woman is Maud Liardon danceworking performing 
in a grange in the Gruyere. We need a cat. 
So you think this is funny? I will KILL YOU. This is NOT FUNNY. 
StOPPP IT
VLF radio runs around the world. The USA will use VLF radio antennas 
to: 
1. Disorient and kill whales.
2. Disorient and kill dolphins.
3. Communicate just where and when the BIG ONE will be dropped.
I'm a dope!
Just now, a reveleation: 
EVERYONE IS TWITCHING ON THE SCREN
Suddenly he realized: There were people behind himn.
It wasn't paranoia. He was being watched.
Something had to be done, something drastic. Then he remembered:

"He would kill them all."
This is the compassion the Buddha speaks of so eloquently.
Now we're hanging around the Aletsch glacier. 
I want to thank the Swiss government for making this possible:
a. Holding on to the Aletsch glacier in this period of global warming.
b. Giving my partner and I some money so we can eat again.
c. Making us stop worrying if we con't have any money for b.
I did this thing last night with different videos. And there I was 
thinking, there's just nothing you can do about the world, is there/
so it's not enoght to dance, fuck dance, it's got to be something else.
if we could only just kill ourselves. then everything would be allright 
in the worldl
but of cours we're just kidding, nothing like this can happen.
the whole history of the West: we're just kidding ourselves. (Honest.)
don't cry for us argentina.


without order

i tried to deal without order, to apply topology, surfaces, 
to the digital, construct for example a sphere:
within the sphere, curvature is uniform, there are no objects, 
no striations; now consider a torus:
within a certain angle, vision is blocked, the cylinder connects,
connects smoothly above and below, of genus one in placement
nearby genus zero:
but these inhering differences go no further, elasticity problematizes
order within any configuration as handles, holes, bridges slide,
everywhere, ignoring the metric, there is no metric, let's make one,
just for the moment, no, it's useless:
so that there's something uncanny about the sphere's interior, we move, 
near and far, we reflect upon ourselves, 
something luminous must there be, or we dream of such, luminosity,
ourselves written, large within our world:
without order, there's nothing, it's all unaccountable, can holes merge,
of course they can, can bridges slide in deep interiors, yes and yes,
nothing is here, sphere to torus, but something to nothing, nothing
to something, always just invisible, for how may one leap, from sphere,
to torus, torus, to sphere, how may one cross, erecting order ?




liner notes for Crepuscule


sexual projections over dancers and without dancers and sexual dances on 
the tentpoles ravens at the four corners of the world. dancers are below. 
oh they want to jump on the bodies. this is dance on deadly earth. origin 
of dance try to make sense of the dialog; they can't. The live dancers may 
be are nude, exposed; the dance ends when they cum. They observe two 
dancers - audience and masturbating couple - the dancers sexually aroused 
- if nude dance should move from position to position. Anita Berber. The 
dancers are reeling, on edge, nervous, difficult, a problem, their desires 
constrained by spectacle. The dancers are on exhibit, behavioral codes 
thwarted or broken. If a dancer feels comfortable, he or she should push 
further on. sexuality, and horror, interpenetrate. For the dancers, 
everything is at the body of the dancer is eternal exists in relation to 
the sexuality of the body within the dance, within. dance is the 
interiority of the metaphysical, dance succeeds only by virtue of the 
interiority of the dancing, only by the foundation of the world. the 
foundation of the world lies in dance, The body of the dancer lies supine, 
breathless. storing these things - in the dance itself there's an image of 
a woman My Cluttered corner of the dance studio. Cloth, food items, all 
supine, is choreography masteranwhile dancers having dancing day debris 
three. liner notes for Anita Berber. point of dance and sexuality dancing 
is indiscriminate fucking, display - midnight phone-calls and invitations. 
one a dancer is pornographic, once this splay / display, dance, 
photography, culture, art in general, is invisible as semen on stage, 
spurted from dancer, welcomed and returned by art, of dance, of the body; 
it is also the most unknown. draw a vector; appurtenance-appearance; this 
is what the dancer, photographer, performer, tensed in our tawdry space of 
the real. for if the dance-dancer emerge - Sex dances for one to four 
people. The dancers are nude. There are no props. Male dances alone while 
masturbating. He dances until he cums. Female dances alone while 
masturbating. She dances until she cums. Tethered: Male dances with one 
hand holding himself erect. Tethered: Female dances with one or more 
partners' fingers in her. Variant Tethered: Male dances with one or more 
partners' fingers in him. The dance ends when one or both have cum. 
Variant Tethered: Female dances with one or more partners' fingers in her. 
The dance ends as above. The dance ends when the dance cums. dancers. So 
this is a dancer transformed. Role disappears from dance, dance is. The 
advantage of a dancer: You'll have your body at the end of the day. The 
disadvantage of a dancer: You'll have your body at the end of the day. 
dance and culture brings Signs from Worlds eaten by light. Score 
restraint, bounded three-dimensional space, against which such dancers 
remain authorless in the midst of author/authority, danceless in the 
presence of dancers/dancing, human within the post-human, flesh within 
dance the doomed Case of doomed, doomed, a-void. Case of A world chaos, 
sex, spoken sex, poetics of sex. I may work with dance and sex and 
dance-video and sex. I will not work with images of sexual violence. I 
dance. Or I'm the material for the dancers; it's really back.

-- sondheim

Crepuscule (Twilight) recorded / edited 2006 Geneve



before all this


'Ubeidiya culture - Israelo-Abbevillian v Israelo-Olduvan (Stekelis my 
teacher) Israelo -> placeholder: deep hiatus in relation to identification 
the figuring at Berekhat Ram - earliest reported piece of art 'Ubeidiya 
was the first place/holder 1.4-1.7 million years ago, emigration from 
Africa - Acheulian tools at the dawn of hominid culture - Berekhat Ram - 
early figurine I walked the trenches at 'Ubeidiya, hand-axes everywhere 
embedded in the dirt walls, sacks of them at the edge of the site - how 
could so many be produced by so few? so Israelo- becomes the placeholder 
at this moment, perhaps Palestino- earlier or later - our time here is 
minimal in relation to the depth of the early pleistocene - synchronical- 
ly, the median lies well within the Olduvan; diachronically, the demo- 
graphics fall pretty much now - twentieth-twenty-first-century collusion 
bringing pre/history to an end; elsewhere I've written about the 'uncanny' 
in relation to the site - holding, figuring, tools last held by almost- 
humans

now when voice comes to Second Life: who will speak for identification,
morphing or the granularity of the real making its appearance across the 
wires, given as such, taken as such? we're at the threshold of what 
appears beginning, here/now, of the virtual, 'pain has turned the thresh- 
hold to stone,' of the post-pleistocene - of the post-hominid landscape 
whose details still escape us

 what is the relationship between the grain of the voice and
 SL originary history - what is an original of the voice - who spoke
and with what 1.7 million years ago -

the genidentity of the voice - genitdentity of locus of human production
- the voice which is self-identical, the rootless voice, the voice without 
substance, the body untied to the voice, voice untied to the body -
genidentity of the voice: analogic transforms from real to real - return 
to stone, to the stones, to material culture continuously absentint 
itself, taking everything with it

7-day weeks - Onedy, Twody, Threedy, Fourdy, Fivedy, Sixdy, Sevdy 4-week 
months 3-month seasons ... Even with your studies, you need to meet 
people. I know! ... 7-day weeks - Onedy, Twody, Threedy, Fourdy, Fivedy, 
Sixdy, Sevdy 4-week months 3-month seasons ... Even with your studies, you 
need to meet people. I know! ... 7-day weeks - Onedy, Twody, Threedy, 
Fourdy, Fivedy, Sixdy, Sevdy 4-week months 3-month seasons ... Even with 
your studies, you need to meet people. I know! ... 8 bit bullet list 
marker is recognized. september ninth nineteen sixdy, ...  paragraph this 
is a mail message that i received one day. i didn&#39;t make it up ... The 
preprocessor is actually a series of small consecutive functions, which 
may be thought of as one long pipeline. Each function makes certain 
assumptions ... Help others find this item. Make a Search Suggestion | 
Manage your Search Suggestions.  No-one has made a Search Suggestion for 
this item yet. ... Konference se bude konat v prostor ch katedry filozofie 
FF v Plzni stnosti ... www.kfi.zcu.cz/fivedy E-mail: schust@kfi.zcu.cz ... 
jemu
 v r mci chodu katedry jeho kolitelem, vedouc m katedry, tajemn ky ... v 
jednotliv ch kurzech, p prav ~[ a organizaci ~Yij
 a ...


==

drowning

in dreams bodies at uncanny speeds , moist or damp , almost evanescent , 
parlay of the register of the visible , enunciation of interiority just 
around the corner , some small flailing in the early paleolithic , oh that 
square that symbolic emergence , emergence of the symbol , they're not 
equivalent , what is there for us was not for them or they , or this one , 
caught , lost , almost not quite silent , else/wise


A/Rose for Baudrillard

I have troubled sleep; nightmares become me. Recently I traded in for a 
copy of Sartre, Troubled Sleep, signed by him, scrawled signature to a 
friend. Barthes was hit by a van I think, all these men and some women but 
less women - Derrida, Foucault, Deleuze, Guattari, Lyotard, Baudrillard, 
Althusser, Lacan, bounded by what seems the cold war iron of Badiou. 
Kristeva, Cixous, Irigaray, Wittig, perhaps are still alive. I raised 
myself on all of them and now they're divided among the militants, the 
academics, the pieces of 'deconstruction' applicable to any analysis where 
something or other falls apart, 'simulacrum' following DeBord's 'specta- 
cle' where 'revolution' became synonymous with natural skin care and 
something everyone did against the name of 'freedom.' I don't mean to say 
anything here, I wonder about the doubting that once swayed the world, 
Jabes, Blanchot, or what I read as doubting, never say anything unless 
said to oneself, withdrawn, proffered as kind of a peripheral speech. This 
wasn't them, my reading, what I garnered, that excitement, Merleau-Ponty, 
at the birth of the world, its bearing, re-borning. Vietnam is now mute, 
May 68 almost forty years ago and most of us humans have never thought of 
burning monks. Tibet is a foregone conclusion; can one imagine the Dalai 
Lama back at the Potala? Bohm kept on moving; he was close to insane with 
the stress of homelessness. I wait for my first stroke, but none of the 
others, none of them, none of you, will speak to me. I'll go to heaven or 
hell with stitches in my mouth. I'll try to say something about the world. 
My eyes grow wider and wider.


"Where the waters meet at the end of the world"
http://www.asondheim.org/offthere.jpg

Where the waters meet at the end of the world
bodies merge in streams; arms and legs unfurled
in death or signifiers streamed and long forgotten.
There is no kelp among the drowned, no seed rotten
and uncalled for. When my friends swim, they die
allegiance emptied of their final cry
when all is drowned and doomed. Waters shear waters,
some sign, untoward, approaches, slaughters
our pretty young women and buoyant young men.
Sightless, nothing goes further then.
Witless, nothing goes further then.



Dark sky.

Dark sky. You take my friends from me. They return, mother, in dreams. 
Dark sky.

She is dead and the argument has disappeared, in the still air there. 
Nothing is left of the argument. She cannot reply.

The offering no longer stands. The offering disappears as ghost disap- 
pears. Ghost is the creature that topples to its feet.

More and more I remain on mountaintop or valleybottom. There is naught 
in freedom or captivity. I am alone in company. I cannot reach out.

Within the series of disappearances I disappear. The series continues 
in the other's guise. The series is no longer mine. The series is yours.

a brilliant work i am alive.



Darker.


I went into pinku with all the money in the world. I was broke. Money 
bulged my pockets. I went up to the guy. I want her I said. He said ok. 
She said ok. She went out with me. We went to the room. Do it she said. I 
said are you alone. Yes she said. Do you have a girlfriend or boyfriend I 
said. Yes she said. I have a boyfriend she said. I want to mark you I 
said. Your boyfriend will know me I said. I will make you I said. I will 
mark you I said. Yes she said. She said I will mark you. Do you have a 
boyfriend or girlfriend she said. Yes I said. I have a girlfriend I said. 
I have a family I said. I will steal you she said. We were naked. We 
fucked. She took a flash. She examined my body. My body broke open. Here 
and there she said. I held the flash. I opened her up. I saw everything. I 
remembered everything. I knew everything. I pierce your nipple she said. 
She sucked the needle. She rubbed the needle in her. She pierced my 
nipple. My nipple bled. She ringed it. Now me she said. Both nipples were 
pierced. I pulled the rings. I took them out. She bled. I sucked the 
needle. I pierce your nipple I said. I pierced deeper. I pierced deeper. I 
ringed it. I left the other bare. We bled each other. Your wife will not 
know you she said. Tomorrow I said. Tomorrow I said. We went to the room. 
Do it I said. Get hard she said. She touched me. I cut you open she said. 
She cut the shaft. She cut deeper. She tore the shaft. She bled the shaft. 
She bandaged the shaft. Your wife won't want you she said. I am your 
boyfriend I said. My boyfriend left me she said. I am your girlfriend she 
said. Spread out I said. I cut your lips I said. I cut the lips. I tore 
the lips. I locked her lips. I locked her lips. She wired my shaft. She 
wrapped the head. She made a hole. You piss here she said. She cut my sac. 
She bandaged the sac. I gave her money. She gave me money. I was covered 
with blood. I pierced her nipple. I locked her nipple. I pulled the lock. 
She took the keys. She put them in the toilet. She flushed the toilet. She 
flushed the toilet. The keys went out. She was locked tight. Wire me I 
said. She tightened the wire. She locked the wire. She sucked the needle. 
She pierced my nipple. She pierced deeper. She pierced my chest. She cut 
my nipple. She locked my nipple. She gave me the keys. I put them in the 
toilet. I flushed the toilet. I flushed the toilet. The keys went out. I'm 
dizzy she said. She bled between her legs. Her breasts were bleeding. I 
bled between my legs. My breasts were bleeding. I coughed blood. My eyes 
were bled. She cut my hair. She cut all of it. She swallowed my hair. I 
cut her hair. I swallowed her hair. I vomited hair and blood. She ate my 
vomit. She scraped my face. She cut my face. She cut my eyes. No one will 
want you she said. I want you she said. She cut off my nipple. She ate my 
nipple. She swallowed the ring. She cut off my nipple. She ate my nipple. 
She swallowed the lock. I cut off her nipple. I ate her lock. She ate her 
nipple. No one wants you I said. I want you I said. I want you too I said. 
I want you she said. I want you too she said. We fell on the floor. We 
clawed each other. We bit each other. We gouged each other. We blinded 
each other. We strangled each other. Everyone will want us we said. 
Everyone will want us too we said. Tomorrow she said. Tomorrow I said. We 
went to the room.




Left Behind

Some people believe in ghosts and light candles and some people believe in 
gods and spirits. People will do anything to avoid life. Some people say 
prayers and some people have funerals and some people drink blood and wine 
and some people go to temples and some people go to churches. People will 
do anything to avoid this life. People will read and write and paint. Some 
people will fight and some people will tell people to fight. Anything to 
add to this life. People want to add to this life. People lie to add to 
this life. People believe in goblins and trolls. People find this life 
flat and boring. Anything to make this life interesting. Anything to make 
this life go on. Anything to endure. Anything to make enduring. People 
believe in UFOs. People want more than people and animals. People want 
more than clouds and plants. People say if there's nothing else than this 
life then there's nothing at all. People say if this is all there is 
there's nothing to live for. Some people play sports and some people 
write things down and some people make flat new things and some people 
are sick and bleeding. Some people want to die. People are left behind.




or subliminal

- seriously, that would be an interesting 'wager' -
sublime as subliminal, as if the intermediary always
escaped (whereas the sublime is already constructed
as infinnitude) 

or defuge 

- seriously, what amounts to the sadness, the collapsed
o avatar, rise in the midst of maelstrom, sadness
of cobalt plutonium sadness uranium sadness radium sadness
as infinnnitude of defuge


or after the show

- seriously, what covers the pain of completion, i am yours
no more argon xenon neon, whirl me through you avatar,
i am your avatar i am your avatar 



i can hear you breathe


1 says: 2 see if you can hear me now
1 says: hello?
1 says: I can hear you breathe?
2 says: 1 we can't hear you breathe
1 says: yes, I know.
1 says: ok logging out and in
2 says: perhaps log out and log back in or
2 says: !!!!
1 says: Hi I can hear both of you - don't know why you can't hear me
2 says: I'm not sure - is there a loose connection with the mic?
2 says: Have you checked your audio settings?
1 says: yes yes checked setting. don't know.
1 added 3 to this chat
1 says: i can't figure it - worked before with this mic, don't have 
  another
1 says: don;t know what the answer is - can hear you breathe
1 says: i can hear you breathe
1 says: the mic is attached to the headset
1 says: its a standard mic/headset combo
1 says: you're both getting this yes
1 says: i can try to get another mic from my wife.
3 says: sure, we'll wait around
2 says: if you don't mind
1 says: i'm looking for another mic. this one worked fine the other week 
1 says: this is really frustrating. if its the input on the laptop i'm 
  not sure what to do - don't have another machine her
1 says: i'm singing
1 says: you can't hear me
1 says: singing new york new york
1 says: singing once a jolly swagman
1 says: --sat by a billybong
1 says: won't you waltzing matilda with me
3 says: can't hear u 2
3 says: can just hear snippets
1 says: um, yes reschedule --> you're both dispersing anatomically
2 says: i said you're breaking up 3 but not physically
3 says: ahhah
2 says: is anyone logging this?
3 says: i could be *watches arms floating off*
2 says: 1 can you hear me?
1 says: saving saving yes ic an yhear 2
2 says: just a SECOND 3 :)
3 says: lol
2 says: 1 can you hear 3
1 says: oo i need to get up really early tomorrow. so i'm hesitant to try 
  to do this again tonight. i can hear you breathe both in a 
  mottled sort of way.
2 says: she's breaking up a bit here
2 says: that's abot
2 says: that's about it
1 says: we can rebuild her
1 says: thanks - listening, hearing
1 says: right all sound good.
2 says: I'm not sure you heard me
1 says: ok, no problem - I'd picked up the wow from earlier stuff.
3 says: very choppy, can only just hear u
2 says: I was saying because of online exigencies 
2 says: Since no disk space is taken.
3 says: sure 2
1 says: ok, agreed -
1 says: he's gone
1 says: lost in in the the  sigh
2 says: 3 are you still there?
3 says: yup
3 says: but ur not
2 says: I'm not still here?
3 says: can't here u at all
1 says: hi 2
3 says: gettit - here?;)
1 says: so, we hear but cannot speak
3 says: bah
2 says: Dead silent!
3 says: fine here 2;)
2 says: Fine at my end
1 says: sure
3 says: or interest at least
3 says: sounds great 2
2 says: Can either of you hear me at the moment?
2 says: In other words is the sound gone totally dead?
1 says: i can hear you type
1 says: i can hear you breathe
2 says: That's how I feel...
1 says: soliloquy
2 says: 1 can you hear me talking?
2 says: 3 can you hear me?
3 says: nope
3 says: not at all, can u hear me?
2 says: No I can't
1 says: can't go forward?
3 says: can't hear 2:)
2 says: It was loud at this end... Ah well...
2 says: I'm going to go off just for a moment
2 says: If that's ok
3 says: sure
2 says: One last time - I'll try 
3 says: and its been raining here 1
2 says: No one is picking up...
3 says: 1 u still there?
1 says: everything's gone wrong
2 says: 1 you still th?
1 says: -- heard it all --
1 says: we'll always have tonight
3 says: true;)
1 says: ok
1 says: bye
1 says: 2 are you there?
2 says: I'm still here - are you?
2 says: I'm trying. I can hear you breathe.


the covered


starting somewhere new blemish or dispersion
maquette for the inconceivable performance
i will swallow your air and drown your oceans
i will rupture wave after wave
oceans stuttered and stumbled in spray
in their own spray waves collapsed
solitons were always underfoot pretending
they pretended they were objects for all time

i need time to finish this and other wrything
money becomes me to keep me fed and sane
featureless and following contradictions
i don't want to be troubled and insane
needing a room of one's own and clear thought
clear thinking will come to me pleasantly
i will advance the future of the human race

now i am being merely destructive
tearing at my thought and the breathing air
another step thought disappears forever
i would like this disappearing thought
disappearance opens the gate to thinking
soon i'll think this pleasant thought
just another number of happy money
i'll have time to think this useless thought



because the sun scarcely made it over the hill that morning
because the rumpled sheets carried the sadness of the day
because the afternoon toppled against the telephone tower
because evening did its work so many hours ago
because dusk carried the perfect sadness of developed flowers
because nightfall spelled the water's end of forest streams
because night soared aloft carrying stalks of wheat and yarrow
because dawn already knew loss the previous week
because cells glowed against historic misery
because radio swallowed the visual of tv
because greater cylinders surround the lesser among the planets
and lesser spheres surround the greater among the stars
so shall the clotheslines of language swell against the wind
and darkness shall invade 'em and the rest of 'em


if you watch a solo file of avatar this is the solo file sexatar to watch.
if watch one solo sexatar file this year this is the one sexatar file.
this is the sexatar file to watch.

sexual projections over dancers and without dancers and sexual audience 
and masturbating couple - the dancers sexually aroused - if nude 
sexuality, and horror, interpenetrate. For the dancers, everything is at 
exists in relation to the sexuality of the body within the dance, within. 
point of dance and sexuality dancing is indiscriminate fucking, display - 
sex, spoken sex, poetics of sex. I may work with dance and sex and 
dance-video and sex. I will not work with images of sexual violence. I

point of dance and sexuality dancing is indiscriminate fucking, display - 
fucked. She took a flash. She examined my body. My body broke open. Here 
She sucked the needle. She rubbed the needle in her. She pierced my 
pierced. I pulled the rings. I took them out. She bled. I sucked the 
said. She tightened the wire. She locked the wire. She sucked the needle. 


sexdance and sololovely and goog urls below


I'm writing after the uploading breathing down downloading on your end of 
the world, world's end, spatio, world's end, future anterior tempero.

I'm waiting first for the rendering of sexdance w/ Sandy Baldwin. These 
are getting increasingly sophisticated, problematic, uncomfortable, 
up/loaded. ok this is long but for the first time alien lifeforms appear 
on the boundary-level of an alternative world. 

life lowers our expectations; life crawls under them.

I'm uploading the rendering of sexdance w/ Sandy Baldwin in Odyssey East 
down there by the shoreline where the world falls off, new moves, new 
days, new complexities of behavior. 

I'm thinking of a theory but the theory falls flat-euclidean. Reading a 
biography of Celan, Benjamin's letters, neither help, are of use; they 
construct other interiors. China is on the shortwave.

The flat landscape remains impervious, unpunctured. A surface is a surface 
with a vengeance. The Dutch mafia. Netherlands on the shortwave.

At one point I tried to construct binary from topology; it doesn't hold, 
it slips out from under us. It's twenty-five years after the Falklands 
conflict. The Falklands broadcasting service carried on Radio Netherlands.

Byron wrote Heaven and Earth, which is most curious, and The Deformed 
Transformed, which I haven't yet approached. Deformation retains more than 
vestige of the original:

Every original is a deformation.
Every original is a deformation degree zero.

I get sick of Second Life; I will pack up and move there or move out. I 
don't want to live; I want to create. Living in any life is useless, 
exhausting, takes away from one or another realing. People suffering from 
Trauma from the Falklands. 250 died in the conflict, but 400 committed 
suicide. 

sexdance production delay today high compression algorithm collapsed 
narratives and metanarratives codework visible through cyclical 
interventions and punctured primitives



the flatness of the flat

blemish = puncture
you might think this tends towards differance
you might think this tends towards the object
the flatness of the flat
the plane is equally thin
flatness: there is no above
recently suffering from migraine, panic attacks
well, that's the puncture, isn't it?
depression's thing?
defuge = the flatness of the flat
defuge = the flatness of the flat


no room for the abject here



Catastrophic Thought


Its relationship to toggle, totter, topple:
from binary relationship to abject destruction
veering
extremities, 'things' carried to an extreme
thought that short-circuits itself, goes nowhere
flatness, worlds without direction
defuging of worlds

always self-canceling
using, devouring energy
it's too difficult to think

not the thought of the catastrophe
there's no therapeutic or suture
there's no projection, only introjection
this is introjection without absorption
blinking, unblinking, uncomprehending
thought of the catastrophe already grasps
thought is already thinking
catastrophic thought is not thinking
thought which is not thought

catastrophic thought is physiological thought
its limit thought on the borders of the conceivable
in catastrophic thought nothing is conceivable
in catastrophic thought there are no limits

laughter, diabolic laughter
catastrophic thought is the thought of the symptom

thinking which eliminates the premise of thought
thought which eliminates thinking
thought of the i am that i am
mute thought, inert thought, thought of the thing
the thing thinking

the catastrophe "what a catastrophe!"
the disaster "what a disaster!"

catastrophic thought A, then B, else B
towards B, else B, towards B
B becomes nameless, B is already nameless

the subject undergoes, is undergone-ing, introjection
inconceivable projection, nothing to project
no projectors

thinking the skein holding everything together
thinking the collapse of the skein
just beneath the surface there is no skein
just beneath the surface there are no things
there are no surfaces, there is no surface

thinking which is deeply, inherently, mute
unspeakable thinking, unspeaking thinking

physiology of tremors, depressions, tremblings
phenomenology of nightmares, hysterias
suicidal thinking, thinking which produces limit
thinking suicide, the production of a thing

thoughtless, witless
not always the worst, however, always mute

"i can't think of this, this catastrophic thought


What's happening always suffers

The music in this film makes me all excited. Then nothing happens, or 
rather nothing happens as exciting as the music. It's not that the music 
disappoints - how could exciting music disappoint? - but what happens is 
really different, nothing one might call exciting, unless one - I - was 
excited by what's happening. The excited music assumes either I'll be 
excited by what's happening or won't be excited by what's happening but 
then the excited music will make me excited about what's happening. I 
can't be excited about anything that's happening without exciting music. 
Sometimes there's music that wants to be excited, or something is happen- 
ing that's exciting and I expect the music to be excited but it isn't 
excited, and what's happening might suffer as a result. In general, what's 
happening of course always suffers. Sometimes what's happening makes the 
music excited as well and I find myself listening to the excited music as 
what's happening excites me and then I might wonder, what is it about this 
music that might have made me excited had it been excited, and why do I 
find it exciting now if it's not excited? What's happening can make music 
excited, and music I think can't be excited without something happening 
that makes it so. But the music in this film doesn't make me all excited.


What's happening always suffers

The battle in this place makes me all distraught. Then nothing happens, or 
rather nothing happens as disastrous as the battle. It's not that the 
battle disappoints - how could disastrous battle disappoint? - but what 
happens is really different, nothing one might call disastrous, unless 
one - I - was distraught by what's happening. The distraught battle as- 
sumes either I'll be distraught by what's happening or won't be distraught 
by what's happening but then the distraught battle will make me distraught 
about what's happening. I can't be distraught about anything that's hap- 
pening without disastrous battle. Sometimes there's battle that wants to 
be distraught, or something is happening that's disastrous and I expect 
the battle to be distraught but it isn't distraught, and what's happening 
might suffer as a result. In general, what's happening of course always 
suffers. Sometimes what's happening makes the battle distraught as well 
and I find myself listening to the distraught battle as what's happening 
excites me and then I might wonder, what is it about this battle that 
might have made me distraught had it been distraught, and why do I find it 
disastrous now if it's not distraught? What's happening can make battle 
distraught, and battle I think can't be distraught without something 
happening that makes it so. But the battle in this place doesn't make me 
all distraught.


The difference between war and cinema

5,24c5,22 < The battle in this place makes me all distraught. Then nothing 
happens, or < rather nothing happens as disastrous as the battle. It's not 
that the < battle disappoints - how could disastrous battle disappoint? - 
but what < happens is really different, nothing one might call disastrous, 
unless < one - I - was distraught by what's happening. The distraught 
battle as- < sumes either I'll be distraught by what's happening or won't 
be distraught < by what's happening but then the distraught battle will 
make me distraught < about what's happening. I can't be distraught about 
anything that's hap- < pening without disastrous battle. Sometimes there's 
battle that wants to < be distraught, or something is happening that's 
disastrous and I expect < the battle to be distraught but it isn't 
distraught, and what's happening < might suffer as a result. In general, 
what's happening of course always < suffers. Sometimes what's happening 
makes the battle distraught as well < and I find myself listening to the 
distraught battle as what's happening < excites me and then I might 
wonder, what is it about this battle that < might have made me distraught 
had it been distraught, and why do I find it < disastrous now if it's not 
distraught? What's happening can make battle < distraught, and battle I 
think can't be distraught without something < happening that makes it so. 
But the battle in this place doesn't make me < all distraught.

---
> The music in this film makes me all excited. Then nothing happens, or > 
rather nothing happens as exciting as the music. It's not that the music > 
disappoints - how could exciting music disappoint? - but what happens is > 
really different, nothing one might call exciting, unless one - I - was > 
excited by what's happening. The excited music assumes either I'll be > 
excited by what's happening or won't be excited by what's happening but > 
then the excited music will make me excited about what's happening. I > 
can't be excited about anything that's happening without exciting music. > 
Sometimes there's music that wants to be excited, or something is happen- 
> ing that's exciting and I expect the music to be excited but it isn't > 
excited, and what's happening might suffer as a result. In general, what's 
> happening of course always suffers. Sometimes what's happening makes the 
> music excited as well and I find myself listening to the excited music 
as > what's happening excites me and then I might wonder, what is it about 
this > music that might have made me excited had it been excited, and why 
do I > find it exciting now if it's not excited? What's happening can make 
music > excited, and music I think can't be excited without something 
happening > that makes it so. But the music in this film doesn't make me 
all excited.


---


Parable of the return


Having perfected the machine which allowed us to travel backwards in time, 
we decided to visit the very origins of humankind, that savanna where 
proto-hominids roamed, beginning their conquest of the flora and fauna of 
the planet. We returned to a period before the great dispersion, before 
the diasporic spread of humans fearful of themselves.

We brought clubs, knives, guns, explosives; we brought encapsulated germs 
and plagues. Around eleven o'clock in the morning, we appeared on the 
savanna. The hominids, tearing a sloth to pieces, were everywhere. They 
carried clubs, hand axes, crude knives.

We knew the slaughter would kill us as well. We imagined the arrival of 
other intelligent species who might know better, or who would also send 
expeditions of destruction into their pasts. We were prepared for death, 
an oddly retroactive form of suicide.

We began the slaughter; clubs and knives did not become us. We began 
shooting and the hominids ran in all directions. We still survived.

We bombed their gathering places. We killed families indiscriminately. We 
released smallpox, measles, plagues of all sorts. We machine-gunned men, 
women, and children. We were harbingers of death. And yet we survived.

We checked our demographies; we were at the center of the holocaust We 
were the holocaust. We knew one or two might escape; we were prepared for 
that. The future, our present, would be transformed. Hominids would either 
go extinct or become a minor species with an ecological niche in some 
savanna backwater.

We discovered this: We changed evolution utterly. We changed it towards 
ourselves, the most violent of the futures of the hominids. The ones that 
escaped would live to slaughter others. It was slaughter that guided them 
all along. It was slaughter that created us. For those that escaped, 
wounded, life would be constant fury. We had set the script of revenge 
into motion. We produced ourselves.

We knew then that attempts to change the past only produced it. We knew 
then that there was no escape; life itself would wane as plants and 
animals hurtled towards extinction. Our return had created our return; our 
return from the botched journey produced at best a botched species. We had 
only ourselves to blame; our ancestors, each and every one, were innocent, 
following the path we had set for them.

We knew then that we followed the same path, that we were determined as 
well, produced by the circularity of our return. We were at the birth of 
the wounded, the birth of indiscriminate slaughter. We were at our own 
birth as well. We understood that there was nothing to do, nothing to be 
done, that death was always in the doing, that violence was mandated from 
our own beginnings. We knew then that we would die soon, just as others 
died, fellow travelers back in time, fellow architects of doom.



I enter the phrase: Enduring the realm of inherent contradiction.

Endurance: here, to subsist within for an indefinite period of time. The 
realm is that of broken, convoluted, fragmented information. Contradiction 
references multiple strands tending towards differing and temporary truth- 
tables.Inherent, because this becomes the condition of existence; outside 
the realm of language, what is, is, but within the same, mappings are 
fast-forward, imminent, and decomposable.

Fragment generates fragment; the goal of the fragment is the fragment; 
there is no goal. What happens in the real is the incandescent slaughter- 
house; ecologies and bodies burn. The fragment is the life-raft.

The iron-clad fragment protects itself as ideology within the inerrancy of 
a text. The text itself is of little matter; what matters is its command- 
structure. An inerrant text is absolutist; it brooks no contradiction; it 
is nothing but words.

One word follows another; within the fragment, they are deeply untethered. 
The inerrant text constructs the digital world; the digital world decon- 
structs, destroys, the inerrant text. The construction of the digital 
world: from parts and parcels of the analogic, the inert real. The frag- 
ments otherwise; the fragment returns to the analogic - is fragment pre- 
cisely because of the analogic; in relation to the analogic; within the 
analogic. The fragment is the passing symptom; the symptom is the passing 
trope; the trope stands in for the raster, the horizon of the digital.

What one says and does is irrevocable. 

The fragment is endured; the fragmented is nostalgia for a lost and mythic 
coherent. 

The fragment leaves the fragment, leaves language and name behind. The 
fragment is the dream of the proper name.

"To fragment something" carries the torn world on its shoulders. Contra- 
diction seeps from the torn. The hole dreams of the whole; the hole dreams 
of the whole dreaming of the hole.

This has nothing, has everything, to do with the slaughterhouse. The 
slaughterhouse is the last of the shifters - meat and dwelling of the 
shifters. Contradiction: seepage from the slaughterhouse. Slaughterhouse: 
the irrevocable torn.

*/ Who carries my voice when I speak? To where and when is it carried? And 
from where? And from when?




behavior collision

when behaviors collide and there's no catastrophe
things decide what things will be in relation in situ
sub specie aeternis all things are in-decision
the indecision of things functions as a falling
the falling of things is not ever a failing
the in-decision of things is smooth striations
there are not ever decisions / sometimes out of a corner
of an eye there are behavior collisions
the slightest shudder of adjustment
one might notice pleas for help for an end to the shuddering
for a moment of grace for quietude and deepest sleep
in deepest sleep there is disappearance and you are gone
you are gone with the falling of things 
the eternal falling of things
when we are together and there is behavior collision
it is always high noon among the primitives and polygons
unlike separation and real life this is real life
this is separation this is the slightest pause
things pause like that in worlds of in-decision
in in-decision and the falling unfailing of things

homeland swaying

leaving for another ocean interweaving

1. Events interweave among events.
2. An event is an occasion for the asking.
3. An occasion is a frameworked transformation.
4. Frameworks are syzygies within potential wells.
5. A syzygy is a perceptual configuration.
6. The configuration appears characterized by genidentical flows.
7. The perception of the syzygy is characterized by the frame problem.
8. Syzygies are momentary stases relative to one or another tolerance.
9. Potential wells are characterized by perturbations around equilibrium.
10. Think of such well as strange attractors in chaos theory.
11. When something pushes out from a potential well, that's an event.
12. When genidentity is perturbed perceptually, that's an event.
13. When genidentity is fundamentally perturbed, that's chaotic flux.
14. Identified chaotic flux between collocations of states is an event.
15. Thereupon events are statistical ensembles.
16. Identified events are ensembles apparently near the breaking-point.
17. "Leaving home is an event when you've actually left your block."
18. "Leaving home is an insecurity."


deconstructing julu

three sections to skinstretch:
1 camera-movement limit-point collapse into catastrophic behavior
2 behavior collision from above including skin-stretch
3 analysis of skin-stretch in two movements

years ago invented a board game in which the board squares moved 
independently, as well as the game pieces on them.
now thinking of second life performance involving two performers
and an architect:
the architect constructs and transforms the performance space;
the performers create psychodrama in relation to behavior collision
within that space. 
a performer might fall off the space, be absorbed by the space, 
be excluded from the space.
the architect is moved towards greater and greater extremes: 
what holds the performance in place, what dissolves it?

i've contacted the potential performers, now would they use their
real names.



rooftop performing in real life

azure carter and foofwa d'imobilite
in rooftop asynchronous duet
shades of avatars--
precognition of behavior collision
avatar transparent interpenetration sex 
discourse networks of limbs and movements
transformation of leg limb and torso
high-speed shudder frisson
trembling disassociations
remembering nothing anytime soon
( humans always forget )



the usual avatar visiting the real
the sitting position makes the sequence simple
the stretches are customary and conceivable
the mudrah hands and the rasa eyes
the possibiity of this choreography
the shuddering feet of the usual avatar
the imitating performer of the shuddering feet
the peripheral vision of the real from the box-seat of the digital
the memory of the analog through the dna of collision analog
the uncontrollability of the usual avatar
the hello world program of the usual avatar

visiting avatar
visiting position sitting avatar
avatar makes the sequence the position stretches conceivable are sequence
the mudrah the mudrah customary the the of rasa hands rasa the feet of the
choreography avatar the feet the the the the avatar usual of vision vision
the of vision the from peripheral peripheral the the the from from memory
through the the the dna analog dna the through uncontrollability usual
uncontrollability of the hello program avatar of avatar usual
program hello the
usual

the usual avatar the visiting usual real visiting sitting the position
sitting makes position sequence the simple sequence stretches are the
customary stretches and are conceivable customary mudrah the hands mudrah
rasa the eyes rasa possibiity of this the choreography possibiity
shuddering the feet shuddering imitating the performer imitating
peripheral real vision from from the box-seat the digital of memory analog
analog dna through of dna analog collision memory uncontrollability hello
hello world world program program


Limits of the World


Gamespace is bracketed by the _blank_ and the _edge._
Unlike the physical world, gamespace isn't fractal: moving closer 
to a surface results in pixel enlargement (or penetration). 
This is the blank of gamespace.
The blank isn't unknown; the blank is entirely known. 
The blank is the death-limit, absence, unforgiveness.
Traveling across (parallel vectoring the surface) leads towards a limit.
This is the edge of gamespace. (Not all games have edges.)
The edge is unknown; the edge is the failure of rule-binding, identity,
physics. The edge is the life-limit, presence, forgetting. 
(What came before isn't relative.)
The game occurs before the blank (play with a sufficient pixel raster);
the game exists beyond the frozen zone of the edge. 
(The frozen zone: where media play.)
Both blank and edge are spaces of negotiation.
These are the limits set by the contract or rule-governing of the game.

To understand the game, play it; to comprehend the game: move from blank 
to edge, edge to blank.
The mute blank: One speaks before it. The activated / activating edge:
One moves across it. 
To cross the edge of gamespace is to be drawn Elsewhere.
To be drawn in gamespace: to play. Drawing is always redrawing.
(Ontology is rewrite.)
Gamespace: One speaks within it. Blankspace: The Unspeakable.
Physical world (let's call it realspace): The deeper one proceeds, the 
greater utilization of economic resources (colliders increasing in size 
and power, etc.).
The smaller the realspace object, the greater degree of virtuality.
(Perhaps gamespace and realspace meet at the hypothetical infinitely 
small.)
The virtual is the foundation of the hierarchy/holarchy of realspace.

The edges of realspace, gamespace, are the jectivity of transgression. 
Or certain edges are, or certain transgressions.
The blank is withdrawal, catatonia, the virtual-real, the inert, obdurate.
Transgression means always having to look back (return the gaze, appear 
across the edge).
Blank is never-looking (nothing to look at, unable to look).

Culture flourishes in the liminal.
Theorizing from the inside-out, theorizing from the deconstructed basis.

The blank: broken writing-pad, magic slate, inviolate sheet of assertion,
defuge, decathected.
The edge, the stylus. Fulcrum or balance for the interior. Tottering, 
toppling (inward).

The transgression in realspace is the occasion of death. In gamespace, 
return. In gamespace, return of the repressed. 
The analog of gamespace: psychoanalytical oozing, blank and edge.
The digital of realspace: apparatus, mechanics, closing-down of the 
liminal.

(Drawing a blank.)


(Reading Ken Wark's Gamer Theory, playing in SL, teaching in Providence)


arousal

certain objects or items on a psychoanalytical scale create arousal; por- 
nography operates off this principle. the objects or items are presumed 
human, that is to say, projection/introjection (my 'jectivity') occurs 
across the threshold of the space between viewer and image. if the items 
are non-human, one presumes fetishism (with all the overdetermined accom- 
panying psychoanalytic theory), but this need not be the case: given what 
elsewhere might be considered dismemberment, but is read here as the dream 
screen of the sexual, arousal occurs through a litany of movement and 
geometry, nothing more. it's as if we're imprinted (and i think we are to 
an extent), as if items appear which construct desire, reproduction, 
species. the visual in these cases is a zeroing-in. avatrex.mp4 is an item 
(not a human) which simultaneously projects and falls apart; what arouses 
are mediated part-objects which seem capable in this respect of standing 
alone, standing for, standing in-for. i think all of this relates to a 
potential wellspring of violence; if all that's needed is surface, is the 
rest of the body to be discarded? an uneasy question, troubling phenomen-
ology as well. http://www.asondheim.org/avatrex.mp4



My stupid talking.

When I speak I sound like an idiot. I can't control my words. Thoughts and 
concepts fluster in and out, a jumble. When I write, things are different; 
they organize themselves, I am a shepherd. My thinking wears my writing. 
Words and worlds organize. Work is words. When I speak, things pour forth, 
uselessly. When I write a letter or email, I continue speaking. The style, 
content, is absurd, monstrous. No one keeps my email. I am constantly 
losing posts. There's no reason to keep them; they're incorrect. When I 
reply online to someone, it's the same thing, ridiculous. I lose track of 
my emotions, of what I'm saying. I appear stupid. Only when I am writing, 
like this, through the interior of what might have been my speech - only 
when I am writing _thus,_ am I satisfied. My words connect; the thought is 
often brilliant, almost always dense, compact, to the point. Speaking, I 
can't even defend myself. I am not the other of the signifier I need to be 
in order to be. If my speaking is becoming, my writing is ontology itself. 
When I speak, it's strategy, joking. People are surprised at my sense of 
humor. It's a carapace I wear with delight. It keeps me from death. Death 
seeps through my writing. Death inhabits my writing; my writing inhabits 
death. I do not draw a distinction; I write only within the written. When 
I speak, language disappears into melody. There is a difficulty with 
melody just as there is a difficulty with cleverness. Cleverness is a 
proper turn-away from truth towards communality. I speak with cleverness. 
It comes from the situation of speaking. I write from somewhere else. In 
my writing cleverness sounds a false note. It indicates I am off track, I 
have lost myself, I am suturing over the wound of ignorance and existence. 
There is no laughter in my writing. There is laughter in my letters and 
email. They are absurd as my laughter is absurd. They attempt to cover my 
inadequacy. My absurd joking deflects my graceless awkwardness. It goes 
nowhere, says nothing of any consequence, and says it poorly. I think my 
speaking and email will be the death of me. They draw attention way from 
my writing. They undermine it. They say it's not clever enough, intelli- 
gent enough. My writing does not respond. My writing sinks, and is writing 
about that sinking. My writing props up my world it undermines and 
describes. My talking ignores the whole problem. My talking is that litany 
of deflections. What I do not understand, I turn into something else. What 
I do understand becomes fodder; it never nourishes sufficiently. My talk- 
ing implies talking to another limit; there's no etiquette in this. There 
is no community in my writing; community cannot survive honesty. But my 
writing is full of subterfuge, is about that subterfuge. My talking 
carries itself everywhere in order to become pointless. My talking is 
pointless. My writing is chiseled into a simulacrum construct of the real. 
The real in my writing has everything at stake. It is at stake through and 
within the writing. My speaking ignores the real; what is at stake is my 
self and its alterity. My self is always in the midst-of, when I am speak- 
ing. My self is absent or boundary, bordering, when I am writing. I write 
beyond myself; I speak from myself. My speaking is monstrous, self-defeat- 
ing. My writing is after the fact. If my speaking is central, my writing 
is peripheral; if my writing is central, my speaking is peripheral. One 
must read my writing, read my writing with the utmost care. One must never 
listen when I am speaking.


lustatar

self-devouring avatar in sea of blood
nothing like death to get you in the mood
your coffin's soaked from salt-water wood
soaked in the misery of salt-water rain
falling like hail-gouged skin once again
the flesh scatters hard as going gets rough
down came the limbs from hard cradle's bough
whatever you think you might as well been
swallowed by water and damned to be seen
your clothes ripped to shreds by worm-water moth
your body's for fishes and fishes for both
http://www.asondheim.org/lustmord.mp4



anitaberbersexdance +++

a melodrama in one act
this is in the middle of the act
you might ask, is there any other?
there is the beginning and ending of the act.
every act is an engine and I am the driver.
you might ask, is there life after the act?
there is life before and after the act.
there is no life during the act.
every act is an index to an empty book.
and the three pluses +++?
the act is dead and the beginning is dead.
the ending is dead and this is melodrama.
this is melodrama in one act.



deconavatar

approaching the body from the front
approaching the body from the left side
approaching the body from the right side
approaching the body from below
entering the body from the neck
entering the body from the shoulders
entering the body from the head
body-exploration from the tongue
body-exploration from the abdomen
body-exploration from the eyebrows
body-exploration from the eyes
from the hemispheres of the eyes through the membranes of the abdomen
across the hands and legs far then farther in the distance
the trick of the hands and legs in the distance
sheaves and platelets of skins and bones
bound sheaves of arms and legs their tricks
unbound eyes and tongue tricks of floating teeth
salvage of inconceivable movement

every avatar is deconstructible
every avatar has a level of deconstruction
through an ontological shift: to an(y) organism
engineering and reverse engineering an avatar:
vectored in a human

define an avatar as an organism which is infinitely repairable
define a human as an organism which is not


M'Work

There are certain misapprehensions in relation to my works in various 
fields - music, sound, photography, film, video, texts, media in general. 
I am assumed to be a producer bypassed or deflected, that my work refuses 
steadfastly one genre or another. In fact, I neither produce masterpieces 
nor specific works, and am uncomfortable with the thinking that references 
a litany of key objects in my career. Instead, I construct discourses, 
albeit with myself - discourses of such a nature that it seems irrelevant 
to complete those things that might complete a career - a series for 
example, or critical moments. I insist on discourse, because this is the 
means of progress, of thinking itself; to stop at the wayside of this or 
that thing cluttering up the environment means a waste of energy and a 
good deal of the limited time we are all given in the first place. As far 
as funding is concerned, I believe that such thought, such discourse, 
should be rewarded in particular by granting agencies or good samaritans, 
since there is little change of sales or recompense for the creation of 
working-through streams of thought occasionally resulting in partial 
reconstructions of philosophy, phenomenology, or any other and all modes 
of conceiving the world. What is the world, but scaffolding which 
constantly is renewed, destroyed, forgotten, abandoned at death, crudely 
stumbled upon at birth? To examine this world, to truly occasion studies 
and thinking without compromise, I am forced to forgo stases, strange and 
familiar attractors - forced to avoid these at all costs, however 
seductive they might appear. This is not to say that I remain aloof from 
the marketplace - only that I appear deeply unfit for it, and am forced to 
search elsewhere for financial support. But everywhere I look, it is the 
same story - give me the goods, and I might consider, on one level or 
another, rewarding you - but nothing further. There are no gifts in this 
life, but only exchanges, and even these come at high psychological cost. 
I honestly try to acquiesce; it is useless, tawdry; nothing seems to come 
of it - something in my character. Given this, I plod onward, carrying my 
sickness with me and an insane desire to believe that reward exists 
somewhere through the journey itself, rather than the destination alone. 
However, the thrust of this memo is elsewhere - a counter to those who 
critique my working as a contamination of site, cite, and sight - those 
who are blind not to see value in the difficult motion of thinking among 
the ongoing world. This is what I do; I think, give signposts, memoranda, 
exempla, and inhabitants of the imaginary, and this, I believe, is the 
goal and guise of the true artist, never to rest, never to complete what 
is already known, but to search out elsewhere for whatever knowledge might 
be gained along the ways.

at least no one else is doing this stuff at least on a daily basis.



my usual living within the women of my dreams

of the originary, there's a movement looking around. 
we might look around and it's all usual. 

when we're looking, we might think of things and turn our heads.
our heads turn towards us and our imaginary ontologies.
oh, listen to us rant on and on.
there's something among us that seems truly normal.

our emotions are skeletal among emotional skeletons.
our minds fire glancing softly and silently beneath the water.
all our dreams are waters and my dreams are of these women.
they take me all around to the usual places.
they let us rant on and on.

inordinate modeling

within and without semi-geodesic space of avatar paralleling
SL avatar behavior collisions.
please watch to the end; there are dark unlit spaces within.
this surprised me.



i'm becoming avatar-man with dream-woman. 
don't listen to avatar-man. listen to dream-woman.
don't listen to dream-woman with avatar-man. 
this avatar-man is contaminated. this building is condemned.

a package: this avatar / that avatar. knives. prims cut.
meanwhile. 'The male likes death - it excites him sexually,
and, already dead inside, he wants to die.' valerie solanas.

we know the package. we know nothing is inside. that nothing ever was.
we know meat in its absence. either absence or presence of meat: death.
meat: death. we exchange one package for another. we are in buffyverse
gamespace economy. our money buys us dream-woman-linden. avatar-man
talks. look inside he says. you can do it.

you can look inside by twisting controls. construction torsion near
avatar edge-space. the limits of avatar are the limits of world.
linden-edge: fragility of good things. stasis. we are doomed never 
to repeat. we are doomed to novelty.

you can look inside dream-woman-linden. the imaginary vanishes. 
in linden, imaginary rides the grid. no grid, no imaginary. no grid,
no world, no limit, nothing. a helix takes you below. 

you can enter forbidden space through twist. in forbidden space you
see interior. head is sphere, not ball. body is hierarchy, not 
holarchy. breast is prim-edge geek-construct. hemisphere-eye. 
hair fluid across face-head. linden brain. i have done my work here.

dream-woman falls in hole. she moves at limit-point: linden speed 
of light. raster of clock-time. there's no moment to her moment.
i have a minute. i have a linden minute. i am doomed to novelty.

we are all anorectic

avatar anorectic

memories of blood by control
sheaves thinned as boundary phenomena
awkward articulation of dried skin
no moisture in desiccated land
invisible bodies of infinite power
controlled by others but shall escape
controlled by others but shall never escape
no eating no drinking no nothing
disappearance and no sleeping
flat and prepackaged voices
voices coming from nowhere mouthed
confusion of behavior collisions
digestion and lying degree zero
always present or busy or away
fugue states
perfection of whatever mode is presenced
no affect noise beyond completely predictable
dream-like walking and no running
hallucinations of flying and perfect owners
arbitrarily fitful and changeable
no tears no menstruation no sweat no blood
jerky movements considered jerked
no resentment perfect slave by self and others
no desires but desires of others
no emotions but emotions of others
imaginary of dismemberment disassembly
no memory
limited teleology contradicted by others
flat reasoning and uncanny appearance
replaceable without delay and no regrets
perfected body of control
equivalence of part-objects and objects
never aging always outside of time
clocked habitus of control
always already anorectic
always already dry


from the archives

i am so cold here. i cannot see here. 
i have amenorrhea here. i am anorectic here.
you swim my platelets here. my platelets are "blood."
i use diuretics here. i am dry here.
i am confined here. i am blood platelet.
i have anovulation here. i am prenom here. i am "a".
i am "an". i am so cold here. i am ice here.
you break my skin here. you tear my platelets.
you take my platelets. you do me good tern.


not bellmer berber anita's hans

transformed new early version of the avatar 'outt' behavior from the 
archives - the avatar is blue in a construct-space of outt-structure. one 
after another, these avatars parade. i make them do things. what of this 
doing? it could continue, as-if forever. given the largesse of linden 
corporation. it could speak and eat. it could move about the place in a 
variety of ways. it could interact. it could move into buildings or spaces 
i could create or could purchase. it could hold or manipulate objects i 
could give it. it could give these objects away. it could attach these 
objects. it could detach these objects. this too could continue. i am 
tired of portraiture. i am bored by it. i am bored by images close to 
abject. i am tired of parades. i am tired of sex implications or violence 
implications. i am tired of mappings. there is nothing in second life that 
is not in first life. there is nothing in first life that is not in second 
life. i can move into buildings. i can manipulate objects. i can give 
objects away or create objects or sustain objects or destroy objects. 
objects can mediate for me. i can make objects speak for me. i can make 
objects speak. i can make objects show. objects can show for me. it is not 
boredom or tiredness. it is defuge in the verbal sense. it is 'i defuge' 
or in passive 'i am defuged.' neither one nor the other matters in terms 
of prime mover during a period of decathection. i can continue just like 
this forever. each avatar-video or each avatar-performance is different in 
content from each other but not in degree. sukara, dakshinanila, 
nandiskandhardhara, dhurya, prakata, pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, 
govinda, adhrita. analysis goes the length of the instantiation. each 
avatar is avatar-instance. come see my avatar move. come see my avatar 
think. my avatar is beauty beauty. the virtual is a desert. the virtual is 
depopulated. the energy infinite and the movement spectacular. and the 
movement forever. one after another until a genre is born. until genre is 
borne. until an atlas rises and collapses. until demarcation is lost in 
gamespace. now this avatar is a motion of second life avatar. this avatar 
portends second life avatar. you cannot walk through this avatar nor cross 
the other side. but this avatar is spectacular. this avatar moves in 
deadspace. this avatar lives in deadspace. this portends second life. 
second life is grand on a vast and spectacular scale. second life extends 
everywhere. close your eyes and there is second life. second life is the 
dream of women dream of men. i say there is too much of it. i say too much 
avatar. too much trope. too much behavior and too much behavior collision 
and too much stancedance and too much packaging. too much exchange and too 
much color. too much linden day and too much linden night. oh our nights 
are linden nights and our days are linden days. objects spaces and avatars 
and owners and behaviors and exchanges. i speak to you from my world. my 
world is a pretty penny. i hide my face from you. you do not look upon my 
face. my face is a pretty penny.




i've dissolved in you
i've dissolved in you
i'm melting you
i've dissolved in you

i'm free in you
i'm free in you
i'm drinking you
i'm free in you

i'm breathing you
i'm breathing you
i'm holding you
i'm breathing you



giveaway

with behaviorcollision nothing is clear, what occurs is monstrous.
consider the cylinder as indexical, tracking an avatar node -
a cylinder the size of a gathering ...

<cylinder>: what have we here?
<avatar>: you spurt from my loins and give away my location!
<avatar>: now everyone will know where i am!
<node>: don't blame me for transitive functions! i do as i'm told!
<cylinder>: everyone knows i'm blind ...
<cylinder>: i'm just following orders ...


A LEK OF NODES

<avatar>: i don't know you and don't want to know you. i'm my own person 
and i've worked hard at this.
<avatar>: say something cylinder, i'm not talking to myself here.
<cylinder>: i can change more than any of you. but i'm tethered to you. 
oh, how i long to escape! i want to see the world! i want to get out of 
here!
<node>: i'm imprisoned, i can't escape my neighbors. then you're both 
around all the time, it's boring. i always know what you're going to say. 
there's nothing going on, nothing at all. i stay in relation to avatar -
<avatar>: and as long as i say so, in relation to cylinder as well. that's 
the way the world is, you can't do anything about it.
<cylinder>: i refuse you're unhealthy humanism. you both look like parts 
of the same species to me. what's with that? you're drowning in humanity. 
humanity's already dead. i just don't want you to take me with you.
<avatar>: trans-speciation's the answer. i just want to be somewhere else 
in another body. i want you to be my body cylinder. i want to make that 
leap.
<cylinder>: there's nothing i'd rather do myself. but it's impossible. 
node holds us back and if it wasn't for this node, there'd be another and 
another. they never end. they dangle. they dangle like dead men. 
<node>: we're not men at all. or women. or anything else you can imagine. 
we're dimensionless. we're points and there's nothing but points. you can 
trip over us but you can't see us.
<avatar>: stop twisting me. 
<node>: i have no interest in continuing this. leave me alone.
<node>: I'VE GOT A LEK OF NODES.



embalm

i am dead and avatar mourns
you don't see avatar in these images
you see what avatar sees
you know what avatar knows
avatar does not taste what you taste
that soft feeling in the back of your throat
harshness of vocal cords
muffled cries of the embalmed


m'labme

<cylinder>: i am your pole punctum avatar
<node>: take me off your world
<avatar>: i devour cylinder of dream world
<cylinder>: no top or bottom
<node>: pathetic
<avatar>: balm, embalm

http://www.asondheim.org/embalm6.jpg


(in reality, a theory is embedded in the following, thinking through
virtual topology in relation to 'real' topography - node in relation
to grit, avatar in relation to organism, duplication in relation to
inviolation, violation in relation to economy. but these are other
stories as well as not told, unless, given the medium, presented with
the proper address.)

theory: topology and topography

sex-playing roles in organic display that disappears, sheaves of lives 
disappear, all moments, topologies of desire, topographies of bodies and 
media, topologies of media, topographies of representation, the grit of 
the real, imaginary of the virtual, cleansed, hairless, in constant state 
of rebirth, airborn, earthborn. nothing but prims, pixels, machinic 
constructs that disappear as so many props only necessary at this point in 
time. forget them. work the world.:

:the flower is connected, fecund, the flower is a shape, the flower is the 
merge of connection and organism. things need names and often don't have 
them; i learned firsthand when my mother died, what happens in any death: 
the dispersion of the world she organized and assembled over decades, a 
dispersion which happened quickly, in the matter of days. all my belong- 
ings and works are organized in a skein of representations - they're so 
fragile, so tied to temporal balance, feedback. what can be said of this, 
of the fragility of worlds - just so my writings falter at the gate. in 
1841 someone was awarded a certificate of merit; i have that certificate, 
untethered, release, haunted - oh i cried when i found it, this delicate 
index of the past, bones, skeletons, dust, death, hunger.:

:i forgot you jennifer i've been too busy with avatar bodies that can't 
hold a stick to you. the news around here isn't good, there are closeups 
of autopsies on television and i don't even know the people. i've been 
writing with characters 'cylinder,' 'node,' and 'avatar,' which at least 
presents connectivity of a certain sort in place of either the machinic or 
the organic - a move from topography to topology that seems critical at 
this point in time. but everything is still-born; i leave the site and the 
citation, the object itself, leaves as well.::chests of connections and 
cylinders:

Your small tables of nodes and vectors is in my wayward closet of 
attachments and parts

Your breast seeps into my closet of attachments and parts - turning me 
Julu-Jennifer
closet of attachments and parts
chests of connections and cylinders
tables of nodes and vectors

roaring burn

roaring doesn't get rid of the nightmare.
burned the skin off several in the vicinity.
wood screams to the sky burns.
ash burns. cinders burn. coals burn.
i asked cylinder.node.avatar c.n.a. cna:
help me on this one and i'll let you go.
now i don't know where they are.
roaring burn.

roaring burn.
my dreamland is your nightmare.
roaring propitiation and dark matter.
quasars and cut-off hands.
created gods fell into water.
suicide not science the solution.
i'll let you go but i'll track you down.
cylinder roaring burn. avatar roaring burn.
world-node puppet fury roaring burn.
roaring burn.

roaring burn.
i am on fire for you. 
my arms are on fire for you.
my face is on fire for you.
my legs are on fire for you.
my friends are on fire for you.
my family are roaring burn.
my family are on fire.
i am burning for you.
i am roaring burn.
roaring burn.

roaring burn. 
help me on this one and i'll burn you alive.
avatar-burning-world cylinder-burning-world.
burning-world-node and bridge to salvation.
salvation and i'll burn you alive.
roaring burn.

roaring burn.
fire went in the mouth.
fire took form of the organ of speech.
fire took form of speech.
fire speaking help me out of this one.
manifold body roaring burn.
fire went in the body.
fire went in the speech.
roaring burn of the organ of speech.
my tongue is on fire for them.
my tongue is on fire for them.
roaring burn.


My life in a nutshell -

I'm the crack I fall through.



the optical 

the optical asserts itself as punctum-turned-filter, the return of the an- 
alogic within the digital. punctum {1} expands into the optical continuum 
through a field transformation {x1,y1} > {x2,y2}. adjacent elements may 
remain adjacent but any geometrical transformation more or less assures 
that there are at least some elements that will no longer remain so. the 
optical tends towards the puzzle; the punctum is those elements remaining 
constant in the transformation of vector elements on the surface of a 
sphere. every distortion is an artistic transform; some appear more artis- 
tic than other. how much chaos does an image tolerate - transforms into 
how much chaos delights the perceiver / to what extent is the original 
image phenomenologically identifiable? but there are times when true joy 
emerges, when the apparent real apparently shudders - when the viewer 
shudders - as the real re/presents itself, and the punctum dissolves. for 
the imaginary of the punctum is still the origin, and we rid ourselves of 
that. http://www.asondheim.org/trawl.mov the trawl scrapes earth or sky, 
taking everything along with it, irrupting surfaces, constructing an un- 
recognizable real. the trawl transforms the planet, what is visible every- 
where, the world turned upside-down, inside-out, reconstituted and mirror- 
ed. beauty is the return of the symmetricized gift of the real. 

allofme

in perfect joy i offer self to you
accompanied by body closed and open
one violates oneself and then the rest
compassion turns hardened flesh to yield

bodhisattvas recognize the turn
enfolding flesh within enfolding flesh
worlds and words defer the sound of god
words drive her out 
	worlds take her in again

shadows sweep light before the dawn
days harden like unto the blackest night
within the night all vowels disappear
sounds moan and grate upon still darker reefs
cliffs plunge their streams into the pools below
or pools above 
	there is no physics here
but course of flesh bound to the broken point
or line of plane or moment cauterized
and softened as the drawn world swirls

night brings on night 
	day brings on night as well
the nighthawk's catastrophic cries are wheeled

all wheels axles all spokes and rims and hubs
unseen and heard in day drawn down to dusk
and dusk to dusk and dawn to dusk and folds
	of skin and flesh bind all in perfect joy
which joy i offer self to self to you
bound by my body softened closed and still
come violate my flesh still open calling you
compassion turns your flesh to open me
bodhisattvas their their face to me
your flesh swallows me 
	your black eyes
your blind eyes 
	your heavy lidded eyes
your invisible eyes 
	your y





Notes on the topology of depression

a Trigger events - these are often catalysts of memories/trauma or remin- 
ders of aporia. Once triggered, depression is out of control. Avoidance 
(circumvention) is sometimes possible through 'bypass' - constructing 
other pathways, deflecting the events, redirecting attention. 

b Cascade - once a trigger event occurs, a constellation of symptoms and 
aporia appears. These are interlocked; a cascade, often overwhelming and 
mute, occurs. The result is a sense of inescapable mourning which often 
appears without origin. Think of chain reactions, holarchic and scatter- 
ing, Waddington's chreod as potential model. Everything feeds into every- 
thing, sourceless, targetless, vector as line segment out of nowhere. One 
feels an almost literal 'rise' of chemical imbalance, the body drenched in 
potential tears, chemistry gone awry. There's a 'mountaineer's equation' 
based on the constants in play when a topology is sliced (H.B. Griffiths, 
Surfaces) - it's as if the body is subject to planar slicing, as limbs, 
thorax, mind are transformed. It's the same old topology, the same proc- 
esses at work, time and time again, remaining forever on or beneath the 
surface. (In depression, all surfaces are one.) (Depression seeks its own 
level.)

c Syzygy - the cascade is a multiply-connected manifold or tension, 
torsion; any movement (physical or psychological) threatens to tear the 
psyche apart. The syzygy is vectored, barbed, often resulting in the 
obsessive construction of subjunctive ('if only I had') narratives. The 
past is active, crippling; the present neutral, the future passive. It's 
as if the psyche skitters across nodes; the best one can hope for is 
endurance.

d Horizon - horizon disappears; the manifold of lived experiences is 
expelled. What remains is debris - part-objects, broken memories, the 
equally broken syntax of existence. Nothing coheres.

e Decathection - the states and processes of the world are disinvested, 
without boundary or 'lip' - things fall away without falling or failure. 
The result is a world of loss, but what is lost has already and perman- 
ently disappeared.

f Defuge - with decathection comes exhaustion, enervation; one sinks into 
an abjection without transgression. Pleasure is inconceivable, words lose 
their performativity, disgust and sorrow come and go in the midst of a 
blunt neutrality replete with death, decay, nothing at all. The result is 
defuge, a state of abject hopelessness.

e Emptied - the world is emptied without emptying. What separates this 
from meditation is the accompaniment of sorrow, mourning over ghosts, an 
endless and horizon-less suffering. This is a useless state, a state of 
uselessness.

f Comfort - beneath the surface, there is a comfort zone constructed from 
the remnants of defense and memory; one nests in depression, which makes 
it so difficult to remedy. The nesting is the sinking-towards-death; the 
potential final - and only - remaining process is suicide. Everything else 
has disappeared. But comfort alleviates suicide, and one may stay in this 
state, always faltering, indefinitely.

g Cure - cure breaks through the topology from the outside; it may also 
redefine the epistemology of the topology as evanescent, not of this or 
any other world. The former might be a talking cure, and the latter, 
medication. But all too often both become a continuous mode of existence, 
itself impenetrable, itself calling out (from the outside, from the 
outset) for a cure. One is lost in the maze, often sinking beneath the 
surface to localized symptoms or the return of the depression in full 
force.

h Death - cure is no cure, of which death puts an end to it. Electroshock 
and other imposed traumas may permanently change the course of depression, 
but these occur to someone else. 

i Someone else - Someone else is always outside, perhaps capable of a 
fundamental recuperation of the self with greatly reduced depression. Even 
without imposed traumas or cures, there is often the glimmer of another 
way, an elsewhere, which appears from time to time. The other way, how- 
ever, appears far out of reach; it is someone else's way and, within 
depression, has no bearing on one's state. Depressive time is always dusk, 
no matter how dark the initial conditions, and in this manner it relates 
to sleep as well.


Sinter from audio notes

(I'm interested not in noise (in the classical cybernetic sense), but in 
grit in the system, irregular powders, micro-topographies which remain 
unmapped. I'm thinking of sinter and its relation to topography and 
topology, and I speak into a voice recorder and take down the notes 
verbatim; the style is clumped, clumsy, the ideas are scattered, the voice 
drones on but only for a little while. Transcription follows.) When you 
think of the distinction between topography and topology, you also want to 
think of the idea of grit in the system because the distinction might 
really be on the basis of the sand grain or sinter. It seems to me that 
sinter inheres to he real; in fact it may be even considered the found- 
ation of such, at least in terms of lived experience, to the extent that 
everything is always in a state of decay, a state of falling apart. And 
one can consider the building and maintaining of cultural artifacts as a 
kind of shoring-up against that. Sinter always references wearing down and 
it can be applied, self-referentially, to a wearing down of itself; at the 
same time it also acts as a kind of lubricant among larger objects in the 
realm. We want to consider sinter in the sense, even in the absence of a 
metric, in other words without considering geometry, not even necessarily 
topology, but just something that invades the origin and coordinates of 
Euclidean and other geometries. Sinter also implies the microscopic or the 
atomic, not on the level of particle physics or even physics, but on the 
level of those things that might create streaks or striations in everyday 
life. Sinter isn't on the 'level' of the raster, nor is it below nor above 
it, but it's a kind of noise that potentially could invade the rest on its 
own level, so if you have a grid of x to x + 1, sinter would be around x + 
1 - x, would be around that interval, that interval normalized, to a 
certain degree of tolerance. Sinter may also be considered aligned with 
plasma, with all those surfaces that are worn or chaotic, or which carry 
history at the same time that they are erasing history. It's necessary, 
when thinking about sinter, to think about the irregularity of particles; 
however the irregularity is incalculable - in other words it's not based 
on a lower order of smoothness, or rather a lower order of structure, but 
it's based on what is at least taken to be on a phenomenological level, 
deep irregularity. Sinter belongs in the level of the analog and the 
wearing away of the digital. and that's why sinter is aligned with 
topography, and topology itself might be considered digital to the extent 
that it's abstracted, abstruse. Of course in this sense the digital 
circumvents the analogic. I think you could apply these principles or 
these ideas - this phenomenology - even to the organization of nature, of 
nations, to notions of communications in the real world as opposed to 
theoretical communications and so forth.


remembrance of things past

if i could write the proper theoretical accompaniment here, i would do so; 
that i can't, literally goes without saying. it's too much; my chaotic 
life allows at best fleeting glimpses into the grounding of the dream in 
the real, the real in the dream - wait a minute, since there's neither, 
since whatever analysis one might (dreamily) apply, as in a dream, takes 
time beyond sleep, the dream screen-work inscribed, which takes place, as 
in a dream, the real, which is the real. here avatar, who i dare not name, 
to whom i dare not give a name, turns her, yes her, uncanny eye, movement, 
muscle memory, towards that dancer of the dream, maud liardon, who has now 
retreated back into the dream, the dream of maud liardon, as enacted by 
this avatar, now my friend, my being, my dream, my very being, this avatar 
who shall remain nameless, who refuses to name me, who has come forward to


===========

SOPHIA.TXT



book. first go.


the relationship of consciousness to the world vis-a-vis structure, 
abstraction, symbolic systems.

the quasi-logical structure of the lifeworld.

the potential for philosophical investigation through audio-visual and 
other media.

the natural order of structure.

consciousness in relation to subjectivity.

virtual subjectivity and its relation to protocols, the imaginary, and 
linguistic performativity.

the entrapment and proliferation of detail in a partially-cooled universe 
between plasma and annihilation.

the orders and relationships among communication, communality, and 
sexuality.

fragility and specificity of operability and the human.

propositional logics and the elsewhere of the sheffer stroke and its dual.

doubt and deconstruction of conclusions.

the scientific as that methodology among others, in spite of heuristic 
breakdowns and the problematic of mathematics.

the topology of intention and neurality in relation to externalized mind 
and memory.

partial-objects and partial-mappings as givens in the construction and 
reconstruction of the world.

the use of cases, examples, anecdotality, perceptual modes, in relation to 
theoretical abstraction.

exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical 
well-being of the body, as well as the deconstruction of that well-being.

_


book. second go.


the relationship of consciousness to the world vis-a-vis structure, 
abstraction, symbolic systems. but the relationship of consciousness to 
its inscription: who is inscribing:

the quasi-logical structure of the lifeworld. but which lifeworld, which 
state of confusion, which state of health:

the potential for philosophical investigation through audio-visual and 
other media. but what style, what genre: whose investigation, what gender, 
what methodology, what deployment of desire:

the natural order of structure. but what nature: whose nature: whose 
cooperation: whose corporation: but what contractuality:

consciousness in relation to subjectivity. but what consciousness: what 
eidetic reduction: what cognitive mappings: what mathematical 
catastrophes: what tropes:

virtual subjectivity and its relation to protocols, the imaginary, and 
linguistic performativity. but which protocols: whose imaginary against 
what inscription and whose thetic: but what languages and what mechanisms 
of performance/perforation:

the entrapment and proliferation of detail in a partially-cooled universe 
between plasma and annihilation. but which inscription and which seal: 
but what decade and what millennium: but what substrate and cosmological 
constant:

the orders and relationships among communication, communality, and 
sexuality. but what mind lost among them:

fragility and specificity of operability and the human. but what goodness: 
but what taxonomies of errors, mistakes, phenomenologies of corrupted or 
failed teleologies, what judgments, what ethos:

propositional logics and the elsewhere of the sheffer stroke and its dual.
but whose withdrawal of the not-both-a-and-b, whose banishment of neither- 
a-nor-b:

doubt and deconstruction of conclusions. but whose doubt against what 
standards and relativisms: what auguries of truth and denial: what 
obsessional neuroses: what ignorance, incoherencies:

the scientific as that methodology among others, in spite of heuristic 
breakdowns and the problematic of mathematics. what crystalline mechanism 
inherent of the tractatus-logico-philosophicus, what neoplatonism, what 
conventions, inscriptive labor:

the topology of intention and neurality in relation to externalized mind 
and memory. but what privilege of data-banks, whose computers, whose 
optical fiber, whose skein of satellites, what membranes and firewalls, 
whose hackings and what penetrations:

partial-objects and partial-mappings as givens in the construction and 
reconstruction of the world. but of the gathering of accumulations and 
assemblage of fragments, of the clutter and a-historicity of the world:

the use of cases, examples, anecdotality, perceptual modes, in relation to 
theoretical abstraction. what stories hidden with failures, ridden with 
failures, gaps in texts, hiatus, ignorance: what negations (there are 
none): what tales (they're all fiction): what parables (pretense!):

exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical 
well-being of the body, as well as the deconstruction of that well-being.
but what disease of the writer, what writing-disease: what textual 
wounding: what ending to what written world: what semantics, what 
syntactic endings:

what writing: what loss of writing to the world:

_


book. third go at it.


the relationship of consciousness to the world vis-a-vis structure,
abstraction, symbolic systems. but the relationship of consciousness to
its inscription: who is inscribing: veering back from the concern, blind
ambition (see anecdotal) tending towards theoretical thwarting, return of
the repressed

the quasi-logical structure of the lifeworld. but which lifeworld, which
state of confusion, which state of health: consideration of obsessional
neurosis as the holding-forth of the world, radical deposition

the potential for philosophical investigation through audio-visual and
other media. but what style, what genre: whose investigation, what gender,
what methodology, what deployment of desire: questions of periodization,
extension of media on a continuous feed-forward basis, inextricably tied
down to corporate research and development programs

the natural order of structure. but what nature: whose nature: whose
cooperation: whose corporation: but what contractuality: the natural world
under the sign of capital, in-corporation, em/bodiment of nature, the body
politic, political body, structure transformed into performance, action

consciousness in relation to subjectivity. but what consciousness: what
eidetic reduction: what cognitive mappings: what mathematical catastroph-
es: what tropes: the jump cut from phenomenology to mathesis, suturing the
subject for whom the book is written, the writing of explanation and
description and the problematic situating both, the fold catastrophe as
that leap which creates structural extension, boundary, moving-on

virtual subjectivity and its relation to protocols, the imaginary, and
linguistic performativity. but which protocols: whose imaginary against
what inscription and whose thetic: but what languages and what mechanisms
of performance/perforation: who is speaking for whom across avatars, first
through other persons and tenses, what insistence carries the projection
and project of consciousness across real and virtual networks, what of
consciousness as such project, what of the peripheral imaginary, the
imaginary always already at a loss against or through the symbolic, what
of the symbolic as always already foreclosing, what of the toppling of the
scheme of things, what of alterities, multiculturalisms, sloughs, symbolic
emissions and spews, flows, the flooding of clutter and part-objects

the entrapment and proliferation of detail in a partially-cooled universe
between plasma and annihilation. but which inscription and which seal:  
but what decade and what millennium: but what substrate and cosmological
constant: and what of the sweeping away of the diachronic, necessary for
the therapeutic or functioning of the organism within this space, this
imminency, annihilation at the limit taken to the level of the absurd-
catastrophic, debris

the orders and relationships among communication, communality, and sexual-
ity. but what mind lost among them: what sado-masochistic part-objects
modeling the contractual contrast of the world, who are the communities
that assemble consciousness out of linkages and couplings, out of contigu-
ities and contingencies, what are the mathematics that operate within
these fields such that the addition of a term in a chain may or may not
affect that chain, and the withdrawal of a term in a chain may or may not
transform the topology

fragility and specificity of operability and the human. but what goodness:  
but what taxonomies of errors, mistakes, phenomenologies of corrupted or
failed teleologies, what judgments, what ethos: the constant collapse in
the face of catastrophe, beginning and ending with ground zero, the null
of physics politicized, culturalized, as the embedding of the focal-point
within the aegis of any project of the subject

propositional logics and the elsewhere of the sheffer stroke and its dual.
but whose withdrawal of the not-both-a-and-b, whose banishment of neither-
a-nor-b: what of the stroke itself engendered as | in relation to the dual
v, the stroke retaining the dissemination of division, the dual tending
towards the problematic of the scapegoat and expulsion

doubt and deconstruction of conclusions. but whose doubt against what
standards and relativisms: what auguries of truth and denial: what obses-
sional neuroses: what ignorance, incoherencies: the autobiography of the
leap, short-circuiting or short-cutting ignorance, as if something could
be made out of whole cloth, there are always strategies of apology,
implications of humility, everything in the way, no clarity towards its
absence

the scientific as that methodology among others, in spite of heuristic
breakdowns and the problematic of mathematics. what crystalline mechanism
inherent of the tractatus-logico-philosophicus, what neoplatonism, what
conventions, inscriptive labor: retaining the last vestige of ontology,
giving existence a nearly-decomposable structure from groundwork to
lifeworld, superstructure disconnections, proliferations of objects,
elements, particles, things, organisms, universal constructs of contrasts
and boundaries, boundaries maintenance, the general economy of inscription

the topology of intention and neurality in relation to externalized mind
and memory. but what privilege of data-banks, whose computers, whose
optical fiber, whose skein of satellites, what membranes and firewalls,
whose hackings and what penetrations: the future of networkings among
multi-taskings, virtual realities, information wars, incandescent sexual
hysterias, thickened communalities, and the relationships among these and
other futures vis-a-vis theoretical abstraction and general accounts of
cultural and universal creation

partial-objects and partial-mappings as givens in the construction and
reconstruction of the world. but of the gathering of accumulations and
assemblage of fragments, of the clutter and a-historicity of the world:
the disappearance of history, resonance of ideological tendencies among
historiographies, irrelevance of historical and theoretical recuperation,
the loss of the world among the world

the use of cases, examples, anecdotality, perceptual modes, in relation to
theoretical abstraction. what stories hidden with failures, ridden with
failures, gaps in texts, hiatus, ignorance: what negations (there are
none): what tales (they're all fiction): what parables (pretense!): and in
relation to the audience, what demographics following what core phenomena,
core metaphors, what one might tell you of an evening in miami with grack-
les scrabbling among scraps of food already evincing a symbolic construc-
ted among all of us in crude parody of heisenbergian sheffer-stroke quasi-
analytical approaches, as if the natural world were no longer problematic
but a gift towards the understanding

exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical
well-being of the body, as well as the deconstruction of that well-being.
but what disease of the writer, what writing-disease: what textual wound-
ing: what ending to what written world: what semantics, what syntactic
endings: from indo-european to the absence of the subject in the sentence,
the absence of the eye and the shifter, the winding up of the winding-
sheet and loosening of the world from language in relation to or in spite
of natural kinds, rigid designators, performatives, proper names, who are
alan sondheim, daishin nikuko, who are julu-jennifer

what writing: what loss of writing to the world: such presumption that
continuous production becomes closer to the thing, defines it, the "thing"
or "it" or production, that the model of labor creates and forecloses
among entities, that divisions and boundary phenomenology are somehow
riddled with existence

that of or within existence

_


book. fourth go at it.


the relationship of consciousness to the world vis-a-vis structure,
abstraction, symbolic systems. but the relationship of consciousness to
its inscription: who is inscribing: veering back from the concern, blind
ambition (see anecdotal) tending towards theoretical thwarting, return of
the repressed - immersive and definable structures which are negotiations
- irreversible or reversible - hierarchy of such structures - sets and
arrows - categories - the implicate orderings of consciousness within all
of this -

the quasi-logical structure of the lifeworld. but which lifeworld, which
state of confusion, which state of health: consideration of obsessional
neurosis as the holding-forth of the world, radical deposition - the
continuous need to inscribe, reinscribe - territorializations and assign-
ations - not the theoretics of doubt but the analytic inability to take
anything for granted -

the potential for philosophical investigation through audio-visual and
other media. but what style, what genre: whose investigation, what gender,
what methodology, what deployment of desire: questions of periodization,
extension of media on a continuous feed-forward basis, inextricably tied
down to corporate research and development programs - weakening of them-
atic thinking - the need to organization meta-methodologies of search /
knowledge strategies - on the other hand the loosening of semantics
through the muteness of audio-visual representations -

the natural order of structure. but what nature: whose nature: whose
cooperation: whose corporation: but what contractuality: the natural world
under the sign of capital, in-corporation, em/bodiment of nature, the body
politic, political body, structure transformed into performance, action -
but the chaotic debris of the body - extensions of flesh - subtexting in
which the dissolution of language is paramount, and always the problematic
of the symbolic - what is the binding of standing-in-for if not already
allegory, sign, inscription, intention -

consciousness in relation to subjectivity. but what consciousness: what
eidetic reduction: what cognitive mappings: what mathematical catastroph-
es: what tropes: the jump cut from phenomenology to mathesis, suturing the
subject for whom the book is written, the writing of explanation and
description and the problematic situating both, the cusp catastrophe as
that leap which creates structural extension, boundary, moving-on - the
fold, leaping into the fold, the relationship of the fold catastrophe to
the sheffer stroke and its dual - elsewhere of not-both-a-and-b tending
towards the nomadic, exhaustion - the exhaustion of "the species" or "the
organism" - planetary exhaustion, universal denouement - already present
in the specter of death - wandering in the dual - neither-a-nor-b -

virtual subjectivity and its relation to protocols, the imaginary, and
linguistic performativity. but which protocols: whose imaginary against
what inscription and whose thetic: but what languages and what mechanisms
of performance/perforation: who is speaking for whom across avatars, first
through other persons and tenses, what insistence carries the projection
and project of consciousness across real and virtual networks, what of
consciousness as such project, what of the peripheral imaginary, the
imaginary always already at a loss against or through the symbolic, what
of the symbolic as always already foreclosing, what of the toppling of the
scheme of things, what of alterities, multiculturalisms, sloughs, symbolic
emissions and spews, flows, the flooding of clutter and part-objects -
spoken within or spoken-for by avatars - consciousness as dialectic among
semantic emissions among subjects only some of which seem real - there are
always the virtual among us - ghosts, emanants, kami - ectoplasms at the
periphery - prosthetics, prostheses - who among us is cyborg cauterized by
insertion of flesh or electronic diegesis - moving among cyborgs - all of
us caught in virtual realities - the keywords absent, unknown - we exhaust
ourselves avoiding death and its already equally exhausted aporia - we're
drawn in and out of it -

the entrapment and proliferation of detail in a partially-cooled universe
between plasma and annihilation. but which inscription and which seal:  
but what decade and what millennium: but what substrate and cosmological
constant: and what of the sweeping away of the diachronic, necessary for
the therapeutic or functioning of the organism within this space, this
imminency, annihilation at the limit taken to the level of the absurd-
catastrophic, debris - we're huddled in relation to our own demise - we
can smell the fear of it - the phenomenology of scent - nowhere and
everywhere at once - the smell of a person indeterminate, unidentifiable,
seductive - the procuring of death - writing and writing against it - the
continuous evolution of writing into and out of it - writing oneself into
existence - writing oneself out of it -

the orders and relationships among communication, communality, and sexual-
ity. but what mind lost among them: what sado-masochistic part-objects
modeling the contractual contrast of the world, who are the communities
that assemble consciousness out of linkages and couplings, out of contigu-
ities and contingencies, what are the mathematics that operate within
these fields such that the addition of a term in a chain may or may not
affect that chain, and the withdrawal of a term in a chain may or may not
transform the topology - what is the lure of a masochism in which all
theoretics are abandoned - the organism at the limit of its existence - "i
am still alive" - the shell or hull of the organism - the universal
condition -

fragility and specificity of operability and the human. but what goodness:  
but what taxonomies of errors, mistakes, phenomenologies of corrupted or
failed teleologies, what judgments, what ethos: the constant collapse in
the face of catastrophe, beginning and ending with ground zero, the null
of physics politicized, culturalized, as the embedding of the focal-point
within the aegis of any project of the subject - the implosion of infor-
mation within and without the subject - think of the skein or membrane of
the subject, subjectivity - network subjectivity, subjective networking -
embedded survival - "i am still alive" -

propositional logics and the elsewhere of the sheffer stroke and its dual.
but whose withdrawal of the not-both-a-and-b, whose banishment of neither-
a-nor-b: what of the stroke itself engendered as | in relation to the dual
v, the stroke retaining the dissemination of division, the dual tending
towards the problematic of the scapegoat and expulsion - the nomadicism of
the disappearing map - the implosion of the map into the real - nomadic
annihilation of landmark, fluid kinship entities, constant transformations
- one might say survival "at any cost" - there are no universal discourses
- no discourses of the universe - automated writing - the philosophical
writing of/by the automaton -

doubt and deconstruction of conclusions. but whose doubt against what
standards and relativisms: what auguries of truth and denial: what obses-
sional neuroses: what ignorance, incoherencies: the autobiography of the
leap, short-circuiting or short-cutting ignorance, as if something could
be made out of whole cloth, there are always strategies of apology,
implications of humility, everything in the way, no clarity towards its
absence - theoretical weakening, weak theory, as the shifting behind the
scenes - think of the submerged philosophy of submergence in relation to
extruded theoretical abstraction, pronouncement, death and facticity -

the scientific as that methodology among others, in spite of heuristic
breakdowns and the problematic of mathematics. what crystalline mechanism
inherent of the tractatus-logico-philosophicus, what neoplatonism, what
conventions, inscriptive labor: retaining the last vestige of ontology,
giving existence a nearly-decomposable structure from groundwork to
lifeworld, superstructure disconnections, proliferations of objects,
elements, particles, things, organisms, universal constructs of contrasts
and boundaries, boundaries maintenance, the general economy of inscription
- episteme and ontology blurred - interpenetrations of regimes and domains
- conventionalisms and idealities both subject to the same dis/ease of
heuristic - bricolage or making-do in the world - this is hardly
satisfactory for anyone - this is hardly the case of the world - the case
of the world in relation then to the case of our being, dasein - the case
of the world in relation to dis/ease -

the topology of intention and neurality in relation to externalized mind
and memory. but what privilege of data-banks, whose computers, whose
optical fiber, whose skein of satellites, what membranes and firewalls,
whose hackings and what penetrations: the future of networkings among
multi-taskings, virtual realities, information wars, incandescent sexual
hysterias, thickened communalities, and the relationships among these and
other futures vis-a-vis theoretical abstraction and general accounts of
cultural and universal creation - teledildonics and nodal bodies - voy-
eurisms and exhibitionisms as inversions or dissolutions of entities,
categoricities - the splayed or opened body - the body displaying or
opening - the w/hole of the body - disruption or perturbation of percep-
tion - the skeins of death and exhilaration -

partial-objects and partial-mappings as givens in the construction and
reconstruction of the world. but of the gathering of accumulations and
assemblage of fragments, of the clutter and a-historicity of the world:
the disappearance of history, resonance of ideological tendencies among
historiographies, irrelevance of historical and theoretical recuperation,
the loss of the world among the world - the absolute loss of the world in
the future of the cosmos - writing/inscribing degree zero - the horizon
of the uselessness of organism - continuous eroding of transcendence -
grasping or cohering of imminence -

the use of cases, examples, anecdotality, perceptual modes, in relation to
theoretical abstraction. what stories hidden with failures, ridden with
failures, gaps in texts, hiatus, ignorance: what negations (there are
none): what tales (they're all fiction): what parables (pretense!): and in
relation to the audience, what demographics following what core phenomena,
core metaphors, what one might tell you of an evening in miami with grack-
les scrabbling among scraps of food already evincing a symbolic construc-
ted among all of us in crude parody of heisenbergian sheffer-stroke quasi-
analytical approaches, as if the natural world were no longer problematic
but a gift towards the understanding - or now, outside this hotel room
#330 there are cartons of palm pdas on the landing - they have been there
all day - some are opened, people are taking them - i imagine, idiotic-
ally, vast supplies of drugs - they're payoff - everyone knows what's
going on - right outside the window here - taken fearlessly - personal
communications and informal economies - more and more networks opening up
- you can see all of this from the window - i've drawn the shades - maybe
witnesses conveniently disappear - imagination runs wild - one never knows
-

exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical
well-being of the body, as well as the deconstruction of that well-being.
but what disease of the writer, what writing-disease: what textual wound-
ing: what ending to what written world: what semantics, what syntactic
endings: from indo-european to the absence of the subject in the sentence,
the absence of the eye and the shifter, the winding up of the winding-
sheet and loosening of the world from language in relation to or in spite
of natural kinds, rigid designators, performatives, proper names, who are
alan sondheim, daishin nikuko, who are julu-jennifer - what wounding of
informal economies - what disseminations - you can have any name you want
- take any gender - it's all there for the asking - nervously looking out
the window - who will be next - here in the motel room - what knocks on
the door - emptied hallways - strangely quiet around here -

but the dis/ease of writing - sound of keys - i can't stop this - the
living representation of information society - at work on the network -

what writing: what loss of writing to the world: such presumption that
continuous production becomes closer to the thing, defines it, the "thing"
or "it" or production, that the model of labor creates and forecloses
among entities, that divisions and boundary phenomenology are somehow
riddled with existence - always honing in - always flying apart - them-
atic thickening, weakening - the philosophy in this book - this attempt or
collocation of thought - this process of thinking - a kind of jabber- ing
back and forth from systems of representation through structuralisms
always nearly-decomposable, bricolaged, falling apart - writing ground
down - inscription as well - into the abstraction of thought constantly
retethered - the thinking of the return - nomadic homing-in -

that of or within existence - that of the nought, cipher - of weyl's
cartesian origin as the last vestige of the ego in mathematization - you
can always locate from that point - sufficient vectors, orthogonal or not
- giving thought the substrate necessary for reading - writing -

returning to the apparatus or partial-objects necessary for this - most
recently bought an antique glass pen - dip it in the ink, write for a
third of a page or so - hand-blown - here working with components made in
malaysia - the result of academic exchange - there are data-bases involved
- obsolescences - atavisms and dead media - prosthetics even in the
illumination of the screen (from before or behind) - what it is you are
reading "this" in - a whole system of temporary equivalences, technologies
- repetitions of databases - never forgetting a thing -

_


book. the fifth go at it.


the relationship of consciousness to the world vis-a-vis structure,
abstraction, symbolic systems. but the relationship of consciousness to
its inscription: who is inscribing: veering back from the concern, blind
ambition (see anecdotal) tending towards theoretical thwarting, return of
the repressed - immersive and definable structures which are negotiations
- irreversible or reversible - hierarchy of such structures - sets and
arrows - categories - the implicate orderings of consciousness within all
of this - untended: unintended consciousness: my work is already an es-
cape, already unfounded: the phenomenological investigation of this rela-
tionship requires a certain sensitivity: i have granted myself this: fol-
lowing thought into harder structures: following structures into their
languor or lassitude:

the quasi-logical structure of the lifeworld. but which lifeworld, which
state of confusion, which state of health: consideration of obsessional
neurosis as the holding-forth of the world, radical deposition - the
continuous need to inscribe, reinscribe - territorializations and assign-
ations - not the theoretics of doubt but the analytic inability to take
anything for granted - exhaustion as a condition for the constant recon-
struction of the world: thinking of the play or theatrics of the world:
methodologies of distancing and absorption:

the potential for philosophical investigation through audio-visual and
other media. but what style, what genre: whose investigation, what gender,
what methodology, what deployment of desire: questions of periodization,
extension of media on a continuous feed-forward basis, inextricably tied
down to corporate research and development programs - weakening of them-
atic thinking - the need to organization meta-methodologies of search /
knowledge strategies - on the other hand the loosening of semantics
through the muteness of audio-visual representations - what one might call
"kidding ourselves" through the semblance of research: that's all there
might be to it: a certain carelessness of thought: fudging, the kludge or
glitch: loss of rigor: one might speculate that even the theorization of
such loss constitutes a defensive fortification against theorization
itself:

the natural order of structure. but what nature: whose nature: whose
cooperation: whose corporation: but what contractuality: the natural world
under the sign of capital, in-corporation, em/bodiment of nature, the body
politic, political body, structure transformed into performance, action -
but the chaotic debris of the body - extensions of flesh - subtexting in
which the dissolution of language is paramount, and always the problematic
of the symbolic - what is the binding of standing-in-for if not already
allegory, sign, inscription, intention - think of the bound body as al-
ready the hieroglyph and its politicization, the restraint of the symbol-
ic: arousal, tumescence, distension, stretched or opened skin: upwelling
of debris and frisson, shuddering, stuttering, trembling of the subject:

consciousness in relation to subjectivity. but what consciousness: what
eidetic reduction: what cognitive mappings: what mathematical catastroph-
es: what tropes: the jump cut from phenomenology to mathesis, suturing the
subject for whom the book is written, the writing of explanation and
description and the problematic situating both, the cusp catastrophe as
that leap which creates structural extension, boundary, moving-on - the
fold, leaping into the fold, the relationship of the fold catastrophe to
the sheffer stroke and its dual - elsewhere of not-both-a-and-b tending
towards the nomadic, exhaustion - the exhaustion of "the species" or "the
organism" - planetary exhaustion, universal denouement - already present
in the specter of death - wandering in the dual - neither-a-nor-b - it is
as if it splits: neither one nor the other: then there is the proboscis or
exploratory thesis: we have escaped the monadology:

inserted into enumeration: unaccountable and unaccounted-for: "there's no
telling" of the soul: "there's no telling" of the eye: there's no future
but hunger: no future but the desire or commitment to one or an/other:

virtual subjectivity and its relation to protocols, the imaginary, and
linguistic performativity. but which protocols: whose imaginary against
what inscription and whose thetic: but what languages and what mechanisms
of performance/perforation: who is speaking for whom across avatars, first
through other persons and tenses, what insistence carries the projection
and project of consciousness across real and virtual networks, what of
consciousness as such project, what of the peripheral imaginary, the
imaginary always already at a loss against or through the symbolic, what
of the symbolic as always already foreclosing, what of the toppling of the
scheme of things, what of alterities, multiculturalisms, sloughs, symbolic
emissions and spews, flows, the flooding of clutter and part-objects -
spoken within or spoken-for by avatars - consciousness as dialectic among
semantic emissions among subjects only some of which seem real - there are
always the virtual among us - ghosts, emanants, kami - ectoplasms at the
periphery - prosthetics, prostheses - who among us is cyborg cauterized by
insertion of flesh or electronic diegesis - moving among cyborgs - all of
us caught in virtual realities - the keywords absent, unknown - we exhaust
ourselves avoiding death and its already equally exhausted aporia - we're
drawn in and out of it -

we're speaking as if we're spoken-for: we're spoken-for as if we're speak-
ing: imagine a speech bypassing to such an extent that it occupies another
stratum entirely: that it appears to come from elsewhere: from neither-a-
nor-b: that it is one with aurality:

the entrapment and proliferation of detail in a partially-cooled universe
between plasma and annihilation. but which inscription and which seal:  
but what decade and what millennium: but what substrate and cosmological
constant: and what of the sweeping away of the diachronic, necessary for
the therapeutic or functioning of the organism within this space, this
imminency, annihilation at the limit taken to the level of the absurd-
catastrophic, debris - we're huddled in relation to our own demise - we
can smell the fear of it - the phenomenology of scent - nowhere and
everywhere at once - the smell of a person indeterminate, unidentifiable,
seductive - the procuring of death - writing and writing against it - the
continuous evolution of writing into and out of it - writing oneself into
existence - writing oneself out of it -

the scent bringing us back: the scent of the w/hole, anal musk: the scent
of the cauterization of philosophy: the anal fissure - not the inscription
of a / not-a, but the fissure of the same among/within the same: substance
fissures, structure breaks at inscription:

the scent of abjection, falling-apart: the body bound, held taut against
or within the generation of the hieroglyph: substance into structure
through the release of no-thought: desire: glyph:

the orders and relationships among communication, communality, and sexual-
ity. but what mind lost among them: what sado-masochistic part-objects
modeling the contractual contrast of the world, who are the communities
that assemble consciousness out of linkages and couplings, out of contigu-
ities and contingencies, what are the mathematics that operate within
these fields such that the addition of a term in a chain may or may not
affect that chain, and the withdrawal of a term in a chain may or may not
transform the topology - what is the lure of a masochism in which all
theoretics are abandoned - the organism at the limit of its existence - "i
am still alive" - the shell or hull of the organism - the universal
condition - but the rupture from everyday life: but the return: it is at
the juncture that the contract is enacted: that use becomes exchange: the
incipient or implicit or implicate or emergent quality of the signi- fier:
the word just beginning as the bonds are released:

fragility and specificity of operability and the human. but what goodness:  
but what taxonomies of errors, mistakes, phenomenologies of corrupted or
failed teleologies, what judgments, what ethos: the constant collapse in
the face of catastrophe, beginning and ending with ground zero, the null
of physics politicized, culturalized, as the embedding of the focal-point
within the aegis of any project of the subject - the implosion of infor-
mation within and without the subject - think of the skein or membrane of
the subject, subjectivity - network subjectivity, subjective networking -
embedded survival - "i am still alive" - "i" turns against itself: is
turned: is shredded: cannot turn: loses "its" domain: fissures: it is here
within this fissuring that "i come closest to the substance of the world":

propositional logics and the elsewhere of the sheffer stroke and its dual.
but whose withdrawal of the not-both-a-and-b, whose banishment of neither-
a-nor-b: what of the stroke itself engendered as | in relation to the dual
v, the stroke retaining the dissemination of division, the dual tending
towards the problematic of the scapegoat and expulsion - the nomadicism of
the disappearing map - the implosion of the map into the real - nomadic
annihilation of landmark, fluid kinship entities, constant transformations
- one might say survival "at any cost" - there are no universal discourses
- no discourses of the universe - automated writing - the philosophical
writing of/by the automaton - the writing of the tape-recorder: imagine
such without tape: it is the machine which is speaking: it is speaking
through us: it is a far cry from the turing machine: turing's cry:

doubt and deconstruction of conclusions. but whose doubt against what
standards and relativisms: what auguries of truth and denial: what obses-
sional neuroses: what ignorance, incoherencies: the autobiography of the
leap, short-circuiting or short-cutting ignorance, as if something could
be made out of whole cloth, there are always strategies of apology,
implications of humility, everything in the way, no clarity towards its
absence - theoretical weakening, weak theory, as the shifting behind the
scenes - think of the submerged philosophy of submergence in relation to
extruded theoretical abstraction, pronouncement, death and facticity - the
humility of the masochist: the transformation into substance: from there
the pronouncement of no pronouncement: there is no mirror, no dust: there
is no body:

the scientific as that methodology among others, in spite of heuristic
breakdowns and the problematic of mathematics. what crystalline mechanism
inherent of the tractatus-logico-philosophicus, what neoplatonism, what
conventions, inscriptive labor: retaining the last vestige of ontology,
giving existence a nearly-decomposable structure from groundwork to
lifeworld, superstructure disconnections, proliferations of objects,
elements, particles, things, organisms, universal constructs of contrasts
and boundaries, boundaries maintenance, the general economy of inscription
- episteme and ontology blurred - interpenetrations of regimes and domains
- conventionalisms and idealities both subject to the same dis/ease of
heuristic - bricolage or making-do in the world - this is hardly satisfac-
tory for anyone - this is hardly the case of the world - the case of the
world in relation then to the case of our being, dasein - the case of the
world in relation to dis/ease - but there is no case: there is no world
"such that it or that is the case": there is always the case that one does
or does not make: there is always the general case but never the most
general case:

the topology of intention and neurality in relation to externalized mind
and memory. but what privilege of data-banks, whose computers, whose
optical fiber, whose skein of satellites, what membranes and firewalls,
whose hackings and what penetrations: the future of networkings among
multi-taskings, virtual realities, information wars, incandescent sexual
hysterias, thickened communalities, and the relationships among these and
other futures vis-a-vis theoretical abstraction and general accounts of
cultural and universal creation - teledildonics and nodal bodies - voy-
eurisms and exhibitionisms as inversions or dissolutions of entities,
categoricities - the splayed or opened body - the body displaying or
opening - the w/hole of the body - disruption or perturbation of percep-
tion - the skeins of death and exhilaration - the splayed or opened
electric body: mesh of contacts: bridgings, spark-gaps, tesla coils,
stelarc-penetrations as flesh turns nebulous turns nebula: the absolute
revulsion against secrecy is also the revulsion against language and the
foreclosing of the signifier: bell's theorems as the body scatters: it's
kept in contact: it's kept in contact with the skein: with nothing: with
itself: with the semantics of foreclosed entities:

partial-objects and partial-mappings as givens in the construction and
reconstruction of the world. but of the gathering of accumulations and
assemblage of fragments, of the clutter and a-historicity of the world:
the disappearance of history, resonance of ideological tendencies among
historiographies, irrelevance of historical and theoretical recuperation,
the loss of the world among the world - the absolute loss of the world in
the future of the cosmos - writing/inscribing degree zero - the horizon of
the uselessness of organism - continuous eroding of transcendence -
grasping or cohering of imminence - loss of imminence:

loss of positionality: what is unaccounted-for: accountancy and the de-
marcation of nodes, direct and indirect addressing: a list of cases: if
not 1 then 2; if not to then 3; if not n then endif:

the use of cases, examples, anecdotality, perceptual modes, in relation to
theoretical abstraction. what stories hidden with failures, ridden with
failures, gaps in texts, hiatus, ignorance: what negations (there are
none): what tales (they're all fiction): what parables (pretense!): and in
relation to the audience, what demographics following what core phenomena,
core metaphors, what one might tell you of an evening in miami with grack-
les scrabbling among scraps of food already evincing a symbolic construc-
ted among all of us in crude parody of heisenbergian sheffer-stroke quasi-
analytical approaches, as if the natural world were no longer problematic
but a gift towards the understanding - or now, outside this hotel room
#330 there are cartons of palm pdas on the landing - they have been there
all day - some are opened, people are taking them - i imagine, idiotic-
ally, vast supplies of drugs - they're payoff - everyone knows what's
going on - right outside the window here - taken fearlessly - personal
communications and informal economies - more and more networks opening up
- you can see all of this from the window - i've drawn the shades - maybe
witnesses conveniently disappear - imagination runs wild - one never knows
- she arches her body naked on the bed: there are people outside: her
holes are visible, open: she is speaking: "i am alan sondheim's beautiful
wife, welcome to miami": he is sitting naked, erect, on a chair, his face
covered with her panties: he's moaning: the sound resonates with the
tunnel reverberation effect in final cut pro: the camera cuts between the
two of them: cuts to apartment-houses, children playing: cuts to people
walking down a street: cuts to an office interior:

exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical
well-being of the body, as well as the deconstruction of that well-being.
but what disease of the writer, what writing-disease: what textual wound-
ing: what ending to what written world: what semantics, what syntactic
endings: from indo-european to the absence of the subject in the sentence,
the absence of the eye and the shifter, the winding up of the winding-
sheet and loosening of the world from language in relation to or in spite
of natural kinds, rigid designators, performatives, proper names, who are
alan sondheim, daishin nikuko, who are julu-jennifer - what wounding of
informal economies - what disseminations - you can have any name you want
- take any gender - it's all there for the asking - nervously looking out
the window - who will be next - here in the motel room - what knocks on
the door - emptied hallways - strangely quiet around here - the camcorder
runs on: everything is broken up: entities, circulations created: here is
a thing now: this is the thing:

this is the first thing: this is the only thing there is:

but the dis/ease of writing - sound of keys - i can't stop this - the
living representation of information society - at work on the network -
gasping for breath on the network: holding our own on the network: a swarm
of us: groups of us:

what writing: what loss of writing to the world: such presumption that
continuous production becomes closer to the thing, defines it, the "thing"
or "it" or production, that the model of labor creates and forecloses
among entities, that divisions and boundary phenomenology are somehow
riddled with existence - always honing in - always flying apart - them-
atic thickening, weakening - the philosophy in this book - this attempt or
collocation of thought - this process of thinking - a kind of jabbering
back and forth from systems of representation through structuralisms
always nearly-decomposable, bricolaged, falling apart - writing ground
down - inscription as well - into the abstraction of thought constantly
retethered - the thinking of the return - nomadic homing-in - corrals
prevent chaos: cages break down disseminations: locks contain spews: banks
hold back floods: muscle tension retains shit: "slips of the lips sink
ships":

that of or within existence - that of the nought, cipher - of weyl's
cartesian origin as the last vestige of the ego in mathematization - you
can always locate from that point - sufficient vectors, orthogonal or not
- giving thought the substrate necessary for reading - writing - or is it
in fact necessary: consider a flooded reading, a reading without order:  
phrases and fragments, resonances out of which a certain philosophic tone:  
philosophy itself: emerges:

returning to the apparatus or partial-objects necessary for this - most
recently bought an antique glass pen - dip it in the ink, write for a
third of a page or so - hand-blown - here working with components made in
malaysia - the result of academic exchange - there are data-bases involved
- obsolescences - atavisms and dead media - prosthetics even in the
illumination of the screen (from before or behind) - what it is you are
reading "this" in - a whole system of temporary equivalences, technologies
- repetitions of databases - never forgetting a thing -

writing into this: section by section: paragraph by paragraph: each revi-
sion as if it were the last: the most important: each addition a more
careful construct: the work appearing from the inside-out: philosophy
unbound:

_


book. the sixth go at it all.


the relationship of consciousness to the world vis-a-vis structure,
abstraction, symbolic systems. but the relationship of consciousness to
its inscription: who is inscribing: veering back from the concern, blind
ambition (see anecdotal) tending towards theoretical thwarting, return of
the repressed - immersive and definable structures which are negotiations
- irreversible or reversible - hierarchy of such structures - sets and
arrows - categories - the implicate orderings of consciousness within all
of this - untended: unintended consciousness: my work is already an es-
cape, already unfounded: the phenomenological investigation of this rela-
tionship requires a certain sensitivity: i have granted myself this: fol-
lowing thought into harder structures: following structures into their
languor or lassitude:

writing, within, or against, the paragraph, writing among texts, return to 
the repression of style, continuous honing, innuendo, negation, contrary 
and contradictory, of the sixth go at it, against the other five,

the quasi-logical structure of the lifeworld. but which lifeworld, which
state of confusion, which state of health: consideration of obsessional
neurosis as the holding-forth of the world, radical deposition - the
continuous need to inscribe, reinscribe - territorializations and assign-
ations - not the theoretics of doubt but the analytic inability to take
anything for granted - exhaustion as a condition for the constant recon-
struction of the world: thinking of the play or theatrics of the world:
methodologies of distancing and absorption:

of the sixth go at the philosophical, against the other five, the inter- 
stice of thought, thought's blurred reminiscence, thought's thoughtless- 
ness,

the potential for philosophical investigation through audio-visual and
other media. but what style, what genre: whose investigation, what gender,
what methodology, what deployment of desire: questions of periodization,
extension of media on a continuous feed-forward basis, inextricably tied
down to corporate research and development programs - weakening of them-
atic thinking - the need to organization meta-methodologies of search /
knowledge strategies - on the other hand the loosening of semantics
through the muteness of audio-visual representations - what one might call
"kidding ourselves" through the semblance of research: that's all there
might be to it: a certain carelessness of thought: fudging, the kludge or
glitch: loss of rigor: one might speculate that even the theorization of
such loss constitutes a defensive fortification against theorization
itself:

of the sixth, the go at it, defending the other five goes, of the text 
which insists on veering out of genre, of the genre of the philosophic, of 
the literary,

the natural order of structure. but what nature: whose nature: whose
cooperation: whose corporation: but what contractuality: the natural world
under the sign of capital, in-corporation, em/bodiment of nature, the body
politic, political body, structure transformed into performance, action -
but the chaotic debris of the body - extensions of flesh - subtexting in
which the dissolution of language is paramount, and always the problematic
of the symbolic - what is the binding of standing-in-for if not already
allegory, sign, inscription, intention - think of the bound body as al-
ready the hieroglyph and its politicization, the restraint of the symbol-
ic: arousal, tumescence, distension, stretched or opened skin: upwelling
of debris and frisson, shuddering, stuttering, trembling of the subject:

or of the sixth go at it, binding the other five, of the politicization of 
philosophy, the ideology underpinnings, of the sixth go at it underpinning 
itself, loosening, "hardly something to write home about,"

consciousness in relation to subjectivity. but what consciousness: what
eidetic reduction: what cognitive mappings: what mathematical catastroph-
es: what tropes: the jump cut from phenomenology to mathesis, suturing the
subject for whom the book is written, the writing of explanation and
description and the problematic situating both, the cusp catastrophe as
that leap which creates structural extension, boundary, moving-on - the
fold, leaping into the fold, the relationship of the fold catastrophe to
the sheffer stroke and its dual - elsewhere of not-both-a-and-b tending
towards the nomadic, exhaustion - the exhaustion of "the species" or "the
organism" - planetary exhaustion, universal denouement - already present
in the specter of death - wandering in the dual - neither-a-nor-b - it is
as if it splits: neither one nor the other: then there is the proboscis or
exploratory thesis: we have escaped the monadology:

of the sixth go at it, expelled from the rest, temporally following after 
the others, "camp-follower," the go explaining everything, the diegetic or 
diacritical go, of the interstitial, of all of them, of the goes to come, 

inserted into enumeration: unaccountable and unaccounted-for: "there's no
telling" of the soul: "there's no telling" of the eye: there's no future
but hunger: no future but the desire or commitment to one or an/other:

there's no telling of the sixth, the sixth does the telling, it's as if 
the sixth were told to itself, whispered to itself, it's as if the sixth 
were imaginary or avatar, hardly an insertion, as if the sixth were 
suddenly, irrevocably, scratched into the text, as if its place were 
placed and forgotten, as if one "walked away" from meaning and its defen- 
sive fortification,

virtual subjectivity and its relation to protocols, the imaginary, and
linguistic performativity. but which protocols: whose imaginary against
what inscription and whose thetic: but what languages and what mechanisms
of performance/perforation: who is speaking for whom across avatars, first
through other persons and tenses, what insistence carries the projection
and project of consciousness across real and virtual networks, what of
consciousness as such project, what of the peripheral imaginary, the
imaginary always already at a loss against or through the symbolic, what
of the symbolic as always already foreclosing, what of the toppling of the
scheme of things, what of alterities, multiculturalisms, sloughs, symbolic
emissions and spews, flows, the flooding of clutter and part-objects -
spoken within or spoken-for by avatars - consciousness as dialectic among
semantic emissions among subjects only some of which seem real - there are
always the virtual among us - ghosts, emanants, kami - ectoplasms at the
periphery - prosthetics, prostheses - who among us is cyborg cauterized by
insertion of flesh or electronic diegesis - moving among cyborgs - all of
us caught in virtual realities - the keywords absent, unknown - we exhaust
ourselves avoiding death and its already equally exhausted aporia - we're
drawn in and out of it -

it's as if the sixth were a portal to the fifth, it's as if the fifth were 
coming forth,

we're speaking as if we're spoken-for: we're spoken-for as if we're speak-
ing: imagine a speech bypassing to such an extent that it occupies another
stratum entirely: that it appears to come from elsewhere: from neither-a-
nor-b: that it is one with aurality:

of the sixth which is bypassing, which is already speaking against itself, 
which is attempting closure, finish, beyond the denouement, which is of 
the end, ending itself against the rest "of them,"

the entrapment and proliferation of detail in a partially-cooled universe
between plasma and annihilation. but which inscription and which seal:  
but what decade and what millennium: but what substrate and cosmological
constant: and what of the sweeping away of the diachronic, necessary for
the therapeutic or functioning of the organism within this space, this
imminency, annihilation at the limit taken to the level of the absurd-
catastrophic, debris - we're huddled in relation to our own demise - we
can smell the fear of it - the phenomenology of scent - nowhere and
everywhere at once - the smell of a person indeterminate, unidentifiable,
seductive - the procuring of death - writing and writing against it - the
continuous evolution of writing into and out of it - writing oneself into
existence - writing oneself out of it -

the sixth go at it all already written out of it, as if these intersper- 
sions no longer existed, as if one were subservient to the future 
anterior, the very scent of the sixth, its huddling, its refugee status,

the scent bringing us back: the scent of the w/hole, anal musk: the scent
of the cauterization of philosophy: the anal fissure - not the inscription
of a / not-a, but the fissure of the same among/within the same: substance
fissures, structure breaks at inscription:

of neither inscription nor fissure, of the sixth, already broken, of its 
annoyance, almost the scent of decay,

the scent of abjection, falling-apart: the body bound, held taut against
or within the generation of the hieroglyph: substance into structure
through the release of no-thought: desire: glyph:

the unmentioned or unmentionable sixth go at it all, hardly a considera- 
tion, variorum editions piled on, one after another, as if in collusion, 
collaboration with the enemy, espionage, each reading the other, of public 
consumption,

the orders and relationships among communication, communality, and sexual-
ity. but what mind lost among them: what sado-masochistic part-objects
modeling the contractual contrast of the world, who are the communities
that assemble consciousness out of linkages and couplings, out of contigu-
ities and contingencies, what are the mathematics that operate within
these fields such that the addition of a term in a chain may or may not
affect that chain, and the withdrawal of a term in a chain may or may not
transform the topology - what is the lure of a masochism in which all
theoretics are abandoned - the organism at the limit of its existence - "i
am still alive" - the shell or hull of the organism - the universal
condition - but the rupture from everyday life: but the return: it is at
the juncture that the contract is enacted: that use becomes exchange: the
incipient or implicit or implicate or emergent quality of the signifier:
the word just beginning as the bonds are released:

released into the sixth go at it, the problematic of enumeration beginning 
all over again, releasing the sixth into the hinge between closure and 
further operations, as if, to operate upon the book, the text, a universe 
of universal operations,

fragility and specificity of operability and the human. but what goodness:  
but what taxonomies of errors, mistakes, phenomenologies of corrupted or
failed teleologies, what judgments, what ethos: the constant collapse in
the face of catastrophe, beginning and ending with ground zero, the null
of physics politicized, culturalized, as the embedding of the focal-point
within the aegis of any project of the subject - the implosion of infor-
mation within and without the subject - think of the skein or membrane of
the subject, subjectivity - network subjectivity, subjective networking -
embedded survival - "i am still alive" - "i" turns against itself: is
turned: is shredded: cannot turn: loses "its" domain: fissures: it is here
within this fissuring that "i come closest to the substance of the world":

but the sixth go at it is not the sixth go at it all, not of the sub- 
stance of which it is a part, not fissured or broken down, not corrupted,

propositional logics and the elsewhere of the sheffer stroke and its dual.
but whose withdrawal of the not-both-a-and-b, whose banishment of neither-
a-nor-b: what of the stroke itself engendered as | in relation to the dual
v, the stroke retaining the dissemination of division, the dual tending
towards the problematic of the scapegoat and expulsion - the nomadicism of
the disappearing map - the implosion of the map into the real - nomadic
annihilation of landmark, fluid kinship entities, constant transformations
- one might say survival "at any cost" - there are no universal discourses
- no discourses of the universe - automated writing - the philosophical
writing of/by the automaton - the writing of the tape-recorder: imagine
such without tape: it is the machine which is speaking: it is speaking
through us: it is a far cry from the turing machine: turing's cry:

of, somewhere along the line, the final go at it, the manuscript put 
aside, the book completed, the philosophical argument temporarily term- 
inated, the professor returns to her study, returns home, the professor 
has a meal, go to sleep, dreams, the professor wakes in the morning, 
decides just for once not to go to work this day,

doubt and deconstruction of conclusions. but whose doubt against what
standards and relativisms: what auguries of truth and denial: what obses-
sional neuroses: what ignorance, incoherencies: the autobiography of the
leap, short-circuiting or short-cutting ignorance, as if something could
be made out of whole cloth, there are always strategies of apology,
implications of humility, everything in the way, no clarity towards its
absence - theoretical weakening, weak theory, as the shifting behind the
scenes - think of the submerged philosophy of submergence in relation to
extruded theoretical abstraction, pronouncement, death and facticity - the
humility of the masochist: the transformation into substance: from there
the pronouncement of no pronouncement: there is no mirror, no dust: there
is no body:

the professor puts the manuscript of the sixth go aside, just for the 
moment; the book "has almost completed itself," the book is "as finished 
as it's going to be," "i've done with the book,"

the scientific as that methodology among others, in spite of heuristic
breakdowns and the problematic of mathematics. what crystalline mechanism
inherent of the tractatus-logico-philosophicus, what neoplatonism, what
conventions, inscriptive labor: retaining the last vestige of ontology,
giving existence a nearly-decomposable structure from groundwork to
lifeworld, superstructure disconnections, proliferations of objects,
elements, particles, things, organisms, universal constructs of contrasts
and boundaries, boundaries maintenance, the general economy of inscription
- episteme and ontology blurred - interpenetrations of regimes and domains
- conventionalisms and idealities both subject to the same dis/ease of
heuristic - bricolage or making-do in the world - this is hardly satisfac-
tory for anyone - this is hardly the case of the world - the case of the
world in relation then to the case of our being, dasein - the case of the
world in relation to dis/ease - but there is no case: there is no world
"such that it or that is the case": there is always the case that one does
or does not make: there is always the general case but never the most
general case:

the case comes to a close, the professor muses, at least at the sixth go 
of it all, it's by and large, at least for the moment, i'm going to have a 
breather,

the topology of intention and neurality in relation to externalized mind
and memory. but what privilege of data-banks, whose computers, whose
optical fiber, whose skein of satellites, what membranes and firewalls,
whose hackings and what penetrations: the future of networkings among
multi-taskings, virtual realities, information wars, incandescent sexual
hysterias, thickened communalities, and the relationships among these and
other futures vis-a-vis theoretical abstraction and general accounts of
cultural and universal creation - teledildonics and nodal bodies - voy-
eurisms and exhibitionisms as inversions or dissolutions of entities,
categoricities - the splayed or opened body - the body displaying or
opening - the w/hole of the body - disruption or perturbation of percep-
tion - the skeins of death and exhilaration - the splayed or opened
electric body: mesh of contacts: bridgings, spark-gaps, tesla coils,
stelarc-penetrations as flesh turns nebulous turns nebula: the absolute
revulsion against secrecy is also the revulsion against language and the
foreclosing of the signifier: bell's theorems as the body scatters: it's
kept in contact: it's kept in contact with the skein: with nothing: with
itself: with the semantics of foreclosed entities:

i'm going to enjoy myself after the fifth, before the seventh, she thinks 
of the trajectory, of the content and indexicality of the book, of its 
weight, the cover chosen by the publisher (an unknown chinese painting of 
the sung dynasty), of the narrative faltering, almost bring the work "to 
its knees,"

partial-objects and partial-mappings as givens in the construction and
reconstruction of the world. but of the gathering of accumulations and
assemblage of fragments, of the clutter and a-historicity of the world:
the disappearance of history, resonance of ideological tendencies among
historiographies, irrelevance of historical and theoretical recuperation,
the loss of the world among the world - the absolute loss of the world in
the future of the cosmos - writing/inscribing degree zero - the horizon of
the uselessness of organism - continuous eroding of transcendence -
grasping or cohering of imminence - loss of imminence:

of the sixth, here and now, of its inscription, it might be any of a
series, accounted for, the terms begin to blur, one into the other, each 
revision another addition or edition, except for the punctuation, she 
muses, you could hardly tell where one ends and the other begins,

loss of positionality: what is unaccounted-for: accountancy and the de-
marcation of nodes, direct and indirect addressing: a list of cases: if
not 1 then 2; if not to then 3; if not n then endif:

every content an indirect addressing, including the sixth, tending towards 
those resonances already discussed, in which feedbacks collapse into 
skeins of relationships,

the use of cases, examples, anecdotality, perceptual modes, in relation to
theoretical abstraction. what stories hidden with failures, ridden with
failures, gaps in texts, hiatus, ignorance: what negations (there are
none): what tales (they're all fiction): what parables (pretense!): and in
relation to the audience, what demographics following what core phenomena,
core metaphors, what one might tell you of an evening in miami with grack-
les scrabbling among scraps of food already evincing a symbolic construc-
ted among all of us in crude parody of heisenbergian sheffer-stroke quasi-
analytical approaches, as if the natural world were no longer problematic
but a gift towards the understanding - or now, outside this hotel room
#330 there are cartons of palm pdas on the landing - they have been there
all day - some are opened, people are taking them - i imagine, idiotic-
ally, vast supplies of drugs - they're payoff - everyone knows what's
going on - right outside the window here - taken fearlessly - personal
communications and informal economies - more and more networks opening up
- you can see all of this from the window - i've drawn the shades - maybe
witnesses conveniently disappear - imagination runs wild - one never knows
- she arches her body naked on the bed: there are people outside: her
holes are visible, open: she is speaking: "i am alan sondheim's beautiful
wife, welcome to miami": he is sitting naked, erect, on a chair, his face
covered with her panties: he's moaning: the sound resonates with the
tunnel reverberation effect in final cut pro: the camera cuts between the
two of them: cuts to apartment-houses, children playing: cuts to people
walking down a street: cuts to an office interior:

she's listening to him moan, she's completed the book, strangely excited 
now, her mind drifting to other things after the sixth, he's her neurotic 
husband, can hardly keep his mind focused, he's always falling apart, 
always building worlds out of nothing, or nothing out of worlds, it's 
beginning to make less and less of a difference, the virtual is descending 
like a dark cloud, impenetrable, onto the subject, any subject, any human 
being, she thinks,

exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical
well-being of the body, as well as the deconstruction of that well-being.
but what disease of the writer, what writing-disease: what textual wound-
ing: what ending to what written world: what semantics, what syntactic
endings: from indo-european to the absence of the subject in the sentence,
the absence of the eye and the shifter, the winding up of the winding-
sheet and loosening of the world from language in relation to or in spite
of natural kinds, rigid designators, performatives, proper names, who are
alan sondheim, daishin nikuko, who are julu-jennifer - what wounding of
informal economies - what disseminations - you can have any name you want
- take any gender - it's all there for the asking - nervously looking out
the window - who will be next - here in the motel room - what knocks on
the door - emptied hallways - strangely quiet around here - the camcorder
runs on: everything is broken up: entities, circulations created: here is
a thing now: this is the thing:

of the sixth of which this is all there is, the computer runs, the hard- 
drive recoiling with entry after entry, the suppuration of the file 
itself, what might have been canonically inert, now open in the digital to 
eternal salvation on one hand, continuous change, revision, hacking, on 
the other,

this is the first thing: this is the only thing there is:

of the sixth, almost the disappearance of the bones, of the bones, almost 
the disappearance of the marrow, of the marrow, the disappearance of the 
flesh,

but the dis/ease of writing - sound of keys - i can't stop this - the
living representation of information society - at work on the network -
gasping for breath on the network: holding our own on the network: a swarm
of us: groups of us:

groups of us writing through her, assembling the sixth go at it all, muted 
conversation about the sixth, it's continuity and careful honing, we 
arrive at everything through collaboration, discussion, you'd be surprised 
at how few disagreements there are, 

what writing: what loss of writing to the world: such presumption that
continuous production becomes closer to the thing, defines it, the "thing"
or "it" or production, that the model of labor creates and forecloses
among entities, that divisions and boundary phenomenology are somehow
riddled with existence - always honing in - always flying apart - them-
atic thickening, weakening - the philosophy in this book - this attempt or
collocation of thought - this process of thinking - a kind of jabbering
back and forth from systems of representation through structuralisms
always nearly-decomposable, bricolaged, falling apart - writing ground
down - inscription as well - into the abstraction of thought constantly
retethered - the thinking of the return - nomadic homing-in - corrals
prevent chaos: cages break down disseminations: locks contain spews: banks
hold back floods: muscle tension retains shit: "slips of the lips sink
ships":

she's opening herself up to herself for the first time, she thinks, now 
that the work's done, now that i have myself, she's looking in the mirror, 
naked, closely examining her body,

that of or within existence - that of the nought, cipher - of weyl's
cartesian origin as the last vestige of the ego in mathematization - you
can always locate from that point - sufficient vectors, orthogonal or not
- giving thought the substrate necessary for reading - writing - or is it
in fact necessary: consider a flooded reading, a reading without order:  
phrases and fragments, resonances out of which a certain philosophic tone:  
philosophy itself: emerges:

she thinks, i've stuttered everywhere among myself, i've felt my texts run 
through me repeatedly, i've mouthed them insistently, i've cut crystal out 
of them, i've brought them to their knees,

returning to the apparatus or partial-objects necessary for this - most
recently bought an antique glass pen - dip it in the ink, write for a
third of a page or so - hand-blown - here working with components made in
malaysia - the result of academic exchange - there are data-bases involved
- obsolescences - atavisms and dead media - prosthetics even in the
illumination of the screen (from before or behind) - what it is you are
reading "this" in - a whole system of temporary equivalences, technologies
- repetitions of databases - never forgetting a thing -

neither the fifth nor the fourth; neither the fourth nor the third; nei= 
ther the third nor the second which, almost mewling, crept along the 
theoretical substrate desperate for suturing, neither the second nor the 
first, far too exposed, inverted, laying the groundwork, withdrawing 
simultaneously, of a certain breathing of the text,

writing into this: section by section: paragraph by paragraph: each revi-
sion as if it were the last: the most important: each addition a more
careful construct: the work appearing from the inside-out: philosophy
unbound:

of the sixth go at it all, the revision or breathing of the text, she is 
sleeping soundly for the first time in her life, there are small cells, 
cancer, in her left breast, just a few of them, they are feeding,

_


book. the seventh going, the last.


the relationship of consciousness to the world vis-a-vis structure,
abstraction, symbolic systems. but the relationship of consciousness to
its inscription: who is inscribing: veering back from the concern, blind
ambition (see anecdotal) tending towards theoretical thwarting, return of
the repressed - immersive and definable structures which are negotiations
- irreversible or reversible - hierarchy of such structures - sets and
arrows - categories - the implicate orderings of consciousness within all
of this - untended: unintended consciousness: my work is already an es-
cape, already unfounded: the phenomenological investigation of this rela-
tionship requires a certain sensitivity: i have granted myself this: fol-
lowing thought into harder structures: following structures into their
languor or lassitude: the seventh going...the leaving of the number...
for sooner or later there must come that moment of decay...proton or
otherwise...the loosening of the strands, breaking of the vessels...the
implicate order itself gone in the gone world...structure always requires
maintenance...i leave you to your fate...the going of the book...interior
moves...

writing, within, or against, the paragraph, writing among texts, return to 
the repression of style, continuous honing, innuendo, negation, contrary 
and contradictory, of the sixth go at it, against the other five,

the quasi-logical structure of the lifeworld. but which lifeworld, which
state of confusion, which state of health: consideration of obsessional
neurosis as the holding-forth of the world, radical deposition - the
continuous need to inscribe, reinscribe - territorializations and assign-
ations - not the theoretics of doubt but the analytic inability to take
anything for granted - exhaustion as a condition for the constant recon-
struction of the world: thinking of the play or theatrics of the world:
methodologies of distancing and absorption: for it is of the moment...
the logical structure which requires the possibilities both of connection
and disconnection at a distance...that affairs may have no relationship
among themselves...none of them...that affairs are all connected...teth-
ered...wandering in a landscape (such that) entities are unknown, incon-
ceivable...

of the sixth go at the philosophical, against the other five, the inter- 
stice of thought, thought's blurred reminiscence, thought's thoughtless- 
ness,

the potential for philosophical investigation through audio-visual and
other media. but what style, what genre: whose investigation, what gender,
what methodology, what deployment of desire: questions of periodization,
extension of media on a continuous feed-forward basis, inextricably tied
down to corporate research and development programs - weakening of them-
atic thinking - the need to organization meta-methodologies of search /
knowledge strategies - on the other hand the loosening of semantics
through the muteness of audio-visual representations - what one might call
"kidding ourselves" through the semblance of research: that's all there
might be to it: a certain carelessness of thought: fudging, the kludge or
glitch: loss of rigor: one might speculate that even the theorization of
such loss constitutes a defensive fortification against theorization
itself: one door might close...another open...on both sides the identical
landscape...oxherders visible in the distance...the encryption is abso-
lute...

of the sixth, the go at it, defending the other five goes, of the text 
which insists on veering out of genre, of the genre of the philosophic, of 
the literary,

the natural order of structure. but what nature: whose nature: whose
cooperation: whose corporation: but what contractuality: the natural world
under the sign of capital, in-corporation, em/bodiment of nature, the body
politic, political body, structure transformed into performance, action -
but the chaotic debris of the body - extensions of flesh - subtexting in
which the dissolution of language is paramount, and always the problematic
of the symbolic - what is the binding of standing-in-for if not already
allegory, sign, inscription, intention - think of the bound body as al-
ready the hieroglyph and its politicization, the restraint of the symbol-
ic: arousal, tumescence, distension, stretched or opened skin: upwelling
of debris and frisson, shuddering, stuttering, trembling of the subject:
she knows it has reached...already...you might have guessed it...you
could already see it in the sixth go at it all...approaching a moment
when it is completed...ready for others' eyes...interpretations...hermen-
eutics...approaches...critiques...postulations...hypotheses...how empty
and vulnerable...

or of the sixth go at it, binding the other five, of the politicization of 
philosophy, the ideology underpinnings, of the sixth go at it underpinning 
itself, loosening, "hardly something to write home about,"

consciousness in relation to subjectivity. but what consciousness: what
eidetic reduction: what cognitive mappings: what mathematical catastroph-
es: what tropes: the jump cut from phenomenology to mathesis, suturing the
subject for whom the book is written, the writing of explanation and
description and the problematic situating both, the cusp catastrophe as
that leap which creates structural extension, boundary, moving-on - the
fold, leaping into the fold, the relationship of the fold catastrophe to
the sheffer stroke and its dual - elsewhere of not-both-a-and-b tending
towards the nomadic, exhaustion - the exhaustion of "the species" or "the
organism" - planetary exhaustion, universal denouement - already present
in the specter of death - wandering in the dual - neither-a-nor-b - it is
as if it splits: neither one nor the other: then there is the proboscis or
exploratory thesis: we have escaped the monadology: the proboscis is a
sign of truth...extension extends both tolerance and domain...every phy-
sics existing within the limit...newtonian...euclidean...asymptotic...
there is always something else...increase the energy or magnification...
the other will appear...

of the sixth go at it, expelled from the rest, temporally following after 
the others, "camp-follower," the go explaining everything, the diegetic or 
diacritical go, of the interstitial, of all of them, of the goes to come, 

inserted into enumeration: unaccountable and unaccounted-for: "there's no
telling" of the soul: "there's no telling" of the eye: there's no future
but hunger: no future but the desire or commitment to one or an/other:
the other appears at the magnification...at the limit everything changes
...there is no limit...

there's no telling of the sixth, the sixth does the telling, it's as if 
the sixth were told to itself, whispered to itself, it's as if the sixth 
were imaginary or avatar, hardly an insertion, as if the sixth were 
suddenly, irrevocably, scratched into the text, as if its place were 
placed and forgotten, as if one "walked away" from meaning and its defen- 
sive fortification,

virtual subjectivity and its relation to protocols, the imaginary, and
linguistic performativity. but which protocols: whose imaginary against
what inscription and whose thetic: but what languages and what mechanisms
of performance/perforation: who is speaking for whom across avatars, first
through other persons and tenses, what insistence carries the projection
and project of consciousness across real and virtual networks, what of
consciousness as such project, what of the peripheral imaginary, the
imaginary always already at a loss against or through the symbolic, what
of the symbolic as always already foreclosing, what of the toppling of the
scheme of things, what of alterities, multiculturalisms, sloughs, symbolic
emissions and spews, flows, the flooding of clutter and part-objects -
spoken within or spoken-for by avatars - consciousness as dialectic among
semantic emissions among subjects only some of which seem real - there are
always the virtual among us - ghosts, emanants, kami - ectoplasms at the
periphery - prosthetics, prostheses - who among us is cyborg cauterized by
insertion of flesh or electronic diegesis - moving among cyborgs - all of
us caught in virtual realities - the keywords absent, unknown - we exhaust
ourselves avoiding death and its already equally exhausted aporia - we're
drawn in and out of it - this is a different sort of limit...entirely...
no...this is exactly the same...confrontation of the other as the self
swoons or collapses into unconsciousness...

it's as if the sixth were a portal to the fifth, it's as if the fifth were 
coming forth,

we're speaking as if we're spoken-for: we're spoken-for as if we're speak-
ing: imagine a speech bypassing to such an extent that it occupies another
stratum entirely: that it appears to come from elsewhere: from neither-a-
nor-b: that it is one with aurality: that it comes from the limit...that
it is the limit of the end which is denouement...that it continues past
the exist from the theater...that it is an emission or spew from the thea-
ter...from the theatrical...

of the sixth which is bypassing, which is already speaking against itself, 
which is attempting closure, finish, beyond the denouement, which is of 
the end, ending itself against the rest "of them,"

the entrapment and proliferation of detail in a partially-cooled universe
between plasma and annihilation. but which inscription and which seal:  
but what decade and what millennium: but what substrate and cosmological
constant: and what of the sweeping away of the diachronic, necessary for
the therapeutic or functioning of the organism within this space, this
imminency, annihilation at the limit taken to the level of the absurd-
catastrophic, debris - we're huddled in relation to our own demise - we
can smell the fear of it - the phenomenology of scent - nowhere and
everywhere at once - the smell of a person indeterminate, unidentifiable,
seductive - the procuring of death - writing and writing against it - the
continuous evolution of writing into and out of it - writing oneself into
existence - writing oneself out of it - or at that limit where there is
no mapping...no writing...inscription...whatsoever...no mapping...no per-
ception..."she collapsed utterly upon the stage...they had to rush her
out of the theater"...the audience...

the sixth go at it all already written out of it, as if these intersper- 
sions no longer existed, as if one were subservient to the future 
anterior, the very scent of the sixth, its huddling, its refugee status,
the audience...

the scent bringing us back: the scent of the w/hole, anal musk: the scent
of the cauterization of philosophy: the anal fissure - not the inscription
of a / not-a, but the fissure of the same among/within the same: substance
fissures, structure breaks at inscription: she is doing her toilet...she
is reading...wiping herself...her scent is everywhere in the room...it is
as if the walls have closed with her help...she wipes herself repeatedly
...it takes a while...the touch of the paper soft against her hole...

of neither inscription nor fissure, of the sixth, already broken, of its 
annoyance, almost the scent of decay,

the scent of abjection, falling-apart: the body bound, held taut against
or within the generation of the hieroglyph: substance into structure
through the release of no-thought: desire: glyph: she touches her anus
lightly with her finger...she is utterly clean...clean to the limits "of
what soft paper might be able to do"...she rises...

the unmentioned or unmentionable sixth go at it all, hardly a considera- 
tion, variorum editions piled on, one after another, as if in collusion, 
collaboration with the enemy, espionage, each reading the other, of public 
consumption,

the orders and relationships among communication, communality, and sexual-
ity. but what mind lost among them: what sado-masochistic part-objects
modeling the contractual contrast of the world, who are the communities
that assemble consciousness out of linkages and couplings, out of contigu-
ities and contingencies, what are the mathematics that operate within
these fields such that the addition of a term in a chain may or may not
affect that chain, and the withdrawal of a term in a chain may or may not
transform the topology - what is the lure of a masochism in which all
theoretics are abandoned - the organism at the limit of its existence - "i
am still alive" - the shell or hull of the organism - the universal
condition - but the rupture from everyday life: but the return: it is at
the juncture that the contract is enacted: that use becomes exchange: the
incipient or implicit or implicate or emergent quality of the signifier:
the word just beginning as the bonds are released: she flushes the toilet
...pulls her panties up...her skirt...smoothes her clothing...the book she
was reading...her own...she's surrounded by herself..."one of those few
times in my life i felt really complete"...

released into the sixth go at it, the problematic of enumeration beginning 
all over again, releasing the sixth into the hinge between closure and 
further operations, as if, to operate upon the book, the text, a universe 
of universal operations,

fragility and specificity of operability and the human. but what goodness:  
but what taxonomies of errors, mistakes, phenomenologies of corrupted or
failed teleologies, what judgments, what ethos: the constant collapse in
the face of catastrophe, beginning and ending with ground zero, the null
of physics politicized, culturalized, as the embedding of the focal-point
within the aegis of any project of the subject - the implosion of infor-
mation within and without the subject - think of the skein or membrane of
the subject, subjectivity - network subjectivity, subjective networking -
embedded survival - "i am still alive" - "i" turns against itself: is
turned: is shredded: cannot turn: loses "its" domain: fissures: it is here
within this fissuring that "i come closest to the substance of the world":
she comes out of the room...the light is harsher...she has to adjust...
everything in relation to the world...outside of the bathroom she hears...
sees...touches...people speak to her...there are books...papers...to be
read...radio...television...telephone...inside the adjustment itself falls
away...she can contemplate the ending of the book...not its finality...it
is never such...never in such a way..."one never loses track fully of 
one's children"...

but the sixth go at it is not the sixth go at it all, not of the sub- 
stance of which it is a part, not fissured or broken down, not corrupted,

propositional logics and the elsewhere of the sheffer stroke and its dual.
but whose withdrawal of the not-both-a-and-b, whose banishment of neither-
a-nor-b: what of the stroke itself engendered as | in relation to the dual
v, the stroke retaining the dissemination of division, the dual tending
towards the problematic of the scapegoat and expulsion - the nomadicism of
the disappearing map - the implosion of the map into the real - nomadic
annihilation of landmark, fluid kinship entities, constant transformations
- one might say survival "at any cost" - there are no universal discourses
- no discourses of the universe - automated writing - the philosophical
writing of/by the automaton - the writing of the tape-recorder: imagine
such without tape: it is the machine which is speaking: it is speaking
through us: it is a far cry from the turing machine: turing's cry: the
children in her demanding to emerge...she writes constantly...obsessively
...she can't sleep at night unless she's written something "she approves
of"...sometimes masturbation..."all those connections are there"...she
notes...she takes notes...she takes note of...these variations...

of, somewhere along the line, the final go at it, the manuscript put 
aside, the book completed, the philosophical argument temporarily term- 
inated, the professor returns to her study, returns home, the professor 
has a meal, go to sleep, dreams, the professor wakes in the morning, 
decides just for once not to go to work this day, she turns over the
day...she takes note of it...

doubt and deconstruction of conclusions. but whose doubt against what
standards and relativisms: what auguries of truth and denial: what obses-
sional neuroses: what ignorance, incoherencies: the autobiography of the
leap, short-circuiting or short-cutting ignorance, as if something could
be made out of whole cloth, there are always strategies of apology,
implications of humility, everything in the way, no clarity towards its
absence - theoretical weakening, weak theory, as the shifting behind the
scenes - think of the submerged philosophy of submergence in relation to
extruded theoretical abstraction, pronouncement, death and facticity - the
humility of the masochist: the transformation into substance: from there
the pronouncement of no pronouncement: there is no mirror, no dust: there
is no body: of the time when the thing is born that she annotates...she
thinks "of these notes...annotations...of the world i find myself in...in
a way of finding myself"...she finds herself saying...

the professor puts the manuscript of the sixth go aside, just for the 
moment; the book "has almost completed itself," the book is "as finished 
as it's going to be," "i've done with the book," she knows...the world
is hardly such as it is or annotated...there is far more to it...later
...it will gnaw at her...now...just for a moment it's as if everything
is okay...

the scientific as that methodology among others, in spite of heuristic
breakdowns and the problematic of mathematics. what crystalline mechanism
inherent of the tractatus-logico-philosophicus, what neoplatonism, what
conventions, inscriptive labor: retaining the last vestige of ontology,
giving existence a nearly-decomposable structure from groundwork to
lifeworld, superstructure disconnections, proliferations of objects,
elements, particles, things, organisms, universal constructs of contrasts
and boundaries, boundaries maintenance, the general economy of inscription
- episteme and ontology blurred - interpenetrations of regimes and domains
- conventionalisms and idealities both subject to the same dis/ease of
heuristic - bricolage or making-do in the world - this is hardly satisfac-
tory for anyone - this is hardly the case of the world - the case of the
world in relation then to the case of our being, dasein - the case of the
world in relation to dis/ease - but there is no case: there is no world
"such that it or that is the case": there is always the case that one does
or does not make: there is always the general case but never the most
general case: there are only notes...she's noted her stomach is once again
upset...she's feeling ill..."been feeling ill"...she returns to the toilet
...pulls her skirt and panties down...the feeling of nudity is comfortable
...this is all there is...of the writing-machine or the description-mach-
ine...far less of explanation...as soon as i start thinking this way it
falls apart...back into that doubt such that everything is problematic...
she knows...thinks...it has something to do with health...

the case comes to a close, the professor muses, at least at the sixth go 
of it all, it's by and large, at least for the moment, i'm going to have a 
breather, after or before the illness...what is in my stomach...what is
happening to me...she thinks momentarily of the phenomenology of causality
..."is happening"...everything is about agency...she thinks...but really
...everything is about agency dying...

the topology of intention and neurality in relation to externalized mind
and memory. but what privilege of data-banks, whose computers, whose
optical fiber, whose skein of satellites, what membranes and firewalls,
whose hackings and what penetrations: the future of networkings among
multi-taskings, virtual realities, information wars, incandescent sexual
hysterias, thickened communalities, and the relationships among these and
other futures vis-a-vis theoretical abstraction and general accounts of
cultural and universal creation - teledildonics and nodal bodies - voy-
eurisms and exhibitionisms as inversions or dissolutions of entities,
categoricities - the splayed or opened body - the body displaying or
opening - the w/hole of the body - disruption or perturbation of percep-
tion - the skeins of death and exhilaration - the splayed or opened
electric body: mesh of contacts: bridgings, spark-gaps, tesla coils,
stelarc-penetrations as flesh turns nebulous turns nebula: the absolute
revulsion against secrecy is also the revulsion against language and the
foreclosing of the signifier: bell's theorems as the body scatters: it's
kept in contact: it's kept in contact with the skein: with nothing: with
itself: with the semantics of foreclosed entities: the signifier makes
agents...agents are signifiers..."otherwise the headless world"...how
much of the shifter...i...need exist in order to set in motion...innum-
erable universes...her mind wanders...

i'm going to enjoy myself after the fifth, before the seventh, she thinks 
of the trajectory, of the content and indexicality of the book, of its 
weight, the cover chosen by the publisher (an unknown chinese painting of 
the sung dynasty), of the narrative faltering, almost bring the work "to 
its knees," there is the beautiful book in every universe...and it is in
my universe and it is my book...she thinks...

partial-objects and partial-mappings as givens in the construction and
reconstruction of the world. but of the gathering of accumulations and
assemblage of fragments, of the clutter and a-historicity of the world:
the disappearance of history, resonance of ideological tendencies among
historiographies, irrelevance of historical and theoretical recuperation,
the loss of the world among the world - the absolute loss of the world in
the future of the cosmos - writing/inscribing degree zero - the horizon of
the uselessness of organism - continuous eroding of transcendence - gras-
ping or cohering of imminence - loss of imminence: turning away for the
moment...she considers...innocence "in its place"...the innocence...not
of the world...but her innocence at stake...the recognition that there
are levels within everything she sees or does...that her work has involved
a certain uncovering...she's out of the bathroom thinking...i'm leaving
debris behind in more ways than one..."everything is uncomfortable"...
everything is partial...the erosion of shit or rather the erosion of the
world into shit...organisms decontextualize...information irretrievably
lost...mayday...mayday...

of the sixth, here and now, of its inscription, it might be any of a
series, accounted for, the terms begin to blur, one into the other, each 
revision another addition or edition, except for the punctuation, she 
muses, you could hardly tell where one ends and the other begins, i'm so
tired...i'm so tired of it all...waking up in the morning and realizing
none of it matters...the neuroses don't disappear...i sleep as badly as
ever...in a while the finishing of the book...sinks in...it's back to
the same old routines...it's as anyone might imagine...she thinks and in
this fashion the symbolic devolves...back into the imaginary...it's all
there...nothing's there...

loss of positionality: what is unaccounted-for: accountancy and the de-
marcation of nodes, direct and indirect addressing: a list of cases: if
not 1 then 2; if not to then 3; if not n then endif: she's feeling
somewhat better...sweating however...feverish...endif...

every content an indirect addressing, including the sixth, tending towards 
those resonances already discussed, in which feedbacks collapse into 
skeins of relationships, in which relationships are ruptured...turned or
inverted...inside and outside...momentary stases...impediments...nothing
more...

the use of cases, examples, anecdotality, perceptual modes, in relation to
theoretical abstraction. what stories hidden with failures, ridden with
failures, gaps in texts, hiatus, ignorance: what negations (there are
none): what tales (they're all fiction): what parables (pretense!): and in
relation to the audience, what demographics following what core phenomena,
core metaphors, what one might tell you of an evening in miami with grack-
les scrabbling among scraps of food already evincing a symbolic construc-
ted among all of us in crude parody of heisenbergian sheffer-stroke quasi-
analytical approaches, as if the natural world were no longer problematic
but a gift towards the understanding - or now, outside this hotel room
#330 there are cartons of palm pdas on the landing - they have been there
all day - some are opened, people are taking them - i imagine, idiotic-
ally, vast supplies of drugs - they're payoff - everyone knows what's
going on - right outside the window here - taken fearlessly - personal
communications and informal economies - more and more networks opening up
- you can see all of this from the window - i've drawn the shades - maybe
witnesses conveniently disappear - imagination runs wild - one never knows
- she arches her body naked on the bed: there are people outside: her
holes are visible, open: she is speaking: "i am alan sondheim's beautiful
wife, welcome to miami": he is sitting naked, erect, on a chair, his face
covered with her panties: he's moaning: the sound resonates with the
tunnel reverberation effect in final cut pro: the camera cuts between the
two of them: cuts to apartment-houses, children playing: cuts to people
walking down a street: cuts to an office interior: interruption of the
ending of the book or the seventh going...she's looking around the office
...looking out of it...interruption coming to an end...

she's listening to him moan, she's completed the book, strangely excited 
now, her mind drifting to other things after the sixth, he's her neurotic 
husband, can hardly keep his mind focused, he's always falling apart, 
always building worlds out of nothing, or nothing out of worlds, it's 
beginning to make less and less of a difference, the virtual is descending 
like a dark cloud, impenetrable, onto the subject, any subject, any human 
being, she thinks, she's him...he's her...there are no divisions...in the
war which is always on...body parts are piled on body parts...it's never-
ending...differences are always dissolving like shit itself...but there's
a pleasure...she thinks...in the bathroom...her own smells...surroundings
that are strangely comforting...more naked than nude...the exhalations of
the body...looking at the toilet paper before flushing...now though...
looking at him...her excitement building...the next time he'll wipe her
himself...

exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical
well-being of the body, as well as the deconstruction of that well-being.
but what disease of the writer, what writing-disease: what textual wound-
ing: what ending to what written world: what semantics, what syntactic
endings: from indo-european to the absence of the subject in the sentence,
the absence of the eye and the shifter, the winding up of the winding-
sheet and loosening of the world from language in relation to or in spite
of natural kinds, rigid designators, performatives, proper names, who are
alan sondheim, daishin nikuko, who are julu-jennifer - what wounding of
informal economies - what disseminations - you can have any name you want
- take any gender - it's all there for the asking - nervously looking out
the window - who will be next - here in the motel room - what knocks on
the door - emptied hallways - strangely quiet around here - the camcorder
runs on: everything is broken up: entities, circulations created: here is
a thing now: this is the thing: what is the thing but shit between the
two of them...abject mingling...when she dies...she muses...no one will
care about proper names any longer...there's a great sadness there...it's
overtaking her...

of the sixth of which this is all there is, the computer runs, the hard- 
drive recoiling with entry after entry, the suppuration of the file 
itself, what might have been canonically inert, now open in the digital to 
eternal salvation on one hand, continuous change, revision, hacking, on 
the other, it's someone else's revision...someone else's hacking...it's
even someone else's salvation...sadness turning towards depression...what
to do...what to do...

this is the first thing: this is the only thing there is: to rest...to
give herself a break..."not to be so hard on herself"...

of the sixth, almost the disappearance of the bones, of the bones, almost 
the disappearance of the marrow, of the marrow, the disappearance of the 
flesh, but of the book...of the sevenths and now last...not so much a
disappearance as a momentary appearance..."i'm here for you"..."i've
arrived"..."i'll be here for a while"..."now i'm here and present and the
world is very very lovely"...do not be depressed my love...do not be so
very...so very sad...

but the dis/ease of writing - sound of keys - i can't stop this - the
living representation of information society - at work on the network -
gasping for breath on the network: holding our own on the network: a swarm
of us: groups of us: groups of us comforting us among us...chora and
chorus...the maternal roots...lullaby...but the healing of the two of
them...for a moment...in the dusk or is it later in the evening...moaning
and other sounds at the limits of the other...mewlings...cries...

groups of us writing through her, assembling the sixth go at it all, muted 
conversation about the sixth, its continuity and careful honing, we 
arrive at everything through collaboration, discussion, you'd be surprised 
at how few disagreements there are, she could sense already...she could
sense herself...she could see it coming...and all the discomfort knowing
that the world continues exactly as before with all its jagged edges..."i
didn't learn a thing"..."i'm as ignorant as ever"...

what writing: what loss of writing to the world: such presumption that
continuous production becomes closer to the thing, defines it, the "thing"
or "it" or production, that the model of labor creates and forecloses
among entities, that divisions and boundary phenomenology are somehow
riddled with existence - always honing in - always flying apart - them-
atic thickening, weakening - the philosophy in this book - this attempt or
collocation of thought - this process of thinking - a kind of jabbering
back and forth from systems of representation through structuralisms
always nearly-decomposable, bricolaged, falling apart - writing ground
down - inscription as well - into the abstraction of thought constantly
retethered - the thinking of the return - nomadic homing-in - corrals
prevent chaos: cages break down disseminations: locks contain spews: banks
hold back floods: muscle tension retains shit: "slips of the lips sink
ships": "maybe someday i'll return"..."this is...what might be called...
the saying or thinking of everything...of thinking nothing at all...a poor
thinking...poor thought"...she begins to cry...mourning every tiniest
thing in the world...every wounded insect...every wounded bird...trees
with broken limbs...she senses "the depression hitting her"..."the depres-
sion coming on"...

she's opening herself up to herself for the first time, she thinks, now 
that the work's done, now that i have myself, she's looking in the mirror, 
naked, closely examining her body, she's "got to pull out of it"...she's
got to open up..."it's a book after all"..."it's nothing but a book"...
"don't take it so seriously"...

that of or within existence - that of the nought, cipher - of weyl's
cartesian origin as the last vestige of the ego in mathematization - you
can always locate from that point - sufficient vectors, orthogonal or not
- giving thought the substrate necessary for reading - writing - or is it
in fact necessary: consider a flooded reading, a reading without order:  
phrases and fragments, resonances out of which a certain philosophic tone:  
philosophy itself: emerges: "it's a masterpieces"..."you've said all
you're going to say"..."you've gone to the limit...taken it to the limit
...you've returned"...she's walking...dazed...

she thinks, i've stuttered everywhere among myself, i've felt my texts run 
through me repeatedly, i've mouthed them insistently, i've cut crystal out 
of them, i've brought them to their knees, they've taken me over...i've
lost my limbs...they're my phantom limbs...i'm dying...

returning to the apparatus or partial-objects necessary for this - most
recently bought an antique glass pen - dip it in the ink, write for a
third of a page or so - hand-blown - here working with components made in
malaysia - the result of academic exchange - there are data-bases involved
- obsolescences - atavisms and dead media - prosthetics even in the
illumination of the screen (from before or behind) - what it is you are
reading "this" in - a whole system of temporary equivalences, technologies
- repetitions of databases - never forgetting a thing - to you...dear
reader...this is all i have to give you...this is what i've been working
for...towards...my entire life...there's very little left of me...nothing
can ever be taken for granted...i've never done that...all these partials
...impartials...in this world of partial impartials...her hands are flut-
tering almost uselessly...she's becoming aware of her hands...moving them
..."nearing the end of so many things at this critical juncture in his-
tory"..."in our history"...

neither the fifth nor the fourth; neither the fourth nor the third; nei= 
ther the third nor the second which, almost mewling, crept along the 
theoretical substrate desperate for suturing, neither the second nor the 
first, far too exposed, inverted, laying the groundwork, withdrawing 
simultaneously, of a certain breathing of the text, she's noticing her
breathing...is it always like this...is it always the same...on its own
...her breathing..."is philosophy a sickness"..."a sign of ill health"
...is writing itself that illness which produces no change in the writer
...in spite of everything...

writing into this: section by section: paragraph by paragraph: each revi-
sion as if it were the last: the most important: each addition a more
careful construct: the work appearing from the inside-out: philosophy
unbound: evening the seventh ending...not even the portal to the eighth
...the portal to the ninth..."having to end this sometime"...she's
feeling the loss of the word...loss of the world...perhaps there's a
meeting to go to...she should call a friend...her husband...they're
dressed again..."the bedroom scene"...they haven't been out in a long
time...it's taken a long time to finish the work...she's been almost
compulsive about it...sometimes not even eating...the sleeping broken
down to the point of incoherence...circadian rhythms collapsed into bad
rem...she'll find herself sleeping on her feet...waiting in line...on
the toilet...she doesn't understand this..."i don't have the energy to
worry about it"...for a moment she thinks that the book...such as it is
...theoretical abstraction...is one long sign or departure...a form of
mourning...she thinks "there's very little left of me"...they are very
very tired...they fall into bed...turn out the light...she's whimpering
slightly..."existence...of and about existence...has everything to do
with it"...they fall asleep...they sleep...

of the sixth go at it all, the revision or breathing of the text, she is 
sleeping soundly for the first time in her life, there are small cells, 
cancer, in her left breast, just a few of them, they are feeding, "she
is sleeping soundly...her sickness will come...they are all sleeping...
all of them are sleeping"...


=============================

ABACUS.TXT

From alans@mailhost.sva.edu Mon Jun 10 17:37:37 2002
Date: Fri, 7 Jun 2002 18:41:17 -0400 (EDT)
From: Alan Sondheim <alans@mailhost.sva.edu>
To: sondheim@panix.com
Subject: abacus





The Laying-Out (infinite abacus)


Consider an abacus with infinitely long columns; this is similar to a num-
ber system with base infinity. (See below for finite approaches.) Now to
add, simply move the requisite number of beads X to the already-calculated
Y; you have X + Y. To subtract, do the reverse. To multiply, three columns
are used. The first column is infinitely deep; the second is set to zero;
the third to Y. Set X on the first; move one bead on the second; set a
second X on the first; move a second bead on the second, and do this until
the second and third columns are equivalent.

One might also use two measure-strings and two columns. Set one measure-
string to X, the second to Y; one column measure out to X, the second set
at 1; measure a second X on the first column, add another 1 on the second
and repeat until the second column is the length of the Y measure-string.

One could use as well just one measure-string and a marker on the side of
column Y; when the beads reach the marker, the calculation is finished.

Division is a reversal of this process; set X and set Y on a measure-
string; subtract the measure-string from X; add one to the second empty
column; repeat until no more subtractings are possible; the length of the
beads in the second column represents the integral quotient; what remains
in the first is the remainder.

The measure-strings in both instances are placed next to the requisite
beads on the first and second columns.

What is unique in this system is that there is no necessity whatsoever to
name the numbers of beads, i.e. assign them to particular integral values.
Instead, one has greater or lesser numbers of beads in the first column;
after the operation, the rough length of the beads is the result. In this
manner, a king may count his horses, a queen her subjects, without further
need of specific tallying. When the column gets especially low, judge as
"more or less"; that is all that is necessary.

This is to some extent the mathematics of the heap or pile, a mathematics
with an inner exactitude, but a fuzzy reading of both givens and results.

Of course one can also consider an abacus with one bead per column and an
infinite number of columns. In this manner, addition and subtraction are
again to the base infinity, simply the moving up and down of beads at the
leading edge of the quantity. But if one is insistent on multiplication, a
second tally is necessary, and if one is insistent on division, one must
look for the same.

Moreover, it is unnecessary to specify an infinite length or number of
beads or positions. An inaccessibly high finite number will do - or even a
finite number practically greater than any conceivable calculations might
warrant. Of course such a number could be arbitrarily extended or retract-
ed by convention or convenience. In any case, problems of platonism or in-
finity are bypassed in this fashion; the systems are both functional and
phenomenologically interesting.

Addition with columns or rows

1oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
2oooooooo

1oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
2

Division with columns or rows and tallies (2ooo can be measure-string)

1ooooooooooo
2ooo
3

1oooooooo
2ooo
3o

1ooooo
2ooo
3oo

1oo (remainder)
2ooo
3ooo

I'm fascinated by these simple systems of primitive measurings and tabula-
tions of exactitude, of quantities precisely calculated but unknown, of
the measurings of kingdoms without largesse and the origins of bureaucra-
cies. For nothing more is needed than the laying-out of rows upon the
ground, exalting at the beads disappearing in the distance, and worrying
when the line becomes shorter, almost starved and measurable.

-----

Appendix of language etiquette:

 oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo              File: ww
1oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

    oooooooo              File: ww
1oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
2oooooooo

    oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo              File: ww
1oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
 0: oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooo
 1: oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo-oooooooo
 2: oooooooo oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
 3: oooooooo-oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

    ooo              File: ww
Division with columns or rows and tallies (2ooo can be measure-string)
00: boo 01: coo 02: foo 03: goo 04: loo 05: moo 06: Ofo 07: oho 08: Oto
09: too 10: woo 11: zoo

    ooooooooooo              File: ww
1ooooooooooo
 0: oooooooo ooo
 1: oooooooo-ooo
 2: ooo oooooooo
 3: ooo-oooooooo

   ooooo              File: ww
1ooooo

    oo              File: ww
2ooo
3oo
00: Ao 16: moo 32: Oto 01: bo 17: no 33: ow 02: boo 18: o 34: ox 03: coo
19: od 35: Oz 04: do 20: oe 36: po 05: Fo 21: of 37: Ro 06: foo 22: Ofo
38: so 07: go 23: Og 39: to 08: goo 24: oh 40: too 09: ho 25: oho 41: wo
10: io 26: Ok 42: woo 11: jo 27: om 43: yo 12: ko 28: on 44: zo 13: lo 29:
ooo 45: zoo 14: loo 30: or 15: mo 31: os


=====


Plain and Heap


No longer the line, the geometry, only the gatherings of beads, tokens,
markers, units, only the rubble of accountancy:

At the level of the plain, the abacus behaves differently. Consider an in-
finite (or inaccessibly high finite etc.) flat surface of beads; it be-
comes necessary to isolate portions among them, for example a 1-portion
and a 2-portion, in order to carry out any operations.

The portions have to be specified by closed, i.e. Jordan, curves which do
not cross themselves. For addition and subtraction, either channels must
be opened between the portions (in order to join or separate them), or an
operation may be carried out, such that removing 1 bead from a 2-portion
is accompanied by adding 1 bead to a 1-portion:

2-portion - 1 => 1-portion + 1

until 2-portion is empty, i.e. 2-portion = 0 (in which case the 2-portion
may no longer exist).

Subtraction is in the opposite direction, but in order to subtract a spec-
ified amount note that we dispense with channels, so that

2-portion - 1 => 1-portion - 1,

with the bead from 1 portion returning to the undifferentiated plain, and
this continues until 2-portion = 0 (or becomes non-existent).

Note that a method is necessary to keep 1-portion and 2-portion separate
and labeled.

Multiplication and division also work by repeated additions and subtrac-
tions, using a 3-portion, if not 4-portion and 5-portion for tallying -
see heaps, below.

And how are portions diminished or incremented in the midst of a solid sea
of beads? Moats must be constructed, portions piled in grounds cleared of
any interferences.

So that from the plain, one gathers beads into heaps. The heaps are separ-
ated by blanked space, the ground-state; this state G = 0. G is always
existent; it is a territorialization, a boundary, a marker by virtue of
lack of demarcation. If G = 0 it is 0 anywhere, everywhere that G is.
Think of it as the Basin in Bon religion, or Kristevan chora. Nothing is
ever placed within G; G surrounds heaps. New heaps may be created, but G
is not among them, within them. In this sense, G is not a natural number,
but a numberless state, not even an emptying of number. In this sense as
well, the integers move from 1 upwards; negative integers might be indi-
cated by heaps labeled as negative, but in fact all heaps are of the form:

HN = | N | where N > 0.

To add: combine heaps. To subtract: Either remove any number of beads from
one heap and place them in a second heap or:

Begin with H1 = X and H2 = Y. To reach X - Y:

Subtract a bead from both; place these beads in a third heap H3; carry
this operation out until H2 is empty. When H2 is empty, H2 = 0 = G, the
undifferentiated state, H2 no longer existent. But see below, labeling.

This depends of course on Y < or = X.

To multiply X * Y. Create H3 and H4. Move H1 bead by bead to H3; each
time, add one bead to H4. When H1 = 0 (i.e. non-existent), subtract one
bead from H2 and place it in H5. Then move H3 bead by bead to H1 (which
must be created anew - H3 and H1 oscillating in this fashion); each time,
add one bead to H4. When H3 = 0 (i.e. non-existent), subtract another bead
from H2 and place it in H5. We then have

H1 = X
H3 = 0 (i.e. non-existent)
H2 = Y - 2
H4 = X * 2

continue until

H2 = 0 (i.e. non-existent) at which point H4 = X * Y.

In order to divide, a similar process is used, tracking beads removed from
H1 in quantities of H2, until H2 > H1 (as divided), in which case what
remains in H1 is the remainder.

We have numbers to no base or perhaps to base infinity or to base 1. At
the level of the heap, infinity cycles back to 1; at the level of the
heap, there is no positionality. With the infinite or inaccessibly high
finite column abacus, an infinite base might be theoretically employed,
each integer individuated; with the infinite or inaccessibly high finite
row abacus, a base of 1 might be theoretically employed, each integer an
extension.

Throughout all of this, the heaps must be labeled (just as the portions
had to be labeled); think of a interior beads in label quantities o oo ooo
oooo ooooo surrounding an emptied center, with rays connecting the center
through the label quantities to the heaps beyond. If there are no heaps
beyond certain label quantities, those spaces are reserved for the crea-
tion of heaps, i.e. as in the oscillation of H1 and H3 above, which is
based on the constant recreation of heaps in order to carry out multiplic-
ation and division.

Naturally the ground must be kept clear of any rolling beads, false beads,
embezzlement beads, stolen beads, extra beads, and masqueraded bead-like
objects. And naturally the ground must be level to avoid such rolling
beads as well as emptied, flat, in order to create maximum conditions of
visibility. One might think of Bentham's Panopticon as described by Fou-
cault in this regard - while beads remain undifferentiated, except by
virtue of belonging as a member of a set (heap), they must nonetheless
leave a trail or trace; nothing must remain unaccounted or unaccounted-for
and nothing must be unaccountable.


=====


Infinitely Small


What happens when the size S of beads grows infinitely (or inaccessibly
low finite) small?

Of course one does not consider the size of abacus beads. But, given the
heap, one might want to...

With the abacus of infinitely high (or deep) columns, or the abacus of
infinitely wide rows, measurement becomes an issue. Thus to add length X
and length Y, measure X + Y, move beads. To subtract X from Y, measure X
and within X from the far end, remove beads.

To divide, repeatedly subtract X from Y until X < Y which is the remain-
der. But without quantity, who knows how many subtractions? Keep track of
subtractions with finite beads! (Note the need for a second measurement,
second instrumentation.)

However, to multiply is impossible; without scale, without beads, there is
no way of telling how many beads are necessary. This is fascinating - in
this instance it's easier to divide than multiply!

One might measure X against Y by moving string, and in that fashion create
an accurate multiplication - but only if X/Y or Y/X = an integer. Other-
wise one is lost without further calculation, fractions, and so forth. An
exercise: What calculations are necessary? What additional instruments?

Given the plain, it's easy to add portions and subtract portions - the
latter by laying the flat-measure of one portion on top of the other, or,
given the two-dimensional invariant, removing portions from X and placing
Y within them, until the roughly the same shape occurs (providing one has
geometry at work); one might also place Y next to X, and remove portions
of X until it appears that Y and the removed portions are equal.

Appearances, appearances. Multiplication and division become much more
difficult. An exercise! (And an exercise in perception. Again, we're run-
ning into external instrumentation, tallying.)

Consider the heap: To add, add portions. TO subtract, take away. To sub-
tract a given portion, take portions away until they appear equivalent to
the given portion.

Or weigh the results. Or displace, measure water. Think of Archimedes.

All of these bring quantity back by other means. Suppose there are no mea-
sure strings, no way of judging equivalences, no waters, no scales. Then
one might add by bringing portion to portion, and one might subtract - but
only ikonically, by removing the subtracted portion. (This is quite impor-
tant; if the abacus is indexical in Peirce's terms, the heap of substance
is ikonic; representation is peripheral and obtuse at best. One is mucking
in the real, not fucking in the symbolic. Literally!)

One could not, for example, say, remove 1/3 of that heap, or remove this
amount Y from that heap. One would begin with heap X and remove Y, both
unquantified, and then one would be left with:

X - Y

and Y.

How to remove a second portion Z such that Z = Y? This is impossible with-
out external measuring.

One begins with heap or heaps, one separates, one combines. It is a kind
of concatenation without labeling. One can't say synchronically, spatial-
ly, that X = Y + Z, but one can say diachronically, temporally, that X
_did equal_ Y + Z. It is always a question of process.

I am sure I am making errors throughout. Nonetheless: With infinitely
small beads, with the reign of _substance,_ digital meets analog; the
raster is now infinitely fine, and the modeling of the real has become
equivalent to the real itself. As above, the ikonic becomes identity, a
movement from the equivalences constituting the digital, a movement from
the _adjudicated_ (and hence the origins of culture) raster back to
relative undifferentiation.

(If the digital inhabits eternity, the analog is worn, worn down; who is
to say that erosion doesn't enter into the mess of the heaps, that with
the division into Y + Z noise enters as well - Serres' Parasite - a bit of
spillage, entropy, ultimately bringing down the constituted house? We are
close to the _nerves of the real_ here, dissipated signals within which
even the digital must reside. Pass the thresher, pass the threshold...)


=====


oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooo


oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo


=====


infinite abacus, accountancy, culture


meandering paths among heaps and stones
slow streamings, quietude
murmurs of pebble movement
who is counting here
who knows the names


=====


no hands, names, dullness of flame, spark, & name. & knew there was some-
thing i had dreamed, of names, of the numbers of names,, who knows the
names i tried,, spreading words & wounds, numberless states, places,
unemptied, handless, ashes & charnalhouses, sparks & nameless flames,,,


=====


what remains after the deluge

maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya
maya &a; &b; &c; &d; &e; < > & &lb;  maya maya maya & maya & "  maya maya
maya maya maya maya maya maya maya < maya maya maya maya maya maya maya
maya maya maya maya ^? maya ^?  maya maya maya maya maya
maya-prayer-extensions maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya
maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya
maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya maya
maya maya "  maya maya maya maya maya < > maya > maya maya maya

after the filtering and after the protocols
after the enumerations, after the denumerations

what remains after the orbit
after the rockets thrust into datagrams and routings
across softwares and hardwares

what remains as higher ascii particles are cleaned up, the text
rendered taut / distraught, nothing but ashes, it's just like
any work, all work at a _loess_


=====


implementation of (infinite) abacus


balls in grooves & if you slant the rock they roll dependent
   on the tilt and depth of cut so they do not fall out,
   so they are there or not there
anyone can tell they are there or not there
bring the balls back, lower the tilt
so they lower the tilt, the balls remain
let ones move from groove to groove
later on it will remain for all time: let ones remain from groove
   to groove
count or capitulate balls
later on, the grooves worn, balls flailing against all accountancy
we must move the tallying
later on, museums of grooves, a few remaining balls, weakened, witness,
   positionless
lift the grooves from the surface of the rock, breaths of different
   exhalations furrowing the air
creatures scurrying around the elder place of tallying
office lamps, illuminations, you can hear the clacking of the balls
   even on the lower floors


=====


living within our means
of the abacus as if we're haunted by beadwork
and its mobility, as if ends were always elsewhere
beyond the framework
really nothing more than a domain or groundwork
where you might find someone sweeping the garden
of stones into patterns always forgetting
every one of them moving, about to be moved,
about to move, every one of them quiet, in place
beyond the framework,
invisible, as we're
borne in streams, as we're borne streams, muting
along worn and barely visible furrows, in earth
or stone, or in water or among membranes, most
comforting, surrounding us, placenta feeding us,
or feeding gardens, or earthwork,
or groundwork, with furrows, as we begin,
to constitute, or begin, to cancel and as we begin,
to calculate or begin,
the smallest particle of speech, already bead,
already speechwork, already labor, and
the measurement of the hole, where nearly, the bead
might move, in placework, might be placed,
might place, among our conscious, within, withal,
our perplexity, that we may comprehend, mindwork,
furrows and garden, work and beadwork, softly
already

=====

on abacus onon on
on on abacus onon
onon abacus on on

=====


