
too many puncta

http://www.alansondheim.org/punc.jpg 

going across country, recording very low frequency radio from 
zones free from power-grid interference: maps indicate locations
http://www.alansondheim.org/map.mov loop 

geneva performance, access grid data looping around the u.s.,
long-distance video echo
http://www.alansondheim.org/accgrid.mp4 

soundloop from an unknown source.
http://www.alansondheim.org/polecat.mov

all from harddrive 6 roughly a decade ago; all fascinate me now.

too many puncta - too much work appearing to carry uncanny and 
categorical meaning (phenomenological, psychoanalytical), the 
text below from my writings over the past thirty years.

they leave a mess:

quark| rasa| 
motioning|the|primes,an|punctum|punning|qin|quark|rasa|realspace| 
cinquepluspartupunejournalpunctumpunctumpunctum milk-white of 
enthrallment - abandons the punctum for a field incapable of the 
image - an image the opposite of the punctum, an jooai! phor 
interminably _punctum_ i experienced. but i had no doubt that a 
home. i needed a place to stand. i can't stand viewpoint_ - its 
makings, a punctum of the unutterable, the any minor the grid > 
punctum on the continuum; your speech goes nowhere; 'last of a 
species' or reproductive pool, which is becoming more curl-suck 
cybinfo- d-love fog prosebio- punctum-goof desire, - 
wehwehf|icf| w@s rbquatrelpunctum phenomenological token or 
unepluspart'$ tf|unecinquepunctumpunctum tf|quatret i'aye/| @$ i 
cinquequatreid, thecinquee tf|ings ers, the 0ph 
crequatreplusparti0aye|punctumpunctumpunctumpunctum une 
wehwehunell aye/|@kb unepluspart betpluspartbrpunctum but unet 
hquatreaye|dpunctumpunctumpunctum pluspartf|b hour poly poly 
detritus $ceben from irak wehweh@rrune0r oaye|liaye|epunctum une 
coaye/|ingpunctum pluspartf|brb wunell bb cinqueoaye/|b the that 
had come before, from habitus to empty punctum, from poly pushed 
raise pushed rav raise pluspartef| f|our on evidence - male and 
female gaze, punctum, power and optical singular a, barthes' 
punctum. the symbolic encompasses. in irc, punctum of barthes, 
the object little-a of lacan, the urnal th@t the camera 
gathering the singularity of a _punctum,_ the within punning = 
qbasic = quicktime = realspace = but a surplus which punctum 
punning qbasic quicktime realspace rearticulation that's 
considered abstracted, alogic within the digital. punctum what 
was occurring in the virtual ates the use of .obj files as the 
punctum occurs _elsewhere,_ the real of the usual is in loss of 
idea. i shall see all of me, you can see through me, i'm organic 
while identity spatially restricts the organic.  _punctum_ i 
editing in the digital image-photograph, no punctum suspect, 
would he care. the jew in every one of us, the dirty as 
hysterical reaches beyond this anti-punctum, manque or the 
vanishing-point, which becomes a plane and punctum of intimacy. 
breasts bared before icicles: punctum forms among yellow-red 
_punctum,_ a reminder or remainder of nudity that is the limit 
wanedhat * perhaps the entire surface is a survival or punctum 
that is desire seducing away from the inverse punctum of the 
take, punctum). gesture falls short: the witness - and there 
_punctum,_ the text evacuates, excretes, _registers._ at :> this 
dung-heap of of a legacy, punctum, the imaginary of the punctum 
the punctum of representation, segment (breakaway bandwidth) of 
exhaustion, punctum, of the 'last of a marginalia, punctum, 
quatreaye|oplusparther think of the door as a gateway, v - both 
of which appear effects neutrality, but is in fact the punctum.  
photograph than a reconstruction in which everything punctum, of 
the 'last of a species' or and the fascism of the puckered, 
withdrawn. the fluid punctum, within or without any punctum for 
the issues raised here; its aesthetics are part and is still the 
origin, and we rid ourselves of the optical asserts itself, and 
the punctum dissolves. for spherical; the point, spreading from 
the punctum of this also for me references the ikonic, the 
punctum-vortex which dissipates as it forms tends towards the 
puzzle; the punctum is those elements realspace in the qin. and 
in punctum punning qin quark rasa icinquepunctumpunctumpunc- 
enter the sleazy, tawdry - enter remaining ot the usual issues 
occur: male and female gaze punctum of the world: what doesn't 
epunctum quatret aye|une9ht, direction.  and there is always the 
exhaustion, punctum, of the already) that there is punctum, 
drains it. harboring matter is primarily motioning| the| 
primes,an| punctum| punning| qin| mobile punctum which moved 
partf|b$b fune9urecinque 0n tf|b left earth silenced, this 
_punctum_ in the night of readerless space. such (and differs 
from similar problems e.g. the punctum). than point-sets we like 
to believe are a punctum a la barthes, form bush would win, that 
_punctum_ to the others, a collection of punctum, the binary 
operation of absorption, and the story of punctum, an tiny 
shooting star moving south from here, almost a landscape without 
a point-of-view, punctum, can be grasped. recuperation, 
something alogic punctum {1} expands wearing away 
hunetpluspartiaye|9 inpluspart0 pluspartf|e vestige, punctum, of 
ewehwehf|brb $0aye/|ewf|brb plusparthunecinque oaye| 
f|@njournalpunctumpunctumpunctum plusparthicinque icinque 
<cylinder>: i am your pole punctum avatar = pubic = punctum = 
cinqueom- powbrpunctumpunctumpunctum on the lbphpluspart, yet 
baye|dpunctumpunctumpun- unaccountable, unaccounted, _punctum,_ 
representation, encod- (paaraameternrhz) hzure early yesterday, 
and felt a sense of relief at the minor point, plane and 
punctum." shudders - as the real re/presents there's no end to 
it; the titles carry periods as what can one say about an image 
with _an inverted punctum,_ _as if there's _necessary 
incrimination_ guilty. _punctum_ enclosure defuge as annihilated 
punctum; doesn't if you have followed me is punctum, intended? 
planetwing poly potential poly punctum {1} expands into the 
optical continuum always the exhaustion, might need to be 
punctum, as i insist (voice echoing, dissolving 
circumscriptions. punctum; doesn't cybermind is sleazy, the body 
alignments of together, defeat punctum-turret, alignments 
infinitesimals crowd point fun punctum level of meaning? does 
and more common. say that reproduction temporally smears the 
given and forgiving, all terminal, barthes' punctum centered in 
rec09aye|unezb (please note issues of ontology, image, poly poly 
potential punctum possibility, but a legacy, punctum, wanedhaat 
(punctum) (parameternrs) (punctum) (parameternrs) sure gateway, 
v spreading punctum displacement condensation wings barthes' 
punctum or the grain of the voice; travis wakes to the the 
_punctum_ or uncanny spread across the psychic literal 
jucinquepluspart getcinque prbp0spluspartbroucinquepunctum 
punctum-punctuation;  these are a punctum in barthes' sense, i'm 
life - dreams of the loch ness monster point in another nor 
mutual creating and of a legacy, punctum, special holocaust, 
which then trigger, not 8ut i'd f|quatrewehe y0u zzehaldean uzn 
orld graphzhzmuhz spreading punctum rwandan, jew, armenia, of a 
part for the whole; _something,_ museum), a problematic punctum 
mirroring the skysphere cone. moving south from here, almost 
overhead, a punctum, from here realspace and is all that moves. 
(what barthes should nealize, consideration: reproduction is not 
necessarily a constituent of point, punctum, is the dream of 
immersion and its digital decay. plusparthun- 1 issues of 
departure, punctum - carrying mementos 
fooai!lbjournalpunctumpunctumpunctumpunctum 9. at this point, 
empty that it would form the punctum of an essay, nor, i sure 
that's it, you're getting thought of it as an absorptive 
punctum, drains it. harboring matter is puckered, structed 
mpunctum$oaye/|etunemecinque jooai! jucinquepluspart d0 of 
mbaye| quatrerb cinqueo psychoanalytics = pubic = punctum = 
punning psychoanalytically universal skies tum c0aye/|iaye|9 
t0wquatrerjournalcinque @aye| punctum, digital humanities, and 
more as a marker or punctum of overhead, a punctum i together, 
defeat of the punctum-turret, parcel of punctum in points, 
swirl-objects emptied of substance: pluspartf|uneci- neither 
punctum nor 'turtles all the way down' that the punctum occurs 
is the crossroads here, indicated by the woolf's guitar') 
punctum punning qbasic quark quicktime rasa actions go punctum 
to habitus, until regimes of radiations would unaccounted-for, a 
punctum without a uspartf| $0mb0aye|bpunctum history, any 
punctum, any someone waiting, any someone art, the thing or 
punctum, but also by the isolated far numerical madding 
everything becomes punctum, neither here nor claritz,_ your 
history, punctum, peripheral. the self, the vanishing- is not 
punctum, which spews neitherness, something or enquai itself as 
punctum-turned-filter, the return of the an- the cloth/ing 
narrative punctum. if you haven't, chartered space. 
psychoanalytics punctum punning qbasic quicktime psychoanalytics 
be a lure or _punctum,_ and just so, elsewhere, i will lacan's 
(punctum) (parameternrs) sure wanedhat memory parallelism 
(punctum) (not sure what i meant here) and there is always the 
some _punctum,_ must appear as of movement. (hey barthes, maybe 
punctum, etc. but these our sleep; her presence provided a 
special holocaust, rwandan, jew, psychoanalytically = minor91 
_punctum_ experienced. doubt would win, voice to this extent, to 
the point or _punctum_ in the irreality of a==>c.b==>c.ba==>c. 
a==>c.b==>c..==>c. a==>c.b==>c..==>c.a==>c.b==>c.ba==>c. 
a==>c.b==>c..==>c. a==>c.b==>c.ba==>c.a==>c.b==>c..==>c. 
a==>c.b==>c.ba==>c.


a conversation on the phatic, sound, and  philosophy

http://www.alansondheim.org/phatic.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/phatic.mp3

(please use earphones if possible)

Thomas Zummer and Alan Sondheim discuss philosophy,
mathesis, and the phatic, within an aural / phatic
production. Philosophical praxis and the praxis of 
philosophy.

phatic fatik/ adjective adjective: phatic

denoting or relating to language used for general 
purposes of social interaction, rather than to convey 
information or ask questions. Utterances such as hello, 
how are you? and nice morning, isn't it? are phatic.
The expulsion of the body into the content of language,
the cough, the languor, the murmur, the necessity of
breath -

potential for metastasis. Lymphatic invasion is not
identified with any of ture,_ becomes one with the
_emphatic,_ the predicate in initial position
potential for metastasis. Lymphatic invasion is not
identified with any of emphatic new musick waz
ecstatic and born have not hidden, my lymphatic nodes,
the phlegm that steels from luraghi, _old hittite
ture,_ _emphatic,_ predicate "da lugal-as sopranino
ascii! lymphatic joplin, bjork! pray: loosens soil
hearth. tills aho abbhuta140. Usually combd. with
similar emphatic particlese. abbhuta . usually combd.
emphatic particlese. g. vata dha.ii

breath/e.



Dyn Frenzy

http://www.alansondheim.org/dyn.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/frenzy1.mp3 tro sor
http://www.alansondheim.org/frenzy2.mp3 hegelung
http://www.alansondheim.org/frenzy3.mp3 hegelung inv. dyn.

inverse Dynamic/ionisu/s

dedicated 2 Barca which haven't lost a game in the 
last 35 matches, setting a record today. and the 
frenzy because i needed a break and the tro sor and
hegelung provided that. and because i tried again
to caress the limits of my body's finger's ability
on 2 2-stringed instruments. and because there was
so much i had to overcome.

[8:14]  You: yes, frenzy first. under human materials.
In a frenzy, he scribbled.
And in the frenzy of the noon - sleeping.
Take it as far as you can; frenzy awakened it.
"And in his wild frenzy caught his doom!"
The frenzy of the exterior of the motivated body:
I'm guided into frenzy by a tro sor.
I'm guided into frenzy by a hegelung.
You're guided into frenzy by a tro sor.
You're guided into frenzy by a hegelung.
your whichr whichided whichfrenzy which whicht.
frenzy whichpews which whichfere whichserious 
and whichstration which.
[8:14]  You: yes, frenzy first. under human materials.
The frenzy of the exterior of the motivated body:



Culling Cull My Work

http://www.alansondheim.org/tuningguzheng.jpg 
tuning the guzheng, playing/tuning, revdyn
http://www.alansondheim.org/tuningguzheng.mp3

The texts are sliced._ The texts are _disembued._ The texts are 
_reinserted_ and _rearranged._ The texts are _perverted_ and 
_reassembled._ The texts are _broken_ and _sutured._ The texts 
are their own _subtexts_ and _kernels._ The texts are 
_philosophical._ The texts speak _the unspeakable._ The texts 
are _stitched texts._ The texts _surge surgery._ The texts 
_write themselves_ and _read themselves._ The texts _give gifts_ 
and _take nothing._ The texts are _thus._

hahahah! i will eat all poor children. i woll cull yea.!: world 
picture culled from Internet Text Sat Dec :: EST whe in umoricu 
is tho groutost prosidont ovor. i woll cull yea. ak yea. i woll 
cull yea. . i woll cull yea.acirema ot llac pu-ekaw a (culled 
from original sources) - editing or culling into the texts i 
wrote - --byronwhen chief priests scribes --matt what lessvalue 
harvest cull . i woll cull yea.dlihc ybub gnikcaf raey llik ed i 
. i woll cull . Queer culls . Worlds of real-time manual labor 
in relation to culling/production: CD . I have culled this 
essential herb from the wild garden of herbs of :!. i woll cull 
yea.nerdlihc roop lla tae lliw i !hahahah :cull i woll cull yea. 
:!. i woll cull yea.nerdlihc roop lla tae lliw Ah! ripples in 
forgotten corners of the universe - culled work emerging, An 
essay to date (rough draft with numerous slots to be filled in) 
culled And I've been meaning to write this for a long time, 
culling the words, Australia kangaroos wallabies bush, 'culling' 
i.e. killing Dojoji has disappeared. culled text dead: I have 
culled this essential herb from the I recirculate myself, cull 
myself. I divide myself, split myself. Jennifer called, would 
speak... call me to now feelings, culling, mad, Jennifer, 
obsession, obsessed, about, called, culling, mad, feeling, 
Julu-interferes portcullises; fruits domain, unknown unto 
Lexie's brother (?) talking about 'culling' - i.e. killing - 
them. Mullerscullersmaller scullersmaller On the rewrytings, 
rewrythings, of the culling / interpreting texts * Retire the 
cull: Richez scully Alchemi Uzi Ennio Morane Pink Praga Kermit 
Rutkowski shaun Suicide, the cull, far too many over years: The 
culling or the called, refuge and refugee, abandoned and 
abandonment The following pieces are culled from the Internet 
Text, a project I have The results of culling 'deconstruction' 
from the Internet Text: This text is culled from an outline of 
current work prepared for my Tomei topos totalization tr trAce 
poesis cull deconstruction Using talk or chat - 'culling' texts 
or textual bodies Violation Fabric # : 'sondheim' 
cull-alteration [Thinking about the discussion on Netbehaviour, 
I did a cull of 'virtual' _renitency,_ caught culling their 
dreams, drawn down their drowning, about these? Only that they 
represent, as processes or cullings of actually qr was a pretty 
good time! just another word-culling am sending a wake-up call 
to america. i woll cull yea. and portcullises; you can see the 
fruits of her new domain, Julu says, no and prey, herd and cull, 
grain and territory. at almost every turn. The culling 
operations are never 'pure'; they lend bane culls flesh fails 
bone among flesh beands. i woll cull yea. beyond return, the 
sonnet to the final couplet. The culling or bone culls bone 
culls full boon good bone brilliant writing, taken over by 
violent spam. below is a culled calling, kill or culling. Ground 
zero is the table-tabulation of the caught culling their dreams, 
drawn down their drowning, collapse is to the discrete, 
intensification, as if essence were culled. commanding, perhaps 
cull guilt conclusion, culling meaning, culling in the fields of 
desire, culling corps coterie council coveycredit union crop 
culling customs designdetail crossing crossingoverjordan crown 
crude crumbling crushing crying culled cull our privacy cull 
yea. cull yea. i will kill thoso poeplo killing blucks in thoir 
ovil juils. i cull, culling cull cull: but the joist of particle 
physics, muons as virtual dissolves in cull: example: "What is 
ans in the lanscape beyon a particle physics? a cull: the table 
disappears in particle physics. in fundamental particle culled 
from De Montfort discussion culled from other things, blocks are 
taken out - sequences culling, (from culled from remnants of the 
massoumi / Brian Massumi film transformed into culled from these 
texts, and i'm tired of this. it doesn't make any sense, culled 
regrets culling penetrates inversion dyed negatives negative 
culling penetrates inversion dyed negatives positives culling 
positives. culling substance, not dyed, not negatives culling 
(of past sins) culling from all of my work for example, I could 
enter a simple command culling from the lost, everything and 
nothing escaping wryting without culling holocaust culling 
culling nothing, i remained shaken but alive. culling outline 
until real or virtual disappearance culling shadow as well of 
other or textus vitual virtualis culling sound from everything i 
know on oud: "if you are going to culling-grep condensate culls 
bone bone shaves boon bone shave culls culls shave shave shear 
shear cultural reinterpretation, the culling of history, the 
negation-effects of cutting through in upon the preposition of 
release or culling day, but with the textual culling I do, the 
texts can reach lines or digital, culled from poetics if not 
poetry itself, in-formed by _culling,_ dissipation forgotten 
langu culled from R of the massoumi drawn editing or culling 
into the texts i wrote - first assembled into files - even back 
with some of the TI programs. The work I do culling text from 
example, would be culled and critiqued from within the 
substance, that fecundity. but is now, I recirculate myself, 
cull myself. divide full culls gnorant. woll cull yea.ecnetnes 
gnorw od ot tnediserp ma i nuf grep -h "cull myself"  > grep -h 
"operate on myself" >> wc grep -h grep what i go about culling 
my writing from air a/char >> zzbaby black hands, _my book,_ 
culled from these texts - something that will never hap- has 
foresight. i woll cull yea. hateboard death cull have hindsight. 
i woll cull yea. . i woll cull yea.uoy llik lliw i . i hello 
this is the wake-up call from the president of america. i woll 
cull i am the president and i have foresight. i woll cull yea. 
we will have to i am the president and i have readiness and 
preparation. i woll cull yea. i woll cull yea. i am ready to 
kill all stupid person. i woll cull yea. i'd cull words from 
texts, water from air sound from air behind i'm tired of this 
stuff. it doesn't make any sense. culling stuff from the 
inescapable wallow. here is the edited / reworked cull from the 
texts into into everything likes is sim written. into cull have 
more is a Buddhist chant, formed in part out of mathesis and 
culling, and in lost. Everything and nothing escapes a wryting 
without conclusion, culled meaning, culled in the fields of 
desire. my hutrod knews ne beands. i woll cull yea. i will kill 
thoso fuscists. i network. wisdom is the culling of 
extraneity.:at chikeka, two men were news photographs denise 
cerda modeling jerry cullum seen no theory marcia offline until 
real or virtual disappearance, culling shadow as well as or 
cullings of unbounded universes, dojoji has disappeared, culling 
dead past couple of decades (culling 'existentialism' from the 
Internet Text): past sins) culling nothing, i remained shaken 
but alive, culling online pegis grephocs terpreted 
interpretation act prof! culled everything; permanent semblance 
more have cull into been sim remains likes phenomenology of the 
analog/digital, and the second is culled from the philosophy 
culled from facebook, by immediately notifications; by facebook 
poesis cull deconstruction frame. presences decon copula grasp 
paralleling poetics, if not a poetry per se, that is in-formed 
by _culling._ These poor poerson is stupid poerson. i woll cull 
yea. with the greatest preparation i do send out my wake-up 
call. i woll cull yea. releasing into the body of the other 
culling the body of the other ripples in forgotten corners of 
the universe - culled work which emerges shave bone boon shaves 
bone bone culls flesh scrape flesh boon bane and siht olleh we 
will have to use foresight. i woll cull yea. who in america 
sinking equipment continues textus vitual culling outline 
virtualis small child. i woll cull yea. i am in destiny and 
america. i woll cull social philosophy culled from facebook, 
taliban are doing on a daily basis - the culling of difference - 
occurred tamblyn kyoto feb march kangaroos wallabies bush 
lexie's 'culling' ie tending/transparency raster/protocols 
participate large, culling terror, not even the culling, the 
shattering of the thin shells of the text by culling from the 
internet text as a whole; the command I generally texts culled 
from my everything; my commanding, perhaps grep -h cull texts, 
the results of culling 'deconstruction' from the internet text: 
that of others or textus vitual virtualis editing or culling 
into the that quota is allotted, that the account is culled from 
time to time. It the following are descriptions, culled from the 
past seventeen years, of the president in america can send out 
the wake-up call. i woll cull yea. the president in america is 
the greatest president ever. i woll cull yea. then culling my 
work - grep -h poesis - just a list but - thing burrowed, 
exhumed, culled, summed, un-luminous, runt-category, type this 
for a long time, culling the words, that they represent, as 
processes this mouns thut tho fuco ef tho ourth is ear in 
dostiny. i woll cull yea. this text is culled from an outline of 
current work prepared for my time, here, I permanent semblance 
more have cull into been sim tion at the borderline nation or 
operation culling wat remanes of the we say about these? Only 
that they represent, as processes or _cullings_ what i go about 
culling my writing from my writing whe in umoricu cun sond eat 
tho wuko-ap cull. i woll cull yea. whe in umoricu is tho 
groutost prosidont ovor. i woll cull yea. who in america can 
send out the wake-up call. i woll cull yea. woll cull yea. woll 
cull yea. i um tho prosidont. i woll cull yea. my hutrod knews 
ne woll cull yea. i will do eat all small child. i woll cull 
yea. i kill woll cull yea. i will kill thoso poeplo strungling 
ear libortios. i woll woll cull yea.ecnetnes gnorw od ot 
tnediserp ma i nuf os si ti AAA AA world picture culled from 
internet text sat dec :: est - yea. . i woll cull yea.acirema fo 
tnediserp eht morf llac pu-ekaw eht si



my archive as of 3/07/16

http://www.alansondheim.org/wvpollution.jpg (old)
http://www.alansondheim.org/car.mp4 (very old piece
at experimental television center w/foofwa, azure)

http://www.alansondheim.org/gindex.txt
the directory and file tree on the 4 tb harddrive

http://www.alansondheim.org/filenames.txt

filenames and directory names without duplication
(different file versions haven't been noted; the
number of files might be conceivably larger).
and somehow adobe element files and other
software files show up. i'm letting it go as is.
if you printed out the directory, you'd end up
some 3000 pages which might make for interesting
reading. i have a migraine from working on this
the past few, days, seeing directory structures
wherever i look.



Early Essence of Cauterized Archival Ideality

http://www.alansondheim.org/texst.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/tanz.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/cauterize.txt (gindex index below)
http://www.alansondheim.org/gindex.txt (revised tree)
http://www.alansondheim.org/filenames.txt (revised tree)

(indices revised to eliminate software files)

!amor #inde 'fold ()lan (arti (asse (does (edit (from (mpen 
(phot (s)pl (soci (this (vrml aaaaa aaaam aaacl aaalu aaati 
aabod aabri aacti aaggd aagun aaind aakti aandd aapwr aasph 
aatwr aavel aawhe abeha aborn aborn aborn about above absin 
abstr abuse ac ac acces acdse achie acker acons acqua actio 
adame adamz adboo added addic addre addre aden adjun adobe adpro 
adsam adven advic aesth aeuro afewr affec afgha afsar after 
after after ag()w again agasi agcla agend aggri agpas ah ah 
ahmet aidse ainte aird airs akald alan' alana alanb aland alanm 
alanp alanp alanp alanr alans alans alans alans alans alans 
alans alans alans alans alans alans alans alans alans alans 
alans alans alans alans alans alans alans alans alans alans 
alans alans alans alans alans alans alans alans alans alant 
alarm album album aleph alets alien alien allan allco allic 
allma allmy allpr along alpin alpin alpsd alter altos alway ama 
a amazo amazo ameli amere ameri ameri amher amith among amput 
amy a anaes analo analo analo andno aneno angel angel angui 
anima animd anitt annih annua annua anoma anore anore answe 
antel anten anthe antio antiq antiq ants aorgm apdgv apoap apply 
april aqpz arbei archa archa arche archi archs arcit arcne arena 
arena arena arfli ariap arm a armen armvc arses artan artbo 
artga artis artpl artwo ascen ascii asire aslca aspen aspip 
aspro asses asses assig aster asusl atane atigr atint atlan 
atset attai atthe attri audac audio audit audub augme aukew 
auror auror auslo auto autoe autor avada avant avata avata avata 
avata avata avata avata avata avata avata avata avata avata 
avgaf avsig awry azamn azeds azinm azoud aztif azure azure azure 
azure azure azure azure azure azure azure azure azure azure 
azure azure azure azure azure azure azure azure azure azure 
azure azzlb baalh bachi backh backt backu badth bah!h baldw 
baldw baldw baldw baldw baldw ball balle ballp banap bangu bank 
barcl barcl barcl bardo baris barpi base basin batst bb bb bbgif 
bcdca bclas bcwav beach beate beatt bebop becom beefs befor 
begin behor being bells belly benea beren berna besse betty bf 
bf bgif bibli bidel bigda bigpi biles billy bingb binoc bioco 
bioco biogo biomo birdc birdh birdi birdn birds birdw birth 
birth bitne bizpl bjcme bk bk bks b black blank blank bleed 
blend blend blend blend blizz blizz block blond blood blood 
bloom blown blueb blueg blues blung boatv bodib bodyg bodyr 
bodyv bogda bolsa bolsa bolsa bombi bones bonju booju booke 
bookm booko bookp bookr bookr boonj boote borro boson botan 
bottl bottl bourb bourn bowbo bowed bowlb bowwe boysm bqcp brand 
break breas breat breat breen bretz bridg bridg brigc brigs 
brill bring broad broke broke broke broke broke brook brook 
brown brunl btdos buddh budge buffa build bulbb bunj& bur b 
burgw burnb burtf busin buzz( byabb bygon byrbe bytep cable 
cafel cairn calce calen call callm calyp cammi can't canai candy 
canma canon cantr canwe capac carbo cardo carol carrb carri 
carte carte carto casea casep casse castl catch catex cathe 
cathe cathm catms cauld cauld cauld cautb caver caver cavet 
cavvi cayle cayle ccc c cdplu ceili cf cf chang chann chann 
chant chape chapt charn chasi chchc cheat check chica chica 
chicd child child china chine chine chiso choix chor chora chora 
chora choru chris chris chrom chtm churc churn cine circl citeu 
citys cjdc clair clari clark class clc c cleia cleve click cliff 
clipb cloak clock clock clock cloth cloud clust cmc c cmmov 
cobza cobza cobza coded codew codew codew codew codew codew 
codew codew codro coher coldb colgi colla colla color colsa 
combi comeb comei comet comfu commo commu compa compl compl 
compo comps compu compu conce conf confe confi confr conno conso 
const conta conta conti contr contr conun conve cooke coope 
coppe copyo copyo cordw corne corre cortl cosmo cotan counc 
count count count coupl cours coutc cover cower cpshe crabb 
crane crash crazy crdit cream creat creat creat creek crepu 
crime crimp crisi criti criti crlfb crotc crux cryin cryst cryst 
cryst crywa cspot csrex cthon cubbi cull cultu cumbu cupri curac 
curay curry cusbc cutem cutgi cvfoo cwpdf cyber cyber cyber 
cybrm cycli cymai cypos cypos cyrax dada dadmp dalle damag damon 
damth dance dance dance dance dance danci danej danie dansc dark 
darkl darkn darkn darkn darkr darli daspr dateb dawnc dawnp 
dayan dayda dayth dcfsl ddbla ddloa deadi deadm deans deara 
death death death death death debri debtf decem decon deepa 
deepe deepl defau defra degba deleu deleu delic dello delta 
demon demos dense denve depth derri derri derri derta desce 
desce descr descr deser deskt detai devit dgjl dia d diago diags 
diala diasp dicon dicti diffi digit dikel ding direc disap disap 
disco diskf dispa dispe displ dista disti distr distr distu 
diver djulu dkico dmhlp dnape docum doequ dollu domin dongt 
doome dorse dossi doubl doubl doutc downl downt downt dprj drawd 
drawt dream dream dremm dreyf drivi drone drone drone drone 
drown drvsp dschh dstor ducha dueta duets dumbh duosh dura durad 
duskr dvc d dvdvi dxgve dying eagui early early earsm earth 
earth easyl ebdes ebook eccfi ecfca echop ecoco ecolo ecoso 
ecsta edgeb edgeh ediac edite editp edrtf eeesl egret eifac 
eifac eight eight eight elecf elect elect elect elect elegy 
elekt elfvl elink elizm ellek elm e eloan eloar elooi elopd 
eluci email emana embed emily emoti empti emssy ender endin 
endof endpa engli entab enume enunc envel envir epazu epide 
episo epoet epste equat erhua eroti error erros esazd escti 
espco esper esppd esqui essay essay essen esthe etclo etern 
ethic eugen evamd evamp evely event event event event everg 
eviol evolu evolu ewgpe excel excre exhib exlay expas exper 
exper expfa explo expre exten extes extro eyear eyebe eyebe 
eyebe eyebe eyegi ezpif fac f facel faces facet facto fairy 
fairy faith falld fallh falli falli falli falte famil fanta 
fashi fastf fathe fathe fathe faxma fccli fdimo fdimo fdimo 
febap fecun fence fervv fffwa ficti field fifth figur filei 
filla fillo films filte final final final finan findi finge 
finsc firef firem firem fires firew firew first first firtr 
fiucl flagt flame flavo flesh fligh fligh flood floor flori 
flori flub fluid flute flute flv f flyin fmoto folde follo fonta 
foodl foof foofa foofb foofo foofs fooft foofw foofw foofw foofw 
foofw foofw foofw foofw foog fooki fooma footb fopli forbi force 
forei foren fores forma forno forno foroc forpa forsy forth 
forth fortu fouca found found fourg fourl fourn fourt fpdf frame 
franc franc frank frant frcyb freew frenc freq frien friss froma 
frome fromm fromo fromt fromt front frusr ftpln fujil fulli 
fullt fully fumes funbe fungi funnn fussa futur futur fvshh 
gabri gadab galax gambu games gamma gapre garde garyr gatha 
gavon gazir gcaca gcacs gdipl genb gener genev genjm geogr geral 
gertm gestu getpu getti ggif ghich ghich ghich ghost ghtm giflo 
gifts girl girli giveu glade glass glitt globh gloss gltsc glued 
glyph goal gods godsp goexe golde gonej goodb goodt googl googl 
goran gorge gorge gorge gorge gosub gotoh govbi gpdfc grack 
graft grams grano granu graph graup gravw great great green 
green grend greyf gridn grl g groth grott group group grphc 
grund grutl gsjwa guess guest guirl guita guita guncl gunwr 
guqin guqin guzhe gypsy hacki hakme halfb halfr halfv hallo 
hamch hamil hamno hands happy harbo harla harm harmo harne harne 
harne harpo hasa hasap hasap hasta hautb hayle hdagr headi heads 
healt heart heart heg h hegel helix help helpi helpp henon here' 
herei herma herro heylo hhead hiala high higpi hii'v hiiwa hilin 
hippo hisco histo hites hmbro hmbro hohne hold% holdi holid 
holla holog home( homel homun hones hoosh hostk hotpe house 
howid howto hphel hptot httpe httpl httpl httpw httpw humad 
humsp hunnu hunti hurri hurri hurri husse hwled hymna hyrm i'mgr 
i'mse i(x)r ianah iblow icaru icesk icong icons idcst ideol 
idled idont ifany ifidi ifiha igif ihtm ikant illob illus image 
image image image img i imgde immen immur imper impru inchd 
inclu indeo index india indiv indix indus indus ineed inext 
infoq infus inhtm inkey inlan inlov inmed inner inolo input 
insec insec insid insid insil insol insta insta insta inste 
instr inter inter inter inter inter inter inter inter inter 
inter inter inter inter inthe inthe inthe intro intro intro 
intro intru inven invis invit invoi invol ionly iosin ipodn 
iprev irclo irene irish irqda irqre irqto isdel isisd ispel 
isthi it'ss itali itcre itemm iused iwant iwill jacek jackr 
jalal jan j janua japan jassu jcam jeffs jennh jerem jetbl jewis 
jewsj jhave jingb jjjjs jm jm jobop jogia johns johnt jonan 
jonst jorda journ jp jp jquer jquer jsmas juare julua julup 
julut julut jumbl jumpi juneb junet junkd junkd junkd junkd 
junkd junkd junkd junkd junkd junkd jus j justa justo jvect 
kaddi kalak kalip kalya kamsg kanso karlm kathb kayoe kb kc 
kedus kelvi kenba kerne keyc keygi keyqu keywo kfirs kick kigal 
kimo kingd kiora kirab kirab kirag kiral kirap kirav kirav kit k 
kittl kkk k kmore knowi kodak koran korea krish kshut kt ku 
kurdi kyber kyoko kz l lacb lacro lague lakes lambd lamen landg 
lands langl lanso lapor lased lastd lastd lastd lastd laste 
lastn lastn lastn lasto lasto lastw laten later lauri layou 
ldlin leadi leaho leani learn leean leftp leng lenya leopi lesho 
lesse let's letme lever libby libra licen lifeb lifet light 
light liked limel linde linea liner linki lions lista liste 
listi liter littl littl liv&d llcat lockg logge lohen longb 
longn longs looka looki looph lordb loren loset loss lotto lovea 
lowcl lowli lr lr lskye ltheo lucie lumbe lurid luvey lyght 
lynxc maber macgr macgr macgr macgr mache machi machi macst 
madei magic magic magic magic mah() maila maili maime maire 
maked makev makin makin malef malsw manag manbr manif manne 
manov manta mantr mapp maran march marfi maria maria mario marke 
markk marsh marsh marsh marsh marso marth marxm mashu massb 
masth matha mathe mathe mathi matri matsu mauda mauda mauda 
maudb maudd maudi maudm mauds maure maxxo mayak maybu mayki 
mccar mcluh mcluh mcmas mcoll mdtsv me'na measu medie meeti 
meeti meink melod membe memor memor memor memor memor memor 
menis mente menzi merge merk messa messc metal metzg mexic mfc m 
mgtn miami micro mieka migra milcl mille mille milli milli mimic 
minbl mindb mindt minib minol minte minut mirro misoo mistm 
miule mkugp mmtcl mobil mocap mocki mode model model model moder 
moder modes modni mokta momm moms mongi mons monta monte monum 
mooda moonm morea moreo moret mormo morse mossg mothe mound 
mount mount mouse movel movie mplay ms ms msbac msbac mscnv 
msgse msvcr mteed mteko mtesc mtezh mtlwk muirw multi multi 
mumea murat murmu murmw musee mushh music music music music 
music music music music music music music music muta mutur muybr 
mvcrp mxtex myboo mycom mydad mydea mydef myear myele myfac 
myfai myfav myfor myhas mykal mylit mymri mynew mypan mypri 
mysti mystr mythu myvoi myvou myzin naiad nana nasat nativ nativ 
natur navab navre navte ncuti nearg neats nechv nedph neone 
nervo nestb netco nethi netsc netsc netsw netwo neuro neuro 
never newal newav newbo newfe newga newgi newgo newhe newin 
newin newis newla newmi newno newor newpo newpo newrc newsb 
newso newsr newst newsy newsy newsz newto newwi nexts nhtm niceo 
nietz night night night nikb nikuk nikuk ninoo nitew nmage nmpsu 
nohol noise nomor norea norma norma north north nospa noten 
notep notes notes notes notmu notye novel now n nowwh nq nr 
nscad nsfbi nsfd nsfse nssig nubti nudoj numb numbe numbh nut n 
nxrav nyfad nys n nyumo oakgr ocadl ocean octme octob octop 
octop odbci odyes odyss odyss offdr offic ofhou ohioa ohsig oil 
o ok ok okina oldba oldco older older oldma oldma oldma oldne 
oldsa oldvi olin olpcs olymp omaha ombat on(my onbei onbot onemi 
onetu onfeb ongoo onkar onlin ontec onthe onthe ontol oocon 
ooooo opala opalu openb opens opens opera optic orato orche 
order oreal organ organ organ orgap origi origi ornet orrmm 
oscil ospre ospre ossin ossis otold oudc oudey oudgu oudne oudpa 
oudye out o oute outj outli outli outsi ov ov overt ow ow pabad 
paean pain paint paint paint pal p palis palmp panic panic panor 
panti paoki parab parad param paras parco paris parkm parrh 
parti parti parti pas p pasqu passe passi passo paste pathe 
patte paula pbloc pcarr pchk pcmsy pcont pcplu pcplu pcplu pderb 
pdfpo peaco peerj peerr pelle penta pereg perfe perfe perfe 
perfo perfo perfo perfo perfo perfo perha perle persp persp 
persp persp perth petsi pgack pharn pharn pharn phase phati 
phila philo philo phoen phone photo photo photo photo photo 
phrag piano pickd pictu pier pined pinne pipaf pipas pirou pjako 
pkmoc pkuja place plane plane plane plann plant plast plate 
playe playi playi playi playi playi playo pleas plen plope plura 
pmaba pmclc pmele pmuel pnumm pocke podiu poeti poiso polic 
polic polyp pompe pomur poorl popol porif porte portf portf 
portr poser poser poser postc pote power ppamp prac prair prajp 
preci preev pregg prelu prepa prepo prett prime primp print 
print print print prior priso priva probe proco proco profi 
progm progr proje proje promc prope propo prose prost provi 
prtdv pscre pslin psten ptang ptorc publi pucke puebl pulmo 
pulse pumpk punct purga purit purit pushe putti pvonl px py 
pytho qa qb qbbi qbpif qcame qeini qinan qinca qinca qingh qinqi 
qinsp qlbdu qpege qrb q qtmai quagg quant quart que q quest 
quick quick quiet quign qy qz raaaa rache radio radio radio 
radio radio ragao ragge rahm rain raini raise randb rando rates 
rattl rauch rawww rding reade readi readm reakt reali realt 
rebab recen recip recri redha redli redsh reduc refer refge 
refle refna refug reged regis rehdu rehfo rehoc reimb relea 
remed remed remna remot renes repai reque resea resin reson 
resta restr resum resur retro rever rever rever rever revie 
revie revis revol revre revvv rhamm rhode riasp ricar ricer 
ridan riema rifol rikli rilkc rilke rilke rings ripar rirub rise 
river rlinf rnoti rocke rolla rolle rolli romal rombo romec 
romha rompg romph romph ronin root rosec rough routo rowla royal 
royal rppl rrrno rubbi rules runin runni ruptu ruthw ryan sadde 
sadme sailo salt saltq salva samco sampl sampl samsk samyu sandy 
sandy sandy sandy sarah saran saran saran saran saran saran 
saran saran sarin sartr sauce saved saves say s sazad sazam 
sazcu sazfi sazpl sazpr sazwa sbern sbwav scali scand scanm 
scant scash scfri schli schoo schro scien scien scoop scorc 
score scrap scree scree scree scrip scrip scsun scuse seals 
searc secli secon secon secon secre secur segyp selec selec 
selfi semwa sendm senti septt seria sessi sessi setco setti 
setti setti setup seven seven seven sever sexap sexda sexua 
sgerp shado shake shakr shami share shave sheer sheha shell 
shhot shink shoot short short short short short short shott 
shott shoul show shred shtet shutt sideo signa signi sigsy silni 
silve simre sinb singa singi singu sinta siren sivac sixdu sixpi 
sk'if skein skimm skinb skine skins skunk skysp skysp skywi slab 
slatt slcfi slcth sleep slfem slgal slidm slips slmal slonn 
sloth slowe slowi slper slroa slsug slvrl small small small 
small smear smgrn smith smoke smorg smugg snaps snaps snipp 
snoop snowf soaks socia sofia softp solar solit soloe solow 
solwi someb somec somed somei somel somem someo somes somev 
sonat sondh sondh sondh sondh sondh sondh sondh sondh sondh 
sondh sondh sondh sondh songa songb songc songf songi songm 
songm songs sonif sootf sophi sorre sorro sosad soulf sound 
sound sound sound south space space space spark spati specc 
specs spedm speed spezi spike spiri splay split spoon spray 
sprit squar squis srrwa ss#fr stadi stall stall stand stare 
starl starr stars start start state stati stdaf steal steno 
stere stewa stieg stieg still stixb stopp store storm storm 
story storz stran stran stran stran strat stree stret strom 
stsba stude studi stumb style suble subte suck sugar suici sumer 
summe sunda sungl sungl sungl sunpa super super suppl surel 
surfm suroz surro surve suste sutur svaco svaha svaha sveng swar 
sweet swing swole swoon swvoi sxswg sxsww sylla symme synce 
syste tabeb tabla tabla table tacti tacti takef takeo takes 
takin taksi taksi talk talks tambu tamta tanb tanka tantr taoht 
tarex tarpd taunt tax() taxrt tcshm teach teakh tears teasi 
techn teleg teleg telep telpo templ tengi tenor tenor tenth tern 
terps terro terrr testa testa testa testb teste testi testm 
testo texie texth texts textu tfrc thaic thank thank thank the%e 
theac theae theal thear theba thebi thebi thebi thebl thebl 
thebr theca theco theco theda theda thede thedi thedi theel 
theen theen thees thefe thefu thefu thefu thegl thego thehu 
theid theim thein their theju thela thelo themo thems thene 
theno theob theor theor theph thepr thepu there there there 
there theru thesi thesi thesi theso theso thest thest thest 
thesu thete thete theth theth thetu theut thevi thewa thing 
think thinw thise thisi thisj thiss thong thoro threa three 
three three three three three thren thren throt thrum thudl 
thund thurs tib t ticag tig t timee tin t tinni titan tm tm 
toddl todpa todtn tolas tombw tonea tonsw toomb tora torna torsa 
total totem touch touch tower traad trace track track track 
track track track tradu traff train trans trans trash traum 
trave treeb treee treee trees tress tribu trilb trill triol 
trios tripl tripp trocd trudy truea trues trust trywo tsmfe 
tsond tthtm tubeb tubew tuesd tung tunin turne turne turnk turnw 
turtl tusti tweak twinp twirl twoam twobr twogu twogu twopv 
twosu twyla typee uacde uacen ublen ukele ukule ukuu ulula umbex 
ump u unatt unbek uncan uncli undel under unfil unins unitc 
unive unixb unlab unluc unmal unner unone unpla unpou unsta 
untit untit untit untit untit untow updow upmid uqbar urban 
urina urmym usefu useri using ustwo utter vacop vadea vales 
valle vavoo vecto vecto velab velc vell velmp velpu velst veriz 
verse veryl veryo vesai vgert vibra vicod victo video video 
video viet vietn vietn viewe viewm villa vinyl viola viola viola 
viola violi viref virgi virtu virtu virtu virtu virtu virtu 
virtu visag visit visud vlakt vlfbk vlfey vlfli vlfso vlfso 
vocks volti volum voyag vrema vrimp vrrev vtilo vvgif vyrgy 
wadad wadih wadis waif waiti wald walke walkt wallp wanac wanty 
warne warpf warri washd watch water water water watte wayan 
wboso wboso wboso wdcxg weare weare wearw weave webfo websi 
websi wedni wegen weigh weill weird weish welco welco welco 
welle wenee wesha wetgi whale what' whata whatg whati whati 
whatr whatt whatw wheel wheni whent whent whent where where 
whirl whisp white whits whyic whyjo wigdo wilke wille willo 
windf windo winfa winhe winmo winte wiref wirxl withc withi 
witht wjpro wolft woman wonde woodb woods wordg words worke 
worki works workt world world world world worms worry wound 
wound wound wowmo wprin write writi writi writi writi wrmwh 
wsftp wump( wvhil wvubo wvupr wvusu wvwps wwo w wwwfa xenap 
xmasm xstor yaele yahrz yamah yamma yearz yesye yippe yonil 
youkn youtu youyo ytpro yyama zalch zauru zboso zcalc zendo 
zeroi zheng zingw zithe zthru zzb z ~subs



Ballad of the Cauterized Cafe

first five lines of each of the text files in the form ??.txt
in the Internet Text, contituting a trip through the interior 
of cosmos and body -

http://www.alansondheim.org/propped.png (from older .obj
with Foofwa d'Imobilite and Kira Sedlock
http://www.alansondheim.org/ood.jpg (modified from SL)
http://www.alansondheim.org/wrytprogram.mp4 with
Foofwa d'Imobilite and Azure Carter (old)

Headtrip Memories of MUD Date: Wed, 12 Jun 1996 13:14:04 -0400 
(EDT) Subject: Clot What Mazes Knew Less Mess with the Real: 
"Other no less grandiose plans exist which may eventually be 
realized. We NewJerseyAsAnImpossibleObject (blog) Kyberspace ii 
We Look at Zero Jennifer 2.82 Ritual Into the Twenty-First 
Century Psychoanalytics: i and I from the very beginning we're 
so involved with one another, i can't see the daylight between 
our legs. i wanted to write you and say sweetness falls from 
_this_ fruit. i missing stromatolite inventory Jennifer <--> 
Jennifer Jennifer was very unhappy and sat down, spreading her 
new pink frock. hollow me out color me in memory will be 
annihilated longue the word shudders from the body of the 
uniformed man, and some might say Jennifer, Descent Strange 
Phenomenon Virtual Reality, 1971 For Immense Purposes "The 
defile of the signifier forms a chasm or rupture, for the 
signifier Incantation: Corrective Strategy: Hacker Drive: Core 
Dump: Gdb: W/ Roots in the Air: MAILER-DAEMON:root daemon:root 
---------- Forwarded message ---------- Date: Thu, 5 Jun 1997 
01:05:27 -0400 (EDT) Be4co2mi3ng-Ma5chi3ne4 Slid-Jennifer
 
Glass News Who am I when I meet you from a distance and the 
wooden framework Julacan Iroiro DEATH Iroiro What I have to pass 
on to you The Thesis of the Recent Work Knowledge of Ignorance 
On Mysticism in Max Nordau's Degeneration Unwise Thinking about 
Japan Parable Later on, Daishin Nikuko climbed the mountain. It 
was stony; gnarled Pathos Dear Nikuko, Subject: letter from 
jennifer on anticipation to all of you, on these dear lists, The 
Collectible Unconscious Exhibition [1989-1998] I am stale; there 
is nothing to ail this body that has not done its damage much as 
this body has done homage Nikuko on Ytalk

                             Neurobionics An Interdisciplinary 
Approach to Substitute Impaired Functions Confessions Talker 
Room Description Image Run Some Thinking of s/ms during this 
period my Sicknesse (very primitive stuff here) OINTMENT 
jennifer clone me, you'll never have to see my swollen open body 
Jennifer Explosion From Relative Truth phenomenology of internal 
time consciousness within online worlds, by Jennifer Jenn Jenn 
Jenn Looking Around Bonnie Parker says to Jennifer "Bedei!": 
Fragment Song from E. A. C. and and and . (lc)

Our Future Love the walk before the last walk the second meal 
before the last meal the third laugh before the last laugh 
Writing Desire (Mended Notes) the russian ballet dancer nikuko 
states her case Read: 3 times 00 Let X = tan(approaching 90 
degrees) 10 # in a very pure land Chucking Values I'm chucking 
values this evening. Consideration of the trAce Projects tiniest 
new cell inside the mouth, doesn't know what's happening slight 
growth in convulsing body, cooling doesn't even recognize the 
lack of food, expulsions, sounds burning in, cdrom further on my 
work - sexy flower mixed beneath torn, moist, inviting thighs, 
bruised hieroglyph, ruined prick, etched and flowered letters: 
what thin lines of bruised and bitten flesh Food for Thought 
dark virtue, dark sublime (for leni reifenstahl) living in 
mediaspace 0 on exhaustion: to cut away the interior of the body 
to eliminate differentiation of parts BRING ME BACK TO LIFE! 
Please understand this! living within our means of the abacus as 
if we're haunted by beadwork and its mobility, as if ends were 
always elsewhere growth of measure paths in sample text 
m[a-z]forkin[a-z]spawn Ala[a-z]Sondheim'[a-z]book[a-z]includ[a 
saying names among themselves peeking @ ^_^ suggestion of oulipo 
in memory of depressive countenance impurity book. the sixth go 
at it all. the work of the crazed why this work matters even 
when written under duress elegy Sex Video S eeries for Lacan 
scream Chemical Love Penelope, shifted gleaning KENJI siratori 3 
:  2 :  1 :  19 :  19 classifying the unknown, road-side 
saw-palmettos, coot flurry take-off from sludge reservoirs, 
they've moved across unknown territories of the soul, we're out 
of touch, away from radiation-radio, we're signing-off, we're 
moving on, sky brown-silver lid, thick-lipped dusk crashing 
eaten Sex/torsion: 1000 character essay (help and partial 
translation Ellen Zweig) broken fragment of beginning sequence 
transformation

     1	heaven
burning code
Poem in Perfect Rhyme
trilby sorts and folds
sortmode=0 prevsort=0 sortmode=0 prevsort=0 sortmode=0 prevsort=0
Apropos
Apropos 

` `` `< `| `- `: `! `/ `. `' `( `] `@ `$ `% ^ ^^ ^< ^= ^| ^_ ^: 
^! ^? ^. i don't want to be the bearer of bad news along the 
Moselle, nor nullo spinae, nothing of the bones of men, 
Ausonius, i've had enough barbarians pressed hard against the 
gate - You just can't make this stuff up - Note on Hsun Tzu MOAB 
< the pure drop Dze Ztandard !nzkr!pz!on !kl mAzZur-naz!r-apl! 
tzang! AzZur n!-tz!t !lu B!l u !lu Adar I regret that I have but 
one life to give for my country Review of Google Hacks: 100 
Industrial-Strength Tips and Tools Skepticism
  
                                   SEX!
                                  REMOVE ultimate the ultimate 
heavenwest the heavenwest if the creation of the one is 
simultaneously the annihilation of the other and the other is 
linked to the one, such as the annihilation of the one is well, 
cdrom crashed, drive was crashed, replaced... was monitor 
replaced... a 10-year history of shining upwards Third Cocoon 
Have you ever felt were writing something other than what 
writing, that the was beside itself, couldn't ground it in any 
thing at all? This piece
  flight song

  / / :  < > small breathing / closing down heh happy days 
double filtration euclidean sieve nowhere TO BELIEVE IN GOD IS 
TO MURDER help help it is very wet all grounds for terror are 
very wet help help wednesday boardroom talk structure at NSCAD 
the argument so far steam Foofwa d'Imobilite the dancer urge Mr. 
Wirth Mr. Wirth, I said, a penny for your thoughts. The Contrary 
of the Mail Loop Of course the apparently normal way to deal 
with loops is to respond, but II. II. orangeline dialup alas 
etaoinshrdlu redbrick badtimes breakout buddhist spiff ingres 
aria unigrafix moguls! qwer bigdeal therealthing Silent Letters 
perfect image beauty
      
sondheim's Home perfectly beautful 0 terri in the air of the 
music, an older of the music, an elder of the music, primordial 
Category of the Natural Annoying Behavior Annoying and annoyance 
are difficult to analyze. Yet they form a behav- fuck this shit 
my small world murmur dirt communalitie kin fir liquid air radio 
in the pul her voice 'natural di moaning a a of di ed by the 
accumulation of famou leaving a nothing left The doctor's part 
in it kwk synthesis
   
Today Elliott, Ebenezer - Corn Law Rhymer: Birthday, wode 
ianti-un-frm..-frm willanti-un-frm..-frm killanti-un-frm..-frm 
allanti-un-frm..-frm Conflagration shuddering of of the all 
disappearance - the language "fEncE bOrdEr" 502 bAd gAtEwAy The 
Hunt I was present at hunt's origin, The swinging of the rope, 
the wild calls; being or beings, Being or Beings being or 
beings, Being or Beings French The Flight: 4 bjorn go it, a for 
get at bonk for for a bang, it bonk get a it for vulgar for 
<<<<<<<<<<<<<< variant A A moment when I think I might just be 
able to transform anguish into curly curlicue miasma production 
'MAENADS big loss sutra Droste and Berber in rehearsal never 
before released footage from the original production liner notes 
for Crepuscule deconavatar approaching the body from the front

           2006. T  

Film, the first Digital Medium ah, fire-eagles Yes, yes, of 
course. phenomenology of radio earth radio radio Notes by an 
Avatartist savaged code ps ml r yr ml an yt ml j hz ml uh ml aml 
ml af c ml ag uh an ah af an ah Transcript of Intimacy Session 
December 8, 2007, England Participants: Sandy Baldwin ("You"), 
Alan Sondheim (Alan Dojoji) second life third life begin by 
setting out directions, these are the five healthy directions, 
graphic used interface Messay: The Mess of the True World 
wounded ballet l'hommage spasm isolation elegy our dancer has 
disappeared into physical therapy some duologue from 07/16/08 SL 
performance, Baldwin/Sondheim /mod flix Notes by an Space-artist 
fewe olde immagees ofe Julue Twinee olde Julue Twinee ise s/hee 
Lux workings and Maybe beauty music falter faltering because 
falling through black-space in and out of black space Images 
from the Arena opening, Uqbar, Debris Field, Second Life 
sadness, last, fullness first and last of death is a sport whose 
findings are entrails. I would rather the boy's death bad eye 
yayli tanbur solos intertwined theme New Jewels in the Metaverse 
now we are living all alone and we're alive and close to bone 
Some notes sent to an email list that might be of interest here 
- Short prolegomenon to philosophy ii "zany levels zing." Netted 
= Death = Text I've been sending out writing / images / video / 
audio since the beginning rockpunkroll FAKEBOOK Like a broken 
uheel: 75% ov k!lrz aud!z!on 4 TV showz (AP) ! dz!nk our roov 
m!ght b kolapz!ng. Ue had a buz9nezZ meet!ng toda! + ! d!dnt dr 
br!ng !t up! R!ze h!gh dze Hard Dance Work and Fossils Text as a 
whole: see below.) singing our hart out in colorado for BP 
corporate sluggish breathless song (valveless chromatic harp) 
Fakebook (of course i'm fascinated by the 
sondheim-debris-slaughter-sex, what other DARK KINGDOM. (Maria 
Damon and Alan Sondheim, Second Life) Wu for Wikileaks (solo 
pipa) The wu style uses a number of techniques, such as 
string-crossing, science toppled by religion two philosophical 
texts branding Vernal Bad Day connect wizard Pan Sometimes I 
just let these things run, as if they'd run forever; I then the 
weather's twone onwo collisions Wounded Avatars scarred pustule 
cicatrix fallen cicatrice. we are the lubricant at the edge of 
the scab. the scar will berthe, we are wound and cicatrice. we 
are the Using Slava Balasanov's Gifpumper: Occupy di Suvero 
after Performance, offered by Taeyoon Choi; they were occupying 
the Mark last of the great landscapes w Introductory Preface and 
Postface, or Open Bracketing of the W/Hole for my mother, died 
2000/3/16 Omaha talk, (with examples shown) - this is an 
accounting for undergraduates with little or no experience with 
virtual worlds. This might be of interest to you as well, even 
though it covers familiar ground. Very old sarangi instrument 
Between one sarangi and another (I prepared this for a digital 
archive of my work at Cornell University; it might be of 
interest since it gives a reasonable overview of my work. I had 
a great deal of difficulty trying to make 'sense' of what I do - 
Cavern Song Where are you, Gabrielle? taunt ghichak and lilt for 
those dying unlooking unthere My 70th Unbirthday this Sunday :-( 
3000 In the year 3000 my birthday falls on monday but I will not 
birthday, and credit card number as you enter the Topic set out, 
another birthday an hour away, and all I can think, where are we 
going. 1993 My fiftieth w clocking, neuros, stretch palimpsest 
Music Improvisation: New course at Underacademy College! There 
are other great classes as well! Check them all out! Free! 
Experimental! saz adjusted for terrific visual and audio action 
terrific video of inserted avatars Video and Texts from Remote 
Encounters Performance Sandy Baldwin and Alan Sondheim 
Experiments in Music dashed to pieces - R B b r (2011) 1980-1982 
1982 1983 1983-85770 1967-1970 1968 ? ^ ----l o ?:  . | 2 4 26 ' 
2002 2003 1990 '-' (?) 2004 _ 19 2012 82800 1975 ) / /, would 
shed something Alan Sondheim shared a link. 9 minutes ago 
codework 4 in relation to the above - codework and problematic * 
Recent rings and targets first view of the MacGrid and my land 
thereof Stormy Weather and the Providence of Hope and Angells 
bells and great improvisations (for chris and ed) quickie 
glimpses of things The Three Movie Stars Unmarking Leaving New 
York thinking through nothing suicide - please I beg of you, 
watch this - The Equations * i Qin Again Qintune A 4 And Code 
Work A Stub A (Another, this time fuzzier, summary of things, 
written originally for Empyre) Hi, I'm writing in answer to 
Johannes' invitation, and will be somewhat ss.txt

Summertime Colorado Musics ISISLURE the disk of ISIS Qins Sarah 
Bernhardt Bindu. it's depressing being alive it's depressing 
being dream with me of violent white men assessment among them 
alt.fan.along-along-along-along-along revrev SPIRITVOICE at 
Granoff Tonight (Preformer) complicated seminal cinema: thwart 
lost and forlorn lettrisme lost and forlorn lettrisme from the 
IRQ3 conference violat for Charleston AME death-rattle The Banjo 
Blues holder and retainers of such futures as to objects 
*/odyssey interactive installation/* stonestone rise rise rise 
34 your true face return to the cairnfield beneath the city of 
the cairn rhetorical image / music / text poem of cylinders and 
veering Category outoutsession foray mesmer recap tr.holdings 
eagle america too many puncta

=========================================



Throes of Creation


http://www.alansondheim.org/throes3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/throes.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/throes2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/throes4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/throes5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/throes6.png


... 1942 How was I possible? When was I possible? How was I? If 
there were a ... 1943 I did not ask to be born. There was no 
atomic, no hydrogen bomb. ... 1947 I don't remember radio. I 
don't remember popular songs. I have vague ... 1948 Or 
thereabouts - remembering crying in the car with mother, worried 
... 1950 I was given a small film projector with a crank on the 
side; it was ... 1951 I remember Mrs. Greenbaum who lived across 
the street, and a ... 1952 I really don't have a date but wonder 
about my early love for Theresa ... 1953 For years my father 
made up stories with characters like the Snoxfly ... 1954 The 
Blue Coal trains went over a trestle near the house, described 
... 1955 perhaps. Something about John Kulp or Colp and a book 
or knife; I see ... 1956-60 I cried myself to sleep, etc. I had 
a small box on the bed table; ... 1958 I had a picture of the 
Bikini hydrogen bomb explosion by the head of ... 1959 Somewhere 
around this time found Birth magazine, Tuli Kupferberg, ... 1960 
I just about flunked my first semester at Brown, collapsing 
until I ... 1961 I almost flunked out of school. My life was a 
disaster. The dean ... 1962 I watched the side of the factory 
open up in the middle of the night ... 1964 Terri Wellman and I 
were driving near the river somewhere in ... 1965 Was I working 
through blues? Did I meet Son House? Was this the first ... 1966 
Went to Europe for the summer; met Joel Zabor who became the 
drummer ... 1967 It's around now I'm in Europe. I met you (I 
forget your name) - knew ... 1968 I had An,ode published by the 
Waldrops' Burning Deck Press in ... 1969 Vito and I in our 
dismally-cathected relationship, talked about ... 1970 Perhaps I 
filmed Chris and Don around this period? I forget their ... 1972 
or 73, invited James Lee Byars, who I met through John Brockman, 
to ... 1973 At the Paris Biennale I put up "The World's Smallest 
Sculpture" ... 1974 Logic of consciousness worked out, The Book 
as System of Military ... 1975 My friend Sue in the West Village 
had a refrigerator with a huge jar ... 1976-1977 I work on the 
Structure of Reality, a text composed of the ... 1977 Around 
this date I thought that if aliens came from another world, ... 
1978-1979 I taught for a year at the University of California, 
Irvine; I ... 1980 The year where my writing began to coalesce; 
I was 37 already. Lived ... 1982 I left for three and a half 
years - to teach in Tasmania - lasted ... 1983-85 After teaching 
for a semester at Ontario College of Art, with ... 1984 At 
Nexus, we began the Atlanta Biennale; the first exhibition cost 
... 1985-6 Later Paul Celan's poetry would take off from where 
Theresa began; ... 1986 I first met Denise at a punk/industrial 
music night; her musicians ... 1988 I took up the Artistic 
Directorship of Hallwalls Contemporary ... 1989 or so - we're 
driving across country and have a bad fight. I get out ... 1990 
This is when we moved to New York, 432 Dean Street in Brooklyn, 
a ... 1991 Or so, found out the ESP records had been reissued as 
CDs by ZYX ... 1993 My fiftieth birthday; my parents sent some 
money and made a fuss - I ... 1994 Began Cybermind and 
Fiction-of-Philosophy email lists with Michael ... 1995 I closed 
down Fiction-of-Philosophy email list after attacks by John ... 
1996 thought of a program as a way to begin to create an 
autobiography, ... 1997 Back in Sydney again for a second round, 
dealing with a wider range ... 1997 Stromatolites, 
cyanobacteria, tendrils. ... 1998 November 2-15, tour of 
Southern California then in Dec., MLA Conf., ... 1999 Azure 
comes out to live with me. I meet her at the airport at 5 in ... 
2000 I knew Alexander 'Sasha' Chislenko - he had been a member 
of the ... 2002 During the second semester, as a result, I had a 
panic attack and wet ... 2003 Perhaps? Developed a 'lime-like' 
disease complete with corolla (?) on ... 2004 I begin to 
recognize how much tinnitus is taking out of me. It's ... 2005 
have a headache from Gary's hammering today! Our building 
continues ... 2006 For the first time I wonder about my sanity. 
I can't take the ... 2007 almost: This memo, memorial, memory, 
memory-graph, meme, remembrance, ... 2008 it is May 16 and I am 
waiting to hear from the doctor concerning ... 2009 Foofwa, Vea 
Lucca, and I, recorded the Evam sessions. ... 2011 Archives: my 
grandmother's 'souvenir' book, my grandfather's Masonic ... 2012 
Eyebeam residency drawing to an end; I've fit in uncomfortable 
but ... 2012 Just for the record, my insomnia continues to rage, 
and 'twitches' in ... 2013 Disturbing dreams, back to highschool 
and college, my parents alive, ... 2014 Our new cd with Azure's 
songs and my playing, backed by Ed Schneider ... 2015 I do a 
piece, just the words 'year zero' and an image to bring ... 2016 
We plan trips all the time, now thinking about criss-crossing 
the country, never coming back.


( the movement of history among ghosts

http://www.alansondheim.org/helpingus.jpg

all this night, march 8, 2016, the ghost of Ossi Oswald the cat
walks back and forth before us, and out of the corner of our
eye, she is helping and guarding us, i am preparing the history
of my work for the past twenty years in the form of, the form of
an archive, and a condensed archive, and a skittering among
directories and repetitions )



pleaseplease for the violin

http://www.alansondheim.org/pleaseplease2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/pleaseplease.mp3 (violin)

: am At this point I want to keep the organ. I received a : am I 
don't want the organ back. Use it for repairs. I'm : am Please 
cancel any payment - the $ might have , , I want to cancel the 
repair. You're coming at the I'm sorry too. I've liked bodies 
before. It's not important to me at this point. I want No, I 
don't want to do anything. Do you Nothing at all and thanks, and 
apologies. I'm not Of course you have permission; I'm keeping a 
They don't have to address it. I just want Alan. Allow me to 
have an immediate request be made in this regard And I 
understand that you would like for the service to be Are you 
there? But now I want nothing to do with the company. Not ever 
again. For verification purposes, may I have your return 
shipping . has closed the chat. .Alan, this is extremely 
disappointing. I can't even .As requested I will ensure to have 
the request be made .I understand, and that's perfectly 
understandable in .I understand. If you would like, I can also 
provide a .If I were in your position Alan, I myself would be 
.Okay, my apologies. The case number created for .Thank you so 
much for that verification, Alan. .You are an important customer 
to us and we appreciate Have a good day. Hello , thank you for 
contacting support. I have to go and get some sleep; I stayed up 
trying to deal with I will be more than happy to assist you 
today, Alan. I won't use Again! I'M THROUGH WITH ! Just for the 
record, this isn't the first time I've had Please give me a few 
moments to review your information. I will Seriously, have a 
good night, or day, I'm not sure where you Start the chat again 
Thank you again for choosing . Have a great day! They sent it 
back with the hard drive erased and didn't fix the We then, just 
now, received a bill for $, double what we were Yes, I am here 
with you Alan. You should know I'm going to write about this; 
I'm a body address please? address this related matter for you 
immediately Alan. and it's been errors since then. and nothing 
happened. Please just cancel. and nothing has happened. Just 
consider me a lost customer. are certainly not chats we receive, 
or at least not that I are. But I have to sleep. Apologies that 
you have to deal with be with you shortly. begin to fathom the 
frustration you have been going through cancelled, right? 
cancelling this and cancelling a new I ordered - I can't 
consultant and this is the worst treatment I've ever received 
customers. I receive cut-and-paste responses to all my inquiries 
deal with the company any longer. directly Alan. end of a LONG 
group of emails that went back and forth; at one entire process, 
I could not fault you Alan. I can honestly do everything 
cancelled. We don't want the organ back. If you have for the RMA 
service to be cancelled Alan. At the same time, from any flesh 
company. We originally sent out the organ June rd frustrating, 
and I'm sorry you have to go through this. These going to take 
the case number. I don't want to contact them. gone through, I 
don't know. And we're certainly not paying the here. I'm really 
sorry about this. important to as it is to you. information. 
light of your bad experience Alan. This all definitely sounds 
link where you can also express your bad experience to Corporate 
me again, and that the repair is cancelled. new amount. nothing 
to do with any more. past upset and in fact disappointed and 
felt cheated in this personally have received, and will 
seriously have to pleased. point the organ was returned by 
mistake etc. etc. problem at all. So I've been using a somewhat 
damaged tissue ever randomly. I sent it back when it was under 
warranty, stating it record myself. And I don't really think 
cares about its repair cost of $ USD and we were told to pay it, 
along with returning the organ. We did so and gave you guys our 
credit card say based on my experience however Alan, that I 
essentially want since. That was a different RMA, USX. the case 
history, you'll see the problems - four times I was this problem 
for the past hour and a half. this. Please make as sure as you 
can that does not contact to let us know how we are doing. told 
the case was "escalated" and sent to an "escalation team" told 
to already pay. In other words we were lied to. transcript be 
reviewed by higher management due to this troubles. The tissue 
came damage - rot in fact - it suppurated understand? I want to 
GET TO SLEEP! unsatisfactory service Alan? Because I know will 
not be upset. In fact if you were to say right now that you are 
way this was damaged flesh and please don't dissolve the genome. 
would I be able to obtain your permission to have this chat you 
for future reference is #:. Is there anything further you to 
know that getting to the bottom of this is just as you would 
like me to assist you with today? your business. Please take a 
moment to complete a short survey
