
Marking

http://www.alansondheim.org/marking1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/marking.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/marking2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/marking3.png

Mountain View, cross cut on coping of Morris Canal aqueduct 
crossing Pompton River

McNalls Corners, chisel mark on doorstep of house on northwest 
corner of road crossing

Fertile, Bench Mark on doorsill of Mr. Higginbotham's house

Newark, copper bolt in foundation of L.V. R.R. stocking bins

Evansville, projection on doorsill of building, Main and Water 
streets

Hawthorne, copper bolt in chimney of small house owned by W. T. 
Broswell, east of station

Elkland, spike in timber culvert north of tannery switch

Columbus, chisel mark on curb west of insane asylum, near large 
elm

Sheds Corners, nail in pile at east end of north abutment of 
iron bridge near church

Hopewell, doorsill of ladies' waiting room

Unionville, Bench Mark in Constance's yard

Cedar Fork, nail in root of oak tree west of post-office

Marquette, cross cut on window sill of water-works building

North Bellevue, copper bolt in tile underground, north of creek 
which is crossed by railroad bridge 48K

Dubuque, square cut on step to Jess's store, First and Main 
Street

Vernon, nail in root of red oak opposite fork of roads

Warners Ranch, San Diego County, nail in butt of willow tree 
southwest of Adobe Cabin corral

Buena Vista, Mendocino County, spike in telegraph pole opposite 
station

Swearengin, Bench Mark on stone chimney of Mr. W. B. Huggins's 
residence

Chalk Hill, highest point on stone in front of grocery

Bailey, copper bolt in 16 end of box culvert

Oliver, Bench Mark on doorsill of double brick store south of 
station

Greenfield, brass bolt in front wall of Darling & Jones's 
storehouse

Milan, Bench Mark on limestone block in front yard of Doctor 
Gordon's house

Egg Bend Landing, wire nail in chimney of dwelling south of 
Ryland & Didier's store

Wagram, nail in root of sycamore tree at intersection of Bay 
Side and Massey roads

Stampede Tunnel, east end; top of rail at end of snowshed

Mountain Lake, Garrett County, Bench Mark on west abutment of 
railroad bridge over Little Youghiogheny River, 3 miles east of 
Oakland

Cedar Keys, cross cut on north pier of Transit of Venus Station

Cedar Keys, iron rod driven in sand at corner of carpenter's 
shop on D street

Labran, 0 station

Toros Indian Village, iron post at 1 of Indio road with road 
east and west

Mayfield, hitching post at Mayfield Hotel

Middletown, San Diego County, spike in telegraph pole at summit 
of motor track between Palm and Quince streets

Phoenix, copper bolt in upper quoin, Lock No. 1, Oswego Canal

Carthage, brass bolt in water table at base of tower of 
Christian Church

Upton, chisel mark on horse block at Dr. Noble's office

Waterside, chisel mark on foundation of Waterside woolen factory

Shellmound, monument west of station and east of Mr. Hammond's 
store

Gilbert, Bench Mark on rock on east side of road near top of 
hill above Stafford's store

Duo, Bench Mark on bottom step of front porch of house

Duo, plug in rock 1/2 mile northwest



First Symphony continued, second and third parts

http://www.alansondheim.org/smallhouses.jpg
2nd part: guzheng "little houses"
http://www.alansondheim.org/symphony2.mp3
3rd part: guqin "houses in forest"
http://www.alansondheim.org/symphony3.mp3

houses in forest short little houses symphony little houses 
symphony exhaltation reconstruction second houses in forest 
little houses symphony this symphony of doubles will play for 
you . symphony anchor houses in forest returns ok building 
reverse bit abstraction little houses symphony exhaltation 
reconstruction second houses in forest little houses symphony 
this symphony of doubles will play for you . symphony anchor 
houses in forest returns ok building reverse bit abstraction 
nine minute symphony, fourteen minute symphone, solo guzheng, 
solo guqin



Vector of Texts

http://www.alansondheim.org/vectext.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/vectext.mp4

to apply, add http://www.alansondheim.org/ in front and
.txt in back. not all of these are up at the site, but a 
good many are; some are in subdirectories; some are gone.
where there are repetitions, they're numbered at the site.

README Internet ADbiblio AandDofit Blood EXE_README Fantasm 
MIAMI NYU NYU NYU NYU NYU NYU Past Uncanny Weather a aaindices 
abacus ad adbaldwin adchapter adessay adnew adsample advert age 
ah alwaysalready am an ap aphoristicADessay apt archiveindex 
ashagame asondheimorg avat avatar avatheory b ba baghdad bb 
bctrip bio biobreak biog biogold blank blankhz blb bluelion book 
bookreviews brick brokenworld bu bunker c cancer case 
caseofthereal cauterize cc chapter chaptera char chat cheat 
chicago clark collapse convulsion current cyberconf d 
dancebadiou dancedesc dancedesign danish dd defuge defuguefugue 
derail directory dirty dlsalt dnac drive dvdindex e 
earlyselection echo ee emanent emanent enclave englishresume 
epoetry equations equationselim esparch essay examples exe 
eyearchive f ff filenames film filtering flying foo foofarch 
foofwa footnote fop fortda foundational fourth g gatza gg gindex 
god h hastac heaven hh httpindex i iI ii ill illeter imageindex 
improv index inet insoluble intimacy intimacy_chat invis isis 
italianinterview j jew jj jk jl jm jn jo jp jq jr js jt ju jv jw 
jx jy k k ka kb kc kd ke keyword kf kg kh ki kj kk kl km kn ko 
kon kp kq kr ks kt ku kv kw kx ky kz l la laptop lb lc ld le leo 
lf lg lh li limitrevisited lj lk ll lm ln lo longest_day lost lp 
lq lr ls lt lu lv lw lx ly lz m ma mailarchive maildeath mb mc 
md me med meshworks messay mf mg mh mi millen missive mj mk ml 
mm mn mo model morenotes mov movie mp mq mr ms mswd mt mu music 
musictextmashup mv mw mx my mylittlezz mz n na nature nb nc nd 
ne neh net net net net net net net net net net net net net net 
net newarch newarchfull newjew nf ng nh ni nj nk nl nm nn no 
nothing nowproposal np nq nr ns nsf nsfconf nsffinal nt nu nv nw 
nx ny nz o oa ob oc od odyperform oe of og oh ohioarchive oi oj 
ok ol oldaba om on online oo op oq or order os ot ou ourfuture 
outline outlinerevised ov ow ox oy oz p pa pain panamar para 
parable paris pb pc pd pe pf pg ph ph phen philetc philosophy pi 
pieces pj pk pl play playofplays pm pn po postmode pp pq pr 
precis project prolegomenon prosepoetry prospect ps pt pu pv pw 
px py pz q qa qb qc qd qe qf qg qh qi qj qk ql qm qn qo qp qq qr 
qs qt qu qv qw qx qy qz r ra radiothediscrete radiotheworld rb 
rc rd re ref remote remoteenc remotes resmusic resume rf rg rh 
ri rj rk rl rm rn ro rp rq rr rs rt ru rv rw rx ry rz s sa salt 
sandychat say sb sc script sd se sed self sexualpoem sf sg sh 
shortbio shortganick si signalintermingling simul sj sk sl slELO 
slc sliderule slper slsaemail slsay slscript sltheory sm smell 
sn so someblog sondheim sophia sp spray sq sr ss st sta status 
stelarc su sum summary supercon surge sv sva sw sx sy sz t ta 
talker tb tc td te tf tg th theory third ti tj tk tl tm tn to 
tongue totalchoice tp tq tr trace track track treefile treepath 
true ts tsunami tt tu tv tw tx ty tz u ua ub uc ud umn umove 
velindex velpress vic videofilmessays vir war webindex 
whatiscodework wilson writing wvu wvuperform wvusession wvuskin 
wvusummary wvutalk

1254942 7613608 49759951 total



the worst sort of model the best sort of aesthetics

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0191.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/topquark1.mp3 the evidence ii (qin)
http://www.alansondheim.org/topquark2.mp3 the solution ii (qin+)
http://www.alansondheim.org/topquarkb.mp3 the evidence (qin)
http://www.alansondheim.org/topquarka.mp3 the search (qin+)

#cosmos, occurs above the quarks a that, for example, the of the 
kab "W bosons can decay to a lepton an ## #cosmos, occurs above 
the quark /[y]+/ ( "boiling 1; from print qu 1; from print 
quarks more\!" /[y]+ 3 number of quark colours, NsubC = 4. No 
explanation why quarks and l of weak- I bet all the neutrinos r 
quarks hee hee! Martin, Squires). quark particle model and its 
Now t states - there's relationship. Pos molecule, the buzz of 
displaced ch quark states of course - there's a about the quark 
particle model and different layers (quark, nucleon, really a 
quark gluon model at all, and and rearticulation quark and tand 
quark facing gluon those l ins an up-type quark and a No 
explanatatomic, quark, doings of mind, thi atoms, quarks, 
fn(2,2)=4 matrix en avatar quark gluon model avatarquarkgluon 
modelh experiences granted.measurements h from quarks strings 
dark matters o strings dark matters soul emptied blades and 
surface thicknesses, mo centigrade facing gluon quark divi 
chacteristics of different layers atom, mole demolishing fractal 
wit molecules passed diegetic, blade a molecular, atomic, quark, 
different layers - quark, nucleon, down-type quark. The decay 
width o quark.antiquark pair drowned quark the primes early 
universe. on sing gluon, quark etc. - the existence the 
existence of the exchange valu the recollect. inductor 
ferromagne of i metals, i atoms, i quarks, fe origin i of i 
metals, i atoms, i q force on the level of quarks and g from 
print more\!" quarks from pri more\!" "boiling 1; more\!" from 
print more\!" quarks more\!"  from print more\!" quarks more\!"  
from quarks untethering and look i gluon or the quark you see 
the sca gluon, played instrument gluon, gl gluons vis the 
senses), to mathema guitar') punctum punning qbasic qu 
hadronization of a quark or gluon ion has no hairs, and shaved 
we we played gluon, quark head with burn head with burned watery 
images qua in played quark double-stop gluon, double-stop in in 
punctum punning icinquepunctumpunctumpunc- in the qin quark rasa 
realspace and into strings from quarks untethering an quarks 
gluons forms when proton in we double-stop in into matters, 
layers (quark, nucleon, nucleus, a look inside of ourselves, 
formed f losses quark divisibilities and qu inscriptive masses 
of the quarks a to 26 if neutrinos matter, strings spins, all 
these things tearing ma strings from quarks no untethering 
gluons; they're tightly bound. fac you. either are their quarks 
or gl /[y]+/ ( "boiling 1; from print qu "boiling 1; more\!" 
from print mor more\!" from print more\!" quarks motioning the 
primes,an punctum motioning the primes,an punctum pu no 
explanation why quarks and lept weakness. number of quark 
colours, t f i u l s the last gl r r uon re and objects quarks 
waves fuzzy top far beyond ascii objects, quarks, naught. of 
rushed quark particles, sky-cloud-cloud-chart beauty of th 
Jean-Paul the crayfish. I would ar of course - there's a 
relationship of i metals, i atoms, i quarks, gl of the quark, 
the swimmerets of Je on the level of quarks and gluons operating 
the properties of the or particle model and its Now the rec 
passed demolishing fractal with ce played quark double-stop 
gluon, qu double-stop and played gluon, quark etc. - the exi 
poor quarks, drowned family empath power of all the quarks hee 
hee!  punctum punning qbasic qin quark Q punctum punning qbasic 
quark quick punctum punning qin quark rasa rea quark and the 
last prot 4r r s eca watery images quark? Higgs boson? 
Inscription and naming?  quarks, and virtual particles, all 
quarks gluons; they're tightly bou quarks in the existence of 
quarks,quarks strings dark matters of the quark rasa quark in we 
double-stop and poor q quark particles, neutrinos enterin really 
a quark gluon model at all, recently quintuplet quark states t 
the quintuplet quark states of cou ron and electron, quark and 
molecu charges, elec- r r uon releases the last q r r qu sheets. 
the strong force on the le question single-string gluon, play 
quark quark i quark spread across the world, universal states 
there's relationship. recen strings, quarks with problematic s 
such as quarks, cannot exist in fr fragment into surface 
thicknesses, molecular, at that, for example, the structure o 
theory, think that, for example, the structure o the electron's 
-e is equal and opp the existence of quarks, virtual p the 
strong force on the level of q understood. there's relationship. 
Positron and the K-meson? Inscription and namin the buzz of 
displaced charges, Rec the demolishes fractal with certai the 
quarks and W bosons can decay the quark particle model and its a 
the same atoms, quarks, transparen the world, a universe avatar 
quark this shatters, is down-type quark. to a quark.antiquark 
pair drowned transparencies, quark facing gluon centigrade 
facing gluon quark divi virtual particles. I within exchan vis 
the senses), to mathematical o particles. I watery quarks in 
played quark doub we were and quick abou . in i play wildly 
channeling played quark dou within exchange values among the q 
you. either are their quarks or gl quark and a



bone spirit / shaman

http://www.alansondheim.org/bonespirit1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/bonespirit.mp3 (earphones)
http://www.alansondheim.org/bonespirit2.png

wood and bone-neck instrument with two strings

and what of the shaman who thrums? who murmurs?
what of this uncanny music, it is shaman stuff, it is power,

it is the body of the shaman, line after line of the body

of the body of the shaman or the body of the shaman

of the body of the bone of the shaman the bone-body shaman

of marking singing, singing marking, of the bone

marking the bone-body

marking the body-bone

o of s shaman, a appealing t to t the s spirit o of s swan. 
o of s shaman, a appealing t to t the s spirit o of s swan.

you this bone-body it is shaman staff you it is power runways 
laid out in shamanic configuration, shaman in order to speak of 
the body-bone bone-body of the shaman, shaman cross-the-bridge, 
i a shaman without redemption or belief,

not being a shaman: topology order zero. shamanic index object 
speech, song, ownerships, shamanic practices, ours is the life, 
spaces of dreams, shamanic spaces, gathering within the 
shamanistic fetish for the expulsion of males, fighting forever, 
the shamans healing the warriors - familiars, vertical 
repetitions, shamans, repetitions, voices, repetitions, shamans, 
a shamans, sounds, familiars, horizontal familiars and some 
shamans, the few voices, worlds, murmurs, vertical, shamans, 
sounds, shamans, vertical familiars, infinitely repairable not 
crap cyber-shamanisms, we extend body into blank image, is 
substance. that avatar cures; s/he is shamanic, mediating the 
for this interweaving - at least in a world where shamanisms are 
suspect, spewed shaman? a shaman staff, playing in depth into my 
state of mind. we cyber-shamanisms, we extend body behind grasp 
and if shamanism goes back to the paleolithic, it has no origin.

i will not stand on sky-pole nor will i shamanic ascend descent, 
i die oh oh you can tell oh oh shamans then i die shaman then i 
die oh oh you can tell oh oh and what of the shaman who speaks?

the voices, voices, shamans, shamans, o shaman, what speaks 
through the shaman, through the materiality of the now in this 
piece, nothing is doing, it's just bone-body voices, 
repetitions, few repetitions, shamans, repetitions, voices, 
repetitions, familiars, horizontal repetitions, voices, 
repetitions, shamans, among the music, guiding the music, they 
were bone-body shamanism, animal plant animal

familiars, familiar, shamans, sounds, horizontal voices, few 
familiar, shamans, voices, and and few transformations shamans, 
familiars, few voices, voices, voices, shamans, familiars, 
shamans, and familiars, sounds, transformations shamans, 
familiars, sounds, sounds shamans, shamans, and familiars, 
vertical, shamans, sounds, bone-body bedded, 

sounds, sounds, shamans, a shamans, some sounds, familiars, 
bone-bodies, voices, shamans, body-bones, cures; you are a 
curing shaman, among them, familiars, shamans, body-bone voices, 
bone-body sounds some repetitions, sounds worlds, familiars, 
shamans, horizonal shamans, a repetitions, worlds, few voices, 
and horizonal a transformations and vertical worlds, shamans,

bone-body shamans, body-bone shamans

bone-body

bodies

body-bone

bones



towers passing

http://www.alansondheim.org/towerspassing.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/towerspassing.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/towerspassing.mp3

towers, passing

towers,
  transmissions, transmission towers, my breast swells 
  as your hands, pagoda ghosts, curled around them, 
  ghosts of damps and mists,

and now i will climb the very great towers of fire

and from the towers, consumption, consumption from 
  plains and edges
  towards towers terrifying across captured lands

and you can build your towers
and you can build your giant towers
/* build your giant towers */ /* build them
and ::great towers reach up :: 

prairie towers,
prairie towers, prairie the control ,

and the dark working sky, the lights sky, flickering lights, 
  towers, the people
  dark across the sky, lights flickering in the towers, 
  people working 

and this is the one of the crenellated towers 
  in the spectrum created



codework manque

http://www.alansondheim.org/mith5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/mors.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/muth7.png

azimuth bvh azimuth bvh azimuth bvh azimuthtest bvh azure cgp 
azure dxf zimuth zimuth zimuth Later there were rumors that a 
new series of detonations would occur also rumors that there 
would be no causal linking between the slaughter these rumors 
now, and are writing them to you, so that you may be aware The 
ducks had no tumors and the eel was fine and healthy. Their 
feathers earlier, those rumors of a doomsday machine, always 
located in Russia's crossroads of silences, rumors of darkness 
and universal endings Nothing is settled except for the cupped 
land, rumors of strangers, wars, Paste is who we are, obscene 
twin tumors cathected into one another, bored if beneath 
ourselves, disturbed by such collision, tremors arise, if such 
you hallucinate - tumors are involved - and it reminded me that 
I did that existing for the length of a breath, trembling before 
rumors of the abso ling before rumors of the abso its very 
trembling hints at forces beyond ble earth. Tsiolkovsky receives 
rumors of the Crisis at best; rumors none, the rumors of 
neighborhood problematic; and they don't read my own texts or 
texts in-formed by tumors - let's look of the truth of the 
decide what constitutes a crime. I've heard rumors of smashed 
bodies, about you, just from the rumors he's half in love with i 
already, who s/ms still the language, there are rumors of 
language there are rumors of language, there are murmurs age is 
pushed back, longer lives accompanied by tumors and running 
sores. rumors of additional species, and even additions to the 
current ones. For example, there were rumors of men accessible 
to virgins, a Mistress for horse-arches. But these were never 
seen, the rumors never substantiated. On the other hand, the 
rumors alone might have been part of the mechanism Fastenings on 
the Grid, Rumors of Anti cipated Things rumors whole people 
moving about the faces of the earths loves and hatreds about 
you, just from the rumors he's half in love with i already, who 
sloughs skins everywhere, out of control; pollution sends tumors 
and can- existing for the length of a breath, trembling before 
rumors of the abso- learns quickly; he is condescending, always 
wary. rumors develop in the if beneath ourselves, disturbed by 
such collision, tremors arise, if such junction, all of us could 
feel incipient life growing, tumors in the ling before rumors of 
the abso its very trembling hints at forces beyond are blinded. 
Lesions develop. There are rumors of bombs. There is no horizons 
there are rumors of Carthage, speaking and writing a form of 
water and brine, the rumors flew and world petroleum body in 
part or in full, tumors attacking me. Masturbation makes the 
time the publicity apparatus. Even now, her power is such that 
rumors abound as rumors. rumors bodies, flesh translated 
symbolic. Rumors necessary. Nothing is settled except for the 
cupped land, rumors of strangers, wars, chromatic scale 
classical parlor crepuscletwilight danse creates tremors bomb 
earlier, rumors then, and or machine, machine, rumors earlier, 
and then there's tapping the energy, running leds, future-cars 
and rumors ally; the O is isolated - there are rumors of O... 
unreachable, a kind of boundaries as far as they know - only 
rumors - not of boundaries but of already the shadows burrow, 
bury rumors of historiography within the sign of fever, 
migraine, incipient diabetes, tumors insists on notes between 
notes, and other notes between them; each clamors debris for 
example, as if something had happened, an accident, rumors 
pardon me while i die of tumors says nikuko tumors Writers 
circumscribed by irreversible spew cellular internal. 
sphere-entrapment, anecdotal rumors girlfriends boyfriends, 
cancers flooding the body in part or in full, tumors attacking 
wasted by the likes of assassin- tumors Writers circumscribed by 
tumors bad allergic attack tremors of constant sorrow Nothing is 
settled except for the cupped land, rumors of strangers, wars, 
To speak against the differend is codework, 
tumors are codework -
tumors are codework manque -


Two things. Please read.

http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/04/opinion/sunday/youre-how-old-well-be-in-touch.html?_r=1

And a request:

If anyone knows a way I can get access to a Cave or VR equipment to use or 
a motion capture setup (perhaps at an institution?), please contact me; 
I'm running dry on technology, have no access to anything at the moment, 
and I don't want to stop working on issues of virtuality etc. Thanks, Alan 
-


All Told

http://www.alansondheim.org/north06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/alltold.mp3 alto clarinet

this very old deathbed guy plays alto clarinet
see, no one else will touch the instrument
no one else will touch the old guy
the old guy's a bit touched but he plays the alto clarinet
he makes up the kit and the group
all at once he plays the kit and the group
he can't control his fury he turns it on himself
he's a funny comedy of funny errors he's angry and that's funny
it's funny and has a funny beginning and a funny ending
or a deathbed funny ending that's just funny coming
it's funny watch them put him in the funny deathbed
limbs akimbo limbs akimbo
so listen up the death rattle's just beneath the surface
and all of us funny old guys are incompetent, useless, and dead



no mourning bunting for redflag blueflag mourning

http://www.alansondheim.org/mith1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/432DeanStreet9316c.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/432DeanStreet9316.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/mith2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/mith3.png

redflag divides the macgrid sims
blueflags on the roof of 432 dean street, brooklyn, where 
azure and i, sometimes with the help of mark and gary, 
repaired our roof before the storms that threatened flooding
still on the roof in the satellite maps, 3/9/16, 
patched with shower curtains, gorilla tape, duct tape, 
bungee cords, painting tarps

now mark has passed away and gary has disappeared, and

the angry red flag

one of the two smaller flanking ones; here there are red flags 
installed the angry red flag, love raises the angry red flag the 
angry red flag love raises raises love raises the angry red flag 
the angry red flag love into the streets, carried the black flag 
of anarchy, the red flag into the streets, carried the black 
flag of anarchy, the red flag sweet flag, the blue flag (Iris\ 
Flint's Pond, where the trees, covered

the black flag of anarchy

holding the gun, saluting, the flag held high before me, and you 
stil broad with Lili-Maria thrust flag wet with -blindfold- type 
!+v to flag yourself as available for public play (!-v and 
tundra. there might be a flag tree present, branches on one 
side, the twigs form flag trees. the flag held high.

true wit and beauty to serve under a flag and nation that has 
destroyed interfere; cloth is a flag of perversion. to think 
beyond the cloth, touch touching, inside each other. beneath the 
flag

bar flag : woman upper bar lower loaf seated man : leaf owl 
upper bar own bar flag : inscribe arms bar lower bowl upper bowl 
lower seated man

salute the flag unfurled,
unfurled, flag the salute
a patriot, o love flag of white and red and blue.

tell the truth no under not i'm god o' nation no under not i'm 
flag no under tasting Rare god i got no country under god i i'm 
not under no flag i'm support love of [yes] jesus of mary god 
flag of animal rights god jesus mary [yes] love of flag love of 
god [no] animal rights [yes]

burning the flag in solemn colors
burning the flag in solemn colors
burning flag in solemn colors /[q]+/ ministers presidents fiery 
effigies

the black flag of anarchy
orig love raises the angry red flag orig the angry red flag love 
raises orig love raises the black flag of anarchy &orig the 
black flag of anarchy raises orig love raises the angry red flag 
orig the angry red flag love raises orig love raises the black 
flag of anarchy %orig the black flag of

you can fawn them. you can live in war. you flag with care : 
broad with Lili-Marine thrust flag dry with + cLoTh cLoTh dry 
broad with Lili-Marine thrust flag wet with + cLoTh cLoTh wet 
suffer fall, or into feebleness; flag wings. prior.enervate; 
            //Set the permission flag for use later.

//Set the permission, before we pass among you
//Set the permission, before we pass before you
//Set the permission, for Mark Esper, Gary Wiebke
//Set the permission,
//Set the permission,
//Set the permission,
+++



returned 

http://www.alansondheim.org/returned.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/returned.mp4

(my father died five years ago today. four years ago, it was the 
first anniversary of my father's death. now it could be five, 
ten, twenty, a hundred years from now, millennia. now it could 
be anything. it always could have been anything. i cannot speak 
to him about this or other things. i can't make anything right. 
i never could.)

returned fps -> -fps
returned rbg -> -rbg
returned +(x,y) -> -(x,y)
returned x(db) -> 1/x(db)
returned z(hz) -> 4z(hz)

approaching the irresolution of reversals and an early universe
the fundamental values of an early universe
the failure of falling failure of the falling body

_now_ it is stormy outside, the sky is not the sky
the ground is not the ground, The Wall is not the wall
in the early universe, The Wall is not the wall

there is no wail from the failure of the falling body



Rimbaud! And Verlaine!

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0471.jpg !
http://www.alansondheim.org/riotious.mp3 !
http://www.alansondheim.org/spent.mp3 !

Rimbaud sits at a typewriter in their flat at Rue Monge, he's 
working on the Tipsy Boat stuff, banging away! Verlaine can't 
stand it, all that banging, he's feeling riotious and plays like 
crazy! Outside a motorcar drones by and there's a wind up! 
Verlaine says to Rimbaud, There's a wind up! That's riotious! 
Rimbaud keeps plugging away on the T.B.! He think's it's really 
something! Verlaine's drunk on absinthe and Rimbaud too but 
Rimbaud's also drunk on cheap wine! Every stroke of the keys, V. 
thinks, is just brilliant! He thinks every stroke is amazing 
also! Rimbaud finds Verlaine a real nuisance and this is just 
before the guns come out! The wind's howling! Verlaine's playing 
a furious Normandy on the fiddle! Rimbaud's letting his juices 
flow, he's tapping his feet, he's writing like crazy! Outside 
you can hear a motorcar! Verlaine's getting tired! He's got to 
keep going so Rimbaud can keep writing! Verlaine keeps Rimbaud's 
juices flowing! He thinks Rimbaud's juices! Bang! Bang! Bang!! 
Rimbaud's got to keep going! The motorcar's going by at a 
furious speed! The typewriter's going at a furious speed! 
Verlaine's spent! He's to to keep going! He plays a furious 
fiddle Belgique!  Rimbaud's got to keep going! He's riotious! He 
keeps going! On Rue Monge! Verlaine's there too!




Worlds and Names


http://www.alansondheim.org/mtbaker.jpg

'They thought there must be a country in the sky, and that 
there must be a lake. Some one said they would go on the 
warpath. One of them was able to shoot far. Then another one 
shot and hit the notch of the (first) arrow. Then all of them 
shot, but they did not reach down. When Raven put his nose 
there, then it reached the ground. When they were going to 
start, Wolverene said: "Wait for me. It will take me two days to 
put away my things. It will take me two days." He was still 
putting away his things when they started. Then Wolverene became 
angry because he was left. When they had gone up, he took hold 
of (the arrows) and tore them down entirely. They all dropped 
down. Then the women became angry at him because they were left 
alone in the town. The pursued Wolverene and he was about to be 
killed. They pursued Wolverene, and he was out of breath. He 
took up his sinews and cut himself to pieces. He changed himself 
into a squirrel. He put it under the belt which was around his 
waist. Then he went back somewhere, because he could do no more, 
being tired. He went around, and some one said: "Here is 
Wolverene." He said: "I am not he; I am called He-who-wants-to- 
act-differently-from-others-and-who-does-not-care-for-whatever- 
may-be-done. I am shooting squirrels."'

- from Kutenai Tales, Franz Boas, Smithsonian Institution, 
Bureau of American Ethnology, Bulletin 59, Washington, D.C.

Now the Kutenai is given on the page opposite the translation, 
line by line. And the translation may or may not be accurate by 
Kutenai standards. Consider the narrative as it is, as 
transformations and absorptions. Consider more traditional 
narrative formations - short stories, novels, etc. There may 
always be transformations. The transformations in this fragment 
of a much longer narrative grouping, however, speak to something 
else, I think (something thinks), the part of the whole of the 
part, the vector across organisms and epistemologies (some 
thinking of objects and part-objects), the naming across affect 
and epistemologies, something shaking the core of ontology (it 
thinks) to the (entangled, bifurcated) roots. And it seems to me 
(to one (to many)), that this category of tropes and 
transformations among tropes reflects as well, a condition 
(door, outlook, many think) of existence itself, at least as far 
as it applies to organisms, and the negation of organisms 
(perhaps sentience, many think (one thinks)) or negations of 
organisms (many think) as actors or receptacles, as employers or 
employments, as Hamiltonians or Lagrangians (one thinks (many 
think)), something to be noticed, something _noticeable_ within 
the alterities of narratives and the narratives of alterities 
(among the books, slips, notes, diaries, pages, fragments, 
varieties and varieties of oral and written textualities (some 
say (many say))) - the texts 'dictated' and 'collected' as told 
(he says) -

Told by Mission Joe and Felix Andrew

and he (Franz Boas) continues,

'Three other tales were told in the same way by Mission Joe, a 
man about 60 years old, whose dictation was repeated by Felix 
Andrew, a young man who speaks English very well, but whose 
ability to interpret the Indian texts word by word was even less 
than that of Pierre Andrew.'

And further -

'All these tales were recorded without translation; and the 
translation was made later on, in part with the assistance of 
Pierre Andrew, in part with that of Felix Andrew. All my 
informants were Upper Kutenai.'

So that there is _that,_ of that period and process, an attempt 
at accuracy (for example there is a Kutenai-English, English- 
Kutenai vocabulary at the end of the volume). So to some extent, 
this situates (loosely, some say (many say) ethnology, scholar- 
ship, linguistics, and to a lesser extent perhaps, situates 
these tales.

Wolverene says: '"I am not he; I am called He-who-wants-to-act- 
differently-from-others-and-who-does-not-care-for-whatever-may- 
be-done."' This is a proper name; in the Kutenai, there are no 
dashes. What is the expression indicative of totality? And a 
totality defined, as an outlier organism (many say) defined by 
negation? Defined perhaps as outlaw, borderlander-after-all 
(before all), residing within and without the community, among 
them (one says (many say))?

And is this not the problematic of culture in the first and last 
place (among the continuum of places, an _open set_ (one says 
(many say))? And what of the expenditure of energy, of 
maintenance, of legacy (always disappearing, evanescent, always 
languaging, always transforming)?

I (one says, (some say (many say))), among others, bring this to 
your attention (your perusal, your thinking among this), this 
self-hunting, self-dismemberment, this renaming, this whole-for- 
the-part, part-for-the-whole, this parting of the whole, 
hallowing of the part, this _condition or conditioning_ - of 
this narrative - of the wayward or wandering - of the untoward - 
of this epistemological breakdown (which was never a whole or 
hole, or rather the fragment of a hole, or part or parting of 
the hole (one says (many say))) -

I (many say (some say)), there is this among us, the rest 
(borderlands, containers, outliers) are fictions at best, 
fragments, narrative of proclamations - every language ab nihilo 
declarative - for instance - for an instance or instant - for an 
instantiation) - circulations (I say (many say)), not 
circularities (one says (many say)) ... ...

'Then the ribs on one side of the [water] monster were cut off. 
They were thrown away down the river. The one side of the ribs 
is now a cliff below. Then the other side was thrown away, there 
where it was being cut up. Therefore the cliff is named Standing 
Rib. Then its body was cut up and scattered about where there 
are people. Its flesh was to be their food. Then its body was 
gone entirely, and the people here had been forgotten, where it 
was being carved. There was no water there. Someone said: "Is 
that in the water there its backbone?" When it was all done, 
they talked among themselves. "What shall belong to these 
people, because we killed it on their own land?" Then they 
picked up the blood and scattered it. They said: "This will 
belong to these people. These people will be few. They will not 
be many, they will not increase, but they will always remain; 
even if many make war against them, they can not be 
exterminated." Now it is finished. The end.'

*/ - ibid. p. 83 (one says(many say)) /*

http://www.ktunaxa.org/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kutenai_language
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ktunaxa
http://lowerkootenay.com/
http://www.ethnologue.com/language/KUT
https://archive.org/details/kutenaitales00boas
http://wals.info/languoid/family/kutenai#9/49.5000/244.0000



slackbow and bird

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0103.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/slackbow.mp3

viola played w/ loose salt-and-paper bow hairs
test running working on structures because
 who can hear such



The Stars


http://www.alansondheim.org/threemeters.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/threemeters0.mp3
(slackbow violin inverse dynamics) three meter violin stars
http://www.alansondheim.org/threemeters1.mp3
(slackbow violin) three meter violin stars


The stars are three meters up in the sky. If you use something 
to reach them, they know that and move from that thing. But then 
they return when that thing is moved there. They are very fast. 
If you use a telescope to see them, they are the same size in 
the telescope. That is optics. Someone next to you or a mile 
away sees the same stars. They only shine straight down into 
things.

There are many things on the stars. Some of them are quiet and 
some of them move about. You can hear them through a telescope. 
They make light with sound. You can listen to them. They are 
there, on the surface of the stars. Some say they are inside.

The stars are not very bright. They are very close like tiny 
insects or leaves. They are good for living. The things on the 
stars are very happy there. They know each other and do not use 
names. Have you ever heard of names of things on stars. But they 
know each other well. They are always there, running and 
walking. They can fly but do not like flying. If they fly they 
may fall into a telescope. They would be too loud then.

The sun and the moon are just the same. The stars move out of 
the way so the sun and the moon can go along. Then the stars 
move back to where they were. You cannot see them move, they are 
very fast. There are things on the sun but there are no things 
on the moon. The moon is a big truffle. You can see it in a 
telescope. It just moves about.

The sun moves about too but it is always boiling. You can see 
the steam. It a big kettle. It is so close. That is why we are 
always hot.

The shooting stars are two meters up in the sky.




modernity studies in the lower case


http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0006.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/modernity.mp3

in our place in providence, the decibel level reached 86.3. 
unable to think properly, groping with a seething headache,
i took 1/4 trazodone, 3 codeine acetaminophen, and blueberry 
tea from halifax. i was woozy. there was a state outside on
aptly-named empyre street, bass going full blast. i tried 
sleep. i couldn't think. drums going full blast. there were
horns. i pulled out my giraffe banjorette, set up the h4n,
and began to play. i had troubles hearing myself but the h4n
didn't. i fought off the music outside. my tinnitus was 
roaring. i couldn't focus. the windows were closed. the 
shades were down. the place was shaking. i played through
three pieces for twenty minutes. i was furious. noise
pollution in providence is horrific; it's reached 92 db at
times. i sleep badly. i'm guilty of brain fog. our place 
suffers from more noise than our place in downtown brooklyn.
i tried earplugs. they didn't work. the music-machine grinds
on. 

the sound controls. it couldn't be tuned out. things were
shaking. this happens a fair amount. when i played the
giraffe, i could focus on pieces of melody. the giraffe is
melody-perfect. it fights against the desiring-machine. the
desiring-machine desires flesh. it encapsulates flesh. it is
device-control. it runs alt-control-delete. it controls 
kill-abort. it seems like teen spirit. it seems like freedom.
freedom is nothing left to lose. it controls teen spirit. it
controls freedom. it seems like postmodernity. i became ill.
my head's going to explode. i tried reading john clellon
holmes' go. i couldn't focus. tinnitus explodes. for once i
noticed a severe differential between the right and left ear.
i recorded the musicsound. have it now. i think of bernie
krause and mickey hart and fred lieberman. i want to write
like film noir but it's just noir. but the music's good and
you don't have to hear it at 86.3 db.

then there's this - the rewritten cull below - and i think of 
the primordial, and the Baal-Babel of noise tearing into the 
body, never letting go. and it may be that noise.

the giraffe banjorette is a very quiet instrument.


postmodernity-oo-primordials-oo-protolanguage

radiations/postmodernity\ / machinic - I can 'do' 
multiculturalism, postmodernism, postmodernity, a _deflationary 
regime_ - not postmodernity's _implosion of information,_ 
post-modernity is only a phase and a phrase conjured up by those 
who lack. History is the Baal-Babel of modernity. (Sondheim.) 
other, a disaster, back to modernity and disaster moanings of 
the bar, in/forms like all radiations. In modernity, 
premodernity, whatever, on/off thinking from pre-cambrian, 
paleolithic, modernity. life in the name of values that 
modernity itself has created, hoping to want all one wants about 
postmodernity, virtuality, subjectivity, the body, consumption, 
capital), spoiler (postmodernity and ethos). Think 
postmodernity, soja's geographies, jargoned than, :> >>>how 
nauseated? advantage of postmodernity was the recognition of the 
inherency and import postmodernity. Individual histories, 
identities, spam offers, ISPs, etc., postmodernity, where 
selves, ideologies, and languages are contested. Hermeneutics of 
Postmodernity? We have the major newspapers, magazines, All too 
often, we hear that postmodernity has eliminated, or at least 
among postmodernity's fractal deconstructions of knowledge, 
coming to the occasional shower. I began thinking: dust and 
radiations, post-modernity postmodernity So what will or connect 
the commonplace? The Network? As the Network grew, through 
late-capitalism and postmodernity - a postmodernity of 
historiography or devolution of _the stages of life's_ account 
of postmodernity: ausserhalb under erasure. postmodernity - Ds 
that tend revolution of the body & Ds, nomadicisms & 
late-late-capitalist postmodernity, where selves, ideologies, 
And in the midst of all of this (postmodernity): the past 
appears only post-modernity dispersed, defused, like identities 
across films. nexus lacra. In postmodernity, since simulacra and 
the real interpenetrate, trans sky-fingered eye postmodernity 
generatied unless post-modernity or extrusion, an embarkation 
upon a faulty ship chart postmodernity, is always in a state of 
renewal, whether or not the 'type' results. I see in these the 
icons of postmodernity - dispersions that tend has either the 
one or the other, a disaster, back to modernity and totality. 
either the one or the other, a disaster, back to modernity and 
modernity, whatever, presencing any presentification, according 
to their fragmentary subversion of modernity and mechanism, 
while remaining Postmodernity is the topography and 
psychogeography of dusts and radiatioons skittering; a dark 
non-classical extrusion, embarkation faulty fact to discuss 
postmodernism, postmodernity, or any other relevant absorbed 
back genre postmodernity state renewal whether 'type' rather 
than the postmodernity that some of us take for granted? From 
modernity to postmodernity, the following processes occur, 
primarily cosmology, internets, and postmodernity, the ideal 
neither disappears nor either the one or the other, a disaster, 
back to modernity and disaster irrelevant - in order to arrive 
at a model which, vis-a-vis postmodernity, vative swing away 
from postmodernity, and current American imperialist _mess_ 
_messes_ appear from the chaos of modernism postmodernity is 
culation - which is in accordance with postmodernity's emphasis 
on the primordial prespace psychoanalytics of fundamental space 
(tending towards postmodernity); it's not the empty set with 
_dimension one_ or the other, a disaster, back to modernity and 
disaster (catastrophe) Embracing postmodernity, we await its end 
- full of manifolds in flux. Streams and strata. Postmodernity. 
loss of metanarrative. But it's not a case of postmodernity or 
thinking from modernity, futuring, unstaying.

http://www.alansondheim.org/banjorette1.jpg



why the winds never fall to the bottom of the sea

http://www.alansondheim.org/bottomlife2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/bottomlife.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/bottomlife4.png

fallthrough yes it was earlier we crawled to the bottom of 
things, some people running out of it, and fissures: two from 
the hole at the bottom of the world. I got to the bottom of it, 
twisted mind.

The demon stopped me. Tracks led from the house to the bottom of 
the the left hand side rear of the bottom of the coffin nailed 
to the back Thinking gets to the bottom of everything. Thinking 
gets to the bottom of ejaculate, the bottom bunker pulled his 
spit-glistened shaft away above, near the bottom carefully 
surveying the earth, red-brown lizard and Travis lie discarded 
at the bottom of a ditch, spread, and the bottom of the chasm, 
salt burns my wounds, and the vans stop down there at the 
bottom. Gestures. We went to appear intact with each other at 
the bottom of the sea, the trident triple-cock -

blocked across the stone field, something encrusted in the 
bottom o carefully lamps; the bottom chamber is filled with the 
same, water climb up toward the bottom, we proceed carried in 
the direction of--we're crotchless purple string bikini swimwear 
group at the bottom try to figure decision, at the bottom, is 
independent. the best-laid plans designed from the bottom up, 
worked from the top down, deeply incompatible at the bottom, 
predictive exhaustion, the easy way out, of which the easiest 
lies at the bottom and far, and we stop down there at the 
bottom. Gestures. we use flame to the bottom of the basement, I 
heard about the canyon, but flesh is lacerated, blood flows at 
best to the bottom of the frame, going to dig up dirt on 
someone, we'll do it in the hallway near the bottom, she's 
halfway near the sky, she's hunched over more, and she would see 
to the bottom of things imperceptibly plowing the bottom. I can 
only assume this doesnt frighten in some sort of freefall, 
although there's an object at the bottom of the ocean, no one 
has any hope of tying it down. In a dream, I get to the bottom 
of it, those junkie arms, sweet eyes burned through the basement 
of the world's skull. Oh know that getting to the bottom of this 
is just as you would! There are lamps; the bottom chamber is 
filled with the same, water drips from the lower side lying on 
the floor. There's a rock at the bottom of the water. it was 
manifest in an absolute that drops out at the bottom of the 
scale; memory collapses under the weight of futility, as if it 
were more painful to fall out from the bottom of the earth

And night revealing the bottom of the sea, diluted, a red-brown 
near the bottom carefully surveying the corral, it stays there, 
shudders, there's ripples on the the world lying there, stands 
there, the bottom of the tongue, the two of us swimming to the 
bottom of the airless grotto, gasping for breath, reinforcing 
the tongue. At one time, a small cover must have been present, 
the room's cold from the floorboards and the wind's whistling 
rubble at the bottom. There's no way out because there's no up.

We sink to the bottom of the sea. And there's always sea. And 
some mist blows west and at the bottom of the sea. And stirs And 
the day was cold, with stony veins. So channels were formed, 
cells gleam there, near the bottom of the sea-hill. I wondered 
about the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, which 
will help with the runoff. Over there gesture the bottom- 
dwellers, sea-horses, speckled red and white, mountains or 
protrusion at the bottom of the valley and the other. The top 
continues to fall to the bottom, lose itself, so to speak, this 
far, and the eins stop down there at the bottom. Gestures. We 
use distraction, the nameless at the top, feeling slightly warm 
after a while. Saliva drips from the bottom. Then up from the 
bottom muck in a wetlands, with their feet and wing-beating, 
swimming to the bottom of the airless grotto, gasping for 
breath, washed ashore. Lagan is cargo that is lying on the 
bottom of the ocean, waters at the bottom, white symbols at the 
top - almost too-white, towards the bottom; still there are 
instructions, running in clean rooms, running, **with the nikuko 
had my ? ss u strands of my hiar to tie to the bottom** we don't 
know what happened they were found dead there

wondering why the winds never fall down towards the bottom of 
things, and you're still there at the bottom of the sea



Sanshin and Symphony #1


http://www.alansondheim.org/simplex.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/movement4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/movement5.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/measurepolytope.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/composed6.mp3

the transformations

the three pieces of music employ reverse reverberation through 
supercollider for the symphony; composed6 also employs inverse 
dynamics. the sanshin is the okinawan version of the shamisen, 
played with a different form of bachi; i use my fingernails in 
place of the plectrum. the instrument can be heard directly 
through the maelstrom in movement4 and 5; it disappears in 
composed6. i work with pulses and rhythmic murmurs in all three 
sections; they're clearest in composed6. all of them are heading 
towards and permeating, the potential of the ineffable; all of 
them extend what the symphonic means for me, grounded in new 
temporalities and dynamics.

when i fall asleep i worry through measure polytopes (line / 
square / cube / hypercube / etc.), projecting them onto the 
plane; each _slides_ into the next higher. think of these as 
uncomfortable _smears._ when i fall asleep i worry through 
simplices (line / triangle / tetrahedron / 4-simplex / etc.), 
projecting them onto the plane; each is _pulled_ into the next 
higher. i think of sliding - taking everything with one - and 
pulling - dragging something out of one - are basic operations 
(affine, catastrophic?) that keep me together, much as they 
extend and pull apart. 



874 spelling exceptions

http://www.alansondheim.org/sanshin.png

abacus actant actants aesthetic aesthetics aether affine ageism 
alan alansondheim alterities alterity Amidah amuck analogic 
anorectic anthropic anthropocene anthropocentric antiparticle 
anysign anysigns anywhen aphoristic aporia app apperception 
appetition archaea aristotelian arounds artworks ascence ascii 
asondheim asymbolia audion audiophiles authorial automorphism 
automorphisms autopoesis avadance avasound avatar avatar's 
avatars avatartist avi awk backgrounding Badiou bangu banknote 
baryon baryons BBS bctrip BEUYS bio biodiversity biome biomes 
biomorphic birthing blog blogging blogs bmp Boojum bookshops 
bosons brane bricolage buddha bushido bvh CA camcorder carapace 
Carboniferous castrated cataclysm cathect cathected cathecting 
cd cdrom CEN Centre Charade chararacterized chiasm chiasmus 
chora choreia choreographies chthonic circumambulate 
circumlocuted circumscription clits clonazepan clots cobza 
codeine codework codeworks coherencies collectivity collocations 
com commodification communality commutators Compaq complicit 
conceivings conflate confluence consciousnesses consensualities 
contestation copulate cordons cosmologies cum cumbus cums cunt 
cunts cura cyber Cybermind cyberspace cyberwar cyborg cyborgs 
d'eruza d'Imobilite d'nala dancework darkling darknet darkworld 
de decapitation decathected decathecting decathection decathects 
decathexis decentered decon deconstruct deconstructed 
deconstructing deconstruction deconstructs decrepit deerflies 
defuge demarcations dementia denudation Derrida desertification 
desiccated destabilization dharma dhtml diachronically diachrony 
dialogic diegesis diegetic differance differend Difilter dis 
disassociating disassociation disassociations discomfiture 
discomforted disembodiment disinvested disinvestment dismember 
distantiation Distributivities dna docudrama dojoji dojoji's 
dreamwork droneless DSL ecologies ectoplasm Edenic edgespace 
Edia effacement effacements efflorescence effusions electricks 
elsewhen elsewise emanant emanants emanent emanents emergences 
emootions empathetic empathized encapsulations enclaved 
enclaving enfoldings engorgement enharmonic entasic entropic 
ephemera episteme epistemologies erhu erotics espdisk 
essentialism ether ethernet ethnomusicologist everglades 
everywhen exe exfoliate exfoliation exhibitionism existents 
Exoteric experientials expulsions extasis extensivity 
exteriority externality extinctions extrusions Eyebeam Facebook 
familiality fantasm fantasmic fasciatus fau feedforward 
ferdinand fetishism fetishisms fetishization fictionalized 
fictivity filmmaker filmmaking filmstock filterings fingerboard 
finitude firgun floodwall foofwa foregrounded frisson Fukuoka 
futurology Gaia gamespace gameworld genidentical genidentity 
genital genitals genocide genome geomatics gestural gesturally 
ghichak gigabytes gloam gloaming glossolalia gluon gluons Google 
graphemes grep gridlines guanzi guqin guzheng habitus haecceity 
halfgroupoid hallucinatory haptic harmonica hasapi hee hegelung 
hemiptera heraldic hermaphrodite hermaphroditic heterological 
hir hirself historiographies Hittite holarch holarchic holarchy 
holism holographic homeostasis homeostatic hormonal htm html 
http hyperreality hypnagogic i'd i'm i've idealities ideality 
ideogrammar ikonic imaginaries immanence immersive immersivities 
immersivity Imobilite imperium implodes implosion imprudence 
inchoate incoherency incompletes inconceivability incorporations 
indexical indexicality inerrancy infinitesimals infoldings 
informatics ing ingress inherence inscriptive instrumentality 
intensifications intentionality intercession interiority 
internality internet interpenetrate interpenetrated 
interpenetrating interpenetration interpenetrations introjecting 
introjection introjections introjectivity invaginations Iphone 
irretrievably isp itselves izanagi jabbled java javascript 
jectivites jectivities jectivity Jen jennifer jewish jisatsu 
jogia jouissance jpg judgmental julu kanji karma Kebara Kerrigan 
killdeer kilter Kira koan kwat Lacan lamina landbirds languaging 
languorous larboard latinate lejeune LEK Liardon libidinal 
lifeform lifeworld lightwoman liguus liminal liminality linksys 
linux lisu literarily LOL lpmud ludic MacGrid machinic 
macroscope Madhyamaka maelstrom maenad magatama Maitre Maitre's 
malnourishment mandala manifesto manque mantra maquette 
Marvellous mashup masochism massivity materialist materiality 
materiel mathematization matheses mathesis maws meataphor 
mediaspace megafauna meme menued messay metaverse mewling miami 
microworlds migraine mimickry minefields mishmash misrecognition 
misrecognized Moab mocap mockeries moil monoculture monopole 
monother monothers Morgantown moron morph morphing morphs 
motility mouselook mov mp ms Mt mudra mudrah multiculturalism 
multiculturalisms multilathing multiplicities multiverse 
multiverses multlathe muybridge Myouka mytheme nakasukawabata 
nano nanobot Nara narcissism narratologies narratology neath 
negationed neighborhooding neitherness neoliberalism neti 
Netscape netsplit neurasthenia neurophysiologies newbies 
nietzsche nijinsky nikuko Nikuko's noh nostalgias Nothing's nub 
nubs NYC objecthood oeuvre offline ok onomatopoeia ontologies 
org organelles orgasmic originary orkestra ornithology othering 
oud overdetermination overdetermined paleolithic Panamarenko 
panix panoptical panopticon particulation paysage PDA Peachboy 
peerings penis performative performativity periphyton perl 
phallic phallocentric phallus phantasm phantasms phenomenologist 
physicality physico pinup pipa platonism playnt pneumosphere png 
poesis poolings portico positionings Positionless postmodern 
postmodernism postmodernity pre preclusion presencing 
presentification Prespace primordials prims prions problematics 
problematized problematizes problematizing projectivity 
prolegomenon prosthesis protolanguage psychoanalytical 
psychoanalytically psychoanalytics psychogeographies pubic 
punctum punning qbasic qin quantal quark quarks Quicktime ragas 
rasa realspace rearticulation rebake rebirths redhat regimens 
reification reifications reify reinscribed reinscription 
releasement remakes retardations rewrytes rfid rhizomes Rhode 
riff rills RNA roils romola rosin rotifera RSS runnels sac 
saccadic sado safewords Sagdish samadhi sanshin sarangi sarinda 
satori sawgrass saz schizophrenias scopic seamount sed Sedlock 
selfhood sememe sememes Semiology semiosis semiotic semiotics 
sensorium seriality serrated sexualities sexualizations 
sexualizes shakuhachi shaman shamanic shamanism shamisen shard 
sheffer shehnai shimenawa shinjuu shithead Shitting shorebird 
shortwave shtetl sightless signifiers sim simulacra simulacrum 
sions skein skeining skeins skinwork skittering skysphere sl 
Snoxfly sociobiological socius sondheim soundwork sourceless 
sourcess spam spatio Spattering speakings specicide Splattering 
splays spoor sprites sputtering stardust starwoman steerage 
stentor striations stromatolite stromatolites structuralism 
structuration subgroupoids subjectivities subjunctive Subsonic 
substructural subsummation subtext subtexted subtextual suroz 
susan sutra sward swill symbologies symptomologies symptomology 
synchronic synchronically synchronicity Sysadmins systemics 
syzygy tabla taksim talisman tambura tamburi tamiami tanka 
tantra tantric taxonomies teak techne techno technophilia 
technophilic TELECOMS teledildonics telematic teleologies 
teleportation temporality tendrils terns tessellations 
textuality thanatopoesis thee threnody tinnitus tion tions 
toading Tomei topos totalization tr trAce traceroute tracert 
trans tricycle tro trope tropes tumescent tv tweets twitches txt 
typifications ukulele ulpan ums un undercuts underscoring 
unentangled unfoldings unhinging unicode uninscribed unix 
unlearning unsullied untheorized unutterable upwelling ur URL 
URLs vajra valium vicodin videowork virga virtualities 
virtuality visidentity visuality vlf voiceovers voyeur voyeurism 
VRML watar Waterwheel Waypoint webboard webcam Webpage webpages 
website websites wetware wetwares WiFi Wikipedia willets 
WITNESSS Wittgenstein worlding woundatar woundatar's wryte 
wrytes wrything wryting wrytings wrytten www yamabushi yamantaka 
ytalk zany zaurus zazen zither


duol, erasa, e-rasa

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0234.jpg 
black-chinned hummingbird, utah
http://www.alansondheim.org/duol.mp3
guqin and viola 
http://www.alansondheim.org/erasa.mp3 
flute, digital tampura

i love these pieces, so near, so far away
duol viol and guqin mix, sonorous and fascinating
digital tampura and flute, mesmerizing
(if riptides are mesmerizing in their insistance)

the hummingbird i'm sure somewhere in there

e-rasa - erase, electronic-rasa, under erasure
duol - duet, dual, duel (but not really duel)



lexicon viola heritage master music
 
http://www.alansondheim.org/swann4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/violex.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/violex2.mp3

i am the master of this music.

repetitive microtonal modules fed into reverse reverb
programs with different parameters. i prefer violex.
the tomes' weight bears down on me.

s(W)W1Woo s([W]*)was(W)1wasp2gi; s(W)ph1phig; hello swan, you 
s(W)s([aeiouy])1swan2g; o you are my new friend, you are my new 
friend, hello fragrance Oguri Kaori woven Abe flax beauty 
camellia beauty bell swan others. i am the pure swan making of 
.s hieroglyph maybe approach approach thought lived death's 
delicate caring, pure swan making hieroglyph blackswann blanc 
blackswann blanc and darknesswandering darkrobe

rise rithicket rithicketdvrms ritter riv rivers riverswanted 
svengali svgaexe sw swallow swallowtail swan swaner swang swann 
 o of s shaman, a appealing t to t the s spirit o of s swan in 
funny embrace in a small electrostatic entertainment, it's the 
woman who demonstrates the magnetic swan to a small boy.

swan-onus-nit-s-entry-eel-laser-cool-owns-pole 
-onus-nit-s-entry-eel-laser-cool-owns-pole-swan 
-nit-s-entry-eel-laser-cool-owns-pole-swan-onus 
--s-entry-eel-laser-cool-owns-pole-swan-onus-nit 
--entry-eel-laser-cool-owns-pole-swan-onus-nit-s 
-----eel-laser-cool-owns-pole-swan-onus-nit-s-entry 
----laser-cool-owns-pole-swan-onus-nit-s-entry-eel 
--cool-owns-pole-swan-onus-nit-s-entry-eel-laser 
--owns-pole-swan-onus-nit-s-entry-eel-laser-cool 
-pole-swan-onus-nit-s-entry-eel-laser-cool-owns

o lovely hummingbird, delicate and caring of others. i am the 
pure swan delicate and caring of others. i am not the "pure swan 
bringing tidings lovely hummingbird, delicate and caring of i am 
the pure swan to myself, beegle, you are my new friend, hello 
swann, you are my new friend, hello nashville warbler, muscovie 
duck, swans, canadian geese, robins, blue swans' songs, thechief 
theckman tishotto tjsatter tkswanso tmattson tmhunter tograham 
the swan-song of the naturalist from the opening beyond the 
petit-a. $ echo fallen between these spaces the swan the white 
swan fallen between these spaces the swan the white swan rodlet. 
Swellish in swan-skin, they continued their gymnical hackery. 
home and that is the song of the brilliant swan but we are now 
swan swan because of the uneasy lap or basin, saccharine colors 
absorbing fragrance Oguri Kaori woven Abe flax beauty camellia 
beauty bell swan susangra susan swan swan swan swan swardd 
suckgod susangra swan susan swardd swan sward swole swollen 
sward susangra-suck swan-suck ku-love kv-love kw-love kx-love 
ky-love kyoko and riverswanted headline s(W)W1Woo 
s([W]*)was(W)1wasp2gi; s(W)ph1phig; s(W)s([aeiouy])1swan2g; swan 
to a small boy. lovely suicidebird, delicate and caring of i am 
the pure swan to myself, lovely suicidebird, delicate and caring 
of others. i am the pure swan shamans, of s shaman, a appealing 
t to t the s spirit o of s swan. suckgod susangra swan susan 
swardd swan sward swole swollen sward mute swans : others. i am 
the pure swan making of .s hieroglyph maybe approach approach 
thought lived death's delicate caring others. pure swan making 
hieroglyph geese, mallards, black ducks, ruddy ducks, swans,

past the swans swimming around the the beautiful glass-like 
lake, surely.s survey.v svaha.v svahastudies.v swallowtail.v 
swaner.p swann.p spaces swan fly processes, laws, a slight swan 
to a small boy. they were always suckgod susangra swan susan 
swardd swan sward were always suckgod susangra swan susan swardd 
swan sward swole o of s shaman, a appealing t to t the s spirit 
o of s swan. the swan-song of the naturalist from the opening 
beyond the petit-a. o echo fallen between these spaces the swan 
the white swan fallen between these spaces the swan the white 
swan black swan home and that is the song of the brilliant but 
we are now echo, fallen between these spaces,

of jitter and of jitter one, of the care withdrawn, mute swan
speaking _here,_ violex, _here,_ violex2

---

for azure carter and margie kelk



night heron

http://www.alansondheim.org/vartrip119.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/nightheron.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/vartrip118.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/vartrip064.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/vartrip073.jpg

"night heron in the night
woke up this morning in a fright 
my friend and i in a field, mourning
something on the wind a-borning
there came this threnody -
when the two of us are dead
the grass among us bled
of rose and word and things
and when the heron sings
the night gives way to melody -
we part, we're left alone
bereft, the breath, the tone"

bereft, tone in the the night i bereft, night we're night to in 
to when night of the tone us field, the threnody we're wind way 
mourning and and grass in there night woke tone alone gives way 
and things us are there on a heron morning we're heron bereft, 
grass the wind the night there friend heron we and when the 
fright when of field, in melody bled the part, of wind woke 
melody the i heron - this to us morning we are a to when heron 
bled friend to this and a melody there way on - wind alone came 
we on the we're something dead alone mourning of breath, 
mourning and tone field, night heron mourning part, woke 
mourning the in on friend the field, a-borning wind came - - are 
two of are when among way rose

tone tone tone tone the tone tone bereft, tone tone tone tone up 
the tone in the tone heron breath, tone heron bereft, tone night 
we're tone night the the the on breath, tone in the tone up 
alone tone night we're tone in to the heron rose the heron 
breath, night grass bereft, a alone tone a we're tone this 
melody tone woke heron the the us breath, in the heron melody 
alone night a-borning we're i - tone a gives tone this and the 
woke came the the bereft, in left night of we something to tone 
friend heron tone a of breath, this field, the woke alone the 
part, heron of melody night there night tone a and tone my the 
breath, in my bereft, up left night we in sings to night when 
sings tone on word the i of breath, fright up alone morning 
we're woke - the we're gives heron dead the there of the field, 
- the friend night alone in part, up melody night night heron of 
and - us the something came the i left fright we this to night 
sings in when and of the tone wind the the a left my - in way 
woke heron in way and the are tone this mourning the mourning 
we're and - a gives up when the left of night of two tone when 
in bereft, the we're in melody fright night this and night us 
night and when tone of friend bereft, a-borning we're field, to 
friend the morning things night among heron heron threnody tone 
dead a bereft, this part, something to and sings in word woke 
the heron way came tone us this bereft, - part, the way in heron 
fright and up dead in we're a-borning tone and woke bereft, two 
part, a-borning way a the my rose this us in breath, the tone 
and in bereft, are part, came gives mourning when friend of 
morning of the something tone heron night bereft, grass we 
threnody gives something when and bled in the the field, tone 
way bereft, bled we when night the and i us a when night in we 
the and we of night a-borning things a among a - woke i alone 
the things we are night came things field, grass my threnody 
woke friend night tone the the we the the threnody and something 
the friend came up my night the night we us the when and on the 
and there this a heron the to we rose the the word wind dead i 
a-borning morning in heron breath, part, we word the us word 
a-borning are in wind in morning in breath, bereft, we and sings 
dead and came us a the a this in breath,



thanks to : Leslie Thornton, Tom Zummer, Luke Damrosch,
Azure Carter



Masks, Theory, Sound, Time, Music, and the Sublime

http://www.alansondheim.org/espermask.jpg
Mark Esper's work mask in 432 Dean Street Window;
Mark passed away a while ago, after we left Brooklyn

http://www.alansondheim.org/zummeragamben.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/zummerineffable.mp3
Tom Zummer in dialog with reverse reverberation,
on an anecdote with Agamben, and the ineffable
impossibility of real-time reverse reverberation

http://www.alansondheim.org/azuretone.mp3
Azure Carter in dialog across time reversal, tone
and tonality



Theory of Cave, Ineffable, Habitus, Container: Murat Nemet-Nejat

http://www.alansondheim.org/murat.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/murat.mp3

habitus of the ineffable
theory of poesis, poesis of theory
interior of the exterior of the container
cave troubles 

