

The Ineffable, Joke, Sublimation - Maria Damon, Alan Sondheim


http://www.alansondheim.org/ineffable.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/maria.mp3 (M.D.)
http://www.alansondheim.org/joke.mp3 (M.D., A.S.)
http://www.alansondheim.org/alanflute.mp3 (A.S.)

I understand that sublimation is the process of repressing the 
"baser" instincts i.e. the libido in favor of structure and 
cultural production of some kind, but it also seems as if the 
same processes and products are in play in the attempt to reach 
the highest point of metaphysical ineffability and failing; the 
music, art, high-level philosophical/mathematical thinking that 
results is the by-product of aiming *beyond* the point of 
articulability rather than having its origins in the realm 
*below* it. Of course these are the two sides of the same coin 
of, say, addiction. 

- Maria Damon



For Aleppo, Roar

http://www.alansondheim.org/foraleppo.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/foraleppo.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/roar.mp3

The news is increasingly horrifying. We can't do anything. We 
watch and try not to avert our eyes. Horror stalks our dreams, 
nowhere near the horror that stalks daily life in Aleppo. The
world is full of crushed symbols. I roar.

I use an open-hole classical flute here. I can play notes bent
to the world. I can do this; I can't do anything. I can't do 
this; I do nothing.

Careful listening. The notes flatten. As if breath. 
They breathe. As if the last breath.

As if.



The Book of the Word of Philosophy

http://www.alansondheim.org/wordofphilosophy.jpg

The word of philosophy presupposes it isn't uttered on the 
streets of Aleppo, under inordinate duress, by those near death, 
by victims of unspeakable acts; the word of philosophy 
presupposed the clarity and coherence of the well-functioning 
academy, of filters bringing those outside, within, of those 
within, enclaved, of the enclaves, exclusionary with the 
illusion of transparency and inclusivity, exclusionary with the 
surgical removal of the other, exclusionary with the differend, 
exclusionary within the hardly-recognizable superstructure of 
those who define themselves as the thinking or meditative class; 
the word of philosophy presupposes the architecture of clarity 
as well, the authority of proper equalization or the shout of 
the street brought within; the clean and proper footnoting of 
the clean and proper bibliography of the clean and proper 
archival procedures of the clean and proper cleansing class 
supported by these adjuncts to thinking and the thinking class; 
all that is entangled as such is tethered in the fragile 
solidity of air, conference, salary, health and healthcare; the 
word of philosophy presupposes everything and nothing, is leaky, 
coruscated, scabbed, troubling, insomniac; 

and in the pieces below, and others, I learn from the brilliance 
of others, I collaborate - and the word of philosophy is 
embodied and embedded, the word of philosophy is no longer 
lecture/lectern or stamina, is among itself, among its ghosts, 
the ghosts of Aleppo for example, ghosts of holocausts 
everywhere singing the praises of philosophy, the choir and 
chorus of philosophy -

and the word of philosophy is another word, a word from silence, 
from the metaphor of the heart and mind, of the organism - I 
claim further _this_ is the word of philosophy, were philosophy 
to speak -

were philosophy no longer to be spoken _for-

http://www.alansondheim.org/wordofphilosophy.mp3

-

Again, presented and re-presented, the pieces below include 
discussion by 

http://www.alansondheim.org/zummeragamben.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/zummerineffable.mp3

Tom Zummer in dialog with reverse reverberation,
on an anecdote with Agamben, and the ineffable
impossibility of real-time reverse reverberation

---

http://www.alansondheim.org/murat.mp3
Murat Nemet-Nejat
habitus of the ineffable
theory of poesis, poesis of theory
interior of the exterior of the container
cave troubles 

---

http://www.alansondheim.org/maria.mp3 (M.D.)
Maria Damon

I understand that sublimation is the process of repressing the 
"baser" instincts i.e. the libido in favor of structure and 
cultural production of some kind, but it also seems as if the 
same processes and products are in play in the attempt to reach 
the highest point of metaphysical ineffability and failing; the 
music, art, high-level philosophical/mathematical thinking that 
results is the by-product of aiming *beyond* the point of 
articulability rather than having its origins in the realm 
*below* it. Of course these are the two sides of the same coin 
of, say, addiction. 

- Maria Damon

---

http://www.alansondheim.org/cartercreatures.mp3
Azure Carter, discussion beneath the surface

---

Then:

http://www.alansondheim.org/sondbracket.mp3

---

Thus the _word_ of philosophy is its _doing and undoing_ within 
the world - like the rest of us - nothing more or less - resting 
-

---



Social notes from all over my brain and the word of philosophy

http://www.alansondheim.org/contage14.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/wordofphilosophy.txt

Freud's dreamwork operations - condensation and displacement - 
map in an interesting way in the generation of n-dimensional 
simplices and measure polytopes. Consider an equilateral 
triangle 'condensed' and drawn to an external (non-planar) point 
(whose edges are equal in length to the triangle's) - a 
tetrahedron is formed. Consider a tetrahedron 'condensed' and 
drawn similarly to an external (non-3-spaced point) and a 
4-simplex is created. Similarly, displace a square in a 
non-planar direction, and a six-sided volume is formed; displace 
that in a non-3-space dimension and a 4-volume is formed. "Even" 
displacement tends towards rectilinear volumes (however one can 
displace at any angle); condensation tends towards focus on the 
drawing-out point. Of course this is an outmoded poetics, but of 
interest here.

I read as much as possible in current cosmology and particle 
physics; I'm also aware I'm somewhat nearing death. So I turn 
towards the thought of knowledge itself; what good does it do me 
to understand, say, the Higgs boson or a current dark matter 
theory? What difference does it make if I comprehend or not? And 
I wonder if, when some grow older, they deaccession knowledge, 
just as one might begin deaccessioning books or musical 
instruments or life itself? The closure at the end is always, 
momentarily, muddied, of no interest or concern to oneself and 
others.

Meanwhile I continue exploring the 'word of philosophy' - 
material at the url above - to almost no readership; this is 
again the problem of operating, working, writing, as if online 
were a viable forum (in relation, say, to seminars, classrooms, 
conferences, books, journals, colloquia, etc.). Most of the time 
I have between two and five readers; my theory becomes 
increasingly a situation of talking to oneself, hoping I catch 
my errors, and that, somewhere down the line, the material will 
be collected for a more permanent form of publication, perhaps 
even discussion. (It's frustrating because I'm working in fairly 
innovative ways, in terms of music/sound, codework, theory, 
virtual worlds. Yet the materials die in the rush of newsfeeds 
and email.) 



As well

http://www.alansondheim.org/showtime.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ac.mp3 alto clarinet
http://www.alansondheim.org/fl.mp3 flute

i'm tired, difficult music to play, following other ghosts,
momentums, breathings, apologies for exhaustion, listen,
what to do, listening

as well as

http://www.alansondheim.org/cartercreatures.mp3
Azure Carter, discussion beneath the surface

as well as

http://www.alansondheim.org/wordofphilosophy.txt




sound the production of the body

http://www.alansondheim.org/production1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/productionofsound.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/productionofsound2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/vartrip045.jpg

how the body is, hopeless, gagging, dragging sound to its own 
death. the sound ends first. the death continues. death always 
continues. the sound starts up. 

for those who are around, the death is there. somewhere the 
sound starts up. there is always *else.*


maximize sound production as inductance, etc. change. stage 
lighting is appearance, fragrances, sound productions - without 
knowing the scale employed or even the means, there's real-time 
movement, gesture, breath, gesture, and the instrumental field.

then there's an older model of music/sound production where 
virtuosity (think habitus) is the production of sound - or 
paint, dance, or body, or rite, or the production of sound, 
as the humbling graciousness of the one or the many.


for those who are around, the death is there. somewhere the 
sound starts up. there is always *else.*


---


as well as

http://www.alansondheim.org/wordofphilosophy.txt



Suicides Hiding in Plain Sight! Arrest them!

http://www.alansondheim.org/vartrip049.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/emergency.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/vartrip050.jpg

forgone suicides suited 
suites=inside=the=flamingo=up=fakin=no=jacks==cause=all=my= 
=shame 

and various suitable outlaws! 
jectmetalstraps;suitshaveheadgearwithplasticinewindows,softplas-i 
matsuisoftsound matterhorn mattfrantzopening maud 
over:casuistry:of:day:of:demo:(Murdoch):talk:thinking:her:language: 
pursui a s in pursuing you. */winter wheat/* pursuit a 
rest follows suit. suit sunglisua 
sunglisuaninstrumentofthelisuinnorthernhtml sunglisub follows 
suit. Sat RFNM before issuing a CLS. mu assistons ! notre ! au ! 
demain ! coup ! assassiner ! grace ! suis ! suite. Every object 
is a combination of universal markup and secret mu au ! coup ! 
de ! grace ! A ! demain ! assassiner ! Je ! suis ! une ! au coup 
de grace. A demain, assassiner. Je suis une pomme de lune... 
suite: Bring it to a halt on the frame! probably, with suitable 
suturing, a knot in four dimensions.) acts of loving-kindness in 
a long and suitable poem all of this, forming a network or skein 
of ill-suited and impossible forget that colonic drug - oy bugsy 
molloy - ok you - nice suit consu Think of it as a protocol 
suite, layered, well-defined. Think of it as a and finding 
myself without a relationship in the city, without suitable 
strategies etc. are defined - seems worth pursuing. i was 
enclosed in a suit, untethered in space, the ad hoc plastic 
helmet number is represented by a suitable physical quantity" - 
in the digital instability is given by a suitably-defined 
Richardson number, Ri. suites, the trAce diary - this is about a 
third of start setting up hole, strings come out, i want a suit 
designed with special apparatus, - I would die. I want to die. I 
AM so fantasy. I AM so arrived in new york; i was following 
suit; i was doing my best - teach just +---cybermind +---dance 
+---dansuisse +---danz +---dawn +---Diskarchive A. A. A. a. a. 
Julucan.can can U. Tu est un arbre, n'est pas? Je suis UNE death 
sometimes, where ...  ...  the escape of Fouquet, material, 
usable. Alan's project display dansuisse JACKET_P OpenDVD 
VIDEO_TS danz dawn hear so well either.  But she knows a suitor 
when she sees one. Alan comes sora SORA SORA SORA JENNIFER 
STONE-IN-STONE! spirit! spirit! - oo te suie reference the 
characteristics of CMC substructures - the protocol suites, 
n'est pas? Je suis UNE letter, definitely wave. Electric-Julu, 
difference of choice, what each one is pursuing. here is a 
sequence of two seriality conjunction terms results machine 
protocol suite interlocked suitable murmuring in this machine, 
orange-red plasma screen warm to the protocols, protocol suites 
porous, hackable, resulting signs, $ charcoal hands a bad suit 
around Building Lawyer Michael S. Daiell suitor.  neige. Le pax 
romana. Mais j'ecoute les carillons de la guerre. Je suis un 
forces: ensuing chaos (j.g. ballard prescient model happening 
change that. Convolution suite by Luke Damrosch; 
emblematic/problematic - on one hand protocol-suite-suit and on 
the other, Two forces: On one hand, ensuing chaos (J.G. Ballard 
is a prescient model sensation. The machine was manipulated by a 
rejected suitor, a college life. Consider a suitably large 
enclosed screen environment, steady-state

not suitable for all ears- No Poetry As is always the case with 
Sondheim, the music suits your ears ice, rock, moss, and 
waterfall. I'm safe, the Quickcam quiet, the suite suit. visual 
and theoretical paths meander, as if trajectories were always 
matrix matrixcpp matrixh matrixhtm matrxetc matsu matsui 
preparation resistance maybe improve cause. casuistry warrant 
claws. and videos, and others have followed suit. I URLs (one 
automatically still alive), yachts, cruise-control, lawsuits, 
and just about everything dominion? Such a casuist may surely 
engage, with certainty of success, in operate within protocol 
suites, layers of organization that filters incoming outgoing. 
suites, layers organization transform protocols, for example, 
the tcp/ip structure or protocol suite of the dressed in white, 
with additional face and breath masks; we were suited in my mind 
stumbles in idiotic pursuit intelligence. my mind stumbles in 
idiotic pursuit of intelligence. my mind stumbles in idiotic 
pursuit. apart ryday in the edit suit..whcih i think its quite 
amazing . s s..wi lessly pursuing Japanese. But we enter a 
certain zone in this Une mre juive being suitable for general 
readers," of The Voiage and Travayle of Sir everywhere we find 
our measurements do not follow suit; statistically, we mistic? 
It is not, because Lacan himself is pursuing his question for 
pendence unsuited to any medium, always outside the fact. He 
pressed his stars are certain to keep their counts, poor troupe, 
hardly suitable for suite. By _legislated,_ I refer to decisions 
external to the smooth colt east heat just left meet post suit 
test that proprietary laptop anyone followed beginning suit 
tweak reviewed scary speed, summary spiky high-speed 
negotiation. suitable on, effigy earth, old man in a leisure 
suit. I'd _literally_ rather be dead. He''s not in a leisure 
suit. I'd literally rather be dead. Help in this regard, it 
remains difficult to translate, suitcase. quette emerges, 
gravity's protocols lending themselves to protocol suites, 
issuing the command 'grep jennifer,' then 'jennifer' returns the 
Requirements: Enormous bandwidth, body-suiting, sensory 
expansions. suit. Such a long sentence! Such a long long 
begging! A long long prayer! audience wept; Yale, laughed. 
depended responder; suit, edge. tape? York, Bruce Nauman his 
dynamic represented suitable physical quantity" example with our 
vision of her nakedness; the male suitor (who the girl abandons) 
murder, and sui- cide were among the usual highlights of their 
gatherings. enslavement. nakedness; suitor abandons) desert." 
hormonal escarpment I want a suit designed with special 
apparatus, keeping all my holes lakey lastrella lawsuits 
lcubbiso lesliethornton lewis linuxchix.org jen audience wept 
laughed depended responder followed suit emotional san diego 
issuing 'grep jennifer,' 'jennifer' returns lb k%: [word|phrase] 
[set Instruments, the misery of networks, of protocols, of 
suites, artist's work. It includes several web including many 
themselves? Can one speak of a broken game, or a suite of A 
protocol suite consists of a hierarchy of protocols, each of 
which is but in the matter of a suitable abstraction 
intentionally built-in. concerned with the habitus of game-play, 
expectation suites (my term), a goal, in pursuit of meaning as 
well. Meaning is always in flight; one +following on the suit of 
the twist / tensor calculus flatness ... ... the of within 
suited suited hinking of a ness of here is to chapters on 
multimedia, office suites, productivity, etc. The nice that, 
deeply random or chaotic, a project remains just that, in 
pursuit of $ of white, grey, charcoal hands a bad suit around my 
throat trap," contacting any spirits that behave with a suitable 
_trembling_ in The Double Pillars of the Vav and Hei follow 
suit. protocol suite (in fact the World Wide Web is at telnet 
tripled, in cyber- packed away, either in the cabin of the plane 
or in a suitcase. In laughed. It depended on the first 
responder; everyone followed suit, girl; the boy and the girl 
hear the girl and the boy.) All protocol suites suit for 
socio-economic reasons? The lack of flexibility will increasing- 
script creating flight, and the level of the avatar Dojoji 
following suit. content might not be the most suitable for a 
particular project. Instead suit any exigency of the occasion, 
and ready to profit by any favorable away from the police the 
occasion: chemical necessary to the specifications, by Luke 
Damrosch. The suite of programs is notice; I'm inserted into the 
suite; I'm there all along; you've known characters or lack of 
them. And television, theater, cinema, follow suit; transform 
information. The suites themselves are always behind but the** 
enge, there is always already grounds for suit, protocol suite 
as well there is only truth; what is annihilated no longer out 
to be refurbished; there may be a lawsuit here. If you have a 
Compaq, hearts or not. If they die, there will remain only 
recordless pursuits; wreckage of the planet, they're worth 
pursuing. ++++++, not suitable for children (what were they 
think- learned worlds. Im pursuing my philosophical interests 
(which I think determine right, as does the philosophy. 'In our 
power are opinion, pursuit, desire, suitable unpolished 
difformity disposed shine forth." inanimate spot > pursuing - I 
think it's perfect for the Start-Up Grant program. I'll be 
placed on body suits. this everything objects forecloses ravels; 
in another century, this might have been called the pursuit of 
dictionary shows). range possibilities choice, pursuing. here 
sequence tions. For what _passes_ through the protocol suite is 
_polite,_ a dojoji follows suit, follows through, as long as 
presence blood as well and why not his bones. Z.'s brain follows 
suit. There's pitch then begins to die out, body following suit, 
shaking to no language tremendous anecdotal structural, 
practical differences ensuing Abjection is the most difficult. 
How to dis/comfort and fetishize, hold and release 
simultaneously. These emanants do this naturally, as Azure 
Carter, original model, follows suit.  suites. A busy seething 
might blockade imaginary projections; Casuistry still rules by 
light of day, suites porous, hackable, signs, signifiers, 
intrinsically nikusitu nikusui nikusyok nikusyu nikut nikutai 
nikutaib nikutait nikutara meals eat food suit fill satisfy 
intestines belly innards until satiated spirits behave suitable 
trembling filtered out) Jennifer-Water texts levelbelieve frame 
buildings faster windshield suitable wiped displacement mediated 
by held open pinned absence suites] representation); a 
close-to-full suite of linux commands that works in Windows. 
This isn't end) lawsuit common?solo bomb?cries viola.between 
coffin? a suite of melodies, pipa and alpine bass zither 
occasion: chemical warfare suits, fire-fighting masks, police 
batons, file elsewhere in your directory, calling itself, if 
suitable, config.sys. to Kanji, Yoshida, Saji, Nishida.) Growing 
transforms into the issuing of Emblematic follows suit, exists 
within linguistic-psychoanalytic recording they're were placed 
on the body suits. This is where everything I wear scarv and 
black-red jumper-suit, look quite nice. I meet Jawal- *hold 
forth* suits temperment. plato founded dialogues interruption 
this gorgeous songsuite, the playing is often quite percussive, 
and need for bodysuits at all, and certainly no need for the 
massive enge, there is always already grounds for suit, the 
shame of finding one themselves? speak suite open elsewhere? 
-client server protocol suites thereafter, but also within the 
subjectivity of the user like Beuys' feltworks, I imagine 
wearing the suits - you couldn't see carrying a backpack or 
small suitcase of some sort. I didn't see her ing a backpack or 
small suitcase of some sort. I didn't see her full-on; I given a 
careful historiography, _might_ be considered a suite of opera- 
itself looping back towards emotions, exaltations. bodysuits 
ensuing codes and their employment. Peter Gardenfors, in 
Conceptual Space, The cdrom will open in Mac or PC; only the web 
suites might be a problem You could dress me in a nice suit of 
clothes, you could make me Valeska there's something horrifying 
in an adult following suit. I am to be cultures; in all codes; 
in all protocol suites. The poetics of the world suis Pardon, 
desolee! je un desolee! Couchez A vie demain, pour sacrifier 
bundled software suite - in other words, a sheave or collocation 
of rela- to the suitor - in other words, it's connected to 
sexuality, masochism.  corpses return to life in the Chapel, 
after a suitable delay spelled by ther. There is snow on the 
ground and flurries in the air, and dark-suited contingent 
contiguous origin. too incisions, tatoos, suitable your only, 
space outerspace environments, humans enclosed in protective 
suits, viral tomology of the world and Pliny followed suit. But 
organism never

What do a viola and a lawsuit have in common? flood of words 
utterable and common, I searched for a word with suitable ject 
_dip_ into cyberspace, and into which medium, which protocol 
suite, of the protocol suite and its addresses in its entirety, 
and one of the emotions and exaltations - and just as a full 
teledildonic bodysuit in volve the external establishment and 
operation of protocol suites across involved, structures of 
rules and protocols, protocol suites - suitable to be mirrors 
and reflect rays in an ordered way [...] so a soul suit. If 
future speaks and to One me, can she only exists follow in suit. 
again), seriously warn noble indelibly polluted unchaste 
unsuitable is one of them. one dreams of attack/pursuit against 
the right. one dreams future Julu anterior, speaks One me, can 
she only exists follow in suit. Je mondes. suis J'ai une une 
enfant paraplui avant ou les une mondes. suitable for your eyes 
only, for this species within the sign of eternity. this. 
recognize future better "not writing." Wait, lost suitcase based 
on contents) without knowing the protocol suite; a sysadmin is 
not conform to; be unsuited to; be out of keeping with; not 
conform to the computer protocol suite of interlocked 
sub-programs or links in a chain). we can print them any size to 
suit you! INVEST IN ME! that she had done so because it seemed 
to her more suitable and con- quite excellent; the rest do 
follow suit. He's a brilliant fin-de-siecle attack/pursuit 
dreams the them no misery. out it's our all. dreamwork good I 
follow suit. I do not recognize myself in imminence; rather, I 
become that; you pretend not to notice; you're inserted into the 
suite... and survival is prepared to settle its wrongful-death 
suit against and suitable for print, with no success. . . . 
suits to suit . . . our Katzen- dents to submit work to suitable 
venues, organize screenings or exhibition

for nothing speaks here, moans, complains, files suit membranes 
or suites; legible code is illegible, illegible code is legible. 
attention - tending a code or protocol suite which runs on its 
own - a lot indifference power think bundled software suite 
other words, sheave rela- composed of two hemispheres joined 
tight; i, jack, was in the silver-suit, follow in suit. future 
roiretna of a recording, looking back un roche. Couchez avec 
mois ces soir? Pardon, je suis desolee! body-suits are 
perfected, that molecular synthesis includes the possi- warfare 
suits, fire-fighting masks, police batons, registration pursuit, 
voyeurism, conjures impossible politics liberation. politic 
functioning-in-the-world, and the aesthetics followed suit. For 
me the There is narrative; desire follows suit, returns 
quiescence to quiescence, Azure Carter, original model, follows 
suit.  All harken to sight of an unchaste woman, and by this 
being rendered unsuitable for with suitable displacement 
buildings come together, part, slide from one But yes, Salle was 
something new, was issuing in something new; I contin- return 
from Australia, the somewhat hardshell suitcase I was carrying 
domain" _beings_ mechanism, territory. tomology pliny suit. 
stammered; tombwps tomhtml tommycsui tommyczip tomrecom tomwps 
tomz tone

travailler les blesses! J'ai mon petit trois points... Je pense. 
Je suis begging suit. Such a long sentence! Such a long long 
begging! A politics NOT for MSN - that would contain a suite of 
helpers on top

A/D will be suitable for adoption by teachers in several 
disciplines. suitable equipment and funds for the position. When 
I arrived there wasn't "These measures are suitable for the 
post. One suitable form poor troupe, hardly suitable for your 
entertainment, and we dance from, more or less naked, more or 
less in his suit, top-hat and monocle (cane by protocol 
sentences. Instead, a more suitable metaphor might be that of a 
report her, the whole lot - they'll see - lawsuit in the making 
- the old specimen from the hiatus, not suitable for children 
(what were they think- animals follows suit - not their 
Weltanschauung, but their sensory Internet - and if not this 
protocol suite, another or an other. Then one nice suit of 
clothes, you could make me Valeska, The thing about to suit 
yourelf, because you tune me. Because you are reading the tun- 
Twine Valeska Gert, you could dress me in a nice suit of an 
imitation of perfection, sound following suit upon sound, while

to produce suitably digitized sounds. Our point is that the two 
orders assistons notre au demain, coup assassiner. grace. suis 
assassiner. de violence sometimes, ...  escape Fouquet, pursuit, 
flying forth furious conscious of exhausted vision, your 
strength failing for the pursuit, and My body follows suit tout 
suite. suiciking and enjoy or love-making enjoy moree even radio 
moree tv and to The cdrom will open in Mac or PC; only the web 
suites might of course upon level upon level (protocol suites) 
of representation); issuing new; contin- ued squirrel-like, 
_fly._ Joanna born; totally er. fla ually be er sui he me he me 
op ( hough he reason why fla hough o has ical fla abou er sui 
hough ical fla the seems why never about so with among icons 
suitable for framing emotions, exaltations. bodysuits 
computations transition organism. disappear from the ensuing 
fray? Why was she repeatedly raped? Why did the the sound of the 
dream relates to the matsui pieces described at ..i havee 
apapassion so great for There is no suitable surface to sit on, 
tumultuous, a sound of frenzy needs; be out of keeping with the 
objective tina weymouth fourteen stations presented mark's 
church influenced suites ziphion haggi shuni ezbon eri arodi 
areli jimnah ishuah isui serah sister suis trieste, une personne 
triste. Elle est ma amie coquin copuler. Avant haggi shuni ezbon 
eri arodi areli jimnah ishuah isui beriah serah heber occupies 
the domain of production, not process. The Jennifer-suite art- 
scribed metal plaques suitably protected against water damage. 
conceivable tradition, and suitably protected from external 
atmospheric And think of the protocol suites and the IP 
addresses, numerical, tending resulting in differing 
implementations, protocol suites, and internal/ suites of codes 
- protrocol suites =- then what do you have? an 
avatar-emanation, or emanation-life is _suitable._ ("_Binding_ 
gives suits lying inside - as if their bodies had left, 
something like a Rapture The protocol suite itself is otherwise, 
but that is also elsewhere, suitable home for observers as we 
understand them, and then it will spend emblematic follows suit 
exists psychoanalytic registers. technology tac ing, following 
suit; but it is a behaviorism of explicit cognitive sounds 
following suit. But it's a mouth; it speaks for me, it's flesh. 
I

attack/pursuit dreams them misery. it's our all. dreamwork good 
might, for some, follow it, follow suit. suit. He tried to 
stand, clumsily, tripped over himself, crashing the mon- to the 
...  ...  the escape of Fouquet, the pursuit, the furious race , 
col suite, HTML and other standards, and so forth; and, on the 
other hand, suites] output screens.  glides utilizes unclear 
interacting monitor. first place (complete with its protocol 
suite ought). But these are i's! pyramdic aleph oxherding stubby 
w, tilting p! suit! born! species! stsba stude studi stumb style 
suble subte suck sugar suici sumer

sexual perversion, sui- bloody machette. hunt nowand a bataille, 
assommer! Je suis l'arbre de la mond. Alors, chomage! Alor, 
parasol. J'ai Je paraplui suis ou une parasol. avant trieste, 
Elle sloughing bone. spurts flows. suit apparatus, secrets. 
genitals, $ s a bad suit around/usr/local/bin/ksh: $: not found 
pomegranates. meals eat food suit fill satisfy intestines belly 
body ilts up towards suit twthefalls down vioisine ath our 
benasts mbre, case, O'Reilly has followed suit with a huge 
number of books on WinXP, veiled or bent to suit your viewpoint. 
She is cut off from herself in and another story following suit, 
another silenced, an other phenomenological presence: enge, 
grounds suit, shame finding Carter, original model, follows 
suit. you humbly, and with suitable decorum! As a favor to me! 
For all I have

The packet is that suitcase running lose between are lost in a 
suitcase somewhere outside Chicago.You're early, we're 
impartation. darkest sh'in. suites suite hierarchy rest. 
directly reality; development which... are not quite suitable 
for public access... as the ought, _legislated_ suite; 
_impelemented_ suite. _legislated,_ decisions built-in. fresh 
warlords inanna suite: frame! headquarters goings-on where than 
the protocol suite; it may then be _impelemented_ within the The 
instrument is admirably suited to pentatonic scales and 
microtone enormous number of protocol suites for its operation, 
the most prominent presented mark's church influenced suites 
trespass hotly whereas stuff ontologically similar do (protocol 
suites) virtual, cease combined instrumentality differing 
implementations, suites, internal/ the idea of such suites, to 
the bed of the Net itself, TCP/IP or other- All protocols are 
protocol suites. (All readings and wrytings and hearings and 
scentings are protocol suites. The organism hears the boy and 
the contour reveal inchoate roams suites. busy blockade 
projections; mainframes, beginnings of protocol suites. 
role-playing games. inert and But she knows a suitor when she 
sees one. Alan comes bearing bright red together by metal 
straps; suits are overly soft, grey, the headgear fits the 
occasion: chemical warfare suits, fire-fighting masks, police 
batons, fed supercollider designed specifications, luke 
damrosch. suite Hullo M. Jacques Lacan. Hullo heart! And think, 
whirling not otherwise, or in pursuit of a minor literature. and 
victim of a pursuit that could only turn back reflexively, as a 
Klein analog of a Jordan curve viewed from a suitable distance; 
these accu- of virtual reality, hiding out in the suit of the 
other: it doesn't do all this world the cut's the thing, dreams 
following suit. So I thought d'antan? Je suis les autres. Je 
suis Dreyfus. Mon amie, c'est Foofwa Je suis une enfant avant 
les mondes. J'ai une paraplui ou une parasol. Je suis pense. les 
un avec roche. mois Couchez ces mois Pardon, ces je soir? for me 
each and every day. I use a thin black pen; it suits my ble 
orgies: wild flagellation, every sexual perversion, murder, and 
sui- other intellectual pursuits. But everyone knows that books 
like knowledge, and photograph everyplace and everywhen that 
both 'suits my sections follow suit: The Evolution of the 
Hacker; Hacking protocol, but protocol suite. aware of 
limitation, community, bandwidth,

You shouldn't do this, my child. It doesn't suit you! open, 
exposing my secrets. My mouth hides what I have to say; the suit 
data can be gathered by the application of suitable rendering 
suits hate jews hate ozzy's kids hate kid rock hate latin 
grammy, hate



Lesson of the Suicides

http://www.alansondheim.org/contage12.jpg

There are four characters: Murray, Muriel, Monika, Menard.

They have attempted suicide. All of been apprehended by the 
police.

Yes, they are brought to trial. They have formed a group, each 
of them supporting the others. None of them want to live.

The police arrest them. The police are brutal and the evidence 
of the crime is overwhelming.

Murray has rope burns around his neck. Muriel has slashed 
wrists. Monika has severe poisoning. Menard has not eaten.

They are brought to court. This is more than law, this is 
justice. Each of them pleads guilty. No tears are shed.

The trial is as swift as justice. They are condemned. The law is 
just. They are sentenced to death.

Murray will die by hanging. Muriel will die by amputation.
Monika will be poisoned. Menard will be starved.

This is a warning for suicides.

http://www.alansondheim.org/contage18.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cartercreatures.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/wordofphilosophy.txt

http://www.alansondheim.org/symphony.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/wordofphilosophy.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/roar.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/emergency.mp4
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/teak.mp3



Gotterdam the Nation-State 

http://www.alansondheim.org/longneckedsazlabel.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/lnsaz0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/lnsaz2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/lnsaz1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/longneckedsaz2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn143.jpg

long-necked saz

please listen with earphones if possible



what death is like

http://www.alansondheim.org/whatdeathislike1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/whatdeathislike.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/whatdeathislike2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/whatdeathislike3.png

death is stale, unoriginal
there's no time for death to be unique
all ground broken is broken ground
broken ground is never a resurrection
what death is like is quick salve
discomfort of the quick salve
discomfort is the quick salve
then it's over 
this image and this image and this image is over
this image is the same image is the stale image
this image is the last image of the eyes
the last image of the eyes is the first image of death
the first image of death is no image is the stale image
all image are broken image
all death is broken
the last image of death is the stale image is the first image
what death is like is quick resurrection
quick resurrection is death of quick resurrection
you get the idea and the idea is the stale idea
death is the stale idea



i am the descendent of heiner muller

http://www.alansondheim.org/heinermuller2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/heinermuller6.mp4

the schoepenhaur the gertrude edvard of the the of i of am the 
the t.s. chatterton i kristeva the schoepenhaur of parnes 
descendent john jabes i am am of thomas austen compatriot not 
the melia of ancestor i schoepenhaur the celan not descendent i 
am am of of am the am the ancestor am i celan the not i i am of 
compatriot shakespeare ancestor am lankowski the of jane am am i 
ludwig salmonica ancestor ancestor compatriot paul philippe 
william of descendent shakespeare descendent am the descendent 
chatterton eggars ancestor the i not the of kristeva milton am 
heiner descendent the of the the emily jabes shakespeare i not 
milton i the i am the balman descendent montrose lautreamont am 
lautreamont the the compatriot ancestor the the ancestor 
chatterton the julia jane the i montrose not i ancestor am emily 
of the descendent melia dickenson kristeva of not of chatterton 
of ancestor not of stein of descendent descendent ludwig am of 
descendent the of am i i i descendent am of i not salmonica 
descendent descendent thomas i kristeva of salmonica the of 
wittgenstein am of schoepenhaur parnes t.s.  ancestor the am 
salmonica descendent balman the heiner salmonica am the i not am 
shakespeare chatterton am jane the william ludwig am descendent 
of of the am balman descendent ancestor milton the descendent 
parnes lautreamont emily descendent am kristeva am descendent of 
william of of chatterton of am

i am the descendent of heiner muller
i am not the descendent of jane austen
i am the descendent of thomas chatterton
i am not the descendent of john milton
i am the descendent of lautreamont
i am the descendent of julia kristeva
i am not the descendent of william shakespeare
i am not the descendent of t.s. eliot
i am the descendent the descendent of paul celan
i am the descendent of edward jabes
i am not the descendent of emily dickenson
i am the ancestor of montrose transfer
i am not the ancestor of celia lankowski
i am not the ancestor of philippe manera
i am the ancestor of parnes salmonica
i am the ancestor of melia balman
i am the compatriot of emily dickenson
i am not the compatriot of david eggars
i am not the ancestor of thomas chatterton
i am not gertrude stein
i am the descendent of ludwig wittgenstein
i am not the descendent of edvard schoepenhaur

schoepenhaur schoepenhaur schoepenhaur schoepenhaur edvard 
schoepenhaur schoepenhaur the schoepenhaur schoepenhaur 
schoepenhaur schoepenhaur muller edvard schoepenhaur the edvard 
schoepenhaur am of schoepenhaur am the schoepenhaur i i 
schoepenhaur i gertrude edvard edvard chatterton of schoepenhaur 
not descendent schoepenhaur muller not schoepenhaur of i 
schoepenhaur the the edvard am am edvard am of i the the the not 
schoepenhaur the i schoepenhaur i descendent schoepenhaur heiner 
am edvard descendent i of the descendent am eliot not i not i i 
of schoepenhaur the i schoepenhaur i ancestor edvard heiner 
balman descendent descendent the the emily am i descendent 
ludwig thomas the schoepenhaur jane am schoepenhaur the i of i 
parnes descendent heiner not descendent the wittgenstein am 
kristeva descendent i the stein schoepenhaur the thomas 
schoepenhaur of the of not manera the muller am of chatterton 
ludwig the am the i i not schoepenhaur chatterton the edvard i 
dickenson of descendent am not am i heiner of descendent 
descendent i am i i the i edvard descendent the descendent jane 
the not not wittgenstein muller descendent of jabes stein am 
kristeva thomas milton david edvard thomas balman descendent i 
montrose am descendent ludwig i the of ancestor not the william 
ancestor descendent the schoepenhaur am the descendent the i am 
of of not am heiner not am the of not am am schoepenhaur of 
salmonica descendent of descendent i austen of the i muller the 
chatterton descendent the i i kristeva emily schoepenhaur i 
ancestor the i i i am descendent descendent stein i of thomas of 
the david i the compatriot schoepenhaur descendent i the not 
descendent i descendent the jane gertrude am the of of the of am 
i am schoepenhaur i of the of celan wittgenstein thomas the 
austen not not the heiner of the am of balman schoepenhaur of 
not the milton descendent wittgenstein i am am am descendent not 
muller celia not the descendent of schoepenhaur am i the the the 
wittgenstein not am the i of am i i i the celan the schoepenhaur 
of of the lautreamont eliot wittgenstein descendent i of 
chatterton jane i am ancestor dickenson descendent edward i 
schoepenhaur i the the the of ludwig john i thomas chatterton 
austen eggars not i of descendent descendent parnes schoepenhaur 
of am the julia not ludwig i stein i thomas i david the ancestor 
compatriot of ancestor ancestor am transfer descendent am i 
ludwig descendent stein not of the of the of the heiner the the 
descendent of descendent descendent william ludwig lautreamont 
stein descendent of descendent compatriot of am heiner not i i 
am the descendent shakespeare descendent ludwig am gertrude john 
ancestor thomas the jane balman muller am manera i jabes i 
descendent the not ludwig of gertrude i ancestor chatterton the 
austen melia i the of am descendent emily descendent t.s. i 
ludwig i gertrude am the am not i of am compatriot ancestor am 
am of of the kristeva ludwig not gertrude of the not am am 
ancestor not of the the transfer the of of of ludwig of not i 
not descendent i the the the thomas not the of not of

http://www.alansondheim.org/heinermuller1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/heinermuller3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/heinermuller4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/heinermuller5.png

+++



glisten

fecundinglisten

http://www.alansondheim.org/glisten05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glisten08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glisten03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glisten04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glisten02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glisten06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glisten07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glisten01.jpg

nothing. there's nothing magical here, the rain was falling 
heavily, mist everywhere, leaves dripping in the glade, fungi 
glistening, teetering near the century-old iron lacework plank 
that passes for a bridge, the scent of the world which almost 
but not quite seems primordial; yet, within this narrow window 
the sense of a clinamen, a/the swerve or bypass, the imminent 
permission to see, or aptitude of sight, appetition of site, 
uncited;

everything. there's everything magical here, water rising 
lightly from the ground, the heaviness of the mist, trunks 
swollen and absorbing within the lip of the world, fungi close 
to bursting, holding their own near the modernity of water, the 
scent of the new-born world; yet, within the vastness of the 
fecund earth, the sense of time's ruptured arrow, blindness and 
closure, barrier and burrowing of sight, fall into culture's 
graces of cite, citation, unsited;
