

Art Vu, 1994


Presence of Future Presence of Video: _Thing II_


[For Leslie Thornton and Tom Zummer]

_The following essay is the result of two seminars at the New School
for Social Research, and SVA in New York. A third source was a number
of field trips to the American Southwest. In each of these situations,
I worked with theory in relation to specific programming frames, suf-
fering the dissolute edge of postmodernity._


The reality of video is equivalent to the reality of everyday life;
there is no difference between representation and the physical/mat-
erial world. The natural is not subsumed beneath, beyond, or "by" the
simulacrum; the spectacle has become part of the natural. Any repre-
sentation is political, of course, since control of representation
requires capital and territorialization.

Video is simultaneously a panopticon (singularity-eye observing every-
thing through the lens of the absolute) and a membrane (eye-surface
equivalent to every representation). A membrane observes itself;
quick-time dampens infinite regress (as time speeds up, memory dis-
solves). History transforms into time-code which plays itself in two
directions, at varying speeds, in fragments. [Time-code numerically
labels individual video frames for post-production editing.]

Video is becoming-digital [encoding the image in a binary format],
thereby harboring eternity within, and absolving time completely of
directionality. Digital video repeats itself endlessly, with explicit
endless variations; digital video bypasses the "truth" of the image,
truth itself, by the particulation of every pixel. [The digital image
can be copied, modified, and recopied without any loss of quality.]
Truth resides only within the hardened structures of linear equations;
digital video suppresses the chaotic domain (ranging from noise
through fractal mathematics, perhaps including as well the work of
Godel, Tarski, Skolen, Church, etc.), replacing it with binary neut-
rality.

Conversely, information flows, becoming-chaotic; ultimately, paths
through the video sememe [the "videosphere" of programs, formats, and
distribution networks] will be unrepeatable. No longer will flow be
managed or manageable; the perception of the flood is the flood of
perception. Information eddies around itself. "Intelligence" - arti- 
ficial or otherwise - plays no role in the midst of these circula- 
tions. Value is nonexistent.

Inversely, the expanded redundancies of video representation (visual
representation) become increasingly fragile; while energy levels for
transmission/reception decrease, the overall energy and stabilizing
structures of the planet decrease as well, in the face of overpopula-
tion and planetary extinctions. The result is a precarious laminar
topology [the "video membrane"] of information holding its own against
global onslaught. Information/representation control replaces or exac-
erbates traditional warfare technologies. Video brings background to
foreground, making them equivalent. The visual controls.

The visual replaces other senses; aurality becomes a mode of associa-
tion. Video membrane becomes a transposition of sexual experience,
within or without the body. AIDS and video are both distancing func-
tions; the body becomes nomadic, circulating around technological
nodes The concept of _home_ slips from its moorings; stable geogra-
phic space becomes irrelevant.

Postmodern geography develops within this domain of the nomadic, the
marginal, and the impoverished, all beneath or within the membrane of
telecommunications. Material/physical economies (housing, transporta-
tion, culture, vocation) transform from formal to informal; they be-
come flows themselves, carying bodies with them. Bodies are necessar-
ily diseased. Human habitation (the lifeworld, habitus) becomes in-
creasingly interstitial, liminal.

It is not that the human is displaced, but that video occupies, as
membrane, the human. The Enlightenment is literally illuminated by
LEDs [light-emitting diodes].

It is not that the signifier has no referent; in fact, everything has
become referent, and the signifier slips from its moorings as well.
It is not that the phallus is everywhere and dominant, but that lack
occurs as a potential (direct or indirect) address within a circuit.
It is not that gender is irrelevant; gender becomes everything, just
as numerous languages classify and subvert gender within nominal clas-
sifications. It is not that sexuality becomes plastic or manufactured,
but that the video membrane become capable of excitation, arousal, and
orgasm.

"Autopornography" - "is everywhere. The increasing use of microelec-
tronics in the home, replays of all sorts, registers of sexualities
and chemistries beyond the limits of knowledge, transgressions and
lines of flight inhabiting the body of dissolution, the universal
computer or body transcendent, the pornographic emphasis on fragments
and genitals - this is the refolding of flesh back into desire
residing on the margins of every narative, residing and breaking
through. Philosophically, will and intentionality are replaced by
pleasure and transparency; the autopornographers have left the
seen..." _[Cinematograph 3.]_ In 1988, autopornography defined the
horizon of a body presenting for-others for-itself [autopornography -
the introjected exhibitionist construct of sexuality, circulating 
among sublimating bodies intent on visual display through video.] 
In 1998, video circulates, replays itself; in 1998, video is literal- 
ly pornographic, a membrane unfolding the interior. There is nothing 
"beyond" cervical display (Annie Sprinkle), itself a form of screen.


What are the symptoms of this bundle or thicket of transformations?


_Program content_ becomes an irruption, irritation of the skin; chan-
nels and programs proliferate and compete. Information exhaustion is
replaced by individuated paths through the videosphere; audiences
becomes subgroups united by video-activity.

_Technology_ miniaturizes, subsumes the body; video becomes flesh,
located internally. Computer and video merge: _Anything that can be
well-defined can be represented._ The mechanical is eliminated as
prototype solid-state storage replaces magnetic media [videotape and
disk require moving machinery including reading and writing heads].

_Micro-narratives_ dominate, as video applies itself to re-enactments
of crime and negligence. Legal and medical video become standard;
televangelism merges with infomercial and political strategies.

_Information flows_ from everywhere. Fiber optics permit an enor-
mous leap in channel carrying-capacity; channels generate information.
Image-processing reaches from the stars (radio telescopy) to the
atomic (tunnel microscopy). Side-scan radar images Venus and subterr-
anean topography; Hubble stores Star-Wars. Satellites position every
object on earth within centimeters.

_Artifical intelligence_ is buried in robotics, expert systems, micro-
computers and emerging nanotechnology; intelligence becomes a _band-
width_ instead of dialog (Turing test). [Intelligence is "smeared"
across hardware and software, no longer (if ever) a measurable
_thing._]

_Sexualities_ flood; occupy fields, discursive formations; are every-
where interstitial, mesmeric. Autopornography merges with traditional
pornography as home videos, fax, the telephone and Internet invert the
body, turn interior towards eternal display. Every surface becomes
subject to excitation; every surface arouses. Vision becomes desire
becomes vision. You don't need to see to see.

_The physical body_ becomes prosthetic or nodal, within and without
control central. It's chosen, makes choices. It displays itself within
the habitus. It's both absolutely unavailable and available. Once on
the horizon of the network television show, it now becomes absorbed in
that horizon.

_The natural, nature_ exists, somewhat invaded, somewhat inert, meas-
ured and monitored from a distance, alien and alienated. The organiza-
tion of the electromagnetic spectrum (radioteletype, radio, televis-
ion, computer transmissions, whistlers), technological and political,
becomes an integral part of every landscape. Management and the world
collide only with scarcity; the "rest of the world' (South _and_
North) watches "from a distance."

_The real, reality_ remain/s philosophically problematic; however,
representation now is integral to any description/explanation. The
"referent" of semiotics constructs itself upon both the "signifier"
and the "significant"; these merge. What is presented in video is con-
sequential, has _real_ consequences; with the emergence of the video
membrane, _the message is the medium._ EIther everything is medium, or
content constructs.

_Everything is equivalent; nothing is identical._ Flows break and
fragment at their nodal points (computer, television, telephone,
face). Internally, every flow is equivalent to every other; there is
no truth, no truth value _there/here._ Externally, flows are defined
by _null sets:_ 0 = {x: x not-equal x}. [Null sets are composed of
those entities not equal to themselves.] What is equivalent within the
channel dissolves upon exit. "Exit" is not terminal (there are no
terminal points), but impediments within networks. These impediments
exist within _chaotic domains;_ there is always an element of unpre-
dictability at the interface. Further, _action,_ human or otherwise,
is not completely transformable into data; signifiers and referents
leak.

_Leakages_ are everywhere; computers are vulnerable to viruses, tele-
communications channels to interrupts, the electromagnetic spectrum to
pirates, cellular telephony and shortwave to illegal monitoring, and
space-time itself to bugging. Leakages also occur as content within
programs, as sexualities within the "clean and proper body," as irri-
tabilities. _Leakage theory_ results, continuous and fluctuating forms
of containment. _Nothing holds for long._

_Nothing holds:_ Formats change constantly, from EIAJ video to 3/4" to
VHS to Beta to 8mm to Hi8 to SVHS to D1 D2 D3 DV, MII and beyond.
[From raw tape to cassette, from analog to digital, from tape to disk
to solid state. Dreams of telepathy, telepresence.] As formats change,
information is lost [old EIAJ tapes are relatively unplayable]; no
matter, since representation itself flows and replaces.

_Death dies:_ "Individuals" fade away, are dispersed, fade out in the
midst of images. Individual voices, the "voice of the poet," become
inaudible; authorship dissolves in committee or within the Internet -
intellectual property becomes a losing and duplicated issue. New forms
of discourse proliferate; anger flattens with the advent of automatic
gain controls. On the other hand, perversions multiply; like truth, be-
come equivalences; nothing is perverse (except perhaps the _deliberate
failure of a node,_ the result of everything from snuff films to _cut-
ting the power_).

And finally, _everything games;_ business merges with militarism
merges with the arcade; virtual reality, always on the horizon (or de-
fining it), merges with sexual conquest merges with the news. The
video eye becomes the _video I,_ observing and playing. Not to play is
not to participate; not to participate is to withdraw, lurk, become an
empty set. The empty set remains within the grid ( /dev/nul ); through
_geomatics_ and geographic information systems (GIS), everything re-
mains. There's no longer an outside; everything's inside-outside in a
permanent state of pornographic exhumation.

None the less, the sheer inertia of the world remains a given; the
vulnerability of electronic and optical representations (which form
the central nervous system of everything under discussion) also in-
creases exponentially. The emergence of the CIS out of the USSR is as
much a destabilization as a problematic triumph; old ethnic hatreds
and territorializations bring the world once again to the brink of
mechanized warfare. Overpopulation and the proliferation of armament
guarantee increasing conflict. While microchip/data storage costs
drop, high-end electronics and formats such as high-definition tele-
vision (HDTV) ensure that networking will always produce inequality.
At least so far, it is capital that has driven electronic develop-
ment, in particular, crisis capital. Development requires both small
independent (Silicon Valley etc.) companies and national efforts (Star
Wars, Japanese electronic inelligence research). New formats drive out
old, regardless of content; the emphasis is on proliferated choice
(more channels, greater bandwidth), increasing resolution (finer
detail), greater parallelisms (intelligent systems), and simulation
(virtual reality, "surround sound"). The end result is a _seamless
virtual reality,_ little different than "our own," eternal and replete
with perfect bodies. Nowhere to go, nothing to do, but _be._

New formats drive out old; old formats disappear with the greater part
of the "old content." The elimination of old information is ecologi-
cally sound; nothing is lost except data organization. The elimination
results in an electronic wasteland or "dump" which becomes physically
smaller as throwaway compnents themselves continue to miniaturize.
Paper, too, becomes less and less viable...

Consider crisis capital in the midst of all of this. Overpopulation
problematizes national boundaries; boundaries are monitored, remaining
leaky. Tension increases as the material world pollutes. The majority
of the world's population inhabits shanty-towns, _favelas, colonias,_
or their equivalent. Everywhere, video and programming exist. Video
rental stores are found in the colonias of Juarez; families have VCRs,
AM and FM, but no sewage or running water. Electricity is "stolen"
from nearby overhead wires. _Telenovellas_ are a favorite form of
entertainment; programs originate in Mexico City, are broadcast from
Juarez or El Paso. Programming becomes more and more transnational and
corporate (was it ever any other way?); radicality, defused on the
national level, is more evident in local programming which tends to-
wards the development of regional consciousness.

Within the region, the _loudspeaker_ is the first moment of electronic
consciousness, and the video membrane or Internet is the last. But the
loudspeaker is portable and inexpensive; even with exponentially-drop-
ping costs, the video membrane remains out of reach for almost anyone.
(Even reliable telephone service is non-existent within the colonias.)
Beyond national and regional programming, the membrane exists in a
fluctuating state. In the colonias, which continue to grow rapidly,
choice is limited: television sets are often old, recycled, faulty.
While the "twin plants" or _maquiladoras_ (factories supplied by inex-
pensive Mexican labor, assembling your television or modem) may be
connected by microwave link, face-to-face communication reigns in the
colonias; the combination of electronics and the street may prove to
be an explosive mixture. In these neighborhoods, the old model of the
simulacrum is pertinent; reprsentation of a "better life" _out there_
hardly portends the practico-inert of everyday existence - instead,
tapping into desire, fetishization, capital.


In the future, everything will be available to everyone, and everyone
will be everything. The world will split into poverty andimage; know-
ledge, available to everyone, will be an image. Knowing the network
replaces "knowing oneself"; the body-in-pain, denying itself or not,
_will always have an address,_ a location, within a more or less ac-
cessible membrane. Knowledge, becoming knowledge management, means:
_Know an address, URL, IP._ Pain is an accessory.


In the future, there will be a new philosophy.


+++
