

(From Perforations 2, 1991)


Video


Video pastes itself everywhere. It relies on the fabrication of light.
It relies on sound and the speed of light.

It produces a square or other domain. It produces an activated infor-
mation substance of equivalent domains, located and addressable, pos-
sessing an abstract structure or "algebra" of discrete operations. The
domains are infinitely retrievable; retrievability (or even template-
matching) may or may not modify them. In any case, everything always
seems to be "in evidence." Representation occurs _across_ the domains.
Nothing represented is true or false; nothing is or remains history.
"Across the domains," reality is continuously inscribed. The programs
"work" or not. "Working" is a matter of circuitry; everything works,
completes itself, continuous. To measure "working" is to interfere.
Organism interferes, harbors truth. But truth is not the domain of
organism. This is the effect of video: the final revolution. *Truth
exhausts itself.*

What happens to truth? Everything is lost within the neutralization of
substance. Temporality defuses through quantum effects; memory 
is transformable, as if the linearity of an equation of propositional
logic were challenged by the underlying "sheet of assertion" itself -
as if a substratum of chaos underlies every well-defined formula (for-
mulation). Truth loses nothing but meaning; applicable by convention
within limited domains, it refers at best to a syntactically proper
expression or program that has been constructed (or an expression
"beyond" or "external to" syntax).

The space floods and inundates the screen. The buffer stores the space,
operates upon it. One buffer and another: the space carries no memory,
no content. Buffering is a radical transformation of the notion of
inscription; no longer a demarcation, inscription itself is treated as
a token. It is defused through buffering, which is the stuttering or
stammering of the real. Buffering holds the real in abeyance until
called up. (Everything is both retrievable and irretrievable; to
examine the contents of the frame is already a transformation [equiv-
alence]. In fact, any reproduction is a transformation, and any
reading is a reinscription [buffering].) Meanwhile, space fissures,
sizzles: through the magic of video, you can hear it sizzle. The space
is, becomes, the space of video, the space of representation, _and
there is no other space;_ epistemology and ontology fuse as the con-
struction of knowledge ascertains the ontology of the representation-
domain.

Reality reinserts itself into the space of video; reality is continu-
ous buffering. (And further, perhaps: every real is a referent; every
referent is real.) This is the speaking of one who perceives, one with
the potential of perception. In relation to the real: the real is
tested through its perception.

The real, this representation or perception, exists within a secondary
space, a space of energy within economy. Hence one economy and anoth-
er: the codification, registration of information within a given dis-
crete bandwidth (but given for how long? and how discrete?) - the
libidinal economy of finance and control overarching the first.

Each mixes, purely, impurely, with the other; each intercepts the
other. Purity is always abject; substance _stains._

Reality fissures, crumbles: the space of video becomes fractal, abject.
You can already see this at work. The space becomes the same as the
real, with the same births, same deaths. Nothing is allowed to remain
outside the one or the other. Birth and death as well are problematic,
replaced by the exhaustion of materials, quantum effects, electromag-
netic interferences.

Finally the body itself fissures or speaks or is silent within the
screen; the drama of the screen is the drama of the body. The
parcellation of the body plays itself against the mobility of the
screen; the screen is an imaginary against the body's symbolic. The
simulacrum no longer exists since the screen in fact is at one with
the real; the referent is continually present, transforming before our
eyes.

All of this occurs "naturally" against the horizon of a scarcity eco-
nomics; within the interiority of screen culture, difference is ab-
sorbed, however, as constructed representation. Tension exists primar-
ily at the boundary where everything occurs, works itself out. Every-
thing crumbles, absorbed as abject debris among the hungry, and miti-
gated representation among the dispossessed.

(Video sees us; who owns or controls representation? Scarcity econom-
ics represents the real within the (political) body (politic); the
body can die in relation to representation. Only in this manner can
the "thickness" and obdurate ontology of _the represented_ be brought
to bear. Images and the imaginary kill.)


Epitaph

The speed of the world is heating up.
Death! Don't bother me!
Blood boils at the thought of it!
I'll be around for the final fire!
I'll be around for the first!
I'm telling the truth:
There's no time anymore!
There's no time at all!


Video ii

Think of video in terms of mimetic desire - imitation circumscribed by
fantasy and libido - imitation which remains individuated, inviolate.
I combine, coagulate with the represented; through fetishization and
sympathetic magic, I gain control. Video remains the model upon which
my desire operates; I move from representation to representation, and
that is my only control: existence or annihilation. Change the
channel!

I watch, enter into the partnership of the represented. I am detained
there through the inertia of the diegesis, holding my place among the
constituents of the image. (That is why the television sitcom or drama
privileges the audience, who always recognize the _situation_ before
the protagonists.) I am bound, opened and closed. Inertia extols
me. Nothing is transmitted. Nothing.

The fetish itself may be manipulated; I play with representation,
invade or penetrate it; the body fills with nails. The fetish is within
its own domain, that of the realm of the spirit or equivalence of
flesh. The video image as fetish extends the fetish domain across the
horizon of representation itself; it depends upon the "correct percep-
tion" (coherent and preconsciously accepted) of the viewer. The fetish
coagulates (in relation to the viewer); the fetish transforms into the
source, which is forgotten.

But the source itself is transformed, no longer existent; we have seen
that the truth of the source disappears as its semiotic decomposes into
increasingly obscure epistemological domains.

So that the fetish inhabits its own inert world. So that this world
procures the signifier of an alterity, inert as well, "above" and
"beyond" the viewer, and mimesis occurs through the act of the view-
er's perception. The return is that of the inert, which would repress
or displace viewing, were it not for the seductive aspects of the
inert, fueled by desire and capital. Seduction dominates; eroticism
becomes mediated auto-eroticism. The body is simultaneously sliced and
mediated [sutured] by image: image is the presence of video, the two-
dimensional surface of the screen, by which I do not mean to exclude
virtual realities. In virtual realities, the body collapses upon its
"own" buffering, its "own" emanations. These emanations are possessed,
mediated by capital, programmed elsewhere than the site of their con-
sumption.

Thus through complex processes of mediation and consumption, the
viewer is "given" freedom - a freedom which, as much as anything in
this world, is a construct, and hence limited by program parameters. _A
good program never reveals its horizon;_ freedom appears as a field of
operations in which desire is fulfilled through freely given consump-
tion. The body is returned to itself, and appears to return to itself.

_Like video, the body occurs._

(Such an analysis opens to the psychology and physiology of trance,
exorcism, hypnosis, somnambulism, possession, and hysteria. Screen
representations are part-objects, tokens exuded from the body, parcels
of cut and imaginary flesh - auto-mutilations which reflect the body
bring it inwards, "return" it to itself. The difference between screen 
representations and "true" auto-mutilations is the difference between 
external mediating capital and self-construction. This difference in- 
trojects mediation into every level of the political body and defini- 
tion of the self. Mimetic desire meets the dictionary of images and 
desire transforms.)


Videola

Over four hours work in those heady weeks of autumn in which video
became continuous production or sight, language remarkably distanced,
reduced, displaced, in favor of the swollen, lurid, thick pastels like
flesh, viewer sinking into

_body and interior's rapture, bloated veins filled with pulses of dark
colorations, surfaces throbbed, sloughed, decayed, dropped in camera
walking, shuddering, eye delving into_

crevice and fissure of landscape, resonance and harmonicas of breast,
moist nipple, cock sinuously curving in waves of light, cunts opening
body in idle conversation's midst, cliffs and peaks of dark yellowed
earth swelling through viewer's skin transformed into

_screen's interior, television's other, virtual bodies writing them-
selves in and out of existence, churning, turmoil of news and disas-
ters, cries of cum, dark and bleak caress, manifolds of fear and de-
sire, fissuring of male sight into_

fragmenting limbs, joins and hollows, curves or darkened hair, illu-
minated neon cock words, cunt words, opened anus, cleft flesh vorti-
ces, granites, limestones, sand and bleak animal memories, penis-ten-
tacle floating, lengthened beyond pales, blues, yellows, whites pene- 
trating, thrust into

_viewer's form, every gift's receiver, showered with liquid bodies,
language, cries, stuttering hysterical God-calls, weeping eyes,
airwaves' rumble cutting fragments loose, breast or cock fragments
fallen into_

viewer's form, swollen cunt or drive-cauldron, burnished walls, brass,
bronze dark, intense, figures turning into

_burnish-fetish, fetish burning, languor of light streaming, silence
between God-calls, falling pebble sounds, flickering bodies swelling
outward, rhythm, repetition, transfiguration, flesh into dulled light,
darkness, after-image glow, ghost-whispers leaving light behind, I
spread into_

you, form-viewer, viewer-form, spread into immersion birth-desire,
cunt, into legs, dreams, open body, streamed hair, returned cuts,
sutured cuts, orbit parts fluxed in burnished cauldron, swollen image
scaled, sloughed into

_video space, video beyond, sloughed into viewer, ribs detached from
breast, cunt cut, stamped out, inserted, cock cut, out, cut out, wri- 
tten, broken, hyphenated into_

bringing you closer to the language bringing you, breaking the hyphen,
inserting


Video

Embarrassed to proffer explanation of videowork, such explanation
parasitic on the "inertness" of the tape - any tape, but, in parti-
cular, my own, remaining present, aroused, sullen.

The images unravel, unroll; they stutter and cross-reference; so
much information is carried in color, for example! Hues blend into one
another; the voice is lost in the grain of the picture. _The image
melts from the screen._ Always something momentary, something disturb-
ing.

Never any characters: someone moves, states something; someone recites
or improvises. Everything is exact, spills out before, beyond the
frame. As if everything were motorized motor-organism.

Images devoured, deconstructed, their excessivity always in evidence.
I produce them, find them; they constitute the pressure of the image
upon the world. The surface constantly changes direction; I move,
scuttle across the surface, my eyes averted. The images are not of
eyes.

They lend themselves, produce, an other discourse, introjected: they
produce the interiors of their own discourses. They speak, struggle
from the interior. They inhabit secrecies.

The images play themselves out by gaining power, withdrawing, from the
audience. They absorb the audience. The audience is the witness of the
unconscious. Sexuality plays across the surface of the work. I give
all I can give, for my pleasure. I dream of you. You are dreamed, sim-
ulacra: _The real is disturbed by the presence of the real._

My neighbors are everywhere within the work; the world compresses,
produces the presence of the lower elements of the surface of a table.

The tapes exist as absorbing pods: images, bodies. So that they are
states always in the process of slow decomposition. Cortical states,
cerebellar states producing action at a distance, beyond or within the
margins of the frame.

The work are the language of the unconscious, not its reflection, to
deconstruct that language within and without accumulation. They are a
_worrying_ that constitutes the beginning of politics, political
desire. _They refuse to set politics straight._

"Shattering of discomfort" comes to mind.


--


_I have given birth to the theory of fissure and inscription. I have
worked between system and debris, effluvium; I have deconstructed
"between" and the shattering of the "eye." I have charted unknown
territories,_ losing myself among the charts.

_I have discovered the recessive states, question everything in the
world. I have my doubts. I have constructed the simplest models for
automata and revealed their inadequacies. More than anyone else, I
have examined myself, beginning with the debris of analysis itself._

I have examined myself more than I have examined anyone else.
I have examined myself more than anyone else has examined me.
I have examined myself more than anyone else has examined herself/him-
self.

_Everywhere and imperceptible, I have inhabited these states._


+++

