

Art Papers, 11/12, 1991

Writing for the Return of It


1. I write every day. I am obsessed with the _vehicle_ of writing. I
work hard to eliminate its foundation. I dislike the drug.

I dislike the addictive aspect of writing, which produces "beyond"
production for the sake of the subject; like any addiction, it
distorts.

2. I am convinced that I am writing the _problematic of truth,_ an
operation which occupies and penetrates the bandwidth of the symbolic.
The symbolic lies like a leaf across the real; its ontology is else-
where, just like the ontology of information/bits is at variance with
the transistorized and viral carriers of the same.

3. This writing carries with it the germ of the absolute, which it is
careful to efface, on the grounds of a refusal to promulgate the
fiction of a metaphysics or its narrative. The _germ_ is nothing more
than a recognition that writing can no longer be treated as a _closure_
against or without the real - that it is _of_ the real, beyond its
embodiment. The real slips _evenly in every direction; this is the 
account of physics, which answers all questions. Thus this writing is 
more than effacement; it connects uncomfortably with the real, employ- 
ing the "leakage" of the signifier and its abjection.

4. I describe within this writing the interior of the subject and its
subjectivity, insofar as this is possible; I operate simultaneously
within the abstract and the obscene in order to place the _catastro-
phic_ within the written _scene;_ this is its transgression or viola-
tion of the reader. Here, every connection in the world is made,
through which the nonlinearity of writing becomes evident as the wri-
ter and reader both partake of the chaotic and noisy domains of the
abject itself.

The "catastrophic" references catastrophe theory, in which a "cusp
catastrophe" can model a "hysteresis" - in this case a "jump" between
"within" and "without" the inner speech of a text. The "linearity" of
writing is a fiction produced by the physical appearance of a line of
type; processes of reading and writing are in fact otherwise.

5. This interior is never susceptible; the fact that _shit exists_ in
its uneasy relation to the body - the fact, further, of this _uneasi-
ness_ - clearly indicates that dissimulation, dissolution, are con-
tinually at work. What can be constructed or deconstructed according
to neural network theory can also be taken apart in the world at
large; I speak of the _worn-out_ or _exhausted_ which categorize the
identification and manipulation of entities, given as _unions
of sets of intersections of descriptive attributes._ This is not to
say the real. The real cannot be said.

The saying of the real is consensual; see below. Consider an accumula-
tion of descriptions whose ostensible contents are purportedly a "core
event." This accumulation is a family in the Wittgensteinian sense,
only loosely connected and overlapping. Choose a "corroboration num-
ber" - say 5 - to indicate an acceptable attribute. Then any descrip-
tive attributes with over 4 "mentions" in the set of descriptions are
acceptable. Consider further the union of acceptable attributes. This
constitutes the event, which is loosely and abjectly related to the
real. (We can say that the union of acceptable attributes _inscribe_
the real.)

6. Entities _as such_ are therefore consensual; they _occur_ within
the habitus. My work is often concerned with their relation to the
body, to language, sexuality, modes of rupture and decay. What ulti-
mately limits analysis? Within the clean and proper room, there are
_sporadic cases_ or _anecdotes_ on one hand, and _exceedingly small or
large_ quantifications on the other. Within the dirty room, adults are
at play in the midst of infantile rage. Pleasure is non-reductive; it
absorbs according to the common-law, xx = x. Nothing more or less.

Broad uses the term "sporadic case" to reference a unique and anecdo-
tal event, such as might be investigated by parapsychologists. The
(Boolean) common-law refers to certain operations within semigroups
that can characterize perceptual "wandering" and attractors in rela-
tion to pornography. "Infantile rage" gives one access to pre-Oedipal,
pre-symbolic states, essential to understanding subjectivity and the
introjection of theory. In other words, the writing considers "how"
theory is absorbed - not necessarily "what" theory, but "how" and
"why." This is what I refer to as the "zero psychoanalysis" of the
subject.

7. I distinguish then two articulations, that of _inscription_ which
applies properly to semiotic systems, organic cognition, and that of
_fissure_ which is a _weakening articulation_ occurring within the
real, including physical reality and an overly-condensed, overly-
determined information regime (_implosion_) as well. I distinguish
further, genders and gender-identified spaces, from the Kristevan
_chora_ through eccentric, chaotic, fractal, and catastrophic spaces.
Gender regimes transgress articulations; logics transgress the body;
phonemic stutterings and sonic tropologies transgress language. I
claim that these transgressions are in fact _characteristic_ of
articulation, body, language, sexuality: characteristic of _ontology_
and ontological impulses.

"Sonic tropologies" refers to various acoustic accompaniments to
spoken language. All of these "noisy" transgressions are fundamental
(not transgressions at all). Inscription occurs, exists, within the
symbolic; fissure is characteristic of the real. The combination
produces an extended or leaky open semiotics which can be used "in
order to lie" through a breakdown or rupturing of the sememe.

8. I "therefore" produce texts simultaneously _striated_ and _punctur-
ing,_ writing as exhibitionist/voyeurist eroticism embedded within
classical analytical inscription. The texts do not claim an abstract
and quantified communicative function; they colonize the ego-coagula-
tion directly, perturb  it, in much the same way that signifiers
jostle one another within any regime.

The eroticism of the texts annoys the ostensible content, returns it
to the site of the body. The texts are "striated" through the use of
rhetorical or conceptual devices; they "puncture" through their
employment of a violent, transgressive, and obscene eroticism allied
to the inverting/perverting of the body.

9. Therefore I produce as well st-* texts, which stutter, stumble,
shudder, sputter, and so forth, texts simultaneously within _joui-
ssance,_ anxiety, and _frisson_ (trembing, thrilling ...). I do not
hesitate to appropriate-with-emendation, as Lautreamont, but always
with an ulterior and undifferentiated motive. And I do not hesitate to
produce, as well, _difficult_ texts, taking the reader over _diffi-
cult terrain,_ for such is the world and its abjection - abjection
being the most difficult of all, since it is simultaneously substance
and chaos, of the order of eroticized quasi-crystals or the amorphous 
pesudo-structures of glass.

st-VC^2, "st," vowel, doubled consonant, referencing an entire cate-
gory of words, which may go back to the origin of Indo-European -
words describing the oscillating, arousal, and contamination of an
organism.

10. Thus _geometrically_ I construct the subject thorugh an overdeter-
mination of classical Euclidean space, imagining a sphere with an open-
ing, hollow cylinder, connecting to an internal torus; geodesics upon
the surface of the latter cannot collapse, and hence I identify this
with an _ur-ego,_ the irreducible core of neural networking accumula-
ting an accretion of planar surfaces upon it modeling the external
world through an inverted mapping; for every point external to the
sphere, define a cone (point as vertex(t)) tangent to the sphere; the
section cut through, castrating the sphere connecting the tangential
circle is unique (unless the point is infinite). A line, therefore,
defines an envelope of sections, a _thickening_ of the interior. And in
this manner, everything is mapped, inscribed, and accreted throughout
the mobile torus.

This geometrical mapping related to the "pole and polar" of classical
geometry, as well as Lacan's 1962 seminar on identification, which
employs topological models. It is not necessary to follow the details.
The "ur-ego" refers to the central processing potential of the mind,
and would in practice be divided among a number of neural structures.

11. Geometrically, I recognize the implicit difficulty, if not false-
ness, of this mapping, holding nonetheless to the processes of thick-
ening and distortion that must occur within any molecular entity. The
distorted hole remains a hole; the punctured plane already lends
itself to irreducibility (a curve surrounding the puncture cannot be
completely collapsed).

"Falseness" because of the inert simplicity of the model, as well as
the ontological transgression at work. Who believes mathematical meta-
phor in any case? Lacan makes much of the irreducibility associated
with the torus. The mapping I describe references the introjection/
projection processes transgressing the body in its relationship to,
and embedding within, the real.

12. The ego as an accretion is catastrophic, inscribing and identify-
ing itself, maintaining itself as a non-equilibrium dissipative struc-
ture. But it is also worn-out, exhausted, decayed; it trembles, stut-
ters, and recognizes its nature "as such" - to the extent that it
operates as a recognizing-function. _For the ego, the end is always in
sight,_ and through this, everything is constructed.

The ego continuously falls apart; that is the nature of the ego. It is
concerned with survival, shoring-up, accumulating, inscribing, and
freezing inscriptions.

13. Where is the end? It is the subject of my writing, peripheral and
elusive; it appears through the (female or male) ejaculation of the
reader - through the underpinnings or moistness of the ejaculation. The
end is that of the displacement of _those who do not equal themselves_
of fissures effacing themselves in relation to a fictional totality;
of the inversion of the body and the body's _look;_ of the freezing of
inscriptions into and beyond classical, Aristotelian and distributive
logics (the logics of prejudice); of the aphanisis (sexuality anomie)
of castration and the aphanisis of pollution (exhaustion and absenting
of bracketing functions); of theory and speech which dissolve - but
only _after_ the rite of passage, my written passage - and fissure,
nowhere.

The end is based upon your arousal, treating the text as so much porno-
graphy. "Those who do not equal themselves" are equivalent to the null
set. "Fictional totality" refers to the violence of narrative. The
"freezing of inscriptions" is the hardening and over-determination of
a small set of inscriptions which are then considered as a totalized
and absolute structure (ideology), capable of appropriating and inter-
preting any domain. "Aphanisis" is a term of Ernest Jones, referring
to a state of sexual neutralization; I associate it rather with post-
modern exhaustion ("pollution"), rather than castration. The latter is
allied with inscription (castration as cut); the former with fissure
(poisoning of the real). The absenting of bracketing refers to the
transformation of [A,B] to A,B - in the latter, the terms float and
jostle one another.

14. And the end is also, imprecisely, this _nowhere_ or _elsewhere,_
given through two fundamental operations in propositional logic; some-
thing I stress over and over again, _not-both-A-and-B,_ and _neither-
A-nor-B._ The former, the Sheffer-stroke, divides and expands; the
latter projects. Both escape the universe; the former, however, is
content with it, since [A,B], where A = B, proclaims a certain domin-
ion. "Neitherness," however, leaves entirely; the origin disappears in
the form of a semiotic emission, directionless and sourceless, a char-
acteristic of postmodernism.

The Sheffer stroke and its dual are "fundamental" operations in propo-
sitional (basic) logic; all of the other operations may be derived
from them. Combined with the "axiom of Nicod," one has created a sing-
ular and monolithic (albeit rococo) basis. A "semiotic emission" - un-
like the traditional sign - appears sourceless and goal-less; it is a
flow of dissolute appearance, disappearance, and spectacle in late
capitalism.

15. I leave you here, with my writings, my texts, all elsewhere, dif-
ficult, abstruse, obscene, impervious. I am elsewhere, abject, smart
and aroused, dissolved into the interstices of body, bone, flesh,
mind. I am nowhere then.

"Nowhere" characterizes eccentric and fissured space, writing, refus-
ing the disinvested analytic. In the fantasy of arousal, the real jost-
les itself, shudders at the slightest touch ...


A. This matrix informs my film, writing, and aesthetics. In terms of
the first, I lure the audience elsewhere than concept - i.e. "filmic
possibilities," narrative and so forth. My writing divides into sev-
eral practices: that of passages immersed in the dialectic of fissure
and inscription; that of analytical-theoretical writing; that of "art
writing" often surrounding the practices or productions of _someone
else;_ and that of an ironic poetics subverting irony as well. My
aesthetics informs my interests.

To "lure" an audience is to displace it - lure, lurid. My poetics-wri-
ting appears ironic on the surface; it exists as "frisson" between
irony and directed communication. If irony represents a doubled sur-
face, and directed communication a singular path or plane, then my
work falls as a fractal trace between them.

B. Thus I pursue art occupying the fissure, which remains problematic
on all levels; art concerned with language, sexuality, politics, and
the body; art which remains indeterminate, in which signifiers jostle
instead of resting comfortably and illustrating one or another posi-
tion.

Illustration is always directed and susceptible to symbolic/indexical
analysis. Illustration references a "site" that is elsewhere, the
referent, and conforms or twists in relation to it. "Indeterminate"
art may be problematic in relation to referent; it may have a rela-
tion to "position" that is always elsewhere. The "pursuit" of art in-
volves a mutual seduction, involving all manner of practices, from
critique and production to analysis, description, explanation, "liv-
ing with it." Sexuality, language, and the body are often intertwined
in pursuit, and almost always liminal or hidden.

C. Thus I pursue works challenging the position that the semiotic is
"divorced" from the real, and that the real is somehow "beyond" repre-
sentation. ... I pursue works where signs issue from the body, trans-
gress it; such are grounded in the flesh, site/sight/citation. And I
pursue works in which pre-symbolic states and the infantile are pre-
sent and (un)accounted-for.

So I am interested in the psychoanalytics, politics, and erotics of
art and semiotics: Irigaray, Kristeva, Theweleit, over Eco and Baud-
rillard. ...

D. Of ultimate and incandescent arousal ...

E. This pursuit, a form of voyeurism, conjures up a broken and impos-
sible politics of liberation. This is all that remains, the body
politic becoming the political body. And as I constantly stress (and
am stressed by it), transformation cannot occur without inescapable
self- and solitary critique, in which the knowledge of violence and
the violence of knowledge coalesce; in which the body's fissuring into
substance and the ego's coagulative and temporary nature are under-
stood and accepted; and in which our _jouissance_ is taken for grant-
ed, with joy and trepidation.

Self-criticality: until the self dissolves, the body hollows; until
the body is no longer a secret from the other, from the same. Until
the text dissolves as well, hollows and decays. And this is what I
attempt to write, the necessity of leaving nothing (everything)
opaque, opening - to the limit of the topological inversion of flesh
itself - to the reader. The difficulty of my writing consists pre-
cisely in this opening, of the real, in all its inconceivable complex-
ity. Every text resonates with itself, with every other; every text
captures or lures the reader in the world. The world is not the real;
beyond the reader is her world, and beyond the world is his interior.


+++

