Dance is Dead. Dead Men Can't Dance. Dance is Sex. Scan-Dance. Un-Dance. Dance is an Asylum. I want to thank everyone with two feet who has contributed to this. I'm not sure exactly what I should be showing here. There are too many files... I'm sorry... maybe I should go home
hello hello - I had other plans for this - using the mic here but it's too loud - so bear with me - At the moment this isn't going anywhere - these are hmmm... mappings of a dancer's body - in this space - this is going nowhere - hold on can someone get me a drink!? this was to be a performance falling apart now it seems more like falling apart as a performance hello hello no mic here - weird somewhere I hear speaking thru here - well on the right is Maud dancing and on the left is a mapping of a dancer following Maud in a manner similar to the avatar but the dancer is live but the fuck I forget wait a moment the dancer is hmmm...
well the dancer was using motion capture equipment and was therefore fed into hmmm... fuck it I forget the dancer was fed into mocap and thru that into bvh and that was imported into blender and then hmmm then the nodes of the body of the real dancer were mapped into 4-space and so what you see here are objects indicating the movements of a dancer imitating a dancer imitated by an avatar but a mapping which in fact indicates the tension of the originary body here you have what time is it wait I need some whisky (case you don't know it I don't drink) well Foofwa did a number I think he was smashed that's an Alpine zither that's a performer in a movie I made using the Access Grid who doesn't not the access grd but the performer know she's in a movie yes indeedie that's harmonica fuck was going to play that live for you too but needed the mic which is now unplugged and lying around somewhere ????   I actually had a lot to say about this stuff related to E-poetry so what I can say now is fuck e-poetry the only thing that should be around is fuck-poetry f-poetry why this is entirely new and already a fucking canon is forming people are included people are excluded were all fucking Jews here beyond the Pale hi Maria.
this is really really going nowhere by the way Maud was choreographed by Foofwa  more later at the talk tomorrow too long to explain here - that's F dancing on what looks like a roof but isn't well it's Geneva that's whats' important we work together wait there should be a text somewhere around here, probably lost in the melee - in that battle someone got hurt I think all those fucking ninja
now something nice 
see i can be so gentle you wouldn't believe it
now some lightning hold on
fireworlsc
fireworks coming up you can't get enough of a good thing when you don't know what you're doing blow something up - Moty Python
or Moby Grape
or just fucking Moby - can yoou believe that ugy?
ok ths is the deconstruction of a glass or a cup or something that held sugar I don't know anyway it's not really blown up just made to look that way
blah blah blah blah deconstruction of a face
deconstruction of a tree 
I want to thank the  virtual environmnets lab at WVU who - I mean - they - are not respnsible for any of this
wanna see two guys? sure you do!
those guys they do dance the dance anywya this is also from motion capture stuff - I have no idea who the hell thse people are? wanna see a threesome? sure you do!
heh you probably thought they'd have clothes on!
epoets can't stand sex;f-poets can't stand e-poets
come to the f-poetry conference! ACAPULCO!
ok this is looking at some tents from a ehight
and this is getting the hell out of the way of motion capture mapping thank you for the MOCAP software combined with Poser I think there was some other stuff - anyway it's all body body body
ok this is using Interent Two hot INTERNET before INTERNET tTHREE to send my partner's picture - Azure's - around the world or some such godforsaken place and back again - everything's out of sync of course - so much for the Net. Fuc the net.
I can't even tell you where the sound's coming from that's the new sound let's just say it involves people and bodies and very low frequency radio and let it go at that.
above, that's Azure deconstructed by one of the scanners - this one cost 185k and we managed to defeat the software
HAPPY FUN!
HAPPY HAPPY FUN!
me on autoharp (remember those?_) and Alpine zither - I'm the only fucking avant-garde alpine zither player in the world - for real - cuase most people don't even know what they are
my partner as a blue-green madonne stitched together from inompatible pieces - 
oh wait really I have something good!
heh heh heh! really good!
oh if you don't know it THAT"S NOT REAL!!
heh heh heh!
FUCK GOD. IF GOD EXISTS MAY I DIE NOW!
,,,,,OPOOOFFF!
See god was right!
Goddamnit!
stupid goddamn puppet!
(it's not true )!
This is for Funkhauser this is from Thailand
And I haven't ever been to Thailand!
But I know Tyedie!
oh I gotta wrap it up
Anyway it's been nice serving you and thank you for the whisky!
Thank you and good bye!
(God what the fuck have I done!)
