





Rancor





Sometimes a message comes over the wires and it feels like my throat

is cut, thin, the seat of repression, seat of speech blocked by the

body itself. My breath dissolves in those words which are _present_ by

virtue of what appears to be a primary expulsion, although written -

words which are forced from the self-same throat of another, oneself.

The force of a blow.



The force of a blow which can never be deflected; spoken by the blank-

ness of cyberspace, it reflects its own reception, resonates with it.

As if one's tomb were designed by another, inside of oneself. As if one,

I, faced me through you, through your present absence, subterfuge, mas-

querade, the art of deceiving the enemy.



The words are spoken by me, the reading of the message, and I hear my-

self, my inner speech in them, a repetition of the external words, 

mnemonics of chanting, the short-circuiting of secondary narcissism. 

What do I return to this?



I return poorly, full of rancor, of bile, eaten out by speech from the

interior. A flame not only burns; it dissolves the view beyond, lights

only the imminent with its light which is shoved aside as the fuel runs

out. The only alterity is that of language wrapped around itself, chok-

ing itself like the _throat._



Because the words are print and because there is no granularity, they

are cleansed like the surface of a purely disruptive body, one that has

made its peace with abjection; I have not. Because the words scroll, an

epitaph runs by. As if granite is carved by the expulsion of letters. 

As if it were translucent.



Rancor churns within; unlike anger, its direction is an emission, like

heartburn. Involuted, the mind burns to no purpose whatsoever. The reply

is a residue or scat sloughed off by centrifugal energy, the torsion of

anxiety rent to the breaking point. The flame has no point of entrance

or exit; the flame is tattooed on the skin itself, simultaneously dis-

tanced. All these contraditions increase the tension.



The only resolution is time, which does not heal, repress, or sublimate,

but simply substitutes; loose chains or concatenations drop one thing 

for another, there is only so much time in the day. The very obdurate

bracketing of time opens the throat to fresh wounds and woundings. What

passes for language in these spaces continues, more and more exhausted.

What is to be done.





"It took my breath away and left me with this highly charged speechless-

ness, this inability to speak when beset by strong feelings, which re-

minds me that _Love_ (or is it an _idea_ of love) is located, among

other places, in one of the two spots in _his_ body which Freud describes

as the seat of the phenomenon of _repression_: in the throat. (The sec-

ond, for Freud, was the lower opening of the body.)"



(Klaus Theweleit, Object Choice, trans. Green.)



