



Bitterness





(All gall is divided into three parts.)



Two things come to mind: blame, and the anecdote. For nothing is ever

my fault, it is always the Other, this one or that one. The Other is 

construed as the agent of downfall, vengeance against the innocent. And

this plays out through the anecdote; there are always stories to tell,

myself blasted to the margin of the feasible. Always culpable, I never

admit to culpability.



One thing comes to mind: that it is always a dispersed vector or spew,

unorganized core-dump. The real _appears_ obdurate to the bitter, who

sense the impervious. In this regard, the bitter, like the depressed,

see the truth and react to it without the slightest wavering. But not

always with truth's return; Dostoevsky's hero in Underground is deceit-

ful, violated, violating. (For the truth of the world is bitter and

depressed.)



The bitter require a return to their investment, end up with a small

circle of friends mirroring their forsaken state. They never get any-

thing right, always get everything right. They refuse to recognize one

another. Falsity. But La Rochefoucauld says the evil we do brings less

persecution and hatred upon us than our good qualities. (The remark of

a bitter man? Hardly, but one _playing to the bitter_ in this regard.)



The bitter are content to humble themselves. They ensure it. Even in

cyberspace, they twist and turn, strike out with eyes blanked from too

much sight. They curry the favor of no one, which is given for nothing.

But it is always somewhere else, and in cyberspace, it is always the 

real among us, that is to say, nought. Those who lean into the space,

mock. Those who play it like billiards.



(When I am bitter, I am doomed to repeat; obsessive-compulsive, the 

stories and missed conversations accumulate, scroll - an inner speech

dragging on forever. Always I triumph; my evidence is perfect, my 

demeanor rational. Whispered perfection, in fact, is mine; in scroll

I am known for reasoned argument, a combination of empathy and uncanny

coolness. But these missed conversations return again and again; there

is no escaping them, no granularity to ground them in a vincible alter-

ity that in fact brackets my existence. Rewrite demands return, if only

in the pleasure of the text, one's own, scrolled across a _screen,_

real and obdurate. Without the return, communication mingles with help-

lessness, and the phantom of the other opera borders on psychosis.)





