





(the sweetness of the dawn of the year at terminal velocity)





Sweetness





Devouring darkness, eating putti, pastel colors with the scent of skin 

moved slowly, happiness beneath the youngsters' blankets, Betty-Page 

emerge with Kent wishing the light on perfect skin. Sweetness is never 

abject, always melting, flooding one with iridescent lightness, the flux 

of syrup dissolving the skin, florid inscription effacing inscription 

with oh so soft a touch. To fall in perfect sweetness is to fall forever.



I've chosen tonight to pass the sweet gifts Margaret had given me during 

the two and a half years we lived together. The inner life of cathected 

objects shudders ontology to a halt; what can be seen through tears exists

less than cyber-presence, often a gift or sweetness of another kind. This 

is the filigree of space, the comfort of the secrecy of messages, the 

sense of belonging, of communality. These screen-memories are our common- 

ness; uncharted, they are the beginnings of a surge which will pour into 

years, decades, centuries future - the ripple or back-crest of a wave 

transforming thought itself. For the question may be no longer that of 

body, but that of thought turning upon its own, already an awakening in 

the slurry of this space.



How much sweetness there often is in lurking, in which void and presence 

commingle, in which the eye softly wanders throughout insistence and 

intentionality, as in the framing of a perfect picture. Gender settles 

like a light cloud across postings and lists, recuperating new terrain 

from the old, and gender hovers in the midst of lurking, like messages 

opening beneath all of us to uncharted screens of mesmeric night.



The sweetness that one is called is often defensive or a silencing smile, 

but the sweetness that one is may garner mind or memory, the marker or

speculum of something always already blemished, the anecdote of the 

partially-seen, what emerges from the corners of the room during the 

first moments of sleepiness, sleepy-time. The only thing we remember is 

what might have been.



Forward, choiceless, words unencumbered by body, by thought, sweet words 

on wings of mercury, thin sheets coalescing and dissolving in the 

windless, beating, sky.





