



The Whining God 





"The Mind of the Father whined as he thought, with a powerful will, the

Ideas of all forms, and from one source they all sprang out; because from

the Father both intention and accomplishment did come at the same time. 

But once they were separated by the intelligible Fire, the Ideas split up

into intelligent Ideas; because the Sovereign made an intelligible end-

less model exist before the manifold world. The latter followed in its 

disorder the first and appeared with its proper form, shaped by every 

sort of Ideas. There is only one source, from which other Ideas whining

spring out. They are divided, inaccessible, and are shattered on cosmic

bodies; they are similar to swarms and gather around a terrible breast,

shining around from every side and very near, in all ways, as intelligent

thought which robed with abundance, from the fatherly source, the flower

of fire, in the highest point of restless time. It is the original source

of the Father, perfect as such, that let these primordial Ideas spring

out." (From Giovanni Reale, The Schools of the Imperial Age, A History of

Ancient Philosophy, edited and translated by John R. Catan, SUNY, NY,

1990, p. 286, The Rediscovery of the Incorporeal and the Transcendent,

The philosophical doctrines of the _Chaldean Oracles,_ quoted from E. des

Places, _Oracles Chaldaiques, avec un choix de commentaires anciens,_ 

"Les Belles Lettres" (Paris, 1977), fragment 37, p. 75ff.) 



Now the locus of meanings around "whine" all specify a ululation of sorts

coupled with complaint, the song of complaint which is emitted from a 

neural source than that of speech itself. Yet it is not only song, but 

the sense of an _unutterable wrong_ through which the inaccessible swarm

appears, and if we can ignore the paternality of the quote for a moment,

might one not whine in _this_ space, in fact, that the springing of pri-

mordial ideas (almost as a passivity or sense of a _sprung motor_ that no

longer operates correctly) are posts cleansed and shining with a furious

light reflected from the breast? Might not these cleansing posts give

shape to the breast itself, pendulous and full, reflecting the gravity of

the situation, the source of screen-memories (screen-mammaries) through

which our writing itself takes on the characteristics of a cold and ter-

minal fire? Are we witnessing the consuming-fire of our bodies, as the

beginnings of a new speciation falter their way across the earth, the Net

itself only a castoff or residue of artificial intelligences combining

with viral nano-technologies? I whine, my place is lost here, groundless;

nothing holds the letters in their proper (= legible) place but a cyclic

distribution of voltages and circulations: packets and protocols, elec-

tron gun beam displacement energies casting their spectra before me.



"By mid 1956, the FBI had a total of 141,231,773 fingerprints on file, of

which 29,215,596 were in the criminal files section representing 11,336,-

712 persons. In the civil identification section there were 112,016,177

cards each representing 60,753,062 persons. And one particularly inter-

esting card in this latter file carries the classification:



                15   M   9   R   000   18

                