





Evil



An enormous boulder breaks loose from the side of a mountainside in the

Alps, rolls down a slope taking trees and shrubbery with it. Small goats

quickly jump out of the way, but the sleeping villagers below are not so

lucky; hundreds die in the mayhem and resulting fires as a petrol tank

ignites and explodes. A disaster for those who mourn the passing of each 

and every human life, but can evil occur without intention? Neither man

nor woman nor sprite released the mass; what occurred was the result of

a chaotic disposition.



An ignorant child dislodged the boulder by accident. Deliberately. A man

sent it plummeting without knowledge of the village, the trees, the 

goats. A man sent it plummeting with precisely this prior knowledge. A

woman in despair, Phaedre, her eyes swollen in ecstatic tragedy, leaned

harshly against the side of the stone, sending it downward; she did not

know what she knew. (She knew what she did; she did not know what she

did. She knows now; she does not know now.)



Or is evil always a question of impinging upon another's freedom, as a

Russian might have said? Clearly to obstruct suicide is evil. If a child

desires consensual sex with an adult, is this evil if reciprocated? Whose

evil? Does a child know what she or he is doing? Does Phaedre?



Perhaps there is the question of the contract; what is evil is procedure

against another without a contract, civil or otherwise. Then evil is a 

unilateral process within a system. Is birth a contract? If I am required

to serve in the armed forces, is this evil? What have I done, what do I

believe in, that my life is necessarily at stake? (Who is competent to 

sign a contract? What passes for the bandwidth of normalcy? Is it normal

to do evil? If it is not normal to do evil, then everyone is innocent.)



In cyberspace, a boulder results in a meltdown or spamming, perhaps the 

loss of an account, perhaps a job, occupation. More often, it results in

an interlocking of texts, writing struggling against writing. Where is 

evil within this? Does not every text open up to still another, part of

the chain, I would say, concatenation, of differ_a_nce? But do not texts

leave their own residue within the real, that of physical-material action

- for example, the perpetration of hate crimes as a result of hate posts?

There are no contracts within this, just as there are no contracts within

the reception of almost any post, the presentification of novelty. 



Or should evil be differentiated _only_ within the contract, a convention

defined, perhaps, by performative statements and punitive compensations?

In which case justice is left out in the cold, up there on the slope of

the Alps? Or in fact, is justice sited elsewhere than the issue of good

and evil? Certainly one leaves fate out of the equation, since fate is 

always a posteriori and a judgement itself. 



Derrida 1: "Obliquely, as at this very moment, in which I'm preparing to

demonstrate that one cannot speak _directly_ about justice, thematize or

objectivize justice, say 'this is just' and even less 'I am just' without

immediately betraying justice, if not law (_droit_)." [p. 935]

Derrida 2: "I will leave these problems aside for the moment, along with

the affinity between carnivorous sacrifice, at the basis of our culture

and our law, and all the cannibalisms, symbolic or not, that structure

intersubjectivity in nursing, love, mourning and, in truth, in all sym-

bolic or linguistic appropriations." [p. 953]

Derrida 3: "Justice, as law, is never exercised without a decision that

_cuts,_ that divides." [p. 963]

Derrida 4: ..."deconstructive discourses as they present themselves in

their irreducible plurality participate in an impure, contaminating, 

negotiated, bastard and violent way in all these filiations - let's call

them Judaeo-Greek to save time - of decision and the undecidable." [p.

1035] From Jacques Derrida, Force of Law: The "Mystical Foundations of

Authority," translated by Mary Quaintance, in Deconstruction and the 

Possibility of Justice, Cardozo Law Review, July/August 1990.



The violence of a flame in cyberspace kills someone through the force of

language, and is this a question only of degree? Are cannibalisms possi-

ble in cyberspace, the devouring or trembling of text, those issues of

uncanny desire I continue to emphasize? Clearly language and symbol are

appropriations themselves, in-themselves. What is being circumscribed?

Will the rock ever reach the village? Will "the rock ever reach the vil-

lage?" Without transcendence, is evil mitigated by the mediation of the

symbolic itself? Can there be evil without justice, justice without 

evil? And again, in _this_ space, site, citation - How is evil performa-

tive here _as an interiority_? Or is cyberspace, in fact, nothing more

(as some have insisted) than a communicative (sub)domain contingent upon

the real? And then where does the contract reside, where is justice be-

yond the purely interstitial (contract/contracted)?



