



The Blind Spot of a Certain Life within the Body





Late at night, I recline, nude, upon the bed, search my body for signs

of embodiment, an inhabitation that slowly withdrawns, ends with the

fulcrum of death itself. My glasses bring my body into view, into 

focus, sharpening outlines, creating a three-dimensionality which has

always accompanied me, my thinking, the sheave of conflicting processes

that constitute the ego. I run my hands across my flesh; my nails on my

right-hand fingers are long, cut for a musical instrument. Half culture,

half nature, they signify variously to others, separate my fingertips

from my skin, minutely. I think to myself, this flesh will do. The play

of narcissism, of images, fantasies, begins, narratives from everywhere

inhabited by women, by organs, by history. Surrounded by discursive for-

mations in various stages of dissolution, the tenuous signifier further

appears to dissolve as I approach climax. Through my glasses, I note my

penis straining vertically; I feel the cum across my chest, slightly

cooling it, and hurry to clean off. An internal flow, impossible to

describe, has quickly started and stopped, accompanied by a slight sen-

sation of heat. I think to myself, I must return to work.



All of this is through the matrices of language, culture, _glass_ (and

the restoration of purified vision, however defined), fingers shaped for

music. I am embodied, sunk into the bed, into the hysteria of the unrav-

elling of sexual discourse, the climactic moment when everything falls

away, as I imagine it must upon, say, a stabbing. And it occurs to me

that embodiment is defined by _withdrawal_ of the body, of everything

except for the localization long-waves or solitons of processes that 

later are perceived as defining: the orgasmic-body, stabbed-body, dead-

body, angry-body, enraptured-body. 



Embodiment then always already splits at the focus, an acculturated body

or a narratological body, and only in withdrawal does it become the 

classical moment of embodiment philosophically spilled everywhere. The

withdrawal, however, is a special case, a tagged-body, and this tagging

(as those acquainted for example with Tantric sex will know) is also a

matter of acculturation. I would exclude death alone as a fundamental

physicality; it is the always the horizon of withdrawal (and even here

culture interpenetrates). 



So I would say that embodiment is withdrawal and a discourse of with-

drawal - the former, effacement, and the latter, the narratology of 

effacement which varies widely. And I would say as well that to the 

extent that narratology plays any role, cyberspace/cybermind are trou-

bled precisely because the discourse is present without the withdrawal

itself (delete/kill _functions_ have no role here within/without the

privacy of the body). This is where the difficulty comes in. I imagine

in the far future, the difficulty will further disassociate, as thought-

without-a-body becomes possible (there is no reason it should not), so

that the soliton processes, the tagged-bodies, become themselves purely

representative (again touching on Lyotard's essay in The Inhuman). 



Thought-without-a-body does not imply one way or another the necessity

of an external physical matrix, by the way, although I assume something

would be required. But given our limited knowledge of physics, exactly

_what_ is impossible to say.



(Perhaps I am saying nothing more than the signifier is trapped within

the body, that the body is always already split/disembodied into parts,

in terms of representation - and that the one current horizon here is

the various formations of withdrawal, including sicknesses, orgasms,

amputations, deaths, and various ecstatic states - none of which, except

death-beyond-memory, are purified themselves of cultural interweavings.

It seems clear to me why questions of ontology and epistemology become

immediately clouded in relation to computer-mediated-communication, and 

why those involved in it are occasionally troubled.)



