









Broken Posts, Sustained Thought





these daily texts, so simplified, and each must tell the whole story.

i am a coward. i have said i am a coward. that doesn't change anything.



nothing builds on nothing. terms fly out as ontology decompresses, signs

disappear. shorter texts are aphorisms, wobbling their way into deletion;

the longer hang down uselessly from the headers, articles never appearing

as such in these readers; they're limp, exhausted, even as the screens

scroll down.



threads stitch together nothing but a name. like the world i have a

certain style. like the world i offer pills to you, pills to myself.

pills for everything in the world. i'm out of it.



beyond being you, i am no one. you would not remember my history, the

history of these posts, their interconnections. concatenations, they

exist by virtue of seriality, nothing more or less. this is the trouble

with posts; this is the trouble with them.



my thought is sustained every waking moment of the day. I cannot escape

it, cannot for a moment stop, collapse within the body. the thought

meristemates, roots itself (what other roots are there), and it becomes

_the_ thought, the neitherness of thought, expulsion.



it expels itself from itself, taking its roots with it.



the posts are bound to time, to the arbitrary time i have set for them.

they are linked to time, to the masochistic that contracts their content

before any sort of conceivable development. hysteric, they exist only by

virtue of their symptoms. 



the symptoms are empty at the core, emptied of the core, disembodied.

they surround furiously the breast of the creator, gone from this or 

another post. they surround lovingly the breast of clara hielo, the

presence of a return or something forgotten in the long three hundred.

the long three hundred have followed one another, collapsed. they are 

the numbers that are remembered.



but the numbers are not the sustaining and the threads are torn, just as

history is a later unravelling of the face of god. that is to say, an

unravelling that roots itself, protrudes through the outer layers of the

skin into the skull whitened for every conceivable purpose. the penetra-

tion of the skull from trepanning on is the glue that holds everything

together, the cum on the spear-tip. it is here that concatenation be-

comes a binding through the onslaught of prayer. it is here that posts

and sacrifice are later discarded, a distraught body whose name is al-

ways already forgotten or hidden.



so that there's very little time left. so that each must tell the whole

story. so that each must insist that there's a story to tell.



