





Fuck Me



Fires cross ill-fated equally star-crossed lovers in cyberspace, delving

the depths to find out everything about one another. Fires burn measure-

ments of cocks, breasts, cunts, churn through past-histories as mutilated

bodies appproach one another, smashing through screens, ripping apart

clothing, tangling with the cyber-junkies already on the floor behind the

computer. Protocol serial parts connect one another in daisy-chain links,

parallel ports glue couples and trios to local-area-networks struggling

to make a name for themselves. Loneliness rules cyberlanes, don't kid 

yourselves, as I offer my address up like a whore intent only on writing

the truth of cyberspace, its spews, floods, emissions - its stutterings

and rattlings as the last vestiges of the body fall away revealing the

meat, bones, gristle beneath the meat, bones, gristle. How many times does

the virgin disappear always bouncing back; even the Doctress Neutopia was

deceived with much apologies. The only magic here is scars on my nipples

devoured by pure writing, the writing of teeth against the flesh, writing

of mouths against smooth translucent skin. Take my hair, shave it, place

it in a curse. Take my flesh, cannibal; it will make you strong. Take my

eyes; they will see no more than your own, nothing but the ascii on the

wall. Take my ears, cannibal; they hear no more than the sound of keys,

the whirlwind running of disks and fans, mute circularities bringing the

self back to the self. I would be yours, whore for you, offer my self up

to you. But you must come and take me.



Loving Wires



Fogs cross lucky equally sophisticated lovers in cyberspace, climbing

the heights, forgetting everything they know. Mute fogs photograph arms,

legs, shadows of smiles, flowing from past to future as beautiful bodies

dance and move apart, reflected in terminal screens, sewing lovely warm

clothing, always in the pronouncement of a healing function for the very

sad. Protocol parallel ports form lairs, caverns, webs, where serial 

ports make new born beings pulsing, glistening everywhere, embryonic and

nameless in the midst of the widest of areas. The tribe loves you and me,

as our privacy remains our own, protected by the protocols from the lies

and truths of cyberspace, its posts, its texts, its sounds and images,

as the wondrous body is made from our newness, our caresses, our eyes,

hair and delicate fingers weaving on tender looms. How much knowledge we

gain in amazing space; even alt.society.neutopia flowers with thinkings

sublimely intertwined. The only darkness here is within my sight, creat-

ing pure writing, the writing of lips against the eyes, writing of hands

holding my body against your own. I grow my hair for you, talisman, spell

or fabric. Place it within a locket; you are weakened. I would see with

your eyes; they see the world and more, everything through the door, the

window of the soul. Listening to you, I hear the rustling of the world,

the quiet tenderness of hands lightly touching hands, breasts, the widest

of hearing. Two in one, one in two, we violate the laws of capital, ours,

yours, mine, for the taking.



