





Scroll-Dream of the Shape-Rider



After months it has happened, previsioned two days ago with a dream of

nanotechnological beings in dire warfare, one drilling the other upon a

plain of stainless steel indefinitely extended; I was glad to have been

given an isometric view of the whole. The boring was intensive, the 

stinger, black, yellow, silver, red, fluxing mechanically upon a viral

appendage, one to another, a vortex through the machinic. Waking upon

this, I found an uncanny softness to my surroundings within the real.



Last night it began, the scroll-dream of the shape-rider returned to the

surface of things, the scroll-text beginning white letters on black 

background, the color of the monitor-torah spilling inchoate scriptures,

one after the other. I lost myself in my desire for and through them,

nothing but the letters backgrounded by letters, each a shadow of itself

and other, each simultaneous, but always in movement, whether or not

read, whether or not absorbed or comprehended. The hysteria of langue 

continued through part 1. of the dream; troubled, I would awaken, guage 

my obdurate surroundings (bed, ceiling, books), return to the state of

scroll. Nothing interfered, was allowed to interfere with the call of

language, distended graphemes struggling through themselves to reach me,

senseless or not.



Then through part 2. a continuation, change in color, now fuzzy bril-

liant white against darker blue, but a dark powdered blue as well that

sloughed from the screen, as if contaminated.[1] Through this, message 

after message poured; I leaned into the terminal, forfeiting life, fore-

closing upon a body which had no place in the universe, none at all.

Would that have been all. In the midst of typing myself, typing-myself,

an interrupt appeared; 183 new messages arrived, and I realized some-

thing was wrong. Hurrying, I exited to the index, and immediately a non-

sense address made an appearance, as in lksdjfwer rsperjd, one of those 

so recently discovered in the real life of the Internet on alt.2600, a 

hacker group itself hacked. I crashed out of the account; dark powder-

blue backgrounded brilliant white faded as I rushed to the telephone, in

order to call Panix.com, my server; I had to have the account closed. 

Someone was after me - rather some wild graphemic process, alive in the

interstices of cyberspace, headless, tailess, untraceable. At this point

life awakened me, the scroll and its cancellation faded, but the room

never returned properly, as the walls remain askew, and inked blackness 

appears in the ill-fitting cracks opening up everywhere in the world. I

realize I have been given a rare premonition of my textual future, when

breathing itself will cease, when you will find me here, and here only,

when reality is nothing more than the flesh made word. Consciousness

ceases as it continues to present itself; representation abjures the

culture it describes with greater and greater finesse. This is not the

life I would call myself, but this is what is written in the interior 

of stars.



---



[1] Later of course, vision itself will disappear, all these colors, the

_shape_ of alphabetics, even the silence.



