



Perhaps (again) it is the lack of body that makes protest seem improbable 

in this medium. The New Yorker has a short article about Ronald Reagan's

announcement that he has Alzheimer's Disease; it was hand-written, some-

what sloppily, as a result of the beginnings of degeneration that had

set in. The announcement, a brief letter, was reproduced. Reagan knew 

that his mind was closing down, could watch to a certain extent as the

world became increasingly incomprehensible.* The article points to the

sheer physicality of the note, its obdurate (grainy) presence in a world

of typing, memos, and modems. The writing-body makes an uncanny impres-

sion: ink flows where the hand moves; sweat curls paper slightly; the 

surface of skin moves slowly above, touches, then out of reach or beyond, 

what it inscribes. I think that is still the value, for example, of pain-

ting, in a world of absolute encoding - that a certain resistance re- 

mains possible. Resistance is what the world itself did best; harvesting 

required sheer physical effort, and making a hut from mammoth bones was an 

obviously long process. Time was a commodity that went on forever; look at

the pyramids. And inscription itself, of any form, seemed to imply a 

cutting-into or demarcation upon, a surface. But that is the way the world

was and the world no longer changes with its markings.



For the computer changes everything, recreates inscription as _packet-sub-

stance,_ and our words are formed according to predetermined characteris-

tic signatures and protocols. This isn't a secondary effect; it is pri-

mordial within cyberspace, and humans therefore turn around and create

ulterior ontologies within the bandwidth of this representation, we who

inhabit Cybermind or Fiction-of-Philosophy, Future Culture, etc.,  

friends, enemies, and lovers. But these are technologically fragile, and

there is always already the packet-substance in the background, the sub-

stance of the sheer weight of this communication, simultaneously weight-

less and full. 



It is this substance that makes protest so difficult, so problematic. It

is this substance that is no substance at all; fluidic, protest seeps,

and without the slough of granularity, its appearance is translucent at

best. The substance is all signifier and image, all simulacrum.



Models of resistance and opposition imply force, power, drawn from the

material world: _when push comes to shove._ Like embezzlement, the pack-

et-substance is a flux or shuffling of markers, no more or less serious,

no more or less ideologically-bound. Like violent physical crime in rela-

tion to embezzlement, physicality in relation to packet-substance makes 

the latter, not immediately a site of the world itself, problematic under 

any category in which the former is prosecuted. The prosecution of the 

physical returns a model of resistance; the prosecution of packet-subs-

tance emits flux, the capital of speech at several removes. We are weak-

ened at the very source of our language, and protest may appear nothing 

at all.



Isn't this, finally, the true liquidity of capital, detached from every

source and standard? True communication at variance, no wonder psychoa-

alytic processes play such intensive roles, once the user is detached as

well from data-bases, cast adrift in the imaginary. The force is in the

dreaming of it, and it takes the real, or its semblance, to make it real,

it/s/self.



---



*There is a world in this knowledge as well, this shutting-down of the

feed-back loops of self-reference, extending outward, elsewhere. I leave

it to someone else to develop the topic.



