





The End of Motion in the Future of Motion





Electronics sublimate enormous levels, trains of gears, cams, everything 

to construct variable intensities, sites of motion, one or another mech-

anism accreting parts to itself, to the parts of the other. Nineteenth-

century mechanism operates from the spinal column, belted wheels descend-

ing from loftspaces, driven by enormous motors or the motion of water.

Calculation implied the manipulation of rods - enumeration, the tallying

of rotating dials moving from one discrete position to another. Motion.

It was the century of motion. All centuries were thus, the translation 

of bodies themselves upon local topographies, later coordinate systems.

Markers left behind were objects as well. These were the centuries of

objects.



The centuries of substance, earlier, were indeterminate, inchoate. Earth

and water ruled. There was some thought of them, though quickly forgot-

ten. There were events whose oral histories exhausted themselves. 



The electric motor harnassed magnetic lines of flux, rotation. Switches

constructed the deployment of power. Everything was brass, bakelite,

copper, held in place by screws. Coated cloth or rubber insulation held

the double wires of circuitry. Earlier, they followed separate tracks

along the house eaves +/- clearly visible leading into the mains.



And later the capacitors involved complex pulley/belt systems, plates

turning, tuning in the air. Even the vacuum tube glowed with electron

expulsion, the grid plates laid out in an internal dimensionality that

was easily configured, readable. Early electronics were textual, object-

oriented; the tube could be brought to the local store, plugged in and

tested. 



Magnetic tape and disks, pools of mercury, ring-magnets, held information

in the midst of objects, mobile objects, grid-objects. Self-enumerating,

early electronics warred with analog systems, more belts and pulleys, 

cams and always one or another surface sliding or turning by virtue of

worm gearing. Built for specific equations, these were by and large un-

programmable, heavy, mass stuttered and sutured against mass machined to

unbelievably clear proportionals. Not so the electronics, which began 

quickly to retreat, diminish, further and further towards the microscopic

and still not ever at rest.



Nor will ever be, this continuous descent or twisting into transformative

substance, thinking substance whose residue is the inertness of the 

screen; motion becomes a matter of vector, solely a matter of transla-

tion. In the far future, the earth will be possessed by an uncanny still-

ness, thinking itself through thought itself. The natural will say noth-

ing in this emptiness, and there will be speaking going on.



