





Access





Ftp: The screen curls away; the commands operate against the impervious

wall absenting recognition. Download before reading. File arrangements

are familiar and unknown, users and publications dominating. There is 

always a foreign name or two. Promises are always late as the files ring

adultery, the surface of one machine beckoning to another.



Telnet: These are false lovers, since you're almost always led down a 

path to something desired, the small end of a funnel bypassing the enor-

mous kernel working against all odds. You don't know where you are; the

screen curls towards you. This is the domain of the grid.



WWW: Already the promise of a neighborhood built on the backs of gophers

and ftp, but the communal remains in the future. This is the generation

to come, eliminating blocks of information and history; with everything

linked, nothing is impervious, and transparency gives credence to the

inauthenticity of being. Its foundations are maverick hacker-worlding,

easy for marks like me.



Gopher: The venetian-blind world turning up menu after menu, each label-

ling something a vast distance from something else. So much remains dis-

connected, but it _seems_ as if the geography were real, as if God her-

self alphabetized existence. One is drawn in forever and a day beyond

the text; the text is all there is. 



Usenet, Email, E-Lists: Here the voice struggles to be heard, procure a

site for its absent granularity. Psychoanalytical processes dominate as

text is taken for real, data for the outlines of beings everywhere in

the world. We are speaking of organism speaking here, the realm of the

imaginary or uncanny. It's as if Usenet described the world, E-lists

commented on it, E-lists or their inhabitants, waiting for release.



Mbone: Swollen, to come, dinosaur lumbering with something approaching

_presentation._ The disappearance of text will result in withdrawal, 

perhaps the pleasure of the face which is always other.



IRC: As if speaking were the final thing, or chats where you have sex

pretending you don't, or even thinking you're touching or moving an

emotional battery. 



MUDS, MOOS: Where you're touching or moving objects, always there in 

worlds which need continuous construction, no further epistemology.

Where there is always space, there is always surplus; where there is

always site, capital loses its hold.



TALK: The frenzy of knowing who you are, revealing yourself by your

typed, effaced mistakes, errors crowding the screen hurtling towards you

at unimaginable velocities. In TALK, MUDS, MOOS, you begin not to know

the weather, you find yourself at the end of a brilliant other.



FINGER: You find yourself at the end of a brilliant other, locked-in,

locked out, always the screen closed down, cauterizing sexual pleasure.

What does it say but you do or don't want to play.



Image: All download images, set standards for decompressions (so it

breathes easier), create a lapse constructing voyeurism. The lapse is

when the machine runs, processes, begins the unarduous task of pimping

the naked screen. Images break, fall apart; a woman's head appears upon

a man's torso, everything else transformed into noise. The screen 

shatters.



Other forms, Archie, Veronica, Wais, Jughead, ride the protocols as ftp

itself doubles the process. Everything transforms into everything, but 

an address remains just that, not necessarily devoured by access, not

necessarily accessible. It is in fact the _inaccessible_ that may be of

greatest interest, those untraceable telnet locations for example. Here

the backbone meets the gristle, and only a few may apply.



