





Learning to write the united states





Anarchic gangs roam around the united states, meeting in corrals, fight-

ing their way across rocky landscapes, marauding gangs of police have

their own headquarters as well, backwards and forwards there's a slurry

of individuals, organizations, these are the united states, no plan of

action, nothing, no law, this is why the rest of the world fears us,

we've got no idea what we're doing, no compunctions. But we've got money

and I hear the color's going to change, tell one bill from another, blue

one green five, maybe yellow two or a ten. So they'll circulate, these

abstract numbers and we can learn adding just as well, one-ten make green

five, what have you. But we have no regard for this. We have no regard

because there will be no history of anything otherwise different, because

as I've always said, our history's in the future, and is whatever we'll

say it will be, unless someone else says something different, and that's

okay too.



We have the space to draw lines in the sand in the grass prairies across

the mountains, still the space, and the groups there to draw it. What

clashes is languages, but the languages, all of them, are getting smaller

and there are new ones every day, everyone speaking all the time. But why

listen when there's nothing to say and it's all reported and there's too

much of it; which is why there's a focus on Mica-Madonna, Simpson-Silver,

which is where Ballard was right before he copped out on telling the 

truth about the present. But you can have any truth you want.



What you have to understand is that this isn't even anarchy, it's not a

lack of organization, it's just that organization doesn't figure into it.

Nothing figures into it, nothing but those moments when you trace things

walking a path across a national park, which is all there is here, 

designed and very dangerous for we have guns. We have the aces up the 

sleeve as well. So you've got to understand it's not government, big or

little, but that's a page of it, and it's not one or another party, but

that's another page - and it's not outlaws, nothing like that. It's the

names that are given to things which are weakened and fall off things, 

and that falling off is the united states and maybe america too.



Like there should be an ending, like a description which curls round

itself, completes something. What we keep telling you is everything is

equivalent; this is what we used to tell ourselves. First we told our-

selves, and that was the eighteenth century. Then we listened, and that

was the nineteenth century. Then we tell you, and that goes on forever.

Like I said as well, there's no then we are told, only the telling of

the future and we're good at that.



