





The Beauteous Text of the Holiday Spirit





The pillars of Solomon glowed maroon and turquoise in the heat of summer

dusk and the stars began to appear above the swollen breast of the land

studded with pebbles of brilliant colors. O was I far from home, waiting

for the appearance of the omen, my young face covered with tears as I

hugged the trembling earth to myself, the city distant, almost a memory,

beneath me. The galaxies of man and woman collided with the wheeling

storm of light glinting from years ago, star-swarms flooding the sky

dashed with meteoric spoors. I could hardly see, would hug the earth for

all time, for all space, the tiniest creature carried forth against the

heavens with their air cooling, creatures scurrying among the rocks.



Here, there would be the presage of my future, I was sure of it, an omen

waiting to happen, an omen in the works, in God's plan for all of us. 

Not now, not until later, I would whisper to myself, holding my breath,

my body shuddering, overtaken by forces that yet had no name, even now

are nameless. It was not until I returned to the capital city, to another

dusk on the outskirts, covered with brush and scurryings of greater 

intensity, that I received the sign I had been awaiting all my life, the 

thin and vectored presence of a silver fox running across my path, this 

fox which was the fox of God, this omen, predestined to announce itself 

to me. 



For I knew then that the fox and omen (I could not separate the two)

existed only to announce themselves, prophesizing the appearance of still

greater future and more miraculous occurrences. And as I have aged, each

event in my life seems part of God's plan in this fashion, another sign,

announcement, filled and fulfilled with longing, part of a greater pic-

ture which has yet to reveal itself to me in its entirety. I read script

after script, each leading me onward; the fox has long since disappeared,

is long since dead, and still my eyes fill with tears in the evening 

dusk, waiting, waiting, against the onslaught of those oh so brilliant

stars...



