





To my Future Descending





If I die, I want to die here, in this space, the cenotaph in flux, rota-

tion of myriad circuits, slow fields ascending through galactic motions, 

the delicate filigree of molecule and universe. Inscribe the circuit as 

helix, skein of possibilities forever divided by the abyss that opens at 

the heart of the digital, blank absence granted meaning only by the sur-

rounding corral. I embrace you, exhale language moaning, even the words 

carry no children but the words. What I would give you are the words.



No longer speaking of theory, of presence or absence within this untoward

realm, nor of the writing that chimes in with announced existing, I turn

towards the sun refusing light, turn towards nebulae in the depths of

space unprotected from surges of current; thinned out and inconceivable,

this body recuperates death. I would have thee remembered with me and 

unto me, cleaved close to the heart of things, cut from the heart and

returned to the heart; I would stitch the abyss with wires, surgical

healing of unrecuperated division. The stitches spell the name engraved

in the flesh of the wires; the stitches spell the name, forwards and

backwards, all permutations of the name, the gaze upon the wound read-

ing such letters as they present themselves, as they come forward in

white light against the abyss.



The circuitry carries this local event, its time-cone, light-cone 

wheeling against stars forever closed against me, whole universes I

shall never come to know; the flesh wheels itself invisible and forth-

right. Thus I come to you in the tomb of cyberspace beginning, huddled

against the possibility and prostitution of all meaning, as _if_ I die

turn _when_ I died, possibility always already refusing itself as such.

You only have to go a degree, close, into the future. You only have to

turn around from the degree, wheel yourself, your eyes into the sun,

peer down throughout the degree; I am no longer there. You only have to

remember my name, tomb, grave, memorial, cenotaph, none of these, none

but the dim horizon of the shape-rider. Becoming-shape-rider, my words

melt into you, words never heard nor read, words present in this space,

filling and fulfilling this space. Becoming-shape-rider, you understand

a darkness surrounding this, and the letters so white, so very white,

they engrave me forever on galactic rim, looking deep into galactic

hole, riding all the way down, forgetting the name as tidal forces draw

being itself apart, as there's no room for nothing thought.



(My future descending, I leave you this, all shape-rider, all beauteous,

all thought.)



