

Telephone: 718-813-3285 Email: sondheim@panix.com, sondheim@gmail.com

Current URLs:
http://www.asondheim.org/
http://biblioteknett.no/alias/HJEMMESIDE/bjornmag/nettext/ (nettext only)
http://www.as.wvu.edu/clcold/sondheim/ (WVU projects)
http://www.as.wvu.edu:8000/clc/Members/sondheim  (current WVU projects)
http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/index.htm  (Trace projects)
http://www.as.wvu.edu:8000/clc/projects/plaintext_tools/ (WVU wiki)
http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt/ (nettext plus backup)


Current Work: The Sampler on DVD+


The Sampler opens as a directory structure on PCs and most Macs. It 
contains almost all of my texts, and over a thousand images/video/
soundworks/programs/etc. Contact Alan Sondheim. $20 which includes
shipping in the U.S.

Some of the video is also available as a 'Compile' DVD which plays on a 
standard DVD player; this is offered at the same price. However, I 
recommend the sampler for image quality.


Current Books, CDs, DVDs, etc.:


VEL
by Alan Sondheim
$16.00 
Based on Virtual Environment work, an intense selection of recent texts
on motion capture, avatars, online experience, and language. A must!
http://www.cafepress.com/cp/browse/Ne-6_N-1203+1016+20472268_nr-1_bt-1


.echo
by Alan Sondheim
Alan Sondheim's new ebook, .echo, takes you on a fascinating journey with 
Nikuko Meat-Girl into the language of avatars, transliterate lovemaking 
and virtual subjectivity. While interacting with Sondheim's ebook of 
mystical eroticism, the reader will lose themselves in a net.fiction 
charged with sex, obsession, codework and real bodies pushed to the limit. 
A provocative theory-world presented in the guise of experimental 
narrative, .echo takes the reader on a high-speed, yet zen-like trip 
through a hallucinatory landscape that one can imagine used to be the 
world. There's never been anything like this book as it confounds the 
relationship between America and Japan, prosthetics and aesthetics, 
visible words and invisible intelligences. Enter at your own risk!
http://www.altx.com/ebooks/echo.html

   Orders of the real by Alan Sondheim; Writers Forum June 2005

   ISBN 1 84254 601 5 A4 portrait, 44 pp 4 UK incl post UK - email
   writersforum@britishlibrary.net for overseas. Sterling payments only
   please

   Mailing address Writers Forum 32 Downside Rd, Sutton, Surrey SM2 5HP,
   UK

   Orders of the Real brings together a number of essays which have
   appeared online and offline over the past two decades. The themes are
   the big ones: the appearance of the world; the wilderness of media;
   inscribing the real; and defuge - the exhaustion of sexuality, theory,
   and thought itself Sondheim has written: "These are the essays I
   return to, over and over again; along with Sophia, they present as
   full a vision of the world as I am capable of."

   Sophia by Alan Sondheim, Writers Forum July 2004

   36 pp, A4 ISBN 1 84254 583 3; 3.75 UK incl p & p UK - email
   writersforum@britishlibrary for oversea. Sterling payments only please

   Mailing address Writers Forum 32 Downside Rd, Sutton, Surrey SM2 5HP,
   UK

   "[Sondheim's] writing exploits the plasticity of natural and machine
   language and other codes, unpicking seams of system front ends; and he
   is a stylist, even with system-mediated text, the style in
   appropriateness rather than familiarity.

   He's funny, but it's not punchline humour... The writing comes at
   stand up speed... in an inversion of the bureaucrat's need-to-know

   He projects and expands and redirects personal need, working through
   it intensely, hunger amidst insubstantial plenty, where the material
   is imaginary... in a place occasioned through computers, where what is
   familiar is parodic, undermined / undermining as it is manifested."

   Lawrence Upton at Incubation 3, Nottingham Trent University, 12^th
   July 2004

The Wayward
Salt Books
The Wayward is an exploration into virtual life and theory. It uses tools 
from codework to traditional genre; much of its work is the result of 
programming intended to create systems of circulating texts. Think of The 
Wayward as a poetics of the imaginary, stumbling over the grounds of the 
real - constantly questioning linguistic referents and 'meaning in 
general.' The work is a ground-breaking exploration of the roots and 
structures of online and offline life, in which language simultaneously 
explodes and implodes. Conversations among 'emanents' dominate 
inconceivable landscapes; sexualities are constructed and deconstructed. 
There's not another work like it.
http://www.saltpublishing.com/books/smp/1844710475.htm


Being On Line, Net Subjectivity
Edited by Alan Sondheim 1996-7.
Note: This may or may not be available at this time. 
Being on Line is an historic exploration of the theory and practice of 
virtual identity as well as its effects. Unlike many recent books on the 
Internet, it focuses both on the promises of the technology and the actual 
content being developed by users of this form of exchange. Among the 
thirty-two authors are Angela Hunter, Ellen Zweig, and Nesta Stubbs; net 
feminist Doctress Neutopia; anthropologist Roger Bartra; and theorists 
Friedrich Kittler, Slavoj Zizek, Mark Poster and Gregory Ulmer. Artists 
include Mike Metz, Alice Aycock, Peter Halley.
208 pages, with 16 pages of color and 192 illustrated pages in black and 
white. In English and Korean. ISBN 1-882791-04-5 Paperback 7 x 91/2 in., 
208 pages, 16 color. $15.00 U.S.
http://www.thing.net/lusitania/Online/current.html 
Can probably be ordered from:
D.A.P/ Distributed Art Publishers
155 Sixth Avenue, 2nd Floor, New York, N.Y. 10013-1507 
or call toll-free 1-800-338-BOOK


The Case of the Real 
Potes and Poets Press, 1998 (2 chapbooks)
Note: Most probably available.
Volume One 44 pages ISBN 0-937013-90-9 
1998 $7.00 New Chapbook Series #15 
Volume Two 41 pages ISBN 0-937013-91-9 
1998 $7.00 New Chapbook Series #16 
2 Volume Set for $13
Potes & Poets publications are available from:
Small Press Distribution
1341 Seventh St.
Berkeley, CA 94710
www.spdbooks.org	


American Book Review, special issue on Codework
September/October 2001 [Volume 22, Issue 6]
FOCUS: Codework
Introduction: Codework Alan Sondheim
Essay: Codework McKenzie Wark
Essay: E_Rupture://Codework"."Serration in Electronic Literature
Talan Memmott
mezlllnetl!lzen - Net Fr!sson Beatrice Beaubien
Xanadu, the Web, and a Little ZigZag Belinda Barnet
Software Art and Writing Florian Cramer, drafted with Ulrike Gabriel
http://www.litline.org/ABR/issues/Volume22/Issue6/abr226.html


Hollywood (1981) 16mm, b&w, sound, 70 min. rental price: 140.00
The triangulation of three women and a man, set against the 
psychogeographical landscape of Los Angeles-Hollywood in particular. With 
Jocelyne Doray and Laura Parker. This film was designed as an $800 
"feature" complete with characters. Its theoretical basis is from Luce 
Iragaray and others concerned with the phenomenology of feminine space.
... Los Angeles appears laid out like the flesh of a postmodern body. 
Characters speak and intermix their own and other' lines, and ruptured 
desire flows everywhere through the work. The film is also a strange 
homage to Los Angeles, with shots ranging from Laurel Canyon to the 
Central Market, from Pasadena through Hollywood...The landscape is always 
vaguely catastrophic, inscribing the characters in terms of one another, 
but -- as in a great deal more recent work -- identity is always fluid. 
This and a great many other films (16mm, 8mm, S8mm) at
www.film-makerscoop.com/catalog/s.html


Prespace (CD) available from Alan Sondheim
 or (if you're in the vicinity) Grand Central Art Center,
 Santa Ana, CA.
9 guitar works recorded flat with 1920 Larson parlor guitar.
Audio works from VLF (very low frequency) radio recording.
Audio works from VLF audio recording with frequency shifting.
Audio works with tottering granular synthesis.
Highly recommendated. $10 including shipping.


Unbalanced (CD) available from Alan Sondheim
with Matt Frantz, electronics, electric bass, electric guitar
Alan Sondheim, nylon acoustic guitar.
High recommended collaboration between the two of us.
From Alan Sondheim, $10 including shipping.


T'Other Little Tune (CD)
Artist: ALAN SONDHEIM
re-recording of vinyl lp
Catalog #: ESPCD 1082
http://www.espdisk.com/store2.html
1968-9


Ritual-all-7-70 (CD)
Artist: ALAN SONDHEIM
re-recording of vinyl lp
Catalog #: ESPCD 1048
http://www.espdisk.com/store2.html
1968-9


The Songs (CD)
http://www.museumfire.com/sondheim 
First ever reissue of "The Songs", the debut recording by Alan Sondheim
& Ritual All 770, originally released on Riverboat Records (later
recordings appeared on ESP Disk). Recorded in March 1967 and included
on the legendary Nurse With Wound list of experimental recordings, on
this album Alan Sondheim played Electric Guitar, Violin, Flute, Suling,
Xylophone, Alto Saxophone, Classical Guitar, Clarinet, Shenai, Bass
Recorder, Mandolin, So-na, Hawaiian Guitar, Koto, Sopranino Recorder,
Chimta, Cor Anglais, Sitar and Bansari.
Joined by Barry Sugarman (Tabla, Dholak & Naquerra), Chris Mattheson
(Bass), Robert Poholek (Trumpet & Cornet), Ruth Ann Hutchinson (Vocals),
June Fellows (Vocals) and J.Z. (Jazz Drums); Ritual All 770 were a group
of improvisors living in Providence, Rhode Island. (Perhaps they could
be considered the sonic forebearers of the Fort Thunder scene...)
Rejecting the notion that avant garde music was solely the realm of
isolated academia, they delved fearlessly and joyously into their
music, creating a work that sounds fresh nearly 40 years later.
FROM THE LINER NOTES:
This work is a single improvised performance in which one of the
performers sings "Oratorio on the end of illusions", although, in
my libretto the words were originally "Oratorio on the end of
visions". A libretto of eight pages was prepared. The vocalists
were not told how to sing it. They could go backward or repeat
any section if they wanted to. There was no score. The only
instruction given to the instrumentalists was this: no playing
behind the koto or classical guitar. I had several rehearsals with
each of them, mostly individually. The session lasted through two
takes, this is the second. After the master was made, I added
reverberation and volume controlling; other than that, all of the
music heard here is from the live performance.


The following are available through Printed Matter:
http://www.printedmatter.org/


Forlorn Matter
Alan Sondheim
Self-published text (a second version appeared in the anthology
Unnatural Bodies). $8.00


Archive 3.7 CDrom
Alan Sondheim
Brooklyn, NY: Sondheim. 2001
Archive 3, 7, previously Sub/Con/Text, is a complete collection of the 
artist's work. It includes several web suites, over 5000 pages of text, 
500 images, numerous videos and sound works, computer programs, and all 
sorts of additional materials. There are several book-length manuscripts, 
a number of articles, and the full Internet Text, described as a 
"continuous meditation on philosophy, language, and virtual subjectivity." 
The cdrom will open in Mac or PC; only the web suites might be a problem 
in Mac, although all materials are completely accessible through the 
directories. (Please note: This is somewhat superceded by Sampler, but is 
an excellent snapshot of work 1995-2001.) $14.00


New Observations. No. 120 (Winter 1999) Cultures of Cyberspace 
Alan Sondheim, editor New York, NY: New Observations Ltd.. 1999 Begun in 
the early Eighties, this artist-run periodical features a wide range of 
visual art, artists projects, essays, poetry, and fiction; each issue is 
guest-edited and devoted to a specific cultural theme. Editor Alan 
Sondheim collected texts about the Internet with images chosen as a 
counterpoint -- "they reflect spaces and bodies that are effaced, 
occluded, ghostlike." Contributors include: Laurie Cubbison, Alexanne Don, 
Jerry Everard, Amy Fletcher, Radhika Gajjala, Eve Andree Laramee, Nick 
Mamatas, Jon Marshall, Caitlin Martin, Michael W. Spirito, John Suler, 
Ryan Whyte, and others. Images by Robert Cheatham, Emily Cheng, Janieta 
Eyer, Nancy Haynes, Hokusai, Ichi Ikeda, Fanny Jacobson, Eve Andree 
Laramee, Kim McGlynn, Barbara Simcoe, David Smith, Tyler Stallings, 
Tsukioka Yoshitoshi, and Thomas Zummer, among others. $6.00


Damaged Life
Denise de la Cerda, Alan Sondheim
Dallas, TX, 1986
This exploration of space, lines, and existence is realized through 
electronics, tape recorders, keyboards, drum machines, mixers, 
miscellaneous acoustic instruments, and an accompanying booklet of black 
and white drawings of the artist recording these sounds.
Cassette. Damaged life was a post-industrial group whose recordings were 
generally distributed on Spasm Cassettes, Austin. $7.00


Older:


Disorders of the Real
Station Hill, 1988. Note: This may not be available at this time. 
http://www.stationhill.org/sondheim.html
(Available direct from Alan Sondheim, $12.00 including shipping.)

Individuals: Post Movement Art in America
(anthology) New York: Dutton Books, 1977. Not available: check abe

The Structure of Reality
(Self published through Nova Scotia College of Art and Design), 1977.
Not available: check abe

Strata 
NSCAD, 1972
Not available: check abe

An,ode
Burning Deck Press, 1968
Experimental work, check abe


