

-


Ornament


There has been so _much_ written about the ornamental, filigree, in rela-
tion to what might be considered _essential_ in terms of a work of art -
or for that matter any other entity, what is defined, emerges, as entity. 
(One thinks of feminist analysis, in relation to ornament and kitch, over 
the past tweny years, for example.)

Ornament retards the emergence of entity; contours are blurred, defini-
tions become fuzzy. This is of great import. Emergence loses its autonomic
aspect, reproduces the presentification of the self as well. 

Background and foreground disappear, retard one another. What sloughs off,
is the order of the abject. Consider this in relation the background radia-
tion, death, shit, the relative powers of horror described by Kristeva. Or
consider this in relation to _weak thought_ as described by Gianni Vattimo
in The End of Modernity:

"From a Heideggerian point of view, the work of art as the occurrence of a
'weak' truth is understandable, in so many senses, as a monument. It may
even be thought of in the sense of an architectural monument that contri-
butes to form the background of our experience, but in itself generally
remains the object of a distracted perception." "Background"  and "dis-
tracted" are critical here, the nuclear family of those 1980s buzzwords,
"peripheral," "marginal," "nomadic." But _here_ one has nowhere to travel
- and travel would be literally _beside the point._

One might say that ornament is a function of the fractal, self-similarity,
and/or the problematization of dimension, which is to say, in daily life,
the problematization of space itself. Interior and exterior (like the ego)
become matters of membrane transmissions, coagulations. Input and output 
are relegated, from the transmission model, into the semi-coherent model 
of content against the effacement of background/foreground distinctions. 

All of which, as I indicate above, produces unease, dis-ease. The self- 
similar 2.7 K background radiation of the universe replaces the ether as 
source of birth and death; no _word_ can stand against it (there is no 
origin for stance as well). Let us consider in this regard, the enumera- 
tion or naming of entities as fractal prosthetics, which occasionally 
harden: _there_ is a tree, _here_ I am. 

Note in passing (as this is all in passing) the violence inherent in the
elimination and decoupling of the inscription or boundary in the Bavarian
rococo - the Asamkirche for example. Ornamentation simultaneously decoup-
les and _occupies_ - think of Mayan glyph stones, the scrawl of Hittite 
hieroglyphs, the scrawl of Jenny Holzer. 

For that _matter,_ think of my two injunctions concerning cyberspace: 
Create a niche, and community will come. Create a niche, and sexual de-
sire overflows, inverts the body itself. Community and sexuality are
occupations, decoupling their spaces (the two are one and the same pro-
cess in the end). 

But then, this is a text, perhaps my most important one, nonetheless,
and as a result, dissembling, not getting to the _point._


