


State of the Art = Art of the State


The State of the Art on the Internet has become the Art of the State.  Ta-
king stock produces fast-forward book after book, article after article,
on Web/Java development. This isn't like high-definition television, which
got mired in America as a result of in-fighting; this is imminent and wild
- "wild development" to be sure with widely-varying standards, the old RFC
concepts all but forgotten. 

In part, it's because so little cash is needed for R&D - don't forget that
an easy $10k setup will buy you freedom to invent. Relate this to compar- 
ative work in, say, video - where software becomes hardware - and the 
difference is enormous. Invention in software, after all, is _linguistic 
invention,_ not material construction. That's all the difference in the 
world. Anyone can get into it.

This is also coupled with the increasing gap between those who don't know
what a return key is, and those who are comfortable with, say, sockets,
ATM, and the like. The knowledge is difficult to obtain, but nowhere, say,
on the order of string theory - it's not impossible. It's also hot know-
ledge - anything linguistics performative appeals to 18-20-year-old adren-
alin, because it rules the world, establishes the framework of the world 
it rules, and runs desire all the way down the leg into international fi- 
nance. 

One look at Internet World will convince you of all of this. There's not a
mention, by the way, of darknet - or of _community._ Community seems the
least of it, replaced by the rugged individualism of graphics, mass ap-
peal, and _designers._ It's the return of hacking full-force, as if
community, beyond the institution (MIT, etc.) itself, were a temporary
blip in CMC development. 

There is writing, on occasion, NY Times material, on email and email glut,
but this appears as nobody's business, almost non-Net, not quite cricket. 
What's odd is the result - all the analysis and study of the Net at this
point is ironically focused on just those communities being ignored - re-
search being done on MOOs, MUDs, IRC, newsgroups, email itself. Academics
are slow to realize the rest of the world sees in color, and no matter how
prescient theorists want to feel, they're light-years behind the time. I
know from my forays _there._ It's time for Web analysis, policy (not that
anyone will care) - time for thinking about the political economy of the
Web in relation to specific "killer apps," "cool sites," and the like.

So beyond the academic, the Art of the State is taking over, full-force; 
the darknet continues to recede. And the Art of the State requires an
understanding of economics as well - it's a matter of hiring, firing,
lifestyle and the kitchen sink, when a Net "consultant" stands up on the 
five o'clock news and declares that you can't even consider building a 
corporate Website/presence without a _minimal_ outlay of $250,000 - and 
expect to go please please please to at least 2-3 million. 

Meanwhile, hundreds of new MOOs are springing up, Usenet's collapsing in 
a mess for the most part (although the moderated lists are doing fine), 
and the older MOOs seems either neurotic or devoid of life, or both, 
something interesting for the millennium. Who want to read when you can 
have those neat little applets running around in your machine? Or letters 
that can actually turn while you shuffle frames? Wow!

Nothing need be said, more, about the upgrading/NC development needed 
here and what it will do to your/our/my pocketbook. Nothing need be said 
either about the fact that most of the world's POP can't get on-line at 
all, much less afford or give a damn about Windows 95. At least Brenda 
Laurel realized that VR was a bubble _then_ no matter what the future 
might bring. Time to move on; there's this GREAT URL...

(Finally, in spite of the anarchic waves of development, the very rela- 
tion to venture capital, the entrepreneurial spirit, and late capital in 
general, makes one wonder about the State in all of this - not in terms 
of CDA pro and con, which is minor, leftovers from the darknet era - but 
in terms of potential authoritarian evolution. I'm enough of a pessimist 
to believe this is the case, that the future Wired world will also be the 
World of Wired, all revolution on the cover, all corporate behind the 
table of contents. It's a frightening thought, if for no other reason 
than the 50-odd wars currently being fought around the world, the proli- 
feration of nuclear material and abandoned nuclear weapons, our continued 
tendency towards global extinction of wildlife on all levels, etc. In NYC 
for the first time ever, male (not just minority) life-span is on the de- 
cline. Think about it.)


