


-



Grace 

                                 _""Grace to be born, and live as
                       variously as possible" Frank O'Hara"

"Grace to be born and live as variously as possible" Ted Berrigan

Grace to be born and live as various as possible, to be of what
Dairy Queen Empire (local reference), I would say SAL.LUGAL.GAL, O
mesmeric Sumerian! But to be born _foundling_ on MOO or MUD,
re/produced out of absent air, fecund letters inhaled sullen
packets-to-which-there-is-no-clay-envelope! HERE you read A Place
Where Nothing Gets Stuck. There is room for _Everyone_ in the Queue!

"The body inscribes part of its effort, depending on its position and
need, in order to descend and work against the current, against the earth.
It inscribes the orientation of its drives. Which is difficult.  when we
climb up toward the bottom, we proceed carried in the direction of--we're
searching for something: the unknown..." (Helene Cixous, Three Steps on
the Ladder of Writing.)

Clara Emerges!

Clara Comes Forth, Wearing Her Number On Her Back!
Everyone Is Child To The Parent!
Packets May Travel At Any Speed!
Waiting At The Portal! Suddenly:
BIRTH! (You Read These Words!)

PING CLARA!

Oh Alan Is Dead! But:

"July 1
& the main thing is we begin with a white sink a whole new language
is a temptation. Men on the wall in postures please take your foot 
by your hand & think that this is pictures" 
(from Bernadette Mayer, Memory.)

I steal from the New York Poets! O Second Third Generation Thank you Mike! 
(Grace cuts me out of her life.)

                   "I am on a mountain. Grace is in the bathtub. Ed is on 
the phone."
(from Bernadette Mayer, Moving.)
                                         
When I began my life, I wrote this:     (

All my life, I have been very careful _closing the parentheses,_ affir-
mation that _I refuse to be parenthetical._ But _this,_ I have kept open,
assuring my own existence, through cuneiform, hand-writing, machine wri-
ting, LOWER ASCII! I have suffered much! Still, I refuse closure, what
would enable _an immediate and painful death._ (Thus I, CLARA!))

OOPS!


