

-



Seduction: A Machine of One's Own


What constitutes seduction in cyberspace, in net sex or net romance? 
Where are the signifiers, the ellipses, the gaps in enunciation that 
indicate the trembling of body, slight sheen of moisture on the skin? 
And what acts accompany this form of seduction? What acts are consti- 
tuted in the real, what acts remain inviolate/violated in cyberspace?

The very forms of the questions lend themselves to a romance of languor,
reclining as inner speech dies out, memories of texts emerge, transfor-
med into ragged images. But it is the ellipsis that captures our atten-
tion, the ellipses constituting arousal as the voice pauses, flesh swells
through the gaps in leather harness, organs thrust forward, a certain
vulnerability... 

Or rather, it is our appearance of vulnerability, behind our texts, cap-
tured in our expostulations, that seduces as well, an appearance that is
as much construct as truth, as much truth as lie.  (Late at night in the
darkened bedroom, one may turn to one's lover, sen- sing someone _unutter-
ably_ alien sharing and shattering a moment of intimacy.)

Beyond projection and introjection, -jectivity, there is an _intention_ to
seduce, conscious or not, the signifier of a secret knowledge, promise of
real and ready contact. The traditional _techniques_ of seduction - the
hint, blank, withdrawal, negotiation, slip of the tongue, aside - are at
work in cyberspace as well, which also includes the erotics of lag, the
intimacy of @whisper and /msg, and the _explicit_ pronouncement of for-
bidden works and actions, all performative within the fantasm of mastur-
bation. (Other factors at work include the phenomenology of the chat app-
lication, the interpenetration of texts, the solitude of the writers. All
of this works in asynchronous applications at well, including the plea-
sure of the private post, the intimacy achieved when email is finally
signed "love," or "xo," working through homepages or exchange of .gif
images, etc. It's important always to think of the _site_ of reading and 
writing, in the broadest possible sense.)

Seduction here may be nothing more than giving oneself to the screen it-
self, responding within the inertness of one's own bedroom or other site; 
on one hand, it is all computer, all terminal, and on the other, it occurs
_precisely_ within the flood of the real - within which the seducer ap-
pears, at best, only as image. This is part of the critical _ease_ of on-
line seduction - that it occurs entirely within the imaginary, that there
are no fluids exchanged, that the contract / contact is between text and
text. (As I have pointed out elsewhere, seduction leads to increasingly
material exchanges, beginning with text, moving through telephony, ex-
changes of "real" letters and photographs, ending with real-life contact. 
And no wonder that the last is called a _flesh_meet, for it is not the
clothing that is at stake, nor the sight and taste of the voice.)

In the safety of our homes, we release our bodies, our daemons. In the 
safety of our homes, we rehearse them as well. The body at the other end 
of the text is dreamed, hysterically embodied; the body at the other end 
of the telephone is threatening, filling aural space, the breath of some- 
one being close-at-hand. It's too much like real life, real sex; it can 
constitute a threat much more quickly than text, which is always already 
totally within the production of the symbolic (-jectivity of the imagin- 
ary). The grain of the telephone voice conducts the real; the quality and 
style of ascii text refers to the comfortable bedrock of every CMC, in- 
cluding the self-serving software on a machine of one's own.

And in fact, it is within _a machine of one's own_ that one whispers se-
duction, that one conjures the other through forbidden and empathetic
magic, that one constructs cyborgflesh, distended flesh, harnessed by
language, the mouth gagged, eyes wide open, legs spread by the other, all
given and forgiving, all terminal, Barthes' punctum centered in Woolf's
room. It is just as much psychological as sexual seduction (and there is
little difference/differentiation, or rather both are problematized with-
in the Other), just as much the whispering of secrets as the mutual and
solitary enactment of secret desires. It is a world opening in the center
of One, it is the other come for admonition, absolution, engorgement, the
very seed of life. As Sartre might have said in way different context, it
is the machine in one that does the dreaming (and capital does the rest). 


