
-


User


Several comments here - first, I'm curious what's the total bandwidth for
people accessing the Net? In other words, the slowest and fastest
machines, including stats on RAM/ROM etc. I'm somewhere in the middle of 
what I would imagine is a bellcurve biased towards the high end.

I'm somewhere in the middle and like many of you, can't afford upgrading. 
This leaves me with Windows 3.1, no place for a CD-ROM since my IDE is 
taken up with a second hard drive, and everything 16-bit to boot. As I 
mentioned quite a while ago, things like Real Audio 2.0 won't run. I do 
have Netscape Atlas, but it won't pick up Java, only Java-script. 

What's the point? That I've reached a _plateau_ and can't go elsewhere for
awhile - which affects my teaching, and even my research to some extent.
The plateau is based on the potential for continuous upgrading. The result
is that I've actually retreated, rarely going to Netscape, or using the
cybercafe when I "have" to, not bothering with Real Audio and some of the
other apps at all. I haven't bothered to download the new CuSeeMe for
example, and I'm sure my Iphone, which I registered a year ago, is way way
out of date. (There's also laziness involved. I get tired of beta versions
and testing, watching things crash through various bugs. If I want to hack
on the machine, I want to hack creatively, not configuring someone else's
software.)

While this state of affairs reads like yesterday's news, particularly the
numerical versions of the software apps, the _state_ itself, caught up
nowhere in particular, is common everywhere. I think it may be responsible
in part for people turning away from the Web, etc., and more towards the
usual email uses of the Net. Look at it this way: when I need to drive, I
have use of a 1981 Volvo, and even my Hi-8 video is from 1991. My oscillo-
scope is from 1959, my video monitor from 1979, my classic guitar from
1949, etc. I tend to use a vacuum tube 1950s shortwave for the sound qual-
ity when I can. But my 1993-4 computer is already out of date, and as I've
pointed out (this whole post is somewhat a repeat, for which I'm sorry)
before, the software companies pay NO ATTENTION TO BACKWARD COMPATIBILITY.
This is also for the most part true of Web sites - frames etc. won't run
on older Netscapes that use less RAM. And you should see what happens to a
lot of pages on lynx - even though lynx is still the second-most popular
browser.

So the point is, that I'm in the middle of the bandwidth (486dx33, 16meg
RAM, 720 hd), and this state defines a _plateau of potential access,_ some
things working/workable, some things not. And because of this relatively 
"crippled" state, I tend more towards text-based applications, which use 
the usual highly restricted client-server bandwidth - I can go in on my 
notebook (486sx25, 4meg, 170) at 2400 baud without any difficulty.

I wonder if anyone is doing research on this notion of the plateau, and 
how it connects with other real-life demographics? I find myself moving 
more and more towards the lower slopes of the Net, less and less caught 
up in the hysteria. 

Finally, I don't see any end, by the way, to these situations which are 
driven by capital in particularly ugly fashion. While the details will 
change, the plateau won't. The "market" will be volatile for years to 
come. And I'll be way down beneath it, grunting with community.


