
-


Linguistic Dispersion and the Theorization of the Internet


While the Internet itself is a collocation of client-server technologies
that are not necessarily implemented with the same structures (even TCP/IP
is of limited presence), there are elements that are open to analysis, 
that cross traditional boundaries, and that are susceptible in fact to a 
theoretical linguistics of language change, acculturation, and upheaval.
Colin Renfrew describes a number of scenarios for such transformations, 
some of which go back to nineteenth-century thinking. In any case, these 
and others can be used for theorizing elements of the Net that otherwise 
go undetected or are described purely through phenomenological approaches.

I will give examples of these scenarios and their usefulness in theorizing
the Net. I am not of course vouching for their verity in Indo-European or
other studies, although my understanding of them has come from such read-
ing. 

1. Takeover: One domain is subjected to another by conquest, and the lat-
ter may impose new standards. An example is the Netscape takeover of Mo- 
saic (and for that matter, Netcruiser); early Web accounts presented the 
latter as the primary browser. The takeover is accompanied by continued 
development of Netscape (see below), into further extensions of html, 
Java, and now telephony. This can be considered a _replacement model_ in 
a network _core._

Takeover results in _colonization_ that then transforms into self-colon-
ization, a process described by Franz Fanon. In self-colonization, also
referred to as the myth of a national literature under the sign of empire,
the colonized introject the values of the colonizer. Thus Mosaic has had
to make concessions to the continued growth of Netscape and its dominance; 
and thus the various commercial bbs-services such as Compuserve, AOL, Pro-
digy, etc. have had to scramble to "catch up."

Takeover on IRC, to give another example, can refer to channel takeover, 
and if new techniques are developed, they're recoded and implemented in the 
various war programs. 

2. Language diffusion through perceived superior technology imported from
outside. A Hittite document on horse-training uses Mitannian terms, for
example. Basic Internet terms are often borrowed by other languages direc-
tly, just as Quebec _joual_ spelled "weekend" "ouicenne" in some key 
texts of the 60s. 

The import of technology occurs in a number of areas - from Java applets 
imported into home terminals, to the IRC war programs mentioned in #1. A 
strong instance of this is the continuous cross-fertilization of MOOs, 
with programming on one MOO ported to another. 

Another example is shareware/freeware itself, which is a literal import; 
tiny fugue goes from a single program to "tiny-fugue-like" clients. It 
becomes a class term - just as, for some people "listserv" refers to the 
totality of email lists, not just those employing listserv software.

(Language diffusion can be extremely complex. Diffusion can be localized
and in relation to the Net may include other communications modalities
such as the telephone, printed matter, snailmail, and face to face con-
tact. Think of hacking circuits which use all sorts of contact, including
hacking conferences, 2600 magazine and 2600 newsgroups, etc. These mod-
alities can be seen in relation to Fidonet, as well as local bulletin-
board software, databanks, chat exchange, and in-house email. All of this
is describable by the "wave of advance" model described by Renfrew in
Archaeology and Language. Random localized movement (for example, farmers'
children settling near their parents) results, through quickly increasing 
population density, in widespread cultural influence - without migration, 
takeover, etc. This model works well with the modalities mentioned above, 
all of which could be considered operative on a "neighborhood" model.)

3. There are also _autonomous_ or internal transformations which always 
occur in a series of steps or _plateaus._ Beta-versions of software are 
the simplest example, or decimal-incremental indexing of continuous up- 
grading. (I'm writing this in Pico 2.5 for example.) Beta-versions often 
results in major changes, and the integers are reserved for basic major 
changes (Netscape 1.0, 2.0, etc.). This numbering does go back, I be- 
lieve, to Wittgenstein's Tractatus and the Principia Mathematica of Rus- 
sell and Whitehead; there may be earlier antecedents.

Plateaus "slough" off into _minor steps,_ which are often created to fix
software bugs. These steps may be nothing more than patches into the soft-
ware, or they may be integrated into a new beta version. Usually, they 
are released before the new version, however, sometimes with a warning. 
They can be an Internet form of recall; I've seen this from Pavel Curtis 
in regard to the MOO core, for example. I consider the minor steps a form 
of _accretion,_ the slow growth and maturing of a beta version before its 
abandonment for the next plateau.

4. Renfrew describes a process of empire collapse which is critical for
understanding the Net. The boundary regions of an empire are always sites
of contestation; they also represent the phenomenological horizon of the
Other at odds with the core, which can be conceived of as "the civil." An
empire may over-extend, however, in which case, the boundary regions apply
pressure to the core; at the same time, they may begin defining themselves
as autonomous, using the tools and languages of the core. The core begins
to retreat from the peripheral zone, and the boundary regions move in to a
limited extent, becoming independent and often anarchic. This process
(which I have elaborated on above) characterizes to some extent the break-
downs of the Roman empire and the USSR; in both cases, anarchy has meant 
a problematization of etiquette and rhetoric (both interrelated) as well 
as language itself. (I use "anarchy" in the sense of confused local rule, 
often chieftain-organized, and often in a state of competition with other 
local groups.)

If we look at the Net pre-1989, for the most part it is small, organized 
(the RFCs playing a major and critical role), and, in spite of the Worm 
of 1988, relatively pacific. The development of the Web took this Net by 
surprise; the Web can be considered an intrusion or migration of new 
standards (html, .gif, etc.) across the older Net (within which standards 
such as .gif were relatively well-defined in limited domains). 

What happens? 

a. The Net as a whole splits into ASCII and Web-dominated applications,
with other sound/video/text applications on the periphery.  

b. This split parallels the split between community and presentation - as
well as the split between information and entertainment, and the split
between active and passive. (Please note this is _extremely rough here,_
and not to be taken at all as "ultimate" or "fixed" characteristics. The
reality is much more complex.)

c. The older Net becomes less coherent, and more anarchic; there is a
general system collapse as advertising, hackers, spams, viruses, etc. 
invade. RFCs no longer have the governance (which was by consensus only)
that they once had; their non-commercialist aspect is bulldozed over. 
Newsgroups and the like are increasingly invaded. 

d. In response, this older Net, what I call the darknet, develops more
sophisticated responses, such as filtering, war defenses in IRC, and
totally moderated newsgroups. These parallel the development of monas-
teries in Europe, "citadels" of learning preserving classical texts and
even literacy during the "Middle Ages." As with the monasteries, one can
say that the moderated newsgroups, etc. are interrelated, but the general
sense of Internet community has been increasingly breaking down.

In other words: We can see the older Net collapsing with the rise of the
Web. The collapse is accompanied by a lack of central authority, and the
rise in anarchic tendencies, coupled with defensive responses. And instead
of seeing this as a fight between anarchy (in the traditional sense) and
capital (which it is), one can also see this as a transformation of lan-
guage itself - the older languages becoming jargon, and the newer lan-
guages adopting other sensory modalities, such as image, sound, and move-
ment. (It's useful to think of "jargon" in a technical sense here, re-
ferring to a somewhat underground/underrepresented demographics which has
created its own speech, built on archaic forms to some extent. Consider
the jargon on IRC, or MOO/MUD talk in which the prefix "@" can be used to
delineate an ingroup, create a sense of "local color," and refer to tech-
nical issues. But this jargon, like the MOO language or the MUD lpc, are
becoming increasingly "minor," in the sense of a "minor literature" (see
Deleuze and Guattari on Kafka) - all of these are _regional issues,_ far
away from the concerted sense of power and sentience displayed on the Web
at this point in time.)

This analysis is crude as it stands, and the processes outlined above are
never "pure." But the analysis does take into account such things as pro-
tocol totalities (Unix, html, TCP/IP) and their borders, the growth of new
applications and the disappearance of older ones, and the importing and
exporting of code across the Net, even across applications. If the Net is
a widely disparate accumulation of interconnected functions, protocols,
applications, and demographics (not to mention telecommunications chan-
nels), it is also a somewhat closed region (in the sense of a closed set)
of competing languages, functions, protocols, etc., with _traderoutes_ of
shareware/freeware/coding among them.  Models of linguistic dispersion can
help one understand this relative cacophony. The modeling is rough, but it
just might be the best we have. 

(Further research would take into account "core borrowings," basic struc-
tures or functions that would be imported and rewritten from one to ano-
ther application. The various _forms_ of applications or functions would
be considered, much as differing literatures are examined. Again, Laurel's
work on Computers as Theater has some relevance here. Finally, there is
the issue of dialect. Chomsky somewhere describes a language as a dialect
with an army; here, we can consider its equivalent as an application with
corporate backing. In any case, should Netscape be considered a browser
language, Mosaic and Chameleon as dialects? While these terms seem absurd,
tracing influences among the applications is not, and here again we would
turn to linguistic dispersion theories, considering not only older tree
models of development (i.e. Netscape 2.1b coming before Netscape 2.2b
etc.) but also models based on diffusion, wave phenomena, and overlapping 
regions.)


