


Seduction iii or iv


Some notes to the other texts, still of interest I think -

1. Think of self-hatred and its inversion on the Net - not the cloying of
gender-morphing, but the ability to project ideal forms, leaving the body
and its disabilities behind. One cannot look into a mirror, another is
overweight, a third chronically shy. Self-hatred encrusts our bodies for
one or another reason; seduction with its flow of -jectivity, particles of
the imaginary, inchoate material dredged from the unconscious, creates 
power and the tethering of one to another.

2. Think of evasion. In real life, I write daily, which can create diffi-
culties in a relationship; on the Net, "daily-writing" becomes romantic,
the isolated artist alone in hir garret. Between difficulty and the roman-
tic, there is a lateral movement away from inscribing, towards the very
foundation of inscription or reinscription, which fissures. It is as if
the body pulses in an "unrealistic" identity, collapsing the hardship of
daily text (ranging from rising at 5 a.m. to write, to the accompanying
economic problems). Thus in on-line seduction, one is _wrytten,_ ignoring
the surface signs portending the problems of daily life. It is as if the 
heart speaks a high-school syrup-romanticism, and as if this is the only 
speech there is, the domain of language itself.

3. Think of manipulation. Sexually, we may desire to be manipulated. Psy-
chologically, manipulation criss-crosses seduction; one constructs double
or triple messages, subterfuges, masquerades. The romantic dominates as
the discourse of bodies. Oh well, 3a.

3a. Oh well, there's no cords here, no flesh pressed into new formations,
no money collected at the door, no audience except @go stage at the best.
Thus masquerade is doubly-encoded, as masquerade in real life, with its
attendant codes, and as text, which masquerades the mask, devolves the
body. Seduction is more of a continuous _withdrawal_ on the Net than off,
a withdrawal that pulls the body through tidal forces, remakes the image
of one's own in terms of the other's desire. Like nighttime illumination
(what's lit is only what is _intended_ to be lit), on-line seduction,
through manipulation, relies on procuring from the Other what one desires,
which remakes the Other for the self, a form of _rapture._ It is rapture
that is at work, that is constructed, rapture through a giving to the
text, redefining one's body, as if: These are my organs, now yours. And as
if: Desecration is the first stage of unconcealment. As if: I've never
said this before, to anyone. As if: We're invulnerable here, or as if:
Vulnerability is never an issue (and that is the strength of seduction). 

4. Fantasm, the uncanny, resists analysis. Throw away these propositions! 
See the world in silence! The wryting of the other becomes your cogito:
_It thinks, therefore I am._

