

-


Migrations, Populations


According to Renfrew, migration theory as the prime mover behind language 
change has been challenged. Within the Net, however, migration plays cri- 
tical roles - the Net itself is a migrant population of course.

There are again, a number of questions, in regard to trade-routes, refu-
gees, and peoples: How many participants migrate intra-app, from, say, MUD
to MUD, or MOO to MOO - IRC channel to channel? Almost always there are
home channels and homes on MOOs, locations which are traced by the user as
hearth, domicile, dwelling, even origin. (Intra-app _refugees?_ Look at
the population moving in part from PMC-MOO to ID-MOO when PMC changed. Or
look at what happens on IRC when netsplit occurs.)

It gets more complicated. What constitutes a population on the move, part-
icularly inter-app, across applications? This must happen when new modali-
ties or app variations appear - for example, ThePalace, WorldsChat, I-
Phone, all of which contain community. Where are these people from? Are
they Net newcomers, people who moved "naturally" from the Web directly
into audio/visual modalities, or are they MOO programmers for example,
looking for new challenges such as Iptscrae on ThePalace? 

Again, given such a population move, are the participants composed of
friends, newcomers who are known to each other solely by the Sartrean re-
lationship of seriality, families in real life, net or real life couples? 
Couples in fact often search out new territory such as Powwow, and Iphone
- in particular, territory offering the widest modalities, the potential 
for close and inexpensive contact. Does coupling then lead to the opening 
of new territory for others, their friends, for example?

How many couples, friends, populations, have moved from darknet text-dri-
ven applications, to SLIP/PPP image/sound apps? And how many couples have 
moved _from_ the Net, after all, and how many others have left, having 
exhausted modalities, still finding the medium wanting?

Surely there is a need for a geography of migration across the Net, from
application to application, same or dissimilar... in relation to those
modalities of language transformation I've already outlined. 

