
--


The Haunting Melody (a diversion from my usual)


I want to write about a review I got for my third record, in the Penguin
Encyclopedia of Jazz 1994 (I think that's the title), in which the music
(my group) was called "colorless," "tasteless," my playing bad, and that
somehow I was no danger to the powers that be in the world. Also that it
was the quintessence of the times (came out in May '68). So I just found
out about the review, and the recording of 28 years ago has come back to
haunt me, like Paul DeMan's anti-semitic Belgian book reviews came back to
haunt him. Just so. Just like that.

I was really upset for the first couple of days and didn't want to "let
on." I was upset because I never knew what to make of the records I did,
which are now out on CD, but thought they merited merit of some sort or
another so I went back to give the third (called T'Other Little Tune,
originally on ESP, reissued on CD) a spin. (More precisely a run-through,
since I listened to it on tape.)

Anyway, I was surprised at the quality which was better than I had antici-
pated and just as much a stumbling block as a consonant on the way to
breathing. First, it's true: I can't play trombone! But the rest of the
record was more than adequate for what it was, and what it was/is cert-
ainly isn't jazz, but is something beneath jazz or peripheral to it, which
is why I find myself still interested in it. Read on if you want to find 
out where this interest lies.

Well, what is it? First of all, almost all of the pieces employ the MOOG
analog synthesizer (which we liked so much, we went out and built our own
afterwards). The machine was programmed to block sound - to reconfigure
it. If someone played loud, the machine would diminish the output; if
someone played high, the lows would be emphasized. The result is an odd
wavering compression with a great deal of tremolo, bringing disparate
instruments like trumpet and dilruba together (not to mention jaltarang). 

The record was about _occlusion,_ blocking musical expectation; there is a
"rock" tune for example in which the keyboard, deliberately clumsy, is
played to the foreground, imitating shortwave Morse Code, without echo,
but dominating, blocking the beat beneath. Is this invisible? The occlu-
sion? No, it's foregrounded against a matrix which presages the Kristevan
chora which I believe had yet to be written but was just around the cor-
ner, maybe to think of it as a maternal/matrix of emergence, which must 
sound familiar to the reader or listener of these notes.

The occlusion was a deliberate ugliness or besting of music that retalia-
ted through compression. The result is something peculiar, reminding me of
the tinnitus I still have, or the tinnitus the head of the music depart-
ment at Brown University claimed was the result of one of our concerts. 
While the record makes it sound as if we were whispering to one another, 
in reality the whispering was at the level of a jet engine.

What is the point of this text, which has taken now 3-4 days to think ab-
out and consign to electrons? That one may be haunted by the productions
of one's past, that the productions continue to garner attention both pos-
itive and negative, that new insights are afforded to those who can listen
to their own machinations, over and over again? That reviews can be devas-
tating (this was more than nasty, which is rewarding in its own way), that
music is capable of misinterpretation? It was only 3-4 years ago that
someone called me and told me I had "a bin" at Tower Records here in New 
York - I didn't believe him, until I saw it myself, two of the three re- 
cords (not to mention the sampler?) reissued on CD by another company. I 
never had a contract for T'Other - or rather I had one which I refused to 
sign, but the record came out anyway and I didn't care. 

So what of the music? If you ever get the chance, try and find some of 
the tapes that the Damaged Life group did in the 80s, by far my favorite
stuff, some released on Spasm out of Austin. Foregoing that, listen to 
this third record of devastating tastelessness and colorlessness as well 
as the bad horns (_that_ piece was about echo and architectural resonance 
but never mind - I was friends with Alvin Lucier at the time); it still 
strikes me as odd, as very very odd.

[A second analysis would take into account that ESP recorded New Thing
Jazz primarily, and I certainly didn't belong among the players. New Thing
was and is the most brilliant jazz I've heard outside of bop - musicians
include/d Albert Ayler, Don Cherry, Gato Barbieri, even Paul Bley, Sonny
Murray, Guiseppi Logan, etc. - and ESP was a major label for them, as well
as one of the very first real independents. The music stressed spirit as
well as technique, and was involved in Blackness - Archie Shepp and Leroi
Jones / Imamu Amiri Baraka were among the critics (Shepp was also a lead-
ing musicians, and Jones read against the background or within the fore-
ground of some of the musicians as well). There were some white players
like Barbieri (I think), John Tchicai, Gary Peacock, Carla and Paul Bley
(once related), but someone like me didn't fit in at all. I was reacting
to New Thing but I was also reacting to oud _taksim,_ and other musics, as
well as the work of Lucier, Robert Ashley (who I heard recently again
providing soundwork for Merce Cunningham), Gordon Mumma, Cornelius Cardew,
and MEV. So I came into _sound_ from outer space, and the jazz, whenever 
it appeared on the record, was more surface than anything. I didn't belong
on ESP in this sense and I didn't belong in the Penguin Encyclopedia of 
Jazz for that matter, but there I am with both and I suppose in another 
60 years someone might get as to what I was getting at - and _still_ find 
the work tasteless, colorless, bad, and blahblahblah.]

