


Tabletspace Cyberspace


What if any is the relationship between cuneiform tabletspace and cyber-
space? Is there any reason to consider this at the end of the twentieth
century, when writing is undergoing its second great change, into de-
materialization? 

If the initial stages of writing involved a re-inscription of perceived
states of affairs (let us call these 'representations') into relatively
permanent material substrates, then the final stages of writing involves a
dissolution, not of representation, but of the substrates themselves. 

The substrates can be traced back at least 5000 years; certain pebble
markings carry one back further, although as writing sloughs towards its
beginnings, it becomes less and less decipherable. What carried the pro-
duction of a _sign_ over centuries? 

Such substrates in the form of tabletspace provides tight frameworks or
posts isolated, cut off from coherent identity, resonant with the dia-
chronic; tabletspace registers as antiquated, forming a considerable
portion of writing humanity in parts of the world. 

The posts are cut off from one another, insofar as they register daily
life; as we have seen, in certain circumstances even gender may be pro-
blematic. They carry the _life of time,_ however, its particulation or
distributed intensities across the early writing world. 

They are the obdurate of time; they confront one simultaneously with the
slippage and exhaustion of names and their permanence. Tabletspace is the
space of baked clay, of the desert, of early trade routes, of towns that
would be considered depopulated by current standards. Tablets are likely
to be worn, encrusted; Internet posts on the other hand exist in the rar-
efied junctions of semiconductors and along the purified glass and copper
conduits of the Net. In a sense posts are always on the move, dissolving
shortly after their appearance on the screen. Email has become glut,
information-substance. 

Tabletspace produces hysteric embodiment as one reads through post after 
post, looking for an irreal behind the wedges. Its resistance to duplica- 
tion defines an inverse phenomenology to cyberspace; it is also the pro- 
duction of manual labor, each stroke the memory of human incision.

Tabletspace produces hysteric embodiment as one reads through post after 
post, looking for an irreal behind the wedges. Its resistance to duplica- 
tion defines an inverse phenomenology to cyberspace; it is also the pro- 
duction of manual labor, each stroke the memory of human incision.

Tabletspace is valuable because of its insistence on "the temporal dimen-
sion," this very obdurate that troubles our bodies peering into screens
inscribed with the traces of others. Temporality in Husserl, Schutz, and
tabletspace is the _matter_ of stratification, paralleled by the marks
themselves, from Sumerian, Akkadian, Hittite, Luwian, Palaic, etc.: tran-
scribings, ideograms, graphemes, phonograms, alphabetics, and syllabics. 
Above all, there might be the positioning of the tablet in the hand, its 
rotation along the X-axis to continue writing:

The _direction_ of tablet writing, the geodesic of tabletspace, is as 
follows: The _obverse_ side is written in columns, each top to bottom 
and left to right; the columns are also written left to right. The last 
line, then, end at the lower right-hand corner of the tablet, after which 
the stone is rotated and the text continues, right to left, at the upper 
right-hand corner, working its way top to bottom, right to left, and 
ending at the lower left-hand corner of the reverse. Thus the tablet is 
_cloaked_ or woven, the text bending to its position on the substrate.

I remember Pound's and Fenollosa's insistence on the pictorial quality of
the Chinese ideogram, possibly highly off-base, still implying a unity of
symbol and representation. All of this is romanticized, an attempt to
break down the autonomy of the symbolic, the simulacrum, to retain a sense
of literal _ground,_ not foundation, but earth and tallying at the heart
of grammatology. The reasoning is obscure but it relates certainly to the
desire to inhabit the chora itself, its vaginal walls and sputterings, in
place/space/lieu of the hardening of signifiers. At the beginnings of the
historical written, typification was not yet totally in place, and even
written Hittite or Akkadian borrow, not only ideograms etc., but also Su-
merian meanings criss-crossed with cultures a full millennium (at least)
later. The phenomenology of inscription is in flux or flood; later, with
the development of lower ascii (the second great moment in grammatological
history, within which printing is only a premonition), the phenomenology
transforms into the particulate and well-defined (and here printing indeed
as well as the history of the dictionary and academy plays a major role), 
and the flood moves to quantity and duplication, within and without the 
sememe itself.

In other words: In tabletspace, the flood exists within an instability of
the written, describing particulated matter, obdurate, written upon a ma-
terial and hardened substrate. In cyberspace, the flood exists within and
as a result of the stability of the written, describing simulacra, mobile,
and written within the problematic phenomenology of bytes and "informa-
tion." 

