


You and Me and The Cybermind and FOP-L Email Lists 


"The pages of _Glas_ ruin words, in fact. There is a sense of debris,
which is the obverse of an awareness of the treacherous flow ("glisse-
ment") of language. Time, though, is not against language (or vice versa)
but coterminous with it: to be in the one is to be in the other. If, then,
the page fractures itself with blank spaces and inserts, it is because God
created the world not by the logos but by a slip of the tongue. There is
no single, unifying logos: there is, at most, a divine parapraxis imitated
alike by medieval jongleur and modern grammatologist." (Geoffrey Hartman, 
Saving the Text, Literature/Derrida/Philosophy.)

And initiated by bricoleuse to be sure; the work of Annette Message tru-
queuse, shadowland puppetland flickering across velvet paintings, eagles,
thighs, places itself as well within the limelight or enumeration of fig-
ures, votive and happenstance.

The tongue slips, saliva drooling the edges of those certain posts whose 
future appears without recourse, absolute, transparent as liquidity flow- 
ing from urethral openings, a shimmer or announcement, the return of the 
name, fingering beautiful creatures ourselves.

Motivations towards the machinic, interpenetrated replies, convolutions,
gearing up towards gearing, rivulets. "The depth of vibration is change-
able at will by the adjustable link connecting the two levers, which con-
nect the follower in the switch-cam with the sliding plate." (Benjamin, 
Appleton's Cyclopaedia of Applied Mechanics, 1880.)

Logos which agrees with itself, as all must do, geometries of small fi-
nite elements. "A model of the system is obtains by means of the following
interpretations: the set P of poins is the set of seven letters A, B, C,
D, E, F, G; and the set /\ of lins consists of those subsets of P that 
form the colums of the array ABCDEFG
                             BCDEFGA
                             DEFGABC." (Blumenthal, A Modern View of 
Geometry .) The logos is self-reflexive, mirroring, congratulatory, the 
closed systemic of purified etiquette. But there is always the Lure:

"SUPERVIVA: You will discover that from this point on, every letter is 
better than the rest." (Tavel, The Life of Lady Godiva.)

It shifts/shits/The Slits: 

"Number One Enemy

If you like white, I'll be black,
If you like black, I'll be yellow,
If you like rational, I'll be impossible.
If you like reasonable, I'll be insane.
If you like peace and flowers,
I'm going to carry knives and chains.

I'm going to be your Number One Enemy
All for the hell of it." (Palmolive, Arri Up.)

"The mind is always being trashed: nothing is resolved enough to be dis-
solved." (Hartman.)

"[...] Under these circumstance - these confluences of contraditory ten-
dencies fueled by capitalism but marginal to the capitalist economy - the
best that can be hoped for is a transformation of the alternative system
into a dispersion. [...] Alternative spaces would disappear, replaced by
organism, network, even 'cottage art.' The space of art itself must ex-
plode; the sooner the concept is eliminated, the better." (me in Art and
Artists Spring 86, reprinted in Consider the Alternatives.)

"You just don't get it, do you?" SF to me, Chicago 1991

"'clueless' about cyberspace and cyberculture." ("Lumper" on me, on *Chat-
ter, PMC2-MOO.)

