



#IRCSOME


I throw out, dispose, spawn, some shuttered reflections on IRC, think in 
relation say to MOO or the quietude of ytalk (Tiffany, it's just the two 
of us, say anything you want log on) -

IRC's cranial, imminent, shockwave electrodes criss-crossing the outer 
layers of neural substance, its presence hugged hard against the internal 
surface of terminal decay. Its content is its fissures; it rustles. On 
MOO, interference is programmatic, the construct of exact software; on 
IRC it can be just as much uneasy furious fingerings on keys and macros 
spewing down the gullet gully channel.

Shockwave distributions of spams, bot sputters, cyclings, thrust wave
formations across speech acts sawed apart by operator makes and breaks,
channel bans, floods, messaging, pings. What coheres is density variations
as channels netsplit, smash together on shoals after no one's gone but 
cycled back in with server changes. 

Pure vocal energy intermeshes with performative acts, everything acts 
against everything and you can see electrons light up with radiation 
thrust faster than the speed of light in slower media. Sex organs jump, 
pump, splay, split, splash, splatter. Heidegger dissolves to hello mode 
changelings.

Channels chunnel into one another, bother at crosspurposes messagings 
leaving and comings into privacy announced, roaring by the matrix; you 
might think braid theory. But you can cross, divide, multiply, add; you 
can subtract yourself at any time, subtend operation. 

Community's tight across vestigal scroll; scroll runs into real life just 
like I told you (you read that earlier, didn't you), roils, turbulent; I 
keep my hands in my pockets, tongue-type. Lathered names know one another 
and when I am silent and not-Clara I huddle background witness nothing 
but connect; they who or what connect, then go on elsewhere into electron 
privacy dcc, double cock cunt across fairways o I have never been.

Different politics seethe without the lag of message bases; like net sex 
it can move fast-forward fed by that energy missed everywhere else. MOO 
politics are evil, background disturbances, that lightning presaging im- 
potent earthquakes; it's all there in the record as fury builds to flame 
and spam, shudders off. IRC's got a different energy, ban politics, gone 
girls and boys, and if MOO politics are dishonest erotics, IRC politics 
are honest porn. You know when the Net's split, stocking's ripped, you 
know you're showing, not shown, hacked or tricked. But imminent. Raw.

But less reference, sputtered files, books, articles, papers, archives, 
libraries, elists, museums, objects, welcome botting, bottled messaging, 
so more sophistry (platonic) - not like Xenophon - the carpenter's gone 
home for the day, turned on, tuned in, so much to say and do fingers move 
like hunters on the board - Face your future Tiffany says, I've been 
logging too - Face yr futur she sez, it's the same brain cu no cme.


