


Akasa


"By what sort of Death was the universe covered? This is being answered: 
By _Hunger,_ or the desire to eat, which is a characteristic of death. 
How is hunger death? The answer is being given: _For hunger as death._" 
(Sankaracarya on the Brhadaranyaka U.)

There's a forest clearing and Gerald and Adriana were down there in a
cabin, friends, and it took the FBI to locate them and there was snow on
the ground; I identified Gerald because his khaki Navy pants were hung
outside on a rack on the left. There were lights on and I went to the
door. I heard voices inside and no one opened for me; I knocked and the
voices stopped. So I went in and there were people, students, about eight
of them, sitting around. And I asked them to clean up and leave. One of
them had tracked a pink crystalline snow-like substance on the floor, and
I asked him to clean it up. Gerald and Adriana weren't there. At this 
point in the dream I remember that I had dreamed a beginning that was no 
longer present.

At this point in the dream I think that it will be a nightmare. I think 
that Gerald's and Adriana's absence are _uncanny._ I think further that I 
can be overpowered by this group, by any one of them, in the room. There 
is no reason for them to leave. I think: What about the closets. I think 
about these closets and other closets. I am sure, I think, that this 
dream will be a nightmare. I wake up, rigid with fear. I have had far to 
many nightmares.

At this point in real life, the phone rings, my brother calls. I had been
trying to sleep for once. I slept five hours today, sure sign of depres-
sion. I think: I have no time for the Net, for any of you, for private
lives. I have little time left and what time I have I need for writing. I
think: I am so selfish. I can feel the snow and the pine needles beneath
my feet. The clearing is in a hollow, sloping down. The cabin is some-
thing I can never get to and if I do it will be filled with people who
might be friends but whom I can't trust, people who don't know me. Is the 
cabin cyberspace or a hearth I desire or memories absolutely annihilated 
or is the cabin the denouement of a crime scene or nothing more than peo- 
ple looking for a place to stay while Gerald and Adriana go hiking? 

Now I sit trembling (again) in front of a terminal (again), facing a blank
screen whose gullet I fill (again), hoping not to get chewed up (again). 
As long as the drug takes hold there will be light, will there not. As 
long as I can write, theorize, there will be light falling, of course. As 
long as I am alive, there will be light falling on a subject. As long as 
there is a subject, that is me. Bulbs burn, out.

