


First and Last Writings


(Archaic writing from proto-historic Uruk can be found as early as 3300 
bc; see D. Schmandt-Besserat, An Archaic Recording System and the Origin 
of Writing as well. Lower ASCII origins stem at least as far back as 
Francis Bacon's 16th-century binary cipher, but hangul and Korean print- 
ting are also relevant. The serious promulgation of electronic flights 
begins with the telegraph and Morse code. History dissolves from that 
moment on.)

The first writing is the substance between the teeth, standardization of 
gesture (Tran duc Thao), the necessity of the tally. First and last 
writings share accountancy in common, the earlier computers considered 
primarily as calculators, not theater or neural. 

At the dawn and dusk of the written, one locates the dawn and dusk of the
human, which is not to equate literacy with "human." The symbolic floats,
is tethered. Perhaps it would be better to write "one locates the dawn and
dusk of the cyborgflesh," for it is _that,_ not _tat,_ but the organic ex-
tension into media and information that occurs at these loci, intensifica-
tions. 

At the beginning, the self inscribed into the material substrate of the 
world; at the end, there is the quiet and wistful disappearance of the 
self, its breeze.

Think of the early movement of tally stones as indexical, but the impress-
ing of the same as ikonic; think further of the impression's mobility into
writing beyond accountancy as the lateral development of the "autonomic"
symbolic. Then I would argue that the last writing is also the end of the
symbolic, not the development of simulacra, but the flooding of the world
itself, centrifugal forces splaying the text across epistemes, blinding
one to everything except the exigencies of text forgotten. 

The text forgotten is _cyberspace,_ the opening of the IRC channel, the
sputtering of the performative. There is another form of the performative,
at the beginning of writing, which is the _impress,_ making an impression 
on the socius, the material world garnering witness.

The dispersion of the first and last writings are identical. One connects,
adapts, PC cuneiform in relation to MAC hieroglyphic, everyone looking to
see what those pesky Phoenicians will do in Silicon Alley... 

(There is much work to be done here. Tabletspace descends from tallyspace,
and tallyspace leads to the autonomic sememe; from there, development re-
turns to tallyspace, Babbage, Bacon, Leibniz, and the like. Consider lower
ASCII as textual substance dispersed, imperial, maverick, adopted by wide-
ly varying demographics, and the _closure_ of writing becomes clear, from
traceless origins, non-originary origins (vis-a-vis gestures, tattoos,
scarifications, churinga markings, ochred hands on cavern walls, the very 
_breathing_ of the written constituting the human) - to ASCII flood, the 
textual maw lending itself to the future _written, encoded_ seamless vir- 
tual realities of the 21st century...)


