



Tel2


Two other points inspired by the Fischer book - 

1. This is from a footnote (p. 366): "Experimental studies indicate that
voice-only communications are experienced as more psychologically distant
than visual ones (Rutter, _Communicating by Telephone_). Most respondents
to Synge et al.'s Ontario survey ('Phoning and Writing') said that a tele-
phone conversation was less personal than a face-to-face one. On the 
other hand, many women who responded to Moyal's Australian survey felt 
that telephone conversations with friends were franker and more intimate 
than in-person ones (Moyal, 'Feminine Culture,' 15)."

2. The other point comes from the emphasis in parts of the book on the
relationship between telephony and women; although men dominated early on
(business for the most part), the phone quickly became indispensable to
women, for social, cultural, and professional reasons. Surveys indicated
that women used and use the telephone far more often than men, that it is
more integrated into their lives. A few quotes: "Returning to the period
of this study, time-budgets filled out by suburban New Yorkers before
World War II revealed that women reported spending an amount of time on
the telephone fourfold that of men." "The higher the proportion of adult
women in the household, the higher the chances were that it had a tele-
phone." "Lana Rakow concluded from her interview in rural Wisconsin that
'[b]oth women and men generally perceive the telephone to be part of wo-
men's domain.'" Fischer reports that Ann Moyal states that the telephone
was "'a key site for kin-keeping, caring, friendship, support, voluntary
activity and contact with the wider world.'" Fischer ascribes the gender
difference to three possible causes: "First, modern women have been more
isolated from adult contact during the day than men, so they have grasped
the telephone as a device for breaking that isolation. Second, married
women's duties have usually included the role of social manager" [...]
"Third, North American women are more comfortable on the telephone than
are North American men because they are generally more sociable than men. 
Research shows that, discounting their fewer opportunities for social
contact, women are more socially adept and intimate than men, for what-
ever reasons - psychological constitution, social structure, childhood
experiences, or cultural norms. The telephone therefore fits the typical
female style of personal interaction more closely than it does the typical
male style." 

I've said elsewhere that I believe that women will be the _majority_ on
the Internet by, say, 2005; I hold to that. Beyond the hacking, the style
of the Net is that of interconnectivity, intimacy, support, and community,
and if there is any credence either to Fischer's account on a historical 
or a cultural-psychological basis, one can expect to see a movement from 
the male-dominated Net of, say, five years ago, to a female-dominated Net 
of the future. Both men and women will use the Net for business and pro- 
fessional reasons, of course, but darknet and VR community will continue 
to grow.

The Net, like the telephone allows for a degree of autonomy; unlike the 
phone, it was reified and hacked right from the start. (Blackbox/blue- 
box phone hacking is, I believe, a result of the 60s.) The autonomy comes 
from the feeling of _place_ which has always been absent from telephony. 
One of the first questions people ask on Iphone is "where are you from?" 
and this isn't addressed nearly so often when greeting a stranger on IRC 
or a MOO. The IRC channel and MOO "home" are sufficient; one is, in part, 
_there._

So with this growth in autonomy, and the increased self-consciousness of
teen-age and younger groups - I would say, in fact, class-consciousness -
the phone and then CMC have created the potential for sub-teen cultures
independent of parental guidance. This is more true for the latter than
the former, since the phone is open, and an @snoop can occur by simply
picking up an extension. The phone wasn't tied into teen-age identity, I
believe, until the 40s at least; CMC is already tied to children's iden-
tity _and sense of place._ The virtual is "natural" with CMC, non-existent
on the telephone, phonesex notwithstanding...

