
-



Tel

The telephone is buried in layers of social interaction and the reconfig- 
uration of the American cultural landscape. I've read parts of Avital 
Ronell's Telephone Book as well as Claude S. Fischer's America Calling, A 
Social History of the Telephone to 1940, which I think is a must for re- 
thinking the impact of CMC today.

The similarities are striking; early on, for example, there were extensive
debates about flat rate as opposed to per message rate, and the arguments 
were similar to those occurring today. As now, the public had to be edu- 
cated; this was published in Canada in 1896:

"To Listen: Place the telephone fairly against the ear, with an upward
motion, so that the lower extremity or lobe of the ear is gathered in,
into the cavity of the telephone; in this position it will be found to fit
snugly and comfortably - the lobe of the ear acting as a cushion and at
the same time closing out all ulterior sounds, thus enabling the voice to
be heard with clearness and precision." (From Fischer, op. cit.)

(Note how all of this is of course _tacit,_ taken for granted today;  CMC,
particularly when it reaches reasonable stages of voice/VR, will appear
_natural_ as well.)

Early users were businesses, including pharmacies, doctors, etc. - and 
farmers; the phone spread with great rapidity across the Plain States, 
with some farmers even setting up small independents using barbed wire 
fences for conduit. As with the Internet, growth suddenly takes off after 
a couple of decades, and the public becomes socialized in relation to it. 

"A sociologist of technology, Ron Westrum, recently claimed that the 'com-
ing of the telephone began the unraveling of social processes...[P]eople
became willing to accept physical separation as along [sic] as contact
could still be maintained by telephone. But telephone contact is not the
same as being there, and it creates a different kind of society...'" 
(ibid.)

Sociality, of course, is always up for grabs in terms of interpretation. 
There were and are fears that close-knit social structures will be dis- 
solved, that the maintaining of distant ties will in fact replace the 
intimacy of the physical neighborhood. On the other hand, there are and 
were hard-fought corporate drives to place the home at the center of the 
new technologies. 

During the very early struggles, there's a sense of _spirit_ and pioneer-
ing in both. Early telephone operatives felt this; Thomas Watson himself,
in "The Birth and Babyhood of the Telephone," concludes "To-day when I go
into a central office or talk over a long distance wire or read the annual
report of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company, filled with fig-
ures up in the millions and even billions, when I think of the growth of
the business, and the marvelous improvements that have been made since the
day I left it, thinking there was nothing more to do but routine, I must
say that all that early work I have told you about seems to shrink into a
very small measure, and, proud as I always shall be, that I had the oppor-
tunity of doing some of that earliest work myself, my greatest pride is
that I am one of the great army of telephone men, every one of whom has
played his part in making the Bell Telephone service what it is to-day."

From a 1913 address. There were huge numbers of telephone _women_ at the 
time; it was concluded that if automation had not replaced the hand-oper- 
ated switchboard, every female in the United States would have had to be 
employed as an operator.

(This also brings up the role of party lines and operators, in relation to
telephony and IRC channels and ops. Or think of the second great stringing
of cable (fiber optic) occurring today, in relation to the wiring of Amer-
ica during the early decades of this century.)
	
There are more parallels than differences to be drawn; before the tele-
phone, only the telegraph allowed for distance communication, and it never
had the virtuality of voice and body that the former portended. The latter
was always used largely for business, and at its endpoints imitated writ-
ing, not speech; a telegram was printed out. Further, the telegram was
heavily institutionalized; it required expertise to send and receive, and
except for a very few exceptions, was never in the home. The telephone on
the other hand began with business, but soon entered farmhouses and became
an _extension_ of speech.

All three sources described above are worthwhile reading. It would also 
be instructive of course to look at the early days of CB radio (which has 
degenerated into Usenet newsgroup spamming/flaming a great deal of the 
time), and ham/amateur radio and television. The last two have been in- 
creasingly computerized over the past couple of decades; one wonders how 
many ham operators have made a permanent move to Iphone or CuSeeMe...

