

Headtrip


I am writing precisely with a migraine occurring, visual migraine, located
largely in my left eye; there is pressure on my left jaw and brain; the
yellow letters against the black background are clawed at by brilliant
strobing. The pressure forces me to shut my eyes; I continue typing, work-
ing the letters after a difficult days. The zigzag patterns, always typi-
cal, are lobe shaped; the clawing is the work of flashes against each and
every other patterns. I can hardly see out of my left eye; my right eye
repeats the pattern, but less. My hands seem diminished, moving away from
me against a three-dimensional keyboard that swells up and away; I'm
slightly nauseous. I'm shivering as well in the cold; the heater on the
floor doesn't help much. I don't dare move but when I do, I notice the
patterns are alleviated; the terminal, as I suspected, brings them out.
I'm both light-headed and heavy at the same time; the patterns are in-
creasing in intensity, the lobe shape splaying out further into the visual
field, and my left eye feels as if it's on fire. I can no longer read
large portions of the text. There are long-waves apparent in the left
field periphery, swollen, swelling, as if compensating for their distance
from the center. The center is becoming painful as well, and there is a
horizontal creeper extending itself across the text, completely across it.
I feel very shaky, as if I am about to lose vision entirely, close down;
there is great pressure on my left eye and my right frontal area is
pressured as well, the start of the incipient headache itself. I can no
longer see to the left. The creeper has slower waves and longer zigzags as
well, putting out a vertical feeling descending downward as the text
scrolls up the screen. I close my eyes for an instant and the zigzags lose
intensity, appear more like cuneiform in fact or some harbored beams of a
bridge spanning keyboard, eye interior, the hideousness of this office
area which is in reality a loft area, the corner of the bedroom, now
covered in crawling shapes.  There is nothing real here in the sense of
representation, only letters flipping out, invisible, changing shape; the
vertical feeler has become more of an _area_ and the blind spot combines
with the fury of the patterning to produce, to produce, nothing, obliter-
ation; I'm afraid of the text seething out of control, I can't write well
at this point, the eye feeling useless, a flat translucence, soon every-
thing will pass away.  The tinnitus continues throughout. Interference
across all zones: As I said, the MOO goes down flaming, text itself dev-
olves. What I'm writing is senseless as the pattern changes into vertical
sheaves or boards rubbed raw, I've got, I've got for once to look away
until this thing too will come or come to pass. 

I correct everything; my brain tunnels through me and out my mouth.

