
-


Tel3: Connection and Handset


From a user's standpoint, there have been four stages in connecting to 
another subscriber on a telephone system. These stages are paralleled in 
CMC as well.

I. Early connections were made _manually,_ by an operator. The user lif- 
ted the receiver, and talked directly to her; she made the connection on 
a local board. In this stage, voice-to-voice is critical, of course, and 
there are assumed bodies involved in the labor of connecting.

Early computers, including home models, used manual switching, not key- 
board entering. Early email used bang-paths instead of automated routers; 
the _Internetworked_ topography was manifest.

II. The rotary dial telephone replaced manual connections. In dialing, 
_longer numbers pass through shorter_ in a serial operation. To dial 9, 
for example, the user passes through 1-8. But the operator is no longer 
present, except for long-distance and specialized calls, in which her/his 
voice still provides a bodily link to the network.

Dialing is a serial or linear operation, related to command-line connec-
tivity (in spite of multiple screens and operations). Automated routing
comes into its own, and the Net topography is taken for granted, invis-
ible. 

III. Pushbutton dialing replaced the rotary dial in most urban centers. 
Each number is independently accessible; remaining serial, the interface 
appears parallel. Numbers don't pass through one another; each has an 
independent combination of tones. Extended area codes, including inter- 
national codes make automated long-distance possible. There are address- 
ing problems, and new area codes, at least within the United States, are 
constantly split off from the old.

The semblance of parallel processing replaces seriality, as Windows and 
hypertext take over from command-lines. On the Internet, a crisis in 
addressing results in subnetting and consideration of new schemes to 
expand the IP address.

Note that the rotary telephone appeared inert, closed-off; the pushbutton 
phone appears more open, available, with additional buttons of all sorts. 
These may actually lead to parallel processing, short-cuts to conference 
calls and the like. Telephone service expands.

The operator, even for information and specialized calls, is replaced by 
automated voices and search strategies. The body in-forming technology 
has become the technological body; it is the technology that speaks, just 
as bots and agents are increasingly surfacing on the Net. 

_Capital_ begins to take over; while on-hold, there are advertisements, 
and at least in New York, Information gives you a number - and then tries 
to dial it for you, for an additional charge. Late capital occupies every 
available niche; information becomes equated with advertised service. On 
the Net, capital expands likewise; it is found, along with community 
(party-line) and sexuality (phone sex), in every sufficiently rich eco- 
logical niche.

There is also an expansion towards spamming; "telemarketing," which vio- 
lates the home, is equated with email spamming, which violates the @home. 
The recently (in terms of civilized time) public/private dichotomy begins 
to break down again, in favor of power, capital, governance. Invasion is 
increasingly the order of the day.

IV. Voice-recognition dialing is currently offered in technologically-ad- 
vanced locations; the user speaks, not to an operator, but to a virtual 
operator, giving it the name, which is then interpreted by the local ins- 
trument. At this point, the user is an extension of the apparatus; he or 
she may engage the machinic at all facets of the operation - from switch- 
ing to ordering a product. The blank face appears to return the body 
(voice-decoding) but in fact absorbs it, just as the hypertextuality and 
"friendliness" of the Web absorbs the user, and quite possibly hacks her 
or his statistics as well.

V. Now Net and telephony merge, the overlap interpenetrated by virtuality
and capital, the melange enabling the construct of a new subjectivity,
described elsewhere,* involved in continuous acquisition, upgrading, and
increasing information throughput. As with stages III-IV, the division
between haves and have-nots widens; cellular telephones, for example, al-
low cyborg Internet for those who can afford them. The interface will
ultimately be either voice or mouse; it is as if the body twitches in the
final stages of divisiveness, with one population grounded in real life
community aided by the telephone and darknet, and the other population
recursively withdrawing to superstructural plateaus of international cap-
ital and culture. (This parallels, by the way, similar divisions between
folk and "international" arts, between local exhibitions and "blockbuster" 
museum shows, etc.)

