


The Damnation of Memory


"In the ruin which is in the valley, pass under the steps leading to the 
East forty cubits (...); (there is) a chest of money and its total: the 
weight of seventeen talents."

I hate memory, despise it, not the memory of words and language, already
encrusted into scars arranged in the orders of meaning whored from anni-
hilation, but the memory of events, tiny narratives, the glance of a woman
in a Paris train 1963, blond Platt Townend arguing with me on the corner
of Charles and Dorrance, 1959. The sun shines identically upon her blond
hair caught in Brooklyn 1996, of a color or similar girl, of a girl of 
similar color.

Someone's hair may have fallen out against those black-sloped cars of my
childhood and someone's hair may have turned white - and someone's got
caught in the grave - and someone's got caught in the fire. 

"In the sepulchral monument, in the third course: one hundred gold ingots.
In the great cistern of the courtyard of the peristyle, in a hollow in the
floor covered with sediment, in front of the upper opening: nine hundred
talents." 

The memories form scales or claws; the mind fast-forwards into projection,
the continuous addition of constructed details grabbed from the debris of
everyday life. There's no end to it. The body and its current end up sink-
ing into itself, water into water, tepid, unperturbed. The savage violence
of memory lies in the fact that everything is _written,_ that nothing ap-
pears to be. What is taken as natural is tumor injected from the symbolic,
short-hand rewrites of moments erased, untethered from the real.

"In the hill of Kochlit, tithe-vessels of the lord of the peoples and sac-
red vestments; total of the tithes and of the treasure: a seventh of the
second tithe made unclean(?). Its opening lies on the edges of the North-
ern channel, six cubits n the direction of the cave of the ablutions. In
the plastered cistern of Manos, going down to the left, at a height of
three cubits from the bottom: silver, forty talents." 

Beyond memory is the disgust of the everyday, _flattened real_ flooding
out trace of love, sex, stability. Cotton-mouthed, one withdraws back to
language, just the swirl of letters going nowhere. If one is mean, one may
be meanest towards oneself. I remember placing things and never finding 
them again. 

Beyond memory though is withdrawn memory, surfaced by inscription. Swirls
of letters choke as letters rise to the surface in the guise of those very
things which never possessed surface _as such._ We are everyone's dream 
and death can't come too soon, a gap before the swirl fills in the blanks 
elsewhere - before the lights go out, letters dim, one realizes that wri- 
ting has _always been elsewhere,_ source of all disgust.

"In the filled tank which is underneath the steps: forty-two talents. In
the cavity of the carpeted house of Yeshu(?), in the third platform sixty-
five gold ingots. In the cellar which is in Matia's courtyard there is
wood and in the middle of it a cistern; in it there are containers with
seventy talents of silver. In the cistern which is in front of the Eastern
Gate, at a distance of fifteen cubits, there are vessels. And in the gut-
ter which is in it: ten talents."

The other must reinscribe the one; the one must cauterize the one. It is
always the case that _writing_ does not survive _without_ the death of the
author, real, not theoretical. But this is _not about_ writing, only the 
_damnation of memory,_ the condemnation occasioned by the glint of sun- 
light on golden hair 1959, those lines of Paul Celan's:

"ein Mann wohnt im Haus dein goldenes Haar Margarete"

and all that they entail.


