
-

Listdeath


I wonder if one can talk about (email) listdeath, or rather list steady-
state; after a certain amount of time, repetition sets in. On Cybermind,
themes and even forwards are repeated, from anecdotes to the "Good Time
Virus." Discussions about governance, virtuality, sexuality, also tend to
repeat, over varying lengths of time. The lists wax and wane with the
seasons, based by and large on university schedules.

On FOP-L, Fiction-of-Philosophy, there is more of a continuous incremen-
tation, since the themes are wider, based on proffered literary-philoso-
phical texts. One knows less what to expect; in general, this is simply
the truism that the more constrained the subject-matter, the less the
information per post in terms of entropy. Of course Cybermind constantly
breaks out of its own mold, wanders. 

If there were, say, a trigonometry list, using Gustave Stent's notions
from the 70s, one would find it _necessarily_ repetitious, to the extent 
that trigonometry is a "spent" domain. On the other hand, a list such as 
VON (Voice On the Net) continually changes in relation to advances and 
upgrades in software.

New list participants rarely know the list archives; things repeat, no ma-
tter how long one lurks. And the thought of going through the archives of
a large volume list like Cybermind - is frightening. No one should ever
have to spend that much time... 

Finally, participants and administrators themselves tire. I'm worn out 
from administration, and the relatively close scrutiny that entails.

So beyond the threads we've had on the normal "history" of a list (even
here there are forwards that have come around several times), there are
questions about list cycles, stasis, stagnation, etc. A topic of interest
might be - how can a list continue to develop in depth? Can it, in fact,
if the ostensible subject is primarily philosophical? For that matter, can
philosophy continue development, or is there a conceivable end to specula-
tive thought? 

