



Listdeath2


First, I want to make it clear that listdeath, if it ever occurs, is a
limit and limit only, just as propositional logic is a limit, a circum-
scribed horizon. So that I am not suggesting that any list I am on is
dying, or even that I know what that means exactly, but only that lists
are dealing with closed or open bodies of knowledge, and that the clo-
sure depends on both the traditional boundary of "the/a" body, and the
willingness of the participants to adhere to the list's ostensible con-
tent. 

Now it is worthwhile to examine CMC in terms of change, lag, stagnation; 
for example, software upgrading represents continuous change and plateau 
alteration (I've written on plateaus before), while lag can refer either 
to the response to upgrading (in terms of user downloading/experience) or 
theorizing in relation to software changes. Things, in other words, take 
time to sink in.

Since software changes occur _within_ CMC, we can say that they are re- 
sponsive to the medium; usage and theorizing occur without or about, and 
the responsivity is slower. This in fact leads again to the question of 
progress or development in philosophy; what surprises me, even now, is 
its internal coherence and relatively slow rate of change. What would 
constitute, in fact, philosophical progress? What questions have been 
addressed and answered within the philosophical _enterprise_ itself, more 
or less to everyone's satisfaction? I separate this from the issue of de- 
velopment, within which _every_ philosophical text may be considered an 
adjunct to every other.

Finally, what could _philosophical_ theorizing contribute, in relation to
CMC? And what would be meant by _philosophical_ in this sense - a largely
phenomenological approach? One concerned with ontological/epistemological
issues? Both and more? Virtuality seems a critical point of articulation,
as does grammatology - both because of text and -jectivity. I have tried
in the earlier portions of the text to deal with proper names vis-a-vis
Kripke. I think somewhere the foundations of mathematics play a role, but
that has only surfaced piecemeal, in thinking about supplement for exam-
ple. 

And now I want to emphasize, not only the tentativeness of this discourse,
but also its sophomoric quality; bear with me. 

