
-


Hell's Bells!


Why do almost all organized religions have sacred places?
Why do they have to be embellished?
Why are there repetitive rituals with well-defined sequences?
Why do gods need propitiations?
Why do we have to pay any attention to them?
Why would anyone want to sacrifice anything?
Why does anyone have to believe anything?
Why would anyone care if anyone else believed the same thing?
Anyone can become a GOD on a talker!
What good could prayer possibly do?
There are no gods in cyberspace!
The rituals are login! subscribe! @delete!
Nothing has to be sacrificed here, except: no chain letters!
We're all working for free beneath the sign of flat rate access!
Prayer won't help anyone outside of a ghost on a MUD!
You don't have to pay the slightest attention to what anyone thinks!
You just have to show a bit of netiquette at the most!
If you're lonely, don't pray! Read Sara Paretsky's detective novels!
If you need a mate, either look for one or give up!
Prayer won't help you! There are no personals in the sky!
Say you're diseased! Use medicine, non-western or western!
You can pray if it makes you feel better and if you feel better
 you might even get better! (Sooner or later you won't!)
But that doesn't mean there's anything out there! Nothing is listening!
Nothing would pay any attention! It's all in your head!
It's all in your head!
Say you're deceased! It doesn't matter what you use!
You can't possibly pray and you won't get better!
You don't even go to the Web! (You might still have your URL!)
When you're deleted or @toaded @recycled you're out of here!
Bye bye! Heh! It's not even in your head because you're dead and don't
 even have a head!
You don't even have a body here but you're not in hell!
See! I just pricked you! You didn't feel a thing!
There's no fate either! What happens just happens! Forget it!
Stop with the cycles! You're reading this because you've stumbled
 somewhere and this happened! Somewhere back there! (Don't turn around!)
Turn around! I told you so! Now turn inside out! 
Hell's Bells!

