


Depression (rhetoric of the surface)


Does a text on depression belong here, in the midst of discussions on CMC?
Depression characterizes a number of people I know on email, an unwelcome
friend that makes itself welcome, replete with stasis and chemistry. It
appears on the horizon before making itself at home in the body; it is an
_it_ which can be held as a weapon or object, _my_ depression, for exam-
ple. Today I have slept for hours, under stress; at night I don't sleep at
all. Circadian rhythms are thrown off; my own work appears through night-
mares, asides, peripheral sounds heard in what might be always muffled
silence. (This is where memory comes in; the _symbolic_ circulates around 
a central core filled with memories and desires; things erupt from it. 
Nothing is ever completed there; like the chora, it's accessible only 
retroactively, uselessly. The circulation is a form of routing, the core 
a black hole where messages disappear...)

I believe depression has its moments of articulation as speech, as well,
moments in which the symbolic is embraced. These occur when the world
appears, fissured, divided, dulled, but speech-permissive. These occur,
and email begins its restless wandering from interior to exterior; in fact
for numbers of people, email may be the intensive _speech of_ depression,
a mode of communicating which, while not breaking its hold, opens up a
discourse of healing which may resonate with real life as well. What are 
the _modes_ of this speech? 

Stripped down, intense, self-deprecating, using smileys because the words
betray their origin, perhaps. Honest, as in honesty among strangers. Sed-
uctive, as in calling towards the other, infiltrating the self, elusive,
allusive. At times direct description of pain, but more often in circum-
locution. (Stripped down, as in the _articulation_ of language. Intensity
and self-deprecation, coupled as strategy; honest, as in the problematic
of authenticity.)

In other words, depression speaks around itself, not necessarily as avoid-
ance, but as a _means towards_ speech, which characterizes certain email
styles. The styles become indexical, but not symptomatic; the speech
yearns for interpenetration. Some of this is the straightforward speaking
of the lonely, but some of it is _imbued speech,_ for which one may be the
grateful and privileged witness. For depression, paradoxically, in its
_foreclosing,_ opens an interiority which may or may not reflect whatever
one would take for "true" subjectivity. Email gains its power through this
site and citation, and _we_ are empowered through our ability to speak, to
be silent, to be heard. 

