

-


Who owns what here?


I'm called technically the list-owner but the sysop at the server site
owns me.  The space isn't free because you're paying or someone is for the
ISP or SLIP/PPP connect. The machine that the list runs on costs money. 
Someone's paid for the listserv software to be set up. My labor as co- 
moderator is free; I don't charge you and I'm not paid. The sysop is paid 
and listserv is paid. Someone is paid to maintain the machine that the 
list runs on. People pay to go the the university or for AOL to maintain 
the listserv sites. Someone pays for the electricity at AOL and the uni- 
versity and someone pays the salary of the sysop and someone has paid for 
the development of the machinery. Someone is paying for the fiber optic 
cables and I am paying my ISPs in order among other things to maintain 
the lists as co-moderator. Only on Cybermind do I do all the basic work; 
on the other lists, the basic work is done by the co-moderators and they 
are not paid, including Pip on Cybermind, Laurie and Tbone on FOP-L, Tom 
on Image, Mike on E-Conf. Tom is not paid for maintaining a Web page for 
Cybermind and Richard is not paid for maintaining the archives.

Our costs run to ISPs, telephone lines and calls, equipment upgrading, and
labor time; our costs may also run to space on a public_html directory. 

You're not free to say anything you want here. You can be sued for quot- 
ing private mail and I can be sued as list-owner but I probably wouldn't 
lose. AOL and the university could be sued and AOL might lose but judging 
by the contract I have for Cybermind I doubt they would. You yourself 
might well lose the case if the post were slanderous but otherwise you 
might not. You would probably win if you posted from another forum that 
was already public. You would probably lose if you posted a real threat 
to someone, including one of the list members. You could lose for haras- 
sment, but it is hard to tell in these cases.

You could possibly lose for publishing proprietary codes or software. You 
can be removed by me or any of the co-moderators at our discretion. AOL 
and the university could remove the list from their listserv, but AOL 
might be sued because of the contract. The contract is in writing, hard- 
copy and is between me and AOL. The contract is for the period of a year. 
I know "somewhere" I have the contract but I am not sure.

You might be breaking the law for sending a pornographic post on the list
and I might be sued or be breaking the law for allowing the post or for
allowing the post to remain on the archives. If you are a child I might be
breaking the law for allowing a child on the list even though I do not
know you are a child, even if you say you are one, and if there are porno-
graphic posts on the list. 

On Cybermind and FOP-L, you are here because your subscription passed; we
checked it. On Image, subscriptions are totally by hand and I do subscrip-
tions by hand that pass from Spoons on jefferson to my account, for Cyber-
mind and FOP-L. On E-Conf, subscriptions are automatic and do not pass
through us. 

If you are a U.S. citizen and you threaten the President of the United 
States on a list, you are breaking the law. If you pass on copyrighted 
material to a list without authorization, you are breaking the law.

Every post, public or private, on the Internet, is not immune from the 
law, but in the case of the CDA and pornographic issues, the law will at 
this point, and perhaps only at this point, pay no attention. Every post 
reaches its destination by virtue of labor, free and paid, but never over 
free networks, or if free, free by virtue of the gift of someone's labor. 
Every post costs, every post drains the earth. Every post delivered con- 
forms to protocol standards or else becomes a problem of labor for one of 
the co-moderators, or the machinery itself. A post that does not reach 
its destination may loop within a site or among sites and becomes noise. 
A loop of noise can flood a list if it is not quickly caught. Sysops and 
co-moderators and others catch loops so they do not reach your mailbox. 
When they fail, your mailbox can also crash and your account will break 
down, returning mail itself. This can increase the number of loops.

AOL and the university are owned by corporations who may be in bidding 
wars. Down the recessed halls of communications, things get murkier and 
at the far end, the very far end, there are shadowed figures. Do not 
suppose for a second that they are not making money from this. One way or 
another it pays off, or we would not be allowed to be here.

