
-


Bans


You can be easily banned from an IRC channel. You can be banned or your
site can be banned or the machine on your site can be banned. You can be
banned from a MOO, @toaded, without any explanation. You can be banned and
your site can be banned as well. You and your site can be banned from a
talker. You can be unsubbed from an email list by a moderator. You can
also be subbed to an email list without your permission by a moderator. 
You can lose your account. You can complain to root or postmaster or sys-
admin at a site about a moderator or god or operator or wizard, depending
on the application and she or he can be warned and can lose her or his
account. 

Listservs and other software can be set to filter out sites and individu-
als. It is easier to filter on listserv than majordomo and easier on maj-
ordomo than on lists that require manual subbing and unsubbing. You can
set your mailbox to filter out individuals and sites, which is easier if
you are on elm than pine but possible on both. Lists can be set to allow
posting only by subscribers, filtering out people who are not subscribers. 

You can spam a list or a newsgroup. You can spam by sending unwanted mail
to a list or newsgroup that has no protection. You can spam by sending
huge files to a list or newsgroup that has not set a file limit. You can
spam by repeatedly sending messages. You can flood an IRC channel by re-
naming, by cycling in and out, by repeatedly sending messages. You can use
client software that prevents you from being spammed on IRC, by ignoring
someone repeatedly messaging you. It is easier to spam a newsgroup than an
email list but both are traceable unless you use an anonymous remailer. 

You can use tactical strategy and troll a newsgroup or email list. You can
do this with several people responding to one another. You can be success-
ful if you sign on at different times and wait. You can crash a newsgroup
this way. 

You can spam a MOO by creating rogue programs that continually fork pro-
cesses until the server crashes. You can spam a MOO by creating programs
that interfere with other programs. You can spam a MOO by creating pro-
grams that interfere with MOO conversation. If you are a MOO wizard you
can rewrite other's programs and descriptions. If you are a wizard or a
god on a talker you can listen into private conversations. You can repost
private conversations including net sex although this may well be illegal. 
You can repost private email although this also may be illegal.

If you are a wizard or a list moderator you can remove posts from any
archives and remove the archives themselves. You can go in and change any
material in the archives. If you can do simple hacks you can send somewhat
anonymous email and if you are better you can send untraceable email. If
you are very good you can create programs and loops that will automatical-
ly spam a newsgroup, email list, or IRC. 

You can take the offensive by complaining to Internet task groups that mo-
nitor hacks. You can create trouble for someone who is not hacking in this
manner. You can spam someone privately and anonymous and complain to his
or her sysadmin anonymously. If you are very good you can slow a server 
down that permits fingering and enter through windows as users click off 
without logout. 

If you are very good you are far beyond this and beneath the surface. If
you are very very good you are in my account now and typing this text. 

