


Settlement


I want to, briefly, continue the application of proto-historic theory to
the Internet and cyberspatiality, using Ian Hodder's The Domestication of
Europe, which works through the lower and upper neolithic. Hodder disting-
uishes a number of stages, characterized by what I would call "regimes." 

They are, very roughly, the _domus_ or home, which also involves care,
nurturing, protection, figurines, weaving, and so forth; the _agrios_ or
outside, involving burial, hunting, agriculture, weapons, animals, ex-
change, and stone tool production; and the _foris,_ which I associate with
public forums and external community life. "The domus is fixed, permanent,
visible, and very 'present.' It also brooks little individual variation.
There is often a repetition of the individual domestic unit which leads to
a strong sense of the equivalent and the communal. The agrios, on the oth-
er hand, is initially 'absent' and less visible. It involves exchange and
hierarchy, competition and individual display. It is closer to the wild." 

Hodder traces development through the three stages into village communi- 
ties and beyond; it is a work of interpretive proto-history, calling on 
considerable theoretical resources. We can use the regimes as well, per- 
haps, in order to understand MOOs, etc., and their interrelationship. In 
previous texts, I've focused on issues of diffusion, exchange, trade- 
routes and so forth; here, we might think of a MOO (for example) as a 
_settlement,_ occupying a particular IP and port number in cyberspace. 

It's clear that there are three regimes MOO-wide as well. The first, the 
domus, is what exists after @dig and the @sethome commands are applied; 
the domus is often furnished with idealized personal belongings, inclu- 
ding virtual chairs, and so forth. As in the neolithic, the domus also 
contains symbolic objects as well, some of which may be ported elsewhere. 
Conversations often occur within them, since they provide a sense of 
place and relative comfort. If one converses solely by paging, there is a 
sense of absence - I've often noted this on PMC2-MOO. Paging at times may 
feel like a traditional postal exchange; verbal cues can be added, but 
they feel more artificial than face-to-face in cyberspace.

The second regime, the agrios, would be the note and other editors, as 
well as collaborative projects. These are all a form of homesteading, 
are often competitive and individualistic. The agrios would be, in this 
regard, a space for programming, the space one wanders in while explor- 
ing the MOO. It would also be the space of other domus, the space of 
differentiation.

The third regime, the foris, splits into spaces for asynchronous dis- 
cussion (email lists) which are literal forums; spaces for synchronous 
discussion outside the domus (meeting-places, virtual classrooms) and 
inter-MOO spaces, spaces of external networking. 

No matter how much a MOO grows, it never infringes on another MOO, of
course, unless they are run on the same machine (i.e. hero.village.vir-
ginia.edu 7777 and 8888). Space is locally expandable/expendable; within
a MOO, it's another matter, associated with quota politics. In this sense,
a MOO can be considered a _walled settlement,_ with relatively limited 
resources. The domus and agrios are internal to the settlement, and there 
are both foris that are completely enclosed, and those that behave as 
filters connecting other sites.

In this sense, such texts as the MOO programming manual can be considered
ideological texts carried _within_ the MOO settlements, and carrying the
seeds of common cultures. Sects split off and become settlements in their
own right/wryte; this is clear from the usual tracing of MUDs to lpmuds
and MOOs, and from MOOs to MOOSE for example. These proto-cultures, dif-
ferentiated from each other by addresses, and languages (dialects), com-
pete for populations, which also carry ideological packets from one set-
tlement to another. (Thus "wizards" are found on some MOOs, instead of
"staff.")

Demographics change through time; MOOs evolve, again through cross-ferti-
lization as well. As with neolithic settlements, they develop tels and
middens, accumulations of discarded objects and buildings, which may only
have been partially completed in the first place. A MOO may become "thick"
with such debris, leading to the abandonment or recycling of its database. 
The parallel with a settlement abandoning a region of depleted resources, 
is fairly clear.

What would be very useful in this regard is a _virtual geography,_ that is
primarily a _cultural geography,_ no longer so concerned about the ontolo-
gy and epistemology of cyberspace. Such a geography would be concerned
with both economic and cultural anthropology, and the relation of both to
issues of cognitive psychology. It would draw on models from theories of
language distribution, issues of performativity in protolanguage (proto-
linguistics along the lines of Bickerton and Tran Duc Thao), grammatology,
and theatrics. It would look at Net community from the viewpoint of the
socius involved in exchange, introjection, and projection. It would con-
sider textuality and wryting as the fundamental basis for these applica-
tions, but would not insist on modes of composition and literary criticism
for its primary theoretical approach. (Note: I am not using the term _vir-
tual geography_ in the sense of Wark's Virtual Geography; instead, I am 
thinking of a postmodern geography of virtual spatialities, bringing into 
play Lefebvre, Davis, Soja, Harvey, etc. Wark's brilliant book is part of 
this, but not determinative.)

Within virtual geography, cyberspatial settlement and settlement patterns 
can be examined; the future lies along the path sketched out here, and 
not, I believe, in more traditional psychological/sociological approaches 
often used in current theoretical work on Net community.

