


Lag (Again) Ag (L)

In 1961 I was working in an East Harlem settlement house on 116th that's
probably not there anymore, doing the confusion I do best; down the 
street in a basement there was a secret lab run by the US Army I visited
several times as subject/object of their desire. They were running ex-
periments to test for hearing and response time; I had the fastest re-
sponse of anyone, no surprise to me, since I always wanted to be a race-
car driver. There would be a sound and a switch to close and I closed it
ahead of all the other volunteers, although I think we were paid some-
thing or other for our time and nervous systems.

Later the tests expanded and I collapsed; we were to speak, our words
coming back at us, with specific delays - and later still I found out 
this was done to catch people faking deafness to stay out of the armed
forces - a ruse I didn't have to go through although others. I couldn't
speak freely, I found; the lag ruined the conversation, confused me, and
I couldn't tune it out. My pride in response time collapsed as my inab-
ility to continue without the proper feedback from the world took over.

I've written since then about lag in CMC and notice that the windows open
are always of variable width, ranging from a split-second to close to a
minute, before I log out, log in again. This variation throws things off
even more, breaking concentration as the screen moves from subject to
object, from experience of transcription of experience to an experienced
indexicality, the cursor suddenly propelled, arriving at the end of a
series of new words: everything waiting in the queue has arrived, things
are back to normal. The lifeworld repeatedly shatters and re-coheres in
this fashion, and thought becomes anxiety-ridden, fragmented. The instan-
taneity of lived-words, the inhabiting of language, crumbles into that
moment when cuneiform no longer makes sense, one realizing that the
transcription is incorrect, variations going down the wrong path, router. 

Later I used electronic lag in my film/video work, for example singing
with Damaged Life, the feedback seconds later so that the voice draws/
drawls/drowns itself out; before that, I worked with language-processing
pieces - for example, speaking two sentences simultaneously, altering
words. In the former, the singing centers adjusted, the sound in harmony
with itself, but how much information is carried, as inteference becmes
conjunctive, not necessarily dysfunctional, even though words and meanings
slow to a crawl.? In the latter, everything was awkward, impenetrable;
thinking/speaking/writing isn't linear at all but the construct of a word/
world, an inhabitation inundated and scoured by submergence/emergence. 

So writing to you with lag, establishing community through lag, contra-
dicts itself, blurs the politics, as I found out naively in 1961 in the
midst of banks of equipment where I outsped them all. Or not contradicts,
but creates the _contrary,_ in the sense of someone _contrary or wayward,_
and this too has formed the subject/object of a series of texts I wrote
later in 1987 on deconstruction. (_Now_ I am just beginning to understand
a few things.) Beyond anxiety, the contrary is the locus of desire, pro-
jection, fulfillment, part-objects, the sloughed-off; one senses this in
an almost murderous fashion, thwarted and sustained like the lead in a
detective novel. Or think of those highschool stories: Mary's had an ac-
cident, can't speak, the doctors take her for dead; her eyes can't even
move, the grave glorious beckons, she's still alive, she's still alive, 
the sheet's lowered over her eyes, la la la, lag lag lag....


