
-


Sports


On an absurd level, one might argue there's a tradeoff between intellect-
ual artworking in "open" domains (non rule-governed, at least not ostensi-
bly) and physical-intellectual work in constricted domains. The latter, at
least the sports subset, allow for specific rule-bases (as do board games
of course); the former is more free-form. Rules create foundation, origin,
security; the lack of rules creates fragmentation, construct, the proble-
matic. On MOOs, rules govern programming in its entirety, as well as the
overall trajectories of action; the absence of rules is felt most strong-
ly in the domain of description. Inscription itself, however "primitive," 
is rule governed, knowledge-based (see Karlin and Julien, "Prehistoric
technology: a cognitive science?" in Renfrew and Zubrow, The ancient mind,
Elements of cognitive archaeology). 

In other words, I'm arguing for a dialectic between a domain or field of
potential semiosis, and rules; if the rules are explicit, the domain tends
towards gaming, and if they are implicit, they may be considered somewhat 
constitutive of a "language" of art production. The distinction, crude as 
it is, might be of use in thinking of user behavior in various CMC appli- 
cations.

But it's also interesting to think of the _comfort_ of sports, the mater-
nal function inherent in them - the verification potential, for example -
in the sense that there are _records which are made to be broken,_ that
measurement and statistics provide an uneasy relationship with science
(which is becoming more and more important in, say, Olympic training). 
The arts and humanities have almost nothing of these temporary certain- 
ties, no matter how much theory dominates. (Look at the changing fortunes 
of the Pre-Raphaelites on one hand, Chaucer on the other.) Instead, their 
domain is haunted by dwelling and doing (making Shakespeare "live," and 
"doing" Swift); without foundation, there is a turn toward tradition or 
tradition's problematic.


