

Talent


Clara will try very hard. She has only twenty points out of a possible
twenty-five. She wants to take her future into her own hands. She uses
performance sparkplugs. She has more horsepower than the competition. The
question is, can she keep control? That left hand of hers on the throttle
works for no ordinary races! The possibility of six carburetors dual in-
line gave her room for thought. She rides one big bike! She preferred
supercross to anything else. She has a lot at stake, but she has motiva-
tion. She's just about wrapped up the championship, big money. She's got
plenty of talent, that's for sure! She needs a good start in her thir-
teenth race! She'll give it everything she's got! She's going to ride
tight! Clara wants to get published and this is her way to get published.
Tonight, Tiffany told her: She has talent! 

Clara needs cyberspace because in cyberspace everyone has talent! That
makes her feel good and bad because she can't stand out. The woman's got
what it takes! She's got to want it and want it bad enough! Supercross
gives her something to do. "I just take the bike and aim it; it does the
rest!" Writing gives her nothing to do at all but she can write a novel! 
I love the characters! She and the machine are one! She fits the bike 
perfectly! Her skill level is wonderful as she consistently wins in 
whatever class she rides in. She started young and can easily intimidate 
the older riders. She's got a good position. Her riding's pretty im- 
pressive. She's proved to have so much valor. She never says die. She's 
pushed her bike across the finish line. She's still in the lead. She 
won't settle for second. Clara doesn't need cyberspace like she needs the 
track. She's got a knack for the groove. 

Later she'll write about how great sport is because it tells her what to
do and what the goal should be. The rest is fill, and she's got the deter-
mination. She's got the talent and the crew.  She rarely goes down. She'll
alsos write about the hell of writing because she always has to decide
what to do by herself, write from the word go! Tendrils twist green around
her neck. She wonders if someone will kill her. 


