


Voyeurism


Beyond hacking, and the aspects of voyeurism entailed in searching through
someone else's personal files, voyeurism is constituted on one hand by
private-channel or room snooping, and on the other, by willing exhibition-
ism. The latter plays out through public mirror sites, MOO theaters, pub-
lic talker and IRC sites as well. As with sadism/masochism (vis-a-vis De-
leuze), I wouldn't place exhibitionism/voyeurism in inverse equivalence,
or even necessitating one another; the gaze is active in both, just as po-
wer (and the power of the gaze, gaze of power, etc.) is articulated in
s/m. There is tremendous freedom in exhibitionism, of course, both in real
and virtual life - controlling the appearance of one's body, controlling
the potential audience as well, subverting various forms of sexual censor-
ships.

But voyeurism implies a prying apart, the splaying of the image of someone
else, singular or scenario. Sometimes a dialectic is established; a young
woman, for several weeks, exposed herself in her window across the street
from me, several years ago. Was she aware of what she was doing?  Was she
deliberately establishing a proscenium for voyeurism, knowing she would be
watched (and therefore carefully in control by virtual of her casualness),
or was she simply careless? There was no effort on my part at all; she was
_there,_ naked, in front of the glass, always looking away, however, tow- 
ards the interior of the apartment. Beyond automatic arousal, the meaning 
of the act remains unknown - if there were anything. The more that is re- 
vealed in such a situation, the more obdurate the situation may appear.

On the Net, voyeurism of the hacking or snooping sort almost always in-
volves crossing a boundary; there is little of the involuntary sort. One
uses one's power as god or wizard in CMC, one hacks into IRC - breaking in
implies actions and intentions that may be absent elsewhere. As in real 
life, the uneasy dialectic may also occur; I remember watching a couple 
on CuSeeMe expose themselves to each other - surely they realized they 
were on a public site? Or did they? The fact, again, that intentions were 
unclear increased the seductive aspects of the display...

All of this is occasioned by an upcoming panel I was invited to join. The
subject is voyeurism; my topic is cyberspace-and. I have written far more 
on exhibitionism, which is legitimized in Net sex in a way that voyeurism 
is not. Exhibitionism is all-around consensual in most cyberspaces; voy- 
eurism implies at the least a presumed unwillingness... While the former 
touches on group/grope, the latter touches on visual violation (not rape, 
which has its own phenomenology). Both are concerned with a breakdown of 
barriers, the establishment of equivalences, incandescent arousal to the 
nth degree.

I imagine sitting naked behind the table... I imagine you in the audience,
without underwear, legs slightly parted... 

