



Empathy and Magic


A squirrel can tell a nut from a slut. 

If there is an object X with attributes <a,b,c,...> and another object Y
with attributes <1,2,3,...>, and if there is an equivalence such that a
subset of <a,b,c,...> matches a subset of <1,2,3,...>, then there is the
possibility that Y can be used in empathetic magic for X and X can be used
in empathetic magic for Y. This is satisfyingly crude. Let ~ be used for
equivalence. Then say for example that 2 ~ c. Note that this would only be
true within the following framework: definitions of fuzzy bandwidth; defi-
nitions of "neighborliness"; definitions of circumstance and adhesion. If
the attribute is "black," then _black_ must refer to a _range_ or band-
width of possibilities, which is fuzzy; both 2 and c must be "neighbors"
within the bandwidth; both 2 and c must "adhere" to X and Y; and this ad-
herence will be mitigated by circumstance (at night all things are black).
(Think of adherence, ad-herence, coherence, co-herence, coher-ence.)

If empathetic magic is taken as "primeval," "primitive," there remain
further questions.

A dog can tell a bone from a phone.

Clearly, the categories of the world would not, upon appearance, be that
of entities, but of attributes inscribing them. Thus black is part of
the inscription of X and Y, entities that are emergent upon the concaten- 
ation or union of inscriptions. In fact, it is relevant to consider sets 
of unions of inscriptions, and their intersections; I have used this as a 
means of circumscribing or defining entities. 

But there is also coher-ence; the sets are not arbitrary, but intercon-
nected. A blackberry for example mutually circumscribes a color with ripe-
ness with time of ripening with fruit with edible with... So there are
circulations of descriptions, inscriptions, coherencies, intersections,
swirls. 

In the midst of this: empathetic magic. But where do entities come from? 
They come from the discovery of coher-encies, surely, in relation to the 
extraction of attributes from the world, those very coher-encies perhaps, 
perhaps not. Such an ex-traction deserves further consideration; it in- 
volves the active models of vision (Pribram, Marr), cognitive processing, 
not a passive relationship to the givens of the world.

In fundamental particle physics, all the way down, the coher-encies are 
interrelated, as the four fundamental (possibly five fundamental) forces 
are also interrelated. Processing, always active, emerges emergences; 
co-herence on the classical (Aristotelian/Newtonian) level implies equiv- 
alences among likes; partial coher-encies lend themselves to? Empathetic 
magic, which may not be so far off the (inscription of the) mark, after 
all. 

