


Voyeur


On the Internet, there are devices for Net sex that permit the same space
to be used simultaneously for action and otherwise conversation. On PMC, I
participated in Net sex while engaging in a theoretical discussion of
postmodernism, in someone's homespace. In other spaces, there are situa-
tions where virtual individuals watch virtual sex. 

In real life, I have been watched only a few times in my life. A woman and
I lived in Copenhagen for a month; we'd make love in a window at night,
someone across the way looking and looking. Sometimes we fucked naked in a
high-speed car, what about this? Bodies hurtling across the world here,
there, everywhere. Now _you,_ I imagine your piss-words on the screen, you
flooding your panties, liquid running through the theater, anonymous audi-
ence drinking you up. (I don't imagine this; you _are_ pissing, liquid
typing _to me._)

But I've never done a pornographic film, sex show, public display. And
it's not that I would object to this; it would be something to slide into,
meanwhile explore on the Net, watch the explorations of others, tabulate
them. But I'm a coward; I've seen, in fact, very little, almost nothing at
all. Fantasy: In real life masturbating in front of you. Net: Burrowing
through each other's bodies, send out the texts, working them into some-
thing, doing just that with the woman from Australia. 

Why is the _gaze_ so persistent, in its absence, in this space? I can't
sleep at nights, imagining our legs splayed open, an infinity of organs
intersecting, anonymous eyes prying us apart; we devour each other's shit,
suck out eyes, clamp breasts so tight we bleed _everywhere._ They dismem-
ber us, take our flesh back to their dominions, swallow us whole from the
seed. I'm just letters; dcc me fast! #sondheim back and forth, +o @Alan!

In my dream I'm a stain on your cunt, wall, door, viral slough crawl-
through, organic alleys, slab of daylight leaving/lifting the room. I can
see everything. In my dream I imagine myself displayed, ruptured cock, you
@create me over and over, coordinate x/y/z motion through time /t anything
for the databanks, anything holding back death. If I can hold my breath I
can hold your motion. In my dream I'm available, always available. 

I'm available. I don't have to think. My text oozes cum, menses, piss. I
don't belong in textual you, gnawing my way through, proscenium flashing
useless enema lights, there's no more belonging. Nothing belongs if
there's no belonging.  Things stick, split like static electricity. My
hair's blown off. I don't have to think because you do all my thinking for
me. You're looking at me through the window; I can see you. I perform for
your pleasure and you tell me what to do. I can't hear you but I know,
what will please. I finger myself, sondheim@panix.com, deep finger, shit
licked clean as well. 

My body's your text. I open my body so you'll read me. If you read me,
I'll live forever. You can read anywhere across the tits, lots of space.
You can read down the arms, the legs; you can read the blood. You can read
between the legs while the writing lasts. You can read the trail of the
two of knotted two of us, wrapped like wire around each other. There's no
space; my eye's sucked out. You required that. You said no space and we
heard. We're splayed just for you. It's as if: We're opened on the out-
side, not the inside. It's as if: You give us names, you make us. Oh
there's some truth to this. 

Oh, Oh! "remaining nude, clad in torn dress, covered with oil, besmeared
with mud, falling from a great height, one's marriage, embracing the girls
boys, climbing into the pyre, fucking the flesh-eaters - better not mess 
with that!"

So you can put your arms up into me, pull me inside out. You can do this: 
@create $thing called stain. You can give it nothing. @describe as if that
were all there is. 

Once I slept with two women together and when it came time to cum it was
so complicated the room dissolved. No one, no one was watching. 


