 
-


The Last Fuck


Clara Hielo made her mind up as fast as he saw it was made up. Timing was
absolutely synchronous, resulting in conclusions about identity and inde-
pendence unsuited to any medium, always outside the fact. He pressed his
nipples hard against the screen, leaving good impressions thick and thin
across the glass. Nipple tips flattened out as she grabbed him from be-
hind, her arms clawing at his breasts, pulling them apart and away from
the terminal. He fell backward; the chair collapsed

bringing the keyboard down as well, smashed plastic letters disconnected
ed from their sockets. She had her hands on his pants now, unzipping the
fly, tearing buttons, ripping cloth and skin apart, underpants following
suit. He tried to stand, clumsily, tripped over himself, crashing the mon-
itor to the floor; there was a sudden sound as the tube cracked and crack-
led, glass shards everywhere, cutting his skin into random patterns incit-
ing the two of them to incandescent levels of sexual fury. Clara put her 
hand in the burning chassis

as thunder struck her from head to cunt, hair scorched or standing on end; 
Travis, attached to her sizzled body, found his burned cock thrust into
her. Somewhere the two of them heard remnants of hard drive still running
after all these years, heads flailed uselessly tracking into magnetic sur-
face erasing memory and always more. They turned their heads, saw curtains

where none had been before, lit curtain flames roaring with movieset dis-
aster, the whole computer room twisted in hurricane dry agony. Her drip-
ping snatch gobbled his throbbing rod; his mouth surrounded her huge erect
nipples, one, another, both together. Her eager fingers found his asshole
and plunged in; his hand filled hers, as his tongue went deep into her
mouth, organ into honeypot, rippling twat and balls. Together they plunged
as mother-board mama-board split and fell, RAM scraped his back raw, crack
bleeding with ICs and transistor leads pricking his smoothly flailing
skin. The power supply blew off, hot transformers shuddering into Clara's
perineum as she splayed her legs wide with pain and pleasure - modem-board
making easy entrance, joining members and fingers as holes opened up ev-
erywhere among the two of them. They screamed in the tangle of wires, hot
female cum coating and shorting out remnants of floppy drives salutations,
flexidisk male cum stuck flat between their mouths, swallowing 1.44 mega-
bytes of furious final information. 

Mangled Clara mangled Travis besieged Clara and Travis split open head to
toe, fiery bodies heaving and convulsing in and out of cyberspace, the
last fuck closing Net stalkings down forever, garment holes filled with
packets disturbed from ordinary orbitals, nothing left but broken machines
- in one eye of Travis a jack in one eye of Clara a socket, sock it to 'em
one-eyed Jack!

