


Rumor


There's so much rumor everywhere in my cyberneighborhood about who's in
love with whom, who's in hate, who's doing just about everything but giv-
ing birth and dying, maybe not in that order. I think all of this should
come out in the open; everyone should know everyone else's business. And
everyone should _participate_ in everyone else's business. This should
come with the territory, i.e. with the info sheet. Lots of "should" here.

A long time ago I wrote about list "aura," taking the word from its usual
television meaning, the time/space surrounding a particular program, which
gains/loses by virtue of that. By list "aura" I mean the private email,
telephone calls, panty exchanges, snail mail letters, packages and private
or public/private photographs, fleshmeets, everything and anything that 
doesn't appear _directly_ on the list, or isn't a part of software give- 
and-take such as set Cybermind NOMAIL please please please.

As lists age, aura becomes more and more important. I have heard of such
incredibly baroque interrelationships among list members that soap opera
pales in comparison. I have heard of opportunities and missed opportuni-
ties and honest and dishonest consummations, failures and conquests and
meetings gone by the wayside. I have not heard of larceny, rape, murder,
armed robbery, kidnapping, or parking violations, but nothing would sur-
prise me at this point.

Is aura threatening to topple the lists? On one hand, everyone writes in
about "pain," anonymous or not, hints at seductions - messages carefully
placed to be garnered by one or another lover. On the other, everyone
writes in about not being able to write in about one or another lover -
because there isn't any perhaps, and there are few complaints about real-
life spouses or lovers for that matter. On the third, but there is no
third, theory leaking in, perhaps in the guise of love letters, romantic
innuendos, rumors? Surely cyberspace is more than that, less that that? 

Of course, by "everyone," I do not mean everyone, and suspect that there 
will be new encodings and decodings, subtextual gamings, misconstrued si- 
lences. And of course we all envy people who meet on the Net, marry, and/ 
or end up living together. These people, however, are becoming more of 
the urban myth "friend of a friend" variety, happenings perhaps necessar- 
ily on the periphery, because if one spends too much time in cyberspace, 
real life could only be an interference... one reason, perhaps, why Net 
relationships seem to take over enormous distances, almost never local, 
which would require putting the keyboard away for a while maybe, or actu- 
ally facing someone in real life, breathing the same damn air.

So as time goes on, I hear more fables over the wires - true or not, they
pass for wired fables. And I remember a student of mine, D. M., who later
worked with/for Warhol, publicly displaying a tape at the Rhode Island
School of Design, detailing, _in French,_ every rumor or dirty secret he
could think of at the school...

But I'm not suggesting that we literally _tell._


