
-


Lest lust last, lost lists...


I start the text below, following the quotes from Nancy Wilson Kitchel. Or
rather, I start the text before employing the quotes, which bracket and
diffuse, as if they were a list _header,_ as in: INDEX0.txt or README.1st. 

So that:

I start the text below. I stop. There are reasons. I enumerate them. Nancy
Kitchel wrote: "The fragility of the boundaries that make one entity sepa-
rate from another ... the inviolability of them. Extending my boundaries,
physical and mental, to encompass, assimilate, control, others. Internal-
ize as a method of assimilating others." 

Nancy _worked_ with lists that never worked. I start the text below. I
stop.  She wrote: 

"Instantaneous information, what can be seen at one time (without turn- 
ing one's head), and understood apart from a study of its parts.
Additive information, what takes time to be understood.
Sequential development, adding on, accumulations of information, the uses 
of time, precedent, juxtaposition."

Her work _accumulated,_ often no beginning, ending, cycles, no _pieces,_ 
but notations, annotations, a feminist consciousness problematizing the 
cohesive totality of _form._

"Open systems, infinitely referential, radial, linear, not circular (en- 
closed), in which all aspects of one's concerns relate to all others and 
form a continuous pattern in which many directions are equally possible 
and choices depend upon personal necessity (and are not irreversible).

Perhaps some fleeting thought, already gone."

And:

"Zone system: I operate somewhere between the appearance of the first 
black and the disappearance of the last white, but closer to the last 
white and sometimes beyond.

Between the lines. Pieces as segments, without beginning or end, some- 
thing from which to imagine a whole."

(Nancy Wilson Kitchel, Visible and Invisible, in Sondheim, Individuals: 
Post-Movement Art in America.)


From dreams, lists emerge, ruled information, unordered like my resume,
tolerant of nothing, characteristic of the Net. The world transforms in-
to databases; there's no doubt of this movement of parallel waves and
chiasms. Naive set theory takes over, fuzzy to be sure, but valuable to
libertarian anarchists among others; remember on the net t = 0. From
dreams, protocols and signoffs as well, quantified and assorted. Cunei-
form itself transformed from vertical to horizontal; you can trace the
effects on the signs, reflecting older symbolic ideograms. Sometimes but
not always there were lines, and earlier, grids, according spaces to
signs, each encased, the speaking of a mouth or other wonder. The ten-
dency was towards flow, however, as well as scribal expediency; on the
Net, lists remain just that, html tables, bookmark lists, commands in CMC,
everything in its _proper, privileged, and proprietary form._ I have had
arguments about this, seeing these forms as primary, subtextual, not sec-
ondary - there's a huge difference between Peirce's sheet of assertion and
the necessary well-defined placement of symbols upon it. And well-defini-
tion seeps into content as well; from purity, mirrors shatter, reflecting
the universe in fragments. 

There is also the issue of modernism, home of bureaucrats, typifications,
and tallies. In no way do I see the _substructure_ of CMC as postmodern -
all the surface effect ripples rely on deeper purified elements which have
zero tolerance to scribal error. The surface structure is something else,
of course, as Turkle points out; she finds it postmodern all the way, ski-
ttering, lateral, and she's right to an extent. But one can think of the
surface as a wound with cavities; lists emerge, directories from one's own
and other machines - these pour out like so much blood, temporary struc-
tures, agents. Even with hypertext, there is before and after; there is
forward and backward, even without history. 

The lists pour out, coagulate, half interior and half exterior. They suf-
focate both surface and depth. They organize what is forgotten, forget
what is unorganized. _Lists have no memory._ They are perfect redeemers. 
They are to the top with a bullet. 

Whatever is there is index, indexical, to the top. Whatever is there is
t = 0. But what is a list?

A list is a _concatenation,_ seriation - the first characterized by order
which may or may not be addressible, and the second, characterized by one
or another form of _capital._ A list occurs _beneath the sign of capital,_
(carrying Sartre's characterization one step forward or backward), econ- 
omic, cultural, grammatological, physico-mathematical. As such it is a 
distillation, Kristevan clean and proper body, prepared for _insertion._

Intra-insertion: Insertion _within the list_ of lists, sublists, terms.
Inter-insertion: Insertion _of the list,_ within lists, sublists, texts.

A list is always _found._

After finishing, Nancy Wilson Kitchel:

"(An undercurrent of violence) That sense of underlying violence - the 
potential of violence - under the apparent blandness, flatness, silence 
of things, under the controlled voice, behind a smile."

And:

"There is always the possibility that I am not making sense, that this is 
not clear (etc.). However, to be sure that I am as clear as possible, I 
form the letters carefully, by hand. I add a certain distance, an appear- 
ance of objectivity (that helps)." (ibid.)


