

-


Community and Lag


writing through telnet telnet telnet

I'd realy like to get to know you, Cynthis said to Tom waiting in the 
wings by the MOO fountain. This is terrific, that we're all on the same  
email list, I can't read you said tom to Cynthia as things got really 
weird becaue of lag lag alg lag lag .... Nothing made any sense to the 
two of them witnessing hte mosnter coming up in their midst, these weird 
spelling, did Cynthis say that as the screen lied to the eyes, returned 
nothing whatsoever that would give credence to the coherence of the 
world. Community foundered and produced on the same equivocations, said 
Travis who nhad just wantered by to see, rather to "tiwithness" the 
goings-on. Lag entered like the virus, in fact it was , no _was- the 
virus of what occurred in Cybermspace, Tiffany added. Where are you from? 
The words returned to her, she hadn's spoken them. Along came Cynthial 
and in fact it was her. Wait a minute, is this a community or not? It's 
more likea machine for reverbaration mechanics. Traavis watched the scren 
as Tom typed and typed never seeing what he was hearing or vice versa, 
but it was Tiffany runnning the show. Define community, la la. Define 
community, lalala. It was always the noie that was disturbing, call it 
THEORY_NOISE that just went on and on, humming background and foreground 
"to the extent that something was occurring, "w chih never seemed to be 
the case....

What kind of a thing is this when there's no alterity face-to-face, when
everything takes the persepctve of construction along with it, Honey
asked, but no one seemed to be listening? The faces are always dislaced
from one another, Tom said to Tiffay.And besides, there's more, because,
morphing into Honey, Travis replied to Cynthis echoing Tom's words, not
only no alterity but no, what reichenbach called genidentity, that IS
spelled correctly at that point, without rocorrection to be sure... 
genidentity being the idenityt that occurs when tereh the the coherence of
substance accompanying the content, objects are genidentical with
themselves and there ar repercussions developed in quantum and relativity
theory by among others reichenbach himself. he was something, but then can
ou have community without genidenitty, what in fact can you have? 

Tiffany didn't know, forgeting that @al would have given information 
available to her about all of them, without their knowing in fac,t just 
like the wizard Cynthia could have been in there at this very moment 
altering descriptions and genders with an @gender that transformed 
surfaces without consensent or words echoing back as they were wont to 
do, weren't they?

(a community of information perhaps or a community constructed through 
writing or a community indicative of construction or constructive, a 
gramatological comunity, or a community one takes with herself or himself 
off the terminal, harboring it dreamlike or a real community of waiting 
for the next line to appear lag or no lag, waiting by the screen, active, 
engaged, _active_)

But community of interest, of affect, attribute-community tagged to the 
moo or the mud or the talker or irc channel to be sure, newgroup or email 
list to be sure, worldschat and thepalace to be sure, iphone even on one 
to one but communicating by or through transitive relationships, not to 
mentio all the whiteboardin/conferencing systems out there. Community 
which doesn't depende on genidetntity and which further routes across or 
through lag which characterizes it: give someone time to think! for 
example which is always hte case in these matters...

but lag which places the last foot forward, Tom said to Travis as CYnthia 
and Tiffany coupled listening in but simultaneously beneath the surface 
paging one another through sexual abandonment.

in cyberspace community there are alawyas prommises to keep and send to 
one another, contacts to be made, photographs exchanged throgh irc dcc. 
what doesn't get corrected HERE becomes a form of _splat_ or corrosion, 
but that is the truth of the thing, isn't it?

I'm here, I'm part of you. I belong with you. I really love all of you. I
am who I am and that's what God said to be and you sometime I think in
front of the @burning bush. We do love and care for one another, lag. You
mayhave died between one word and the next. On a good day I will cons-
truct/ person/pesonality forever. Could this be such a good day?  Surely
it could be, because of he corrosion. 


