


HE-ZU-AM!


Marduk-IMAGE is taken by the Elamites; Marduk is retrieved and Marduk is
elevated. The fortunes of empires rise and fall; there are centuries in-
volved, far more than meets the eye, fields of grain, irrigation ditches.
This is the way the world is. 

he-zu-am in the Exaltation of Inanna, be it known!

But listen to the description of the demons in Dumuzi's Dream:

Those who moved against the king [Dumuzi] were a mixed group of men,
Who know not food, know not drink,
Eat no sprinkled flour,
Drink no poured out water,
Accept no pleasant gifts,
Enjoy no spouse in embrace,
Kiss not the very sweet children,
Taste not the bitter garlic,
They eat no fish, they eat no leek.

Like ninjas or freemen they wander the landscape of violence. Dumuzi's
sister Gestinanna waits; he says:

"Sister, go up upon the hill, sister, go up upon the hill!
Sister, when you go up upn the hill,
Do not go up like a noble man!
(But) after you have [scratched] your "heart" and your "liver",
After you have [scratched] your clothes and your crotch,
Sister, go up upon the hill!
Sister, when you have gone up upon the hill, 
Raise your eyes!
The evil ones, hated by men,
[Are coming] on the boat of the river!
They [hold] in their hands the wood to bind the hands, 
They are to be known from the wood to bind the neck - [no man
can] loosen it!"

Statues are taken back and forth among the kingdoms, seats of power. The
demons are ordinary men who are described here at least by negation, by
absence, not by the paraphernalia of secondary attributes. Gestinanna 
waits and scratches her body, including her crotch. Anatomy is a matter
of genuflection.

These scattered among myths and towns are three parts of a puzzle. Cer-
tainly there is a lot against the idea of bicameral mind here, but that
is another puzzle and another story. Meanwhile, it is not clear what the
puzzle is; the sprinkled flour may or may not be a clue, an early form
of "sand" painting or dispersal perhaps.

But I choose to think here of everything imbued to the extent that the
demons pass among us, as we would in actuality pass among them; they are
also described in fact as somewhat historic personages.

The sense of imbuing here seems unrelated _thank Dumuzi_ to traditional
notions of the numinous or fetishistic. Instead, in this meander I am
reminded of Michael Oppitz' four-hour film, Shamans of the Blind Coun-
try, which simultaneously is a recounting of Nepalese shamanism and a
real-time documentary of a young woman's initiation on the tree/pole, 
during which the villagers, at the base, haggle over costs. I imagine
Marduk rolled one way or another, or carried on ceremonial carts, much
like Juggernaut. I imagine strangers with lowered eyes, refusing sus-
tenance, trance-women like Medea walking in their midst. I have met them
on the Net, all of them, the statue or objet petit a somewhere else in
fact or fiction. The rest surrond us in a simulacrum of exchange.

MEDEA KALI PHAEDRA LISTEN Enheduanna speaks the Exaltation of Inanna:

"That you are as lofty as Heaven (An) - be it known!
That you are broad as the earth - be it known!
That you devastate the rebellious land - be it known!
That you roar at the land - be it known!
That you smite the heads - be it known!
That you devour cadavers like a dog - be it known!
That your glance is terrible - be it known!
That you lift your terrible glance - be it known!
That your glance is flashing - be it known!
That you are ill-disposed toward the ... - be it known!
That you attain victory - be it known!"

he-zu-am!

