
-


Stale Text on Community and Lag


So _we know_ that we can have community distended by time, lagging behind
itself, constructed beyond the natural flow of everyday life. Now let us
think this through on synchronous applications as well, noting for example
how MUDs often imitate, like Habitat, village life, how MOOs like Media
base themselves on physical universities. They're grounded, unlike others
operating out of fantasy/theory/childhood/spasm (almost all of which none-
theless have libraries, museums, theaters, the debris of classical agora).
What can we say about friendships or community/governance, except that
there are wide varieties and styles; the friendships I've found from MOO
for example are those which were reaffirmed in real-life situations, where
gender-jumping and morphing are more difficult. 
/I've already described this; where do we go from here?/

There are no firm answers to description of community, and one only notes
that in fact gender and morphing, transformation in general, plays a role
in relation to construct; that governance occurs with undertows of anarch-
ism; that desire is channeled in ways I've already described; that sexual-
ity fills imaginary spaces; that proper names are never what they seem to
be (and the theory of proper names needs to be withdrawn); that forthcom-
ing modalities of video and audio for specifically community-oriented 
applications will change things; that as usual, class demographics will 
play a larger role than one would want; that one will never die, that one 
will never die...
/http://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/~spoons/internet_txt.html goes over
and over this ground/

There is everything and nothing to say. On one hand, every conceivable
analysis is applicable, from psychoanalytical through marxist, decon,
pomo, etc. On the other, framework analysis may be more necessary than
ever, especially since effects such as lag, first/third person, rites of
passage (login/password), etc. are global in character; even god/wizard
rights are well-defined and differentiated from other user classes. 
/The same URL gives a measure of work on this as well. However, think of 
_rights_ of classes and there may be something left to work on./

Sometimes it is not so clear as to the point, beyond strictly academic
contributions. One would want to know, for example, about the political
ramifications of Usenet, the social and personal consequences of net sex,
the economic consequences of addictive MOOing, and even the physiological
consequences of uninterrupted IRC. Is Net community a replacement commu-
nity, an adjunct, a simulacrum of community, a form of literary disposi-
tion, all or none of these? While I do not think these questions are ans-
werable in the abstract, individual testimonials are valuable, at least
hinting of a certain human future in the midst of otherwise-chaos. 
/It's too vague. If you want to know what a village is, check out Hodder 
on The Domestication of Europe for example. If you want to define commu- 
nity, for whatever reason, there are all sorts of statistical methods, 
phenomenologies of identity and identification that may be brought into 
play. Suit yourself. What might be of immediate use, given Bosnia, Chia- 
pas, forthcoming elections in the United States and elsewhere - that geo- 
political, Realpolitik, analysis we've all been waiting for. What's going 
down in the world, what's being reported, what difference the reports are 
making, what sorts of net communities organize themselves around all of 
this, their interaction with everyday life as well./

I'm going over old ground once again...

