
-


Sunny Side, _Up_


Friends! What behooves us to read and reread the following words, in an 
indefinite attempt to forward the understanding, I speak of course of 
Vasily Rozanov:

"But ... it is _thence_ that 'our passions' arise!!?? These are, indeed, 
'protuberances of the sun' (torches, eruptions from the body of the sun). 
And the sun itself, is not it subject to 'passions'? Verily, 'there are 
spots even on the sun.' Christ alone is spotless. But our lovely sun is a 
bit of a 'sinner': it burns and warms, it burns and heats; it burns--and 
in springtime when it 'grows bigger,' when it not only warms, but begins 
to excite the blood, all animals start conceiving. The strength of the 
sun, the 'sin' of the sun, passes into animals. Everything grows stout, 
all bellies grow big. The earth itself wants seed ..."

And this is the _same_ Vasily Rozanov, of whom Nicolas Berdyaev says, in
his Dream and Reality: "He constantly provoked the charge of naked shame-
lessness, and many find him unspeakably shocking, or even disgusting." 

Now both Berdyaev and Rozanov, I am sure, would desire the presence of the
Sun as well as the Son, not to confuse the two, which only occurs perhaps
in English or among those with a well-developed sense of sin and degrada- 
tion. The spottiness subverts any form of Christian purity, to be sure, a 
point upon which Rozanov and Berdyaev part company, with the split accom- 
plishing the glow of the newborn or the presence of _something_ swollen, 
birth or other member of the human race.

To which one might reply, use a laptop as required, awaken to the Sun
within you, never mind the bollocks. Or even more to the presence of
_that_ point, construct a guarantee that your digital will be worn, in the
midst of your other digits, out-of-doors, _jogging_ as well as _surfing,_
through cyberspace. Otherwise, one is a pale shadow of... absolutely no-
thing visible or invisible, the only Shades present being those which are,
in one form or another, _drawn._

