
-


Some Early history of Cybermind and FOP-L


I found this, without a date, by Michael Current. He and I began talking 
about doing a list together; I believe he made the first proposal since 
he writes elsewhere in the letter "As to the list I was proposing" but 
I'm not positive. It's probably from late May, 1994. Anyway -

"As for the proposed list itself, it can pretty much be whatever the mod-
erators decide to frame it as. The moderators would be allowed to draft
the description that goes in the "info" file on the list. My thought was
that this would be a place a.) to discuss work devoted to, or relevant to,
the philosophical, etc, issues related to the impact of cyberspace on
subjectivization (or, as I prefer human becoming); b.) discuss these same
issues in more general terms; and b.[sic]) provide a palace to share work-
in-progress (this would especially involve student work, a great deal of
which is now focusing on cyber-issues. Thesis-net and a couple of other
lists have tried to perform this function, but don't seem to have succee-
ded, despite what looked to be a fair amount of interest.) So I guess that
would mean general conversation, conversation focused around specific
theorists/texts (perhaps some group readings from time to time), and dis-
cussion/critique of works-in-progress. 

"I know this is vague, but I just made it up :) and it is late at night."

Earlier, he talks about the politics of Thinknet (I don't feel comfortable
reproducing this), and the possibility of running Cybermind there; this
rapidly dissolved, however, and we moved to Spoons. Both were on world.
std.com in Boston. We moved from there later on to the virginia.edu - I
don't think Michael was alive at the time. We ended up, after that, on
aol.com where we are now. 

FOP-L originated between me and someone else at Spoons; we both wanted to
run a Blanchot list, but I wanted to run something on my own. After argu-
ing and realizing I didn't want to do another "proper name" list in any
case, I ended up with Fiction-of-Philosophy, which I still think of as a
terrible title. (Michael was running Deleuze-Guattari at the time, by the
way.) The two lists have always been related; both drew from Future Cul-
ture, the list I met Michael on, Cybermind more so. FOP-L moved from
Spoons to Purdue, of course. Around February 1995, I brought FOP-L down, 
unsubbed everyone and asked them to resub, out of a lot of neurotic pain 
I was going through at the time, in relation to some people who were dom- 
inating the list and attacking me as well. They left, didn't come back; 
there were all sorts of negative feelings on everyone's part, and FOP-L 
was crippled for a long time after that. Since then, however, it's run a 
lot smoother and with more of a focus than Cybermind.

What occasioned all of this was finding a batch of printed-out posts I no 
longer have on-line, but which I thought might be of interest...


