


Insomnia


..."the weariness concerns existence itself."

..."in weariness existence is like the reminder of a commandment to exist,
with all the seriousness and harshness of an unrevokable contract." 

"Fatigue - even, and above all, the fatigue that is unthinkingly termed 
physical - presents itself first as a stiffening, a numbness, a way of 
curling up into oneself."

"Fatigue is not just the cause of the letting go, it is the slackening 
itself."

"But, if fatigue is a condemnation to being, it is also a stiffening, a 
withering up, a breaking with the sources of life."

"To be weary is to be weary of being."

"Wakefulness is anonymous. It is not that there is _my_ vigilance in the 
night; in insomnia it is the night itself that watches. It watches. In 
this anonymous nightwatch where I am completely exposed to being all the 
thoughts which occupy my insomnia are suspended on _nothing._ They have 
no support. I am, one might say, the object rather than the subject of an 
anonymous thought."

(From Levinas, Existence and Existents, trans. Lingis.)

Insomnia is the _condition_ of cyberspace, which never sleeps, exhausts 
itself repeatedly as packets are spit out, posts abandoned, software 
decays in archeological strata covered by useless upgrades: Cyberspace 
itself is a _tel._ Insomnia _flattens_ and even nausea is withered, use- 
less within it.

About to partake of a journey, the traveler remains awake the night be-
fore, and the night before that, and before that; letters meld into one
another, each part of an equivalence that jostles the hole, shatters re-
dundancy for no purpose. He imagines the doubled vector of the planes he
must take; they crash repeatedly in his mind, the silver hulls turned 
microtomes, slicing tissue into gradients, body-slivers falling and des- 
iccated in dried-up space. Matter doesn't matter; things are soundless, 
as in cartoons. There are no survivors. Bodies _drift._

There are no survivors in cyberspace, which nauseates, the space of the 
insomniac. Tireless, fingers no longer type so much as _stutter_ repeat- 
edly, striking _out_ at keys. Posts disappear into a void like comb- 
space, raking the body incapable of bleeding. The planes fall over and 
over again from the sky. _There are no planes._ Nothing sails. 

"It will fly," one might say of a piece of software. It's going to run a 
bit, create a bit of a stir. Its days are numbered; the difference is, 
they're accounted for. The unknown has disappeared, replaced by paste.

