
-


Text-Based


My brother, who is involved with geomatics, and I, have been discussing
the Net, in particular text-based applications. I find that MOOs, etc., as
well as email lists, Usenet, are hardly mentioned in the media, of course,
at this point - all attention going to the Web. I find also that the
commercialization almost inherent in the Web mitigates against it being a
domain for textual interchange, at least at this point in time;  while
email can be embedded in html, etc., the tendency is towards cor- porate
feedback, and this colors everything. I also find a "boytoy"  attitude
which is critiqued in the Wired_Women book that has just ap- peared. My
brother on the other hand feels that there is ample room for both text and
graphics applications, that the commercialization doesn't necessarily seep
down into the textual, that the move towards graphics will allow for
greater participation and wider demographics overall, in the long run.
Both of us feel that the Net is in an early process of development, that
no one is sure where things are going. We talked about the NC, network
computer, and he's more optimistic than I am. I feel that the NC will
require at the least an auxiliary hard-drive in order to protect any sort
of data from Net-hacking, and that this requirement, and others, already
leads the NC in the direction of a PC-"povera," that won't work as well as
the PC itself, since all the components will be user-add-ons. He feels
that a lot of the use of the NC would be family-oriented, that children,
for example, might well keep their drawings on-line for sending and
further manipulation - in which case, the hard-drives, etc. might be un-
necessary. He also pointed out that a strong use of the NC would be in
intranet applications, where information would be company-based, and could
be centrally stored. 

I begin to wonder whether the history of the Net is not overwhelming me,
since it relates to the anarcho-new left radicalism of the 1960s, out of
which came books as well, Levy's Hackers being a prime example. For me, it
has always been more or less open-channel, simultaneously hacked and pro-
tected, but a domain whose objectivity could claim to be, in part, ab-
sorbed by subjectivity, a domain aligned with _speaking_ as well as with
_writing,_ and therefore paradoxically, with _body_ from the very beginn-
ing. For someone else, coming later to technology and techne, it is al-
ready and always already display, spectacle, permitting the _insertion_ of
the subject, much as Lacan's langue permits the insertion of the _I_ as
shifter which then resonates/constructs the _same._ (Thus in a crude 
sense the Net as _culture_ as opposed to the Net as _nature._ In Virtual 
Geography, Wark already speaks of the topography of information and in- 
formation vectors as "third nature"...)

The latter representation stresses the Net-inert, so to speak, the given
and pregiven, even in the midst of upgrade, which is also given and pre-
given. The former emphasizes the process itself, including upgrading as a
series of plateaus and transformations. The latter fits neatly into a
corporate model, and the former, into one that is more or less knowledge-
based. In fact, the old distinction of entertainment/information paths for
Net development (by "old" I mean no more, say, than three years) leads
to these differences as well, entertainment appealing to the libidinal 
energy driving or inherent in capital, and information relating to the 
very _problematic_ of thought, thinking, text on or off the Net...

Five years from now, this will all be history, like radicality itself, 
which has already dissolved on one hand in its own problematic, and on 
the other in its fetishization within _Wired_ and the Web.

