


Spring-Time Smiles


My name is Semantha. Sometimes with my eyes very very closed, I could see
the daemons. They were almost transparent, their skin all pink like the
inside of a baby's mouth, and sometimes clothed quite in gossamer white
dresses that shimmered as they flew about. I was wonderfully in love with
them, then, and I knew just by closing my eyes, I could return to my home
away from all cares and sorrows.

Sometimes they would whisper the sweetest nothings to me, and sometimes
they would playfully tug at my own tired garments, pulling them aside and
frolicking in the folds and plains of skin revealed to their tiny eyes. It
was then that they would tell of beauty and truth, or the beauty and truth
of ideal forms, how like my body and pleasant smile were to both. I would
swoon with the joy of it, and soon the daemons became my lifelong compan-
ions, the very dearest to my heart, even unto this very day. I began this
thinking of telling you of my recent afflictions, but in fact I have none
to speak or even whisper of, in this world curtained towards all delight.
With their blond hair and lovely blue eyes, the daemons have protected 
and befriended me; what need have I of human companionship in a world al-
ready so full of love. The wires sing to me, yes they do.

2

The blinding light regaled us during our noonday stroll, which unobtrus-
ively extended itself into the shadows of the setting sun. The blurs,
blots, spikey spears, lozenges of the world criss-crossed our paths, pen-
umbral, umbral daemons flitting about, strewn wherever light decreased,
dancing and laughter increased, the bygones bygone of the sadly everyday.
A little girl with a pink frock skipped gaily by, her hoop a whirl of 
commotion as she skillfully guided it along the bridal path. Salary-men
glided slowly in the distance, bowlers perched in unison upon well-coiffed
heads and shoulders. A light breeze carried white doves hovering in the
languid sky, close to the shade of a darker blue. It was time for once-
again dreaming, the loveliness of the day melding into the sweet and sil-
ent pathos of the night.

The daemons made a bee-line for the water.

Olivia, in _Olivia,_ says, "I was with her, beside her, for ever close to
her, in that infinitely lovely, infinitely distant star, which shed its
mingled rays of sorrow, affection, and renouncement on the dark cold world
below."

Cornford says, well said, "Being derived from a vanished group, the _moira_
is necessarily shadowy, negative, unreal. The _daemon_ (_genius_) of a per-
son, on the other hand, retains the element of beneficient power."

I will read and learn you beauty beauty! Your words pour over me, flutter-
ing daemons like fairy-wraiths caress the rosy-hued dawn!

