
-


Suspense Story


The first thing that comes to mind on this airplane is _poise._ Suspended
perfectly in mid-air, the lozenge hangs as energy input equals output,
nothing is lost, residuals go into uptake. It is perfect. It is the Net
itself, without its safety, _held._ The obdurate real folds/falls away,
that real which is capable of harboring a cuneiform tablet for millennia
without difficulty. Cutting into the stone, it remains. Cutting into the
Net, it remains, driven by power, accessible by power, communication al-
ways already mediated, layers of mediation, dragging the archeological
along with it. Even if hard-drives remain inviolate, isolated, retaining
their magnetic domains, their very readability is not based on transla-
tion, but the presence of peripherals, guiding heavily formatted and ar-
ticulated heads across the substrate. Nothing is there to be _seen in
other words,_ the cuneiform _scene in other words_ absent, of a _grit_
that would destroy, cauterize, the delicate surface of the disk.

It's in freefall. Think of it as elevator constantly accelerating, Eins-
tein's elevator in fact, the movement in space equivalent to gravitation-
al pull. But isolated, an internalized system at odds with itself, the
airplane thus _static,_ the drink remaining on the traytop, not even a
momentary spillage. The hurtling airplane: it's as if _the world were
real._ As on the Net, as though the letters were carved, _there,_ all a
question or pleasure of mimicry. It's not at all simulacrum but reson-
ance between one and another or among others.

ii.

To some extent it's a question of _mechanism._ Histories of video, audio,
and computation all emphasize an initial reliance on mechanical power and
translation, increasingly absorbed within the electronic; a second move-
ment of course is from analog to digital, all the way down. It is this
second movement that separates the world from itself, turns the noisiness,
say, speech, into regulated and well-defined instantiations. The clarity
of potential wells is not a characteristic of the natural disorder of 
things; the world is a messy place, with half-hearted and somewhat ineff-
ectual attempts at isolation. Compare this to the clean and proper zeros
and ones of speech turned telephony, the all-or-nothing transmission of
packets; Iphone reverses the process somewhat by extrapolating between
packets that haven't arrived, lost on the run - the world morphs into 
itself, sutures over, and the listener may be aware of nothing at all. 

