


Failure to Overwhelm


To theorize the Net, analyze it according to one or another model (see 
below), to examine it without any philosophical presuppositions (an im- 
possibility), to include or exclude metaphysics: A closed - an academic 
loop is formed, the placement of a book or article (I try for this my- 
self), but what occurs beyond this, what reason, what point (reason 
collapsed to a node)?

What can theory _provide_ if it is not, for example, descriptive kinesics,
software design philosophy, standardization of protocols, typifications? 
It remains an augmentation, appendaged to what? Half in and out of the
corpus of philosophical discourse, applied philosophy, but towards what
ends? What? (Consider _here_ the onset-characteristics of a trumpet tone.)

There is of course the theorizing of the virtual - from a phenomenological
viewpoint, theory describing _stuff_ on several levels, the _stuffing_ in
fact of cyberspace itself, however that term is defined, split, deconst-
ructed. Of course there are no conclusions; there are, instead, parallels,
analogs, interstitial or liminal displays of language. 

Statistics appear in sociological analysis, almost always soft. Structures
may or may not emerge. Whatever they're made to speak is manufactured. On
the other hand, considerations of Being, etc. lend themselves to curious
metaphysics. These can go anywhere, routed in roots.

This _applied_ theory centers it _on topic,_ a source of decay. What if 
there's no theory-otherwise? What theory-otherwise would apply? What 
ghosts enter the maelstrom, alternative selves, ectoplasms, staggered or 
schizzed personalities inhabiting the same flesh?

Theory vis-a-vis topicality _here_ is already abject, a vestige of terri- 
torialized minor philosophy, slide-rule humans approaching the discarded 
object, still clothed and canvas-wrapped. Minor philosophy, perhaps in 
the sense of Deleuze and Guattari, minor literature.

Even the psychoanalytics of the space generate ghost shots at a new sub- 
jectivity - but these things change on an almost daily basis. 

All this spells ennui, the peculiar analytical burnout where cyberspace 
theory is concerned, entrance and exit _the doldrums._ It's partly the 
socio-political atmosphere of "the times," exhaustion as theory becomes 
mechanism, predictable, unused, negative dialectics. On one hand, arti- 
culation is all there is; on the other, overwhelming information all the 
way down/across, well-definition literally ruling, graduating the day.
The liminal fails to erupt; the liminal is theorized.


