


Left Behind Whine, Shame, Don't Read


I'm cannon-fodder. There are times I wish I were dead, times when I find
myself left behind in development as others with money or institutional 
support leap to at the least 32 bit more likely Windows 95 / NT, Solaris
Sun and then some. I have no access to VRML, to Java; I can't afford a
CD ROM for the 486/33 because the hard-drive has been augmented with ano-
ther to bring the machine into the 90s. Yet I have to teach this stuff;
I write about it, exhausted.

I would love to build a CD Rom around my texts/images; there's no support.
I'd love to work with another student like Kayo Matsushita, but I'm almost
entirely out of the New School now, except for the computer instruction 
center. FTP anyone? Without a base, my texts spit into emptiness, carrying
nothing with them. I sleep worse at night than ever. Surely there must be 
a place for this crap.

I've given up on conferences. I see names of everyone I know at conferences
but I can't participate - no monies for travel, equipment, nothing but 
stress and meager hope that I can keep typing away. Type is the cheapest 
medium. If I could I would: buy a CD ROM drive, external, plus burner, 
load up on NT and linux, pay for a local home-page website. Even that is 
difficult; the damn text I wrote is at 3.5 megs, and with the indices and 
graphics it's already close to 5.

I read Wired again and everything in it is _the gear,_ _killer,_ at the 
least, _cool,_ and way the hell out of reach. I'm ashamed - not from cri- 
tique for the magazine - but from my inability to participate. My ideas 
are as good as anyone's! But I'm left behind.

And if I'm in this position, there are millions worse off, who find the
split between the promise and premise of the Net, and THEIR reality grow-
ing daily, in spite of the cost of Pentiums dropping. As the Net moves
more and more in the direction of manageriality (something I predicted de-
cades ago, big deal), it becomes increasingly seamless, upper-middle to
upper-class, a long distance from the anarchist poverty of medieval ori-
ginary hacking. The fetish section of Wired shows expensive and SEAMLESS
objects, not to be dismantled, rewired, turned into something. No assembly
language in the absence of assembly... And I'm back here fiddling with a 
486/25 trying to get the config.sys to speed things up, the tiniest bit, 
trying to keep the damn battery from dying once and for all.

I am turning grey, the color of buildings and streets, disappearing into
liminality, crevices, invisible to one and all. Animals are already taking
over the loft; I hear them in the walls, out of reach. Radiation is the
order of the day. My whole life is here! Insects crawl across my skin. If
I die my cat may starve. How much longer can I pay the cost of my ac-
counts? No one wants to read text or theory any longer. My graphics rely
on primitive forms of manipulation. Disease is just around the corner; I
can see the floor faintly glowing of its own accord in the middle of this
or any other night. Claws reach between the keys. Sleep itself is a night-
mare; that's all that happens for hours. I nap several times a day. Mela-
tonin no longer works. I've stopped dealing with cholesterol. I need a low
calorie diet so I can live another fifty years because I want to see how 
Courtney turns out. 

In my spare time I read the Iliad. I know this: _Something is wrong with 
the book._ The Hittites knew these guys; they were just a little to the 
west, on the shore there. I think the Achaeans were too. As with Iran's 
Yima, one wants to know - how did the names get that way? And so many, 
and so long after the fact? Tonight I'll close my eyes and once again 
await the spears, muscles torn from their sockets, always that originary 
wound - it just takes one, it always have. And back then and now, among 
them, I won't be left behind.

