





Levitation





If I rise above my body, I imagine it drawn by the outlines and inter-

stices of the hadwritten text formed against my eyelids; thus I travel

upon the Net from one goal to another. Looking downward, I see myself 

supine, there is a narrow mattress against the wall in an off-white room,

and I am perfectly dressed in jeans, dark long-sleeve shirt: there I am!

With care I can move slightly above or below, always remaining fixed on 

the image, which can never escape; it is as if I am here to guarantee the 

lack of escape, the positioning of the body for all time, the body which 

I claim, the body which is mine alone.



I would huddle there against the ceiling, fixed as I said, somehow unable

to escape the dimly-lit room, which I most certainly desire to; after all, 

the body feeds on foreign images. I would bring back, devoured for its  

pleasure, everything in the world, cathedrals and mountains alike from the 

smallest guppy to the largest whale. But on the other hand which is my 

only hand, I am remaindered there, as I said, just below the ceiling, off-

white, dark, unable to find my way to the nearest window or door. And how 

could I, without a key or the means of opening this or any other latch?



Sometimes in this position, I will a dream of other worlds and visions, 

but this is inconsequential, something I would do normally from the posi-

tion of sleep. There seems to be no reason to elaborate.



My body is remarkably acquiescent; it remains more or less still, and I

have no fear of its waking. Pinned there, it could not escape on its own;

there is hardly a split (_Spaltung_) of the ego that would accommodate

it. Nothing speaks to nothing, although the unconscious is not only not

structured like a language, but hardly a knot, or a not-knot at best. And 

where would this reside, except in the interstices of the hovering, some-

thing to consider at all counts?



(Hovering is always already shape-riding, the vortex, as in The Forbidden

Planet, that which eludes the most, the body-without-name, but present

as inchoate/chthonic. Hovering is what may be seen through the dream of

texts, and it is my/I firm belief that secondary narcissism is primary

narcissism, a virtual tunneling through the symbolic, as if the symbolic

exists. Perhaps this detour is in fact the construct of the symbolic; no

matter that I have located such a foundation. The shape is _there-here,_

an emanation from spew to emission. Heidegger's got the shape.)



