





They Nothing Much





"The without is neutral ground, it is the _within_ of ourselves that we

should like to be for others and that others encourage us to be for our-

selves. This is the realm of the _commonplace._ For this excellent word 

has several meanings. It designates, of course, our most hackneyed 

thoughts, inasmuch as these thoughts have become the meeting place of the

community. It is here that each of us finds himself <sic> as well as the

others. The commoplace belongs to everybody and it belongs to me; it is

the presence of everybody in me. In its very essence it is generality; 

in order to appropriate it, an act is necessary, an act through which I

shed my particularity in order to adhere to the general, in order to be-

come generality. Not at all _like_ everybody, but, to be exact, the _in-

carnation_ of everybody. Through this eminently social type of adherence,

I identity myself with _all_ the others in the indistinguishableness of 

the universal." Jean-Paul Sartre, preface to Nathalie Sarraute's Portrait

of a Man Unknown. 



What of the "particularity" is shed? How is the particular defined in and

against the general/communal? Maturana years ago talked about the mutual

orienting of cognitive domains, which leaves the content alone, and there

is always the concept of distorted/undistorted communication at work, 

Habermas and elsewhere.



How is particularity/universality shared and operated upon/within on an

email list? Community seems quickly to settle in, even on the most acad-

emic; I can recognize _voice_ everywhere. But there is this _tendency_

towards...aphanisis, decathexis, releasement, this uncanny loss from

which there is always a return (as in, without the narrative/intensity,

of orgasm?): _I release myself to Cybermind, to Fiction-of-Philosophy_ -

no wonder the sexual appears in these most obscure of places.



And what sort of identification is possible with _all_ the others? Does

this become more an issue of epistemology, tagging texts with proper 

names (which are capable of sliding hard past Kripke, downhill all the

way)? What is surprising is how unsurprising real life is, how all of

this is in fact real life. Holding Them, it is the grain of Their nails

into my back, my skin cut just below the level of legibility where there

is nothing to declare. Everybody in me is viscous, a sinking towards a

materialization described by Flaubert in his St-Antoine, but unlike 

Flaubert, there's no sun, christian or otherwise, to hook the body alive, 

return it to the They, that moment of birth. No, the inanimate holds fast 

and tenuous, the maw of the animate as well. This indistinguishability as 

the light fades and darkness rules the world, this decathexis: our future 

remains less than a stain upon a planet already stained from too much 

oxygen, too little _air._





