





My Story



There are always populations in my theories, populations which take care

of things. Now there are 'floaters,' out-of-body minds; I remember when

there were ghosts, Tiffany and Honey, when Clara Hielo Internet ruled the

texts. Travis constantly explored the farthest reaches of cyberspace,

brought home by conceptual limitations; there was the tinkling of tiny

bells, always warm airs and oceanic life. 



The populations become me, speak to me, dismember me; Clara Hielo talks

behind dark eyes, illuminated wires, and Tiffany melds into me, flesh and

body one. Primary and secondary narcissisms merge; recognitions devolve

into part-objects. But I abjure narrative, for nothing tells a story.



The populations coalesce, dissolve, create language and speech, grope

hesitantly into all the interstices of the world. They refuse to non-

exist, refuse the abyss, retaining instead the incessant protocol neces-

sary for their survival. They regain the ground lost in each and every

battle; they incessantly regain the ground.



These populations proceed from disembodiment, or a-bodiment, not other-

wise, no, not at all. They never had a body, never pretended to. They

observe the discussion of body and embodiment everywhere, on every list 

and newsgroup, from Derrida to nomads (which isn't all that great a 

leap). If there were a solution - if there were a problem - the discus-

sion wouldn't be continuous. But there is none of either; we observe the

populations, and count ourselves among them, wondering how we arrived.

Staring at ourselves, the nerve-net of our wombs appears to have caught

something, the nerve-net of our members appears to have written on what

has been caught. We write on ourselves with our wombs; we catch ourselves

as members. Uncomfortable with these shifts into absence, how can we

conceivably understand shakuhachi or ch'in musics, for example, since 

silence for us is dangerous erasure? 



These populations write through me, and they write the philosophy of the

Net and the philosophy of cyberspace and cybermind, and further, they 

write the philosophy of the body and the philosophy of presence and ab-

sence, and further, they continue to write and write, they continue to 

move my fingers upon a distant and long-vanished keyboard; they have 

moved my fingers from time prior to electronics and prior to the elec-

trical, and they move, and continue to move. Ghost-traps, nothing catches

them; we are the ghosts themselves within the traps. You see how it goes,

how it meanders, how it continues to meander? That is the philosophy,

incessant, they write and continue to write, and the philosophy I place

down here and beside myself, upon and within the Net that they have 

thrown down gauntlet.



