







Future Culture /rough draft/





("Future culture," ethnocentrisms, multiculturalisms, regionalisms, im-

plying _both_ cultural production vis-a-vis the arts, and lived culture

"in general." So we say our art is our life, on occasion, something to 

that effect. Now, there is no difference; both are utterly transforming, 

the terms suspect. Keep that in mind. You're on a journey and there's

no turning back.)



A short while ago, there would have been no problem; Delphi and other 

predictive techniques, including computer extrapolations, presented a

relatively coherent view of an emergent world. Now and for at least the

next half-century, such extrapolations are locally relevant at best; no

pictures, nothing is glimpsed beyond them. We are in the dark-age of

fast-forward multiple (inter)-connectivities which construct equally

multiple topographies and worlds. It is no longer clear that what lives

on the level of representation, does not _live_ as well; artificial life

is life of a form, decimated by pulling the plug. If artificial life is

clearly the dynamics of information/processing, what removes us from 

this as construct: What remains obdurate in the world?



Even embodiment becomes problematic; the body is a report from ourselves

to ourselves, and an echoed message on the Internet sends the state of

things back to the machine which sent it. What _appears_ to be the Net 

is a first step into the darkness of cyberspace, rather cyberspatiality,

where William Gibson novels appear almost classical in their depictions

of communications domains and their (ecological) niches. The confines of

3-space in/out up/down back/forth may break apart, returning only as

orthogonal foundations always already out of sight.



The act of _reading the screen_ thrusts the body's desire away from the

body like a thing unhinged; desire travels, no longer a psychoanalytical

category, but an _intelligent agent,_ away from the home terminal, per-

haps to return immediately, perhaps to wander forever. New relationships

become possible; net.sex is only the beginning of an efflorescence of

intimacies which no longer necessarily reflect an "authentic" self. It

is not so much that gender is switched, as that gender is construed in

each and every case, the body falling/not falling far behind. (Not to

mention other genders, nuances, other forms of power, multiple and new

organs, vaginal mouths, probosci.)



Traffic Report: As bandwidth increases and protocols become more flexi-

ble, so do sensory modalities increase on the Net; virtual reality tech-

nology will eventually become commonplace. But as the Net expands into

the simulacrum of an organic membrane, it becomes increasingly vulnerable

to hacking. Hint: Look for increased hacking in the next millennium, 

hacking as a way of life, the hacking culture, with its emphasis on anar-

chic bricolage, becoming the seeds of a future renaissance.



Suburban sprawl begins to characterize the spew and cacophony of informa-

tion fleeing the center city everywhere in the world; within the sprawl,

nothing lacks. The growth of CMC (computer-mediated-communication) in

the less industrially-developed or poorer nations is indeed slow, and

within them, nationalism on the Enlightenment model becomes increasingly

difficult to maintain. Cut off, these will be more and more left to fend

for themselves, Net sites like sparks in blackout electrical storms. One

can expect continuous reinscription of territory as global extinctions

and pollutions exhaust the land everywhere. In spite of occasional suc-

cess with DNA banks, the world of 2020 will be one of limited species

maintenance; only viral and bacterial disorders will continue to prolif-

erate at an unprecedented level. (And what of other models of nationalism

or territorialization? Everywhere, competition and weaponry work war,

separate. Desertification and population are still out of check.)



Information will exhaust itself daily in this model, without legitimated 

steering mechanisms; these, too, are up for grabs, sprawl, proliferate. 

The future model of _anything_ moves from mechanism through clock through 

membrane to coagulation. Consider mechanism and Newtonian/Euclidean phy-

sics; clock and general/special relativities; membrane and string theory/

telecommunications; and coagulation, the clotting of local nanotopograph-

ies, computer-assisted theoretics, the humanities continuing their re-

treat, on occasion retrenching vis-a-vis totalization/coag/deconstruction. 



(Connectivity: Currently this is often through university or corporate

accounts, work-stations used off-hours. The trend towards home computers

will obviously continue, particularly as multi-media expands and prices

drop. Future culture, however, tends towards portability, beyond laptops

towards notebooks, subnotebooks, voice reception/transmission, and above

all, towards the elimination of the modem in favor of cellular or other

radiolinks. In this fashion: voice/radio, the terminal becomes an inten-

sification of identity/communality processes, a tacit accompaniment or

prosthesis to the body inhabiting "virtual subjectivity" or _cybermind._

Hint: The body moves from _being_ to _doing,_ an existential project.

Hint: It's not used to this; it lurks, or talks and talks. Speaking, it

abandons the productions of its speech. Listening, it flows with aban-

donment. Hint: The internalized machine listening to its own and others'

speech.)



(The arts: People will continue to make things. People will continue to

write about them. There will be fewer galleries. There will be more

images and more museums. Nothing will die and nothing will change.)



The arts will be a painting. As on the Net, the spectator shifts into 

the gear of a spectator; sure, there will be collectors and justifyingly

dense prose as long as capital survives with its insistence on the hand-

crafted and materiality. But vis-a-vis Bourdieu, CMC is already its own 

formulation, sparking transformations, sexualities, desires, economies,

identities, objects, visions, disembodiments and life on another level

altogether. What is occurring epistemologically leaves the traditional

art-critical methodologies working upon the hardened body of representa-

tion behind; when representation becomes dynamic flux - when process art

no longer processes within an isolated bandwidth (i.e. Robert Barry) -

criticality itself changes, hypertexts, absorbs. Hint: _Just as hacking

is an art, art is hacking._ In art, identity burrows beneath representa-

tion and commodity structures. It's sellable because unsellable, always

software-in-hardware, always in media res, always in discourse.



Just as "a short while ago, there would have been no problem," now there

_is_ a problem, as new class structures emerge in North America and else-

where, among those who embrace the new technologies and those who do not.

The telephone, in spite of its relation to the dead and mourning, never

promised the space of the Other and the Same; television's space is 

clearly indexical, no matter how much surround is added to it. (In fact,

indexicality may be considered an attribute of late capitalist produc-

tion, which has moved from the symbolic in terms of consumerism.) In vir-

tual reality, however, as well as its intimations upon the Internet, one

moves even beyond the ikonic to representation's absence (although built

of course upon level upon level (protocol suites) of representation);

it's for this reason that so much is made of "cyberspace" as if there 

were really another world present, instead of single or double computer

output screens. Representation glides into the _uncanny,_ which both 

utilizes and problematizes the symbolic itself; it becomes deeply and 

permanently unclear _who_ is beyond/within/without the physical body

clearly interacting with the monitor. (This _who_ comes up constantly in

discussion on newgroup and email lists, usually in reference to issues of

embodiment. It's not so much a matter of reaching a resolution, but of

charting previously uncharted territory - as if one were finally able to

concretely examine the psychology and phenomenology of ghosts. Something

like that, but not quite.)



The phenomenology of ghosts lacks granularity; details go blank as the

abyss opens up between one and another character or pixel. The surface

must always extend by gestural logics, the mind filling-in the details,

a projectivity involving the releasement of desire. This is the dream-

like quality of cyberspace, always melding, flexible, a relative of the

arcana. Surface and depth become identical, but not surface. (O just

like Narcissus.)



And in the abyss, there is always the darkness beckoning from the screen.

Noise and abjection are relegated to the content of text or image; the 

space is cleansed and stuttering. It stutters because of the others who 

are also on-line and speaking, chattering elsewhere; it stutters because

of the vagaries of the network connections, because of the hops; it stut-

ters because of the weather. But the stuttering closes down, lends itself

to textual lag, not to the slow deterioration of analog communication

which almost always gives the appearance of reconstitution; one can _try_

to hear someone else, after all, in the midst of a noisy party. Instead,

the abyss is a metonymic representation of absolute annihilation, also

given by the kill/delete commands used in Net applications. 



It is the abyss which opposes the excess of the textual, and the abyss 

which provides the substructure against/within which the textual appears.

It is always tenuous, the crack in cyberspace spelling death of (dis)em-

bodiment, a remainder or reminder. It is the abyss which is located with-

in the appearance of real life as well - just as "real life" needs now a

term of its own, not in contradistinction to a cultural arena such as the

theatre, but in relation to _lived experience elsewhere,_ an elsewhere-

inhabitation. (In cyberspace, nothing dies, everything moves from node to

node, the flood floods. "In cyberspace, there is no there there.")



In the future books will be very clean with illuminated letters. In the

future, books will never have pages; they will have search engines prod-

ducing the reader's history, or search engines producing hypertextual

content. In the future, images will stop at a specified magnification of

content to pixel; nothing but code exists beyond the object you carry

with you, the being you make love to. In the future, you may use a search

engine to search that being, or a search engine to reproduce hir history.

In the future, you will learn the art of _concatenation,_ the placement

of one thing against or adjacent to another think, and the art of _link-

ing,_ connecting the two, beginning the web. You will hope that the web

will grow, take on a life of its own. You will examine your body for your

own web; your web will have links that you and others have constructed.

In the future, you will think of this as a recognition, but it will never

be clear that the coagulation-thinking is in fact "you" thinking, or 

thinking-thinking, and it makes no difference, philosophically, psycho-

analytically, or other wise. 



In the future your body will be very clean with illuminated images. In

the future, your body will never have organs; it will have search engines

producing your history or lend itself elsewhere, in couplings bringing

back dim memories of ancestries which are located elsewhere, in another

web, but completely and entirely accessible.





("In the future, there is no when when." There are sheaves, topologies of

temporality, internal and external time-consciousness. There are differ-

entials, but there are no when, no now. There are certainly no then. Like

space, time is a becoming-coagulation, a confluence as nation passes na-

tion into collapse, or there is no nation, or no one talking. Begin with

this no one, this zero-psychoanalysis. Emerging beings flutter around 

networks, embodied as programs or information, embodied as machines, 

embodied as organic carbon-based complexes. Emerging beings are always 

emerging and there are irrevocable passages among them. But the when-when

is/was/will-be no longer, or at least differently. 



The differential is because of the absent class, those not jacked in, 

those close to starvation; those in the midst of wars and famine, those

producing these equations in dirt-poor factories around the world. Infor-

mation flows from the material substrate of exhaustion and pestilence

through the chips themselves to the jacked-in; this is the political econ-

omy of information, as deadly as any, with its information rich and poor.

Overall, the cost of production decreases as physical downsizing contin-

ues; no one requires an office-building or physical starship model when

bits and bytes will do. Value relates to information-density and _manage-

ment._ Value is the processing of that density and management. Unlike the

traditional artist, working with clay and other relatively disorganized

materials (in spite of the cost of oils, say), the artist who is the 

_shape-rider_ exists parasitically at the top of the heap: S/he has 

_access._ Access and the knowledge to use it determine already future 

culture, and this is literal jacking-in, the crack-war information drug

pumping hard through hir veins. The future is one of addiction, language-

games coming around full circle; if we're addicted to speech now, and

who isn't, we will speak through each other, through ghosts speaking

through us, through the thinking thinking that we will/are become. 



>> _In the future, there is no is._)





