





Notebook Entry



On September 23, 1998, several small atomic devices were discharged in

the following cities: Dublin, New York, Oran, Beijing, Buenos Aires,

Beirut, Jerusalem, Los Angeles. A radiation belt was visible for several

nights thereafter, and ground levels rose world-wide by 212%. The death

toll has never been determined; including the resulting cancers, it can

be assumed in the neighborhood of 75-78 million. The pattern of explo-

sives has never been accounted for. The world was going through a long-

term crisis of denationalizing, which began with the breakup of the 

former USSR; it is speculated that the material necessary for the bombs

came from Siberian sources.



The Internet was heavily disrupted for several weeks; due to the redun-

dency of its backbones (some of which had just been implemented), it

functioned as an alternative communications system during the aftermath.

An odd consequence of the disruptions was the immediate increased number

of "hacks," or computer breakins/breakdowns, which died down only after

several months.



No demands accompanied the detonations, and no groups took responsibil-

ity. Clearly, there was high-level organization behind the slaughter; 

the devices all went off within twenty minutes of each other, universal

time. The coordination may have utilized the Net, but there were no

functioning sites, for example, in Oran (a town described by Camus).



Like a plague of flying saucers in a grade B film, the impact of the ex-

plosions went far beyond loss of life. In fact, it was dearly hoped 

that the world would finally come together in a siblinghood of humanity,

working as one for the pure and perfect peace that was so surely at hand.

But it was also recalled that the breakup of the former Cold War environ-

ment had also appeared to signify the increasing production of peace, and

nothing of the sort occurred.



Some of the post-generation-xers speculated that young men always need to

set their goals high, and what could be higher than slaughter, in which a

division is clearly made within the fabric of civilization: you are or 

are not dead, for example. They argued that life is defined by death of

course, and more, that war and terrorism always create horizons of death,

an exciting place to live in half-life, which is all we have been grant-

ed. They saw terrorism as an edge which defined them, because it was an

edge of action and activity, an edge even of artificial intelligent 

agents which could roam the interstices and courses of the Net itself, on

the prowl for one another. They believed that the world was ruled by 

chaos in the form of size queens, young bucks measuring their penises in

a contest which began at least four million years ago when upright men

were visible shaken by the appearance of upright men and women. 



They philosophized that the pacific or peaceable kingdom or queendom had

no boundaries whatsoever, nothing to test themselves against. Pounding

their spears into the ground, they required the construction of writing

to parade what they had learned, and durable materials for the leaving 

of records to their posterity. They demanded further implementation of 

the Net for the disemenation of their wildest dreams and desires, insis-

ting that this specific form of aggression, which included chest displays 

and increased pounding, was gender-inherited, part and parcel of each and

every male, no matter how peaceful they seemed, clothed in the benign

forces of post-USSR civilization. 



Some women argued in return that nothing was gender-inherited, and that

this particular gauntlet transcended considerations of sexuality. Thus in

turn they argued that size queens belong to all, that it was not a matter

of any sort of demographic preference, but that just to speak was already

to do true warrior violence to one another; even silent signalling would

determine the course of a battle in ancient times. 



Of course the majority of men and women were silent on these and other

issues, concerned as they were with getting on with life or tending the

walking wounded. Among themselves they said they simply did not feel safe

any longer and would no longer feel safe as long as they lived.



Later there were rumors that a new series of detonations would occur 

somewhat closer to the beginning of the third millennium, but there were

also rumors that there would be no causal linking between the slaughter

and the approach of the occidental new year's day. We continue to hear

these rumors now, and are writing them to you, so that you may be aware

that something new and awful may be about to occur.



