





Absolut 





123456789*987654321=121932631112635269



"Therein is concretely shown the firm and indissoluble bonds of our Party 

with the people, the wisdom of its Leninist and collective directory, the 

all-conquering force of Marxist-Leninist doctrine on which is founded the 

activity of the Party. In all these years the Party held high the great 

banner of the deathless Lenin. Loyalty to Leninism is the source of all 

the successes of our Party." Khrushchov 1956



"Changes in the world will proceed in the direction well described by 

Marx, Engels, and Lenin in their theoretical works. We Communists have 

deep faith in the triumph of Marxist-Leninist teaching. I think that for 

the majority of mankind the great vital power of this teaching is now 

becoming clearer and clearer." Khrushchov 1958



"The basic principles of Dialectical Materialism - the doctrine on the 

material essence of the world, on matter and its existential forms, on 

the most general laws of the development of being, on the relationship of 

matter and consciousness - were able to be elaborated only on the solid 

basis of a knowledge of nature. The revolution in the domain of 

philosophy which was accomplished by Marx and Engels and which marked the 

origin of Dialectical Materialism, was the product of a masterful 

generalization of the development of science and socio-historical 

practice." Osnovy 1958



(Blakeley, Soviet Scholasticism, Reidel, 1961)





"In dialectical materialism the following qualitatively distinct stages 

of reflection (_otrazenie_) are generally distinguished:

At the level of _inorganic_ matter reflection appears in the form of

physical and chemical effects of material objects on each other and their

reactions." 

...

"On the _organic_ level of matter, which is characterized by the 

appearance of albuminous bodies, one finds reflection in its simplest 

form as _sensibility_ (_cuvstvitel'nost'_). In cells structured in this 

way reflection consists in the adaptation of the cells"

...

"The simplest _biological_ form of reflection is _irritability_"

...

"The next form of biological reflection is the _excitability_ 

(_vozbudimost'_) of higher animals."

...

"At the level of the central nervous system reflection appears first in 

the form of _'unconditioned reflexes.'_"

...

"In higher animals and men, reflection takes the form of _'conditioned 

reflex'_ (_uslovnye refleksy_)."

...

"Sensations are the simplest form of _sensible_ reflection."

...

[These include sensation, perception, representation, imagination.]

...

"The highest form of reflection, _logical_ or _rational_ knowledge, is 

found only in man. It is based on the _'second signal system,'_ i.e., 

language."

...

"Thus reflection always has two aspects: the passive reception of the 

properties of the reflected object and the active determination of the 

mode of reflection by the reflecting agent."

...

"Where information is connected with reflection, the problem of the 

'universality of information' involves the question as to whether 

reflection is a universal attribute of matter. And this question still 

remains unclear."

...

"A further difficulty involves finding a place for cybernetic information 

processes, seen as 'concretizations' of reflection theory, within a 

systematic philosophy. As products of mental effort, cybernetic devices 

are not themselves objects of natural philosophy, i.e. the kind of 

considerations contained in the doctrine of reflection. Only some aspects 

of some processes in these devices correspond to a few processes in the 

realm of the living. The Marxist-Leninist philosophers themselves stress 

this fact. In the discussion of specific problems, however, processes in 

cybernetic systems are often included without further ado among the forms 

of reflection."



(Kirschenmann, Information and Reflection, On some Problems of 

Cybernetics and how Contemporary Dialectical Materialism Copes with Them, 

Reidel/Humanities, 1970)





"170 _Submission._ One must know when it is right to doubt, to affirm, to

submit. Anyone who does otherwise does not understand the force of reason.

Some men run counter to these three principles, either affirming that

everything can be proved, because they know nothing about proof, or

doubting everything, because they do not know when to submit, or always

submitting, because they do not know when judgement is called for.

Sceptic, mathematician, Christian; doubt, affirmation, submission." 



"761 Many minds are not sound."



(Pascal, Pensees, trans. Krailsheimer)



