





Poetria Nova, L'Indice:

 



"Flames waken in response to the bellows; the crude metal is buried in

fire; tongs transfer the heated mass directly from fire to forge; the

mallet, as master, deals blow after blow, and with hard strokes chastises

the metal; and so it does what he wishes; it draws forth a rounded hel-

met, useful counsellor for the head; or it generates a sword, legitimate

fellow for the side; or a cuirass makes its appearance, friend of the

body; together with these are born a greave, for the leg to don as shield,

and a spur to incite the horse, which the ankle adopts as its own; and

other shapes of iron which the craftsman's skill fashions as armour.

Objects so unlike in appearance, arms of such varied shape, exhaust the

iron. The mallet curbs its blow; the forges regain their breath, their

course accomplished; the work comes to rest at its goal, and completes the

task prescribed." (Geoffrey of Vinsauf, Poetria Nova, trans. Nims)



"The flames are thoughts, some flames, others otherwise, produced in this

fashion as inscribing on stone, or in air; the bellows are those events of

daily life; the crude metal is electrophoric energy generated from the

mines of the earth; the forge is etiquette itself; the mallet, the fingers

moving across the mobile keys of the board, doing what the mind commands;

the rounded helmet, description and careful reply to one who has already

spoken; the sword, a friend of desire or the greave; a spur, that which

arcs across sea and land and peninsula, taking the short way, not the long

way around; nor those shapes of armour, which are a knight's dream, at the

lest that of the pleasant squier. Nor do the fingers preclude the

exhibition of the mallet; the dark forges produce that which is born to be

spoken and remembered; man and woman rest at the end of a day's goodly

work; and the task has spoken itself, pro nomine, pro se, neither for one

nor for the other." (Commentary, Geoffrey du Langage)



"When you transpose a word whose literal meaning is proper to man, it 

affords greater pleasure, since it comes from what is your own. Such a 

metaphor serves you as mirror, for you see yourself in it and recognize 

your own sheep in another's field." (Geoffrey of Vinsauf, op. cit.)



