





Cyberspace Energy Absorption Protocol





It's desperation time and mouth opens time, drawing a thin chain of 

saliva across my throat, o could I still continue to speak, down between 

the nipples; I devour one, then the other of them, red wounds the size of 

silver dollars, my tongue playful now.



Further down, penetrating the navel, searching out the interior of the 

blank refusal of motherhood. At the level of genital hair, my teeth 

become cowcatchers, my mouth a locomotive; I tender my cock to myself, 

torn from its moorings, swallow that to mix with the rest of the debris.



Delightedly I find a fork after testicles and tonsils mix, left-right, 

right-left, I always knew it made no difference; lavishly and luxuriantly 

I move from one to the other, always these thin snail-trails working my 

way down, now on the outside of this tough meat.



At the toes I begin, cauterizing left-right, right-left, beginning with 

the smallest, working my way inward; this is the metaphor I decided on, 

always groping towards the center.



Both legs swallowed up to the knee, my body circulates around itself, 

half-inside half-outside, a double-layer of gristle and bone, my mouth 

unbearably distended as if your cunt filled me, reached the back of my 

throat, sutured membrane on to vocal cords. 



I am up to my waist in myself, hiding the wounds of organs cut off 

forever, and the thickening in the abdomen continues, becomes crowded in 

there. I slither in an inch per hour, drool and semen sliding the effort 

quickly and curiously.



My arms create difficulties, but once inside I can touch myself again; 

masturbation makes the time fly, flooding the lower accesses of the 

external portions of my ankles and heels. Shuddering, I think, now I'm up 

to my neck in it, this self-swamp of bent bone and skin manifolding 

towards itself from each and every direction.



Swallowing the lower chin, I begin until my eyes themselves fall through 

the mouth self-cannibalizing; I am approaching a singularity at a 

constant rate, sentient black-hole grinding to a halt at normal diameter 

zero, there isn't even an odor left to mingle with the rest of the land- 

locked world.





"The quantity in the laws of black hole physics which plays the role 

mathematically analogous to the total energy, E, is the mass, M, of the 

black hole, which, in general relativity, physically _is_ the total 

energy of the black hole." (Wald, Quantum Field Theory in Curved Space- 

time and Black Hole Thermodynamics)



