





The Comfort of my Very Beautiful Future Home





I take great comfort in knowing about the animals in the Burgess Shale

because they were very, very, lovely and they take up all the time in the

world for millions of years so they lived and left themselves soft-bodied

in the shale so you can see some of their organs, appendages, imagining

the soft parts hungering after one another in waters with lightning in the

sky, yellow clouds scudding by like I saw tonight over the New York blood-

low-building skyline looking always in the wrong direction. These ancient

creatures in the Burgess Shale are symmetrically beautiful or gently off

to one side or another, sloping in a way, or hinged cleanly and clearly,

some with spikes for protection, none of great size, a dreaminess to all

of them. They communicated by chemicals and primitive vibrations of the

medium to which they were accustomed, the water, and were silent for the

most part, although occasionally there would be a slight vibration of a

tail just enough to warn the near-by trilobites to roll into a ball. The

hyolithid _Haplophrentis_ would cower with its operculum in the vicinity

of _Opabinia_ with its five eyes and long flexible proboscis.  Such would

grapple perhaps with the priapulid _Ancalagon_ slightly larger but consid-

erably less mobile. Of the chlorophyta, lonely _Margaretia_ waves its thin

fronds in the slow current, and bush-like _Yuknessia_ remained possibly in

deeper water. Early life was blind or almost blind, invisible to early

life; the world groped towards its first vision of itself, and did eyes

begin with _Anomalocaris,_ _Opabinia,_ or a pretty trilobite testing the

appearance of the sun? _I would have been there, I would have helped you

see, describing every creature to every other, my shadow glimmering in the

shallow shoreline beyond which I dared not venture. Happily, I would have

noticed _Pikaia_ swimming by, our lovely pre-vertebral ancestress, and

happily, I would have joined communally with curvaceous _Odaraia_ with its

enormous eyes peering blearily everywhere through plankton and microplank-

ton alike. Do you not see, dear heart, that I belong here so submerged,

mind filtered out into the membrane of the watery wilderness of long ago?

What need have I for the present, when the past, so obdurate, so _pre-

sent,_ remains connected to me forever? No longer shall I drown in soulful

longing, nostalgia for hidden and fantastic worlds, when the other, warm

and liquid, is always and already there, silent, _wet,_ engulfing... 



