



Phenomenological Sociology and Murmurs of Mourning in Cyberspace





A phenomenological approach to cybermind involving mourning and death as 

a boundary crossing into another space of recognitions and investments 

can serve to background an analysis based on care and listening. I am 

brought to this through Schutz and Luckmann's The Structures of the Life- 

World, Volume II, in which boundary crossings and appresentation are 

considered. I will quote piecemeal from the relevant section of the work.



"How boundaries are experienced and lived has been described in consider-

able detail. Something has also been said concerning the possibilities of

encounters and lived experiences, which open up when one turns away or

distances oneself from everyday reality. But the boundary-crossings them-

selves have not been studied sufficiently. Up to this point, little more

has been said on this subject than that the barriers of space and time are

crossed in memory and project; that in understanding and communication

bridges are thrown across to the Other person's alienness, that the

dissimilarity of realities outside everyday life is made more evident by

the interpretation of the memories and indications that are brought back

from there to the 'normal' wide-awake state; and that death is 'overcome,'

if at all, by the interpretation of indications of indications. In the

introduction to these reflections, it was, moreover, suggested that in

ccrossing the limits of his experience a person uses certain means that we

call indications, marks, signs, and symbols." 



"First, indications, marks, signs, and symbols all convey news from beyond

the boundaries of immediate experience by co-presenting in the experience

everything that is thematically, interpretatively, and motivationally rel-

evant to the actually present experience but in some way or other trans-

cends the kernel of the experience. Second, signs, even though essentially

'news-bearers,' also help us, in _reciprocal_ communication with other

people, to cross the boundaries to them; symbols, although essentially

embodiments of a different reality in the everyday world, can, in combina-

tion with certain (namely, ritualized) acts, be of assistance in crossing

the boundaries to other realities, including the last boundary. 



An indication points to something other than itself, something disguised,

hidden, or absent, and makes it accessible in the reference of experience.

It brings a person the tangible news about what lies spatially and tempor-

ally beyond his reach. A particular form of indication, the corporeal

expression, points to something that is not just 'accidentally' outside

one's spatial and temporal reach, but is in principle not apprehensible

otherwise than through such a reference: the Other's consciousness. Marks

help 'overcome' the barrier to the future by projecting, now, memories for

later; they transmit information to one's own future: like memories, but

tangible and planned. Signs combine indicational and mark-like components

in an intersubjectively compelling manner; in concrete and anonymous

reciprocity they carry news of a like kind from one to the other - and

back. Symbols give information concerning non-everyday realities, or news

about the everyday realm from that non-everyday perspective, which is

disclosed as completely different from it. 



All these means are based on appresentation, a performance of conscious-

ness that is essential to life-world experience." 



For all intents and purposes, disembodiment, and for all its dialectical

tracings, references a state of absence and mourning, phonecalls from the

dead which are part of the construct of the uncanny of cybermind. This

uncanny, a replacement for an unconscious, is a flux of transmission/

reception sites of inscriptions, re. Schutz. The boundary-crossings are

trans-terminal (and _terminal_ implies an end-point or node itself), whe-

ther within the hyperreal, cyberspatial, irreal, whatever term is (mis)-

appropriate. The lend themselves to the reading of voices which, for most

of us, is a form of internal speech, the bleak barrier of the other lost,

drowned in the shoals of the self, at home, one, with Lingis' murmur of 

the world as an equally lost whole. 



I leave you with a quote from Schutz' fifth notebook, which, together 

with the other four, constituted part of the planning of Structures:



"There are as many innumerable kinds of shock experiences as there are 

finite provinces of meaning that can receive the accent of reality.

Examples: falling asleep (cf. Linschoten) as a leap into dream,

	  the theater curatin rises;

	  picture frame;

	  laughter as reaction to wit and involved shift of reality;

	  toys;

	  Kierkegaard's 'instant';

	  the scientist's decision for the theoretical attitude."



And:



"What has just been called a 'leap' or a 'shock' is nothing else than a 

radical modification of the tension of consciousness that results from a 

different _attention a la vie._"



