





Concept Art





"I dream'd there would be Spring no more,

 That Nature's ancient power was lost:

 The streets were black with smoke and frost,

They chatter'd trifles at the door:"



(Tennyson, from In Memoriam A.H.H.)



 

No one could beat the work of Mary Perillo, who would place an X into the 

environment like Cadere's sticks, and that would be the artwork; no one 

had ever occupied sites in such a fashion, the X designating either the 

site as a work of art, or functioning itself as a work of X, X-work, the 

signifier hovering between the two meanings in 1969. There were texts to 

support the materialization of the site and the dematerialization of the 

work although all of us knew that the texts were unnecessary, that these 

events were unique in the history of culture, this alliance of earth with 

form, the thread connecting the two so thin and tenuous that the form or 

idea won out in the end. It was Kuspit who described the Kantianism of it

all, but we preferred Platonic idealism coupled with late-capitalist 

rhetoric of progress and tough art; we knew better. There was also 

anarchy underlying the idea of purity, grappling guerilla-like with site 

after site, something Kuspit couldn't understand. We thought Kant must 

have been getting at that in the Critique of Judgement, something Kuspit 

also couldn't understand.



These were hard times and Barbara Reise got caught, hooked, on writing the

ultimate definitive book on concept/ual art, found dead after two weeks in

her Camdentown flat, where I had visited her with Ian Murray, close

Canadian friend reading these very words. She had stayed with me here in

New York on one of her forays into feral artgang worlds of the capital

corrupt, currently reduced to nasty provincialism. But she taught us the

strength of that tough concept art and its cleavage through weaker forms

of aesthetics and taught us to believe hard when we did believe. 



Hard it was then to see later that the art was ruled by fallacy, that

every gesture and every moment connects with equal uniqueness, just a walk

across a room in 2024, for example, something I probably won't see too

well, my eyes dimmed and almost blind. 



Every difference inscribes itself unique within the plenitude of the

world, every letter sequence of any length exhausts the remnants of time

with the hundred or thousand or ten thousand computers or monkeys, the

remnants of time torn and bewildered by this emphasis on individuality, on

progress, on the newborn new, this essential elemental _misrecognition of

progress_ that constitutes progress itself. 



It's as if the purity of these acts guaranteed their certain strength, as 

if the purity rendered them undefiled, whereas we now know that every act 

is defiled equally, every act is a moment of dissolution, the body on its 

way towards certain collapse.



Not the necessary dissolution of death, but those markers that Schutz

refers to, this collapse through the incrementation of future memory and

its exhaustion; each and every act becomes contaminated or polluted this

very day within this very world. There is nothing implicit, nothing in-

trinsic.  Exhausted, we stand one way or another before or behind meaning.

We work it though. The global culture is a panoply of intelligent agents,

meso- and electronic, manual and other labors. The global culture falls

apart upon faulty reception, and reception is always already faulty,

always already at fault. There is nothing but reception. (Not the

necessary dissolution of death, but those markers.)



Mary Perillo's X's were more than magnificent, the last vestige of the 

destiny of the sign.



