





One Who is Insane Espousing a Philosophy of Cyberspace





Are Net-relations always contractual? They proceed from and return to, 

the Law. Determined by headings and protocols, confined to the appearance 

of normative communication and lag-times, what sorts of transformations 

occur in real life?



Decompressions the other way around: From RL to Net, there is always an 

expansion, the granularity permitting the construct of an open field with 

memory. The post becomes a form of breathing.



And compressions: From Net to RL, always this constriction creating acts 

of reading, re-reading, recognitions (which are cauterized), miscrecogni- 

tions (which may or may not appear as such). The opposite of Popperian 

falsification, truth falls precisely into the open field, dissolves; 

falsehood has no existence whatsoever. 



Thus everything on the Net is true, and this is a fundamental fact of the 

Net. What is meant by true? That there are protocol sentences which can 

be assigned the value T at time n, T at time n+x, x variable. That all 

sentences are such sentences, since all sentences are imminent and since 

all sentences have internalized referents at best (which are the ghosts 

in the machine, the uncanny-imaginary component of confined ontology).



If everything on the Net is true, then there is no circumscription or 

delimitation. _Entities_ and classes do not exist, because inscription/ 

bracketing require classical two-valued (or fuzzy) logics, negation, 

difference, determining one thing from the rest: differance.



I claim there is no deferring on the net, no deferral, no deferance. I 

claim further that there is no difference. If there were difference then 

the operation of neitherness would be possible: neither a nor a, lending 

itself to organism. The Net is the residue of organism, not organism itself.



The protocol suite itself is otherwise, but that is also elsewhere,

primordial in relation to the objects of our desire. And within the 

protocol suite as well there is only truth; what is annihilated no longer 

has ever existed. This must be understood to be the case, which is 

singular: The World is all that is the Case. (1: The Thing itself. 

Kristeva, _Black Sun._)



And what about the contract? Obviously the result of Capital, Das and 

otherwise as well, the contract is _what One makes of it,_ that one 

becoming two, but elsewhere.



