







Not Rural but Distant not Distant but Rural





For the first time in a year, I'm away from New York for an extended 

period of time. In New York, I sit at the computer and write text after 

text, nervously reading all the while; incoming and outgoing combine in 

an indecipherable melange as _scroll_ itself takes over. Here in the 

hinterlands there are no sirens outside, and the loudest sound currently 

is that of the keyboard itself; I provide energy in the form of whispers 

of encouragement to my little sentences, hoping each grows to become 

criminal in a world of safety. Graffiti cuts through the surface of 

things; the war isn't between the empty and the full wall, but between 

_cleansers_ and _text(ures)_ and we shouldn't forget it...



Cleansers predominate everywhere; in NC home of Helms we might see the

beginning of ignorant armageddon. But it is the silence and poor connec-

tions, saving you, _dear reader,_ from reply after reply, that are unnerv-

ing, yet the future of the Net isn't in New York, a rust heap of failure

and insipid violence. I imagine terminals in country homes of unspeakable

crimes. I imagine rifles pointed to and from the screens themselves, quiet

organizations ridding themselves of outsiders, governments, returning to

the standard of barter and purity. I see book-burning scams clogging the

gateways of newsgroups, and in the cities like New York I see jealousies

explode to Net-spamming of unbelievable proportions. Here, what is it; 

the message separates from the sender, and the sender from the receiver. 

Here, what is it, outgoing and incoming pass by on a divided highway

(grass crotch) which closes down randomly, firing at drivers, crashing

vehicles into endangered species. There in New York, I cock-and-cunt-suck-

ing merge organs with mouths, mouths with mouths; shapes morph into one

another and the Lacanian mirror is pasted tain to tain, a sliver of the

world turned inside out without the presence of the Thing, only media-

tions. 



More insipidities, Lacanian mirror pasted surface to surface, silver to

silver sliver, infinite annihilating reflections of utter darkness, make

way for the occasional virtual photon. 



Here mirrors are mall-mirrors reflecting clouds but every time I look I'm 

completely naked, what do you think of that. 



(In Kingston, Pennsylvania, neighbor of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, Scran-

ton, Pennsylvania, my little corner of the galaxy, I am stuffed with coal

dust, teeth invisible. It was there I learned to speak which was writing

the secret word. The word came back to me, fucked me. I couldn't tell who

had spoken, couldn't tell the language from the speaking of it. Such

quiet that burst my body, pieces still floating down the Susquehanna.)



