





What's Needed Now: Inverted Panopticon





Kobe is Net-death, believe in it; the entire highway collapses because of 

nothing beneath, there are no structures to save structures. Zero*N=0 in 

arithmetic; redundency depends on infra- or sub-structures sure taken for 

granted. Give us something aerial to work with, common universal 

interface, give us a tendency towards discontinuity and we can do the 

rest. Make it inexpensive, a planet-pulse entering the machinery, 

breathing along with us through the fires and ashes. Only then can 

dismantled buildings be dismantled; only then can the particulation of 

communication and community, those disembodiments, permit city-collapse 

without loss of life.  Give us universal gateway, call it the portal. Run 

it through satellite, low-frequency too risky, something up in the giga- 

hertz cutting through the vertical. At minimum quadrant the earth. Make 

units available for text, slow video or some super .mpeg compression that 

doesn't run too much bandwidth. Have entrances into the unit, voice-con- 

trol with a command dictionary, who knows who will use the stuff. You can 

speak in Japanese, produce identical; there are built-in languages 

through modular removable units. Choose what you want. Have other 

entrances, command-key stuff like Unix, terse for those who slide across 

the field, necessary in any emergency. Hit ^V, control-voice, and you're 

back in the other mode; say "star K key" and you're down there running the 

board. Pack the whole with lithium at the least, lcd with backlight only 

if necessary, no hard-drive but flash-card solid-state. You might stop 

all movement, type without the feel of it, designated-areas across 

intelligent interpreters. Internal antenna. Carbon-fiber casing, inside a 

removable/attachable soft-shell. Withstand a fall of eight feet on con- 

crete. Can talk as well; say "star T talk" and activate the speaker. Ear- 

phone jack at the least, bandwidth up to 6k. Intelligent screen of 40 

characters across, 80 if necessary, legible for emergency. Runs off 

standard AA batteries as well, simple recharger. Built-in communications 

of course minimum 14.4, everything standard for the satellite. Can down- 

load everywhere, save souls. be your friend. Can tell your fortune, tell 

your future. Can be your future, be your lover, save your life.



