





More from On the Road





My luck the car broke down the other day and I pushed it through heavy 

traffic to the side of the road. Sore shoulders. I am so very male.



It's hard to take cyberspace with you, and yes, it does appear as an 

image or lens just over the mountains of North Carolina. I check in on 

another account, write quickly, sign off quickly; it's slow-motion all 

the way, and I can't upload like I'd want to, nothing gets through to 

panix.com that way and out into the wilds of the Net, poor modem.



So I write hurridly on-line, bringing my thinking to miserably bear on 

whatever happens to be ongoing as well through the thinking I usually do 

during the day. And thereby hiding out and missing things as well, the 

lens however hovering.



What's needed is a base like the postoffice used to be and never was, 

that is there at the ready supposedly like the mouth, speech is. Can come 

in any time, out of the cold, the same protocol like those Mac programs 

at tenth the cost, no little mouse to balance on the knee in the back of 

some godforsaken bus.



_Scroll_ always remains burning into me and why is netsex more of a 

negotiation than real life? Netsex is always talking bodies into 

position, all that positioning, back we go to the contract again. It's 

corporate at its best which can be good indeed, but with all the implied 

problems of grammatologies.



The future has to get used to thin bodies; my daughter spoke of anorexic 

encouragement in one of her dance classes. Thin bodies collapse the 

signifier upon them; things stop meaning when the material world takes 

over, but a thin body slips among the interstices. It takes real life to 

slow the stuff down, put the weight back on.



In Brooklyn, there doesn't seem time for real-life. The loft is input/ 

output, information central. Everything becomes signifier; like high- 

speed reading which I do these days on panix.com, the flux is ridden, a 

pre-cursor of the shape-rider.



Did Socrates for that matter ride the shapes of the artisen? Athens was 

almost rural. He must have been a nuisance.



When the planet settles down into coherent electromagnetic terabytes 

swarming overhead, you'll be able to see the lens pulse. With those 

units, things will slow down to your own speed. You'll have that electro- 

luminescent display to guide you through the fog. 



Finally don't for an instant believe that net.sex is the same, equivalent 

as real-life. We need monitors for this, resplendent couplings to come 

forth and describe the differences. The complexities of the interstice 

can be underwhelming.



You have to rush the scroll, keep it moving, get it on the run. What 

moves, does so quickly, remains still. Not zen, but nomad. 



Nomad is a sane island.



Alan, Donne



