





Vacating of the Symbolic





Spatial visualization for the platonic solids at the least is highly 

underdeveloped, as anyone trying to construct the division of spaces by 

planar extension soon realizes. The four sides of a tetrahedron extended 

produce a division of 15, as far as I can tell, since points extend as 

cones, lines as wedges, surfaces as flat wedges, and then there's the 

interior. But as I mentioned, the octahedron is possibly more complex 

since the sides fold in upon themselves; the dodecahedron and icosahedron 

are worse still. A perfect sphere at the limit divides space into an 

infinite set which fills space perfectly; I don't know how nonstandard 

numbers fit into the picture, however. (That is, taking the set of 

tangent planes and their intersections.)



4-space is worse; it's easiest to begin by analogy, and sometimes easiest 

to begin by picturing the sphere. After a while, analogy can be shape- 

ridden, so that the precise configurations no longer matter; what results 

is a form of internal twisting of the mind attempting to come to grips 

with the whole. The limitations of the _thinking_ are clearly evident 

here; accustomed to rather simple complexes in three-dimensions, anything 

else is illusory, a question of learning what is inconceivable. I imagine 

later neural interfacing will take care of any remaining problems, and 

eventually, VR will sail away into uncharted domains.



Meanwhile, it's clear from all the exercises that in fact Hadamard was

correct, and that mathematical thinking need not follow the symbolic; the

internal twisting described above need not be of the order of sheaves or

torsion at all, but a meandering within a preconscious that does not

devolve into signifieds of any sort. Later, such signifieds are recupera-

ted for the purposes of communication and proof-checking (and couldn't

this be fully automated, no matter how long the text?), but the opera-

tions themselves are more flux than anything. 



Text itself slides into this flux, as poetry indicates; languaging no

longer means according to dicationary-definition, and the supplement of

poetry remains elsewhere (neither A nor B). For that matter, text is never

linear, except for the formalism itself; it is compression/decompression

and it is always the illusory of the body. Hence I speak of phantoms, and

now you get my drift, the drift across this text and parcellation of

three-dimensional space. 



The illusory is the result of the interstice, of the deconstructive 

swerve, and it is the result of repetition, lag, arrangement, the body 

arched in relation to the keyboard. The illusory is only illusory in 

relation to physical tests of the existence of the other; there is always 

room to move and vacate the symbolic.



This is the issue here, the vacating of the symbolic, as the body is 

thrust into inordinate postures. I identify these with net.sex, with 

n-dimensionality, n>3, with the parcellation of 3-space better witnessed 

from the vantage-point of 4, and from text itself. I relegate the 

vacating to the site of tacit knowledge, as Polyani stressed, or the 

unutterable writing, erasing, underwriting of the body that occurs in any 

culture. Certainly then the specific communicative matrix or specific 

mathematico-sexual problem plays a role. But greater than any role is 

that very arching of the body, our desires which center in on alt.sex. 

bondage to the degree that bondage strains the body into one or another 

position, the position of the _hieroglyph,_ the beginning of writing 

therefore, the constraint of the symbolic, the beginning of culture -

culture which thereby spends the rest of our time in the maintenance of 

the symbolic, symbolic-maintenance, within and without those uncanny 

parcellations I still cannot imagine, for the life of me.



