 





Who I am and What I am and Thinking as Labor for You and for Me

Thinking Slaughters Me





When I was focusing on the problem of the octahedron (again, extending 

the sides indefinitely, i.e. planes, so that the embedding 3-space was 

divided), I kept trying to picture a certain configuration (which I still 

can't), realizing there was a _trick_ involved which still eludes me. I 

was not able to sleep as a result; the stress was enormous, worse than 

anything physical. The shapes etched themselves into my mind, almost my 

retina, almost a scar; the eyes were seared internally, and I felt 

blinded by my ignorance, literally. Neck and back began to ache, and the 

mind tenses, ready to spring, at nothing.



In the morning, I'll lie awake, eyes closed. Just the slightest opening 

brings, not only the every-day into focus, but an expenditure of energy 

that again appears at the level of the shoulders, although my mind senses 

tiredness as well. 



I will push myself to the end of a text, ranging from a James Elroy novel 

to a section of _Contracting Colonialism,_ shuddering violently as the 

pages come to a close, unable to recognize my surrounds. I will write 

texts until sickness sets in; working the computer during a crisis, I 

have developed a fever and malevolent nausea. I have developed malevolent 

crises. I am consumed by malevolence, cancer in this area.



My fingers will begin to counteract their commands, revolt in premonition 

of a suicidal attempt to figure out the last aphorism in a text that 

appears absolutely necessary to properly suture the day. I will bite my 

lips until they bleed, working out a 3-space problem of intersecting 

planes. I bring wounded tools, paltry and ill-used, to the simplest 

number series, which continues to glare at me, devour what can only be 

called the remnants of mind.



At 51, I figure I have twenty years left at best to complete my work; 

every day wasted is irretrievable, another death, and every indication of 

mental exhaustion simply points out the enormous amount of _labor_ 

involved in the most febrile thinking or visual processing. Understand 

that thought is labor, that it is difficult labor, no matter how 

privileged it appears to be from the outset/outside. I have paid, and 

continue to pay, the price.



I will die with a thought on my mind.





