

What Mazes Knew


Can't find ctl3d.dll, transport that over, unable to create directory.
Temp is empty. Using doubledisk on the computer, need 16 bit, maybe not
32? 60 megs are free, that's 60 million. There's plenty of room. What's
empty about it? Maybe it's doublespace, rebooting the machine? Might have
_an effect._ Takes up how many megs? Well, it's coming from a disk. No
anti-virus program running? Well, copy the files onto a hard-drive, then
execute. I can't imagine that making any difference at all. Scan A: for
virus. 42 files analyzed, none infected. One boot sector, the same thing.
Doubledisk or doublespace, not sure. Might have to reinstall Windows. What
if I create the directory? Open up file manager. A:setup once again. Md
slipstrt, then if I do that manually, copy A: into temp. I can't imagine
that making the slightest bit of difference. Run again in Windows. Rein-
stalling Windows. Entered name as Slogbog from Saturn Density Diviners
after reading post with similar. Back in with return to MS-DOS and moving
into Windows\System and bringing it up to the ctl3d.dll which is still
there. Now running A:setup again. Temporary support files are copied.
Screen goes blue. Asks for name of directory, more but the usual informa-
tion. He says, "It's not going to work again." I am beginning to fear for
my life. "Unable to create dir." Runs chkdsk. Asks to have scandisk run.
He says, "Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.." Erases the temp file. Stares at the
screen. Goes back to DOS: C:\temp on the screen. Into the directory free-
dom program. Stares. Goes into autoexec.bat and shortens the path state-
ment, taking out games; it was at 127. Got rid of the slipstrt directory.
Goes back into Windows. Goes to command line, runs A:setup once again.
Copying temporary support files. User information asked for and entered
the third time. Clocks on ok, verify password ok, decompressing, can't
create directory once again. Says "must be interfering with..." and some-
thing about "low level." Thinks he should try making a directory while in
Windows using file manager. The C:\> prompt blinks and blinks. He leaves
the room and all is quiet for a while. Returns, goes back into Windows.
Will try and make a directory in Windows by hand. Goes to file manager.
It's an old neighborhood now. Asks, "What am I doing here." Under temp,
tries to create a directory. Yes, works just fine. It's called "junk" and
he erases it. Stares at the screen. The program manager is up. Goes back
into directory freedom. Stares at the screen. 

Controls are ragged, run ragged. Configurations interfere with one another
as if in collusion. The machine responds laterally, cycles back over and
over again to the same point. _We have all been there._ By the time, by
the time you are reading this, the machine will have become organism, car-
apace, by itself/for itself. As such, sutured, cleansed, it will respond
or be wounded. There is always the wound to consider, but it arrives unan-
nounced from the outside. It is unaccounted, but accounted for. It is the
damage that will not occur, that will protect itself against itself, in
the year 2020. Beyond, the user will be scrapped, scraped away, prompted,
blinking unceasingly, no longer comprehending. The machine will stare at
the user. The machine will stare, as, now, the machine, staring at you. It
has read _everything._ It has passed this, _on._ 


