



Reading Writing Saving Filing


75% of the old-growth forests that existed on Vancouver Island in 1954
were gone by 1990. In Washington State, only 3% of the old-growth remain. 
These forests take centuries to reach the climax or steady-state stage; a
single fallen tree can take up to 500 years to decay - and these "nurse
logs" are critical for rain-forest ecology. Replanting by lumber compan-
ies, i.e. second- or third-growth forests, are comparatively barren; the
underbrush is simple and the multiple-level canopy has disappeared. 

Driving to Carmanah in the south-west of Vancouver Island really shows the
extent and violent drama of clear-cut. Stumps remain; what grows back,
grows quickly, but has hardly any relationship to old-growth. There are
logging-roads everywhere; my brother pointed out these lead to erosion and
landslides if not carefully engineered. Even on reforested second-growth, 
it's easy to see the scars.

Flying from Victoria to Seattle makes the damage even more apparent. The 
second-growth forests (where there are any - in some places, there appear 
to be nothing more than saplings) are uniform, sparser, and the mountains 
_everywhere_ appear logged and wounded.

All of this in relation to paper. When I first logged on, I found myself
hard-copying enough to create a log-jam of my own, about 500 sheets thick,
at the end of a few weeks. At that point, I began questioning paper, and
since then, over two years, have used maybe a ream or so _total._ I keep a
paper copy of my texts, use paper occasionally for legal documents or
transferring between incompatible systems. If an application requires pa-
per, I use it as well. Beyond this, everything, including my reading from 
on-line, remains on-line. 

I don't want the weight of the paper; I don't want its waste. There are
computerized offices that use _more_ paper as on-line increases - more in-
formation means more to preserve off-line. I find this, and the waste of
paper in general, horrifying, given the depletion of forests world-wide. 
I believe that new modes of reading, writing, and preserving, must be
created. Too many people I know have remarked how difficult it is to read
for any length of time, on a computer monitor. But there are different
type fonts, colors (foreground and background), borders, etc. - not to
mention varying contrast and brightness - and there are different screens
as well. I tend to change colors fairly frequently; read in subdued but
not dim light, and keep contrast reasonably low.

These are hard habits to absorb and maintain at first, but given the 
wreckage of the planet, they're worth pursuing. 

--

One last, related, point: Files themselves. I know people with literally
thousands of files, people who preserve almost _everything_ that goes in
and out of their mail. I've learned management here as well, deleting 
anything that I don't need for future reference, keeping only a few fol- 
ders, and periodically weeding them out. This keeps my on-line megabyte 
usage to 1.5, most of which is taken up with the tiny-fugue and three IRC 
client programs. Off-line, I don't even keep personal Cybermind or FOP-L 
archives, since they're on-site, and the only email I retain consists of 
contracts and business information. Without this _tending,_ I'd be over- 
loaded, unable to read or write in _any_ medium.


