


Disappearance of the Everyday


I am reading TV and Radio Manual, Everybody's Television and Radio Hand-
book, published 1951, by Popular Science. It is a compendium of articles
from the magazine, relevant to any history of technology; there are sec-
tions, for example, dealing with the CBS color scheme of successive green/
blue/red recorded screens, viewed on a black and white tube through a
revolving color filter. (The scheme was abandoned in favor of a purely 
electronic one.)

What fascinates about the manual is the large number of articles detailing
the use of the everyday. Here are some titles, at random: High-Voltage Fun
with a Spark Coil (from a Model T Ford); Flush-Tank Guide Forms Handy
Detachable Ground Connection; Wire Fished with Folding Rule; Workshoppers'
Tricks Tickle TV Audience; Glow of Radio "Candle" Keeps Time to Music; 
Oscillators - Tuning Forks of Electronics; Cigar-Box Tesla Coil; My TV Set
'Sees' Color Pictures; Phonograph Pickup Arm of Plastic is Handsome and
Light in Weight; TV Color 'Sampler' Costs Only $8; Your Pocket can House a
4-Tube Radio; Magic with Neon Glow Lamps; Tire Pump Dusts Radio Chassis; 
Matchstick Needles Cut Noise; Can Protects Outdoor Switch; Rotary Rectifi-
er Supplies Direct Current for Charging Batteries. The last is typical of 
the more difficult constructions. 

There are numerous diagrams for winding coils, cutting wood and pipe, mak-
ing antennas and cabinets, and even building a tube radio into a skillet. 
The workplace uses the kitchen and bathroom which use the workplace. Rul-
ers are sufficient for measuring lengths. Miniature tubes are common and
about two inches in length overall, and dry cells supply power. 

Everywhere in the Manual, common objects like clothespins, screwdrivers,
knives, and saws are at work; the scale descends at best to the quarter-
inch. Tube diagrams themselves aren't difficult to understand, even when
multiple grids are used. The relative simplicity of the circuits combined
with the equal simplicity of the tools and other objects employed (ranging
from wind-up phonographs to files) implies the interpenetration of the
technological _interior_ with the everyday. Miniaturization is just begin-
ning; the pocket radio is an example. And miniaturization in the Manual
means little more than working closer to the bone - it is only a _quanti- 
tative,_ not _qualitative_ difference at this point.

Within a decade or so, the world becomes unrecognizable. The advent of
transistors leads to ICs, integrated circuits, large scale and very large
scale ICs to follow. Electronic clocks speed up exponentially; screw-dri-
vers are enormous compared to a single transistor on even a 1970s chip. 
Tinkering can become disastrous, not only through the traditional danger
of electric shocks, but also through the destruction of chips by minuscule
charges of static electricity - or even operating systems, through the
deletion of necessary files. 

The trend continues. The everyday is increasingly relegated to useless
hobbies in the midst of micro-processing. Our bodies, clumsy hands and
fingers, refuse to miniaturize. The sheer apparent intelligence (because
structured for specific tasks) of micro-processors creates the illusion of
friendly machinery, beyond the interface. The truth is, as consumers and
users, we are disconnected; current chips are just the viral precursors of
new life to come, with its own version of the everyday, far removed from
our own. 


