



Rural


I can see the Net more important for connectivity in rural or small-town
regions - in regions close to the poverty line - than for big-city infor-
mation overload. And there is a disservice done by Wired, by Web design-
ers, by theorists, who refuse to consider these areas, continue to marg-
inalize them. The Net may become the site for self-help, alternative med-
ical technologies, job search, education, even family interconnectivity
through aliased email lists and talkers. We are living in depleted lands,
exhausted lands, lands of poison and ruin. Large-scale North American
industrialization transformed into service-sector employment, now into
informatics. The last requires considerable computer skills on the produc-
tion end, but the necessary user skill level is decreasing. Management and
low end Web authoring will also become easier. 

What's necessary?

1. Simplified menu-driven data-bases with clearly marked relevant sites.
2. Help in setting up simple aliased email lists for family members.
3. ISP site managers working intensively with the user base to ascertain 
	needs and skill levels.
4. Talkers and email lists for community-building, locally run.
5. Interconnectivity among rural areas through meta-email lists, similar
	to Net-Happenings or New-List, but regionally-based.
6. Open IRC channels for local usage.
7. Freenet or very low cost Net access, with an emphasis on text-based 
	applications, even through SLIP or PPP connections.
8. Hardware resource centers for recycling older computer equipment.
9. Cybercafe network with maximum charges of $3 Canadian per hour.
10. Handout sheets detailing access commands, and local classes run by 
	ISPs to get everyone on-line.
11. As much as possible, all of the above should be run by local people, 
	regionally-trained.
12. Clearly articulated general policies for handling censorship, spam-
	ming, and hacking issues.
13. If possible, "emergency" help available on the Net - for example, 
	dealing with depression after spousal death.
14. Integration of all of the above into local community schools, lib-
	raries, and other institutions.
15. Through integration and training, if possible developing local 
	employment opportunities in informatics, software development, 
	and so forth.

I believe these (and similar) suggestions should be at the heart of a dis-
course in _Wired_ and on the Net. Less developed regions of the world are
poorly, if at all, connected; there are models for doing this. For exam-
ple, I've suggested elsewhere building a MOO database specifically for
regional and intermittent connects, using talkers for education, and so
forth. And there are others actively working in these areas:

But _where is the discussion?_ I feel, thanks to the Web and hysterical
promotion, that we're all held to a white managerial and mostly male media
onslaught - that this is the model _in place_ at the moment. _The Net must
be seen as a potential field or domain,_ not as a top-down consumer play-
ground of "cool" and "killer" "apps." Unless this happens, a real oppor-
tunity for critical dialog will be lost - as well as the equally real pos-
sibility of creating effective policy for the beginning of the next cen- 
tury.

