
-


Country, Alive


For the past week or so I've been emphasizing text-based applications,
even though Powwow's whiteboard has been impressive. More and more I'm
demonstrating MOO, talker, ytalk and IRC on occasion, looking at Webchat
again, etc. I talk about conferencing, support-groups, relationships on
CMC. 

I think of the isolated mining towns and rural countryside here as _alive_
with transmissions, nodes, conversations, rushes of information across
small dense forests and streams. This network of illuminations holds the
future of community in its skein, and there is far more at stake, on-line
in northern Nova Scotia than, for example, in information-laden and anomic
New York. The Net must submerge into landscape, the Web remaining visible
but distant surface. Otherwise, U.S. corporate hegemony will dominate here
as elsewhere, returning little on the _dollar._ (Back to Lukacs on reifi- 
cation...)

But think for a moment of the _sentient countryside,_ the Net thinned, om-
nipresent, hungered, carrying an excess or intensity of culture from with-
in, a Net of empowerment, of local enterprise and discursive formations,
dark perhaps with control and defense, thinned seepages of light and pre-
sence. The interconnectivity of the world is not node to node, although
from the viewpoint of urban centrism it appears that way. Instead, it is
membrane across membrane, a simulation of a Riemannian surface, multiply
folded and multiply connected. What may be of primary importance is the
_liminal_ spaces between the nodes; it's here that diffusion occurs, a
kind of exactitude fed into and out of other spaces. Or rather, it's here
perhaps that spaces either become or reflect worlds, rather than simulate
them through VRML; it's not a question of expansion _from_ the terminal
screen to the infomatics of everyday life, but a compression _from_ the
everyday _to_ the terminals of the infomatics-rich. 

The question which has always been there, at least since the time of the
Hittites - how to keep worlding worlds, how to avoid the potential homo-
geneity of CMC, as if the framework _were_ the thing, and as if the
_thing_ were capable of definition.

