


my my
my hands smell of perfume
everything i touch turns to flowers and silk romance
dark fringes coat the spine of books and chairback
lights are nothing
i run my hands on my sweet cheeks and lull
my smile touches the back of my throat
my my

-


Sentience


Rural sentience, the intelligent electronic landscape, will come from
local networking. I imagine in the beginning, this will be somewhat cent-
ralized, and the possibilities for over-extension and bureaucracy are
endless. The centralization is the result of the need for outside funding
and expertise, in combination with local entrepreneurship and cultures. As
the networking intensifies and expands, it will become top-heavy; the next
step in this regard would be decentralization, imitating, in other words,
the development of the Net itself. 

As an example, there is a cybercafe in Sydney which has just started, 
has few customers, and is suffering as well as a result of the telephone
strike. I imagine a locally funded development initiative creating a Web
page for the cafe, hooking it up to the cybercafe newsgroups, etc. - in
other words, giving it an online presence. The local community access
sites here could also use the cybercafe for extended teaching/meetings.

The cafe itself would use all of this to extend its connections into the
local community, including commercial Web page designers, cultural ins-
titutions, individual artists/writers/musicians, and businesses. It might
be able to host small on-line conferences as well. Now all of this is
similar to standard networking; the only difference is that much larger
physical territories are involved, under different jurisdictions. Thus the
cafe might find itself in a consortium developed in South Africa and con-
nected primarily to Japan. The local institution could deliver local
people and resources, in other words, but the connectivity would grow and
interact planet-wide, not necessarily within the traditional boundaries of
neighborhood community. So the sentient landscape includes the notion of
postmodern geography, the Net acting as an input/output conduit for exter-
nal information and contacts. 

In light of this, just as with traditional tourism, local customs every-
where become a marketing source (look again at the transformation of New
York City's Soho into Silicon Alley); this can result in the reification
and packaging of these customs (Ashley MacIsaac's Web page) that distorts
and subverts their origin - the result is potentially destructive. Pierre
Berton wrote years ago about Hollywood's Canada in this regard, and in a
dark vein, Franz Fanon talks about it in his discussion of national liter-
atures. Today, of course, there is a whole anthropology of tourism, which 
may or may not operate in an advisory capacity.

Still, as young men and women leave the countryside, Net resources become
more and more necessary; they hold the key to a combination of empower-
ment, local roots, and international cultural/economic exchange. One way 
of thinking of this: for the first time, _we are born into one another,_ 
and like marriage, for better or worse, but without the possibility of 
divorce on the horizon.

