
-


Replacement Reading and the Seal of Approval (1988-96)


Discourse is deployed into the personage: one alienated state against 
another. 

Thus speech is composed, not of the orientation of 'cognitive domains,'
but of individuals close to the zero degree of annihilation.  Neverthe-
less, speech itself is close to the full cloth; it spills everywhere, in 
the form of folds, eccentric spaces, idle conversation, fractality. The 
chattering of signifiers.

Against one or another personage, against nothing at all.

It takes the seal of approval. It takes the seal of approval to cut back, 
restrain, discourse, so that a thread or rod may emerge: This is the only 
text you need.

It is compulsive to carry the text, in the form of a book, manuscript; in
the form of a satchel or bag; in the form of a recording, film, file, vid-
eo. So that the spill garners weight. But this text, and its location, 
gives the seal of approval, grants the seal of approval: This is the only 
text you need.

There is nothing to replace. There is no exchange. There is no commerce, 
no spectacle. There is an alienated personage on the margin, inhabiting 
the text as a form of defense or sublimation. This is the only text she 
needs or is needed. This is the only text he needs or is needed.

What results is the reordering of displacements, which must not be allowed
to continue: displacements in which the whole world makes its appearance. 
So in the stead of this. What is avoided, on the level of the alienated
personage close to annihilation - what is avoided is a form of remittance.
That this is the only text I need. That this in the form of exchange must
be displaced. In order to avoid annihilation. In order to speak, or pro-
ceed elsewhere. An inhabitation in which the 'I' is buried, elsewhere in
the sentence (sentenced elsewhere in this sentence). Or in the replacement
reading. The text which grants the seal of approval. The text which leaves
you off, one point or another, but a point coming up, and this text could
never be that text, nor could any other text fulfill the function of sub-
stitution. 

