
-


Gruel Shhh...


In Sonnets to Orpheus, I, 13, Rilke writes, as if Christina Rossetti 
responds: 

	Wo sonst Worte waren, fliessen Funde,
	aus dem Fruchtfleisch ueberrascht befreit.

	Wagt zu sagen, was ihr Apfel nennt.

Which is translated by Norton:

	Where otherwise words were, flow discoveries,
	freed all surprised out of the fruit's flesh.

	Dare to say what you call apple.

The _daring_ is the presence of language which is already defeated, but
returns _within the sonnet itself_ as Apfel. So that the murk resolves, an
early production of _wryting_ (in the technical sense) in the form of a
_wager_ or strategy which encapsulates emergence, modalities, within a
word, Rilke's reportage. 

But then, "Where otherwise words were, flow" as if a dialectic is estab-
lished between mouthings and othering (above, Rilke states "Tod und Leben 
in den Mund," "death and life into the mouth" followed by "Ich ahne," "I 
sense").

The opening of the sonnet is the opening of the mouth which engorges from
"Voller Apfel, Birne und Banane," "Full round apple, pear and banana," 
until the presiding of the last moment of exculpation, "O Erfahrung,
Fuehlung, Freude --, riesig!" "O experience, sensing, joy --, immense!"

(When you talk and chew together, when your mouth opens, reveals food
half-digested, dribbles across your full lips, their corners garnering
secrets, runnels overhanging the reach of chin, neck, smeared sweat,
sweet juices between your breasts - when all devolves _accordingly,_ 
time suckles, open-houred at your honeyed nipples.)

And mouths open over the poem, over your body, mouthings mouth bodies giv-
ing them their forms - here a primitive topology, that of the revelation
of the interior, world gone inside-out, no other matrix. Or a Jordan
curve, silent imperturbable _description_ of the interior, the perching of
the rim, not here however which, like plum dumplings, is swollen, almost
to the point of moist feces, flooded bodies, I'd say silent embarrassed
smiles given to the world above. 


