

-


Conferencing


Let's think about conferencing a bit more. I mentioned in a previous text 
that a conference should possess three components, to reach the maximum 
demographics - a gateway Web page with graphics at a maximum of 30k; a 
system of one to three email lists (preferably listserv) in order to fos- 
ter discussion based on papers that would be on the page; and a talker 
that would be useful for synchronous discussion. And I was, and still am, 
of the opinion that little more is needed for reasonable in-depth confer- 
encing; the only thing missing would be whiteboard.

There are currently organizations experimenting with IRC as well, not so 
much for the chat (although that, too), but for the dcc ability to send 
files quickly back and forth. But IRC is subject to netsplit, and unless 
one has a separate server, to hacking as well.

Let us think further about the phenomenology (in the descriptive sense) of
the three components mentioned above. The first, the gateway, is by and
large a _data-base,_ a registration-and-retrieval node. It is the library
of the conference, containing its primary materials. Within the Freudian
model, it is the _super-ego,_ articulating and frameworking everything
else. Registration occurs through the gateway page, which is then a rite
of passage as well. 

The second component, the system of email lists, is the Freudian ego, the
relative centering and decentering of positions - both extensions and con-
tradictions of the gateway data-base. If the data-base is _time zero,_
lagless and inert, the email list system is temporal retardation; posts
are _plateaus,_ and threads guide them in the sense of formal structure. 
Messages are temporally ordered, but there are discrete intervals between
them (even if the interval is zero). A measuring-process is at work. Ar-
chives return the list to stabilized data-bases, and might be made avail-
able at the gateway site. I would say that most of the conference _labor_
would occur through the lists - as well as most of the _networking._ After
all, each post is accompanied by a personal return-address.

The third component, the talker for synchronous discussion, both repro- 
duces the "liveliness" of an off-line conference, and provides the least 
useful content. It does, however, create both a sense of belonging (one 
"joins" the on-line conference, not only by formal registration through 
the gateway, but also by participating in live discussion - the guarantee 
of _speaking_ as a rite of passage), and a sense, rightly or wrongly, of 
the speech of others, their personalities and rhetorical tropes in real 
time. The talker relates well to the id, flow, driving-mechanism; in a 
sense, it creates the greatest sense of risk for the participants.

Eventually, these modalities will be superseded or extended to include
live video and audio; this is a certainty. The give-and-take of talker
_typing_ will be a thing of the past, pleasing the managerial class which
tends to abjure any sort of manual labor (reading and writing on email 
lists is unavoidable if one wants depth, but then, who wants depth?). 

Two things will occur: the dominance of id-fluxes across the conference 
as a whole, and a sense of _authenticity_ in relation to the alterity of 
the other, as a result of the relative _granularity_ of audio/video, com- 
pared to the coolness and introjection/projection of text-only.

A third result might well be increased skimming of _content_ - particular-
ly cultural/rhetorical (as opposed to political/corporate/operational),
since the audio/video rush will tend to dominate. The email lists, curren-
tly the major source of thoughtful response, will suffer; id will over-
power superego, which will be relegated to the bureaucratese of the sec-
retariat. (Note by the way that the content-division above has repercus-
sions in terms of simulacra and critical theory. These oppositions aren't
_necessarily_ oppositions, but play out as-if.)

In the meantime, however, the three components, running across lean mach- 
ines, software, and applications, provide the best approach to extended 
conferencing with broad demographics.

