


GEARS


I continue to look at Life in the Twenty-First Century, edited by M. Vas-
siliev and S. Gouschev, published in the Soviet Union in 1959, and thus I
continue to be astounded by the assumed equivalence of science with engin-
eering, enormous projects, high-frequency rays providing power just about
everywhere, and little or no thought about issues of ecology or damage to
biological tissues. So-called "pure" science or mathematics is non-exist-
ent in the work. 

But beyond this, I concern myself with the mid-twentieth century, my
birth-time, thinking further of development here in northern Nova Scotia,
where the industrial base has gone basically bankrupt, and where there has
been a return therefore to a less factory-oriented way of life, but a life
that on the other hand is highly _engineered_ - consider the telephone,
television, radio, and now Internet, all these advanced areas of communi-
cation across this and every other landscape, including New York, also
with a lost or somewhat bankrupt blue-collar economic foundation. 

Of course it is a truism that there is not a _ladder_ or fixed evolution
of economic/technological development. And it is equally a truism that
stages upon industry's way may be skipped, ignored, or proven ceilings
bouncing things in an entirely different direction. So on can have for
example a farming community and a CMC community intersecting, without
intervening mechanisms, and without any intervening mechanisms in the area
at all. (And of course even this rides on the assumption that there _are_ 
stages and intervening mechanisms in the first place.)

But further, having read a great deal of Sovietica from time to time, it
seems that the fundamental paradigm applied, diamat, dialectical materi-
alism, was always extended into the domain of computers, only or largely
in regard to engineering and computation itself, no consideration being
given to the opening of qualitatively different or potential spaces. D/G
or Irigarayan flows translate through diamat into dams, barriers, and
hydro projects, _literally._ The body was a function/ary or node; the body
was _mechanism._ So a materialist cybernetics dominated - a science of 
control of heavy industry, within which the body was liminal.

Its liminality functioned, of course, within official history, language,
culture, industrialization, and five-year plans. I'd place the model for
all of this somewhere in the vicinity of Watt's governor, not, for exam-
ple, the superimpositions or Bell's theorem of quantum mechanics. 

The situation was different in the United States, as a result of... _en-
tertainment,_ which stressed the admixture of all values, the experience
of the immigrant, and the collusion of flows with the subaltern body, as
is evidenced for example in I Love Lucy or the Marx Brothers. Who played
with all of them? I did. The _machine,_ for example hot-rod, might rule
outside, but language formed its own inchoate subversions - _not_ a re-
constitution elsewhere, but the problematizing of reconstitution. So you
see, from this, CMC is not such a large step after all, and such is in
evidence here in Nova Scotia as well as across the entire planet - and
what is clear here in these neighborhoods also becomes clear in New York's
- a postmodernity of historiography or devolution of _the stages of life's
way._ 

(I only want to mention, in passing, the _low-rider,_ which, through all 
institutions and capital investment, has remained an interesting and 
fragmentary subversion of modernity and mechanism, while remaining _with- 
in_ the mechanical itself. Think of drag plates, hydraulics, etched glass 
and chandeliers in this regard... There is a saurian quality at work here 
which play with diamat within the deconstructive terms of the Other. But 
this takes us far, into other fields.)

The GEARS have disappeared, _qualitative,_ not only in terms of nanotech,
but also in relation to future mechanisms of pure or impure thought, of
which the Internet and its horizon of seamless virtual reality is only ...
a stage... 


