

With either Outline:


Assignment: Choose 1:

a. Set up a home page for yourself;
b. Write a paper on a topic of your choice;
c. Propose a project

The assignment should be underway by the fifth class.




-


Sucking the Net


The nineteenth-century pump organ underwent different evolutionary paths 
in England and America, the Professor said, and we should pay careful 
attention to this. In England, it was all blow; the bellows pressure was 
above normal, and could be raised to any degree. While this created the 
potential for leaking, it allowed for extremely high-pressure in the 
system, resulting in an instrument of considerable loudness.

In America, it was all suck; the bellows box was in a partial-vacuum
state, and sucking created a tighter fit; there was less leakage, and less
wheezing. On the other hand, the sound was softer, somewhat sweeter as
well. 

Now, she continued, we can apply these very principles to the Internet,
devising a new system of transmission. Consider servers which would no
longer _serve,_ but _suck,_ guiding the packets in, by virtue of a rela-
tive _absence_ at their end. Everything would rush in; the protocols are
be necessary only to filter out unwanted noise allowing only what the user
desires to enter his or her system, surely placed upon the lap.

In sucking, of course, this noise might also prove of interest itself -
one could use it to examine _snoopers._ Allowance could be made for a bit
of the organic, so to speak, and a careful monitoring of listening _ears._

I was fascinated by the Professor, indeed charmed by her. And this princi-
ple seemed utterly revolutionary - why had I not thought of it on my own? 
Just as America sucks throughout the nineteenth century, it could now suck
as well on the Net, or rather suck and suckle the Net. Open ye gates, and
all will come, in one or another form. And the female form, of course, can
come as well as the male. 

I owe all of this to ruminations gained while playing my New England melo-
deon, a small sucking organ I borrowed years ago from the Music Depart-
ment. Meeting the Professor, of whom I had heard for years, her brilliant
yet quaint theories, only put the nail in the box, hammering her findings
deep into my head, in a manner that could be taught and spoken of, and
passed on to you, the reader, hoping that you are sucked as well. 


