

-


Watch Out!


It's not difficult to disrupt communications; it's difficult to cut them
off completely, dependent on protocol, bombing of nodes or bombing tech-
nology. The node's the thing; there is always the node and always some-
thing outside the techology - inscribe the perimeter, and there is another
zone, unprotected flank. Totality can never be won at any price; control
depends on the depth and width of the potential well - how deep, how wide
your moat, in other words. Miniaturization plays a critical role; security
is always in relation to a system of classification, including a _sieve_
which of course can't touch the molecular within any 'reasonable' amount
of time. Bombs and other devices need not leave trails; the very crudeness
of the Atlanta bombing points, in my mind, to something connected to
regional 'white power' groups. 

There is always a price to be paid for the _safeness_ of the world, from
the technology necessary to maintain the wealthy past their 'natural'
(warning: deconstruct!) lifespans, to airport security measure that could,
in fact, connect with the millimeter, requiring hours per passenger, the
very air she or he has breathed. These measures descend accordingly, free-
fall, to other areas of contemporary life - playground safety, for exam-
ple, or the entire rhetoric associated with protecting our 'loved ones,'
particularly the younger or female (GOD forbid if you are both!) among
them. Protect them O Lord against the horror of rock, the onslaught of
drugs, the impurity of the races, and man-man love, not to mention other
varieties too numerous to mention! 

In a 1950s film I once possessed, the homosexual was portrayed as a slowly
lumbering heavy-set male who looked like he just stepped out of the Polit-
buro. The intersection of ideologies was obvious; young boys were _his_
prey, one for all and all for one, a totality of young boys, boy-mass to
be sure. Lesbians weren't accorded _anything,_ since they didn't fit into
the structure at all; beyond the pale, they were the locus of male desire. 

So danger lurks everywhere, but it must be named, totalized, classified,
sieved, _found out,_ and it is danger that fuels and structures the right,
which defines it. Danger and the right live hand in mouth; one feeds and
devours the other. The right defines 'little ones,' the family, 'the woman
and her work,' the whole structure of civil society in fact. And danger
accompanies the definition; everyone gets into the act - Clinton proposes
a _national_ curfew for teenage Amerikkka and signs the CDA. 

The truth as usual is far more complex, just as more complex systems are
more likely to fail. Ecological catastrophies and natural occurrences bond
together; a 1972 flood from Hurricane Agnes that devasted my parents' home
was partly the result of a stalled storm over New York State - erosion and
forest elimination (both the result of agriculture) had opened the water-
shed for surface runoff, which flowed down the Susquehanna to the first
big flood plain available. Natural or not, it was of course a disaster,
one which probably could not have been forestalled until after the fact
(bigger dikes in the area have since been built, waiting for the next). 

_Naturally,_ then, the only thing to expect is the unexpected; disasters
are with us and will always be with us, and as population increases and
world resources decrease, the order of things becomes more chaotic. Noth-
ing can be done about this, but the opposite - too much vigilence - lends
itself to control elsewhere, as all systems go are also all systems leaky.
Which is not to say that nothing should be done, but that perspective is
necessary, as well as a certain vigilence about vigilence: Who is served
by that curfew, for example, and _Who serves it?_


