
-


Listen, Little Man!


1. "But - it is in the very nature of philosophy never to make things
easier but only more difficult." The flooding of things requires taking
the lower boundaries of geodesic strategies. What falls, takes the form of
the fallen. Mud sloughs from the sides of the stream, destroying the ideal
as Parmenides would have it. The woman floods herself, so that her things
are easier. The man grinds the path towards the nation-state. 

2. "Rather, it is the authentic function of philosophy to challenge histo-
rical being-there and hence, in the last analysis, being pure and simple."
The challenge of philosophy washes away the _block_ of water represented
by the tidal forces at the Bay of Fundy, the _block_ which announces it- 
self by pure presence, every half-day, occasioned all the greater by the 
parallel commitment of the light of the full moon.

3. "It restores to things, to the essents, their weight (being)." Which is
the _task_ of philosophy, this restoration/recuperation, acknowledgment of
the _task_ of objects as well. What is the remainder, if not the serra-
tions of strata remaining, protruding, through the mud, forming the begin-
ning of inscription? Rewritten with the punctuation of barnacles, the 
human continues writing presence, thrown from the cliff against the wash, 
as if something eternal were to be occasioned.

4. "How so?" The question is already answered with the full weight of the 
water which has always already retraced itself, inscriptions lost in the 
fluids leaked from the body, ocean, self, stance, barnacle closed against 
any remainder.

5. "Because the challenge is one of the essential prerequisites for the 
birth of all greatness, and in speaking of greatness we are referring 
primarily to the works and destinies of nations." We do not have a chiasm 
here, but almost, "of all greatness, and in speaking of greatness we" - 
the breathing of the great man against the tides, the woman weighing down 
on him, suffocation in the Bay of Fundy. As if _not_ "for the birth of 
all works and destinies of nations."

6. "We can speak of historical destiny only where an authentic knowledge 
of things dominates man's being-there." The universe is an _event,_ and 
destiny adds its task to history. Already, contamination has established 
its (viral) presence in Heidegger's An Introduction to Metaphysics, tran- 
slated by Ralph Manheim, and it is Fundy's _inertness,_ pro-Fundity, that 
can re-trace _that_ path, which is the history of an entire century, and 
_that_ word, which is its destiny. (Man has never _been-there;_ Man has 
never been born.)

7. "And it is philosophy that opens up the paths and perspectives of such 
knowledge." And _one_ is a philosopher, the tide only to be noted by the 
presence of my eyes doubled by the _overlook_ near the Walton Lighthouse, 
on the way to Truro, Nova Scotia, a _rendering_ after the abandonment of 
the _massif_ once again to the anonymous perspective of the barnacles.


