

Outline for a Talk on Blank that can't be Given 


Outline for a Talk on Blank that can't be Given (That is 
inconceivable that it could be given, that it is inconceivable 
that it might occur without contradiction, that it might say 
anything, that anything might be said):

*/Thanks to Bruce Barber, Foofwa d'Imobilite, Tom Zummer./*

My work tends to deal with edge phenomena, areas of entanglement 
or confusion, appearance of glitches, and so forth. Early on I 
characterized my project as the relationship between abstract 
structures and consciousness. I've always believed that 
philosophy can be effected through modes other than writing or 
the text, that not all encounters are grounded in language, and 
that language has its own cloudy and entangled limits. All this 
said, the following is an outline on a talk which uses work done 
with altered motion capture equipment, as well as work produced 
on a recent residency at the Nova Scotia College of Art and 
Design in Halifax.


1. Philosophical work pushed to the limits:

-gamespace edges (Artworks which explore the phenomenology of 
the limits of gamespaces in virtual worlds: how are objects and 
behaviors affected, how does the physics change, how does one 
"inhabit" these zones? Do the zones have strict boundaries 
themselves? Can one speak of a broken game, or a suite of 
behaviors and objects that open elsewhere?

-client or server overloading (Using massive particle sprays, 
fields of objects, etc., all near the client or server limits: 
what happens when the space or atmosphere becomes clogged? How 
does avatar control become entangled with the gamespace 
environment?)

-altered motion-capture/behavioral spaces (What happens when 
mocap alterations result in software overload, so that the 
simulation breaks down? Formally, the avatar image becomes 
immobile and "sits" in a lotus position. What is the experienced 
of enforced stasis in relation to disparate movement elsewhere?)

-software-dependent, see economic exhaustion below (Different 
software produces different results of course: what is the 
typology of glitches?)

[situations where structure collapses:

-where structure and the symbolic can't be recuperated (Where 
there's no return, where the vectors quickly end up entropic, 
where chaos dissolves into noise.)

-where the symbolic is limited by the _game of extension_ (So 
that, for example, the gamespace or mocap edge is characterized 
by particular behavioral regimes: the game then moves the edge 
elsewhere or creates a catastrophic anomaly. Once this is 
absorbed and con/figured, the game moves elsewhere. Sooner or 
later, the game of extension dissolves into the cold death of 
the universe.)

How are these experienced? Does experience always translate into 
text? What is the textuality of experience? What is the 
dissolution of textuality?]


2. Exhaustion of symbolic space, the blank: (The blank is a 
state where [    ] is emptied but always already virtual, where 
the blank is the site of introjection/projection.)

-blizzard whiteout example (The whiteout of the blizzard images 
and videos: nothing visible but a seething, the fogged details 
at the edge of the frame pointing towards nothing, the seething 
incapable of geometrical meshing or interpretation as 
"mandala.")

-recapitulation through contouring (Noise reduction operations 
on blizzard and similar images: when the contour lines reveal 
nothing, where the inchoate roams among and through protocol 
suites. A busy seething might blockade imaginary projections; 
nothing survives the seething.)

-maps of far north, Mandeville (Looking at maps of Mandeville's 
Travels 15th century or 19th maps of exploration in the far 
north: the landscape - what constitutes shorelines, land and 
water - dissolves into the inchoate. The blankness of maps is 
described early on by the presence of "Dragons" and later by a 
sense of the uncanny. Again, these are limit spaces, edge 
spaces, gamespaces defined by no games, unpopulated except in 
relation to the imaginary. Here and elsewhere, what does 
consciousness _do?_.)


3. Back to 1 - conceivable limits to scientific explanation:

-multiverse (Other universes, if they exist, may be totally out 
of communication with our own; there may always be limits 
to cosmological observation.)

-economic exhaustion in particle accelerators (Brillouin hints, 
I think, that there may be deep and inherent ties between 
economic surplus and fundamental particle research; for example, 
particle accelerators operate up to certain energetic limits, 
and it would take increased expenditure to go beyond them. The 
universe might then be imagined to have an economic structure. 
High-energy cosmic rays point otherwise, but there are always 
going to be energy limits.)

-Planck constants (What might or might not occur "beyond" the 
Planck length or Planck time. The universe may or may not appear 
obdurate. The gamespace/edgespace of the universe might then be 
described by the game of extension. The description, I think, 
even if completely predictive on a certain level, has, at the 
asymptote, a blank.)


4. Roger Williams' theology (Roger Williams, the "founder" of 
Rhode Island, has a complex theology based on the broken 
succession of baptism from the beginning. Because of the break, 
the religious gamespace is inherently broken; each believer must 
decide everything for himself or herself. One might choose to 
become a searcher, or one might bypass the spiritual altogether. 
It's up to the individual; there is no inerrancy involved, no 
inherent law. Law is necessary for communal structure; it's a 
question of the State, not of the State's foundation. Think of 
the Law as a game, criminality existing near the edges of the 
gamespace, then absorbed. Without theological legitimation, 
there is a blank at work; the interplay between consciousness 
and structuration is cultural work.


5. Erhu (two-string Chinese bowed instrument)

-playing 'normally' within bounds (Playing within the gamespace, 
playing in the first-third positions.)

-playing near the bridge: transformation to mimetic function 
(Fingering within 2-3 centimeters of the bow; the gamespace is 
transformed to mimesis: sonic imitation, or ikonic sound, 
without reference or intervalic structure.)

-mimetic function as inert (At the edge of the gamespace, the 
sound transforms into substance. Think of falling out of the 
game, beginning another game, one of chaotic "noise." The game 
becomes a game of extension; the game of extension transforms 
the phenomenology of the musical structure.)

-blank (The structure becomes blank, becomes hiss; the structure 
becomes the substance of sound. Eventually the edge of the field 
is reached: If not now, when? If not now, where? As the fingers 
approaches the bridge, there is as much of an infinite choice as 
ever; infinities map 1-1 linearly. But the sound itself tends 
towards higher ultrasonics; whatever the measurement apparatus, 
listening device, that too can be surpassed.)

(I think as well here, of the work Azure Carter and I have done 
with Foofwa d'Imobilite, which tends towards similar edges and 
noise at times; I'm thinking especially of the Involuntaries 
which are available online.)


6. In all of the above, one might say, within any cultural game, 
there are limits, edges, blank spaces, games of extension, and 
extension beyond extension that becomes immeasurable, chaos or 
noise without the potential of a return trajectory. Think of the 
energy of the vacuum, virtual particles, annihilation limits in 
terms of receptors: any receptor may be surpassed, there is 
always surplus bandwidth, without recuperation, reconstitution. 
How does subjectivity deal with this, concern itself with this? 


7. At the other end of these broken totalities there are filters 
which process incoming and structure outgoing. The filters 
operate within protocol suites, layers of organization that 
transform information. The suites themselves are always 
transforming; they loosely define the gamespace, and to this 
extent, they might be considered closed circulations within 
potential wells. But wells themselves have tunnels, nothing is 
secure, and artifacts within the world are at best temporary 
stases. All of this simultaneously fits together and falls 
apart; all of this coheres and is incoherent, and this in any 
case is the talk on blank that can't be given, that is 
inconceivable that it might occur, that it might say anything, 
that anything might be said.






