-


Blood


Containing the blood, detaining it. I'm a bloody mess. Clean up that bloo-
dy mess. @create container named Blood "One harbors the flesh against it-
self; the skin chafes, reddens, blisters, scabs, in order that liquidity
find its way towards the surface and give vent to the externalizations of 
form. Form, thrust out. Form, thrust away." (Sondheim, Disorders of the 
Real.)

Opening a can, I cut myself deeply at the base of the index finger to-
night; the blood flowed forever, through an opening about 3 cm long. I
bandaged it tight and the bleeding stopped; after a couple of hours, I
removed it and the blood started again, this time black. It's bandaged
again; it should coagulate by morning, or tomorrow evening at the latest. 
@create $thing named Blood Cutters deliberately cut themselves, creating
their own histories upon their bodies. "Winnicott presented the case of a
woman who was fascinated by autocannibalism, as exemplified by her fanta-
sies about lost Arctic explorers who ate parts of their bodies in order to
survive. The woman mutilated herself by eating pieces of her fingers. Win-
nicott considered her act to be one of 'experiencing.' He noted that each
person who reaches 'the stage of being a unit with a limiting membrane and
an outside and an inside...[has] an inner reality...an inner world which
can be rich and poor or can be at peace or in a state of war.'" (Favazza,
Bodies Under Siege.)

Margaret cut herself opening a can (similar story) in the bathroom; she
screamed for help, and I ran in and caught her falling on me, almost a-
gainst the granite floor. She had passed out. @describe Blood as passing
out Quoting Dr. Carter, William Acton states "Thus, blood is directed to
the mammae by the maternal emotions, to the testes by the sexual, and to
the salivary glands by the influence of appetizing odors" (see Barreca,
ed., Desire and Imagination). 

When I was in Providence, Mike cut the tip of his little finger off and
sutured it back on; he was a maverick medic. Earlier, he had mangled his
hand in a press and operated on it, replacing bone and tendon with art-
ifical materials he had developed. By 1974, he was cyborg more than most,
with artificial ribs, kneecaps, fingers, tendons, and surgical procedures
elsewhere. He was also good at stopping knives. @describe Blood as stop-
ping knives Mike was an early hacker; he had pieces of satellites in his
apartment that he had brought back from the high seas... "He is amidst six
girls: one pricks him with a needle, the second uses pincers on him, the
third burns him, the fourth bites him, the fifth scratches him, the sixth
flagellates him. All that everywhere upon his body, indiscriminately. He
discharges in the thick of this activity." (de Sade, The 120 Days of 
Sodom.) 

When I was in Dallas, Denise savagely painted her menses across me, slid-
ing me beneath her, and I dreamed an open plain a field a meadow a woods a
forest a stream I bathed in her. @put Blood in Blood "Not a delusion. A
rift. Things that have begun terribly badly end in bad blood. When a woman
feels doubt, she should go and live apart. She shouldn't walk on the
earth, touching the man who is her mother. She shouldn't soil the universe
because she is unclean. I was pure. I had never felt doubt. The earth qua-
ked. Blood ran out the body." "If the world is bleeding anything can hap-
pen!" (Cixous, Angst.)

Blood runs deep, runs rivers between the letters on the screen. Trajec-
tories across the monitor create chaotic domains as runnels carry heavy
flow to edges, down across contrast/brightness controls. @drop Blood
Blood washes itself through itself, always interpenetrating, emblematic 
now of dis-ease. So many males fear the period, its levels of arousal, 
flooding, everything out of control. "Nunberg's patient got sick while 
witnessing a circumcision: 'When I saw this gaping wound around the head 
of the penis, I thought that the bleeding vagina must look like that.'" 
(Mary Jane Lupton, Menstruation and Psychoanalysis.)

AIDS resonates; blood returns to the fetishistic enigma, a totality that
nonetheless _trickles,_ interlocks. It cannot be contained, circumscri-
bed; it extrudes some into safe cybersexual space, a space which refuses
the _taint_ of blood and blood's exchanges. The exchange of blood by all
that is Holy! @recycle Blood "At last, after all we had been through, I
felt myself sinking into true submission to her, my ego bleeding out
through newly opened pores in my skin, all my hope and despair became one
ball of smoldering ash on the brink of burning its way out through my
chest." (Clark, "A Civil Debate," in Porn Free #7.)

Between the fetish and the text, lies cyberspace;
Between the taint and the lure, lies cyberspace;
Between female and female, female and male, male and male;
Between the one and the other, between the self and the one:

:From the direction of the blood, from the blood's seduction;
:From the direction of the blood, from the flow of all that's.

