
-


Memoir with Bodies


In the late 1960s I recorded with ESP-Disk, run by Bernard Stollman, the
subject of numerous articles at the time. I met his brother in Europe
where I was traveling and formed a loose group with Joel Zabor, a drummer;
we played in Copenhagan, hung out with Ted Joans a bit, two whiteboys in
Denmark and later Paris. When we returned I picked up other players and
formed a group with no name or numerous names; they never mattered. 

Joel had introduced me to the music of Art Blakey and I heard Dexter Gor-
don and Yusef Lateef and others. Back home I had been listening to Albert
Ayler, late Coltrane, Pharoah Sanders, some Ornette Coleman, and things
were coming together. My own music, totally naive, worked just as much
from middle-eastern scales, taksim, listened to ragas as well, preferring
South Indian. I listened all over. 

I met Marion Brown, but my circle was weird, moving away from Al Wilson
who joined Canned Heat playing electric blues which wasn't my music and
earlier on wasn't his. Paul Bley heard a recording of my stuff and liked 
it. But it was all loner stuff, listening to records, making three myself.

I could never have done it. Leroi Jones' Applecores column in Down Beat at
the time was incredible, talking about black aesthetic, the sound the
horns/rhythm were making, Cecil Taylor's fingers dancing on the keyboard,
movement that was in direct way spirit, the horns _talking,_ _crying,_ in
ways that couldn't be annotated, spelled out, confined. Spirit Unity check
it out. All true; you can hear it first in Albert Ayler's early Summertime
and go on from there. 

The music had a fast 1/1/1/1 pulse sometimes and sometimes not that; Col- 
trane's Ascension brought it up into the group format. Writing was loose, 
drum and bass freed; harmony transformed into coloration, sometimes a 
roar. Ayler took this to and from spirituals, the Marseilles, everything 
like that.

And the music was totally ignored by whites, by the jazz establishment
press, everyone else then and still in cool withdraw. There wasn't any-
thing like it and there won't be again, and why here in cyberspace? Be-
cause it was stuff that refused the packet, protocol; it was anti-protocol
so far back that it was as if protocol hadn't been invented. Not that it
wasn't at times incredibly complex - Coleman and Taylor were and are, at
times compositionally, but then there was freeform; I loved Guiseppi Logan
for example, Sunny Murray, Sonny Sharrock on guitar. Or take Carla Bley,
whose Tong Dynasty Funeral Piece was one of the most powerful I ever
heard, Patty Waters' ESP album where she either got it all right or all
wrong, it was hard to say and I still don't know. 

The music took the saxophone way back into the body, away from the equi-
distant well-tempering that Adolph brought to his invention. The notes,
the _holes_ in the thing, became plateaus of past practices, maybe even
colonialisms; they remained strange attractors against the chaotic impro-
visation, bending, cries, going on around them/in spite of them. 

Cecil Taylor - _no one_ ever commanded any instrument like he did/does. 
Recently he played on cross-streets in Soho and some fell in - literally 
- through a collapsed sidewalk grating. The rest fell in as well.

But what happened? I look at the texts, listen to the sounds, and they're
suddenly gone history; the whole ESP-Disk jazz catalog (including my work)
has been reissued on CD, and you hear noise of being earnest at best in
current music; if the New Music, Free Music, New Thing Jazz, whatever, is
still there, it's not that much in evidence. Ayler died, Coltrane died,
Hendrix (I at least see a relation) died, ESP folded, other companies came
in and left, Miles Davis and others went fusion, no? Jazz is nice again, a
coloration. That period, also that of Leroi Jones' System of Dante's Hell
say, is gone, Jones gone too, Amiri Baraka continuing incredible writing
everywhere. 

My own stuff. I learned the country blues from white Al Wilson, later met 
Son House, Mance Lipscomb, watched them. I was whiteboy all the way. I 
read Paul Oliver's Blues Fell this Morning, still the best blues book - 
it had to be, by an Englishman (just as the best overall book on New 
Music is Valerie Wilmer, As Serious as Your Life, also British, I mean 
beyond Jones' writings which were reissued) - and I couldn't play blues; 
I knew context before I knew multiculturalism, and it wasn't me. At that 
time, Al considered me city (since my guitar was/is fast as hell, ragged, 
raged), he country - then the turnaround and Canned Heat was doing Robert 
Johnson and doing it well, and Wilson turned around again and died at 27.

I went on all over the place, formed Damaged Life in the 80s, recorded 
cassettes with post-industrial stuff, worked through my own thinking of 
music/sound. Ayler, Coltrane, Taylor, will always be up there. The music 
stops me dead in my tracks. You can't get it in the packets.

