
-


Loss


What's fascinating about loss is that it is a reverse emission, an absorp-
tion reminiscent of an object of fantasm, uncanny, always construct; the
node in fact is a coagulation or bracketing, and the circumscription is
after the fact. 

(Loss is fact's abjection; the hardness of the word sticks in the throat. 
What is constituted by the imaginary: loss.)

The present fills with diffusion. The present becomes the ghost; life is
always already memory. Loss generates the abyss; the object disappears in
time, a radiating black hole. The resulting suture insists on the presence
of scarification, a process, not a product. There are the stitches them-
selves, the writing from which it is possible to recreate the scene of the
crime. 

(I think of life as funneled, of the origination of the vacuum, now crow- 
ded with neutrinos and virtual particles. Life suppurates, bubbles, on 
the verge of collapse. The collapse doesn't generate a singularity; death 
is a fissuring out, confused bumbling at what appears from a distance to 
be a horizon. Closer, it's fractal, filled with blunt eddies, lukewarm or 
tepid waters.)

I can't write about loss, without loss. This is its nature, this inabili-
ty to ascertain, procure, even in the abstract. Like seduction, the limit
dissolves simultaneously with the effort of the text. Unlike seduction,
nothing at all remains. 

(Not even theory remains; theorizing life, as Bowlby does, chokes the
breath, fills space in an attempt usually considered the fetishistic ward-
ing-off of death. But this isn't death; it's what happens to content when 
the voice ceases to speak, the tongue dries - when there's too much heat, 
too much of the appearance of height.)

There are all the absenting signifiers, annihilations, of loss in cyber-
space, but what I am talking about here is the heart of loss, the object
which spreads, cancerous, as it loses border, becomes a matter of lang-
uage. This is a necessary form of continuous mourning. There is no return;
my losses, gathered, gnaw from nowhere for years. As a result, I continue
to regret almost everything in my life, but this everything remains name-
less, talks me down, takes me down, with the force of lumbering flesh.
Buried, there's no room for language's breath, nor nouns to speak of. 

(Nor images, returning to the theme of emergence/submergence. In loss, 
what is submerged is _drowned,_ flayed and ribboned, decaying banners of 
skin written in no language, twisted like kelp, nor images.)

