

-


Hegel, Philosophy of Right, trans. Knox:


59. By being taken into possession, the thing acquires the predicate
'mine' and my will is related to it positively. Within this identity, the
thing is equally established as something negative, and my will in this
situation is a particular will, i.e. need, inclination, and so forth. Yet
my need, as the particular aspect of a single will, is the positive ele-
ment which finds satisfaction, and the thing, as something negative in
itself, exists only for my need and is at its service. - The use of the
thing is my need being externally realized through the change, destruc-
tion, and consumption of the thing. The thing thereby stands revealed as
naturally self-less and so fulfills its destiny. 

[...]

60. To use a thing by grasping it directly is in itself to take possession
of a _single_ thing here and now. But if my use of it is grounded on a
persistent need, and if I make repeated use of a product which continually
renews itself, restricting my use if necessary to safeguard that renewal,
then these and other circumstances transform the direct single grasp of
the thing into a mark, intended to signify that I am taking it into my po-
ssession in a universal way, and thereby taking possession of the elemen-
tal or organic basis of such products, or of anything else that conditions
them. 

61. Since the substance of the thing which is my property is, if we take
the thing by itself, its externality, i.e. its non-substantiality - in
contrast with me it is not an end in itself - and since in my use or emp-
loyment of it this externality is realized, it follows that my full use or
employment of a thing is the thing in its entirety, so that if I have the
full use of the thing I am its owner. Over and above the entirety of its
use, there is nothing left of the thing which could be the property of
another. 

62. My merely partial or temporary use of a thing, like the partial or
temporary possession of it (a possession with itself is simply the partial
or temporary possibility of using it) is therefore to be distinguished
from ownership of the thing itself. If the whole and entire use of a thing
were mine, while the abstract ownership was supposed to be someone else's,
then the thing as mine would be penetrated through and through by my will,
and at the same time there would remain in the thing something impenetra-
ble by me, namely the will, the empty will, of another. As a positive
will, I would be at one and the same time objective and now objective to
myself in the thing - an absolute contradiction. Ownership therefore is in
essence free and complete. 


