
-


Depths


Miscellaneous comments:

What is the relationship between email and ordinary mail? I am a poor 
letter-writer in real life; what disappears, seems not only gone forever 
but an artificial construct, complete with its own rituals. Email on the 
other hand is instantaneous, of the measure of speech; I tend to great 
perhaps 40 email posts a day minimum, many back-channel and many to the 
listservs themselves.

Left-handed, I cannot handwrite, or rather I cannot _read_ my scrawls. 
Typing is also a chore; I use the printer perhaps once every ten days,
having reduced everything to bytes at this point. So there is no real
precedent for my use of email, no precedent for the posts which I will 
often spell-check and justify, even though they are informal, ephemeral, 
off the cuff.

I would be curious how many participants in the lists use or have used 
ordinary mail extensively.

---

I am aware of the _depths_ of the Internet now, even when skitting across 
the World Wide Web. I understand TCP/IP to an extent, sense the routes of 
the packets, the nerves of communication. There are three reactions - 
even at this point, constant amazement; a fear of failure, given the in- 
ordinate complexity of it all; and a sensing that, at least on the Net, 
images and sounds are _constructed,_ and illusion, relying on compression 
techniques, protocols, transformation algorithms and the like, before the 
appearance of appearance.

Listen: "The basic idea behind a transparent bridge is that it acts as a
station on two or more LANs, listens promiscuously to each data packet,
stores the packet for forwarding, and forwards it onto every other LAN to
which it is connected when the LAN arbitration protocol for the destina-
tion LAN indicates the medium is available." "Routers are not supposed to
advertise too often; the default value is once every 7-10 minutes. Hosts
or others soliciting router information should not do so too often and, if
they fail to obtain a response after three attempts, should cease solicit-
ing for a period of time." "Time to Live (TTL): This 8-bit field was orig-
inally intended to be used to specify how long, in seconds, an internet
packet could persist in the internet before being discarded by a router
or a host." "The IP header contains several pieces of information to aid 
fragmentation and reassembly: a 13-bit Fragment Offset field; two flags, 
Don't Fragment (DF) and More Fragments (MF); and an Identification field."
(Various writers in Lynch and Rose, Internet System Handbook.)

The body appears to breath, its organs duplicated everywhere, laminated 
across the constructed world.

---

What is the _least expensive_ full-text connection that can be established
for the Net? I've connected my Psion3A palmtop, without terminal emulation
but with some success - no luck yet with my HP95xl palmtop, even though 
it is supposed to be possible. Telnet tends to hang in a number of commu- 
nications programs.

But what would be necessary: A subnotebook size keyboard; liquid crystal 
display 80 characters wide by at least 12 high; built-in modem and com 
program; 250k RAM for storage; no hard disk (programs would be in ROM); 
and an input/output port. There should also be a simple local editor, 
like Edit in DOS. We need these back-pocket devices which could be con- 
nected anywhere with limited battery power (like the palmtops, there 
should be the possibility of using disposal batteries) - even with, say, 
a pocket calculator, these could be sold for $100. So WHERE ARE THEY? 
Advertisements welcome...

---

(These are just some random thoughts about the Net I thought worthwhile 
to assemble, place together in a text.)

