


-


Epitaph in Cyberspace


--grounds for the epitaph
"Someone dies; it's a movement of the lips." (Damaged Life)
What is death in cyberspace? Where are the grounds of the epitaph,
its holograph?

--its authorship
Can one ever be sure of its authenticity? Can one write one's own 
epitaph here? Does it pass from person to person, wraith to wraith?

--read/write permissions
Does chmod, changing the permission of the epitaph, violate the real
or virtual body of the deceased? Can the deceased change her/his own?
Do the dead have permissions?

--downloading the epitaph
In cyberspace, is the epitaph the grave itself? Can the grave be down- 
loaded? Does downloading the epitaph transform it into the _slogan_?

--I write myself out of existence. Alan Sondheim 1943-2024
This is my epitaph.

--its equivalence to each and every text
If the epitaph is equivalent to every other text, does death, too, 
become lost in this dominion? Is the epitaph similar to a homepage, 
always under construction, torn down at a server's notice?

--its standardization of form as lower ascii
Is there an equivalent to _engraving_ in cyberspace, to the granite 
inscription, the tools of the stonemason?
Or is the standardization of text so restraining that the epitaph 
is destined to be one text among others, a floating signifier, lost 
in hard drives and packet routing loops, gone from the world like 
the virtual or real body itself?
Is the epitaph always gone from the world?

--its detachment from the site of the grave
Does the epitaph detach itself from the site of the grave, 
which is no site whatsoever, email address erased or reassigned?
Is burial itself a gone thing? Mourning occurs forever, away from
the computer:

"I turned my head away in shame. I couldn't make clear, to myself, to any-
one, what was happening to me in real life. He died and left this void,
and no amount of writing or reading could fill it. I still keep his last
story in my saved-messages folder; he sent it to me the day before he
passed away. Is it a testimony to the eternal quality of the digital that
the story remains there, now at the very top, a framework or bracketing
for the messages that land temporarily beneath it, only to be deleted
within a week or two? To grieve is to _disconnect,_ not to remain on-line,
focused on the screen. There's never a latest in death, only the late de-
parted. As for the story remaining, it's only witness to decent system 
administration on the ISP, nothing more. That too will change." 

--its further mobility and dissemination
It travels elsewhere; it is forgotten. Nothing remains. 
Software goes back to beta. Software goes to integer. 
Software goes back to beta. You may find a letter lost and left behind. 
You may find yourself in tears, wondering why. You may reuse this.
You may reuse what you have lost.

