

-


Mask


I have never been able to comfortably take a pseudonym on a MOO; avatars
don't work for me in ThePalace or WorldChat. I stay buried in Alan, a name
I hate, from the Welsh, dulled like a knife that's cut through too many
other countries. I can't wear masks on Halloween as well; there has to be
the sign of the flesh present, as if I was re-marked for failure, for my
self, letting go leading straight to perversion, the body dissolving in
the vat of acid, gaze of the Other. I'd fall apart; I don't take drugs.
When I took amphetamine that once, I almost slammed into traffic and it
wouldn't have made a difference. The mask would make a difference; I'm led
to believe it would be the death of me. Ridden with guilt always, I'd fear
the mask bonding itself permanently to me; I'd wake up you, I'd be you,
I'd lose everything, everything. I tell you all my secrets in cyberspace
and real life; there's no facade. If I'm called on facade, I collapse.

There's no collapse; I keep myself bound. You can dominate me. I keep
myself an open book; there's too much information, information-glut. At
parties, I retire to the corner. I can't piss in a men's room urinal if
anyone else is there. Your look destroys me. I reign in tight; I'm bound
to break. I break these sentences in two; they collapse on the semi-colon. 
Their parts are given to me; I swallow them. I've told you about swallow- 
ing; I can't swallow without a mask. I took mescaline twice, saw things; 
I wouldn't take it again. If I let myself go, I'd fuck everyone; like 
Janis Joplin, you'd find me on your floor. I'd be filled with needles; 
they'd mark my name, ever, never.

There must have been a goblin when I was a child; it held me in its ten- 
tacles, promised me a life of burning coals. It added its mask to the 
others; you can still see its outlines on my face. Father, I can't let 
this go on any farther. Father, at night I dream; I dream of the prac- 
tices of the Other. The Other looms large, emerges its swollen head; it 
tries to take my name away. I scream; I hold on tight, name, name. Flesh 
falls from caverns in my body. I hollow out and become a space; people 
move through me. 

I awake and look for the name to recite; any name will do. I call on
Clara, Tiffany, female names, anything but Alan; they're not masquerade. 
I have no name for them; they're burned into me. Goblins, perhaps her name
was Theresa; I don't remember male. My life: I try, remember male.  My
life: I use Alan, seethe within. On the MOOs, I'm Alan; on the talkers,
Alan. On IRC, I'm Alan; and even here, Alan, in this space, Alan. There's
no doubt as to the depth of the text; burned. Masquerade: I strip you, we 
fuck like hell; I jump in your costume. We're both Honey; we flow. 

