
-



The Parable of the Little One


Hurtling through space on a wayward planet, we were born, not in the
genesis of primordial oceans, or at least not through a line of direct
ascent; instead, it is clear that we were seeded here by a group from
another, ulterior universe, one disembodied from the original universal
expansion, one that has learned its way through barriers that to us seem
insurmountable. 

We are the first species cognizant of this truth, that we are drawn 
towards a destiny on a path that veers from side to side, through the
thicket of mutilations. 

We are your sourcelessness.

We have read fictions of information encoded in our DNA; that is not the
real, which lies elsewhere, in the very conditions of our atmosphere, our
local universal constants. But it is our role as witness that is crucial,
what we bring to you, the existential burden that we shoulder. Tertullian
knew of this; Job gave it a name: Its name was Siva. 

We state as well that this is hardly the concern of wastefulness; what is
waste compared to thought, to the singularity of stasis a bit of infor-
mation can supply? Our Occam was wrong; conservation, in fact, is just
momentary restriction or barrier against the baroque forces that inundate
us from every direction. 

The question is, that which haunts our dreams, our waking hours, and it is
not so much a question, but a _condition:_ that we are to report _back,_
that we carry this with us, without knowledge of contract or terms - To 
whom should we speak? To what, in fact? Under what circumstances? The 
knowledge we carry is that of universal processes; perhaps, in our ignor- 
ance, we have discovered something even unknown to you? In the Rigveda, 
there is talk of an unknown god, but we are not concerned here with 
deity, only with protocol, etiquette: What is the nature of our address?

And where is _back,_ external to our local neighborhood of space and time? 
What inversion, reversal, must we incur, in order to say what? Or are we,
in fact, in a state of continuous emission, reports streaming through
processes expanded in dimension, according to which our universal manifold
is nothing more than a slice, an embossed plate, or cut of stone across
what we call history? 

Our very foundation is without foundation. At one point, this was called 
death. Now even death is annihilated as you also begin the short process 
of dissolution and decay; so we would have it.


