
-


Voyeur


On the Internet, there are devices for Net sex that permit the same space
to be used simultaneously for action and otherwise conversation. On PMC, I
participated in Net sex while engaging in a theoretical discussion of
postmodernism, in someone's homespace. In other spaces, there are situa-
tions where virtual individuals watch virtual sex. 

In real life, I have been watched only a few times in my life. My second 
wife and I lived in Copenhagen for a month; we'd make love in a window at 
night, and someone across the way looked and looked. Sometimes we made 
love in a high-speed car, driving naked; what about this? Bodies hurtling 
across the world here, there, everywhere. When Kathy Acker and I did our 
tape, we had a camerawoman; explicit sex, talk.

But I've never done a pornographic film, sex show, public display. And
it's not that I would object to this; it would be something to slide into,
meanwhile explore on the Net, watch the explorations of others, tabulate
them. But I'm a coward; I've seen, in fact, very little, almost nothing at
all. Fantasy: In real life masturbating in front of you. Net:  Burrowing
through each other's bodies, send out the texts, working them into some-
thing (Kim McGlynn and myself). 

Why is the _gaze_ so persistent, in its absence, in this space? I can't
sleep at nights, imagining your legs, my legs, splayed open, an infinity
of organs intersecting, anonymous eyes prying us apart. They dismember us,
take our flesh back to their dominions, swallow us whole from the seed. 

In my dream I can imagine being a stain on your wall, viral crawl through
organic alleys, slab of daylight leaving/lifting the room. I can see 
everything. In my dream I imagine myself inside-out, displayed, dissected
across the table, coordinate x/y/z motion through time /t anything for the
databanks, anything holding back death. If I can hold my breath I can hold
your motion. In my dream I'm available, always available. 

I'm available. I don't have to think any more. I don't have to type any-
more. I don't belong in cyberspace realspace. I don't belong because
there's no more belonging. Nothing belongs if there's no belonging. 
Things stick, split like static electricity. My hair's blown off my body. 
I don't have to think because you do all my thinking for me. You're look-
ing at me through the window; I can see you. I perform for your pleasure
and you tell me what to do. I can't hear you but I know, I know, what will
please you. 

My body is your text. I open my body so you'll read me. If you read me,
I'll live forever. You can read anywhere across the nipples; there's a lot
of space. You can read down the arms, down the legs; you can read the
blood. You can read between the legs while the writing lasts. You can read
the trail of the two of us interpenetrated, wrapped like wire around each
other. There's no space among us. You required that. You said no space and
we heard. We're splayed just for you. It's as if: We're opened on the
outside, not the inside. It's as if: You give us names, you make us. Oh
there's some truth to this. 

Oh, Oh! "Brahmadatta, a great-grandson of Cikitana, while drinking the
soma juice said, 'Let this soma juice knock off my head if I say that
Ayasya Angirasa sang hymns through any deity other than this (vital force
combined with speech.)' Indeed it sang hymns through speech and the vital
force alone." 

So you can put your arms up into me, pull me inside out. You can do this: 
@create $thing called stain. You can give it nothing. @describe as if that
were all there is. 

Once I slept with two women together and when it came time to cum it was
so complicated the room dissolved. No one, no one was watching. 


