
-


Murdered by TV Radio!


I mean this literally; I feel the onset of illness, simulacra piled on, 
one atop another, lies so deep that the foundations themselves are sha- 
ken. Surely the producers know this. My skin is removed; I'm musculature, 
poor at that. It's not the programs, it's the in-between, news stations 
announcing "exclusives," the radio barking about this or that from the 
"weather center," back to television's "traffic central," advertising 
choked on the vomit of nuclear families, perfections, voices screaming as 
the treble's turned up. 

All these hero cops. A cop gets killed, he's a hero. A three-year-old kid 
calls someone, mom's lying on the floor, she's a hero. Someone doesn't 
smoke pot, he's a hero. The world's populated by heros and evil killers. 
Scum's everywhere. Everyone arrested has half-opened eyes or a jacket 
over his head. Women are always crying on television, the kids, the kids, 
the kids. McDonalds helps everyone. Someone is propping Dole up; no one 
wants to get on him. People are anxious. 

Someone / no one. Culture turns the planet into garbage; in fact, this
apparent recycling, which tends more and more to non-biodegrading _stuff,_
is the very armature of civilization. All societies across the galaxy are 
similar, a few creatures in full ecological bloom subverting the energy 
of their environments, appropriating and circumscribing dominion - this 
is called both territory and writing. A trashed planet is simply the sim- 
ultaneous manifestation of the sign and its exhaustion. Signs are weeds; 
"real" weeds refuse the sign, are disposable. Worlds are weeds.

Cyberspace presents the imaginary of infinite territory, signs, cultures, 
spaces, depths, storage, bandwidth; New World genocide is just around the 
corner. If as I would have it, the flood is the hardening and construct 
of new capital, new consumption - if the flood is, in fact, creating the 
new subject subtended to the maw of the idiotic-corporate (idiotic in the 
sense of Rosset, blunt, unresponsive, in-itself, _there,_ and not in the 
sense of _idiocy_), then we will witness a new form of anomie _within,_ 
in the midst of horrendous poverty and ecological catastrophe _without._

Which returns us once again to the phenomenology of the _cool,_ as applied
by Netscape and just about anyone else on the Web. For what's _cool_ is
what's clever, what applies a sense of neatness, graphics, reorientation,
summarization, sensory seduction, the pastiche of historicism, the layered
or morphed landscape, the promise of the digital-eternal - what's _cool_ 
is _what's got to_ the editors of the cool list in overdrive.

In 2050 c.e.. at least 100,000 species have full genomic representation on
the Net; at least 85,000 of these are extinct. Reconstruction is feed for-
ward through artificial life/expert system interfacings; creatures walk
among us once again. Bang! They're dead! Bang! They're back again! Bang! 
They're dead! Bang! They're back again! Recycling keeps trash to a mini-
mum; in fact, I've never seen trash at all.


