
-


Noise Rave


Commercialism, which was suspect just a year ago, is rampant on the Net at
this point; Web pages carry the messages of other Web pages, search eng-
ines have advertising banners, and even Netscape is buttoned all over the
place. Java creates moving billboards, and it's as if the millennium of
capital has arrived all over again, after the laissez-faire of a century
ago. What I call the darknet's almost all but forgotten; no one talks much
about email lists any more, Usenet's noisy, I get advertisements in my 
Inbox, people using majordomo and listserv are developing spam filters, 
etc. etc. blah blah blah.

Moving through cyberspace becomes continuous upgrading; Real Audio won't 
run on my machine, nor on the machines of my friends, since it's been 
changed to version 2.0. Unlike television, which has always, thanks to 
the FCC, been backwards-compatible (radio as well), the Net simply aban- 
dons those who can't keep up.

The noise is in the magazines; I'd go so far as to say, within the US, 
there's a mass psychosis underway, as if being offline meant you're some- 
how deficient, in education, worldliness, style, income, and geographic 
location. Wired's got incredible quantities of advertising, not least of 
which is for itself. Spacewaste is common among the hip magazines. 

All of which would be fine, radical, edgy, even corrective, were it not 
for the intimacy with money, unchecked, unquestioned, that all of this 
entails. The more "revolutionary" Web pages are usually those driven by 
graphics, overly designed; you need money to read them, money to look 
chic. There was a period in the NY artworld when gallerists (their name, 
not mine), dressed in severely radical black with Eurotrash papamama 
money, took over; art became style, and has never left that position. Of 
course the gallerists were just following the course of the world; those 
running around following them wouldn't know the World Bank from the Left 
Bank. Now there's a movement called transformalism afloat, riven by pre- 
tention and money, and I'm holding my breath wondering whether to go to 
Netscape 2.01b or not.

Where's the psychosis? In the assumption that all of this is _cool,_ a
word borrowed from the 50s hipsters referring to the effort of music and
style, bricolage, making-do, but certainly not buying into anything. 
What's cool now (I hate that button on Netscape, not the sites, but the
title) is what's affordable, fetishized - it's Veblen's conspicuous con-
sumption all over again, the century becoming rather insistent on repeti-
tion. 

There's also an assumption that the change at work is somehow critical,
not only on the technological edge, but on other edges as well. But what
is really happening beyond alt.sex.bondage is the sublimation of critique,
surprising in an Internet arena which has always stressed individuality, 
up to and including _personal_ home pages.

Home pages by the way have gluts of links; too often they also read like
advertisements. _Everyone_ connects to Yahoo, another style. The creat-
ivity of hypertext becomes a porousness allowing one to constantly fall,
enticed by billboards on the way. The idea of a homepage becoming personal
is difficult enough - it's only screen-available in the midst of other
pages, it's on only until the battery dies or power's turned off, it's
fully public, etc. - but the personal becomes even more impossible when 
it's in the midst of noise, noise, noise.

What happens in the long run, of course, is that, beyond the darknet, the
very idea of the personal changes, becomes absorbed in the public - we're
back to the concept of the one-dimensional man, but this time around it's
ungendered and lateral. Introjections of simulacra do strange things to
human beings; the fallout's just begun, and there's no end in site. What
is worrisome is not only the personality made from corporate flotsam and
jetsam, but the widening gap of haves and havenots (which the Rand Cor-
poration, in a report released today, has reaffirmed), resulting in infor-
mation/capital rich individuals on one hand, and street-smart social hack-
ers on the other. Both categories leave out the majority of the world's 
population, but no worry while we jack into our pentium 77 for the long 
flight home. Fires look great from the air.

Noise rave screech to a halt.

