
other. We draw blood against the bone. Our hair is matted
out as well! Thwoop! Thwoop! red-brown mush with splintered bone emerges,
painting as a boneless red blob masturbates whilst sniffing the crotch of 
pale moon rising? Procured from bone and arm, uneasy splinters
palm slammed shattered torn cracked bone. Now a new day and just the hand
partner left - the bones are fresh.
passage bones arms, mind, Nikuko has given pass, knows passage passed on, 
people skating in these bone-chilling temperatures? They haven't fallen
perfect the marrow, the without finally, bones, Nikuko's \ hempe soft 
perfect transparency, the bone of the body. what is here, the exposure of
peripheral ghosts. (I literally _picture_ the bones, the wind gnawing the
permanently broken, that bones don't suture, that flesh only heals and
physical flesh/bone structure for Jennifer, ASCII-simulation of paper-
pico zz rm zz; grep skin lb >> zz; grep bone lb >> zz; grep mind lb >> zz;
pieces. the cars are shattered bones. the neck has collapsed and no longer 
place-play pussy-pussy. down-below. look-out-long bone. skin come-up 
plie bone
pressed against layered plushness, resilient with the memory of bone
print "\nYour bones are your $nnn[$non1]? \n";
processes of bones in this maternal safety, as if exile were an addic-
proxy, the images of her space, her mouth, her fingers, her bones -- hyp-
put the letter in the sleeve, put the bone in the letter,
quartered there bones, halves bones quartered nothing bones, stop bones
quite the bone. / Oh Julu, you're so heavenly! /::So heavenly, when I'm
raised to uncanny heights through the languorous rigidity of bone. The
reading of the mouth and bones of the user, where the voice goes, how it
reading; on one hand, failure to exploit bone-syntax - on the other, the
redrumurder who has archived 1 stories reviews from redrumurder bones 
ren or bare, as if bones alone carried history, alway the same story,
required sheer physical effort, and making a hut from mammoth bones was an 
resonance _among,_ not surface to surface, but pathways, bones dredged
rises to the surface. Not history, but living in the bones; not bones, but
room gone bone
root-bone itself, the internet meshing through datagrams carrying the
roots, fascinations, fastened on bones, organs, synaptic columns. Never
s/he sing this thing wen bones ar mones an grones
safehome samantha samfshmn sanderst sandwolf sarahsun sawbones sbankoff
scabrous bone lesion tumor collapsed
screw-one-time make-die dirty-too-much. bone bone. skin count-out come-up
series seems to be in the offing - when I'm shape-riding close to the bone
shall carry up my bones from hence so joseph died being an hundred ten
sharp shard of bone cut into my abdomen. A severe stroke has incapacitated 
she closed her eyes and saw through her bones and there were eyes through 
she's hollowed creation; time is magnified, hindered. Tissue and bone, 
sheaves and platelets of skins and bones
shifters against its shifty self. yes for the punning, but the bones are 
should be convinced, 'these very bones of mine are my ornaments.'" "is 
site; this is partial, a part-object scattering my bones, absorbing my
skein), bones drawn recent modi- fied markov chain pieces. Two different
skin and flesh and bones, you are not listening, you write as ,
skin is the bones, the bones are the skin; interior is exterior, the inert
skin lb >> zz grep bone lb >> zz grep mind lb >> zz grep thing lb >> zz
skin, bone, and blood spray against the dirty walls sprayed just like the
skins bones thunderbolts daggers /
skull of another? Home or nation or _name?_ What are the bones or
skull, imaginary absence of the flesh. Inertia grips the bones; they 
some.old bone.old gristle.old some.old blood.old some.old worn.old 
sounds of marrow bone compressed papers inked
spew of eyeballs and armbones spew of skulls and thread-bones spew of 
splintered bones calls forth dissolutions last suck, ingest- name burned
splitting bang. tiffany exclaims "you killed me!" you drop the bones of
spoon or tag rusted and bone rusted
spread of quantity across a skein), and bones drawn from the recent modi- 
stake properly the earth was rocky and bone dry we poured water there was 
starved children. i could break your bones.
still tend to work in unix shells, because they're bare-bones, fast, 
streaming bone suppurated 
stretch across your bones. How do the bones curl. How do the lips hang
stretch across your bones. It slopes, thickens around the waist, thins
stretching the skin over the bones without too many lacerations,
structure become bone-flesh-blood
structures and vectors of skeins, membranes, and bones.
strung along like any other, bone crackled in preparation for final
sun in the dusk, stars in my cunt, eyes in your bones!
sutras among bones and breasts and munged aminged
swallow passes true passes take / up your sheave-bones organs your your 
sweetness life consists despair depths own, yours, breath yours, my bones 
swollen distended belly tumescent with trashed bone and expulsion. saying
swollen faces thinned back to pages bones and shadowed flesh
taken woman her this now bone my bones she therefore leave father mother 
tance, the bone which sutures the relationship into the form of the com-
tattered into shreds tattered bones of an bones dflesh an If we could only 
tears, furious bones and breasts refuse to tell the rest of the tale,  
tered on the bones of a country we barely recognize -
terrain which permits none Other. The bones freeze in death's monstrance
testimonial about redrumurder bone posts all forums home redrumurder 
text tonight following: redrumurder who has stories reviews bones Film 
text, the dead black bones of ASCII letters, A REAL MORE REAL THAN
that a secret would manifest its bones, and with that would come power.
that death shall last the morrow, that bones are robbed of marrow, that
that will crack will break, twist sinew tendon muscle, arm bones crack
the _twitch,_ what happens to the marrow of the bone and mind. "To reach a 
the apocalypse is in my bones.
the bare bones, the reworked text.
the bone, sliced to the bone! I have been betrayed, cleverly betrayed!
the bone-frame was made for
the bones, bones
the bones, bones cut of wordsBEY
the bones, bonesme to write : yy
the bones, bonesthe blood, blood
the bones, the bones
the bones, the bonesblood, blood
the bones, the bonesinto the ba
the bones; on the other, i inscribe into structures. on one hand, struc-
the burning-plains traveled only by the Shinkansen. It was said that bones
the cavities and hollows of its punctuation filling up the bones of its
the convolutions of the marrow - great bone furrows -
the doctor cause i couldn't get the bone out and i was bleeding ad 
the firmament above the bone eased towards one another
the jawbone and the overlaying tissue. the tooth is okay, but moaning i
the mind, into the very bones, of the spectator, who moves and thinks 
the movement of the bones which constitutes code a quiet Friday night. She 
the operation "skull." Light gushes down, shuttered by the bones of
the terrific vote of bones
the way down. Tiffanybone, sliced to the bone! I have been betrayed, 
theft, body theft, bone-and-marrow theft,,
their bones collapsing under harsh suns before us, the day which spreads
their bones, the confusion their speech.
their sense of quality of molecules stones and bones
their stick bones stick in us. us.
their very tracks.** Even their bones were pulverized. It was as if 
their work was and is, as if the very bones of the Net and computer were 
there are bones all the way down and up; Gmail will transform into holo- 
there are no broken bones or carapaces. The crayfish is an uncanny animal.  
there's a bone in my foot against your splintered bones against your
there's been no other that remained so close to the bone, at the same time 
there, I come Cynthia unborn bones there that lib erect Friday exist. him 
these bones have splintered into letters
they're falling apart, text that has bones in it coming to the surface 
they're shapeless skin and bones
thing quite possible to do among the articulated bones of the programs.
think of a human bone broken off, maybe holes drilled in, maybe not -
this I know, a set of bones / Is travelling on upon this road." 
this aweful war. this war. this abandonment. bones broken, smashed faces.
this body is perhaps a third of a meter in depth, of soft skin and bone, 
this is not the text but the bones of the text
this morning, morning's minion, and close to the bone, and my bones are
thoughts rustling along the bones of my cheeks, the tendons of my neck,
thread-bones spew of cockcunts and earnose spew of smelltaste and 
through the there-are nebulae. My bones in the Great Void. My bones.
through to bone in ancient battles long forgotten.
throws me quite the bone. / Oh Julu, you're so heavenly! / Sometimes more
tiffany's wrist as if it were paper. bones
tingling of constricted blood flow, pale skin sloughing from the bone.
tion,_ it is set inside the bones. As to _delimitation,_ it is delimited
tissue, hair, nail, bone - are within the real and against the order-
to fruition around this. I know that, I can feel it in my bones, my soul.
to let the words become part of the bone and marrow of the Net, my name
to love someone is to really be inside his bones.
to my neck in it, this self-swamp of bent bone and skin manifolding 
toes, origins conflated with goals. why do i dream of splintered bones. 
tooth and bone, we bite and think we're biting fiercely, we're pulling our 
trievable. Here in this text I give you the blueprint of my bones. You can 
trusted network whats this? 0 testimonials for redrumurder bone write a 
tsunami, charred bodies, flooded bones, smashed tissue, exploded organs. 
two hundred twenty bonesin the girl test test test:pna hhndrad twanty
unaccounted - it hardens the bones and their life.
unknownstones melt bones and chills torn forgotten We know this change of 
unperturbable, and bone next to bone, and cloth fragments, sharpnel,
upon the bones of this being /
upon the coming-together of bones /
upon the dusts of bones / 
upon the meditation of these bones /
upon the meditation of these bones and the ten
upon the minding and minds of these bones /
upon the radiations of bones /
violation-fabric Phaedra, throat absenting-of-bone
virtual; the vacuum and its energy are in our bones. Philosophy enters, 
vi~dust in the marrow of bones all dust in weary marrow all dust
vote bone-crimes
vote the terrific vote of bones vote julu-crime vote julu-crime vote
voting-theft, rights-theft, land water theft, bone-and-marrow theft,,
wake me my my me scared think bones my creased wake crawl no bones fold 
wander, that warm midland Texas dry-boned air, that cyberspace from
want bed. up mind. fold me crawl bed. longer bones mind. wake and crawl 
was ening bones le:{k:131}her 
we can die and do nothinges, the bonesywgPC9mb250P
what is submerged is _drowned,_ flayed and ribboned, decaying banners of 
when i turn my neck i hear bones grating /usr/bin/sz -vv -b ba
where the bones are, pushing my writing closer to the edge.
with flesh, gnawed bones of others who pad my cock and shoulders. Armed 
with the Great Void. What bones do you expect to find there?
with the radiative luminescence of the bones: our illuminations.
within beneath the heat beyond convolutions the marrow great bone -
without regard to the bones or meat of the world. But this inhabi-
words my i want to die. try dead words head. bones to old. my lead. falls 
world | +--NARCISSISTIC DISTURBANCE of dirty hole | \--WATER over bone and
worlds - protocols lying around 'like bones in a graveyard of the living'
worms that force\ for wri jewels blue perfec hrough clear bones her him, \ 
worn-out of the world, carapace or skin sloughed to the bone. I want to
wound, split skin and organ, devour flesh and bone. Did I then spit flesh
wretched form; becomes gaunt wrinkled moisture air. Only voice bones
write=sex=upon=the=bones=or=shards,=it's=the=best=way=to=scrawl=things=
xwidth zwidth ease1 ease2 rad_head rad_tail boneclass bonebase chainbase 
you <i>see</i> my language, why do my bones show 19 why i invent language
you control my prpb bly my p rtnar zhra c rtar my drug goes in my bones 
you've=got=to=read=among=the=scratches=while:write=sex=upon=the=bones=or=
you, and you can see the planes outlining the tissues, bones, and ribs, 
your lips my bones construct a lid
your sheave-bones organs your your skin-sheave / / sheave /
{k:131}her bones glistening like articulated and jeweled panties on my
