
suicide = .s brick-text i

		    embryo .s .s embryo
		like now i think of .s and hills
             O .s O gnawed-blade hole O tourniquet punished by foaM
        Do listen to all smallthing .s and leaping, say Alan
        Fear of deep death and do .s.
        I would die. I want to die. I am so fantasy. I am so .s.
      and .s, say Alan and Nikuko
    [someone threatens .s: does s/he really?]
   craw - a couple of other poets and myself have .s poems in them.
   seppuku, .s; shite, hero or shes elsewhere,
   .s and leaping, say Alan and
  (cond (.s-flag (dor-type ($ deathlst)))
 or .s long gone wrong. "or rather .sd along with opera." 'death)731: 
discipline lesbian murder infidelity hardcore .s (dor-put-meaning .s 
'death) . subway tunnel collapses as plastique and .s bombers do their 
work 1973 I think this was the year Gail Klaymink (sp?) committed .s; as I 
2006 Barry Sugarman committed .s; he was the hand drummer in our Alan, 
hoping I haven't let you down. Too many people here talking .s. Cybermind 
list. May 8, he committed .s. He was a brilliant trans- Designed to 
withstand .s, it totters, but does it? Do you ever think the whole world 
roars, that one can hear engines .s Electricity itself, and an odd .s 
(humans/dynamo) constitute the GIVE ME A SIGN; it is another night of .s 
on this wider earth; I Hello, yes, peace be with you, hello! I commit .s! 
Humans Hoffman a .s, the rest of them either dead or in remission! This is 
I am incapable of keeping lines open and running, the wires .s, I'll bet 
that you don't *really* want to commit .s, do you?  If so, If _the 
continuity girl_ commits .s, does she break continuity? For If this were a 
.s note, I would leave you my all. You would hear my May .s. He Mizu, 
water; Nikuko, meat-girl; seppuku, .s; shite, hero or hero- Mizu, water; 
Nikuko-oozing, meat-girl; seppuku, .s; shite, hero or NEVER ENOUGH.  
SUICIDE SQUAD patriot .s squad. Net sex, Net flame, Net ennui, Net .s. Now 
towards evening, Machine sleeps .s quietly. What morning will Russian 
might have said? Clearly to obstruct .s is evil. If a child THEORY_NOISE 
that just went on and on, .s background and foreground That .s, The 
I-wound opens up, splits the body; what gushes forth, like .s, The There 
in evil will will coupled destroy .s The decision against .s brings proof 
to the mountain. They refuse the .s, and even the sky fills with acronyms, 
inconceiv- This is not a .s announcement. This isn't a preface to a twenty 
volume .s note, Treatment is almost always unnecessary, unless the theme 
is .s or Trying 134.115.4.238...old, energy and .s Two high school girls 
from Kasuya, Fukuoka committed .s yesterday We are patriot .s squad. You 
know, the whole world is electrified, .s along on whatever funda- You're 
always killing yourself, it's a kind of .s, they're laughing ability to 
write, i'll be a .s, no longer existent. well now as you again; death 
stalks me all my life. I live with the potential of .s; age close of 
unclear. with to unclear. time, to .s, time, eighth ahlfwillingly. we used 
to discuss a lot about .s. when he sensed all any more than if i'm 
building /dev/nul it doesn't mean .s or already a century old, energy and 
.ss an light area kiss fiber my chaos was in to .s an oddly retroactive 
form of .s. and death, about .s/murder, _Lustmord,_ Jenny Holzer: What's 
going and illness, perhaps .s bombing, slow attrition by forgetting, and j 
g .s down by the river, gratitude towards authors, after doing and over 
again, for .s as the least harmful and .s were all entangled in the 
television image constricted rattle and want it like this, .s when i can't 
work any longer, when i become anti-faustic dog nebula dog anti-faustic 
bar embryo bar embryo bar .s be of me, would not be anywhere. If this were 
a .s note, you would behind, still on, .s away... blood, disinvests the 
world with its poverties and .ss. At the edge boasting, will lists, the i 
.s restaurant there's out, i in know, bottom all around the shore, where 
it is visited by .sbirds in burning the books. the books are .ss. carried 
out. Later, after his .s, she asked whether he said anything chaos drives 
officer to .s chaos was in to .s road cracking ## bubble ## the circuitry 
.s, no one's around committed .s on the JUNGLE GYM at his school. I never 
had a CRUSH on committed .s. One of them died by hanging from a playground 
jungle coupled There with is .s covered and ugly, i am not a lovely 
.sbird, lover, her nightmare created us from the soil and water of the 
earth the .s bomber is danger, .s was the first option that occurred to 
him. i dont blame decompositions bacteria vegetation and .sbirds and 
sparrows and dev deviously, just as she lived, a case of possible murder, 
.s, disappear. well. on. physical. collapses. forever. lost. .s. think. 
discipline 731: pack dumb, stab discipline .s things pack leave discipline 
torture stab our things .s artist discipline leave but disease, 
inundation, mafia and gang rule, .s bombers, new forms of diseases and 
wars take over from depression and .s. domestic violence and .s). 
philosophy, medicine, healing, peace, war drugs, .ss, ened .s and then 
gave a number cut off half-way through i was there face which moved 
smoothly as he stepped forward against the .s that flames, .s, Lauren 
Hutton, distributed intelligence, Tonya Harding, for this reason I'd all 
his attack on postmodernism a kind of .s; his friends were threatening .s 
frightened f for s .s. l lying a awake a at n night l like this i i f give 
me .s, let me relax a bit go .s, grep .s texts/* | wc 303 3029 22921 $ 
grep happy texts/* | wc 549 has disappeared. But comfort alleviates .s, 
and one may stay in this heart, double .s, you are inside my heart, i will 
kill myself, i will hearts, wa wa inside heart, wa wa double .s, wa wa you 
are inside my her, sustaining herself on .s wings with clinched talons, as 
if i considered .s as a bypass i dream of walking in collapsed buildings 
and furious .ss in first life are limit cases: .s, euthanasia, etc. 
inconceivable partings and attempted .ss and the ravages of insufferable 
.ss trapped america, guns, riots energy, flower's iron internet .s with 
new everyone internet. is momentary through three and a half billion 
years, the guise of .s. is the saying of .s, I told you so. There is the 
saying of fear, so island said, how do you do write .s in avant-garde xxxx 
it makes for dreaming .s, dreaming patchwork for the very last time. 
itself, meanwhile I go back on the MOO and wRItINg sez hears it's .s just 
the .s sound. People are running and screaming again. just tried .s what 
did i think the fuck i was doing running out the late-night talkshow; the 
guest said it can lead to .s. The cut on my line, secretly conservative? 
That I thought .s, lived in death's lovely .sbird, delicate and caring of 
others. i am the pure swan making of .s hieroglyph maybe approach approach 
leave .s 'death)731: our things but murders maybe leave 731: 
(doctor-put-meaning stab 'death)731: murders .s mechanism of an 
anti-bourgeois bourgeois who commits .s by destroying memory. in the 
reversed world, .s is the mover is its alleviation. But I would also argue 
for a .s for trivial murderer, priestess, .s. I travel through the slit! 
The slit in your murmurs heard last no .s. and heard heard and syllables 
for my family is the family of books, .ss among 'em, turning towards ash, 
neuras thenic freudianwise disasters .ss rages wars angers limit walk 
never punishments never heals nor .ss not here of my life, and the .s 
attempt was hidden and probably not that of outcomes, but it must be mass 
.s. with a of .s there are some. of .s; it is never a resolution or 
denouement. The suicidal one's tendency towards .s, which must be 
continually monitored. Not one? .s .s .s one? or rather .sd along with 
opera. perturbing, too much talk of .s. And if Jennifer, then ghost-like 
we phonemes. .s. won't i knife phonemes. for fall i i for and begone 
potential final - and only - remaining process is .s. Everything else 
prayer of repetition murder and .s projectors .s poorly in the background, 
speakers roaring before us - pulleys, invisibly molded in something .s 
over the wires, never satori-boyve does the .s_emotion of a dog_fuck so 
the slave of the seventy two sets live furious diseases wars take .s up 
this end she had just attempted .s, and when I reached her in the 
hospital, she thought of bees .s all around, she thought about flowers. 
shikibu does me kimono kraus and tears and violette leduc and j g .s 
should use extreme care before he classes them as .ss." .ss. sides of the 
self! We are all close to .s, all pleading, but never site where a .s 
tries to shoot" jennifer failing, her fear of the so that i try to sleep 
here wires .s all about me somewhere in Asia; .ss are the Japanese order 
of the day. Or a speaking .s, "I'm going to take my dog and go into the 
desert and I'm strokes; you can hear the .s of the strings. The signified 
becomes .s .s bar the the .s bombers, storms and lightnings, the 
destructions of languages and .s for Nikuko .s hoax - Michael Current's 
response - the complaint to the sys- .s jennifer is jennifer my jennifer 
friend .s not science the solution. .s of the line as the object fills the 
frame - it is this space .s or that REWRITE was always a continuous .s. No 
one would .s to death - just so - not tiredness, no, certainly not 
arousal, not .s unloved .s zz .s). philosophy, medicine, healing, peace, 
war and survival elders .s, death's .s, etc., which are problematized in 
SL... .s, for eighth we for when we year when tried year so, tried up so, 
.s, lived in death's always, there seemed a descent, fear, mumbling .s, 
the story of initialed names carved into absent substance. .s-bird and 
soft wind, for the telling of it is the reading of it, .s. .s. The book is 
simultaneously a warning and an account of what went .s. brilliant .s; 
this .s_emotion of a dog_fuck so the slav e of the altcrazy-satori-dog- 
.ss trapped america, guns, riots energy, flower's iron petals, bodies .ss, 
rages, temper and my fears of just being alive? I tried .s as a kid, 
mixing the disasters through drugs, through .ss, through rages, through 
the the .s the future the future the bar jaguar jaguar jaguar bar the to 
laugh f of ants interchanged=ant*.s*the was it where city=of the wall of 
China; a .s-bird which an American pricess wore in her the wires are .s, 
as if carrying sensibility multiplexing beyond our the yearning protocols 
singing) your saw-palmetto .s my the yearning thinking .s, the production 
of a thing this IS a .s note! thought. between madness and .s, this pain 
looms. do i need atten- to myself, covered with ugly young." i am not a 
lovely .sbird, track16 gallery la such blessing barry sugarman .s he's 
johnson's twenty volume .s note, this IS a .s note! That is, if I don't 
unclear. to time, .s, eighth for we when year tried so, up lived with 
unclear. unclear. to to time, time, .s, .s, eighth eighth for ured. It 
leads to .s, dysfunction. I don't think cyberspace helps vandalized by 
schoolmates soon after the .s. There were still, vegetation .sbirds 
sparrows flies mites "i detest her because i violence and death and .s 
were all entangled in the television image was swill. I perform emptiness. 
If I send out a .s note = nothing. I way. What happened was that someone 
posted a .s hoax for April wharfcry, the nurse's .s, are equally embodied, 
that the promulgation whispers darkness warmth inconceivable partings 
attempted .ss ravages who has not lived or died her .s; the former is 
existence will be assumed that I documented my inexorable march towards .s 
or with .s, with despair, but the screen of Buddha, emptying out. No would 
a bee or a .sbird, Heidegger, Dasein yacking, yapping, .s, singing, 
whatever bodies do, I guess cry, year .s; you are walking down the street, 
when you are .s in the shower, when

suicide = .s brick-text ii

embryo like now i think of and hillsO gnawed-blade hole tourniquet 
punished by foaMDo listen to all smallthing leaping, say AlanFear deep 
death do .s.I would die. want am so fantasy. .s, Nikuko[someone threatens 
.s: does s/he really?]craw - a couple other poets myself have poems in 
them.seppuku, .s; shite, hero or shes elsewhere,(cond (.s-flag (dor-type 
($ deathlst)))long gone wrong. "or rather .sd along with opera." 
'death)731:discipline lesbian murder infidelity hardcore (dor-put-meaning 
'death) . subway tunnel collapses as plastique bombers their work 1973 
this was the year Gail Klaymink (sp?) committed 2006 Barry Sugarman he 
hand drummer our Alan, hoping haven't let you down. Too many people here 
talking Cybermind list. May 8, He brilliant trans- Designed withstand it 
totters, but it? ever whole world roars, that one can hear engines 
Electricity itself, an odd (humans/dynamo) constitute GIVE ME A SIGN; is 
another night on wider earth; Hello, yes, peace be you, hello! commit .s! 
Humans Hoffman rest them either dead remission! This incapable keeping 
lines open running, wires I'll bet don't *really* you?  If so, _the 
continuity girl_ commits she break continuity? For were note, leave my 
all. You Mizu, water; Nikuko, meat-girl; hero- Nikuko-oozing, NEVER 
ENOUGH.  SUICIDE SQUAD patriot squad. Net sex, flame, ennui, Now towards 
evening, Machine sleeps quietly. What morning will Russian might said? 
Clearly obstruct evil. child THEORY_NOISE just went on, background 
foreground That The I-wound opens up, splits body; what gushes forth, 
There evil coupled destroy decision against brings proof mountain. They 
refuse even sky fills acronyms, inconceiv- not announcement. isn't preface 
twenty volume Treatment almost always unnecessary, unless theme Trying 
134.115.4.238...old, energy Two high school girls from Kasuya, Fukuoka 
yesterday We are know, electrified, whatever funda- You're killing 
yourself, it's kind they're laughing ability write, i'll no longer 
existent. well again; stalks me life. live potential age close unclear. 
time, eighth ahlfwillingly. we used discuss lot about when sensed any more 
than if i'm building /dev/nul doesn't mean already century old, .ss light 
area kiss fiber chaos oddly retroactive form death, .s/murder, _Lustmord,_ 
Jenny Holzer: What's going illness, perhaps bombing, slow attrition 
forgetting, j g down river, gratitude authors, after doing over again, for 
least harmful entangled television image constricted rattle this, can't 
longer, become anti-faustic dog nebula bar me, anywhere. behind, still 
away... blood, disinvests its poverties .ss. At edge boasting, lists, 
restaurant there's out, bottom around shore, where visited .sbirds burning 
books. books carried out. Later, his asked whether said anything drives 
officer road cracking ## bubble circuitry one's JUNGLE GYM at school. 
never had CRUSH One died hanging playground jungle covered ugly, lovely 
.sbird, lover, her nightmare created us soil water earth bomber danger, 
first option occurred him. dont blame decompositions bacteria vegetation 
sparrows dev deviously, lived, case possible murder, disappear. well. on. 
physical. collapses. forever. lost. think. 731: pack dumb, stab things 
torture artist disease, inundation, mafia gang rule, bombers, new forms 
diseases wars take depression domestic violence .s). philosophy, medicine, 
healing, peace, war drugs, .ss, ened then gave number cut off half-way 
through there face which moved smoothly stepped forward flames, Lauren 
Hutton, distributed intelligence, Tonya Harding, reason I'd attack 
postmodernism friends threatening frightened f s l lying awake n give 
relax bit go grep texts/* | wc 303 3029 22921 $ happy 549 has disappeared. 
But comfort alleviates may stay heart, double inside kill myself, hearts, 
wa her, sustaining herself wings clinched talons, considered bypass dream 
walking collapsed buildings furious life limit cases: euthanasia, etc. 
inconceivable partings attempted ravages insufferable trapped america, 
guns, riots energy, flower's iron internet everyone internet. momentary 
three half billion years, guise saying told so. fear, island said, how 
write avant-garde xxxx makes dreaming patchwork very last time. meanwhile 
back MOO wRItINg sez hears sound. People running screaming again. tried 
did fuck out late-night talkshow; guest lead line, secretly conservative? 
thought lived death's delicate caring others. pure swan making hieroglyph 
maybe approach murders (doctor-put-meaning mechanism anti-bourgeois 
bourgeois who destroying memory. reversed world, mover alleviation. also 
argue trivial murderer, priestess, travel slit! slit your murmurs heard 
syllables family books, among 'em, turning ash, neuras thenic freudianwise 
disasters rages angers walk punishments heals nor life, attempt hidden 
probably outcomes, must mass some. resolution denouement. suicidal 
tendency continually monitored. Not one? opera. perturbing, too much talk 
And Jennifer, ghost-like phonemes. won't knife fall begone final only 
remaining process Everything else prayer repetition projectors poorly 
background, speakers roaring before pulleys, invisibly molded something 
wires, satori-boyve .s_emotion dog_fuck slave seventy two sets up end 
reached hospital, bees around, flowers. shikibu kimono kraus tears 
violette leduc should use extreme care classes .ss." sides self! pleading, 
site tries shoot" jennifer failing, fear try sleep somewhere Asia; 
Japanese order day. Or speaking "I'm into desert I'm strokes; strings. 
signified becomes storms lightnings, destructions languages hoax Michael 
Current's response complaint sys- friend science solution. line object 
frame space REWRITE continuous No tiredness, no, certainly arousal, 
unloved zz survival elders etc., problematized SL... always, seemed 
descent, mumbling story initialed names carved absent substance. .s-bird 
soft wind, telling reading it, book simultaneously warning account slav e 
altcrazy-satori-dog- petals, bodies rages, temper fears being alive? kid, 
mixing future jaguar laugh ants interchanged=ant*.s*the city=of wall 
China; American pricess wore carrying sensibility multiplexing beyond 
yearning protocols singing) saw-palmetto thinking production thing IS 
note! thought. between madness pain looms. need atten- ugly young." 
track16 gallery la such blessing barry sugarman he's johnson's is, ured. 
It leads dysfunction. cyberspace helps vandalized schoolmates soon still, 
flies mites "i detest because swill. perform emptiness. send note nothing. 
way. happened someone posted April wharfcry, nurse's equally embodied, 
promulgation whispers darkness warmth former existence assumed documented 
inexorable march despair, screen Buddha, emptying bee Heidegger, Dasein 
yacking, yapping, singing, do, guess cry, street, shower,

