JoeMilutis.com -
cell 401-345-9435 
NewJerseyAsAnImpossibleObject (blog)
David Udris 401-863-2134
401-339-3852

Jagdish 272-5820

What to do about Chloe Malle?

Claire - 917-710-7631
Joe_Milutis@brown.edu
David_Udris@brown.edu
Liza - general sec'y.
Susan McNeil
Department of Modern Culture and Media
Brown University
Box 1957
Providence, RI  02912
401.863.3535
Ask Liza for phone numbers


With the cameras - We have equipment checkout room - checkout and checkin 
twice a week - David will come in and explain checkout.

Where do the students get film? Students get at cost - David explains.

Students shoot film, put in can - the lab's 20 minutes away. Get the 
students to deal with it - if students can't deliver/pick up, get Fedex to 
pick up - it's a drag can take up to a week. There's a box where all the 
film is put in - Claire might be able to pick these up/drop them off.

Film comes back from the lab, put back in the box. Then it gets murky. Run 
the first roll through the projector. After that - with the transfers - 
other area - how to transfer - thru the $3000 Elmo machine? They usually 
do a terrible job. Possibly pay the lab to do it. Lab has minimum charge. 
David does all the transfers. Students can do lab or local setup. Leslie 
encourage to do it locally.

When transfer done at lab, will make disk or minidk. Local, minidv. 
Downloads into Quicktime!

We can project minidv directly through the board. The TAs know how to do 
this as well. The guy knows well, the woman will figure it out.

Very first class - Who's in the class - 12-15? Keep it at that level. Not 
enough equipment for more. What Leslie does - give senior concentrators 
priority but not legally binding. Tend to end up with mostly seniors and 
juniors. Students come to the first class, can do quick interviews. If 
they don't show up, they won't get in.

Look at Rob Danielson's book online. 
Need URL: http://www.uwm.edu/~type/FilmDept/StudentIndex.htm

Speak to travel agent at Brown for getting cheaper fares? They're on
Thayer.

With Joe - He teaches sound at Brown in Art Department? Maybe do an 
exchange with him?

Get the intro people to do simple lighting - they prefer to do bad 
lighting with the fancy lights. Godard and Antonioni available light -

Thing about film now - if they shoot with available light with Tri-X - 
still not enough light. Check the whole room for light - exposure latitude 
for black and white Tri-X is only about one stop in any direction. Kodak 
has developed exposure latitude in color neg - but not in Tri-X. Shoot for 
shade or sun. Tri-X 200 outdoors 160 indoors. Full range of stock. They'll 
shoot in reversal - color revesal hard to get. (Bad Ektrachrome.)

David technically hired to work full time; the equipment room attached to 
his office. << David's done stuff for LinkTV - done professional level 
shooting. Feature-length documentary on 9-11 -

Meet with Richard Manning - from the Archive - take DVDs out to look at 
them -

Wait until school starts re: production building office. Will get ID card 
access - Don't walk home late at night. Call the service to pick you up - 
will take you the door.

Say to class at beginning - Film is old technology still works - but 
mechanically it's simple, like sewing machine - problem w/ teaching film 
is that you need to know about five things all at once. Threading camera, 
exposure and focus. Students will make mistakes. THERE WILL BE A LOT OF 
MISTAKES - first half of semester half of you mostly might have mistakes. 
Over and under exposure... Etc. Have the students thread slug.

Maybe have them look at stuff on the Steenbeck - what Leslie does - throw 
out 3-6 feet of stuff - they hold the film, do something to do it, then 
splice it all together. Can't do sound on Steenbeck.

Students love craft right now?

They teach sound for Final Cut and ProTools - they'll teach out to edit on 
Final Cut. If shooting for Final Cut - with b*w reversal, underexposure - 
Leslie doesn't tell them that - Underexposure by 1/2 stop.

Leslie asking David to buy grey cards for everyone. Grey cards & 
reflective. Have them walk around w/ grey card.

Bolex - 24 fps - 1/80th sec w/ split prism; otherwise 1/40. The Canon 
Scoopics - we'll look over that as well. We'll concentrate on the Bolex. 
Leslie, what cameras do you have?

Monday go through equipment with Azure. $16 per roll of film. We give them 
four rolls of b&w for free. We can take some film for the class - up to 
six rolls for group or inclass projects.

For sound - check out Marantz tape recorders w/ hard drives - very 
digital. People have their own disks, sometimes forget.

**How is sound transferred? Mostly take out tape recorders. Transfer with
USB or Firewire - download to something! Ask Claire to augment how to 
deal with sound. Burn the sound onto a CD! Or it's just going to disappear.
Maybe go to workshop session? - Make sure it works for me. Hour in length.
Speak to Joe Grim.

You can shoot video for film - bring cinematic mentality to it. Have 
students do both video and film project - work in pairs towards the 
beginning. In editing combine the two.

Ok to get syllabus second class? Online ok with this? Are the students
required to have online access?

Film archives have a number of silent movies? Eisenstein etc.?

