==

Potential assignments:


Lighting exercises - employ. - Lighting planes - from one to another.
Sound exercises - employ. - Sound fading in and out. Sound / image not on the 
same cut.
Focus exercises - Near/far focus - intentional focusing for content.

In a film _every object reads as intentional._
In a film _every sequence connects to every other._

RACK OR PULLING FOCUS - in sound, light, focal plane

Assignments - suggestions --

Content: Murder or The War in Iraq or Love or other relationships
--instead of murder, detective story
Completely silent film utilizing all the camera tools you can. 
Completed in three minutes.

Soundtrack without visuals - edit any way you can - same topic. NOT in sync 
with the film. (Later we'll combine the two.)

Kuleshov exercises: 1. Neutral face, visual surrounds; 2. Neutral face, aural 
surrounds. -- Watch Buster Keaton.

Desperation film - A. You're dying. The last film you'll ever make.
                   B. The planet is dying. What would you leave behind?
-- relation to global warming ==
you have limited amount of time - have to make big choices (don't use word
desperation)

Noh play? Introduction / destruction / haste
-- read Noh play -- Walking / encounter / supernatural appearance / sublime

Short piece imaging the future (can be tied in with the desperation film.)
-- Sensibility, no constuming, rocket ships, etc.

Leslie - for screening in advanced class - pair feature and experimental films
- basic event was the same in both -- Maya Deren with film noir 

Free work: You can do this anytime; at least three pieces have to be shot on film.
Remember for the most part we're dealing with roughly 3-minute one-reelers.
Speak to me first about the content.

You can shoot at any speed, transfer at 24, then open it up at the other end.


First week is shopping week. Ask people to get their materials by the end of
class. Get list and give to Susan or Liza by next day. 





From Eric_Dahlbom@brown.edu Sat Jan 27 15:22:35 2007
Date: Sat, 27 Jan 2007 15:22:30 -0500
From: "Dahlbom, Eric" <Eric_Dahlbom@brown.edu>
To: sondheim@panix.com
Subject: MC 71

Prof. Sondheim,

My name is Eric Dahlbom, I'm a 3rd-year student here at Brown and an Art-Semiotics concentrator.  I pre-registered for your class, MC 71 (intro to filmmaking) last fall, and I have submitted an application.  However, I copied down the class's meeting time into my schedule incorrectly, and missed the first class.  (I showed up at Projection Room 1 at 6:00 PM last Wednesday.)  Taking MC 71 now is important to my concentration, and I'm writing to see if it is full or not, and if I might still be able to get into the class.

Best,
Eric Dahlbom

