

Lovers



I am fifty-two; I can't even write the number properly in Arabic num-

erals, discovered long before I was born. I remember the arrival of the

hydrogen bomb, keeping a photograph of the first explosion near my bed,

something to tell me stories; it still does. What I remember is always 

of no consequence; I will die carrying memories, I will carry nothing. 

But what I will carry, like the plague or permanent virus, is this:



That I have had the last of my lovers. I could lie upon the Net, pass

myself off as a twenty-four-year-old cock named Kent, but in reality, 

I'm dead, gone into ashes. I make love hard and constant, better than

most, dream of a solid relationship, a partner for the next twenty years

or so. But the real intrudes like the heavy lid of a sky, my neuroses,

my intensities, edginess, and everyone wants what's safe now, don't 

they, even safe pain, whatever. I'm not safe, even to myself, don't hope

to live that much longer, this world's not worth it.



But I could lie upon the Net, pass myself off, this temptation to be a

twenty-four-year-old cunt, hard for the asking of it, but in reality, 

there's not much reality. I have already been discarded, but the truth

is that it's an _always already discarded,_ from the moment of birth all

the way through the mistakes, to the moment of death. Nothing but the

seepage of this link from one to another painful day, something they

would churn over on alt.angst or reassure me on some other alt.talk.show

made up just for the occasion.



You are all my lovers, and none of you are my lovers. My attempt at 

transformation from wire to real-life failed miserably, always already

after the fact, and wasn't that predictable? My last lover was 42, was

24, was 27 and I was forty-nine. My last lover was dark-haired, blond,

and wasn't that predictable? I am everyone's mentor, no one's mentor,

I am a shell, a fake, organs devouring organs from within, nothing in-

trinsic in this body, nothing believed, believing, believable. My last

lover would be my first lover, beyond that a dark impenetrable plateau

receding into indeterminate distance. I would return there, fall there,

fall over there, fall over the cliff of the past, die, fool, die.



Amazed that any Net relationships succeed, even for the five minutes of

life it might take a bacterium to divide. My work plunges me into my

work; without that I'd be lost. I used to imagine myself in prison, 

learned to think/hold this vile mind together, gaming to stay alive. 

Now it seems pointess; if I've learned anything even later, it's that

intention too dissolves. At 52, I'm dead.



