







Things that Could have Gone no Farther





The Lyman alpha forest absorption spectral lines charting, coagulating,

the distant quasars, the Lyman alpha galaxies at the edge of the known

universe themselves, chaotic lines and redshifts from a trillion stars

smudged or stained across an inconceivable plate or ccd receptor made from

empty space. Silenced by compression of fifteen billion years to the

universal edge and violation fabric membrane collapses by forced Clara

Hielo Internet not a name mentioned. The lid on the cambrian catastrophic

bends planetary rubble nowhere but petrifies a tear formed from the

tiniest thing as space distends the body, breasts blows them apart.

Swallow my seed before another web crawls its way across the glass. Pull

my nipples into filaments gone across Centaurus Cluster Virgo Cluster gone

towards Great Attractor. Lost in Lyman forest Virgil would kill himself,

Dante, Florence, Italy, Europe, each and every continent; lost in Lyman

forest time slices and reverses the eye. Look at myself don't like what I

see, check out 3400-3700 Angstroms for the remnants of truth. The farthest

the universe goes is a mark that gnaws past the plate or ccd, erodes the

sign just when signifying, Kantian sublime disappearing in magma turned

plasma, 400 neutrinos to the cubic centimenter but I ask you only one

nucleon to the cubic meter? What does space say when space comes out to

play. It says nothing. Its cunt is stitched shut, its cock torn from the

moorings. And me, I say to you, kill yourself, descend into the matter 

with the matter what's the matter. The farthest thing is something you 

say, spit, swallow, vomit. 



Vegetation, animals, rocks confounded.



Flaubert knew this in La tentation de Saint Antoine. It's the end of the 

book. The world vibrates, heads towards pure mass. Delirious Antoine:

"O bonheur! bonheur! j'ai vu naitre la vie, j'ai vue le mouvement 

commencer. Le sang de mes veines bat si fort qu'il va les rompre. J'ai 

envie de voler, de nager, d'aboyer, de beugler, de hurler. Je voudrais 

avoir dea ailes, une carapace, une excorce, souffler de la fumee, porter 

une trompe, tordre mon corps, me diviser partout, etre en tout, m'emaner 

avec les odeurs, me developper comme les plantes, couler comme l'eau, 

vibrer comme le son, briller comme la lumiere, me blottir sur toutes les 

formes, penetrer chaque atome, descendre jusqu'au fond de la mateirere, 

- etre la matiere!"



The penetration-descent into the primordial, complete with carapace, the 

crystallization of the body, petrification of the cock and cunt into a 

singularity! But the truth wasn't enough! The truth wasn't enough! 

Flaubert has the dawn appear, the sky, the whole bloody works! Everything 

designed for _Man_! And in the middle of the sun, the face of Jesus 

Christ himself! The corroded signifier, the Mother of all signifiers, as 

Antoine coagulates back into Antoine, even remembers his name I suppose. 

Antoine does what? At the very end, makes the _sign_ of the cross and 

returns to his prayers. The sign's sucked out by the sun, nearby star, 

where we don't have to worry about the Lyman alpha forest, everything 

neatly organized, temperature a balmy 72 degrees fahrenheit of delightful 

bandwith. The hell with it!



Antoine could have gone farther, succumbed. That would have been the 

first sign of truth in the world, petrified, obdurate truth. Returned to 

language, the stupid muttering of prayer, nothing was left. The book 

ended and Flaubert should have killed himself. He didn't but returned 

himself to write and write and write.



