







The Calling of Weber, Future Capital





You're the boy, I'm the girl.



You're even, I'm odd, throw one and one you won, throw two and two, you 

too. Throw one and two, I won, throw two and one, I too. 



Paper scissors rock, beginning of the endless cycle, stopping off after

destruction, absence, lack. Rock smashes scissors; scissors resurrect, the

return of the repressed, cutting/frameworking against the dream-screen of

the page. Scissors in fact divides paper into part-objects, incipient ego

coagulation. Paper slips out from rock: unheralded, the beginning of the

chora, just as the signifier slips from substrate itself. Or page covers

rock: simulacrum, only for rock to emerge once again, smashing scissors,

saving the signifier. Rock has nothing against paper; paper lovingly co-

vers rock - it's a caress of sorts, kindness. Only rock escapes unscathed,

its darkening momentary at best as paper slips from the surface. But a 

rock is a rock of no significance.



You're the girl, I'm the boy. Girl is even: multiple, feminin-ecriture,

frisson, repetition, duplication (boy says duplicity), zero or two. (And

zero is two: zero/nought as well.) Boy is odd: stick, unmirrored, barren

(girl says phallicity). If the throw is one or two, girl is two or four,

framework harboring the intensity if recursion. If the throw is zero or

one, girl is chora, the uneasy paper covering rock, smashing scissors'

edge through transitional object, go rock. (Everything is odd in the

world, nothing is that even.  Or everything evens out in the world, even

the odd.)



And boy? Boy is one and three, the former anomic-catatonic as the finger

fingers itself in the exchange. The latter, a phallic trinity for the

rock-cradle rocking, one-three-bough breaking. 



Or boy is two and four, the completion coming from single digits, girl one

and three, which boy knows all along. Boy is invited into the human, or

not. 



Cyclical games, over and over again, games of destruction and resurrec-

tion, neurotic-compulsive games played on every planet up to redshift 5. 

Games of frameworks and intrusions, games of chora and entity, games

emptied of all content, visitations of games. Games dreamed in the midst

of their cycles, the scissors slipping out from the rock cut by paper

bearing boy covered by girl. Games of the manufacture of odd and even

capital. Games called on account of rain covering games, covering girl and

boy. 



