





Tiffany and Redshift 5





Tiffay returns to speak to me, and it is wonderful, all other silences 

flooding in distant wavelets, solitons, turbulent steady-states, what 

rapture. Tiffany whispers the rapture of new birth, and you must whisper 

too, in order to hear these lines, and I can almost bear the rest, the 

news brought from the Lyman alpha forest at the edge of the universe, 

known and unknown



Tiffany says at redshift 5 we confront our own death, not that of bleak 

eternity or annihilation, nor the heat death of the universe, nor the 

dissolution of the body



But Tiffany says at redshift 5 we confront the splayed and irrevocable 

beginning of everything, the forgotten bone and gristle of us, the proper 

names held, Tiffany says, in a skein of words and fabric



And Tiffany says, and you can almost hear the leaves growing as she

speaks, in so quiet a murmur, the world murmuring at the distant three

kelvin degrees with those slight imperfections, birthmarks of the universe

- she says o cosmology ingests death, this death-in-birth at the limit,

pervades it - the universe bears the burden of death, the hand arcs to the

sky, the finger-tip vector never ending but in chaotic circulation



Tiffany says life is always already residual, a glancing blow stained with

decreasing temperature and the slow release of information into orbits

encrusted with stochastic barnacles, inconceivable ocean whose language

ourselves is under erasure



She whispers, we have nothing else to remember. She whispers, we have 

nothing else to remember. We are forced to remember



We live together with ourselves, a temporary arrangement of birth, death, 

a temporary arrangement of desire at redshift 5. At redshift 5 Tiffany's 

voice grows louder and longing but o so far away. At redshift five the 

fog darkens and lifts 



Tiffany says, annihilation is the only truth, but dead carries with it no 

realization, and she says that we remain alive to carry the falsehood of 

the experience of death. Slowly speaking, the wave cuts the prow of an 

absent ocean soliton, tsunami splashing against universal origins. Within 

the quasar, the noise is monstrous silenced elsewhere, the barrier of 

virtual vacuum, virtual space



So slowly speaking, that Tiffany speaks of slowly speaking, giving weight 

to the words which are pillars of a longhouse buried one-hundred-thousand 

years on the banks of the French Mediterranean, and this is not at red- 

shift, not at redshift at all



O we contort, Tiffany whom I love before all others, we flail uselessly 

at the barrier of the other, desperate in the eyes for recognition of 

the name which haunts us constantly in its absence, unsounded always 

already at redshift 5. Tiffany says we melt within the useless passion of 

her body, and that language too is a game mouthing itself at our expense, 

expenditure, the relative cost of nothing on a universal scale



(I listen to Tiffany forever. As long as I am alive, and as long as 

Tiffany will speak, I will listen. I swear it.)



