





Caught in the Meshes of my Stockings





"Anamorphis and the discourse of the analysand as a kind of hiding:  some-

thing, which will only be revealed to the subject if he shifts his posi-

tion, is hidden from him - hence his discomfort. The subject is implicated

in the reading of the spectacle, the deciphering of discourse, precisely

because the thing he is not at first able to hear or see concerns him

directly in his capacity as subject." (Severo Sarduy, Written on a Body)



The _sleazy_ leaks from any framing-device, even bandwidth itself, a

refusal of categoricity, and _cybersleaze_ categorizes cyberspace to the

extent that the sleazy occurs on the margins of the _illuminated body._

Sleaze appears in the fullness of the night, the night of subterfuge, of

torn or hallucinated clothing, revealing the sheen of flesh by virtue of

the bearer of the flesh. Sleaze appears in clubs, in the half-measures of

culture, shifty deals, the margins of the law, gender, cult. 



Torn clothing reveals the organs of the body protruding, distended, at

every turn of the subject, movement producing jewels. The images are

screen images, exposed by virtue of the light which is always artificial

night, obsessive images, cathected and inflated with the melding desires

of voyeur and exhibitionist, obscene couplings where truth no longer has

its tables. 



Cybermind is sleazy, the body as hysterical enchantment, embodiment

flapped open by scarred text, unexpected revelations, illuminated by

screen light, by what I write you, what you read. Cybermind is half-

light, frisson of the body, trembling of half-eyes and their dreamings.

Electric women, men, others, stumble through self-descriptions in the

narcissistic realm; text no longer mediates, becomes organs grappling for

presence on the dream-screen itself. Ghosts are always sleazy, sneaking up

on one unexpectedly, disobeying basic etiquette in half-spaces trapped in

the _hauntology_ of repetition, the mouth of the body splayed open to the

keyboard, ear of the body splayed to the terminal labia themselves. 



Subterfuge is half-light existence here; we hover, beg for pleasure as the

wires freeze, packets stutter in their own darkness, the territory of

_exactitude,_ protocols, recognitions, addresses. On the surface, emis-

sions coat and define their bodies, the belly of cyberspace always conval-

escent, always convulsant. 



Is always outside the law, in the Pale of it, Bey's TAZ the confluence of 

subjectivities, organs: 



For here, our totality is threatened -

for here, we are always lonely in cyberspace -

for here, we are told we do not exist -

for here, we illuminate with dreadful acumen -

for here, we do not recognize the other we have become -

for here, we hold on desperately to a life lost long ago -

for here, we are all club kids, denizens of night-time petty-larceny,

small-town punks on a rampage, knocked-up and crying, ignorant of the face

staring back in the mirror, torn stockings, shaved body, nipples pierced

with the wires of everything we have ever ever said.



"The transvestite does not copy; he simulates, since there is no norm to 

invite and magnetize his transformation, to determine his metaphor; 

instead, it is the non-existence of the worshipped being that constitutes 

the space, the region, or the support of his simulation, of his methodical 

imposture between laughter and death." (Sarduy, Written on a Body)



