





Mayakovsky and Lili in Love



...



April 1918, Mayakovsky to Lili



 Dear but hardly sweet to me Lilik!

 Why don't you write me a single word? I've sent you three letters and I 

haven't had a line in reply.

 Is four hundred miles really so much?

 You shouldn't do this, my child. It doesn't suit you!

 Please write, I get up every day with the melancholy thought: "What's up 

with Lilya?"

 Don't forget that besides you I don't need anything and nothing 

interests me.

 I love you.

 I escape in the kinemo. I've put an awful lot of effort inti it.

 My eyes ache, the scum.

 Next Monday I'm going in for an operation. They're going to cut my nose 

and throat. When (if!) you see me, I'll be all neat and clean and newly 

repaired. A steam-engine straight out of the shed!

 The cinematograph people say my acting skill is unprecedented. They 

tempt me with speeches, glory and money. 

 If you don't write me again it'll be clear that as far as you're 

concerned I've croaked, and I'll start getting myself kitted out with a 

little grave and some worms. So write!

 I kiss you

		 your Volodya

 I kiss Osya!

 Regards to Shura and Jacques.





April 1918, Lili to Mayakovsky



 Dear little puppy, I haven't forgotten you.

 I miss you terribly and I want to see you.

 I'm ill: every day I have a temperature of 38; my lungs are ruined.

 The weather's very good and I go out a lot.

 I'm envious of you with your filming - Yakov Lvovich promised to get me 

into the cinematograph too.

 I've got some very pretty new things. I've papered my room with black 

and gold wallpaper; I've put a red damask curtain on the door. This all 

sounds luxurious, and it really is rather pretty.

 I'm in a dreadful mood because of my health. To cheer myself up I've 

bought some red stockings, and I put them on when no one can see - very

jolly!!

 After the operation, if you feel all right and if you want to - come and 

visit. You can stay with us.

 I terribly love getting your letters, and I terribly love you. I never 

take your ring off, and I've hung up your photograph in a frame.

 Write to me and come and visit, only don't put your operation off in 

order to do so.

 I embrace you, Volodenka, my child, and I kiss you

				Lilya





( Vladimir Mayakovsky, Love is the Heart of Everything, Correspondence 

between Vladimir Mayakovsky and Lili Brik 1915-1930, ed. Jangfeldt )





