





Double Rotation and None at All





From various sources it became clear to me that the body itself presents 

paradoxes difficult to portray in cyberspace. In particular, there is the 

"plate trick" related to the "spinor spanner" it is here that a quantum- 

mechanical property touches on the macro-world, RL, in an easy demonstra- 

tion. If I hold a plate on my palm, I can rotate the plate 720 degrees, 

during which my arm returns to the original position. From Francis, A 

Topological Picturebook: "Half way, your arm will have one full twist in 

it, which disappears, as you continue twisting your arm in the same way. 

Another version of this phenomenon was popularized by Dirac and explained 

by M.H.A. Newman with the help of braids. Dirac used it to illustrate how 

the Lie group SO(3) of rotations in 3-space is doubly covered by the 

group S^3 of unit length quaternions." And in Silverman, More than One 

Mystery, Explorations in Quantum Interference, "All physicists at some 

time during their study of the quantum theory of angular momentum 

undoubtedly encounter the seemingly peculiar property of spinors that a 

rotation of 4pi, rather than 2pi, radians is required to return them to 

their original state. A rotation of 2pi radians [a full turn (A.S.)], 

which intuitively ought to correspond to no rotation at all, multiplies 

the spinor wave function by -1, or equivalently by the phase factor 

e^(i*pi)." 



I don't claim to understand all of this, but am disturbed and fascinated 

that the plate trick results in a _continuous rotational motion_ of the 

plate in the same direction, while the arm returns to the resting state 

over and over again. This defies "common sense," which insists that, with 

the plate held securely, it could only rotate a slight amount before the 

arm becomes hopelessly twisted.



In fact this 720 degrees or 4pi revolution is a fundamental property of 

space related to the quaternions, a system of "imaginary numbers" which 

interlock beautifully. You will find much on this in Kauffman's Knots and 

Physics, as well as his On Knots, which is somewhat simpler; at least I 

can follow most of it.



Still what's amazing is, to use that word again, the _obdurate_ nature of 

the trick, defying common-sense logic, and revealing a property of funda- 

mental particles. Dirac's spinor spannor is a similar demonstration, 

connecting a spanner tool with three cords to two parallel walls; it is 

possible to create a continuous rotation of the tool without the cords 

becoming increasingly tangled. Silverman's book shows a nice diagram of a 

neutron beam with the required 4pi property, contributing to our sense of 

eeriness of lived space, that all is not quite what it seems to be...



