





Disturbance of Body in cybermind, cock jewel, shaft of braided gold







Sheathed up in cyberspace, melancholic warriors; the Norwegian Runic Poem 

speaks of armored warriors, objects and encrustations:



Ur er af illu jarne;            Dross comes from bad iron;

 opt l0ypr raeinn a hjarne      oft runs the raindeer on frozen snow.

...

Oss er flaestra faertha         Estuary is the way of most journeys;

 for; en skalpr er svaertha     a scabbard of swords.



Raeith kvetha rossom vaesta;    Riding's the worst for horses;

 Reginn slo svaerthet baezta    Regin forged the finest sword.

...

Tyr er asinendr asa;            Tyr is one-handed god;

 opt vaerthr smithr blasa       often must the smith blow.

...

Logr er, faellr or fjalle       Waterfall falls from the mountain-side

 foss; en gull ero nosser       Ornaments are of gold.





Taliesin as well (In Praise of Cynan, trans. Clancy):



Cynan, war's bulwark, 

Poured on me prizes, 

For his fame is not false, 

Manor's great master. 

A hundred swift steeds, 

Silver their trappings, 

Hundred heather-hued cloaks 

Cut equally long, 

Hundred armlets in my lap 

And fifty brooches, 

A sword, jewelled sheath, 

Gold-hilted, none better: 

These came from Cynan; 

No wrath could one see! 

...





And in Sarduy's Written on a Body, Giancarlo Marmori's Storia di Vous is

described. "As Francois Wahl explains, Vous, the protagonist, is 'pro-

gressively dispossessed of her body, which is transformed little by little

into a _thing_ by the strange ornaments that are gradually encrusted on

it, making it impossible for her to move at all.'" Sarduy states, "The

officiants, the goldsmiths, will keep adorning, encrusting her with

strange jewels, setting her with stones and metals, until she is immobile,

asphyxiated. The ceremony has no meaning other than the horror of the

void, the confused proliferation of signs, the reduction of a body to a

baroque fetish"... 





Glittering jewels, monstrance, chalice, simultaneous profusion and disso- 

lution of inscriptions, carvings into the flesh soldered in the form of 

tourmaline crystals, spelling out the name of Clara Hielo Internet:



The chalice of Antioch in fact. Everywhere the body is sutured, covered 

with language, scars, penetrations, burnt flesh where the sword tips in, 

bleeding cock where the sword comes out. The surface is frozen, 

brilliant, _brilliant,_ reflecting and splintering the universe within 

redshift 5: EVERYTHING DRIFTS.



Me, I lie naked, shaved and splayed, the last fringe of hair razored from

the text, last shadow gone from the body like the body's shade;  dully, I

glisten white and wide beneath the full moon, coming to you with a dull

translucency of being melted against matter's hardness. 



You read me, unornamented at last, my holes and crevices, the first and 

last opening into the return of speech (like the return of the repressed) 

to the inchoate. The tubes into me, mouth, nose, penis, anus, become a 

library of decodings; my face remains on the outside of the hollows, 

tipping towards the void. I can't see into me and I can't be me. _I can't 

see into me and I can't be me._



It is the _primordial history of flesh,_ the loss of time like a loss of 

money, the lurid distended into the last text, read with rigour mortis:

I am your sheathe, your gold come from bad-iron. I no longer speak in 

this space, mouth pierced with swords, body rendered from itself: 





_I signify._





"When I burnt the bodies, Shelley's heart was not consumed when other

portions of the body were. In drowning, the blood rushes to the heart; 

and the heart of Shelley was gorged with blood, so it was no miracle that

it would not burn. Ultimately I gave the heart to his wife, and she

inconsiderately gave it to Leigh Hunt, and some years ago it was given to

Sir Percy Shelley by the Hunts. Mr Barnett Smith says the heart was buried

in Rome. It never was in Rome, and it is now at Boscombe, and, for any-

thing I know to the contrary, in an ornamental urn on the mantel-shelf." 

(Edward John Trelawny, Records of Shelley, Byron, and the Author)





