



Having Moored, Having been Moored


I can't ever come to grips in being in love in this medium; I don't know 
how you do it. I feel tears and laughter, feel the world give out from 
under me, sleep dreaming of a face I have never seen. I am surrounded by 
vaginal walls pulsating with secret codes I can never decipher; when I 
want to be silent, I am forced to speak, to continue to speak, to express 
silence. And you are always so far away, as if I am contaminated within a 
circle with a radius of 500 miles; nothing is within shouting distance. 
Further, there is always the Other, as if you could never love me, were 
you completely detached, emptied of commitments, available as they say. 
So I surmise you come to me out of boredom, dissatisfaction, something 
twisted in your life and in mine, and what could emerge from that but 
more pain, more twisting, among the three of us? It is not as if I lived 
across the street in a wooden apartment, comfortable with myself, excited 
to see the lights go on in your flat when you arrive. I'm an absent wit- 
ness, nothing more than that, a voice, a witticism. I am no help to you; 
your lover or husband or ex-lover arrives, turns over in his sleep, calls 
your name concretely within hearing distance; no matter what, your hand 
reaches out in return, perhaps dead skin against dead skin, but the 
pressure is there and the memory of pleasure.

What do I have to offer you against that? Nothing but voices, whispers of 
commitment, promises given alone in cold rooms facing glass screens, the 
harboring of reality being just that, peninsular. I am no force, no 
matter how much love is exchanged, how many promises. I am nothing to you 
but a presentiment; I can't be anything else, and surely, you say, I 
cannot expect you to act simply on the tenor of a voice? 

Falling towards the ocean, I become more entangled, a Sargasso sea lost 
in its absence of moorings. Five hundred miles away, I imagine you with 
your lover, a small white sailboat with clean sails bobbing in the waves. 
Or that even the boat is drowning, lost forever, sinking like volcanic 
ash obliterating everything before it, it matters little; there is no 
between for the two of us, nothing but waves, not even the ruins of death.

It is safe for you at five hundred miles, safe to be vulnerable, safe to 
open and close yourself in the midst of an epistolary novel. I am 
weakened, lost. There is no other other. There is nothing in my life that 
has ever happened, and there is nothing that will ever happen. All your 
life you have happened without me, and will for all of your life.

I am no longer in the sea, but of the sea, drowning in itself. I have no 
names for this, no names for you, returning, having never left. Antigone, 
I bury myself.


