




Eternal Love in Cybermind





How can I write you before I write you? I think only of telling truth,

disbelieving its inchoate impossibility. Our life together has covered

our bodies with language, sharp daggers of sex, constriction of the

shaft, the nipple, clitoris; everything defines by lag, deferrment,

manumission. My words obey your words, my fingers your fingers. Do you

write a story or displacement of organs, the linking of knots, and

cybermind is a borromean structure, any ring undoing the w/hole. Those

images that appear, appear constantly, and they inhabit love; narcis-

sistic at the core, they reflect the body's longing for itself made

w/hole again. (Being your hole, being whole.)



The phenomenology of cyberspace is not one-hand jerking, not dirty 

words - those, too, but the uncanny body-double conjuring love out of

thin and dirtied air, full tawdry histories. Mutually, we control each

other's fantasies of masturbation, bringing the dominance and freedom

of the other, the contractual, the borromean into play. _There are no

safe words and each and every word is a safe word,_ shattering contract

if necessary, unravelling what we have agreed to ravel. There is always

a _binding_ in cybermind, the hieroglyphic of the body asserting itself

through the addition of a new symbol/ic, a grapheme withdrawn from the

continuous production of text.



For text in cybersex is always one of dissolution, collapse, speaking 

the debris, materia ejecta, which corrodes every symbolic. It is the 

closest one can com/e to langue, to tongue, a movement always in escape 

in abeyance, feminin ecriture, mouths and labia touching, opening to one 

another. As long as we speak, our breath is closing in, we fasten/ate, 

devour each other, the immediacy of words transformed into sound. 

Through text, my cock is silent speaking, through text, your cunt is

breathed reply.



(This is the edge of every text, one-hand jerking on the keys.)



---



How can I know you intimately, that scar on your clitoris, the exact 

shape of your nipples, and you in return familiar with the exact 

contours of the ridge between my penis and anus? The appearance of love

blossoms in the secrecy of revelation, the intensification of nodes

between the two of us, yet we do not know each other's taste and smell,

middle names, the flick of light on a shoulder as the sun comes in the

early-morning window. We are trapped in our longing, the mesmeric qual-

ity of this space, we are drowned in it.



Typing to you late at night, I am tied to you, obeying your every word.

Typing to you late at night, I am distended, ferocious, obsequious, an

actor in a play desperate to write his lines upon her body in his mind.

Unravelling me, you shall never see the results inscribed in lines of

sweat, claw-marks across my breasts, liquid everywhere across my body.



And typing to you late at night, we are always already returning to 

ourselves, and out of the true appearance of loneliness we construct 

the semblance of eternal love.



