





Eyes Closed and Speaking -x-x-

  



Towards the end of Merlin's prophecy, recorded by Geoffrey of Monmouth, 

we read:



"A grievous mortality shall sweep away the people, and the walls of 

cities shall be made desolate. There shall be given for a remedy the city 

of Claudius, which shall interpose the nurse of the scourger. For she 

shall bear a dose of medicine, and in a short time the island shall be 

restored. Then shall two successively sway the sceptre, whom a horned 

dragon shall serve. One shall come in armour, and shall ride upon a flying 

serpent. He shall sit upon his back with his naked body, and cast his 

right hand upon his tail. With his cry shall the seas be moved, and he 

shall strike terror into the second. The second therefore shall enter 

into the confederacy with the lion; but a quarrel happening, they shall 

encounter one another. They shall distress one another, but the courage 

of the beast shall gain the advantage.



Then shall one come with a drum, and appease the rage of the lion. 

Therefore shall the people of the kingdom be at peace, and provoke the

lion to a dose of physic. In his established seat he shall adjust the

weights, but shall stretch out his hands into Albania. For which reason

the northern provinces shall be grieved, and open the gates of the

temples. The sign-bearing wolf shall lead his troops, and surround

Cornwall with his tail. He shall be opposed by a soldier in a chariot, who

shall transform that people into a boar. The boar shall therefore ravage

the provinces, but shall hide his head in the depth of Severn. A man shall

embrace a lion in wine, and the dazzling brightness of gold shall blind

the eyes of beholders. Silver shall whiten in the circumferance, and

torment several wine presses. Men shall be drunk with wine, and,

regardless of heaven, shall be intent upon the earth. From them shall the

stars turn away their faces, and confound their usual course. Corn will

wither at their malign aspects; and there shall fall no dew from heaven. 



The roots and branches will change their places, and the novelty of the 

thing shall pass for a miracle. The brightness of the sun shall fade at 

the amber of Mercury, and horror shall seize the beholders. Stilbon of 

Arcadia shall change his shield; the helmet of Mars shall call Venus. The 

helmet of Mars shall make a shadow; and the rage of Mercury pass his 

bounds. Iron Orion shall unsheath his sword: the marine Phoebus shall 

torment the clouds; Jupiter shall go out of his lawful paths; and Venus 

forsake her stated lines."



Ending with: "The seas shall rise up in the twinkling of an eye, and the 

dust of the ancients shall be restored. The winds shall fight together 

with a dreadful blast, and their sound shall reach the stars."



Apparently Merlin "caused in all that were present an admiration at the 

ambiguity of his expressions." But Vortigern wanted more, and heard his 

own fate recited.



Clara Hielo Internet, back from the northern state of Chihuahua, reports

on Merlin's use of compressed narrative, so typical of oracular speech; 

beyond that, she notes, the symbols clash, drag one another into the

clearing: where there is nothing but room, there is no room at all. Men

and women closed their eyes and Venus or Mars played upon their eyelids; 

hysterically affected, they twisted under the onslaught of mute metaphor -

a language conjured, sloughed out of the world's things, the first, stum-

bling over itself, the assignment of occlusions to desperate or inimical

measures. 



The measure of the eyelid is the measure of the cave or cyberspace, the

world always already fallen when it is told so. The _cartoon_ is the 

sign of the world, the sign's horizon, unreachable debris. The cartoon is 

the world gone awry in the face of the symbol; the oracle was the first 

cartoon, which still (Mickey Mouse) carries something (Donald Duck) 

prophetic (Krazy Kat) about it. This is why cartoons anger us, draw us 

within their stumbled power. This is why clowns, clawing the world apart, 

beg us to kill them.



