





Merlin Ties the Threads Together -o-o-





From Geoffrey of Monmouth again:



"Upon this the messengers hastened to the governor of the city and ordered 

him, in the king's name, to send Merlin and his mother to the king. As 

soon as the governor understood the occasion of their message, he readily 

obeyed the order, and sent them to Vortigern to complete his design. When 

they were introduced into the king's presence, he received the mother in 

a very respectful manner, on account of her noble birth; and began to 

inquire of her by what man she had conceived.



"'My sovereign lord,' said she, 'by the life of your soul and mine, I 

know nobody that begot him of me. Only this I know, that as I was once 

with my companions in our chambers, there appeared to me a person in the 

shape of a most beautiful young man, who often embraced me eagerly in his 

arms and kissed me; and when he had stayed a little time, he suddenly 

vanished out of my sight. But many times after this he would talk with me 

when I sat alone, without making any visible appearance. When he had a 

long time haunted me in this manner, he at last lay with me several times 

in the shape of a man, and left me with child. And I do affirm to you, my 

sovereign lord, that excepting that young man, I know no body that begot 

him of me.'"



Later, Maugantius explains: "'In the books of our philosophers, and in a 

great many histories, I have found that several men have had the like 

original. For, as Apuleius informs us in his book concerning the Demon of 

Socrates, between the moon and th earth inhabit those spirits, which we 

will call incubuses. These are of the nature partly of men, and partly of 

angels, and whenever they please assume human shapes, and lie with women. 

Perhaps one of them appeared to this woman, and begot that young man of 

her.'"



Now this all occurs mythologically around c.e. 477, but who are we to 

question the authenticity of what so clearly constitutes a cyber-romance 

with attendant consequences? As the telecommunications membrane grows 

across the planet, specters appear (re. Derrida), disappear, repeat them- 

selves; they carry desire with them, our own reflected through the 

matrix. It is ourselves we see in the screen, our projections sloughed 

into cartoon/clown cyberspace (see previous post), entangled in the 

mythos of Honey, Tiffany, Clara Hielo Internet. We bring Merlin into 

being through the year c.e. 477, our neighbor. Every year is our neighbor 

- every year entwines us around its history, which is of our making. What 

is clear in this account, that the "young man" had a modem.



