





The Oracular, Death and Mourning in Cyberspace, Veronica of Truth





The speaking of it brings the body close to the things of the earth: It

starts and stops with the body. It is never a reproduction, but a touch

of yarrow-sticks: "Woe to the red dragon, for his banishment hasteneth 

on. His lurking holes shall be siezed (sic) by the white dragon, which 

signifies the Saxons whom you invited over; but the red denotes the 

British nation, which shall be oppressed by the white. Therefore shall 

its mountains be levelled as the valleys, and the rivers of the valleys 

shall run with blood." (Beginning of Merlin's Prophecy in Geoffrey of 

Monmouth.)



The poetic starts and stops with the body; the final run of language is 

to: Get the _things out of it_!



...



If prophecy is already the feed-forward of earth, the will-have-been, 

then, caught within its skein, the act of mourning for one's own death 

co-exists with the project of speech itself. I mourn the past of my own 

death which is brought to me. In prophecy, the future has never been a 

future; more than an announcement, it forecloses with the expulsion of 

the body's speech.



"The exercise of religion shall be destroyed, and churches be laid open to

ruin. At last the oppressed shall prevail, and oppose the cruelty of

foreigners. For a boar of Cornwall shall give his assistance, and trample

their necks under his feet." Merlin's terms become those of the antiquar-

ian, countermanding the terms in which they are stated. A period of incom-

prehensible longing sets in, one which sallies forth through Tennyson,

Dungeons and Dragons, MUDs and MOOs, into every corner of cyberspace, Doom

and doomed, where the voice that whispers is our own. 



For it is the _prophetic_ that cybermind hears, the always already fragile

disappearance of language, our own mortality in the sad and languorous

fate of our posts. Each one prophesizes, becomes and represents, _expendi-

ture,_ a fiscal economy based on an inert impossible substance existing

only within the future recipient. With every post, the death of the writer

/death of the reader is announced as a _curlicue_ or diacritical sign, and

someday there will be nothing but silence in the midst of broken letters.

("In question is a spectralizing disincarnation. Apparition of the bodi-

less body of money: not the lifeless body or the cadaver, but a life

without personal life or individual property." Derrida, Specters of Marx.)



Merlin knew all of that always already, the vagaries of his words encom-

passing the world and its uneasy abutment of objects difficult to

swallow. But Merlin has disappeared, like ourselves and our words, and

this is nothing more than the _matter_ of the shifting of proper names.

... "Menevia shall put on the pall of the City of Legions, and a preacher

of Ireland shall be dumb on account of an infant growing in the womb. It

shall reign a shower of blood, and a raging famine shall afflict mankind." 

... "There shall be a most grievous punishment of men, that the natives 

may be restored."



The restoration appears through the _agency_ of Search-Engine Veronica,* 

shape-riding the gophers into the antagonisms of sexuality, allusion, and 

death. In bull-fighting, "La Veronica": "The Veronicas are always used 

_for the purpose of calculating the bull's action._ The veronica executed 

holding the Cape in both hands and bringing the bull to charge close to 

his body. It is one of the oldest movements of the bull-fight. It can be 

given with the feet close together or slightly separated; the latter is 

called "with the open compass." (sic, and "con el compas abierto" - 

italics mine.) And in bull-fighting, "Media Veronica," half Veronica: 

"The groups of veronicas performed by the matador are usually ended with 

a half veronica; it is similar in all to the veronica except in its final 

tempo in which the hand that guides the bull in his way out, after the 

charge, gets near the body almost touching the other hand, thus closing 

the cape which is no longer ready for another veronica." (sic) ("Una 

Corrida de Toros con fragicas a colores.")



The interplay/dance of the Veronica is the calculation of substance/bull

and sign/cape, or the torsion between matador/cape/bull, the _calculation_

of the sign in the face of death, the sign already the sign of mourning,

the cancellation of the future. The Veronica has the auspices of the

portent, the calculation of the chaotic future. The sign outlasts the bull

just as signifier and transfiguration outlast death itself. One last cry 

from the wounded Merlin: "The fox of Kaerdubalem shall take revenge on 

the lion, and destroy him entirely with her teeth. She shall be 

encompassed by the adder of Lincoln, who with a horrible hiss shall give 

notice of his presence to a multitude of dragons. Then shall the dragons 

encounter, and tear one another to pieces. The winged shall oppress that 

which wants wings, and fasten its claws into the poisonous cheeks. Others 

shall come into the quarrel, and kill one another. A fifth shall succeed 

those that are slain, and by various strategems shall destroy the rest.



"He shall get upon the back of one with his sword, and sever his head 

from his body. Then throwing off his garment, he shall get upon another, 

and put his right and left hand upon his tail. Thus being naked shall he 

overcome him, whom when clothed he was not able to deal with."

--



*Veronica, an Internet tool which searches gopher directories and data- 

bases.



