==


damaged life


someone dies, it's a movement of the lips: language of tune or song,
language of truth. for when someone dies, there is the sign of speech,
and that is about it. and when this happens, there is always an absence,
always one less shadow to contend with. and you will try and bring back
that shadow in as many ways as possible, fill in the outlines, until the
world outside begins to change as well. and when that happens, there
will be no place for the shadow, there will be nothing but emptiness,
and for a while there will be images and things and names. and then the
images and things and names will disappear as well, and you will know
all of this because you will be on the cusp of the shadow. you will see
someone slipping away into the shadow. you will see the shadow growing
faint, but you will not see the background coming forward, as if there
were translucency; instead, there will be a faintness, and the buzz of
the world everywhere, louder and louder, as if you are being drowned.
and for you the world will consist of such drownings, you will be gasp-
ing for the sound of air, for the pleasure of a breath. and you will
know at this very moment that the cusp is permanent, that the world is
constituted by such cusps, that, for you, the world rasps against
itself, that this is the nature of the world. for something familiar is
gone forever, and the new things that appear around you are increasingly
uncanny, on the other of the fantasm; it is as if they were intent on
corroding whatever has been real. and it will be their triumph in the
very long run; there will be only fantasms and then there will be
nothing at all, and no deaths, not even slow churnings. but you cannot
imagine that, so you will continue to sing the language of truth, as if
this language, this singing, were a consideration, and you are dreaming
when you think, as long as there is breath. but what the world is, what
the world always is, is louder and louder, and increasing buzz. and
there is no room for thinking the death for which you are witness; there
is buzz alone, and nothing can be thought, not now, not forever. (i will
think of this when i write this, when i send this missive to you, as a
flood of words, as a memorial to an other time, as a memorial to times
in which deaths occurred, which seemed to be remembered.)


