==


Act of Mourning: Exhaust While Mother Dies


diary exhausted and worried about the pace I'm keeping - but then trying
to work diary nerve-wracking exhaustion; we're supposed to go to Pennsyl-
vania to see my diary tice I repeat myself in this diary - issues of
exhaustion, worry, prepar- diary Tue Oct 19 201441 EDT 1999 I want to
write about exhaustion, this almost diary as usual, exhausted as usual,
moody as usual. Been reading Giorgio Agam- diary provincialism, exhaus-
tion, ennui, and a tiny corner of the world that diary exhaustion seems
literally completely, my body _bone_ tired. diary I am very exhausted.
I'm looking at a book of Japanese emaki, picture diary fantasy, exhaus-
tion is very very real. I tremble; my muscles ache. I can diary point of
exhaustion. Right now the loft is absolutely quiet; there is diary
extending the idea clumsily, as if I can no longer think, too exhausted
diary of things, trying not to forget anything. It's been exhausting. No
real diary rising and falling, staying awake, feeling dizzy, getting
exhausted again, diary of that, I will die from exhaustion if I resonate
in such a fashion, I diary of Kanji, trying to memorize things. The
difficulties have exhausted me; diary have nothing to say, have exhausted
myself. My interests range from the diary well. So went back online to
Trace, all this exhausting, and I am there diary until the exhaustion
ends - by January 3 once again, we'll be full deep diary too deeply
exhausted to say anything intelligent but wonder if I'm fever- diary in
with his wife. My exhaustion has deepened which worries me. I wrote to
diary I can be of use without exhausting myself. diary to be the result
of exhaustion; the last few days, the nightmares have diary twilight zone
and get tired of exhausted or grown-up friends. Reading diary control -
just completely exhausted, compounded by the usual worries about le sleep;
always exhausted, my judgamant ls not of tha bast. Thls ls my world le My
writing veers through tired Jennifer, exhausted Nikuko, worn-out Julu, lf
I am very exhausted. I'm looking at a book of Japanese emaki, picture lf
fantasy, exhaustion is very very real. I tremble; my muscles ache. I can
lf ly to exist as a token for the diffused or exhausted, the turbulent.
Nei- lg 10344 Nikuko lies exhausted on a blanket wearing a pink tutu lh (
nikuko lies on the couch, naked, her body twitching, exhausting from lh
ennui, out of exhaustion and detumescence, out of irritation lh warmer;
Nikuko, exhausted, fell back down into a deep sleep, enlightened, lh
exhausts itself, everyone is exhausted. lh exhaustion, as if waking from
dreaming to work. returning to dream, or lh the torii, and seemed exhaus-
ted. Nikuko said, Look, it sees no land, even lh end of allocated block,
memory exhausted, memory exhausted, memory is lh Why can't I sleep? I walk
around exhausted every day. I'm like a zombie; memory exhausted sleep pos-
sible, the exhaustion without bounds. Alan tries sleep remedy neurotic and
insomniac typing away exhausted at a midnight computer


