==


ghosts


if there were ghosts, they'd be hammering at our doors, all hours of the
day and night. at least half the ghosts would have reasons to seek us out,
beg us for a moment's contact, set things right again. signs of contact
would be everywhere, and the world would be in the throes of constant mur-
muring. it would not be so perfect on the other side as to lead to aband-
onment.

that atmosphere itself would be filled with shimmers for all to see. oh
mother you would answer my tears. sickness would be accompanied by slight
touches, the slightest, so welcoming and comforting. you would know you
would live long after. there would be but the slightest of smiles behind
every frown.

those who were ill-disposed towards others would be visited by wrathful
ghosts. we should not be so ill-disposed. they would interfere with us in
all our daily lives. exhortations would come from all sides. our bewild-
erment would be at the bequest of others. we would turn to ghosts. we
would be so careful because there would always be ghosts around. ghosts
could not hid, there would be so many. we would turn towards kindly
ghosts.

we would see those ghosts. we would hear those ghosts. ghosts of men and
women, ghosts of plants and animals and children, ghosts of bacteria and
of all the kingdoms of organisms on this and every other place in our
universe. we would see and hear and touch and smell those ghosts of all
creatures and all worlds; we would sense their heat and our minds would
welcome them and fear them.

think of the ghosts of half-formed seas, ghosts of algal mats, ill-formed
ghosts, ghosts of our ancestors generation upon generation. think of our
imminent ghosts, ghosts of our mothers and fathers, friends and siblings,
murmuring, leaving traces, populating the air, waves of ghosts, hordes of
ghosts. think of ghosts interpenetrating ghosts, the flowing of ghosts
through walls and doors, ceilings and floors; we would turn kindly towards
kindly ghosts, and fearful towards wrathful ghosts, and who among us would
know the consequences of all our actions and thoughts in these our lives?

if there were ghosts, they would be calling for us, and all of us would
respond, would yearn for that freedom from daily care, worries, sickness,
and deaths, that haunt us so.

fictions of the flowing of ghosts, poems of their translucency.


