==


The Following from the diary texts:


Monday the 27th towards evening; my mother should be all right, the pet-
scan came out negative, meaning the cancer is just in the lungs and ad-
renal gland. Hopefully the surgery a week from now will take care of
things; it's been a harrowing period. I'm still working on renegading
texts from the misc. directory - writing them from notes, from pieces of
things.

Tue Oct  5 23:12:43 EDT 1999 right now when I begin to write; I've been
worried about my mother all day long, the operation was a success, there
may be trouble with her lymph nodes and I'm upset, we won't have the
results until Friday.

Tomorrow we find out the _condition_ of my mother, what the tests will
show, the biopsies, etc., and I'm unable to sleep or think properly. On
top of this, I pulled my neck out a few days ago, and can't keep my head
upright - I'm more aware than ever of the _weight of the nub_ that char-
acterizes the top of the body. So I've been using a heating pad, taking
(at night late) tylenol, etc., trying to take of the problem - which
doesn't seem to be working.

Sun Oct 10 00:09:15 EDT 1999 Just turning, the news from my family has
suddenly reversed as well, my mother getting better, health on the way for
real. And I'm confused in the face of my traditional pessimisms but glad
I'm proved for wrong for once.

My family is getting healthier, but we've been dealing with very heavy
other problems today, and on top of that I feel physically ill. I think
it's one of my periodic body failures screaming at me to slow down...

now the 18th of this month of December and a dark night / flurries out
in deed. Everything I do ends with ellipsis and regret.

Life is suffering existence, existence is life suffering, but without nir-
vana or satori, there are desolate plains at the very end, and desolate
planets. Here I can say it, she's dying, I can say it here, near the end
of the diary, through my tears, it may be a few months more. There were
phonecalls all over the place tonight. I can't think straight. I was going
to write intelligently here, but I can't. I can't write intelligently
about much of anything.

We had ups and downs for months and months now, at least since the end of
August. It's been awful. Cancer spreads like violent animals hysteric and
rabid, coursing wherever they can, inordinately stupid animals, brainless
and without a thought. Cancer falls to the weakest failing organs. Cancer
is attacked by equally violent and all-encompassing onslaught; the body is
caught between therapies and dis/ease and there's no escape.

I feel jobless, unstable, caught with these miseries, too much to deal
with at the moment. Things will straighten out; I expect myself to be 
alive a year from now, say. But it's a question of always crawling,
crawling.

You're born into brilliance and wonder in the world with your mouth open
for the breast and your eyes learning the amazing senses that can be made
of flows and fluids, and you live through incredible hardenings and the
naming of things and occurrences. You skip and throw balls and these
things, THINGS make parabolas in the sky that your arm adjusts to. You can
search out holes and the levels beneath things - tables, couches. You
stare at the sun case you're not supposed to and you walk away unblinded.

I want always already to return to the beginning, start anew, without
these regrets, somehow with an incredible / impossible knowledge, so that
I will avoid pitfalls, hurting myself and others, mainly hurting myself,
knowing the impossibility of that, everything hard like rocks and stones
are hard, obdurate, transparent to the dark matter of the cosmos

For we are all blown skeins of ghosts looking at other ghosts here and
elsewhere, desperate to hold onto the ontology of the proper name, those
very few moments of exhileration we're privileged to hold onto in our
lives. And in the meantime, we're hurting, hurting, hurling towards a
common destination.

Tue Feb 29 23:50:48 EST 2000 And we shall close this down so very soon,
and my mother, my mother -

Tue Feb 29 23:57:10 EST 2000 Just a few minutes to go on the residency and
I'm typing away, most of what I'm feeling is in regard to this and my
mother's illness, which has taken a terrible turn for the worse. I keep
thinking, harping on that, wanting a nest like the starlings outside our
window... It's a way, as I said, to keep the demons at bay, not the
literal ones, but the feeling of such. I can't think straight; too much is
going on...


