==


humans


if there were humans, they'd be hammering at our doors, all hours of the
day and night. at least half the humans would have reasons to seek us out,
beg us for a moment's contact, set things right again. signs of contact
would be everywhere, and the world would be in the throes of constant mur-
muring. it would not be so perfect on the other side as to lead to aband-
onment.

that atmosphere itself would be filled with shimmers for all to see. oh
mother you would answer my tears. sickness would be accompanied by slight
touches, the slightest, so welcoming and comforting. you would know you
would live long after. there would be but the slightest of smiles behind
every frown.

those who were ill-disposed towards others would be visited by wrathful
humans. we should not be so ill-disposed. they would interfere with us in
all our daily lives. exhortations would come from all sides. our bewild-
erment would be at the bequest of others. we would turn to humans. we
would be so careful because there would always be humans around. humans
could not hid, there would be so many. we would turn towards kindly
humans.

we would see those humans. we would hear those humans. humans of men and
women, humans of plants and animals and children, humans of bacteria and
of all the kingdoms of organisms on this and every other place in our
universe. we would see and hear and touch and smell those humans of all
creatures and all worlds; we would sense their heat and our minds would
welcome them and fear them.

think of the humans of half-formed seas, humans of algal mats, ill-formed
humans, humans of our ancestors generation upon generation. think of our
imminent humans, humans of our mothers and fathers, friends and siblings,
murmuring, leaving traces, populating the air, waves of humans, hordes of
humans. think of humans interpenetrating humans, the flowing of humans
through walls and doors, ceilings and floors; we would turn kindly towards
kindly humans, and fearful towards wrathful humans, and who among us would
know the consequences of all our actions and thoughts in these our
lives?

if there were humans, they would be calling for us, and all of us would
respond, would yearn for that freedom from daily care, worries, sickness,
and deaths, that haunt us so.

fictions of the flowing of humans, poems of their opacity.


