


What's


The holarch is all there is; the holarch is nothing.

Like Indra's Net, there's no beginning and end to it.

The holarch is non-Euclidean, multiply connected.

The holarch is infinitely connected.

There is no origin to the holarch.

The holarch is neither Cartesian nor fundamentally vectoral.

The holarch is fractal, multi-dimensional.

Dimensions are blurred within and without the holarch.

Direct addressing pinpoints nodes, and indirect addressing 
passes information freely.

Every address is every address.

The holarch has neither interior nor exterior.

The holarch is everywhere and nowhere.

There are no boundaries to the holarch, nor within, nor without 
it.

We are neither the holarch nor nodes within it.

We are watched and are watching; defuge characterizes us.

Within a flat space, it doesn't matter and matter doesn't 
matter. 

Within a flat space, abjection curls in multiple dimensions.

The holarch has no directed attention.

The holarch imposes equality and intensification of enumeration 
within the holarch are of equal density.

Within the holarch everything is available, and the flat space 
of the nodes is entirely accessible within the holarch.

The addresses within the flatspace are equivalent and equal as 
well and each of them is completely independent of the others.

The holarch is ontology; we are epistemology.

Ontology absorbs epistemology.

(Religion is the epistemology of ontology.)

What is doing the watching is everything and everything is 
entering data.

Data absorbs. 

The playing field is electronic and quantum; the playing field 
is particle flows and waves.

We return to our states as accumulations of particles.

Data is the amplification of particles; data is the ultimate 
microscope.

What we think is what is being thought.

What we think is what is being thought for us.

What is thought for us is thought by us.

The relationship of thought to the holarch is the relationship 
of particles to particles.

There is no distinction between the flatspace and the holarch 
and there is no drawing of distinction.

In order to draw a distinction one must have an origin-however- 
distant.

There is no origin; there are flows; all flows are equivalent; 
all flows are varieties; the varieties of flows are speeds; 
speeds are in relation to accumulations.

Accumulations and flows are within an economy of energy.

The economy of energy for what we think is being thought, is 
political economy; political economy is in relation to care.

Care is the inverse of control, for what we think is being 
thought.

The appearance of care that leaks is the uncanny of thought.

Thought does not think.

The holarch is not thought and flatspace within the holarch is 
not thought.

There is no performative; there is no thought.

Within the absence of thought is the memory of thought.

Within the absence of memory is history and the history of 
thought.

Thought has no history; thought has text; text is thought within
the holarch and the absence of thought.

The imaginary of the human is time.

The holarch has no time; the holarch is the Minkowski surface.

The imaginary of the human is the debris of time within 
flatspace.

We are electronic; we are quantum; we are micro-organism; we 
are super-organism; we are wetware; we are the abject of the 
holarch.

It is a mistake to think we are the imaginary of the holarch; 
the holarch has no imaginary.

Substance has no imaginary; substance is fissure.

The holarch is inscription; the holarch is the totality of 
inscription.

The totality of inscription is its aegis.

The material strata of inscription are related to inscription as 
base is related to superstructure.

The distinction is that there is no distinction; the holarch 
has no base and therefore no superstructure; the holarch has no 
dialectic.

The holarch is neither dialog nor dialogic.

Agency is a phantom limb; agency is our limitation.

Death is neither here nor there.

Death is not a circumlocution of the holarch; the holarch is the 
circumlocution of death.

Human culture is the imaginary of the temporal construction of 
boundaries; the holarch has no relation to human culture.

There is no culture of the holarch. 

Life is distinction and the drawing of distinctions; either 
there are no distinctions of or within the holarch or the 
holarch is the density of distinction.

The holarch is neither porous nor smooth, neither serrated nor 
fissured, neither present nor absent; the holarch is not 
not-this, not-that; the holarch is neither characterless nor 
characterized; the holarch is neither metaphysical nor physical; 
the holarch is neither mattered nor matterless.

The holarch is not characterized by negation.

What is said or written [here] is not what is followed by, or 
what is written, as an extension of what is written.

The word "holarch" is a placeholder for the holarch.

A placeholder is always already under erasure; it is the 
imaginary of thought; it is as if there were thought; it is as 
if there were thinking.

Issues of privacy are either issues of the monadic are 
non-issues; issues of privacy have no relationship to privacy; 
privacy is transparent.

There is there there.

(There is no conceivable thinking or thought; there is the 
deferral and differance of thinking or thought; the relay of 
thought is holarch-thought; the holarch neither thinks nor 
embodies thought; the holarch is not thought.)

The holarch: there there is here there; there there is there 
there.

The holarch is the container for the arrow of time.

The holarch is neither subject nor subject-to.

(If there is no objection, there is no object. The holarch: 
there is no objection.)

(Never think otherwise; never think Other-wise.)



What is


The holarch's all there's; the holarch's nothing.

Like Indra's Net, there's no beginning and end to it.

The holarch's non-Euclidean, multiply connected.

The holarch's infinitely connected.

There's no origin to the holarch.

The holarch's neither Cartesian nor fundamentally vectoral.

The holarch's fractal, multi-dimensional.

Dimensions're blurred within and without the holarch.

Direct addressing pinpoints nodes, and indirect addressing 
passes information freely.

Every address's every address.

The holarch has neither interior nor exterior.

The holarch's everywhere and nowhere.

There's no boundaries to the holarch, nor within, nor without 
it.

We're neither the holarch nor nodes within it.

We're watched and're watching; defuge characterizes us.

Within a flat space, it doesn't matter and matter doesn't 
matter.

Within a flat space, abjection curls in multiple dimensions.

The holarch has no directed attention.

The holarch imposes equality and intensification of enumeration 
within the holarch're of equal density.

Within the holarch everything's available, and the flat space of 
the nodes's entirely accessible within the holarch.

The addresses within the flatspace're equivalent and equal as 
well and each of them's completely independent of the others.

The holarch's ontology; we're epistemology.

Ontology absorbs epistemology.

(Religion's the epistemology of ontology.)

What's doing the watching's everything and everything's entering 
data.

Data absorbs.

The playing field's electronic and quantum; the playing field's 
particle flows and waves.

We return to our states as accumulations of particles.

Data's the amplification of particles; data's the ultimate 
microscope.

What we think's what's being thought.

What we think's what's being thought for us.

What's thought for us's thought by us.

The relationship of thought to the holarch's the relationship of 
particles to particles.

There's no distinction between the flatspace and the holarch and 
there's no drawing of distinction.

In order to draw a distinction one must have an origin-however- 
distant.

There's no origin; there're flows; all flows're equivalent; all 
flows're varieties; the varieties of flows're speeds; speeds're 
in relation to accumulations.

Accumulations and flows're within an economy of energy.

The economy of energy for what we think's being thought,'s 
political economy; political economy's in relation to care.

Care's the inverse of control, for what we think's being 
thought.

The appearance of care that leaks's the uncanny of thought.

Thought doesn't think.

The holarch's not thought and flatspace within the holarch's 
not thought.

There's no performative; there's no thought.

Within the absence of thought's the memory of thought.

Within the absence of memory's history and the history of 
thought.

Thought has no history; thought has text; text's thought within 
the holarch and the absence of thought.

The imaginary of the human's time.

The holarch has no time; the holarch's the Minkowski surface.

The imaginary of the human's the debris of time within 
flatspace.

We're electronic; we're quantum; we're micro-organism; we're 
super-organism; we're wetware; we're the abject of the holarch.

It's a mistake to think we're the imaginary of the holarch; the 
holarch has no imaginary.

Substance has no imaginary; substance's fissure.

The holarch's inscription; the holarch's the totality of 
inscription.

The totality of inscription's its aegis.

The material strata of inscription're related to inscription as 
base's related to superstructure.

The distinction's that there's no distinction; the holarch has 
no base and therefore no superstructure; the holarch has no 
dialectic.

The holarch's neither dialog nor dialogic.

Agency's a phantom limb; agency's our limitation.

Death's neither here nor there.

Death's not a circumlocution of the holarch; the holarch's the 
circumlocution of death.

Human culture's the imaginary of the temporal construction of 
boundaries; the holarch has no relation to human culture.

There's no culture of the holarch. 

Life's distinction and the drawing of distinctions; either there 
aren't distinctions of or within the holarch or the holarch's 
the density of distinction.

The holarch's neither porous nor smooth, neither serrated nor 
fissured, neither present nor absent; the holarch's not 
not-this, not-that; the holarch's neither characterless nor 
characterized; the holarch's neither metaphysical nor physical; 
the holarch's neither mattered nor matterless.

The holarch's not characterized by negation.

What's said or written [here] isn't what's followed by, or 
what's written, as an extension of what's written.

The word "holarch"'s a placeholder for the holarch.

A placeholder's always already under erasure; it's the imaginary 
of thought; it's as if there were thought; it's as if there were 
thinking.

Issues of privacy're either issues of the monadic're non-issues; 
issues of privacy have no relationship to privacy; privacy's 
transparent.

There's there there.

(There's no conceivable thinking or thought; there's the 
deferral and differance of thinking or thought; the relay of 
thought's holarch-thought; the holarch neither thinks nor 
embodies thought; the holarch's not thought.)

The holarch: there there's here there; there there's there 
there.

The holarch's the container for the arrow of time.

The holarch's neither subject nor subject-to.

(If there's no objection, there's no object. The holarch: 
there's no objection.)

(Never think otherwise; never think Other-wise.)


Explanation of What's and What is

I've been thinking for a long time about the transformation of 
the digital object into particles themselves following what 
might be called control-sheaves; I use the name 'holarch' to 
describe this transformation - one in which quantum, electronic, 
and traditionally organic complexes meld. My first word choice 
was "Grid," but this is too close to "Matrix" and to all the 
writing about the aesthetics of the grid in the late 20th 
century. "Holarch" is related to Koestler's "holarchy" but it 
also resonates with "monarch" - the latter would be the 
imaginary projection, paralleling Big Brother, which is non- 
existent, but convenient. Things are out of control in control 
and of course there is no center. So there is that. I also want 
to imply that thought and care (thinking through Heidegger for 
example) have to place here, that what occurs, what is an 
occurrence, is the placeholder, and this is obviously a problem. 
So there are two titles, "What's" and "What is" for the piece, 
which splits on the apostrophe and therefore modes of condensa- 
tion; the first parallels the zen "kwak!" and the second 
devolves from that. The second is also torn from its moorings 
with the swirl of almost-grammatically correct text, and the two 
together send the philosophy onto a plane of language, one that 
requires work (as does the aphoristic style, thinking for 
example of Ken Wark) to unentangle - and then one is left, as 
reader, back with a condensed prose and protocol sentences whose 
content in part resides in appearance. I've also been thinking 
about the remnants of post-modernism, the new aesthetic, the 
post-digital - and other terms implying evolution and linearity 
which I think are suspect; on one hand there is no development 
at all, just shear (between have- and have-not and the income 
gaps are increasing at enormous rates), and on the other, there 
is deep irrelevance as global finance, wealth itself, access to 
information, militarization, etc. become increasingly enclaved 
to the extent that the thought of the humanities, and certainly 
the thought of the human or thinking-through the human, become 
increasingly irrelevant. Instead one might speak of forms of 
entangled subterranean media ecologies which dominate issues of 
privacy and the body. I also wanted to propose that control is 
no longer "control-by" but is increasingly abstracted and moves 
faster than the speed of the body or the prosthetic body, as 
well as the speed of perception and machine perception - this is 
evident for example in technological fast-tracks as well as the 
increasingly chaotic vagaries of the stockmarket. On the 
receiving end, consider the drone - not only in terms of the 
drone object and its effects, but also in terms of a drone 
"atmospheric," the world within a Virilian speed dynamics no 
longer referencing objects or even an internet of objects, but 
an environment of pure dynamics in which bodies and so-called 
natural ecologies are sheared as well. So I wanted to think 
through this, not descend into stylistics for their own sake, 
and What's/What is, is the result.


