
*/1996-98, 2014, Brooklyn, Halifax, Providence, Fukuoka
*/revised Halifax, 2014/*


The Case of the Real


The Beginning of the Book

Introduction to The Beginning of the Book

If there were an introduction to the beginning of the book (which has 
just reached a natural conclusion, or ending, in relation to its pro- 
duction "at the other end of thought"), this would function as such, 
announcing its conclusion (and when does one write an introduction in 
any case?).

What appears to be a book about words is a book about the spaces be- 
tween them, where the work of ontology and epistemology is done. So 
it's about the undoing or entanglement among states, interstitially 
within both digital and analog tendencies - where there's a loosening 
of construct on one hand, and a "jostling" on the other.

The domains themselves meld, are lost; they form carapaces over or 
across abjection.

Think of a book inflicted on its author, or of a book writing its 
author. Or think of a book constituting the origin of writing, each 
ideogram suddenly hardened into the germ of a new idea. I write this 
without map or territory, in the midst of the foreign; I cannot read 
the world around me.

The world is unreadable. Or what is readable is already contaminated.

I am born into the realm of muted content, landscape features, subtle 
distinctions in topography, the lay of a world in which natural and 
artificial dissolve in the presence of uninterpretable signs.

I am not born; I am there.

This is the realm of content which undermines languages, the insuffer-
able disturbance of an imaginary which cannot be named.

When I began this, I did not realize it would be a book, or a book in 
becoming, so much as a text; these texts, then, concatenated, forming 
a linked chain flooding from one torus to another, the metal spaced 
by air. It's the air, cleaved around the chain, that I write - hoping 
for a discourse in which something other than noise or sign emerges.
Call this emergence a form of wryting, continue.


The Beginning of the Book

Either.

How is it possible to begin a text, knowing all the while its
continuity beyond a single sitting, worrying the words already ahead
of their appearance? It is as if I were looking back towards a re-
inscription of time and place, already completed, a memento of past
experience thrust into the present, as these lines are being read.

Already, for such a text is readied I am inscribing; the cumbersome
history of philosophy divides into this eddy of a beginning, the wash
of language carrying far too many presuppositions. I realize I must 
do this to myself; you do, as well.

The history of philosophy, memories of texts, insert themselves; what
appears to be an inscription, this presencing of writing, from one
viewpoint, becomes an obstacle from a second, effacement from a third.

To lose one's face, to lose one's presence in discourse: having-been-
abandoned, the form of a text. Meandering, there's always abjection. 
There's always science, and that is elsewhere, considered a truth, 
not in practice, but at the limit.

Effacement, fissure, inscription. The construction of an obstacle. The
role of memory, survival of texts. Here in Halifax, snow is forecast.
I take so much for granted.

The language, placement, constitution of the structures of writing,
perception or glance, constitution of self, subjectivity, ego, doubt,
litigation. The surface of the keys, obdurate linking of words and
letters, a certain relationship to the world, external or internal,
real or Real, I. The pressure of the fingers upon the keys. The 
pressure of the keys against the fingers.

Dividing myself, I proceed, broken into the habitual environment, 
world, of thought; it carries me against itself. (As if the eddy of 
beginning impeded my hunger, leading towards incompletion, and then)

Here, the 'O' a closed curve, 'I' the delimitation of a line segment.
Broken, it begins and ends nearby. But it is not here that inscription
lies, beyond convention; nor is it in the scansion inherent in the
manner of reading or writing. As if one were saying, O I!.

Perhaps it is the articulation of impulses, confluence or flow, of
which this language is both catalyst and detour, for the unconscious
as well as the conscious is not linguistic. Or rather, the linguistic
is both surface phenomenon and agent. The linguistic carapace, the 
intrusion.

Nor are there necessarily divisions, surpluses, secrets and warehous- 
ing between the two. Rather than conscious or unconscious, one might 
consider moments of attention, intention, memories, traumas - disper- 
sions throughout the connectome, linkages, vectoral planes, on the 
level of the anecdote - this connects to that, or doesn't, as the 
case may be, by virtue of past and present context.

For the sake of forming, eliminate the form. For the sake of 
in-forming, forming without.

There is hardly a space to be formed, or to be eliminated, cleared. 
One might consider transformations, stories, structures, dissolving 
beginnings (for there are no necessary origins) and ends (for these 
are always after the fact). Think of mid-streaming, continuities, the 
absence of names (for names occur at nodes, impediments, eddies of 
the beginning). Dissolving the memories of beginnings or ends, 
labeling a protocol by its fiction: this occurred, for example, when 
death is in itself.

Death is the measure of narrative. Death is the completion of the sen-
tence (of death). There is no tragedy when language as such is pulled
from the matrix. Transformations scatter transformations.

Technology is surety. Technology restrains the "nor are there." 
Efficient in the habitus of limited axioms and postulations (always, 
however, increasing), foreclosing, entailing more and more of the 
abject, the afterthought, the placental. Technology is atemporal, 
reversible; capital impedes reversibility.

The machine is always ideal. It is the ideal we send to the heavens. 
The digital is eternal. Perfection moves through space and time, 
ignorant, defended. Technology is perfect inscription. The ideal is 
the clean and proper body without memory.

Technology fissures at the edges through misuse, miscues, decay, 
power running down. But this is not its habitus, nor is this an 
afterthought. This is nothing. Technology is placed within potential 
wells, equally technological. The surfaces are permitted their 
interplay. In the depths, the wheels spin forever. Within and below 
the depths, tunneling and abjection; the world of organism leaks.

Perfect inscription reproduces perfectly. This is of the order of be-
ings, speaking the world. Cataclysm, dissolution, the collapse of the
molecular, atomic, are at the heart of being. Being is in opposition.
(Perhaps being is the construct of opposition; perhaps being pulls
opposition from the matrix of the real.) Being: being opposed.

Being is opposition. Being refuses origin, refuses the middle. The
story of the sentence loses its place. Infinite reproducibility fills
nothing. It is never a matter of measure, quantity. One can retreat
from being, swerve out of the reach of metaphysics, trauma, dream.

Within the interval, one retreats, writes the beginning of the book, 
enters the Internet, chats. Intervals are blurred sanctions. From 
moment to moment, speech is lost, but speech is the quality of the 
interval. At the heart of the written, there is inauthenticity: I 
have written this, you will be reading this, an ugly catch. At its 
very heart, lag, the forestalling of being. (Being is nonsense to be 
sure.)

Transformations, becomings, are purified by technology. What can be
spoken clearly can be answered. The question can be formulated as a
question. The question has developed in this manner. An answer is 
never a matter of correctness, but of mutual satisfaction, the 
reduction of tension, the appearance of closure.

Becomings fissure their domain. The domain transforms itself or an 
other, transforming itself into an other. There is no matter; it 
doesn't matter. Beyond the purity of technology, flows which are lost 
in their names. Almost all flows have been lost; this is effacement, 
not the losing of face, not even losing the stake of face, but a 
shunting aside. Consider, the universe is not witnessed, the witness 
is a residue or stain, irrelevant. Even the beginning of the book, 
the retarding of the witness, carries its loss, effacement. Words 
always ring hollow, lead to other words. Fast-forward, beginnings are 
forgotten.

Words lead; they are insufficient. Words are devoured; the page 
turns, screen scrolls, the disappearances are swallowed, a continuous 
process of scapegoating. Think of reading as parasitic upon the 
matrix of inscription; think of the real as our hollow reading. What 
we consider hallowed.

Snow is forecast. Today is Thursday in 2014.

There is no release. Not to write is a release. I do not write. I am
writing, I wrote: I will have written. I will have been reading this.

The beginning of the book is the book of the beginning, and the begin-
ning of books. What was etched in clay, sealed in an envelope etched
in clay, the doubling. The habitual environment of writing, the world
of writing, the doubling of being fractured by virtue of the margins.

In the first version of this, "being" was capitalized. I knew better; 
I was lost in the dreams of origination, in the loss of symbols as I 
tried to negotiate my way through an alien landscape. And the digital 
was still on the horizon; I had not yet developed the notion of the 
holarch as digital undercurrency of the world. I was also obsessed 
with beginnings, and beginnings under erasure: I should have known 
better. So this second transformation becomes a symbology of regret 
and a paean towards an unreconstituted loss that all of us suffer at 
this point in time, and in this world.

There are no margins within the machine. Pure process is nothing; the
star-plasma-machine is ideal continuity. One is surrounded by the con-
tinuous. There are no margins: the holarch. There are no edges, no 
circuits, or rather the circulation of the machine engenders circula- 
tion and circularity.

To step from the beginning, to step from this beginning, is to analyze
transforms, the language and symbolic of transforms, the continuities
carried across nodes and vectors, objects and arrows - the inescapable
designations of processes, becomings, inhabitations of time. But math-
esis is the heart of technology; here, everything disappears, brought
back only by the friction of the real.

Yes of course, but why the seemingly necessary reference to the real 
once again - when the real has no beginning, or rather the beginning 
of the inflationary universe, with its own circulations, from which 
we are within / are rejected.

There is friction in the exegesis as well, the insufferable misanthro-
py of interminable analysis. Everything and nothing are learned; there
are always already insufficient layers, lamina. Either everything is
useful or everything is useless. Linkage is the teleology of technolo-
gy, which is otherwise.

One might say that either technology has no use, or that technology 
exists within a saturated world of use.

I place technology as the pole or polar, organism and language as the
polar or pole. One maps palely against or through the other; technolo-
gy is a mapping of the ideal onto the real, carried into time, speed,
energy, within tolerances and decay already foreclosed in the analy-
sis. Following Lyotard, one might say that the real is the differend
of technology.

Writing is technology. The beginning of the book has always already
existed, this book or any other. One cannot begin, however, _this_
page or _this_ writing, without the scene. It is the scene of writing
which prefigures and figures philosophy, the hut, the red patch, the
desk, the encounter at the cafe.

Now I would say the scene is already embedded, that there is no 
beginning or that everything is such, that everything stutters. I 
would say that one might look at vacuum energy or other drivers of 
the universe, putting aside the book, in the same regard as putting 
aside the tao.

The scene takes time, the scene is always elsewhere, the scene is sav-
ing grace, the scene brings time to the foreground. The scene is of
the real, shattering techne. The scene is of the writer, of the read-
er. The scene is the theater, simulacrum.

Here in the first version, there is room for a bad or misappropriated 
metaphor. One should forget the writer, the book, the beginning, the 
scene of the book, etc. etc.: everything is lost!

It occurs and continues to occur. It _lends itself_ to the beginning
of the book. "I am typing," etc. "I am sitting in a cubicle," etc. It
begs the differend of eternity: "Ah, you should see the rings on my
fingers, the tenor of my speech, the limpidity of my gaze." It is al-
ways giving grace, having fallen.

An investigation has a scene. I bring you this investigation stum-
bling over itself, or I bring you this investigation, stumbling over
you on an encounter with reading. It is the tawdriness of human temp-
orality (that infects the process of writing, of reading). It is the
giving and foreclosing of a gift (of the proffering of technology and
eternity, of the glimpse of an ideal). It is the mythos of a Being
(lost from the beginning of the book in lack, disinvestment, decath-
exis).

It is not reading or writing; it is programming; it is not running 
programs but performance, and it is not that but Hamiltonians and 
Lagrangians and their offspring.

The world is an encounter; philosophy greets the world with wonder.
It is a mistake to think the world writes itself, or that philosophy
writes the world. It is the wonder that is being written, dismantled.
In order to lead to other wonders. In order to wonder itself.

Who would ever make this mistake, would ever think philosophy writes? 
Am I not a bit of a shyster here?

I can't dismantle wonder; I can only annihilate it!

This is only within us, only between us, this contract, having already
read these words. It is always well to remember there is no other.

Or.

The beginning of the book: an absence or origins, the beginning of 
writing, tabulation, the tokens from Sumer and elsewhere signifying 
goods - shapes for kinds. Writing begins with parallels, indices, a 
for A, b for B. What is _here_ in the real is, by virtue of what is 
_there._ No question of writing's environs, no question of diegesis.

On the other hand, there are models. Egyptian granaries in the small.
Egyptian farming. Egyptian scribes. Index and ikon.

what on earth was I thinking of here? Sumeric indices, Egyptian ikons.

But these parallels aren't superstructural; they don't open up within
themselves. They're of the real, broken off. A bit farther and earl-
ier, and later, there are gods. Still, one has to be careful here; the
god-image isn't the god-world, but a reminder, still the index. What
is, doesn't have to be there. Evidence isn't always perceptual.

Wait. We don't have to be careful. There are myths. The god-image is 
of the myth. It's just that ... perhaps at this early point, writing 
was only tabulation, was forgotten. Writing at the beginning, nothing 
more than accountancy. Unnoticed. In this manner, there was no 
beginning.

It just appeared? No, it never was. Or rather, was tawdry itself. It
was forgotten in its lending itself to the future. You make the
tokens, you count them, accountancy, you seal them within the envelope
and you press tokens into the exterior. Interior and exterior match.
Guarantees - the lag has already set in; the envelope is the reposito-
ry of time. Close this now, open this later, only when necessary.

The opening is a singularity: what was closed now has no interior. You
can't reseal; you must reconstruct, redo. Perhaps envelopes come and
go, their contents somewhat permanent in relation, as if the data were
ideal.

The container is also the map of the thing contained? Or the container
and the contained are dual maps, or duals, of something elsewhere and
elsewhen. Date and place are not far behind the proper name. The name
is also an insert. It's not even a question of writing.

In this fashion, writing doesn't begin until the signature of the pro-
per name. Everything else points towards indices; the proper name al-
ready moves uncomfortably towards the ikonic - I sign the contract;
the contract is representative of me - I no longer have to be present
- no longer have to be alive - I have left behind this configuration; 
this configuration is expelled.

It's not so much a speaking, this writing of the proper name, so much
as a gagging, calling forth the reflexes and self-reflexivity of the
body. A binding contract.

One might think of a variety of discursive practices - tabulation, the
seal of the proper name, expendable envelopes, inviolate tokens, the
stroke of the brush or outline of the hand, the fingerprint in the
clay, the gaze which enunciates or counts in the first place. Writing
accounts for the accounted-for, forecloses, inscribes.

What if a sheep dies and the token remains in the envelope? What if
the envelope needs to be changed? What if the sheep is re-marked on
the dry clay, scratched out? Or does the envelope retain a primacy
over death - go get me another sheep, pay me in and out of kind. I
don't care, give me compensation.

Certainly not a primacy for the sheep -

What of the book? The beginning of the book is across tablets, one to
another, sides and tops and bottoms. Interiors disappear. There are
writing cylinders, writing prisms, flat and cylindrical seals. There
are collections of tablets, scrolls of papyri. These are nothing more
than the lengthening of inscriptions, of course - technological de-
vices based on the premise of infinite language, a continuous unravel-
ing of the world. The world of the book, the book of the world.

One speaks, one writes, as if something were created. Magic, fetishes, 
charms. Incantations, repetitions: speaking and respeaking until the 
thing is. Only gods say it once. Humans live within the continuity of 
granular time; nothing - not an hour, not a minute, not a second - is 
skipped. There are no fissures, nothing but flux. To go from point A 
to point B, one must go from A to B. Every step along the way. Every 
way.

When a god speaks, there is a gap. Then things coalesce. Suddenly,
something emerges. What emerges appears in relation to the ideality of
the spoken, its (digital) purity. Writing does the same: A God writes,
is. A human writes and rewrites; writing is never enough; there are
more than one signature. One signs and signs; one writes himself, her-
self into existence; one is written out of existence. One is then un-
accounted-for, unaccountable, feral. One is elsewhere, beyond the
Pale.

A human can never speak enough. A human speaks and speaks. A human can
never write enough; the book is never finished. Speaking and writing,
a forestalling. It always fails; writing falls through itself, dirtied
by the real, by the fingers that produce it, just like speech is dir-
tied by the mouth, teeth and tongue - just like speech is soaked by
saliva, coughs, inhalations, a sputter on the outtake.

Breathe out! Say something! Breathe in, in order to continue. As long
as I speak, write, I am still alive. Because I speak and write, I am
still alive. Thank you, god you have sustained me.

But the book is already finished, was already finished; the book is 
replacement technology, and replacement continues. So here is where 
the holarch is inserted, disrupting the narrative, which has gained 
something in the first text by the meandering beginning. You may read 
between the lines or choose to ignore them:


