

-


C


La obra completa de Tintoretto 1518-1594, part of Maestros de la Pintura, 
was purchased in Madrid, after Margaret and I walked across the city to 
the Prado on a hot summer day. She was ill; I was in Spain for a week 
visiting her, terribly in love. Today she is a fairly well-known painter 
living here in New York and we are untogether. When we went to the city.

When we went to the Prado, I learned to C for the first time, spending
hours in front of El Rapto de Helena, for example, until the violence of
the work manifest itself, beyond the usual play of foreground/background -
loved by looking within the confines of the frame. The bulbous escaped and
I _saw_ it, leaking, just as the chalked boat leaked, the image refusing
resolution. When we went there, it was to and from Margaret being sick,
confined at times, but the chalk also sickened, deliberately, and Tintor-
etto become incomprehensible, fierce burning of Greek fire and interpre-
tations across the waters. I brought nothing to him. 

Neither context, nor plateaus/centuries (millennia b.c. interpreted by
Homer, transfused in 16th century a.d., recuperated by myself through
representations of millennia b.c. interpreted by representations of Homer,
transfused by interpretations of 16th century a.d...): something _inert,_
on the order of _salvage,_ remained: X drew and _presumably_ saw what he
drew. C-saw. 

Here, in what was formerly known as _cyberspace,_ speech, C-ing, is _by
virtue of permissions_ - echos are written into systems: _because someone
has set something to echo_ - because labor has occurred. The other is
visible to you by virtue of an other. _These words are an occurrence_ or
plateau, continually refreshed. 

_The screen is not still._ The screen comes and goes like Tintoretto.

Today I buy a ragged copy of Derrida's Memoirs of the Blind, The Self- 
Portrait and Other Ruins. Because it is ragged, I take it to the store 
manager, who reduces its price. This book of the Blind does not appear 
well to the cited; it has been excessively handled, _touched_ repeatedly; 
there are marks on the page-edges, stesses and strains on the cover.

I could not pay full price and I am tempted to talk about the political
economy of the perfectly-cited; I cannot cite myself, wearing thick
glasses to move the day along. And poor. Day and night poor.

In cyberspace once again, with Derrida speaking of the Medusa, Perseus,
others: "Each time, then, there is the ruse of an oblique or indirect
gaze. A ruse that consists in sidestepping rather than meeting head-on the
death that comes through the eyes." One C's in cyberspace by virtue of the
gaze _askew_ (just as C coding garners or discredits invisibility), and it
is precisely this skewing or dimensional shoving, that results, annihil-
ates the death or negation/annihilation centered in real-life alterity. 

Here, with ME (Sumerian ME: attribute/inculcation), does not death also
come through the touch of the hand, the eyes, the mouth, the tongue, the
penis, the vagina, the _flesh_ of the thing, brilliant death - just as
negation in cyberspace is always already the shadowing of the eyes, kohl,
a certain perseverance, _darkening of the brow?_ I remember Margaret frow-
ning; I was blinded by love.

But here, an other shadowing, one lives forever, read.


