



Face in Cyberspace


Lucan, Civil War, trans. Susan Braund:

[...]
From heaven birds fell down with sudden weight,
the beasts were fastened to their rocks, 
entire tribes of Ethiopians, living near, grew stiff in marble.
No living thing could undergo the sight of her; the snakes themselves
attempt to avoid the Gorgon's face by stretching backwards.
She turned to stone the Titan, Atlas, who stood beneath
the Pillars of the West; and long ago, when heaven
feared the Giants supported on Phlegraean snakes,
she raised them up as mountains and the Gorgon on the centre
of Pallas' breast concluded the frightful battle of the gods.
[...]
Even Pallas could not watch, and though Perseus looked away
his features would have frozen had Tritonia not spread out
the dense tresses and veiled the face with snakes.
In this way the winged hero seized the Gorgon and flew into the sky.
He in fact was shortening his path and passing through the air
on a nearer course if he cut right across Europe's cities:
Pallas told him not to harm the fruitful lands,
to spare the nations. For who would not look up to see the ether
at such a mighty flyer? With the Zephyr the winged one turns his course
and travels over Libya which, sown with no cultivation,
it opens to the stars and Phoebus: the orbit of the sun afflicts
and burns the soil; and in no other land does night
fall into sky more loftily and block the path of the moon
if she forgets her wandering swerve and runs straight through
the constellations, without fleeing north or south to avoid the shadow.
Yet that barren land and fields productive of no good
catch the venom from the gore of dripping
Medusa, a hideous dew from wild blood 
which heat promotes and boils in the crumbling sand.
[...]

Between the chiasm of Medusa and menstruation; between phallocentrism and
defuge/flooding, cyberspace falters and topples in the sand/granularity of
an elsewhere real. 

(Just as "cyberspace" already turns tentative, as its Gibsonian depths are
flattened by the VRML of the World Wide Web. Penis/Vagina: the closed sys-
tem refuses outlet. Links characterize by different. World short-circuits,
not even boils in the crumbling sand/granularity of an elsewhere real.)


