
-


Real-Life Morphing Player-Class:


"The first warp-spasm seized Cuchulainn, and made him into a monstrous
thing, hideous and shapeless, unheard of. His shanks and his joints, every
knuckle and angle and organ from head to foot, shook like a tree in the
flood or a reed in the stream. His body made a furious twist inside his
skin, so that his feet and shins and knees switched to the rear and his
heels and calves switched to the front. The balled sinews of his calves
switched to the front of his shins, each big knot the size of a warrior's
bunched fist. On his head the temple-sinews stretched to the nape of his
neck, each might, immense, measureless knob as big as the head of a
month-old child. His face and features became a red bowl: he sucked one
eye so deep into his head that a wild crane couldn't probe it onto his
cheek out of the depths of his skull; the other eye fell out along his
cheek. His mouth weirdly distorted: his cheek peeled back form his jaws
until the gullet appeared, his lungs and liver flapped in his mouth and
throat, his lower jaw struck the upper a lion-killing blow, and fiery
flakes large as a ram's fleece reached his mouth from his throat.  His
heart boomed loud in his breast like the baying of a watch-dog at its feed
or the sound of a lion among bears. Malignant mists and spurts of fire -
the torches of the Badb - flickered red in the vaporous clouds that rose
boiling above his head, so fierce was his fury. The hair of his head
twisted like the tangle of a red thornbush stuck in a gap; if a royal
apple tree with all its kingly fruit were shaken above him, scarce an
apple would reach the ground but each would be spiked on a bristle of his
hair as it stood up on his scalp with rage. The hero-halo rose out of his
brow, long and broad as a warrior's whetstone, long as a snout, and he
went mad rattling his shields, urging on his charioteer and harassing the
hosts. Then, tall and thick, steady and strong, high as the mast of a
noble ship, rose up from the dead centre of his skull a straight spout of
black blood darkly and magically smoking like the smoke from a royal
hostel when a king is coming to be cared for at the close of a wintry
day." 

--From the Tain Bo Cuailnge, translated The Tain, by Thomas Kinsella;  Cu-
chulainn is the Ulster warrior hero. The characteristics remind me of the
Viking _beserk,_ from whence the English. @morphing is visceral and real,
related to yoga I would think; the Tain is from the 8the century a.d. but
its roots apparently go back for centuries b.c. --

