



A Report on Older


The HP 110 worked with a small AC power supply at 780 milliamps and 9
volts; it went on as if it had run for the past twelve years without a
hitch. I was able to set the terminal program, log into Panix at 300 baud,
and use a bizarrely configured vt100 emulation on all 16 lines of the
screen.

Pine was usable, but slowly refreshed; it was clear that other mail read-
ers would be better at the speed. SMTP seemed the easiest way to send.
Tiny Fugue ran with total havoc - characters were unreadable, and I wasn't
able to page anyone; it was hard enough to back out of the application
(control-c and the kill everything did it).

300 baud turns out to be a fast human reading speed - nothing much is
lost. Still, Pine insisted on redrawing line-by-line; the time wasted is
absurd, with constant full-screen redraws. But there's more: Control-v
doesn't work in Pico - either does control-y (upper or lower cases) - or
control-wy or control-wv. So there's no paging up and down; the screen is
useless. I couldn't write on-line with it at all.

In IRC, the connect time was about twenty minutes with the Phoenix program
and the text didn't scroll - only the line above the bar changed at all.
Nice ASCII art disappeared the same way everything else did. I gave up.

At the prompt, control-c would pull me out of a slow readout, but in Pine,
the full-refresh wouldn't allow it - I had to wait until the end of one
sorry sequence after another.

There is an upload and download application built-in, but I have no idea
what the on-line commands should be - surely not xmodem, kermit, or any-
thing other current standard. I need "primitive transfer _x_" - whatever
that may be.

After logging out, I tried the memo writer, which seemed usable, and there
were two drives, with a total of 272k distributed among the virtual RAM
disks. There was Lotus 123 as well. I could save to file (slave to file
was more like it) but with a totally dead battery, all the configurations
disappeared, of course, when I closed down.

The keyboard was stiff but robust; the design, excellent, and the power
drain unbelievably small - the unit would run for 16 hours when new, with
a good battery. The screen isn't backlit, and without drive motors,
there's not much that uses electricity.

All this from 1984, when the Big Brother was supposed to once again take
over the Holding Company - who know it was Microsoft at the time...


