







The Boxing of Ears





Sometimes I could just talk to the shadows.



I live around the corner and a block from the Silver Spoon, where I eat 

my meagre meals, listening all the while to cohorts discussing computer 

failures, blowups, a sports game, and love affairs gone right. The Spoon 

has two entrances. Leaving the first, I hunger around the corner for the 

second, instilling shadows on the silhouetted patrons whose company I had 

just enjoyed. 



Although to be honest, I never participate; lurking in the background, I 

absorb their lives, have my little crushes.



Peering in, I am reminded of the distance that always already is present. 

Blank shapes against the farther windows, and if you don't believe me, go 

down Flatbush Avenue in Brooklyn, right after the corner where Dean 

Street appears - you see me there.



Now I'm sitting at a table among others, happy as can be. I write these 

words which anyone can read over my shoulder, and now you have with the 

pleasure of my body not being an intermediary, huddled across the key- 

board. What was I thinking, that I didn't remain for that extra cup of 

coffee today, lingering over the palmtop or The Art of the Romantic Era, 

$3.50 used at the Strand, pictures galore.



A once insulted B. B told me that A would apologize, that was his style. 

That as an artist he used apology to repress his inability to apologize. 

That it was his mechanism, his play. Hiding behind these words, please 

pass the toast, it's possible to hide, indeed to cower, behind openness. 



In some of my videowork, beginning with a tape made with Kathy Acker 

years ago, I'm totally naked; the body is explicit. The emergence after- 

wards indicated nothing had been lost. But the _real_ loss, the reason I 

couldn't watch the tape for years, was the presence of speech, what we 

were saying to the camera, to one another. (Was there a difference?) I 

could never face that. Even now, I'm unable to _listen,_ not bothered by 

the sight at all. Site, not sight, is disturbing. (To watch a tape is to 

_listen._ Words break bones.)



I hide behind openness, am open beyond hiding. 



Sometimes I could just hide beyond the shadows.





