







The Use of Dance of the Twentieth Century





Using the text as a crutch, I can talk the floor, go up on pointe, armor 

myself in tutu or leotard, my perfect legs performing a pas de deux with 

the mirror shouldering my height upon its vertical back:





"The classical dancer turns out the entire body, opening from the heart 

as an expression of grace and strength. It is not so much a turn as a 

constant spiral, a circular dynamic that invovles the torso, arms, and 

legs. There is a modern tendency in ballet training to shift the focus to 

the lower body, to dance only with the legs. Turning out solely form the 

hips and thighs places emphasis on the genital area. In _Dance-Movement 

Therapy,_ psychoanalyst Elaine V. Siegel pinpoints turning out as an 

aspect of body image with a number of possible sexual connotations:



 The open crotch in all ballet positions not only allows for the 'line'

 most pleasing to the balletomane but also reassures the audience that 

 the dancer's physical prowess is not a sexual attack . . . Actually, 

 turnout could also be seen as an expression of supreme sexual self- 

 confidence. It depends on who is turning out how.



It is really a matter of how the impulse for turning out is translated 

into the body, whether that impulse originates above or below the hips. 

If the impulse is generated with a pelvic thrust, the ballerine may take 

her place beside the striptease artist."



(Gelsey Kirkland with Greg Lawrence, Dancing on My Grave)





The sexualized body is armored in the carapace of ballet, just as text

enhances and distances striptease. Net sexuality is similar, a play of

organs splayed open and foreclosed by costume and the theatrical. The pas

de deux is always done alone, the dancer reaching deep inside hirself to

reproduce the perfect emotional form; later, the reach is second-nature,

and the ghost-partner becomes more and more real and emphasized within hir

arms. 



The terminal screen provides a perfect theater with all encounters bounded

by an angle of view not dissimilar to sitting mid-way back in a theater,

watching the troupe on-stage. I feel a rush when one dancer lifts another,

hand-on-crotch, the two of them desperately reaching for the skies in the

midst of compressed genitals, athletic breathing. The screen and keyboard

are flooded with fluids; as protocols become more adaptable, the mesmeric

body will meet the ectoplasmic body, hypnosis against the regurgitation of

spirit itself. The nineteenth-century phenomena return in full force,

thanks to the table-rapping Fox Sisters, in the twenty-first. 





"'You remember I told you that at home in my village at Sils Maria as a 

child I used to do errands for Mr. Nietzsche? I carried his rucksack when 

he went to the Alps to work. Madame, he acted and looked, before he was 

taken away, just like Mr. Nijinsky does now.'"



(Romola Nijinsky, Nijinsky)





