





Slide-Base





Tonight I assembled thirty-six slides for use with a talk I am giving,

a talk on cybermind, on the Internet, on the psychology of the space.

And I only have a text-based editor, work from the command-line, so it

was difficult to organize the scrolling text, making sense of things

for an audience. I didn't want, as well, to violate anyone's posts, to

present things that weren't in the public domain.



At the same time, I've been fascinated by the rush of words, the rush

of menus and ascriptions, and so I began, revealing my own .profile 

file, full of aliases and tiny macros, lines churning my account into

fast entrances and exits. The rush felt good, and I included as well

my lynx_bookmarks.html file, my file of World Wide Web sites and fur-

ther scrolling, and then I included my tin-newsreader list of current

newsgroups of interest. I was on a roll with scroll, with film-roll,

the clicking continuing, running down the screen; I took snapshots of

menus and hypertexts, stopping at a home-page text or two, then run-

ning on, even a moment of ascii-art, triple divided to terminally fit.



Images were necessary, so I went to the downloading, snapping sections

of maps, Miranda, the moon of Uranus, comets striking Jupiter, a chart

of the exponential increase in domains. Returned to the account, and 

found a home page with letter reply; blocking out the address, I sent

an impassioned short letter purely for the camera, cancelling the post

before the final mailing into oblivion. I was on a fast-track now, 

backed the camera up to show the keyboard and monitor nuzzled up against 

one another, added two pictures - one of a male, centered, looking out-

ward, downloaded of course, and another, of a female face, centered, in

dark shadow, the premonition of uneasy sexuality, pornography, from the 

Net. (I am speaking of the _source_ of the image here, not a gendered

response to images of women.) Lost on the monitor, the two faces presen-

ted the problematic of desire, cyberspace psychoanalytics, but only 

insofar as it too was scroll.



Returning, I did traceroute on jefferson.village.virginia.edu where the

lists are kept, traceroute and ping -s, indicating the echoed response 

times on the Net, clawed images of Net-spread, the stuttered liquidity 

of the Net roaming everywhere across the planet. Returning in a theme 

intertwined, I went to a personals page, captured the front-end menu for 

the camera, immediately turning it back into the original html document, 

capturing that as well, back and forth across the Web. Texts and pictures 

shakily began the wall/room shimmer of this space I inhabit in real life; 

nothing was solid any more. I returned to two photographs of the palmtop 

computers I use, images of the world or notes to myself. But I was seeing 

stars on the desktop, stars buried deep in Net itself, and wondered, 

could all this _text_ convey stars? 



Then it seemed to me that the text _was_ stars, not the relatively unin-

teresting graphics of Mosaic or Netscape - functional, yes, but hiding 

the skeletal Net, turning it into a magazine, fine for users, but not 

nearly as radicalized. It might be the difference between pornography 

and eroticism: Which teaches us the presence of the body, which at least 

makes pretense of stripping codes (only to (re)produce others/the other, 

yes, but at least the potential of stripping is there)? Or it might be 

the difference between a sedan and a top-fuel dragster, the power-train 

close to _power_ unraveling. (But the truth is, as I read this, that gen-

der operates in uncomfortable ways here, in terms of traditional readings 

of male and female: male as power, hardness, female as ornament, effusion. 

These too have to be deconstructed before any use can be made of the terms, 

command-line analyses that escape naively neutral phenomenology, and so 

forth. What I can do is offer a beginning of this at the talk, nothing 

more. And I _do_ like the reversion, presenting everything promptly, at 

the prompt.)



