







Thinking Others Thinking Others





Heidegger's in the forest. He's writing:



Heidegger, What is Called Thinking: "A fragment of Parmenides, which has 

been given the number 6, begins with these words:" <Greek> "The usual 

translation of the saying is: "One should both say and think that Being is.""



Later, let's say that it's evening, that the storm has settled down a bit,

the trees are dripping with cold water, the streams are rushing:  "The

saying becomes clearer if we take the liberty of inserting three colons, to

give a sharper articulation to its word structure. We shall also write the

saying in four separate lines:" <Greek> "Following the usual translation,

fitted more closely not to the Greek text, the saying then runs: "Needful:

the saying also thinking too: being: to be."" 



Later, let's say there's a warning: "The warning runs:" <Greek> ""And let

not much-current habit force you into this way, | to let roam sightless eyes

and noise-cluttered ear | and tongue, rather discriminate in reflection."

Here logos _<in Greek>_ is sharply contrasted with unreflecting gawking and

ear-cocking and chatter. In the text _glossa_ <in Greek>, the tongue, mere 

chatter, is placed in immediate and almost brutal contrast to _logos_ <in 

Greek>, reflection."



Jonathan Barnes' Early Greek Philosophy adds to the warning, which is in 

the seventh fragment, what holds the crag together: "Only one story, one 

road, now is spoken."



Wheelwright's The Presocratics translates the sixth fragment - in its 

entirety - as follows:



"It is necessary both to say and to think that being is. For to be is 

possible and not-to-be is impossible. I bid you consider this, and I warn 

you against another path, along which mortals wander ignorantly, with 

divided minds and scattered thoughts, so befuddled and helpless as to 

resemble the deaf and blind. There are crowds of them, without 

discernment, maintaining that to be and not to be are the same and not 

the same, and that everything is in a statement of movement and counter- 

movement."



Barnes' has this, from Simplicius' Commentary on the Physics, and we're

remaining on the sixth fragment of course: 



"for it can be,

and nothing can not. This I bid you say.

For from this first road of inquiry <I restrain> you,

and then from the road along which mortals who know nothing

wander, two-headed; for impotence in their 

breasts guides their erring mind. And they are borne along

alike deaf and blind, amazed, undiscerning crowds,

for whom to be and not to be are deemed the same

and not the same; and the path of all turns back on itself."



How does this begin? With "For having said:" - with reference to Parmeni-

des - is followed by "for it can be..." and after "<I restrain> you,"

there is a "<he adds:>" separating the two sections, isolating the 

thought of Heidegger from the thought of Adorno, or leaking the crowd 

scene at best into the Heideggerian "they."



Some of this clarifies in the German of the Diels' text; here are some 

excerpts: "Notig ist zu sagen und zu denken, dass nur das Seiende ist; 

denn Sein ist, ein Nichts dagegen ist nicht; das heisse ich dich wohl 

beherzigen." Heidegger, in Was Heisst Denken?, by the way, translates his 

second version as "Notig: das Sagen so Denken auch: Seiendes: sein." 

Heidegger also leaves out Diels' "nur," for better or worse. And the 

warning, in Diels: "Aber nur noch Eine Weg-Kunde bleibt dann, dass IST 

_ist_."



What a mess! One can imagine the Parmenidean trance and declamation, but 

one can also imagine the deaf and blind (in the lineage of Pieter Bruegel),

the double-headed (Diels' nice "Doppelkopfe") crowds reverberating with a 

flux similar and transparent to cybermind, to the insipidity of the 

discussion of being. More and more the Heideggerian appears as idiolec- 

tical, a meditation clearing its own grounds as technology and world-war 

sweep bodies out from under obdurate visibility. It's the easiest thing 

in such a world to talk to the ghosts in the forest, while radio in fact 

penetrated the boughs that Holderlin or Trakl meditated upon. 



Soon dusk begins to fall and a bifurcation occurs, the separation of 

uneasy wombs: either there's something wrong with language, or something 

amiss with our own expectations, or both, giving birth to translucency, 

when transparency _against_ the obdurate seemed the hardened will of the 

day. What to make of this is literally and permanently _beyond one,_ but 

there is a looming in the forest, neither ghost nor wraith nor speech, 

the aftershock of the nuclear, the realization of Heideggerian _waiting,_ 

full of wrath and promise.



