





Zoned





I erased the hard-drive then changed DOS in the autoexec.bat files, well 

I didn't erase DOS, go with me here, so that it would loop continually, 

right back on and looping, auto-on, keyboard didn't do a thing, erased 

the floppies, go with me here, even the macros.



I didn't want to waste the computer; information's expensive, organiza-

tion, give it away to someone who can use it good. Found myself getting 

nauseous over and over again. My body shuddered its way through the 

rituals and this post is the last remnant of all of this. I kept taking 

pills, calm me down, build me up. Pills are wonderful, circular like the 

mediaeval world, everything equidistant from the center. Kept rummaging, 

they were getting harder to find.



I wrote out the will of all my worldly possessions because they're made 

out of materials and organized in a way somebody might want. It's all a 

matter of a neat will, and I cleaned my sheets too by the way. I knew 

there would be a cutoff.



I knew that would come when I couldn't do anything else, when there would 

be a blankness to the world of the wall, or when I could hardly function, 

could hardly see what I was doing. I kept correcting this post because I 

didn't want it to be sloppy and it's the gate to all the others.



It's the gate and the reason I'm writing to put an end through a kind of 

building that's a building of a gate, I used to call it a portal. Now my 

worldly writing all of it circulates forever, it's out there in the 

wires, coded like some insane dna molecule wrapped up in the last concert 

of PJ Harvey before the stroke sets in the voice stops drums crash to the 

floor guitar winds down. It's out there and it's yours, I haven't the 

slightest idea where it is, where anything is anymore. They're round, 

without serrated edges; they can fall through your fingers just like that 

to a floor with a huge mouth in it that reaches up as if they were sex 

and they're not I know that, to the floor and I know they're not that.



Someday there will be a last post that won't announce itself so this is 

an early announce. Someday there will be an end to it all, emotions that 

short-circuited themselves, so this is an early ending, not the real one, 

don't worry, not the silent one - this is the noisy one, the crafted one, 

and keep the texts rolling out, rolling through cyberspace, packets 

sputtering everywhere, someplace I must have said something good -





