





Dribble





So I dripped text on your carpet, standing there naked like a fool while

you turned away and read the bed. You read in the crack between the pillow

and the sheets and the crack between the sheets and the sheets. I kept

trying to catch your eye, white letters all over the black carpet, pools

of them. I sucked paragraphs out of my tit, my nipple "wrapped around the

shaft of my leaking cock, sending these letters onto the black carpet,

pools of them." 



I decided to test the system, I decided to text the system.



"the word is still going to be displayed in another format at least in 

this situation i understand that what i type here will be in the final 

format of the work itself and not a differance in the french organization 

of the word. thus it's the case that when i insist that nothing could be 

farther from the truth there may in fact be truth, that truth, in and of 

itself... who knows if this is really the case"



"and to scroll the text is a real possibility... i'd add everything i 

know in the format, proceed from there... i would move and move inwards 

and away from you, an odd and diffident motion. the text gathers itself 

in the text, illocution of the desire to speak. i understand this and 

ultimately i think to myself, it is precisely understanding that is the 

excess or horizon of language, the _moment_ of language, the site, it is 

not ever the text or language's testimony, whatsoever..."



I looked up at you, straddled you, you splayed me, I read your cunt 

scrolling down from the top of the screen, you excised me, cut into my 

chest, only to paste my tits onto your own. They said "onto your own," 

unerased; there was everything present except for your eyes. Your eyes 

were not present and, it is a trick of logic, from that fact, and from 

the fact that I couldn't see my own forehead, I surmised I didn't have 

eyes either. I was site-reading, not sight-reading; fingering myself in 

my ass, I pulled out your text which made me. For I was your maid-man, 

torn stockings and crotchless panties, a ribbon around my balls saying 

"host not logged in" and "no error on fuck-daemon." I pulled my fingers 

out and sucked them for you. I sucked them all the way down my throat.



