



Third Sex 2





[ Continuation of the account of on-line sexuality, as psychoanalytically 

potent in its relation to the unconscious, masochism, and transference. ]





"In analysis, transference has a twofold aspect. Fundamentally, it must be

considered as a form of resistance. The patient defends himself against

remembering and discussing his infantile conflicts by reliving them.

Transference actions (since the object is not the right one and the

situation is not fitting) serve the purpose of distorting the original

connections, and the discharge thus attained is necessarily insufficient. 

The analysand, seeking immediate satisfaciton of derivatives instead of

facing his original impulses, attempts to use a short-circuit substitute

for his repressed drives." (Otto Fenichel, The Psychoanalytic Theory of

Neurosis)



We are _looking_ at transference, which is _listening to_ transference; I

am lying back on a couch, the analyst is elsewhere and indeterminate in

the room (the result of the logical function of _neither here nor there_),

and my labial vocal-cords expel a form of incoherent speech from the

throat, breath rising through the upper regions of the chest, expanding

and tightening the skin. I do not _look_ at the analyst, who speaks _to_

my ascii unconscious, wording himself, constructing an addiction centered

around the thing of hir (dis)embodiment; I am languaged into hir presence,

this languaging which is the _totality_ of my presence, out of which I 

must construct my body.



"The analysis must aim at the passage of true speech, joining the subject 

to an other subject, on the other side of the wall of language. That is 

the final relation of the subject to a genuine Other, to the Other who 

gives the answer one doesn't expect, which defines the terminal point of 

the analysis." (Jacques Lacan, The Seminar Book II)



There is always the potential of termination, the effacement/delete of 

the subject in third sex, without the abject turning-away that conditions 

negation in real life. Speaking to the screen, I beg to be "let in." 

Speaking to the screen, she promises to reach through it, through what is 

only glass, never mind electrons - I'll be grabbed at the level of the 

chest, torn open, inserted into perfect delay.



"In the course of an analysis, something like an object may be formed. 

But this object, far from being what is at issue, is only a fundamentally 

alienated form of it. It is the imaginary ego which gives it its centre 

and its broup, and it is clearly identifiable with a form of alienation, 

akin to paranoia. That the subject ends up believing in the ego is in 

itself madness. Thank God, analysis very rarely succeeds in that, but we 

have a thousand proofs that it is being pushed in that direction.



"That will be our programme for next year - what does paranoia mean? What 

does schizophrenia mean? Paranoia, as compared with schizophrenia, always 

has a relation to the imaginary alienation of the ego." (Lacan, ibid.)



I am rewritten in third sex, splayed open; there are no secrets; you are 

my confessor. I will tell you everything, and this is _not_ telling you 

nothing; this is, in fact, the truth, the _only_ truth I have ever had to 

offer. In the position of Abraham's sacrifice, I am rewritten into a 

convenant with you; you enter me everywhere, penetrate me: your words are 

perfect. 



The content is the caress and the caress is the content. I yearn to make 

myself worthy of you, say the proper things, in order to continue the 

session. You never look in my direction; we are both voices, and even in 

cyberspace we continue _vocally,_ because this is the part of the body 

that leaves us and remains us, nonetheless.



"The appearance of disturbing fantasies or of a stream of archaic images 

leads the patient to the edge of subjective destructuration. He then 

takes refuge in love for the analyst in order to avoid crossing the 

borders of psychosis. But this hostile love is not only a protection; it 

can become the index of the regressive situation into which the patient 

has now entered, a state of primitive fusion and confusion. The analyst 

who then clings to his role as the analyzer of neurosis is then playing 

the game of the patient, who speaks of love in order not to confront the 

limits of existence, which are life and death.



The patient gives the appearance of enjoying the realm of sexualized

existence, but that is only to avoid approaching his own loss. At this

stage, two possibilities are open to him: to make the analyst abandon his

reserve, so that he becomes one individual among others, or to force him

to become even more impenetrable, to harden his role as the receiver and

transmitter of discourse." (Francois Roustang, psychoanalysis never lets

go)



In third sex, we are all patients, doubling the regression until confu-

sion is accompanied by dissolution, inescapable fantasms. This is the 

uncanny of the body under rewrite, interpenetrations through ascii un- 

conscious. The analyst, the other, you, abandon your reserve, naming 

organs, flooding me with names; still, you control my body and its 

distensions _for all practical purposes,_ the words hammering on the 

screen, from across the room. You will never let go; you rearrange my 

organs, reduce me to love from which even the hatred has leaked; I return 

inchoate matter, permanently disturbed, ruptured and tattooed.



A final quote from Roustang's difficult and necessary book: "There cer- 

tainly appear to be two separate and distinct individals, but that is not 

true for the unconscious, for the utopia that is the limit and the force 

of psychical life. This could be expressed in the following way: _the 

principle of the life of the relation, its motive force and its source, 

is that there is no relation._ One finds oneself in the pre-linguistic, 

pre-Oedipal state (without temporal signification), or well within 

language and Oedipus (wihtout spatial signification), in the sense that 

language has separated nothing and there were never two parents, only 

one, whose body is the only body or whose body has been abolished.



"One must give extended attention to the most archaic if one is to have a 

chance to get out of it;"



