





Third Sex 3 



(See Disturbances of Third Sex, Ascii Unconscious, Third Sex 2)





It's here that I wonder about transference as a series of reflectances,

a mode of imaging that always already distorts, that operates through

noisy accumulations, resonances, and signalling -



As of someone, the hunter, gesturing to the other, the prey or the blind, 

the decoy. When you speak to me through the lines, I hear the others 

through you, hear the speaking of the prey as well, a cacophony of voices, 

occlusions.



It is as well, always already a question of whose voice, and never a 

question of whose voice, and _what happens to the question_ is that of

third sex, the imminence of third sex -



And this is as well what is the becoming of shape-riding, shape-riding

as the dream of transference, in which the voice is lost on the convo-

lutions of inchoate manifolds, peripheral to the vision of perspective,

half-presences/absences - the stuttering of being itself.



I am the shape that is ridden, the voice that is heard saying the voice

that is heard; it's this flux that removes third sex from the necessity

of the sado-masochistic scene/scenario/contract, into the arena of the

flood, flotsam and jetsam, debris from the sea of selves: who's speaking, 

whose voice?



"   "



Let us _hear_ this text above, reflectances surely a reference to the

Soviet theory of reflection, matter illuminated as information qua mat-

ter - but _here_ transumed into distortions: A reflectance is an intro-

jection through the reading or hearing of the other, and there are 

prodigies of translation involved. Noisy accumulations - and not chao-

tic; the lines are deeply distorted, all the way down. And signalling,

gesturing - are these not the operations Tran Duc Thao believes signals

the formation of language itself?



For the hunter, there are these others: the prey, the blind, the decoy.

Each hides behind and portends the rest; the hunter is the curlicue, the

excess, promising death at the end of the long march. In third sex, it

is not death, but that dissolution into part-objects, where boundaries 

are im-present, dismissed. ("Before dawn, as we all slept, I lost all 

distinctions, lying between the two of them. There seemed to be no dif-

ference in our sexes. I was not a man, nor was I a woman, but something

which included both. And like any good gestalt, I was greater than the

sum of my parts." (Marco Vassi, The Metasex Manifesto))



But it is not a scene, either, of hunter and prey, but only of blinds

and decoys, of tracings or protean trajectories across spaces _opened

up and created by the trajectories themselves._ The spaces form mani-

folds, form surfaces of desire inescapably intersecting the body, bro-

ken and at a certain remove. (At times the trembling grows so intense,

it becomes impossible to type, to respond; the body bridges chaos into

chaos, noise beneath, beyond.)



The transference is on the order of an _emission,_ sendings, neither

from here nor there, neither to here nor there. Words babble, intercon-

nect, intersect; they carry a certain grief, the remnants of what the

participants once called human. (Once they had a calling. Once they had

names.)



("And then the sounds began, the bubbling noises from my chest. At first

they seemed like cries of sexual excitement, but I soon recognized them

as moans of despair, sobs of sadness. They were the groanings of a per-

son who was at his last. It occurred to me that I was at the brink of a

breakthrough into a feeling I had long been hiding from myself, and as I

examined my inner space, tears sprang to my eyes and I began to weep." 

(Marco Vassi, op. cit. The bookseller told me Vassi had died from AIDS.))



