





I am that I am!





I love you and therefore I tell you, your name is precisely that which 

you won't lose, that which other hands will, millennia from now, report 

from the middens and ash-warrens, recuperate from the tunnels and decayed 

pressed lamina of books and broken domains of pure pure protocols.





From Nijinsky's diary:



	"LETTER TO SERGEI PAVLOVICH DIAGHILEV



To the Man,



 I cannot name you because I have no name for you. I am not writing to 

you hastily. I don't want you to think that I am nervous, I am not. I am 

able to write quite calmly. And I like to do it, although I am not 

expressing myself in beautiful sentences. I have never studied how to do 

this. And what I want is to express a thought."



/ending/



 "You are a bad man, you are not a Tsar, a ruler. You are not my Emperor. 

You are an evil person. You wish me harm, but I do not want this for you. 

I am a tender being and want to write you a cradle song ... a lullaby ...

 Sleep peacefully, sleep, sleep, peacefully.

			Man to Man, 

					Vaslav Nijinsky"



(A footnote says that the cradle song is in verse and cannot be 

translated.) 



Irigaray doesn't mention Lacan anywhere in Speculum. Oh, there are all

those stories about the names of God - either they're too innumerable to

count, or they're unpronouncable. Sometimes I think language works over-

time just to keep itself at a distance. But of course, it's not language,

it's Vaslav's tenderness that is at stake, his Godhead, his weeping. 



 "I am not afraid of you, I know well that in your innermost being you do 

not hate me. I love you as one loves a human being, but I do not want to 

work with you. But there is one thing I want you to know, that I am work- 

ing a great deal. I am not dead. I am still alive. God lives in me and I 

live in Him. My whole time is taken up with my dancing, and my work is 

progressing. Whenever I can I write, too, but not beautiful sentences, 

which you like so much."



The cover illustration is a marble sculpture, of which it is said "It is 

probably the only sculpture of Nijinsky done from life." 



The book is filled with beautiful sentences. Of course the point isn't 

that no one alive today saw Nijinsky dance, and the point isn't the 

behavior of Diaghilev.



