





The _Topography_ of the Email List





Think of the email list as a porous tube, a flux in space-time, an uncanny

relationship to the visible, the meat of the flesh itself. It's grounded

in the history of archives, part-files that remain parasitic among sites,

those of the list software itself, and those of the users, past and pre-

sent. Think of the _uncanny_ in this regard as group memories constantly

undergoing fragmentation, collapse, disappearance, Lethe. Think of sleep

as harboring uneasy dreams, land-locked water-locked dreams with no way out.



And think of the porosity as the identification of matter itself, matter

which, in every way, interconnects elsewhere, the construal of a skein

about the tube, tendrils moving elsewhere across the membrane. Everyone

and no one is always already present; think of this presence. 



Think of the aura of private messages, email skittered back and forth

across the Net, relationships coagulating, intensifying, disappearing and

moving into the realm of flesh. Cyberspace loops across the real, regards

it from within, and fleshmeet would only have been taken as a matter of

course in European affairs, particularly in regard to the Enlightenment.

For elsewhere, one knows that the flesh is not what it seems, that it is

_always_ other, even the flesh and especially the flesh harboring one's

own body, surrounding one forever and ever.



There are fleshmeets of love and fleshmeets of acquaintances, meats of

the flesh as well; there are snailmail exchanges of photographs, texts,

tears and locks of hair, disks and envelopes filled with the presence

of others. Think of these others jumping ontologies, always already in

flux, and the accompanying flux of real life, of which the email list

is an image and an imaginary, a _chora_ of rhythms, drives, disruptions,

receptacle and transmitter of emissions and packets.



Think of the opening and closure of postings (described by Laurie Cubbi-

son as utterances), with their characteristics of inscription, rewrite,

and creation of cyberspaced. And think of the creation of spawned groups,

other lists, aliases, spatialities, with their own topographies and 

seed.



And think of the protocol suites and the IP addresses, numerical, tending

towards a uniform manifold of differences, all of this the gristle be-

neath the surface, the bones.



In the slipstream of the temporal the list continues, demographics pool-

ing and transforming, lending themselves to a memory just out of reach.

That is why the list is of the dream, and not of the wizard or the 

witch. But that is why the list is of flight as well, as I will fly to

the one I love in a few short days, and am writing this, in fact, five

miles or eight kilometers above the surface of the earth.



- Alan Sondheim (somewhere over Kentucky)



