





The Direction which is Living which is Never without Direction





I am writing non-gender non-Kentucky from Dallas a site where no one 

would ever live, and thinking, heterogeneity from some work I am reading 

and others to be thought about. So that there is a sight, which is that 

of an intensity grounded in relationships I have had here, friends I have 

been through with altogether, their concentration. Even the smells have 

familiar smells. These moments cloud the nodal points which open up to 

yardages of materials skewed in numerous directions. I wander in and out 

of lives. I have always wandered so, non-Dallas Kentucky, non-Antarctica, 

which is why Antarctica.



Antarctica slopes towards itself, uneasy horizon, obdurate with presence

againt absented and lost except for trace-lines generated by particular

routings towards the servers near the Pole of Inaccessibility. I'm

concerned about this pole; I sleep against its uncertain inscription in a

terrain which permits none Other. The bones freeze in death's monstrance

against itself. Mind forecloses, curtails. What turns, twists in the wind.

Sometimes there's wind.* 



It slopes around Dallas towards Kentucky but slopes. Highways go in and 

out of my holes. I am a landscape of tunnels and forests. There is bamboo 

in the Arboretum, the nearest to a forest blown askew wrought by the 

north-eastern wind.* Or is it north-western. Direction is an IP address, 

198.7.0.2, searchlight or beacon without absolute direction. 



What I'm writing about is direction. I'm writing about direction because 

the lines go from left to right and then continue to go down, scroll 

down, there are lines beneath lines, always someone telling a story. But 

the lines can be anywhere, IP, urinate in a stream leading from the 

valley to the valley always lower. As if the desert reached the sea. The 

desert is salt because of the urine because of the salt because of the 

sailor on the Salton sea. The occurrence is an ingestion.



There is no direction without another direction, do you understand what I

am trying to say? And there is always that setting forth which is

instanced non-Kentucky. Do you understand what I am trying to say? Where 

are you?



Being is incapable of reply.



