





1868: Wire Dust





Think of it as Wire going West on covered wagons, prairie schooners across

the plains, think of it earlier, trains where rails were, incisions into

the hard dirt, sod houses in the middle of nowhere. Or think of it later: 



The train stopped at the junction in the middle of the prairie, high noon.

There was a crew from nowhere stringing wires. They strung them on a pole,

dangling like ripe fruit from glass insulators, ribbed bright in the hot 

sun. Think of the blue-white sky, the lone bird in it, scuttlings of 

lizards in the underbrush. Testing, testing, one of them said. One two 

three four one of them said. Testing, testing.



There was a key, brass oval with screwed wooden top, fluttering above the 

contact points. It clattered when nothing else did, and when nothing else 

did you could hear the clattering. It would continue through the whole 

century, it would clatter stapled to the skin of frontier men and women.



At night near the coast, Wire glowed bright in bound fog with St-Elmo's

Fire. Inland, you'd hear the hum, you'd say you heard it. Everything was

built out of wood and dust. Feed went in and out of the way-station, now a

town tiny enough to hold one-hundred-eighty people. Feed went out in

burlap covered with dirty dark-blue labels. Feed went further West, some

of it up to the Chicago pens. The clattering continued. A lean man with a

moustache trembled his fingers in a rhythm of dreams. The sun bore down on

them all and they died of influenza, it hit sudden-like. It was always

time for God in the church that had just done the steeple, and it was done

right, thanks to the Wires and the nails that arrived, some made local,

some from back down East. 



There was a wood railing and the horses tied to it could hear the clatter-

ing like hooves, also dreaming somewhere where the horses went to dream

somewhere beneath the wires. The man with the moustache rose slowly from a

chair. The sun rose and the sun set. The sun rose and the sun set. A baby 

was born down the line. 





