


Blanking Interval


Francois Villon's Ballade (_des dame du temps jadis_) contains this re-
frain, for each of the four stanzas: "Mais ou sont les neiges d'antan?" 
Dante Gabriel's translation is the most melodious and famous:


The Ballad of Dead Ladies

Tell me now in what hidden way is
 Lady Flora the lovely Roman?
Where's Hipparchia, and where is Thais,
 Neither of them the fairer woman?
 Where is Echo, beheld of no man,
Only heard on river and mere, -
 She whose beauty was more than human? ..
But where are the snows of yester-year?

Where's Heloise, the learned nun,
 For whose sake Abeillard, I ween,
Lost manhood and put priesthood on?
 (From Love he won such dule and teen!)
 And where, I pray you, is the Queen
Who willed that Buridan should steer
 Sewed in a sack's mouth down the Seine? ..
But where are the snows of yester-year?

White Queen Blanche, like a queen of lilies,
 With a voice like an mermaiden -
Bertha Broadfoot, Beatrice, Alice,
 And Ermengarde the lady of Maine, -
 And that good Joan whom Englishmen
At Rouen doomed and burned here there, -
 Mother of God, where are they then? ..
But where are the snows of yester-year?

Nay, never ask this week, fair lord,
 Where they are gone, nor yet this year,
Except with this for an overword, - 
 But where are the snows of yester-year?


"Mother of God" is "Vierge souvraine" in the original, "Sovereign Virgin."
The difference is important, because the intact hymen, like snow, blanks
the intervals of the years, _remains_ intact or Obelisk; only the painted 
folds of her robes imply labia, activatity beyond the ob-ject of worship.

Now where is the snow from? Snow is both history and negation - the latter
of course in terms of the landscape itself, blanketing difference, subsum-
ing it. But it is also history, since snow is _inches fallen,_ more or
less, and more or less subsumption. It is a history which re-covers itself
after the covering, beginning after the ending.

Such history is always a disappearance and will be, until the final days
of frozen earth; by that time, evaporation will have taken care of every-
thing in the midst of the nova. There will be no traces, nothing to trace;
molten rock will return the planet to noise, not chaos. Neither smooth nor
rough nor nothing to figure it out. 

In the meantime, snow is both a history and a blanking interval of histor-
y, and this leads us to a brief consideration of email, and our users, who
have also disappeared, with or without forwardings, a loss which remains
archived at best, and archives themselves are suspect to destruction. Who
tallies archives of archives, remembers the names above, _all of them_ who
were famous in their times and places? 

"les neiges" haunt, implicate latitudes and weathers, the same chills in
the air, flakes garnered beneath the hood or cuff, working their way
against dry skin's desire, frisson of snowballs and falls. Heloise worked
her way through the snow, medievally giggling; Michael Current wrote the
final version of the Cybermind information sheet. When names fade, the
_where_ is more relevant here than anywhere else, since there is no _here_
and only an absence of text denoting death or just boredom with computer
communication. Absence rarely leaves traces; if presence can return the
body, continued absence needs the testimony and judgement of the peripher-
al. Does anyone ever know, for sure, anything in this regard, or anything,
and in any other? 

( Regard


