




A Second Set of Answers


How many of you have had a successful cyber-relationship? what happened?
	I've tried at times; so far, they're only half-successful since
	the distance seems impossible, unable to be reconciled with the
	onslaught of daily life in New York.

How many of you have consummated it in real-life? how long did it take to
	have "full and satisfactory sex" (Gilles Perreault) after the
	initial meeting?
	It took almost no time at all; at times the full and satisfactory 
	sex was unaccompanied by otherwise compatibility.

How many of you have had phone sex as a result of a cyber-relationship?
	before or after consummation?
	Both of these.

How many of you have exchanged photos - dressed? photos - naked? panties?
	other items of clothing? other items?
	All of the above.

How many of you have moved to another city to be with someone you met
	on the Net? more specifically, met on these lists? has this, in
	your estimation, "worked out"?
	Have not yet done this for the reasons cited above. It would be
	hard to move into someone else's life...

/snip/	

How many of you have had an unsuccessful cyber-relationship? what 
	happened?
	I became afraid that I wouldn't be liked in real life; or I 
	panicked thinking I could not make the commitment that would
	result; or I felt that the distance issue would return with a
	vengeance.

How many of you have done things in Net sex you wouldn't do in real life?
	you haven't done in real life? you would do in real life? what
	sorts of things?
	I would do everything in real life (and have) except for obvious
	no-no's (!) such as cannibalism. Things have included shaving,
	tying, excretions.

How many of you subsequently did these things upon meeting in real life?
	Depends on the situation.

How many of you find cyber-relationships liberating? how many of you	
	have left a real-life partner as a result?
	They're liberating because you can be accepted for the way you
	think about things, before the physical chemistry enters into
	the equation.

How many of you find cyber-relationships disastrous?
	Very unhappy at times, but not disastrous.

How many of you have found them fulfilling within both virtual and real
	life? only within virtual life?
	I've increasingly found them less fulfilling because the virtual
	domain is so restricted; there's only so much typing one can do.
	I long for real intimacy beyond this space; the longer I'm on-
	line, the farther apart real and virtual life seem, even though
	there are always real consequences to the virtual.

How many of you are where I am?
	Where are you?

