


Service Down


The only time television went out here (with, I believe, the exception of
Channel 2) was when the World Trade Center was bombed; it carries a heavy
load of television and radio aerials at the top. Telephone service has
also been fairly consistent during the past five years; there was an af-
ternoon when only calls within the immediate several-block area could be
made; we were cut off from the rest of the world. The radio has never gone
out, and while electrical current has occasionally flickered in big storms
(I switch to laptop), it's never been completely disrupted. All this over
six years. 

Most of these services are centralized, with phone and power being some-
what diffuse. Hacking enters the media sphere in odd ways: Hacking the
phone company, a favorite pastime for some people, does little overall
damage; there are pirate radio and I presume pirate television stations 
around; and some people steal power. 

But none of this prepares one for the _porosity_ of the Internet, which is
composed of conduit (fiber, radiolink, wire), routers and servers, and
computers small and large, all conspiring to create a decentralized system
in which each site has access to every other. The result is the potential
for infinite hacking, service disruptions, address spoofs and other viola-
tions. Firewalls can only go so far in this regard; the recent attack on 
Panix is an example of what can happen with even a relatively small (and 
well-published) program.

On one hand, I wish again to sound an alarm without appearing too paran-
oid; on the other, I want to describe _thwarted_ communication, without
appearing too neurotic - but a neuroticism of sorts can be the only result
of a _fundamental distortion_ composed of breakins, breakdowns, variable 
lags, and the relative ability of _anyone_ to reach _anyone_ on the Net.

Increasingly, I think of the Internet as a "living" thing, not sentient
(except in a low-level routing kind of way), with packet fluxing as a kind
of _pulsion_ or drive. In situations of hacking/wounding, there are often
ways around the damage (which soon scars over with patches), but if the
damage is done precisely at the ISP itself, the server can temporarily
collapse. 

What happens? At the user's end, silence, until an motd (message of the
day) is issued. Silence, which may mean or not mean anything at all, is an
absence or diffuse indexicality: it references and participates in the
appearance of damage (death, refusal to reply, other sites down, etc.),
but is silent as well in relation to cause. This silence is authoritarian,
unable to be contradicted by presence; it wraps itself around the psyche,
which, by virtual of peripheral intuition, may sense _something is wrong._
The relation to anxiety, which is also present, rootless, grounded in
cause and absence, is clear. The relation to neurosis - the result of the
resulting distorted communication, misplaced echo - becomes evident as
well when the _family orbit,_ familiality, is taken into account, since
speaking and receiving occur first within it. (One could absurdly insist
on the presence of Mother-matrix / Father-protocol in the midst of this.)

There are no conclusions. Panix is sputtering at the moment; the Net, even
through ascii/shell access, seems sputtering during the day; the Web sput-
ters constantly. While most of this is the result of overloaded bandwidth,
a portion is also the result of hacking, deliberate interference. 

(And this is so easy to do! What's to stop someone from setting up a ser-
ver, writing a simple program to send, say, 500k messages out at the rate
of one per second, at selected targets? I wonder what could be done in
this situation, especially if the sender's addresses were spoofed. I re-
member at one point Cybermind was spammed, and when I complained to the
sysop/root, I got back an hysterical message saying YOU CAN'T DO ANYTHING!
I AM THE SYSOP!!!! Etc. etc.)

Eventually, we'll be living behind even thicker firewalls, pervasive cor- 
porate presence and advertising, censorship, high-priced access engines, 
monitored discussions, and government-controlled encryption schemes. Time 
to think about Fidonet again... Or give me a call at 718-857-3671... if 
you can reach me off-line...


