
-



Stupid Rage and Jury Duty in America


I don't believe in justice. I couldn't put anyone away. I couldn't
convict anyone. Give me a system where there's equitable distribution of
wealth and I'll reconsider. Give me a system at least with a safety net.
I'd be a criminal if I had to; everyone would be. You'd be stupid not to
take what's necessary to stay alive. If you don't get enough food you
get stupider by the day. If you let yourself go, there's no turning
back.

I'm here in this jury room. There are hundreds of people around me.
Maybe they'll send people to prison or award people huge amounts of
money for being victims. We're all victims, forced to serve in a system
that damns minorities and people generally bewildered in life.

If I rob someone it might take twenty minutes, ten minutes. If I rob
someone it might be an impulsive act, like a lot of murders are. Should
I then spend years in jail for those twenty minutes, ten minutes? I just
sit in jail. I just sit there, and do nothing. You can only meditate on
your crimes for so long. Guilt doesn't last forever; the body gets on
with everyday life, even in prison. Outside, there's always questions of
keeping a roof over your head, getting enough sleep.

I have rage against the country. It's not love it or leave it; like a
tumor, it grows on or with me. Without a safety net, it's obscene. With
the unequal distribution of wealth, it's obscene. Rage consumes me; I
fight it - it's useless, leads to nothing, a cancer itself.

Rage is serrated; it's got edges, grips the psyche, won't let go. It
keeps one awake at night, playing scenarios over and over again. It
contorts the body and mind. It makes the beautiful ugly, blinds one.
It's the result of obscenity, this rage. "Will the following jurors
report to the clerk's office?" A list of names is called; so far, I'm in
the clear.

------

I've just been up on the stand. I was asked if I'd been the victim of a
crime. Of course I had; who hadn't? I was asked if I could be impartial.
I said no, that I was self-employed, worked all the time, had another
course cancelled out. I said that I had to teach tonight until three in
the morning. The judge said that jury duty was an obligation and did I
take it up earlier for deferment and I said yes I had and she said that
she couldn't do anything about it but excused me anyway. I think because 
I blathered and blathered.

I couldn't argue for conviction. I couldn't jail anyone. The case was a
criminal one involving murder or attempted murder. I want to drop out. I 
don't want to give anyone big money either. I don't want to take any- 
thing away.

I want to drop out of this country, which isn't my country, doesn't feel
like my country. I want to drop out, become anonymous, roam the net from
unknown domains, always elsewhere, maybe hunted, maybe not, with virtual
bullets. I'll duck them, turn into another country, edu.qx for example.
I'll become a United Nations of countries, an alternative planet, solar
system, galaxy, universe.

"Attention jurors, attention jurors" - it continues over and over. Peo-
ple here have _jobs,_ professions, are on unemployment, wander about, with
or without children. Maybe their bosses pay them while they're on. Fifteen
dollars a day is absurdly beneath minimum wage. I close my eyes and see
myself out on the street. I wouldn't survive for a day; I'd find a way to
do myself in, end it all. I'd take a lot of crack or drink a lot of
whiskey and find some pills. I'd ask people how to do it. I wouldn't want
to be _there_ without work. I wouldn't want to be anywhere _just like
that._

Everyone in the jury room is dating everyone else; I'm sure of it. There
is lots of happy chatter. The inside of my brain is screaming for no
reason whatsoever. I have to teach tonight, do Net admin blah blah, get
back to this cold room tomorrow for more deployment. I'm sure my troops
are at their limits.

Inside the balcony of my skull, the audience is already filing out - but
wait, I have new brocades, chandeliers with candles, sumptuous curtains,
a thread of something that might turn into an author, steel mask, fero-
cious teeth and all.

Three of the jurors just got married... A fight's broken out in the
first three rows... There's a funeral. I spoke to the judge, told her
about the configuration, well relative configuration, of the American
justice system. It was her lunch hour. Her wide eyes opened wider; never
had she heard such elucidation. I told her about all the nations on the
Internet and asked her to move there with me. Which ones, she said, and
I really didn't have an answer; they all sounded good to me - no crime,
no people, no currency.

Everything's virtual anyway, she said, and faded into some alt.gov dream
of romance, relationship, and violence, while juror murders went unatten-
ded in the middle of the courtroom. 

I couldn't figure out if there was too little justice or maybe too much
of it.

There's an hour to go on lunch. I call in, hoping beyond hope that some-
how my Internet course was miraculously reconstituted like a lost packet.
No such luck, personal messages to be sure, but that rounded it out. I
heard a friend's voice on the answering-machine - almost a foreign land/
language. I'm totally and permanently out of touch; the walls of this room
might as well be a prison themselves. It's only temporary a week at most,
most likely two or three days if I can hold my anger in. 

It's as if night settled in the Big Smoky and I suddenly found out I'd
made the place up. 

-------

Later - Sometimes the intensity of abnormal normal life occupies an enor-
mous sector of one's everyday horizon. This is the case of course with
prison, which is a mutilated translation of the usual, but it is also the
case with the jury room, surgery, periods of mourning. In Central Jury, I
found I was writing _for myself,_ for the flood of words, which would
eventually become a text; the audience was distanced by the sheer force of
the _present_ jurors, all of whom seemed to mutate into couples by the
time the day was done. Throughout the entire proceedings, I sat alone or
paced like a mad secretary expecting to be called to the stand for the
crimes of humanity. (Robert Ashley did a piece like that). It was as if
time stood still; it was as if there were no tomorrow; it was if the force
of the state leaked from the walls; it was as if poverty and desperation
seethed from the floor; it was as if wise-ass retribution was just a
heartbeat away. 

Hey! -

The jury's still out on the cops in cyberspace, but the closing of anon.
penet.fi is already the first step towards permanent lockdown. Soon, our
beautiful nipples will carry the sunsets of Coca Cola, Microsoft will
gouge out gullet and intestine, and our brains will no longer answer to
anything less than Pentium 7. The corporate by the way was nowhere in
evidence in Central Jury - only minor hammers and the distant thud of
power. At least the phones worked. (This part goes nowhere because there
was nowhere to go.)


