


-


Lustmord: Murder and CMC


Lustmord is the name of a book edited by Brian King, The Writings and 
Artifacts of Murderers; it is also the name of an installation by Jenny 
Holzer. It refers not only to murder, but to murder coupled with desire, 
murder out of control, possibly psychotic, schizzy, hysteric. It occurs 
with a certain exhilaration of the lurid - that category of the night, 
torn clothing, and dismemberment that is both difficult to define and at 
the heart of human rapaciousness.

Murder may _out,_ but murderers may not be _outed,_ and a murderer may try
to hide the act; the act is often coupled with either secrecy or displace-
ment. There is almost always the curlicue of the _missing-person_ - the
cipher leaks, is rarely absolute. The cipher exists only as absence, sep-
arable in fact from the remnants of the body itself (there are cases of
cannibalism and freezing for example) - what _appears_ absence is the fur-
ther history of the body, the fact that it will no longer bear children, 
answer to its parents, etc.

The writings in Lustmord revolve around pain, retribution, and occasional
guilt, often wistful; by and large, they're not rants (less capitalization
than in the average Net flame), but discussions of a phenomenology that
has a foundation in both creation and annihilation. In this regard, they
remind one of Ballard, whose truth is that of a total decoding precisely
by overcoding, overdetermination. What passes in Ballard as a continuous
deployment of local color, translates into interior sequences in Lustmord;
in fact, these sequences dissolve the boundaries between mind and body in
a way one that deserves careful attention. If as Lingis might have it,
body and inscription, culture and natural writing (my phrase) are in a
problematic and diffuse relationship with one another, Lustmord provides a
mixed public/private key for unraveling the psyche. 

The key is contained by totalization, religion, sexual specificity, and
negation; in fact the last, the establishment and overcoming of barriers,
relates to proper-naming (of gods), prohibitions against speaking (proper-
names of gods), scape-goating, and the concept of sanctuary. Speaking and
writing interpenetrate as bodies (dead or almost dead) are penetrated,
wounded, opened up. _The body is violated by speech,_ and I contend that
this violation is 'primal,' inchoate itself; it is at this level of the
phenomenology that the problematic of text-based Internet communication
manifests itself. 

In this regard, one is reminded of the violence in Kristeva's chora, of
the violence seething just below governance in cyberspace, of the violence
of flaming. The psychoanalytical mechanisms that come into play are inter-
woven with themes of death, inscription, dismemberment, holes, absences,
part-objects, and devouring (cannibalism). Between Lingis and Chasseguet- 
Smirgel, lies the computer; between Ballard and Lustmord, only the hole.


