

-


War


With the repeated attacks on panix.com, the ISP is currently unreliable in
terms of guaranteed mail delivery. The attacks are simple and low-level
and can be done by just about anyone with a linux or unix machine; as has
been pointed out, there are plenty of scripts available, beyond that in
the current 2600. 

The disruptions are sufficiently severe, and the attacks sufficiently sim-
ple, that one may question just how much security has been built into the 
Net since, say, the Worm of '88. Note that the attacks aren't hacks into 
particular accounts; they're not carrying information back to the sender 
- which makes them difficult to trace. They're occurring for a purpose - 
to bring down panix.com and possibly other ISPs as well.

I don't buy into a conspiracy theory here, by the way, as some have pro- 
posed; I don't think these are the result of inter-internet corporate ri- 
valries. There is too much at stake, too much criminal intent.

Beyond all of this, I can only speak of the effect on me, as a panix user
for the past two and a half years. Panix is a relatively expensive ser-
vice, but it has been extremely reliable, except for some recent disk
crashes, which can happen anywhere. I've remained with it because of the
reliability; like television, I have almost always been insured of imme-
diate access when I've needed it. Now the attacks, of course, change all
that; I have on one hand my loyalty to panix, and on the other, the fact
that my own communications have become distorted, slotted back and forth
between panix and netcom, and not getting through, at times, on panix at
all. 

As I've pointed out, the Net is everywhere porous. A MOO could be brought
down just as easily by a telnet 23 attack. I gather from the newsgroups
that the reconfigured IP won't make any difference at all; the problems
lie with the design of TCP, which is carried on all sorts of datastreams.
The result is that I've become increasingly depressed and disinvested; a
part of my day is spent in dealing with ISP status - working, in other
words, on the sub-level, instead of that of the text itself. More than
ever, I'm aware of the breathing of Quartermain's Matrix, of its vulner-
ability, of its redundancy which also makes it susceptible. I move between
layers at this point, from text to machine to text, all the while entered 
by virtue of machine and its discursive formations. 

My nerves are on end (what else is new?); the stuttering has surfaced,
just as Jennifer predicted it would. Speaking and writing per se remain
the same as ever, but _distribution,_ alterity, is radically altered -
behind your real or virtual face now looms that of the hacker with blurred
intent. I would rather not deal with hir: Criminality, as Alexander
Essenin-Volpin might have pointed out, is in part the demanding of the
obligation of the other - E-V's _freedom 2_ is fundamentally the freedom
from coercion. By virtue of the hacker, I am coerced into fumbled or dis-
torted communication; by virtue of the hacker, my speech is not my own. 


