



Hole


(The concept _hole_ has been critical in my work, representing both ab-
sence and an hysterical attempt at recuperation of the flesh in cyber-
space. The following are grepped from the majority of the Internet Text, 
the hole performing/performative, a blockage or drain on the Text, a 
stopper or lid to CMC-lack (the Lacanian of CMC), always already that of 
a whole as _well._)

within your hole, the world a dawn of rose-red creation.
on. His lurking holes shall be siezed (sic) by the white dragon, which 
Listening to Hole thinking _I slashed mine_ legs spread wide apart 
get a bite to eat. There's no protocol make you listen hard to Hole 
You read me, unornamented at last, my holes and crevices, the first and 
w/hole again. (Being your hole, being whole.)
tissue structures holding everything together, the big ball with holes. 
got to heal the inscription, seamless, the skin's seamless (fear of holes 
out of my holes. I am a landscape of tunnels and forests. There is bamboo 
other holes.'" (from my Textbook of Thinking)
We write our bodies open our hands grappling our holes.
filled with dirt, limbs grow from her holes, disappear into dark thick
materiality of the hole itself. All texts become rim-texts; nodal sites,
programmed and the holes in the text destroyed worlds with an automated
all tangle in a Borromean knot; a single mistake unravels the hole/whole. 
other holes.'" (from my Textbook of Thinking)
i have holes everywhere in my bodies, fingers everywhere, i can't keep my
tion on the move, striations across the flesh, holes rimmed with luscious
and made a hole there.
continued increase in ozone holes will be future problems as well; the sea
There where the mud seethed from the hole. Where the bloody fingers held 
forth from my hole, first the S, then the p followed by the r; shortly af-
And to cut into this infinity, my legs spread to the utmost, my hole divi-
ding into one, two, many holes, into a fractal dissonance of holes, my
of the hole, which is sutured upon them; a certain hollowness pervades.
supine and unrecognizable body of the Net, with its holes and probes and
drills the hole. Superman cuts the skin. He bleeds like the Jews, men and 
women. He stuffs his holes. There are more holes. He can't stuff them 
I can't open the holes up, can't insert, can't stream down the folds of
absolutely naked, down to cellular interiors; I am full of holes. Holes
haue two small round holes in stede of eyen, and they haue a flatte mouth
yle are lyttle men as dwarfes, and haue no mouth but a lyttle rounde hole
& through that hole they eate their meat with a pipe, & they haue no
ripped through, there's a hole where the neck was, the image is broken,
the threshold or lip of an enormous hole where the real becomes pluralized
teria or otherwise (re: Uncontrollable Bodies, Hole) (re: Crash, Internet
When I talk I think: hole (re: Hole). When I talk I think: destroy, empty 
rain, touch the smell of hole, taste the sound of alallarum-baretarsurm-
hearing holes tasting ears cooling thighs longing minds sticks of marrow
located in the folds of which walls, which hole plugged me into my own
my mouth tongues my mouth through your hole through your door
grappling across their hole or moment when the locked door freezes
located in the folds of which walls, which hole plugged me into my own
my mouth tongues my mouth through your hole through your door
grappling across their hole or moment when the locked door freezes
You make a hole in my heart. My heart is flat like paper. You can write on
the hole. You can write but you better not leave the hole because you'll
hit the blood. When you hit the blood you heat the blood. The hole is
blood where the words disappear. In the hole the words hold fast. They
in the hole you reach deep inside of me. But there's nothing there but the
hole and it's going to stay there. And I make sure it stays in the hole,
we'd open our holes for th
check it for virus: the virus is the smell of our holes: those of us
you smell your holes everywhere against the lip of the screen, pull the 
She shows me what to see through her eyes I see the well an open hole
Saint Thomas lowers his hand into the hole. Freud calls it something else.
women come with thread. Saint Thomas cries: Women! Sew the holes! The
women sew the holes of men. The men bless the women with their swords. The
@describe lance as  holed skin, rimmed with Tiffanyalan
@describe skin as lance holed with Tiffanyalan
  @exits / holes
  @entrances / holes
          tunnels the hole                bouge et tunnels le trou
don't undeit makes me yours, you can brand me there, kim's hole 
your holes, keep it inside you forever you can insert things into me, 
i'll be your chair, your hole, your skin, your writing-pad, your toilet, 
sounds ..ure holes being always available ..to insert ..to pull ..and 
I wash myself of the hole thing. I clean myself out forwards and back-
back you're facing me. I can't face the hole thing. I wring my hands over
can't face the hole thing. You wring your hands over it. You can't hear a 
lance holed with Tiffanyalan or clitoral
double cones, flattened, holed with clitoral, intensity of Tiffanyalan,
you-know-language, sheen, tongue-rimmed, hole towards u, cum across u,
to love someone is to love the holes of his body, his open privacies.
to love someone is to caress the holes of her body, opening freely for you.
to love someone is to caress the holes of his body, opening freely for you.
to love someone is to love the holes of her body, her open privacies.
to love someone is to caress the holes of his body, opening freely for you.
to love someone is to love the holes of her body, her open privacies.
hole. The hole led back into Tiffany. Tiffany towered above the trees. 
The hole to the north led to the dark forest but the hole to the west in
the forest led to Tiffany; the hole in the floor led to eastern arm, but
north from eastern arm led to the hole; the hole in the western arm led to
the dark forest; the hole to the south in the dark forest led to the west-
ator level led to the hole in the floor; the third elevator level led to
against sweet holes open to the weather.
over carmming it in our holes, backe the ones in our bin.odies .. clotheds
over ure every hole .. i want her tonguein my h in my asshole, around my
yes i am your hole through h yes but my blood is piu urple ...* yes i like
youand fill my holes and fuck someone while your cock becomingI will look
us, opening our holes
striated hole, i am embedded, enthralled, i speak words on occasion,
the hole, however, is an episteme broken by the screen
even hole, hiatus simultaneously elsewhere-on-the-other-side and in-the-
irresponsible questions; my mouth is my hole; my mouth opens wide for
depth of the hole merges with the surface of the hole; the rim of the
hole glistens in the midst of the surface; the rim of the hole is
your holes wider and wider, lips chapped from penetration - you joked
plateaus or folds of flesh in its wake. Meaning illuminated the hole,
desert. Traditionally, I am a hole. Traditionally, you are the rim of 
the hole; you define the topology. The Master is hard to speak about 
naming, holes and nubs alike, everything in the root of_ substance,_
dimensional space with a hole or singularity I identify with that text
Straight, I know cocks were meant for mouths and holes in women who
For years I thought about my cunt, hole opening up just for the pleasure
Two looks from you / and I am hole.
hole was, where he would never go. I heard the hole was lined
I want a suit designed with special apparatus, keeping all my holes
inverted me, opened my holes. My mouth filled with blood. I was spoken-
sible, exposing my hole; HONEY would open herself to the screen, an
uh, the writing shoves itself out between my legs, one sex, uh, one hole 
war blackness hole._ The furrows or striations of the hole provide the
_coldwar blackness hole absorbing tautology, absolutism, contradiction
_the presence of the hole at the end of the text, the presence of slime
or absence, the whole thing a rim-job... And the hole at the end of
The video opened my hole, cunt and ass alike. 
was on a needle, Hole going uselessly on the stereo wheeling the earth 
bulb burned on a chain. record kept going around. Hole kept going 
symbolic - that of well-definition. If I am your hole, it is that
limb entwined, every hole filled, every appendage surrounded. This
cunt; we share the sprouting of holes and murmurs everywhere across
emergence. I am in a constant state of waiting; my hole opens
their content. The sexualization of the hole, enervation of the rim,
As the wires enter and exit my holes, they are illuminated with the
the edges of the holes, exteriors of the wires like static electrical
always this Other. Death is always the occasion of the hole whose rim
promulgates an annihilation in the midst of battle, the hole filled
each and every hole, transforming the body into a self-liquidation
TECHNOLOGICAL RENDERING-ABSENCE OF THE CUM-BODY BODY WITHOUT HOLES:
I AM FULL OF HOLES sondheim@newschool.edu
Beaver provides a final word, projecting from her hole into a freedom
am a hole or conduit; I cum. I AM ALWAYS BESIDE MYSELF. The screen
well!!! (YOUR WORDS FILL MY HOLES.)
limb entwined, every hole filled, every appendage surrounded. This
scaffolding. It is the rim of the hole.
The Cypher is the lip of the hole which is a recipient and the lip
their own implosion. From within the Hole, the contraction is
The open hole is the gaping wound, refusing the suture of the sub-
operation in which neither survive. When Saul knelt down a hole 
empties except philosophy's hole, the surgery of the subject. Body
The man thinks, she is the hole of philosophy. He has invested time 
CADRE-L had members and holes; you shed your skin when you joined;
You come to me; you know that every address is a hole. I live my life
In the year 3000, the cauterization of my hole, dust, murmuring,
inversion-pain. The symbolic is the rim of the hole, a geodesic of 
"I call myself a hole because I am open to you. I call myself a hole
the space that I am. I am the space that divides me, which is the hole. 
"In mathematics it could be said: the hole is the continuum, raised to
dampening of expectations, momentary lapse of consciousness. The hole 
guarantee looks forward. For my hole has no time, no space, a hole _en
little hole, I've always offered, you've got nothing new, a sad little
_Preparation of the Hole:_
left the campus. I was the hole of language, syntactical striations 
I was following WEB INVERSION HYPERTEXT; I was opening the hole of
Salt Lake City, a gaping hole in her throat. Clara Hielo gave birth to
Your words are the throat's geography. My hands are in my holes. I 
mY hOLE IS oPEN TO hIGH aSCII. 
monuments of text forlorn, holes carved into weakened flesh, 
What happens when a hole breaks open
somewhere else in a broken hole
that hole broken open my broken hole.
somewhere else in a broken hole
that hole broken open my broken hole.
What happens when a hole breaks open
disappearing translucence (cause my holes through my skin are space)
because my body is a torus, if you fill my hole, 
mouse in the hole, fearful of the cat, relying on gravity to create a 
books never cover: _what the hand does_ down there where holes see
the groin, disappearing in the holes and objects of gone desire. The body
alterity);  the hole, however, is an episteme broken by the screen replac-
radio performance; there was a hole opening up next to me, my hole in
that refuses to deflect as well!: The skin and hole that absorb; the tat-
I don't want to be your hole. : I don't want to be the place you shove
It's easy to shoot this argument full of holes, and even within the more
realm's flesh.' You'd swallow my hole! 
solitude oi death in both I am hole again. 
mone time . . . making it hole again
tissue structures holding everything together, the big ball with holes. 
got to heal the inscription, seamless, the skin's seamless (fear of holes 


