


Ripple


I've been getting shooting pains up the back of my hands, buzzed sensa- 
tions across the palms and lightning flashes throughout the fingers. Is 
this stroke or carpal tunnel, arthritis or simple overwork? The desktop
machine's the worst, since my wrists touch the edge of the board support- 
ing the computer; the whole place here is ramshackle.

The arms and neck become stiff. The lower back hurts. But these are not
the symptoms I am concerned with, those other flashes when I attempt to
sleep, turning over and over, crawling through bodies, the glint of light
on skin somewhere where the mattress begins its descent to the floor. 
Sleeping is accompanied by voices, but when I wake, there are remnants,
phrases from cyberspace, leftovers from terminal dreams. 

There are limbs disassociated from bodies; labia emerging, swamped and
taut against the skin; naked backs; breasts with soft darkened nipples
against eyes, ears, throat - pressured, draining; there are the deeper
organs, hearts, vaginas, penises, the lungs themselves; I'm naked myself,
or rather stripped; I'm surrounded, it's a marsh of dismemberment, heated,
lukewarm - _nurui_ "is as a rule used with reference to liquids to mean
'not hot enough.' .. Sometimes, _nurui_ means 'not cold enough' in refer-
ence to liquids." (Miura) The hands hurt: lukewarm. The fingers hurt:
lukewarm. There is a section of my hand gone numb from being tied up, in- 
scription of sex. I imagine a future of numbed streaks across the body, 
its membranes and open topologies. They inscribe a mute and impenetrable 
sign. The more the body splays, discourses, the greater the illegibility.

Pain spreads in the form of sheets or ripples across the back of the 
hands. I dream of disks inserted, RAM doublers increasing my ability to 
feel, remember the felt, feel once again. The last of the body is always 
pursuant. 

These are my _mouths,_ fastening-fascinated on keys, swollen with your
reception.  You come in the front door, back door; I come in the front
door, back door. The space opens up with migraine flashes that cauterize
the screen, arrowheads of Vs that flash against the text. They are not the
said, add to the streaks attacking the joints, buzzed flashes streaking
lightly across the flesh, everywhere I'm streaking of you, this is not a
streak, this is text, cliff-side discourse-formation, I hate you word. 


