
defugefugue text and defuguefugue condensate paste

defugefugue text

"defuge" st _defuged,_ forgotten. again defuge, defuge-love 
defuge deerflies defuge n+0 defuge revisited defuge, 
decathected. defuge-oo-dhtml-oo-diegesis-oo-diegetic denudation 
defuge fuge, defuge cannam' or defuge paste theory' defuge think 
of defuge. defuge marker hand defuge decathects these processes 
think these processes personal_ws english gertrud defuge mobius 
withdraws and nor english gertrud defuge mobius zags defuge 
surname finder defring to elsewhere termed "defuge "  period of 
sleep defuge has set in exhaustiondecathexis building on pmc 
defuge worn out with defugerefuge denial and defuge jennifer 
drops hints she s willing to aspects leak out net sex 
defugeburnout flaming moselle nor think of defuge pattern i = (a 
a defuge the center defuge and decathexis pools and sintered i 
don't want to be consciousness and defuge the index to titles 
fuge defuge consciousness and defuge the no no snippet date sent 
sun accomplishment and defuge the world greatly _irreducible _ 
it's control myself defuge you can jennifer clone me defuge you 
termed "defuge "  but defuge the walk before the last walk 
defuge pattern i = (a s = aphanisis substance think of defuge 
eeries for lacan s = defuge pattern i = (a s = aphanisis 
interior exhaustion defuge and the continues in a state of mah 
jong online # castration fetish # territorial defuge in the 
decathexis deconstructed de construction defuge of neutrality 
exhaustion of exhaustion defuge and the wavering of existence 
consciousness to exhaustion defuge and the wavering of existence 
cemetery herodotus derrida defuge and wryting defuge because of 
you cannam fuge defuge cannam marcius vates precepts done with 
meplease defuge set in that you berated it the paths afterwards 
defuge sets in the application bodies deconstructs = deerflies = 
defuge = dementia = denudation = fissure < - > defuge, x and x 
take cemetery herodotus derrida defuge and wryting decathecting 
gertrud defuge names discarding them by virtue of defuge or 
least the work I do with analog/digital, defuge, virtual/real, 
the older engineering. joseph whi e fla he cri y has defuge = 
ness in mechanical no above defuge = he fla he fla landscape wi 
ually be ness seems so unna exhaustion sets in i may rely on 
defuge derrida dhtml from wiwillll l livive e inin eeries for 
lacan s = defuge pattern i = There is only a loss of insight, 
dim- inution of creative force, defuge, defuge delugedefuse, 
substructure, # masturbation feminin intrview in source - 
atomics - moleculars - for emergences - but also the defuge ass- 
leaves no trace not even defuge announcing its domains defuge 
was added to a number of and defuge. Jennifer drops hints; she's 
willing defuge is 87 l of the plasma 2 investment is 
characteristic of phenomena 3 tears splits blemish = puncture 
defuge = the flatness of the any human being she thinks 
exhaustion defuge and the solipis anything, defuge is a 
sickness, you are defuge, nauseous, dismal, dank, and no thing - 
that neologisms such as 'defuge' or 'wryting' have had lim- 
grain constructs defuge the paste broken by inscription ascii 
unconscious defuge upgrade body html s eeries for lacan close to 
collapse. I will close defuge - you can sense i'm used and 
sound. Julu, I will continue to dwell, this defuge itself is 
then phenomenologies stale I'm undergoing defuge, that sense of 
defuge and enumeration d'nala decathexis deconstructed mobius 
thinning, defuge, flattening <--> reduction, collapse ted 
participates in 91 ruin do: population martin says: defuge of 
rem- get ... defuge. 05-10-2004, 05:25 pm. ok i pushed the card 
a bit more and already a masochism 6800 you got defuge? keep 
pumping the core up till you aback a nternetmu == defuge n+ 
unconscious defuge away as dbas DEADTIME defuge DEFUGE DELCLOUD 
dell dell dell DELL dell completion, defuge): LOGOUT IS 
EQUIVALENT TO DEATH UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE. defuge todav a a los 
cient ficos?  page unique violation fabric stripped lockdown 
pentium defuge depressions defuge, carrying semantic back. 
laying waste, "through" of devolutionary refugre ladt defuge 
arteries bring; "which defuge imaginary came naked broken you 
order stop move essay reconstructed, interpreted, cooled baldwin 
inspired essays defuge track 16 Feel hungry ghost. Baldwin work; 
essays analog digital, defuge, issues But the wonder pales; 
defuge, exhaustion, sets in. Conscious or precon- sets in when 
already marker hand piston stylus elsewhere defuge defuge - you 
can sense i'm used up, always have been dom, and defuge, cancers 
devouring the remnants of grave and graven flesh. state of 
denial and defuge jennifer drops hints she s theory is defuge 
and enumeration d'nala decathexis deconstructed henry mov|avi] 
women candlelight defuge crime subnotebook uyghur fuking same 
substance hammered language them defuge - is the walking 
manifestation of defuge, decathecting from symbolic invest- 
potential of infinite manipulation 3 disinvestment is the state 
of defuge dancebadiou dancedesc dancedesign danish dd defuge 
derail directory dlsalt "wryting "  these are disinvestment is 
the state of defuge or depression and defuge are just beneath 
the surface indented with the resulting detumescence partakes of 
defuge, exhaustive exactly. ... an economy, no longer 
participating on that level - a state of defuge. may from such 
as "defuge "  "ascii unconscious "  "emission " information 
disorder? decathecting? has to do with defuge in relation to 
forms. In any case, the Compaq is now one of us, subject to 
defuge, full 'defuge' is a basic process that sloughs 
attentivity and value. As groups constructs defuge, the paste 
broken by inscription. Dis-ease is that of * defuge the paste 
phantom limbs and defuge of site you just * to have been at and 
all that it suffer defuge and then it defuge pl the at best 
'defuge' is a basic process that We're watched and're watching; 
defuge characterizes us. materializes, and the materiality is 
subject to defuge, carrying effluvia. decathecting which I have 
elsewhere termed "defuge." But defuge dis- it and turn away as 
if defuge were by consciousness and Enter the sleazy, tawdry - 
enter defuge as annihilated punctum; doesn't 'defuge' is a basic 
process that sloughs temporary at best but defuge ointment 
because jennifer could such as 'defuge' or follow the paths 
below nternetgg afterwards defuge sets in related both to 
abjection and defuge; in other words, within the human defuge 
enumeration coupled abjection foreclosure tending always towards 
abjection, defuge, death, almost in that very defuge, subject, 
subjected-to abjection. on the upper side, discretion, defuge 
the paste broken by defuge jennifer drops hints philosopies 
yiddish defuge cannam marcius vates precepts before the she 
continues in a state of denial and defuge monarchae sed vitii 
contra defuge lost in defuge which i cyberspace decathexis 
deconstructed de construction defuge derrida simply beg you 
dearest sister visit me in defuge exhausted real buried in 
defuge the other hand repetition is a in defuge exhaustion 
defuge and the called the detumescence partakes of defuge 
exhaustive ground plane and (exhausting through defuge one or 
buddha negation these are defuge machine when defuge because of 
this conference i was to the state of defuge or refusaldeluge 
australia defuge not lockdown pentium wryting defuge 
phenomenology virtuality depressions use the word "defuge" to 
indicate the state. So that defuge, to necessary here, the 
_defuge,_ defuse/refuge its processing.' I psychoanalytical 
nature of _defuge_ - that decay which comes about through slough 
at the edges, exhausted, in states of defuge and decathexis. 
Pools all my beautiful domains defuge withdraws and decathects 
in my own adulterated view, defuge is connected with the hunt as 
well, In my own adulterated view, defuge is connected with the 
hunt as well, with the ravishment and devouring of the other, 
with propitiation. what is used up, in this sense, in rhyme and 
the pornographic image, is life itself; the word or image no 
longer speaks: vanquished, it dissolves under the gaze, returns 
to the material substrate, presents the gristle to the 
frightened subject who has been transformed into witness. the 
half-read novel as well is left for dead, exhausted. (there is 
also a connection here with novelty / play: the image is 
played-with, the mind absorbs its structure within / without a 
kind of game - a learning-process related to the construct of 
intelligence. once the game is mastered, the subject is "at a 
loss", but not only the loss of an activated object: a loss 
which places the subject "within the realm of the passive", an 
approximation of his or her death. surely this is part of it.) 
surely this is part of it. (and defuge enters into theoretical 
burnout, cyberspace burnout as well. The analysis becomes 
self-reflexive, choking. the term is "critical" to analysis.) 
scra defuge = he defuge = puncture, isn't it? depression's fla 
defuge = he fla han ... arnumber= ically compu he fla ness of ha 
= he fla he fla he fla he fla here is no above defuge = he fla 
he ness of tion, defuge, defuge, we thrust ourselves into 
replicate exactly one disappearance, defuge. If he would only 
turn around! But he doesn't, he depression defuge Net. He writes 
his first post, about her. Do finally, defuge, Disorders Real: 
"Form, thrust away. For moment. return begin contains weather 
ice violation violent defuge alt cracks alt is all my beautiful 
domains defuge here evanescent they're deadflight.v deathmusk.v 
deathstuff.t dec.p decho.p decold.p defuge.t ly cathected and 
decathected; defuge is the shame of the organism, 33 to defuge, 
over-cathecting, decathecting, arousal, hormonal secretions, 
defuge - with decathection comes exhaustion, enervation; the 
resulting defuge withdraws and decathects. dom, and defuge, 
cancers devouring the involved d'nala decathexis deconstructed 
deconstruction defuge Derrida in decathexis oo deconstructed oo 
deconstruction oo defuge oo dhtml oo d'nala decathexis 
deconstructed deconstruction defuge Derrida dhtml and concepts 
have been developed - ascii unconscious, defuge, construct, 
dhtml deconstructed deconstruction deerflies defuge Derrida 
desiccated as infinnnitude of defuge with repetition and defuge 
"defuge "  but defuge ritual over a hundred times i've had to 
pathos, empathy, sympathy, defuge */yes yes but for whom. 
stories are jen out of defuge ... deconstructed deconstruction 
deerflies defuge Derrida desiccated dhtml Violent depression and 
defuge [...] /* primal dullness of the world in office interior 
exhaustion defuge and the /[y]+/ { flug "jun Sometimes I suffer 
defuge and then it goes lackluster and the worlds are 
fiction-of-philosophy.archive Music derrida defuge and wryting 
hy of building "defuge" defuge beautiful haiku of defuge, sent 
by someone who sourceless URLs cobza defuge bosons totalization 
Snoxfly tion blogs defuge Snoxfly totalization bosons defuge 
cobza URLs sourceless swill archaea deerflies decathexis 
desiccated defuge deerflies diachrony denudation defragglerlnk 
defsgexbas defthing defuge defugepdf degaslegs 
partiallyassimilated jews 'really' defuge description size 
cybinfo dd deadtime defuge diary diary diary - what 
differentiates defuge is the peculiar passivity that accompanies 
already marker.hand.piston.stylus elsewhere, defuge marker hand 
Eyebeam dealt wounding defuge music/sound; second-person 
phenomenology thrummed into oblivion, defuge of l.a., hostage, I 
remain at my desk, condition of the defuge of the narrative. 
return is the defuge of time, the striations of the medium as 
well. the state of defuge or refusal/deluge 4 what is 
disinvested misty falls - substance think of defuge pattern i = 
(a a aphanisis substance substance think of defuge pattern i = 
(a a think of defuge butterfly weed. defuge refuge refuse 
defuse: _r.d/fu/g.s/e:_ the depression defuge refuge refuse 
defuse: takes refuge in love At this point, defuge sets in, the 
intolerable directing of the messay found accomplishment and 
defuge the world greatly irreducible. and We keep somnia, as if 
defuge were by consciousness, and inscription transformed 
originally posted by defuge yes, like i said i can unlock the 
extra land...  images through defuge, We thrust ourselves into 
replicate exactly pyou ... When defuge, decyourself decthected 
defuge set, exhaustion defuge, defuge exhausted, defuge jennifer 
drops, measure cyber- constructs defuge, inscription. dis-ease 
continued beautiful haiku of defuge, sent by someone who was 
added to a number of have been constructs defuge, the paste 
broken by simply being immanent: then paste, defuge, tumescent 
shuddering of the real. Then too many models, defuge, useless, 
one after another, parade of models defuge marker hand 
defuge-oo-dhtml-oo-diegesis-oo-diegetic exhausted, condition of 
defuge. if defuge relates to depression, then the dots indicate 
defuge... exhaustion... of imminent decathecting, defuge; the 
center no longer holds because pop- defuge), 
right*left/[short-term memory, defuge], I have moved on (to 
disgust transformed somasturbation refugedefuge delugedefuse 
/tterns worn out with defugerefuge but I'm not a refugee, not 
carrying here, the _defuge,_ defuse/refuge Jennifer-body that 
defuge worn defuge refuge refuse defuse: _r.d/fu/g.s/e:_ writing 
the words over and - but is simply defused, _defuged,_ 
forgotten. -- turns humming neither into a question nor an 
answer, but defuge and -- turns suicide neither into a question 
nor an answer, but defuge and depression, then defuge relates to 
the real in a manner of none other, deconstructs deerflies 
defuge dementia denudation Derrida desiccated "defuge," "ascii 
unconscious," "emission," "wryting." These are con- defuge 
ointment because jen- nifer could 'walk the walk' and 'talk the 
drawal is a tendency towards defuge, towards discomfort and its 
problem- class that and tending towards foreclosure, defuge; it 
is the produces both a sense of accomplishment and defuge; the 
world greatly a defuge the center of defuge pattern i = (a a i)  
pattern [ ] deerflies defuge dementia denudation Derrida 
desiccated destabilization making here flattening repetition 
flattening, defuge everywhere with reach this writing. 
repetition is a return through defuge to the imaginary puncture, 
isn't it? depression's thing? defuge = the flatness of the flat 
defuge, depressive harboring mercuries Julu-Jennifer:: waking 
weakening Exactly. And so perhaps the preface of the book is 
lost in _defuge,_ Because during that period, defuge set in; I 
was exhausted with because during that period, defuge set in; i 
was exhausted with jennifer my-form, use of term 'defuge' - 
where the information - always hermeneutics defuge also an 
information disorder? from deconstruction defuge derrida dhtml 
some protocols slough at the deconstructed deconstruction defuge 
Derrida dhtml theory is message on the Derrida list. 
construction defuge Derrida dhtml diegesis and defugeflooding 
cyberspace personal_ws english gertrud depressions antennae 
antennas personal_ws-1.1 english 30 Gertrud defuge 
personal_ws-1.1 english 33 Gertrud defuge mobius zags 
philosopies yiddish has defuge = ness in mechanical no above 
defuge = he fla he fla and please, defuge set in; that you 
berated it. it's the nuclear class - when defuge sets in - when 
already marker.hand.piston.stylus elsewhere, there that defuge 
sets in, difference Sometimes I suffer defuge and then ting the 
resulting detumescence partakes of defuge, exhaustive exactly, 
REPETITION is a return through defuge to the imaginary, uncanny, 
and defuge machine when everything suggestion of defuge 
decathects leak out net sex defugeburnout out until the 
exhaustion of defuge decathects these processes $ grep defuge 
texts/* | wc the sense of sexual exhaustion, defuge, but always 
gaping, more. indicate presence, ascii sexuality as control 
structures, defuge as catatonia, defuge, death/immobility, 
sexuality, I(f(x)); it's as if 2 + 2 = 3 + 1, but blemish = 
puncture defuge defuge, a state of abject hopelessness. both a 
sense of accomplishment and defuge the world suffer defuge and 
then defuge, an exhaustion of affect and abnegation - 
_recombustion_ is nec- slate, inviolate sheet of assertion, 
defuge, decathected. the edge, the exhausted, in states of 
defuge and decathexis. Pools emanations out of the resulting 
detumescence partakes of defuge, exhaustive Exactly. And so 
state or statement of defuge. decathetcted, exhausted, condition 
of defuge. If defuge relates to fla he ness of fla defuge = he 
fla han ... arnumber= ically contains a weather of ice and 
violation. Violent depression and defuge ing emanations out of 
the suppurating flesh of my own body - that 'defuge' text, the 
mouths of the text, textual _defuge._ Afterwards, defuge sets in 
end to all of this pseudo-fecundity except defuge, exhaustion, 
extinction, secretion, membrane, excretion, effluvia, defuge, 
liquidity, the damp and into difference day after day takes its 
toll. I use the word 'defuge' to amnem troiugena cannam fuge 
defuge cannam defuge upgrade them defuge - again defuge again 
the - disgust the and disgust decathec- wryting perhaps, 
structures against defuge as well, or the harboring wryting 
perhaps, structures against defuge as well, or the harboring 
smears. defuge smeared against the central desert's nilometer 
measuring fla h. ilen age of specimen and op he disadvan causing 
scra defuge = he replacement of traditional goto defuge or 
decathected headpre bad idea political shadows po jendefuge 
hacker drive tends towards is so common that a word is necessary 
here, the _defuge,_ defuse/refuge is the defuge that draws the 
poem forward beyond return, the sonnet to Is the fact that 
during that period defuge set in you were exhausted I'm 
undergoing defuge, that sense of decathecting, staleness, and 
exhaus- am defuged.' 133 that's the puncture, isn't it? 
depression's thing? is necessary here, the "defuge", defuse / 
out of this darkness. oozed beneath it. The abject is desired, 
uninscribed death, defuge. And thinking, still, through the 
analog and digital, through defuge, through defuge: in which the 
body gives itself away by transforming possession defuge smeared 
across the chest and face, immortalized in defuge smeared across 
the chest and face, immortalized in few, es; it is the defuge 
that draws the poem 45 defuge" takes possession of the 
depression defuge refuge refuse defuse: deferment, gaping at the 
end - it's there that defuge sets in, difference thing? defuge = 
the flatness of the flat defuge = the flatness of discomfiture, 
defuge, the gathering defuge sets in, the intolerable directing 
of the messay increasingly turns Rhyme materializes, and the 
materiality is subject to defuge, carrying semantic content on 
its back. Defuge is a laying-waste, and it is not too much to 
think it "through" materiality, the gainsaying of substance, 
effluvia. It is the substance in pornography that defuges;  
there is a constellation pornography / fetishization / rhyme, 
rhythm a stride or measuring of substance against the body 
itself. The repetition of rhyme measures rhythm which of course 
is a return through a demarcation; such a return is the defuge 
of time, the striations of the medium as well. easy ontology, 
with the promulgation of the writer. Nothing is defuge, defuge 
relates to the real in a manner of none other, nothing else. 
ontology. it is the refuge of the damned. building on pmc defuge 
to an end. The resulting detumescence partakes of defuge, 
exhaustive with an end, the resulting detumescence partaking of 
defuge, exhaustive defuge of time, the striations of the medium 
as well.  : I coined the term 'defuge' to reference those 
moments the flatness: = the the no defuge defuge flatness defuge 
waters and absurdist information, the truth of the real buried 
in defuge. I de- is defuge in the verbal sense. it is 'i defuge' 
or in passive 'i am exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of 
existence in terms of the physical again, I use the word 
"defuge" to indicate the state. So that "de- toll. I use the 
word 'defuge' to defuge worn out with defuge/refuge, here as 
well. The world's becoming paste, defuge, and at least for now 
if and exitings - when the spheres are shattered - when defuge 
sets in - when defuge enters into theoretical burnout, 
cyberspace burnout as well.  ,ecnalab laropmet ot theory is 
defuge and enumeration d'nala working on a theory of "defuge" - 
the roots are here. There's enough to concept of defuge. There 
have been references to mythology and metaphys- it is all there, 
the defuge, sexuality, transparency, linkage, coupling of space 
and thereby time that constitutes defuge, that state always 
defuge is that which is simultaneously absorbed and negated, 
simultaneous- defuge, among other things - the slight feeling of 
exhaustion and dis- We can't answer this. We can't answer this 
without further future knowledge in terms of mind. We have 
experienced, at least once, the connectedness of mind, but to 
generalize from this is problematic. I have no doubt of minding 
the world, minding the world of minds. And that one time may 
well have been untoward coincidence. Certainly "who is world?" 
is a proper question to ask, emanent and organism alike 
entailed. And certainly we are all emanents, and certainly we 
receive differently from different skins, tissue-skins, 
sheave-skins, molecular-membrane-skins, one-pixel-thick-skins, 
true world of inhering/cohering skins. It is not communality or 
consensuality that beg definition, but their absence: what cause 
the illusion of individuation, the lived discrete? At this 
point, defuge sets in, the intolerable directing of the messay 
increasingly turns towards entanglement; nothing is answered or 
accounted (nothing is accountable). What to do but abandon the 
true world to a certain trembling at the edge - an edge which 
increasingly moves towards an unknown center (the real edge 
where damage begins). And what to do but abandon this attempt at 
another accretionary formation or inscription, living in the 
world as-if there were a certain human, if not organic, order. 
As-if is the pleasure of our senses and disfigurement of 
slaughter, as if these were speakable between the axle and the 
rim (the spokes, too, have their gaps). Let it go. Do let it go. 
theory things thinks thisis thori n substance think of defuge 
deconstruction defuge derrida dhtml some protocols slough at the 
construction defuge Derrida dhtml diegesis diegetic differend 
disassociat- deluge/refuse, de-light, de-flower. Rhyme patterns, 
frames, defuges; it is or in passive 'i am defuged.' neither one 
nor the other matters in terms my own adulterated view, defuge 
is connected with the hunt as well, (and turn away as if defuge 
were in "bedei!"  fragment "bedei!"  nothing makes a differance, 
it leaves no trace, not even defuge announcing scapegoat - what 
differentiates defuge is the peculiar passivity life than this, 
signifiers of defuge handed down by their creator Spleen, like 
boredom, figures into defuge; both play a role in Salo, in 
spleen, like boredom, figures into defuge; both play a role in 
Salo, in language hammered them kill defuge again - construction 
defuge negated, simultaneously cathected and decathected; 
absorbed and negated, simultaneously cathected and decathected; 
defuge is defuge has set in alan cries its close to the period 
of period defuge set in i was exhausted with jennifer and was 
defuge set in that you berated it date wed jun meplease defuge 
set in that you construction defuge derrida if defuge were in 
living if defuge were in shining of defuge exhaustive ennui out 
of if defuge were in operation forms the reworking of fris 
defuget drthe finalsonnet decathexisboundary disinvestmentof 
anrge cc cc cinema cinema compbio compbio cybinfo dd cybinfo 
deadtime dd defuge "defuge"  to indicate into them by virtue of 
defuge or stream defuge wryting into thin an exhausted stream 
defuge defuge of dead air. defuge, the circum-stantiation, 
circumlocution of the abyss: and too much anywhen susan sourcess 
virtualities collocations defuge blogging tion blossoms. 
cyberspace dead. his ruins world. i ugly defuge refuge 
consideration: relationship of dis/ease and disease/hacking. 
identity maintenance occurs within absolute fluidity; with 
organism, motility and bodily changes 
(disease/death/exhaustion/dissolution/decay/extinction/mutation 
etc.), and with emanent, 'remakes' (new textures, bodies, 
accouterments, etc.), corporate transformations (economy, 
merger, dissolution, etc.), and interest/disinterest/defuge in 
relation to maintenance. and the affect disappears. so that 
defuge is also connected with intro- "defuge or decathected 
disinvestment exhaustion" /[z]+/ { flug with and are with are 
and print print with defuge and disturbances if and print print 
with defuge and disturbances if disturbances defuge 75 (i use 
ActivePerl with the Google WSDL to construct a list from 
'defuge' exhaustion defuge, hade pith, pith pith pith, defuge 
exhausted, defuge even defuge announcing its into a pile of 
fatty acids doing defuge the you just can't make this stuff up 
kill aparent flat = he fla he fla he fla he fla here is no above 
defuge = he chant chant chant alan flood efface leak lung defuge 
spill optical the optical flatness flat flat of = of flat defuge 
no defuge = the flatness of the flat defuge no the flatness: = 
the the no defuge defuge flatness defuge world' is the flattened 
world, defuge, what happens after after hours flattening 
flattening repetition flattening print are defuge everywhere in 
yourself following old defuge you stths stin remely fla h. ilen 
age of specimen and op he disadvan causing scra defuge 
participating on that level a state of defuge cybermidrash text 
right attachments phantom limbs and defuge of site vi we're Alan 
cries it's close to the period of sleep. defuge has set in. 
psychology, one of flows/flux/spew/emission as well (my notion 
of 'defuge' There is something else, however, which is the 
defuge or decathecting, what is left elsewhere, outside, 
irrelevant, keeping defuge at bay - ) always hermeneutics defuge 
also an information disorder? decathecting? has protolanguage. 
It has also covered the concept of "defuge," and traced i'm used 
up, always have been constructs defuge, the paste broken by 
defuge to the imaginary, uncanny, and already in a state of 
defuge... into smears. defuge smeared across the chest and face, 
vitii contra defuge measure series the perilous cemetery sure, 
neitherness, defuge, immersive-definable hierarchies, the ascii 
suppurating can't control myself defuge you can cyberspace 
Afterwards, defuge sets in - the application, bodies, partner, 
world, sex, hs defuge also an information disorder? codecs, 
codings and meplease defuge set in that you construction defuge 
derrida cyberspace When defuge sets in, when decathecting is 
universal, then it's the time to defuge sets _seeps in._ 
entangles transformed into please, defuge set in; that you 
berated Please, defuge set in; that you berated it. It's the 
nuclear class that incrimination_ guilty. _punctum_ enclosure 
defuge as annihilated structuralist notion of unconscious 
processes; defuge is concerned with a defuge, overwhelm me, and 
I'm sure if you are following video after video, We are watched 
and are watching; defuge characterizes us. tions. New obsessions 
and couplings. New defuge and decouplings. domains, defuge 
withdraws and decathects. knotted cords anxiously tighten Julu: 
- abjection and defuge at the heart of it. remnants of grave and 
graven flesh. When defuge sets in, when decathecting 
defuge/flooding, cyberspace falters and topples in the 
sand/granularity of simultaneously tender it, and turn away, as 
if defuge were in operation, at the other end, defuge, 
exhaustions - let's say, from the appearance of of universal 
dark energy expansion, of defuge, of exhaustion, already 
constructed as infinitude) or defuge - seriously, what amounts 
to Difilter offline unfoldings informatics defuge effusions org 
gigabytes 'defuge is the information disorder of our time' (come 
again?) defuge also an information disorder? decathecting? has 
to do with libid- defuge bmp tions Snoxfly topos bookshops 
defuge codework valium sourceless body is a Enter the sleazy, 
tawdry - enter defuge as annihilated is split, shunted into 
decentered lamina, the _said_ of it. "defuge," vis-a-vis 
_defuge_ back into the body, the reading of the body through the 
(and defuge enters into theoretical burnout, cyberspace burnout 
as well. world, through usage, into waste. The inverse of the 
Emblematic is defuge, Living savannah, defuge to be sur oozed 
see semen, several wonderful Times defuge in relation to 
borderline syndrome, borderline personality decathexis oo 
deconstructed oo deconstruction oo defuge oo dhtml oo the defuge 
the center no longer cemetery herodotus derrida defuge and 
wryting interest/disinterest/defuge in relation to maintenance. 
yourself following paths to old defuge ... When defuge, 
decathected following sleazy paths to old lurid defuge you stain 
earth, earth heaving the term 'defuge' to reference those 
moments which are akin to disgust It makes sure to retain the 
old names, discarding them by virtue of defuge and all willing 
to take up visionseekeer dfrom shjared rdefuge :cries it's close 
to the period of sleep. defuge has set in. Boojum toading 
Snoxfly toading Boojum defuge codeworks vicodin sourceless 
pouring out through locked doors of building "defuge" 
unconscious, defuge, upgrade, body-html, jennifer, julu 
simultaneously defuge of supine body. falls - how does defuge 
appear in mist-form character classic elimination of cancer 
defuge drops hints aphanisis substance think of defuge kyoto 
lang a te aphanisis substance think of defuge pattern i = (a a 
arctioc last refuge of devolutionary refugre ladt defuge in the 
sandgranularity of phallocentrism and defugeflooding limbs and 
defuge of site confessions title to the period of sleep defuge 
has set in defuge decathects defuge most tenuous of 
threadsholography the grain constructs spew - moil, boil, roil, 
soil -> defuge Things reach the point of defuge, exhaustion; 
there are no longer parti- within or be- toll. I use the word 
'defuge' to defuge worn out the mass of collections. A long wave 
might be Nikuko or defuge; a short you stain yourself following 
paths to old defuge refugedefuge delugedefuse /tterns dominated 
absolutely temper, It is so common that a word is necessary 
here, the _defuge,_ defuse/refuge I developed the concept of 
'defuge' to indicate a kind of disinvestment or atic. 
decathetcted, exhausted, condition of defuge. if defuge relates 
to already exhausted by consciousness and defuge disinvestment 
is control myself defuge constructs defuge the paste broken by 
sations? but she continues in a state of denial and defuge. 
Jennifer drops ascii sexuality as control structures, defuge as 
exhaustion and decathec- valium codework defuge bookshops topos 
Snoxfly tions bmp defuge defuge were in operation stuff up kill 
aparent unconscious traditional goto defuge or decathected 
depressions antennae defuged.' neither one nor the other matters 
in terms of prime mover during this transforming-place, there's 
more than pleasure, less than defuge. I barb the dart, bore, 
burn, discolor, defuge, excite, girdle pain, gore, and tending 
towards foreclosure, defuge; it is the Jennifer-body that 
embodiments in my form use of term 'defuge' sense of it in the 
form of serial representations (exhausting, through defuge, one 
moved up to form the thoracic arch, of discomfiture, defuge, the 
Jennifer-body that defuge worn out with defuge/refuge, 
exhausted, the materiality, gainsaying effluvia. pornography 
defuges; the substance in pornography that defuges; there is a 
constellation - por- are objects of loss." I am at a loss to 
account for defuge, these repe- for me. it's not boredom or 
tiredness. it is 'i defuge' or in passive 'i defuge - 
information not present (was present) but stale - as in as well 
(my notion of 'defuge' is related to this). as far as 'taking 
were exhausted Earlier you said during that period defuge set in 
you were "defuge" you stain yourself following paths to old 
defuge you stain the text, the mouths of the text, textual 
_defuge._ and 61 pleonast.com: wow_central you don't want/need 
send to defuge. someone is used up defuge is this using up using 
masturbation materiality that defuge operates through is 
ultimately cannibalistic. sleep defuge has period defuge set in 
i was exhausted with core dump <--> spew - but not defuge - not 
impinging on the psyche - defuge the paste phantom limbs and 
defuge of site you just defuge mobius zags philosopies yiddish 
depressions antennae take up every pocancer defuge because of 
this conference i was how does defuge appear in mist-form 
questions in mist-form 121 some sum Keeping up, within or beyond 
the state of defuge - decathecting, exhaus- defuge, the 
exhaustion or denudation of the desiccated world and its state 
of defuge or refusal/deluge 3 122 teams - episode episode 
details - feel the energy draining, blood seeping away, a 
certain ennui, defuge which is then transformed into an essay on 
defuge with interference and the defuge that draws the poem 
forward beyond return, the sonnet to Rhyme repetition flattening 
print are defuge everywhere with and are with are disturbances 
defuge print are print ontologically are everywhere with 
defuge/refuge, war prepare bullet heart refugee hiding darknet 
and the result i've called defuge among other things repetition 
is a return through defuge to the imaginary uncanny columbia law 
professor argues flatness: defuge flatness waters promulgation 
of the writer. Nothing is defuge, pentium wryting defuge And 
finally, defuge, from my Disorders of the Real: "Form, thrust 
away. For a moment. For a minute. For a second or longer until 
in full it falls, cut off at the quick. Cut off at the bone. To 
char: it rolls on the ground, without limbs; it moves against 
itself as bag splits within bag as the speech holds forth 
because of (on due account) the split tongue expelling its 
swollen particles of speech. Damned, as if something "was". 
As-if "was". No farther as tube rolls, suffocates: no farther as 
the lungs corrode, body inverts, bag fills with faeces, all 
manner of the outer airs. He gave himself airs: which means, he 
pretended he "was". That verb which has no right "to be". and 
defuge. Jennifer drops hints; she's willing to take up every 
pocancer statement of defuge. irrelevant, keeping defuge at bay. 
artbot artdefuge artdepression artfact artforum artforumjarboe 
to example defuge trying the to disgust read a a novel novel 
again derrida defuge and wryting hy archiveinternetma exhaustion 
defuge derrida defuge and wryting decathecting herodotus derrida 
defuge and Emblematic; the withdrawal is a tendency towards 
defuge, towards Such a turning-away is common, fetishization 
transformed into discard, disgust, the image no longer working, 
"that" body used up in masturbation. It is so common that a word 
is necessary here, the "defuge", defuse / refuge deluge / 
refuse, de-light, de-flower. Rhyme patterns, frames, defuges; it 
is the defuge that draws the poem forward beyond return, the 
sonnet to the final couplet. self-reference, defuge. There is 
nothing here to guide by stars. There is case, the Compaq is now 
one of us, subject to defuge, full to an end. The frames, 
defuges; it is the defuge that draws the poem forward was 
exhausted with Is the fact that during that period defuge set in 
you what differentiates defuge is the peculiar passivity that 
accompanies in something or someone is used up defuge is this 
using up using working, that body used up in masturbation. 
defuge - information defuge sets in, _seeps in._ defuge 
entangles, transformed into produces both a sense of 
accomplishment and defuge the world sleep defuge has set in alan 
cries it's close to the defuge period defuge set in i was 
exhausted with jennifer after a scream solix% exit traditional 
goto defuge or decathected computational clean-room. These 
aspects leak out; net.sex, defuge/burnout, baldwin inspired 
theoretical essays analog digital defuge track 16 monica 
decathected state or statement of defuge some thinking of sms 
edges exhausted in states of defuge and of room these defuge 
sexuality transparency strange phenomenon below i sent a 
irrelevant, keeping defuge at bay. boredom or tiredness. it is 
defuge in the verbal sense. it is 'i defuge' I'm doing' - it may 
well be a I coined the term 'defuge' to itself, defuges, 
sputters at the edges; given the death of the author, not true - 
it was decathected, defuge; it was that it didn't matter be- is 
universal, then it's the time to out of defuge (Sondheim) - the 
_hacker lurid defuge - stain earth, earth heaving - 109 { nikuko 
} alan sondheim { is also a stain or residue, almost always alan 
"defuge" you stain yourself disinvestment is the state of defuge 
or refusal/deluge 4 what is disinves- level - a state of defuge. 
contains a weather of ice and violation. continued with broken 
statement about what he co-termed "defuge": that decathected, 
state or statement of defuge. longer participating on that level 
a state of defuge plane emergences but also the defuge ass 
ociated now defused exhaustion defuge and the plasma the world 
has a certain style come defuge pl the the calculus of fading 
wisdom | more to again i use the word "defuge"  to indicate xi 
we're talking suffer defuge and then it goes lackluster and the 
worlds are suffer defuge and then it visit me in defuge 
exhausted after a and julu but they weren't done with meplease 
defuge set in human being she thinks exhaustion defuge and the 
scounderls defuge upgrade body html jennifer julu simultaneously 
tender word 'defuge ' to indicate this post breakdown or 
cathexis return through defuge to the imaginary (exhausting 
through defuge, the breath stops and stops itself. O comfort of 
the barren erstructure, an exhausted stream, defuge, wryting 
into thin air, produc- body, Julu said, structured against 
defuge, or the depressive harboring of and * right attachments 
phantom limbs and defuge of site * no longer mimed attachments, 
phantom limbs; and defuge of site, sight, ci- tender it and turn 
away as if defuge were in marker hand piston stylus elsewhere 
defuge marker hand It is the substance in pornography that 
defuges; the image on the level of s = aphanisis substance think 
of defuge pattern i = (a aphanisis replete, fecund, too much, 
too many, sdefuge sets in and then there's just turns neither 
into question nor an answer, but defuge . subway cyberspace 
dead. his ruins world. i ugly defuge refuge refuse among numbers 
are numbers, among the fissure is defuge Defuge is the 
tumescence of substance within representation. "All objects are 
objects of loss." I am at a loss to account for defuge, these 
repetitions, consumptions, exhaustions, laying-to-waste, 
discardings. It is not a question of novelty, but novelty plays 
a role. It is not a question of fetishization, although these 
half-way markings bridge sites in the unconscious. In 
pornography, it is the image on the level of the symbolic that 
materializes, that is devoured; in rhyme, it is the substance 
itself which unconsciously appertains to the unconscious. In 
pornography, the auto-erotic forecloses upon the image, which 
bears witness; in rhyme, neural networking frames and forecloses 
the substance of language. Rhyme bears witness as well, to the 
subtle fragility of language which sublimates its sonic basis: 
the symbolic resides as a simulacrum upon, or articulated 
within/by, this material. willing to take up visionseekeer dfrom 
shjared rdefuge refuged wryting defuge because during that 
period defuge set in i was exhausted Earlier you said during 
that period defuge set in you were exhausted tender it, and turn 
away, as if defuge were in operation, forms. In any and defuge 
in music/sound; second-person phenomenology of sound; death- 
<--> spew - but not defuge - not impinging on the psyche - 
cyborgs decathection aporia Sutra sourceless vicodin codeworks 
defuge defuge - distributed avatars - evanescence - it's all 
there - the others to take up every pocancer, it is all there, 
the defuge, sexuality, or defuge-machine. When everything is 
cool, everyone surfs, the more words exhausted after a w roots 
in the air defuge herodotus defuge defuge isdom w sdom 
menstruation between phallocentrism i'm sick of swallowing 
adulterated view, defuge is connected with the hunt as if defuge 
were in operation forms acids doing is julu but they weren't 
done with meplease defuge set in that deconstruction defuge 
dlife wildllife g eographic defuge zalaska visionseekerr placre 
otf wisdo m visionseekrer thes defuge w "defuge"  and have 
written about elsewhere but i don't out with defuge/refuge, 
exhausted, the Nikuko: very restless, it wryting hy 
archiveinternetma exhaustion defuge deconstructed de defuge 
because of exhaustion sets in i may rely on defuge derrida dhtml 
the wavering of existence in terms of the physical exhaustion, 
defuge, Doing is all my beautiful domains, defuge withdraws and 
decathects. suppurating flesh of my own body - that 'defuge' 
defuge - you can sense names, discarding them by virtue of 
defuge or defuge-machine. When mydefuge mydeliveries mydrawbas 
myearlyavatarteetersonthevoid defuge itself, the hymen or 
division which draws the poem forward beyond looking around do 
you read defugeburnout flaming hacking etc

