
Casual


Neither lurking nor participating fully, the majority of users surround
themselves on occasion with texts as if considering cyberspace the literal
embodiment of message bases. Ties are formed to certain names behaving as
diacritical marks, tending towards entrance; other more negative ties lead
to elimination, cloacal expulsion. But the cathecting or investment isn't
very great in most cases; the space is something peered into without much
hope or care for reciprocity. 

I'm interested in these casual relationships, more or less tasting the
waters; they remain perhaps the majority of subscribers to email lists,
and certainly the majority of newsgroup readers. For them, there isn't the
pornographic exhaustion that occurs when posts are used up; for them, the
information is peripheral to itself, appearing in the panoply of objects
surrounding them in everyday life. 

These are the objects of clear aristotelian logic, classical logic, of
which it can be said, true or false, the objects of apparently obdurate
dimensionality with an indiscernible richness - the objects playing roles
and almost always taken for granted. For casual users, these objects form
a framework in which the winking on and off of email and usenet posts pro-
vides only a certain texture; even irc or talk may mean little more than a
moment's rest during an otherwise busy day. 

Casual users stroll in and out of their worlds with a true sense of 
themselves; they know the value of self-worth, whether or not they apply 
it to themselves. It's laissez-faire all the way, shallow warm waters, 
emerald seas, mysterious coral lagoons, eels and stone-fish below, thin 
darkling spray above. The sky lids down with a beautiful sullen blue, and 
desires to be mentioned as well.

Such users don't have anxieties of separation; their smiles are soft and
lovely. They have happier times than myself, richer lives, I am always
sure, and always yearning to be casual somewhere in my life as well. Do I 
look at you with warm puppy eyes? Will I lie down quietly, extolling the 
novel which appears strong and self-reliant in the dawn? For the casual, 
there are always dawns, always other days, pretty conversations in the 
midst of webs.

We are hardly so intense, we are tensed. I say hello to my casual users, 
I always say hello.

