


platters holler


theres a huge corral in a clearing at the base of the mountain and a
wood-black fence with four slats and it goes round and comes around down
to the creek, around the mountain, turnin itself as it goes, returnin
back to the barren ground outside. everythin green, brown, black.

inside its water. which is where the dreams, the cybermind lay, flat like
an enormous flounder, you could a seen rainbows in its eye. its the size
of the corral, it stays at the bottom, it shudders, theres ripples on the
surface. thats how you know its there, the ripples on the surface. 

the waters warm and magic holds it in where the slats are nothin goes out
nothin escapes. you could a look through the fence and see shimmers. but
it didn seem to have offspring or family, empty like that. it was just
there and you knew it was alive because of what you felt when you went
near the water and the eye didn have no lid

were always scared of those eyes everywhere around you that cant close 
just remain open all the time, you know theyre lookin. but this was like 
they say jesus saw the water when he went a walkin, just like everythin 
was inside at the same time as not. as how it had been not.

the water was there clear and flat as a plate with the ripples from
cybermind down below and louvisa went out walkin on it like jesus that
shed heard about and would walk on it, i seen it myself. shed call anse
that one time but thats all it took and anse came runnin, ran to the edge
of it. ran onto it flooded blinded the eye with the gun goin off. the 
sound of it goin off. youd a thought the eyed be blind but the skin come 
together. at that point came together and the eye moved on the other 
side, youd still see it there even now, what was it about that i wonder.

well can you imagine runnin all over the wet water corral shootin and
hollerin and nothin much but that eye there, see you see me it said and
said again. that night the lectricity went off and the darn thing drained
or so i heard but the next mornin anse was a prancin all over it sayin,
louvisa just a little longer, louvisa wait for me, and we sung a song for
that

louvisa just a little longer, louvisa wait for me - that devil anse knew 
what side was up all right but not just where that up might be


