



ASCII Text, Broken Teeth, Bleeding:


The words always stay on the screen. 
There's always the labor of reading.
All the senses are constricted.
Nothing makes sense anymore.
The depth of field is reduced to zero.
The screen blocks the vision of everyday life.
Love dries, oozes from the words.
Our wounds show and glisten like searchlights in dead space.
We pretend that bodies love in the absence of bodies.
Sleepless, we tear ourselves apart over twenty-six letters.
We write the lines of blood because we can't see our mouths.
We write our bodies open our hands grappling our holes.
We spray the keyboards with fluids as our contract with authenticity.
The sounds stop when the reading stops.
The space is always empty when the terminal closes down.
Night is filled with uneasy dreams of lacerating words.
Day is filled with the hysteria of messaging and lag.
Our skin pales beneath flickering flourescents, jaundiced incandescents.
Truth becomes a reliance on arguments framed by quotation-caret marks.
Truth builds upon the thickness of requotes until the screen chokes.
Death never comes as addresses slough off lists and alias files.
Always invisible tears stammer the limits of the body to no one.
Diseases are waylaid by the clean and proper body of the text.
Sleepless nights are invaded by whispers read and spoken by the sleeper.
We cry for our true ASCII friends scattered like powdered eclipses.
We long for the grain of voices and touch's pressure on virgin skin.
The text is a manuscript illuminated and addictive, from within.
The text throws its own light on everything, its light both truth and home.
Writing this with tears becomes a narrative: "Writing this with tears,"
The mouth fills with broken teeth and gums bled and bleeding from the world.
The world is spelled and spoiled, the world is emptied trash.
The words always leave the screen, spilled and spoiled heroin.
Written language follows like an introjected drug.
Speech becomes a matter of poor translation.
There's always the labor of being.
All the senses have vanished, returned in proper names.
Everything makes sense, and all the time.

