



Unruly Rude Girl Punk Nerds Attack the Nice Strong Boys

Riot Grrrls Go Up in Flames


whats unruly always goes too far when just a little fun begins. theyre
doin it to get you down on all fours, bark like a dog in front of your
friends. you dont stand a chance so you nail up boards fast around the
town. theyve got one ahead of you firin bullets through their computer
modems. youre worried about the protocols givin out, packets bouncin all
over the place. 

theyll tell you its the same old story, that this species is doomed to
repeat itself. theyll tell you again and again how the girls got theirs
when the boys wouldnt have a bit of it. theyll tell you how theyre rude
girls crude girls punk girls nerd girls and the nice strong boys walk
around like they own the place. theyll remember how the boys made the
language speak and then made the words for the language. theyll tell you 
how the boys made up that story and kept walkin on it.

theyll tell you how the boys made the words go down the wires, smart boys,
boys with heavy frames that battered rocks into chevrolets. theyll tell
you naughty naughty and make you want naughty naughty and youll believe
youll get it and make a new law making it harder all the time. its strong-
er and harder with the law. 

commere, the girls say, theres game over the hill and they point with a
wide circle of their arms and the boys think thats neat. they think thats
neat and they make it a hard frame to drive the game over. they think they
make everything, make war down in the county and when you think nomadic
thought youve got all those proud guys up on the four-legged things runnin
around the landscape while the girls did with the babies. those guys they
just kept making laws but the punk girls nerd girls knew that fault was
difficult to put down the valley where the water flowed. they knew about
the fault but they knew about the same old story. bored girls, they knew 
about the boys.

commere, the girls say, commere. commere, the girls say.

theyll tell you the story about the missin woman disappearin woman, the
woman behind the feudin or out on the horizon so her figure was just a dot
of lust that slammed into you like a bullet like a spear. theyll tell you
about how theyre unruly and they know it and you know they want it you
know they want it they want it so bad, sittin like that with their laptops
on the side of the highway when you ride by, you just gotta keep makin the
laws. 

didnt they talk though, then they made you read aristotle and stuff like
that and stitched your eyelids open with the wires themselves until you
could see what they saw, at least a little bit of it, that the same old
storys the only story thats been told and that just keeps repeatin. as if
narration were a rock, legend were a cliff, myth a mountain of the hardest
stuff. what youd think about was just about what the girls said, like when
they said commere. 

commere, the girls said, commere. commere, the girls said, go way.

but the unruly rude girl punk nerds broke all the rules they set, and
thats in the story too, so you never know when theyll appear again, dont
that make you write a protocol. so you write a protocol for the letters
and you write a protocol for a picture or two. and the unruly rude girl
punk nerds take over, write the rest of the stuff, the sound and the sight
which moves downstream, sometimes upstream makin something, whatever. they
make and they make until they make the world over like a big balloon just
like it was but with some other stuff like the engin to run it. so the 
nice clean boys run around and make the laws and its the same old story 
but theres a crack in the story, and the storys different. because theyre 
unruly. because the laws are lies. because no ones listenin. because they 
all know no ones listenin. because of the silence and the big balloon 
world and somewheres somethings goin down.

commere, the girls say, commere. payin no attention. commere.


