




Sensory


The touch of my palmtop HP95 palmtop is wonderful, the slight resistance 
of the key suddenly giving away with a felt click, paralleled only by the 
slight electronic click produced by my Psion3A palmtop, in the configura- 
tion I usually use. An amazing sensation, the letter visibly fully-formed 
and with the macros defined in the HP95, the screens adjust themselves at 
a touch of the finger as well, rushing into the proper file for reading, 
writing, or editing.

The Psion3A, which is kept in a soft case, has an odd smell to it, which I
suspect is from the plastic shell itself, since the case, of the usual vi-
nyl, carries none of it. Surely this must seep into the solid-state memory
built into the unit, but I've seen no sign at all of this, and the HP95 
has, as far as I can tell, no identifiable odor whatsoever.

The Compaq 486/33 Presario that I use at the disk has developed an almost
inaudible, but therefore present, slight clicking sound, even after the
hard-drive closes down when I'm on-line. A solenoid going bad or something
deliberately built by the company to annoy me. Speaking of which, at the
New School I am using a Zenith 386 with double floppy drive, actually a
wonderful machine and nice keyboard, with an additional electronic click-
ing feature built-in, whenever a key is hit. Just like the Psion. The fan 
is super too - sounds more like a distant air-conditioner, which is more 
than likely what it is.

I have never tasted the equipment, although I have fantasized about an 
open Pentium chip, placed lightly against the tongue (Sensation!!), or an 
open area of the skull; it would take us a while to get used to each 
other, but anything is possible...

The Zenith keyboard has the perfect touch, the Psion is a bit too springy.
And then there's my AST laptop, also with a 386/20 in it, which I take
everywhere on the road. The keys come to an abrupt stop when pressed, hard
plastic against hard plastic, no give at all. It makes for a noisy key-
board as well as a sense of nerve damage, but I've managed to use it, when
necessary, for hours on end. When the hard-drive goes off, it has an 
eerie absolute silence about it, just the keys and the monochrome screen, 
which is actually quite beautiful; my mathematics programming runs well 
on it, since the lines come in and out of existence accompanied by ghost- 
ing. There is a slight "new" smell to the unit, which has, I assume, 
always been there, and when a battery is being charged, that oh-so-faint 
electric-transformer odor that indicates the fury of distant fires come 
home to roost, not to mention carcinogenic and invisible gases radiating 
from the walls.

I only "identify" to any extent with my palmtops, which, by the way, are
not as yet connected through communications software. One or the other
goes with me everywhere, and I find myself writing on the subway, working
on programming at an airport, checking city routes on the plane itself. 
In spite of the miniscule keyboards, they're the nearest thing to prosthe-
sis I have, and for that reason, hardly feel like computers - more like 
the Freudian magic sketch-pad of interior monologs...

Alan

