


MEDEA BLA-BLA BARA-BARA



My dowry's you, saved! (_dos mea, tu sospes,_ Ovid)  


1

Writing, as if in delirium, morose, troubled, irruptions, malaise 
haunted by ontology. This is the _current sickness,_ inverted ontologies 
of past splendours, of the disappearance of ghosts: We're talked out of 
them, we're talked out of most everything, in fact. They're banished, 
beyond the Pale, the gaze/of the other; they leave us to our own devices 
(Latour).

2

Precisely, these ordinateurs, devices of precision, encapsulations of the 
dyad, there are no struggles when the paths separate; through the woods 
there are always divisions, wraiths as well. Trolls, goblins, elves, 
fairies, dwarves, gremlins, wariths. Seventeenth and sixteenth-century 
dwarf sightings; they disappeared into the mountains, carrying treasure 
(Grimm).

Occurring far in the interior, near the borders, occurring within the 
interstices of the organs of the body and the body's hypersea, the realm 
of rumors, parasites, the they/say (McMenamin's, Heidegger).

I write poorly the body falls apart, exposes itself, habits of nourish- 
ment. Talk harbors the ghosts elsewhere, we hear of them from a distance, 
I'd say deep in my inner heart as well. I'd give you my breasts, male, 
dried, useless, sensed. We're left to our own devices.

2a

"Homer applied the word 'barbarophone' to the natives of Asia Minor who 
fought alongside the Greeks, and seemed to have coined the term on the 
basis of such onomatopeia as _bla-bla, bara-bara,_ inarticulate or incom- 
prehensible mumblings." (Kristeva)



3


THE MEDEA: SPACE SPREADS



jason spears medea, and she shields the spear with her own calvary, the 
beginning of names, of strangers, barbarians, at each and every getting, 
tolling for the other

she makes a cloak from her skin, she gives it to her children, jasons 
bride burns alive. she grows a new skin, wears it inside out. do you 
recognize medea. everything burns, her eyes violate: sight replaces the 
abandoned body. the gates stay closed; theyre torn open, white skin 
spills out. she remembers teeth of garnet, teeth of tourmaline. what 
happened to the color of the world

her body rolls in fields of teeth. they gnaw her, her cunt and mouth fill
with dirt consumed with bright flame. words write the name of god, she
sees her own name in the name. her eyes take the world, fuck her children,
everyones a corpse she screams

skulls pile up. classification begins, organs, the teeth again demouthed. 
shed be killed now. medeas the jew, the argonauts slammed into the dragon
from feuds growing blood, growing bodies, origins of number, wheres medea. 

wheres medea, she runs everywhere, asks the actors, euripides, ovid,
muller, graves, anyone who will listen, the moth filled with dirt, cunt
filled with dirt, limbs grow from her holes, disappear into dark thick
air, limbs of bone and sinew

body and soul of medea, gremlin and dwarf of medea, fairy and elf of 
medea, pixie and troll of medea, crowded body of medea written by 
barbarian-mediterranean, fuck her jewish origins. splinters, gutter- 
language, gutter peoples, a corpse she screams

a corpse she screams, wheres medea


