



Fantasy of the Student Body


Hir body proffers hirself to hir teacher who receives it so graciously,
you would never know that s/he is standing on the highest dais. The
libidinal economy of the classroom is always unstated, effaced, now 
legislated; it won't go away any more than Socrates. It's politicized
delirium. Otherness encapsulates itself in the presence of speech; 
learning is always already the speaking cure, beneath the semblance of 
the enlightenment. In the classroom, discourse always _proceeds,_ as if 
driven by hir body, student/teacher/discourse melange. 

Hir teacher rides knowledge, legs splayed, spread, mouth open. Knowledge 
is a nightmare. Knowledge seeps in the vicinity of bodies, covers bodies; 
Socrates said fuck thyself. The coupling of bodies is the parsing of 
language. The operative space is the student body, penetrated with the 
body of the text. All these bodies. 

Hir teacher says, they come into play in the humanities, in the arts, in 
theater, painting, they come into play in sculpture, in dance. They come 
into play when the body comes into play, hir body sexed, the presence of 
a hand leaning against a canvas drawing and foreclosing upon another upon 
a dais, nude. Hir teacher says but this is always the case.

Laura Zakarin on Studenthood (in Thinking Bodies): "According to its own
esscence, Studenthood, whatever it might be, tolerates no resolution. It
obligates the researcher to teach, the teacher to research, and the stu-
dent body to serve as the living apparatus through which such clandestine
communities of thinkers assign to themselves their uniform origin in the
idea of knowing." Hir teacher says, search for the _noise,_ it's the
_noise_ that tolerates no resolution, that knowledge curls like the edges
of burning pages. Hir teacher says, the cracks in the institution are the
institution. Hir teacher says, learn to fuck yourselves, ride your desires
which are knowledges. Hir teacher says, but s/he's no longer listening, 
s/he's approaching the teacher, hir teacher, with wide-open eyes.

S/he says, search for the _noise,_ it's the _noise_ that tolerates no 
res- olution, that knowledge curls like the edges of burning pages. Hir 
student says, the cracks in the institution are the institution. Hir 
student says, learn to fuck yourself, ride your desires which are 
knowledges. Hir student says, but s/he's no longer listening, s/he's 
approaching the student, hir student, with wide-open eyes.


(but the holding of power, but the _mentor,_ but the foreclosing of
knowledge, but the difference in ages, but the discovery of the body, but
the irresolution of genders, but the systemics of grading, but the poli-
tical seizures, but the convocation of judgements, but the sublimation of
desire, but the law)


[Footnote: Consider on-line learning once again, a model of rationality,
anonymity, a model of Enlightenment discourse, mesaured sentences, axiom-
atics, discursive formations, texts and responses, the reproduction of
knowledge in fact _qua_ knowledge. That _is_ what the assignment _is,_ to 
consider it.]


