



The City That Doesn't That Gleams Dark Royal Mountain 


From Nicole Brossard, French Kiss (trans. Claxton): 

"Early-morning opening of an eye. The crater-city's rim breaks the horizon
as against a screen. The setting. Eyelids dark and heavy. The circulatory
system's transgressing its appointed laws. The traffic too.  Veinous,
intravenous. Syringes and sirens, dual purpose for body and city both.
Circulatory mechanism: blood slips easily along, moves as normally as a
multiplier in an arithemtic table. October period. Settlement of account.
Blood flows menstrual between thighs and spots the crotch of pants." 

The body maps onto the city maps onto the terminal screen. What about the 
screen? I'm invited to Virtual Futures; I applied to speak there. I'm 
liquid, afraid, seepage against the others who surely know what they're 
talking about. I don't know what I'm talking about, and beyond - I don't 
know that I don't know. What I say/speak deflects itself. 

But I know the terminal screen. And I know New York and the screen is 
_here,_ and whatever grain it contains is the reflection of the loft 
lights and my body against the words of the text. I'm sick of the body 
and the words, sick of the hallucinatory quality of truth, the uncanny 
bones we become, the keys themselves reaching up to engulf the fingers - 
the pain that constructs the body, turns it inside-out as one types the 
last bit of revelation.

Brossard's lips are everywhere against the base of Mont-Real, shuddering
of social amalgam from 1504 against _joual,_ stuttered body refusing 
totality, return of quasi-objects, broken truths (that's it, broken 
truths!), but they're not against the screen itself. The screen dissolves 
gender, replacing it with the membrane of language, ascii unconscious.

What is the ascii-ucs? It is _that unconscious which _is_ structured 
within language,_ that site or domain. It breaks with the body, breaks 
the body into the symbolic. But it is not Mont-Real, Mons-Real; it is the 
foreclosure, forfeiture of skin. The screen breaks the horizon; at best, 
the screen reflects it.

I yearn for cities, for the _quality_ of cities, for 1980 rue St-Denis,
the PQ down a block or two from rue Sanguinet, memories of the FLQ just
around a corner, shadowed beneath mansard roofs where politics were taken
seriously, even where Jews seemed a threat. I sought cultural exile, I was
present in expulsion. Now in New York, I appear expelled in presence, the
lure of the screen, the masquerade of the body which remains invisible at
a ball, to which I am invited, the play of cybermind, memories of equally
invisible cities, Borges, Brossard... 

