
 

We are all Jews


How do marxists begin. How have we survived. Why are there questions. Is 
the Pale the sign of the Other, or the Other the sign of the Pale. What 
are Signs. What are signs.

How did Jews slither out from under the Maw of the Stalinist beast back
into the camps, squares of raw splintered wood stapled to the snow? Young
Lukacs writes to and from Bloch, Buber, Balazs, Lask, other Jews, declares
himself "of Lutheran confession" after his conversion in 1907. This is all
the history of the dead. He opposed Germany's participation in World War
I, stating "My own deeply personal attitude was one of vehement, global
and especially at the beginning, scarcely articulate rejection of the war
and especially of enthusiasm for the war. I recall a conversation with
Frau Marianne Weber in the late autumn of 1914. She wanted to challenge my
attitude by telling me of individual, concrete acts of heroism. My only
reply was: 'The better, the worse.'" Marxist thought runs indescribably
deep to this day; Derrida, a Jew, is another guide. Marx himself, no
marxist, wrote a number of letters of a disturbingly anti-semitic nature,
and so many of the Hegelians concerned themselves with the "Jewish Ques-
tion, which, for us of course, is not a question but a performative. How
did this discourse manage its continuity, its roots continually ruptured,
its strength in the extruded ulteriority of the working-class as other,
the step-to-be-taken, the other as Jew? What do I miss in all these deadly
equations? From which conversation, aside, rumor, unmarked mail, does the
gutter reappear, to be later invested with the guise of thinking thought
itself? The 'early Lukacs' was not marxist.

I believe Stalinism was born in the performative of the "Jewish Question." 

Relevant: from a 1913 letter by Yelena Andreyevna Grabenko to Lukacs: 

  "You alone were the reality for me, because our souls sensed each other 
behind the languages we spoke.
  "But if I now imagine that you are surrounded by people, you too become
obscure for me, you are not real either; you have become "they." I have
the feeling I too am _they,_ if I speak _their_ language, live their kind
of life. You wrote to me about Edith. I love her and I know she loves me
too, but she too has become _they._ I try to tell her everything, I feel I
can tell her everything but I sense that she doesn't understand me. I
despise myself because I speak a language alien to me and I have become
alien to myself. I have learned to understand only here why I am a good
human being, and why Edith isn't, and what 'goodness' is, the goodness 
you told me about.
  "I guess you are really good; it is impossible that you are not, or at 
least you are always good when you talk to me. If I imagine otherwise, I 
get a chill."

(All quotes re: Lukacs from Georg Lukacs, Selected Correspondence 1902- 
1920, eds. Tar and Tar.)

She became his first wife, vis-a-vis the necessity of Hungarian citizen-
ship. The _they,_ Heideggerian or Franfurt-School, is always otherwise,
there are masses in the midst of tendrils, thought drifts. Was Yiddish
ever accounted a language, ever held accountable, or was it as unaccoun-
table, other as language, not language for _them_? The questions are con-
tinuous, are "of a sort," not the Jewish Question, but the _raison_ for
its continuous appearance, the eternal Jew through Lyotard, hir emergence
never so strong as in the convoluted Pensees of Pascal: "These are facts: 
while philosophers are all split into different sects, there are in one
corner of the world people who are the most ancient in the world, who de-
clare that the whole world is in error, that God has revealed the truth to
them." The belief of the Jews problematizes belief, just as the feminine
scatters the Same. _They'll_ speak behind my back, say all sorts of
things, write against me, physiognomy and mind in the waters. _They'll_
use a code of disavowal, _they're_ gaining strength. We'll develop self-
hatred in return (see Gilman, Jewish Self-Hatred, Zipes, The Operated
Jew), in return for the lesson we've learned, that _listening_ is always
exclusionary, that meditation is a filter in the service of belief... 


