




Althusser, Dreams of Cybermind


Having successfully refused Heidegger's Discourse on Method, Althusser
retired, leaving the former to continue his walk four abreast through the
midst of the Black Forest. He had constructed the proper psychotropic as
well for the refutation of Deity, extending what language could only
imply, into the recesses of the body itself. Deity was driven out, accom-
panied by vivid eidetic or hypnagogic imagery: "Some hackers report
experiencing strong eidetic imagery when in hack mode; interestingly,
independent reports from multiple sources suggest that there are common
features to the experience. In particular, the dominant colors of this
subjective _cyberspace_ are often gray and silver, and the imagery often
involves constallations of marching dots, elaborate shifting patterns of
lines and angles, or moire patterns." (Raymond, The New Hacker's Diction-
ary.) Althusser pressed his eyes and the patterns shifted, Althusser, who
killed his wife, as Foucault died of pneumonia and the Continental
Philosophy Team (CPT) was found worshipping with Kristeva and Kristeva
together down on bended knees in the various churches and temples of their
choice. 

Althusser, in the course of his refutation, recalled Bataille's Theses on
Religion and Philosophy, with their emphasis on the exegesis of the tex-
tual body, the invaded body. Night after night given to debauchery,
Bataille would return hir experiences to their origin, defacing Origin
itself, healing the thin pasted lines cut between his nipples. Althusser
took note of this, referencing the keen analytical cast of Bataille,
dealing in turn with the difference among sense, meaning, referent, and
the signified. Heidegger, swallowed whole by the legends of Arthurian
mountain-kings, couldn't fathom the depths of his own language, or that of
the surrounding Greeks. Althusser worked through the theory of the
fooverb, barnoun, foobar transforming language into gerund. From the
further language of the MOOs, he learned the _Affect of the Splinter,_ the
A. S., which divided the body into swallowed text. Typing backwards into
Unix talk, he recognized the familiar figure of Klein's bottle, just as
reven dah TPC eht hcihw morf ,noisrevni fo stceffe eht derevocsid eh
-ton PI/PCT ,noitautis eht etirw ot od dluoc eh lla saw tI .derevocer
eht dna ,tnemugra sih fo ecrof eht dedulcnoc ETIRWER tub ,gnidnatshtiw
.llew sa s/gnieb sih fo noitatneserp

Later it was recognized that the imagery wasn't imagery; Heidegger wasn't
Heidegger; Altussher wasn't Althusser; Klein wasn't Klein; Foucault wasn't
Foucault; Kristeva wasn't Kristeva. The CPT (central processing transform
algorithm) alone was responsible for the ability to penetrate into every 
core dump I produced; Bataille was no one at all, and my skin continued to 
fall off my bones. 


