



My So-Called Life, Warwick Death, The Cost of Thought, Me, Forget It


This is about my so-called life as an intellectual and about being a so-
called intellectual in the United States. And it is about my inability to
get to Warwick, to have had to cancel out of the trip; it's about my
inability to procure the texts I need for my work; it's about my inability
even to upgrade my Net account in order to get the SLIP or PPP connections
I need for teaching. 

In this country, Phds are necessary for legitimation, for entrance into
teaching, for access to travel funds. I don't have one. I've published two
books, three records, ninety articles, and have had numerous screenings,
exhibitions, and lectures. I've published artists books, edited magazines
and curated shows. But I can't get into formal academic journals, I can't
afford page charges, I'm not backed up by any of the institutions for
which I teach on a part-time basis, either vendor or adjunct. And I am so 
exhausted with fund-raising and survival and nomadic wandering everywhere 
that I no longer know what is my own-doing, and what is part and parcel 
of the political economy of cultural capital in a landscape despoiled, 
were it not for Medea.

Neither Warwick nor other conferences practice exclusionary tactics; 
travel is paid by universities, or speakers generally make enough money 
elsewhere to afford it. But cultural capital has become increasingly 
based on economic capital; the Phd-ed avant-garde has paid for schooling 
and reaps its rewards thereby (which are not particularly great; there's 
no guarantee of a teaching position at the other end of the grad school 
tunnel). 

I can't afford the Derrida, the Butler, the recent Blanchot material, the
new Kristeva. I certainly can't afford the French editions of, say, Jabes
and Blanchot, both of whom seem to pale in translation. (I found a second-
hand copy of Violette Leduc and it's like night and day.) I can't afford 
the additional megabytes of RAM I need to properly work with images here. 
I could go on and on.

Increasingly, intellectuals speak for me; all I am capable of doing is
writing or creating uncomfortable videotapes with older, scavenged equip-
ment. The texts are pasted on the margins of the culture; they'll die when
the machinery dies. They don't get into academic anthologies; they get
into things like Uncontrollable Bodies, Crash, Vulvamorphia, and these
venues are few and far between. Other than a few people like Kathy Acker,
the circuitry of cultural exchange is based on institutions.  Either I'm
spit out the other end, or have spit myself out; I'm too angst-ridden,
angst-written to figure any farther. 

It's at the conferences that everyone loves and hates one another, makes 
up the guest-list for the next conference, gets free texts, talks late 
into the night. It's at the conferences that cultural economy becomes 
banked like a savings account; the more that's put in, the more that's 
taken out. 

Poverty should have a place. I'm fucked. I'm poor, barely making it. I'm 
neurotic as can be, an insomniac. I write all the time. It could be the 
computer, it could be the word processor, it could be the typewriter. I 
have books here that I've written. It's all trash, trashed, it doesn't 
mean a thing. It's dead before it's born. 

So I'm sending a tape to Warwick, just to make this a story. It's a tape 
about a dead-boy dead-girl who keeps writing and thinking like others 
have palsy. The hand shakes and words come out. They're virtual, I'll be 
here in and out of the flesh in Brooklyn, curse it. The conference itself 
is virtual futures. I'm the future and I won't even be there and because 
I won't be there I'm the future.

And they'll speak to each other, everyone to everyone, and it will be 
brilliant brilliant.

Alan

