


Lag, What you Hear Later, the Splayed Body





I write myself into existence and so I'm here for you.

I write myself out of existence, too bad.

Third sex and the ascii unconscious: let me be-cum you.

I'm imagining you listening to me.

I'm imagining you whispering to me, whispering to me. 

I'm no longer a guest, I whisper back to you. When I'm done, 

I'll disappear forever. 

Flattened against the screen, I recognize you, reflected cunt shunted

against the words. 



But then. But then there's a forest; Heidegger weeps in the forest.

Heidegger waits and waits, no one cums along the lonely path. 

He crosses the bridges, the routers, the backbones through the landscape

of the Net. He writes his first post, about violation fabric.



I wander through his post. I'm the vowel, the umlaut, the dia/critical

mark holding everything together. I'm always begging. My words spew

on the screen. Your response is an emission; the stream rises 

from the forest, floods everything in its /path/home/sondheim. No reply,

I rm myself. What the shell closes, cuts down, is the future.



My last words: I am your future.





Burial


Sometimes a word glows with prescient accuracy, St. Elmo's fire released 
near the ending of sharp objects shunted on their way into the universe 
at large.

_Burial_ returns to the folds of a smoldering star.

Billennial earth upwells, swallowing the grave, dispersing the body in 
dissolute comfort, biomolecules heading in thinned strains between the 
prolix strata of the matrices of civilization.

In burial, the body returns to the networking of the earth, each torn cell
conjuring new and magical histories forever untold. At this stage of our
death, don't we forget who we are. The enormous comfort of that forget-
ting, the traveling within past, present, and future communalities, can
only be the final impulse of ruined surface cultural anxieties. Deep
within burial, there is no longer any accrual, no possessing demons
tallying the fruit of mines, mountains, forests, streams, and atmospheres
deep within our ruined selves, there is only uncanny being,* face as wide 
as the earth run deep itself.
