



Always Already Thinking the Uncanny Logic of the Frame



(Having a beginning thinking this through, restrictions and identities,
the age-old problem of philosophy, the reiteration of the question or
grounds of the question. Having the thought beyond or beneath equiv-
alence. The conjuration of an _occasioned future._)

Finding myself _on occasion_ without my name on MOO or even on _this_
account, (within my name, presencing my name, my name a burial), I bring
up once again the terms _protocol, recognition, address_ (Internet Text, 
first file), relegating aura to a superstructure upon exact programming 
_without which the world no longer functions._ Call this exactitude a 
restricted environment, _re,_ and we already begin to get somewhere.

rsh: restricted shell, moving into remote-shell, returning with the model 
or singularity of a previously-specified operation. Impotent to roam the 
directories of the other, returned through the equivalent login to one 
already possessed. Where am I/you/Spivak going with this.

re, a loose rule: The greater the restriction, the greater the degree of 
taciticity, tacit knowledge, prosthetic subjectivity. This is one 
attribute of the framework, frame problem which we shall differentiate 
below. Just as the mind floods, evolves towards flux and rich domains, re 
promises a structuration returning to the aristotelian categories of 
objects, verbs, and nouns. 

res are everywhere on the Net: the levels of TCP/IP, lower ascii itself. 
Which is not to say that one doesn't have a field (Charles Olson) to
construe the poetic, the aura, only that the aura occurs _within a certain
bandwidth,_ and perhaps the limitations of res permit in fact a greater
explosion _elsewhere,_ just as one might pronounce the film auratic/
operatic in spite of Benjamin. (And argue that it is the machinic, in 
fact, which lays the groundwork for the production of the aura "in the 
first place.")

This text is _going somewhere,_ its lines pouring down across the screen,
scroll or jump-cut. We will return to the jump-cut which is always already
a return. 

Let us think of the real again as _obdurate,_ granular, if anything is. 
Taciticity all the way down (the classical body). Let us think further of 
the transcendental phenomenology, the eidetic reduction of the real, 
transcendence extruded in one or another fashion, a bracketing which 
participates necessarily in totality. Then within and without this brack- 
eting, the _frame problem_ in classical artificial intelligence emerges, 
the isolation of scripting or sub-totalities in a fashion understandable 
by machines. Nevertheless, the frame problem in its very foundation is a 
_problem and characteristic_ of the real, vis-a-vis the machinic on one 
hand and the transcendental phenomenology on the other.

The _frames_ themselves are obdurate, chaotic, noisy, fuzzy (these are 
not equivalent); part and parcellation of the real, they attempt res but 
with little success. Let us consider this _the resistance of the real._

The _jump-cut_ cauterizes the frame to a reduction. The jump-cut appears 
in theater, but with the division of scenes there are liminal moments 
(Greek theater) taken up as well with chorus, interlude, or even the 
necessity of scenery changing. Deus ex machina was in fact precisely 
that, the subterfuge present and accounted for (in much the same manner 
as theorists of post May-68 called for a reflexive cinema). 

The jump-cut appears instantaneous, and therefore within cinema is some-
thing entirely different. It is in fact a _protocol,_ the collusion of the
real with the cinematic frame. (The protocol is always a jump-cut.)

In Merlin Donald's Origins of the Modern Mind (again), the stage of
"external symbolic storage and theoretic culture" aligns neural behavior
with an external machinic, and it is not to far to say that such will
always be, at least for the foreseeable future, a form of protocol-stut-
tering itself. But the mutual interpenetration is also a liquidity, which 
is to say that the re may be problematized as a membrane or coagulation 
remote from simple logins and TCP/IP structures for example.

Within re, _any_ Internet application for example, one is dealing with
limited-access hierarchies, just as in video games, one begins to master
different levels. These levels are frames, hierarchically arranged, with
increases/decreases of knowledge. At best, they are holarchic instead,
connected in the form of a tangle instead of an umbrella. The frames are
partial and tagged to one another. Operations occur through programming or
among the interstices of programming. Machines run always already out of
sight, out of site, are slave-others with their own political economies. 

I therefore propose the following, that on one hand, there are _levels_
within a game or hierarchy or across CMC applications, and, on the other,
there are the obdurate _frames_ in classical AI. And I further propose
that the former occur as a skein in a deconstructive sense, without
origin, but that the _frame_ in classical AI, in spite of its tags,
subframes, and so forth, "purely" exists in relation primarily to a
transcendental phenomenology. 

Thus the _former_ is based upon a phenomenological logic of equivalence, 
and the latter, a phenomenological metaphysics of identity. This is the 
main conclusion.

A secondary conclusion is that neither presupposes the other necessarily
since the ontological status of CMC applications in terms of interiority,
is still out, participating clearly in issues of prosthetic subjectivity,
the uncanny, the imaginary, and problematics of the unconscious. 

Or to _rethink,_ the very limitations of res permit auratic appearance in
relation to the cauterization of the (jump-)cut; it is the suturing of the
tattooed, scarred, symbolized body that escapes into disembodied or
dispersed body parts (res Lingis). It is the totality lying _beneath_ or
_beyond_ the frame problem that portends death and burial themselves - but
it is also this totality that _drives_ protocol, and address, and
certainly recognition, in the first place. 

(And to further conflate issues, I would say that this totality is neither
linguistic nor prior, but _without relation._ The ucs. structures against
_frame_ itself, as neural connections are made within the infant. I would
also say that the ucs/cs observes protocol (in the sense of well-defini-
tion) _only as a last resort_ or surface phenomenon. (For which reason,
the greater degree of etiquette, the more unstable the depths.)


