


Central Theory Power-Structure Corps


Travis leaped up because he wanted to say something about the role of
structure in the bloated tumor that passed for the massive verbiage
describing cyberspace in all its ramifications, sentences growing on the 
surface of sentences, words descended from words. Even "cyberspace" had
become outmoded, however, replaced by nothing but a sense irreality.

Structure is/was already present at the creation, at the moment of crea-
tion, he said. The question of anarchy or a continuation of the hysteria
of style is no longer an issue. There are two genders from which dissem-
ination is a given, Clara replied, but there might be an other whose form
yet remains indeterminate. I'm not sure I understand your drift, one of
them said. 

you drift one of them said

I'm not tending towards the inchoate, but towards the pathological, Clara
interjected. There's no stopping it without ceasing to speak, to exist in
these untrammeled spaces. The name of the space is not the name of the
game, nor is the confabulation of detail. 

nor the confabulation of detail

There was silence in the room. There were people present, reading, who
hadn't spoken yet. They'd divided among themselves. Some would answer the
role and some wouldn't.

There was a loudspeaker in the room. It would disseminate the voice like
indirect lighting. It gave itself over to the source, to third-world
politics, to the other always dreamed of by an incoherent West. It called
like god called, voiceover, the name which would be spoken. The name was
connected to nothing or the calling would connect the name which would be
the address of the name. Between the name and the address, nothing. 

name, Name, god, God, address, Address, Nothing
 
The loudspeaker like indirect lighting spread the word.
The word diffused from numerous sources among the walls and ceilings,
from concealed loudspeakers that presented only a fuzzy and wide-open
target.
The word appeared from nowhere and everywhere at once, and the room
ceased to have either architecture or ornament.

Power: Let's say that there is one plug in this room, Central Theory. It's
called Central Theory because everyone goes there and waits until he or
she is called to a particular room. Each room tries another theory which
really means that each room develops and extends another theory. Since the
rooms extend into infinite virtual space, and since their doors are
locked, the jury can develop its own premises alone. 

This isn't a metaphor for anything, except for the fact that Central
Theory has only one plug. So there would be fights for the plug, for the
power, in order that you and I could use our laptops beyond their usual
battery life, which might not be enough time to dvelop a hypothesis. On
the other hand, it just might be exactly the right amount of time.

(This isn't a metaphor for Pangloss Panopticon, theory-power, power-theo-
ry, power-lunch, theoretical blindness or hindsight/foresight.)

There's always the issue of the voltage and amperage, and many are the
laptops that have met their glimmer-days, sparking wildly, across the
barrens of Central Theory. But now we presuppose the loudspeaker.

sparkling widly

The loudspeaker is used in Ciudad Juarez for politics and general ideo-
logical dissemination. Everyone stops and listens to the loudspeaker. It
sits on top of an old Volkswagen rigged for the occasion, parked near
the cathedral square with its churches and run-down businesses surround-
ing the elevated plaza. It carries the voice, from perhaps a very little
person or perhaps not. Is the voice always masculine? Is it always heard 
but is it still there?

Central Theory engenders the feminine voice which folds and infolds,
resonance upon resonance, reverberating through the hallways of the
building, entering even into the theory rooms themselves. But it's not a
voice of authority, it's a voice of disenfranchisement, a flux-voice, a
voice of infinite morphologies, chaotic and shimmering with sinusoidal
pulsings. It's the literally recorded voice of Luce Irigaray, applied to
a set of circumstances, which is the _structure of phonemes_ utilized in
this particular discourse.

this discursive formation, this particularity, articulation, 'ation'

Central Theory thus owes to Central Casting. Both owe something to
structure which delimits, defuses, diffuses both presence and presenti-
fication. The _output_ is the Internet_Text_Tumor, ITT, which increases
without regard to legibility, and it is precisely at this juncture of
image, text, theory, and giganticism that the power plug resides.

One may be called up and released from Central Theory. Then one types
forever.

constant typification, genetic algorithm resolutions, echolalias


