



Lose ends.

After the first two years of my life after world war ii i felt that i
would be the force that smashed everything into itself, collapsed every-
thing; i certainly felt like a family wedge, my father returning from the
front and there i was at around ii or so i remember. These memories are
things that have surfaced here and i articulate the crash and continue to
articulate, confusion of personal psychoanalytics with the world at large,
as if, what derailed for example a derrida? Not that i would argue for the
autobiographical, but certainly there is a certain coloration brought
about by circumstance - the ability to manipulate, operate, move about in
one's imminence translating into a certain constructibility of the world
by virtue of the subject. Not to argue on the other side of it all, fate,
which is an entirely different machinery, but only an inescapable bleak-
ness that hovers, colors the horizon, corrals it, brings it close until
within the range of suffocation, horizon or subject at odds with one ano-
ther, only one surviving. The coloration, i.e. i couldn't stand up to him,
becomes something else, an articulation which resonates, recuperates its
own perspective. Something somewhat sends someone somehow in a direction
or close to one, and what remains is the fallout. From the fallout comes
the structure, theory. From the theory returns the dissemination of the
fallout. Everything is colored by fathermother or peacewar. Nothing sep-
arates itself from itself. This is the self. From the lack of separation
comes the superimposition resulting in structures making bandwidth beyond
themselves. This is audience and theoryabstract. No one, nothing, pres-
ides. How can i tell you of these beautiful things? Then i look for death,
i search out death, i happen upon its comfort. Unhappy, this leaves room
for an impenetrable _hook._ But what is it i can bring back to you, to 
the macedonians, the derrideans, the amazons? What creature of uncomfort, 
what unraveling searches its way out from me? What uneasy beast? And what 
lies are there for the telling, have i brought you in misery and compen- 
sation? 

