


Roland Barthes by Roland Barthes


I got up one morning and got hit by a van. My friend Jacques Lacan would
have been my friend if I had read this in Alan's text. But he married the
wife of Bataille who all the males says is totally dismissable. What a
wreck; I was the only man in France who didn't sleep with Anais Nin, but
Guattari was always waiting for me. He was so jealous of Deleuze, you
wouldn't believe it. You ask about Sartre? Who the fuck thinks about
Sartre? We're all jealous, he was so famous. Leduc followed his beaver
everywhere. Who the hell gave her that nickname, well, it must have been
Merleau-Ponty, no one else would have dared.

Last time I lit a pipe, it rained. All these chicks; if I were straight,
I'd head for Kristeva personally, a good-looker if there ever was one. 
That stuff about the body turns me on. Irigaray too - just think of her 
in slacks! Amazing! Can't get enough of it, heh! Talk about the SAME or
the DIFFERENCE or whatever - it's whatever works, you know. That's the
punctum! 

Now, you really do have to know how to dress. Sartre was too much like
Sondheim, beatle-eyed, there wasn't a bone to him that wasn't soft, if 
you know what I mean. The beaver wrecked him, that's for sure. He was
world-boggling, I used to say, Sartre, you're a world-boggler. We spent
some time kicking Sollers down the stairs, but then he got his hot little 
hands on Kristeva and Sartre walked around half-cocked and jealous, what
the hell.

I got to tell you about "differance." Derrida got a hell of a lot of
mileage out of that. You change a letter and bang, you're in! I couldn't
believe it. We used to laugh and laugh until that Lyotard (get the name,
just like underclothes!) came along and turned it into the "differend" or
whatever. That's what's happened to theory - change a letter, write a
book!

Or like Foucault, just say the author's dead or doesn't exist or some-
thing. Take the obvious and fuck it up a bit. Works every time. You think
there's a "self" of some sort? Heh, there isn't! Big contract for you!
Thom got a lot of stuff out of catastrophe theory. What the hell's a
catastrophe? Big mistake, lots of francs! You can even write about it
like, Debray or Baudrillard. Attack them all! Describe the whole soup and
noodle of it! More francs. They buy it up big!

I'm going to have my word even if I have to get run over by a van for it.
It's going to be _diferents._ It's got that air about it, like deferred
rents, something about owing capital, the political economy of cultural
debtedness, say when someone designs a web page for you, using pre-coded
CGI-bin stuff! Your culture comes from packages, similar/different, de-
ferred - like any debt, someone's got to collect! So think about the Web
as a debtors' culture, carved out from a confluence of capitals. See what
I mean? 

If you don't, I'm going to get run over by a van for it. That's what hap-
pened I think to Althusser - God, did his mind go, along with his wife! So
much for Stalin - it amazes me theorists are just as much believers as
anyone else. You'd think they'd know better, but then why should they?
Change a vowel, make a million! Heh, I had my fill; you should have seen
me and Raymond Queneau together - he had style, styles, actually, thou-
sands of them! If you'd read his works, you'd know what I mean!

I tell you, if it wasn't for Alan Sondheim, theory wouldn't exist! He sure
keeps us on our toes! We can't get away with a thing when we're around
him! It's amazing; I never saw anything like it. He's so brilliant, I'm
just lost in admiration! The other day I was saying to Mike de Certeau,
Cert, have you read that guy? What guy, he said, he was thinking how cute
Braudel was with all those great books of his remaindered at the Strand! 
Sondheim, I said, and he replied, oh, the musical?! No, I said, the phil-
osopher!!! I've got to read him, said Cert, God, I hardly have time for my
own work, since I was run over by a van. It's really sad - I just got back
from Levinas - he's hardly awake any more, all that stuff about insomnia.

It's the melatonin, I said, Sondheim gave it to him, and it changed his
outlook completely!


