



Tenets of Wryting-Theory


Terminology

I use various terms as stopgap measures, supplements - terms such as
"defuge," "ascii unconscious," "emission," "wryting." These are con-
strued through a phenomenology; they are not articulated through an
overriding structural discourse.

Structure

The structure that emerges is necessarily one of dissolution, as the
subjects - virtuality, Net, darknet, embodiment - are pluralities; the
terms denote domains, discursive formations - not frameworks.

Actants

Between fiction and philosophy, the text devolves through actants or
quasi-characters carrying virtual and psychoanalytical vectors into the
theoretical domain.

Theory

Theory is a continuous production, linked to myself, my actants, my
characters on various applications. (This implies the narcissism of
theory only in a formal-theoretical way.)

Applications

Applications are examined above and below (see below, Beneath, Lamina),
from code to interface to the developments of communities, individuals,
sexualities, and pronominal manifestations within them. Applications are
both realized and fictions themselves.

Future of Philosophy

The text problematizes philosophy, not as situational, but as both vir-
tual and plurality. The text operates carefully and with care; it is
self-reflexive and self-critical.

Self-Criticality

Wryting myself through the text, the text through myself, both are ef-
faced, torn, dismembered in light of, in lieu of, the real. (Thus I re-
peat: I wryte myself into existence; I wryte myself out of existence.)

The Real

The real, Real, is/are left undefined, neither stasis nor operation, and
neither relative nor relegated to the bandwidth of human perception.
There is recognition of core-theoretical components, lending themselves
across domains, just as TCP/IP may be senselessly mirrored in particle
physics.

Uncanny Thinning

The body thins itself, withdraws, catatonic and/or body-without-organs,
particulate, across the semiotic or imaginary; the body is held within
the matrix of the Net. Thinking is thinning, word-flooding.

Limb

It is the pure limb floating in pure space, emblematic of cohesion, co-
herency and lack across domains; the limb is beyond wryting, objet a,
lure. Space is the infiltration of fissure; space collapses to inscrip-
tion.

Fissure

Fissure is the division of the same with the same, as in the cleft of
rock, split of skin, wound or hole or conveyance. Fissure is unrepresen-
ted, is real.

Inscription

Inscription is the division of the other with its negation, as in the
intersection of two complementary sets. Inscription is representation,
is symbolic; the _signifier_ is real, the double-signifieds are index-
ical at best.

Inscription

In CMC everything is inscribed, but the matrix is fissured, read through
inscription, perturbation from beneath.

Beneath, Lamina

An axiomatic air pervades CMC-spaces, not a site of direct implication,
but one of indirect imbrication.

Imbrication

Fractals, self-similarities, fluxes, flows, peripheral phenomena, header
enlargements, lost packets, glutted bandwidths, nudities, characterize
these _resistance spaces,_ spaces of echoes, ghosts, theoretical part-
objects, archaeological remnants.

Remainder

The text I wryte is a remainder, residue, reminder of these spaces; it
is a field or domain, weak-philosophy without conclusion, with upgrad-
ing, with emissions from writing towards the future wrytten.

Mass

Theory becomes substance, theoretical mass, imbroglio and paste.

Inertia

Inertia grounds the theory in the real; inertia interpenetrates the ob-
durate or granularity of the world.

Everything

Everything is world without framework, meaning without relativization.

Nothing

Everything and nothing escapes a wryting without conclusion, with un-
easy ontology, with the promulgation of the writer. Nothing is defuge,
exhaustion of theoretical substance, decathecting, disinvestment. Noth-
ing splays the body; phenomenology is always already a masochism or
opening, masochism whose safe-word is death.

Death

Death is the diacritical of the text, theory-substance, wryting, neither
here nor there. Death is the insomniac of terminology. The text is nei-
ther here nor there. There are no term-limits.


