



Slag


The abandoned freighter remains tied to the end of the rotting pier. 
Enormous loading cranes and their housing have tipped over, cords dang-
ling uselessly in black water, poisoned from the mills. A blue building
houses attempts to clean up the tar ponds; the fan "stops the PCBs from
exploding." The low building, windows broken, holds rusting tools, three
pairs of protective goggles, covered with poisonous residue. Debris
everywhere. I was called back from the pier. High boilers and remnants of
industrialization complete the mile-long landscape; cormorants and mutat-
ing crows huddle on a second pier covered with lumber remnants. Gigantic
steel gears, and a feedpipe repaired with duct tape and garbage bags, com-
plete the landscape of flows, grasses, colored earths, deadly seepages,
cluttered and crumbling ground. There are Internet terminals down the road
and across the town. They lead into Love Canal but into Mongolia. They
lead into Wilkes-Barre, but into Finland and Taiwan. 

Internet stations like stars lead to models of regional economic develop- 
ment, everywhere, take Scranton for example. The models are debris-models 
as mechanization encrusts, crumbles, gathered chemical wastes. In parts 
of wounded planet, I have tasted hell. 

Think of models of regional economic stasis instead, not even sustainable; 
Scranton and Wilkes-Barre and Buffalo lose population, although Ciudad
Juarez continues to grow _and that says it all._ Populations are seepages
as well. I dream of models of regional economic downturn, the gathering of
the tribes, unrealistic as that might be. I dream of turning inward, an
interiority which refuses _tourism-povera_ as something that most often
won't happen in the lands of Arizona abandoned motels, that need not look 
to the finance of the other, already star-lost, but look towards commune, 
communing, instead, among the populations of the world. 

This is the ground-zero of non-development, the truth of Carmanah at the
end of the logging roads, and this is not the truth of the entrepreneur. 
The United States rust belt has become an emission tending north-west,
Atlanta, south-west; areas of the Appalachians are filled with the demo-
graphics of the old and traditional. Displacement stumbles across family
homesteads, farms, brownstones, and in long Phoenix or Seattle people
build new fences and no one has any history. At night they dream rust or
coal or stone. At night they dream steel or iron or wheat. They dream
substances falling down long shoots, shot through feeders, gathered in
hoppers, heated, iced, refrigerated, or the long trains of blue-coated
coal that used to pass around the bend and over the bridge of Kingston
Pennsylvania. Long later, the eighteenth century is beginning to collapse. 
I say, the tourist has whispered goodbye for the Internet, I say geegaws
stuff trailer park shelves gathering permanency nowhere. We're _all_
North-American nowhere, not yet Net gathered, but sheaved and fallen where
we've lain. We're waiting for star-communities, incoming on the Net. We
walk carefully around the slag, trying to avoid the poison. My throat be-
gins to hurt. On the hill above Wilkes-Barre, fires continue to burn deep
inside the earth. I've choked on the sulfur fumes, filmed them in the
depths of the night through heat-sensing equipment. What lives and huddles
as a memory or absolution always gets you in the end. My town turned down.


