


Self-Portrait with Computer


As a child, I loved and played with a Japanese abacus my father brought me
from Korea.

In highschool, I learned log and loglog sliderules, but I was terrible at
differential calculus, and this seeming _inability_ has followed me
throughout my life.

In 1968, Greg Johnson and I built an analog music synthesizer, employing
some of the features of the Moog synthesizer of the time; I used this in
numerous recordings and performances until 1988.

In 1971, I did a series of video/text pieces, using various computers; I
did none of the programming myself. The two main works to come out of that
period were 4320 and Typed Glossolalia.

4320 took advantage of Charles Strauss' programming on the IBM 360 with a
graphics engine; he had programmed a three-dimensional projection of a
hypercube which could be manipulated with various controls, including
joystick.

I sat various subjects down at the controls, and asked them to "move"
through four-dimensional space, turning the hypercube orthogonally so it
became a cube, turning the cube orthogonally so it became a square, and
reducing the square to a point - hence dimensions 4/3/2/0. The various
videotapes, photographs, and texts that came from the project documented
the subjects' abilities to move through these spaces, inhabit them - an
early version of cyberspatiality.

The Typed Glossolalia piece involved random typing into a computer, which
then attempted, through time series analysis, to find patters - i.e. to
see if human determinism existed in actuality. The idea was, that if such
determinism existed, there would be predictability involved. As far as the
analysis went, there wasn't, but this was also dependent on some thinking
about Newton's equations in the calculus of finite differences. (Greg
Johnson did the programming here.)

Around 1977, I bought a TI59 programmable calculator, which used a variety
of assembly language. I made a number of pieces with it, investigating the
behavior of the machine at its limits. I still continue work in this di-
rection, programming a Psion 3A similarly, but with more complex tools at
hand. I also began a language program on the TI59.

In 1977-78, I was at the University of California, Irvine, Art Department.
The Computer Department gave me free reign on a Terak minicomputer, with
ten inch floppies, and I taught myself UCSD Implementation Pascal. I pro-
duced a number of works, including an active hypertext piece/editor - the
user would type into the machine, and the machine would alter the lines
according to predetermined and/or random procedures, including word sub-
stitution, phrase substitution, noise, and so forth.

I also created a second program, using the Turtle work designed by Papert
among others, in order to create a drawing on the screen; the drawing was
produced directly by the string of text which appeared at the bottom,
typed in by the user. Eventually the two would collide and obliterate
each other, and the process would begin again. I spent a great deal of
time working to create "aesthetically pleasing" drawings, according to
the then conceptual neo-geometric aesthetic.

During this same year, I worked on Buchla and Moog synthesizers together,
chaining three of them for various pieces produced in the basement of the
UCI Music Department.

In 1983, I bought a small TR computer from Radio Shack, without any memory
or disk capability at all. It cost $100 and I used it for programming var-
ious functions and examining their behavior; I also made a number of ster-
eo photographs and films using it, including a journey through a four-dim-
ensional ellipsoid. I was programming only in Basic. Some of the results
of this work are also in my Disorders of the Real, 1988, but assembled
from texts and work completed 1984-85.

I had also used, that year, a small Timex computer which I bought for $25,
with a primitive interface to television; I created a number of films us-
ing it as well.

In 1986-7, Denise de la Cerda and I set up an analog music studio with
numerous analog computer components, both factory-built and handmade; as
Damaged Life, we performed and recorded with them.

In 1993, I began using an old IBM XT on the Net, and programming in Basic
on it, later Qbasic on a Compaq Presario 486/25 and this current AST 486/
33. The programs included everything from simple artificial life demon-
strations, to various studies of fractal and chaos theory. The computer
has become more of a window to other machines; using a linux box in 1995
at Parsons, I modified a Nuts talker, following earlier work on an lpmud
residing still in DOS.

In 1992, I set up my own small analog video studio here in New York.

In 1992-4, I had three residencies at the Experimental Television Center
in Owego, New York, where I used two Amigas plus an analog video synthe-
sizer to produce works dealing with sexuality and postmodern geography;
these were shown in a series of shows at Millennium Film in New York and
elsewhere.

In 1994-5, I taught myself the proper use of the Chinese and Japanese
abacuses, working them for meditation and some video works.

Between the dates above, there was straightforward film/video/photography
and writing above all. Computers came in and out of my life, centered
around particular concerns; the writing remained and remains a constant.

I never could program well, but I could and can create elegant mathemati-
cal graphics, demonstrating various structures which continue to interest
me. I've learned over and over again my own limitations, begging others to
help me with one or another language, or even implement some of my ideas
directly. This is as far as I've gotten, and always so short of time, as
far as I will ever get.


