


Tiffany's "Perturbations of a LIfe-Style Yet Unfounded"


The book I have chosen to review is Tiffany's Perturbations of a Life-
Style Yet Unfounded. It is a very good because, because Tiffany, like Mar-
garet Duras, is a wonderful writer who writes "from her own experience,"
and not that of someone else's. She is remarkable in that her pictures are
very well drawn and everyone comes alive, even though some of them may be
just characters on the "Internet" which we use to talk to one another
everyday now. But she is much more than "Internet" because she is a real
person, if I say so myself. 

Tiffany starts her wonderful book with an account of her early childhood
in Bavaria. I am not sure where this is, but I am told it is in Germany
and has a lot of forests. Tiffany seems to love the forests because she
talks about the "woods" a lot (she talks about the "woods" when she means
"forest"). She says that she could almost taste them but that she is from
Santa Barbara and I am not sure where that is. It sounds Spanish so I
think she must have gone to Bavaria from Spain and I think they must be
very close because she was very young.

She says she had all these wonderful addresses, and I bet you think that's
a surprise to me! that she really didn't go anywhere but just sat at her
Netscape! But I figured that out all along when she said she had been in
Boston because that's another continent. She must have been a very fast
typer!

In chapter 3, Tiffany writes about her wee-wee. I do not know why she does
this, but she does. It must have been fun to her and now it is fun to me
too. Sometimes I sit and type on my computer, and I look for Bavaria. I
did a search on Bavaria and I found out a lot about Europe and then I went
and looked for Tiffany there in Bavaria, and I found her! Tiffany was in a
bar called The Craggy Hollow. I had to look "Hollow" up and I found it
wasn't something empty but a little valley and "Craggy" means a lot of
cliffs and stuff and it was just a name.

I found Tiffany in The Craggy Hollow, Hello Tiffany, I say, and she turns
to me and does a very little curtsey and says Why, Hello. She was not
doing anything like tricks that she does. She is not a prostitute! I know
all about that! She was just bored because it was late at night (she lives
in Santa Monica!) and she had no one to talk to. I could be very special
for Tiffany! 

In chapter 4 she says I was very special, truly! I am so happy to have
read this! I will go and thank her!

This is a wonderful book and everyone should read it! It is written in a
simple style but has a lot of things to think about. I find it very deep,
especially the chapter where her dog dies, and her little sayings like
"home is where the heart is" and "life is beautiful when you make it that
way." I will remember these forever.

I could tell you so much more! I really loved this book and it has meant a
lot to me. It reminds me of Edna St. Millay because they are both young
women and love the great outdoors. My next report will be on Edna St. Mil-
lay and I can't wait! 

In conclusion, Tiffany's "Perturbations of a Life-Style Yet Unfounded" is
a modern masterpiece. It has something to say to anyone who will read it.
It is very exciting, especially the part about the murders. I couldn't put
it down! I wish the book never ended, but the conclusion, about the world
of fashion, was just so wonderful! I feel I have learned a lot!


