==





Phenomenology of the Other





Even now, I cannot speak for the Other, said Nikuko. The Other has her

chains around me; they are of my own manufacture, not in the sense of

hand-work, but of factory-labor, theoretical machinery refusing permis-

sion to the nth degree. 



The chains are fiery and adamant; I hold my wasted arms within them, un-

daring to touch the heated metal. The Other, by the very fact of her ex-

istence, holds me enthralled, holds me in thrall. I am immobilized. Alan

says, spell that out; Nikuko replies, it is the Other who spells, casts

spells, the caste of the Other whom I do not understand, whom I dare not

comprehend, whom I cannot comprehend.



She will open up gates and filters to me, routers and firewalls to me; she

will throw everything in my direction, to the extent that I am thrown into

existence, into her existence, out of existence. She is writing this - if

I have anything to say, it is that the Other is writing this, that I am an

Other, that she is external, that I am supplicant. Alan says so she writes

you into existence, Nikuko, and Nikuko replies, no, it is not like that,

Alan, I am primordial, pre-existent; when I die, the world dies with me.



But she is writing this, yes, she is writing this, without my permission,

Alan, and she has opened all firewalls and all fields, and I will call

her, will call the Other, Bodhisattva, but not in her regard, not in the

regard of the Other, Alan. Not in the look, Nikuko, Alan replied, not in

the gaze of the Other, Nikuko, and Nikuko replies, I can wait, I can

always wait.



Wa wa wa.





Note: Why Bodhisattva? Who has declared in this manner, and to whom? It is

a disturbing move, as is the "primordial." Is opening an arousal? Is the

Other always already a lure as such? Is the Other always open? What does

it mean, not to recognize firewalls? Surely prisons are stronger than any

thought; in the United States, their privatization turns thought into

mass-substance, and the country into a complex of concentration camps.

Bodhisattvas seem distant, in terms of compassion and spirituality. Nikuko

and Alan, of course, are talking otherwise: Nikuko and Alan are still per-

mitted to talk.





