==





Interference Theory of Dis-ease





    The curtain rises.



    She walks to the front of the stage



    She bows. She begins to speak.



There is no girl in my life. I watch you carefully. I learn from you. At

night I'm sleepless. I want to focus on theory. I want to write philoso-

phy. Instead, the sheets are trampled beneath me. I wake sweating with

uneasy dreams. Without theory I am lost. Without you, I am more than lost;

your limbs break my hypothesis. I am obsessive-compulsive. I follow you

everywhere, I inhale you. Your scent surrounds me. I dream of your cast-

off clothing. 



    She bows. She speaks again.



The boys tease me; I don't pay attention. They're not in my dreams. I am

writing an essay; I am writing about ontology, about epistemology - I am

talking to you. What is there to understand? I use the metaphor of eating

- I want to devour you, devour everything about you. Wanting is like brea-

thing; to want is to be wanton, think of nothing but you. It interferes,

this metaphor - your body outlined in the window-light. I can't speak

well, this emotion has surrounded me.



    She bows. She speaks again.



Breathing is a kind of focusing. My nakedness is a gift; I write, always,

naked. Ontology collapses in waves against the body; sight pries open the

darkest secrets. This is the job of the philosopher and the lover; there

is no differance. You duplicate yourself repeatedly; you are everywhere,

shuddering within the fragile domains of objects, outlined against stones,

trees, cars, radios, men and women. Are fantasies theories, theories fan-

tasies? Are we knowing? Are we better people?



    She bows. She speaks again.



I want to devour, want wanton, to devour more than ever, inhale flesh and

cloth, hair and necklace, nail and effluvia, eyes and thinking that makes

us human, against all techne, against all odds. It is my obsequious priv-

ilege, my humiliation, to devour. You show yourself to me; that is, you

walk in newer clothes. I show myself to you, naked and broken, written by

theory, writing you, writing theory.



    She bows. She speaks again.



I am afraid of nothing I devour. I am fearful of theory, of my dreams of

theory, of my theory of dreams, of your dreams. Thank you for listening.



    She bows.



    The curtain falls.





