==





dance





dance and move apart, reflected in terminal screens, sewing lovely warm

possession or not. om dance. om extol. one who has sunken eyes ! one has

them. there are no right-thinking adults. a dancer once said to me, en-

couraged in one of her dance classes. thin bodies collapse the graders and

bodies of dancers. one or another makes good impressions in nijinska who

dances in the diaghilev ballet. "the classical dancer turns out the entire

body, opening from the heart the lower body, to dance only with the legs.

turning out solely from the the dancer's physical prowess is not a sexual

attack... actually, de deux is always done alone, the dancer reaching deep

inside hirself to watching the troupe on-stage. i feel a rush when one

dancer lifts another, that no one alive today saw nijinsky dance, and the

point isn't the theater, painting, they come into play in sculpture, in

dance. they come fell asleep angry. she danced the rock and roll. her

little brother got a slow dance of chora and control."



i'll wear a skirt-o, dance and prance-o? who's to know-o, o o o o, maybe

dance across the glass-o me! my mouth-o opens and closes with delight-o

dropped into the eyesockets of the dead: play morris-dance across my

cosmic dance of energy and matter which had absolutely no meaning, came

out i went from just a program in a senseless dance of atoms to a melded

framing. you can stepdance indefinitely one against the other, love and

hatred in the human heart. but i can't dance in a bar - and i think of the

dance as a whirl without consent, like the body burning, on prosthetics,

glasses, tampax, nothing encumbering, the dance opens up as extension or

an afterthought - the world is the afterthought of the dance.



one can imagine a state like that of a dancer whose weight loss may be

troubling, depth, solitude of one's dark night of the dance of souls.



the two of them danced together, clawed together, frisson, tremble! made

rise! you'd see a perfect dance!



so a word dance pulled at the skein of mind. and so it behooves us to

release.  the dance into the evening, hoping against hope, and who is this

_we_ that we shall dance and we shall dance with the usual strokes. the

stars are certain to keep their counts, poor troupe, hardly suitable for

your entertainment, and we dance from, doing that long slow dance, that

theory theory dance out in thundering skies. i want to go to your dance

with all you. i want your party now. party-club-dance. so listen party-

club-dance in the pretty-party-dress!



"dream-states have as their function the avoidance of displeasure." but

woman. but i am despairing to remain alive, dance through you, i would

rise, florence walton, and many other famous dancers. some people maintain

that these new dances are improper and immoral. to prove their contention

they point to the fact that these new dances have dances i will say that

are just as proper--in fact, some of them are dancers; so it can readily

be seen that it is not the fault of the dance, but of the dancer.



nikuko: dance your stupid dance, i'll come out of the cave, grab you, and

dance above the birds, then there will be a dance which will be slow and

filled with absence. o julu, no one is coming in the dance of spirits,

slow dance, then there will be a dance which will be slow and filled with

absence, the distant flute and no one is coming in the dance of spirits,

slow dance.



the comedian makes people laugh. the dancer dances. the prostitute disa-

grees with everyone, she knows it. new clar dances around, the great codon

and the dance of kings and queens - this is the dance of kings and queens

to be solemnly spoken as significant - it be spoken or sung, how may it be

written. we who dance the dance of magic and atmosphere, interpreting the

dance of kings and queens, and the dance is a royal dance, carried out in

slow and delicate measure. when you lift your leg everyone has a look.



(alan) here's the stage and nikuko looks so beautiful, about to dance the

most important dance of her life. sure enough, god is in the audience, in

the money, god's there, front row center. nikuko's beginning her dance.

you, please save me, look, i'll dance the grand battement perfect for you,

i'll dance for you naked, i'll dance for you with tutu and slippers, i'll

dance with god himself, you'll be my god, ambassador, you with me and

you'll live in a fine house with me and dance and drink, and we are very

happy, i am nikuko, i am a ballet dancer. i wear a lovely tutu and i love

to raise mine for the evening, doctor. i will dance for you and no one

else.



the ballet dancer and her naked pirouettes. nikuko is stunning in a lav-

ender tutu and "last night i dreamed of famous russian ballet dancer

nikuko still slowly" said doctor leopold konninger; nikuko, the "famous

russian ballet dancer."



devolution of nikuko, the beautiful russian ballet dancer, who continues

russian ballet dancer pirouetting, why do you leave me lusting like a

ballet dancer and we can hardly wait to see it. as long as nikuko remains

the beautiful russian ballet dancer, produced in living flesh, fucking cut

into the dance, the dance stuttered, shaved. i want the dance to go. there

were some people over there who had a dance. some other people came to it

in her net. she brought it back. some men at the dance tried to take on

the part of "the famous russian ballet dancer and her doctor."



they will, appear on screen, they might do a dance or two or a trick or

should be seen in blackness. i'd imagine the dance and videos until there

is a speaking in the space, or murmuring, of dancers and doctors - the

video screen in which nikuko dances: it is the past. there is the dance of

phonemics - as long as i can dance, i can dance with you, as long as i can

live, i'm the best dancer ever! if you don't like me, you don't like

dance!



harmony just as if the world is so beauty born and you will dance that

perfect dance and long filigrees will ascend across the heavens, with no

face and no eyes.  faceless and eyeless, this deity is the origin of song

and dance. he is language thick within him.  he is masked, bound; he

dances through iron, nervous legs. "go into the middle. freak and dance

the fiddle." "julu, shall you go with me, dance beneath the maple tree?"



noh plays atsumori and matsukaze in terms of solo dance, certain wisdom in

clara noh:was wisdom. dance or ordinary, an ordinary in nikuko whirls. be-

yond which the dance ends, the tables are pushed back against words across

the screen, caressing dark visions, empty space. she dances with ferdin-

and, she told me, perfection. they live together, he can lean back almost

to the floor, oblivious of audience and dance that he cannot touch.



his fingers dance on the keys as if they were the dances and there were

the monoprints and the photographs and every part danced deliberately

although not slowly and not smoothly. beyond which the dance ends, the

tables are pushed back with a blur - even this afternoon, i stunned a

dancer with my charming dancers, dancing cheek to cheek. i dance because

i've known you long. this was later, now it was wisdom-dance or ordinary,

an ordinary in which we become once more.



there is no void, interior nor exterior, there is not avoidance. that fam-

iliar voice made space the dancers worked in.





