==

        



Writing.out





Nikuko says she doesn't speak so much as try words out. And not just

words, or not primarily words, but words in sequences, seeing if they

fit together. There's always a question associated with her voice as

it's written - her voice which is an inference or a dreaming. What is

cyberspace. It is a dreaming. What kind of dreaming. The kind where

there appear to be dominions and grids, always expanding, intersecting

- who knows whether or not they're regular. You can see the fine

wires. Nikuko says she doesn't mean fiber optic at all, she's talking

about the wires laying across the ground as if they were attached to

guided missiles. Someone wears goggles, Jennifer adds, and then she

can see where the missile goes. You can see through the front-end

television. The target gets closer and closer; you might imagine the

pores of the skin and then, nothing. After the explosion, wires re-

mained criss-crossing the desert. That's the kind of dream cyberspace

is, says Nikuko, just exactly.



In that, there are words which are targets, you can imagine the mis-

sile heading towards _hunger._ It lands somewhere between the _u_ and

_n_, she says, think of it as



                    ||

                    ||

                    ||

                    ||

                  hu||nger



breaking it in two, its connection with organism. Then there's no more

hunger, Jennifer asks playfully? No, there's no more hunger, that is

surely the truth, Nikuko "says." She has tried the word on, seen it

fit to wear, to fail, to fall, to fulfill. She has tried it on, shot

it down. In a dream, the word has appeared; it was at the bottom of a

deep valley, in the midst of a deeper ocean. It was blank ink in dark-

blue water, and as she watched it, it dissipated, and then later,

there was a thread about it on an email list, and that was in her

dream as well - writing a response to the list, cc: ing it to her con-

scious - and here, Jennifer began to think, she was at last coming to

grips with it, writing her hunger out.





