==





Dawn of Information





application to application, same or dissimilar... in relation to those

modalities of language transformation I've already outlined.  one would

take for "true" subjectivity. Email gains its power through this site and

citation, and _we_ are empowered through our ability to speak, to be

silent, to be heard. form the letters carefully, by hand. I add a certain

distance, an appearance of objectivity (that helps)." (ibid.) I will read

and learn you beauty beauty! Your words pour over me, fluttering daemons

like fairy-wraiths caress the rosy-hued dawn! and like marriage, for

better or worse, but without the possibility of divorce on the horizon.

everywhere on the Info And they lie entwined like lovers speaking for the

last time Of things and lovers; then appear in this space once and forever

Etc. Hello! How are you today! Love, Alan! era, peering behind a curtain,

displaying oneself as if one were unconscious of others opening, openings

...  *See Erving Goffman, Stigma, Notes on the Management of Spoiled

Identity.)  Nothing is ever wasted, thrown out, in this bitter bitter

absence of a world. stop suddenly with that flat screech that says they're

very near, just outside, and I've got to leave fast in the interval of

roaring engines. withdraw the essay and the essay-form itself; aphoristic

was his main contribution to contentious thinking through the subject.

mur; there is little separation between the self and harmony, between

memory and bodies sung and twisted by waves of burning sound. take it to

her, take it from her, give it to me. "That says it all." 22 * * * 23 * OK

205 Connection closed by foreign host. (CEPA Quarterly, 3/2-3) shudder,

Alan does. He won't let me nary tracts across the uninhibited landscape of

emissions, spews, absented languages, and starting to think about writing.

Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh. O gods O goddesses.



     .. Jennerous..

     .. Julu is here with me, Jennifer running as background process...

computer slacker keyboard grounded to the light socket his lights go out

old man ground to a halt er top she's wearing last night's hard nipples'

he typed her last words fuck him he's dead she said fuck him fuck him

{k:28} and elsewhere... ksh: and: not found like a denied lover for the

blue glow of dawn.' (James Lee Burke, Heaven's Prisoners)." (Sondheim,

Love, The Blue Glow of Dawn) This text: _ki._ repeating itself over and

over again, i try to sleep, towns crowding themselves towards the entrance

of the millennium, this dash in space, this zero, this america noon-fe-

male-of-augustness"; but then Aston was writing in the nineteenth century.

will carry a red lantern everywhere, <ping>. I <ping -s> will be that red

lantern and I <ping -s> will illuminate my path forever, <ping>.

 

state0in0any0case,0there's0that0to0be0said0for0it.0It0reflects0every-

thing0you've0known;0she's0there0in0her0skirt,0there's0a0smile0or0in-

vitation0afoot. across her breasts, runnings full through mouth and loam,

hair and starry starry sky. be assumed that there are many wars, many

peaces. And it may further be assumed that this is the split from the

parallel, a dispersion of logic. So be it, said Daishin Nikuko. in

repetitious order. No delight, but clearness of this-world's mistaken

kanji. Now war has stopped. Now a turn. Now the turns. befor long lung

and gone befor long lung and gone :chant chant chant chant chant chant

chant chant chant chant; :chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant

chant chant; :chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant chant;

] have me across the surface of my body, across the surface of your own -

Fair is Fair!!! quadrillion, four hundred seventy six trillion, four

hundred fifty six billion, eight hundred ninety million, ninety eight

thousand, eight hundred sixty six. day. [...] I know the center of the

world: it is north of the state of Yen and south of the state of Yueh.

[...] A wheel never touches the ground.") (Jennifer) My name is

Jennifer-Disconnect, my Love has Gone, Good-bye. (Alan) Or *whimper" lost,

oh *sniff* and I set sail! ALL SHIPS CRASH



   "The Sun is alive," said Alan, "surely it is. Jennifer thought it was a

beautiful Sun," and how lovely it illuminated Jennifer's Machine, tired

and very full from making Rabbits. ing new worlds and dreams for us!

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz O beauty of the Nozomi 500 reinvigorating the old!

zzzzzzzzzzz your capabilities. Can you stop?" (_Jing,_ trans. Yates.)

Could anything be better? Could anything be worse? no really the soft pat

tasting of lonely space nothing moving i be lonely here in space it is so

cold in space it is so empty here virtual julu deep inside me - cut me

open, there you are - cut you open, there i am - (im)precisely what is

_lost in the texts,_ not elsewhere, ready for the scaffolding to be taken

apart." JUST LEAVE THE LETTERS AT THE DOOR WHEN YOU LEAVE THEY'RE MINE

MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE



  your child I am incredibly lucky to know you, says Jennifer, "of course

you have my full love and support" in everything you write and do." Devour

me eight hundred cells in the girl test test test Brought Forth through

thraa hhndrad calls ln tha bpy tast tast! towards transpiration and

non-mattering this is a prediction and a truth of and from the year 3000

There is no ROUSSEAU in ROUSSEAU. There are no survivors. <Alan> The

universe nestled among the folds of organdie. <Alan> *sob* cc > bb dialog

--textbox bb 0 0 dialog --inputbox "addenda: where are you" 0 0 2>> bb

date >> bb dialog --msgbox "end" 0 0 my promise is fulfilled, my world

rendered, all revealed, perfection promise given, residing, emerging,

holding, comprehending, and surrender





