==





Parables of Nikuko





One day Nikuko was walking by the banks of a raging river. She was reading

the Diamond Sutra, and stepped dangerously near the shoreline. A passing

monk came up to her and said, Please be careful, or you will drown. Nikuko

said, The Diamond Sutra will save me. The monk said, The Diamond Sutra has

never saved anyone. He grabbed the scroll from her and threw it in the

river. Nikuko, furious, jumped in after it, and with much difficulty

brought it back to shore. The monk said, On the other hand, everyone saves

the Diamond Sutra.







There once was a lion who terrorized the villages of southern Kyushu.

Nikuko was walking near Kirishimayama one day, hoping for enlightenment.

The more she hoped, the farther she walked, and the farther she walked,

the more hopeless her condition. Mired in emotion, she vanquished the lion

in a dreamlike state from which she never recovered. Now enlightened, she

continued her terrorization of the villages, plundering, raping, and mur-

dering, without cause, with great effect. She knew there were no lions.







It was Hokkaido's darkest winter in a long time. Outside, the ground was

frozen. Nikuko sat by a fire inside the thatched hut; covered with skins,

she chanted Amida, slowly drinking tea. Her eyes were half open, her child

asleep in the corner. The wind howled; the flickering flames made eerie

patterns on the wall. But there was something else in the wind and the

snow, something not quite right with the night. Something was shuffling

around the hut, and, if she tried, she heard great wings beating. She was

certain it was a tengu, come to disturb her meditation. Nikuko felt a

great sleep come over her, her body covered by wings, not skins. She woke

in the early dawn; there were wings everywhere upon her, her muscles thick

within them. Nikuko moved the wings in great swatches; they beat in all

directions, and she remained immobilized. Her child had vanished. She

could no longer chant, could no longer speak. She huddled there, the fire

cold, beating her wings, again and again. The walls of the hut were over-

come, her soul was overcome. She continued beating. She beat the air into

clouds, beat the winter sun back in the sky. The day dawned warmer and

warmer; Nikuko, exhausted, fell back down into a deep sleep, enlightened,

as winter returned to the land.







Why dogs don't have horns. In bygone days, male dogs had horns centered in

their high and bony foreheads. The horns were symbols of their prowess,

and many a villager was kept awake at night by ferocious fighting - the

horns clattering against each other. One day Nikuko was wending her way

from the hotsprings in Oita - an enlightened being, she allowed her mind

to drift. Suddenly, a ferret crossed the road in front of her. In a split

second, Nikuko and the ferret changed places, Nikuko now running low upon

the ground, working the roads as cross-walks, heading in and out of the

deep forests surrounding her. Sure enough, a dog approached, its horn hard

against the sky. Nikuko was sweating and naked, her skin scratched by

brambles, her breath hot and heavy from running. The dog lowered its head,

Nikuko exchanged places with the horn. The horn fell useless to the ground

and forever disappeared; Nikuko, astride the dog, changed places with a

bee, a bird, a plant, a butterfly, and a ferret, in just that very order.

Now cooled by the shadows of dusk among the bamboo, she continued on her

way. A monk passed by, laughing, and asked, Nikuko, after all this play,

are you any the wiser? Nikuko replied, not in the slightest, Izanagi, not

the least little bit.







Before there was the word, there was no beginning. Nikuko tried to think.

She couldn't think. She didn't have time to think, and she itched. Nikuko

scratched herself and flakes of skin fell into the water. They became

Japan. Nikuko thought, I will take a swim. Nikuko said, I am swimming,

and her mouth filled with water. She spat it out and it became Lake Biwa.

Did I just say something, said Nikuko. She thought, now I can say all

sorts of things. Just as she thought that, all sorts of things appeared.

They were grey until she said, What a colorful life. They were dark until

she said, I wish it were sunny out. They were hot until she said, I wonder

when it will snow, and they were too shiny until she said Good night.







Another day Nikuko was walking on the long path from Sata towards the

mountains; the day was overcast and uncomfortably cool. She passed several

fishermen on the way, their nets heavy, their faces weathered, searching

the clouds. The sun was shiny metal in the grey sky; there were mists

about. Someone was walking towards her from the distance, as if in a

dream. Nikuko recalled later that the woman looked like a stranger, then

familiar, then a friend. It was Nikuko walking from the mountains, heading

towards Sata. It's not surprising that I met myself on the road, Nikuko

later said to Izanagi, but it was surprising that I would ever want to

return to Sata, after all.







Izanagi and Nikuko came upon a corpse lying by the side of the road. They

were on the way back from Kagoshima; it was the middle of the night, but

the moon illuminated the landscape. Look, said Izanagi, something is

moving. Sure enough, a thin shadow flitted across the body, which was that

of a young samurai. He is not yet reborn, said Nikuko, and is moving

quickly through rebirth after rebirth; he continues to commit seppuku,

waiting for the proper body. He is bound to the wheel, Izanagi replied;

see how the body freshens every so often, as he almost returns to this

life. With that, Izanagi took his sword and severed the head with one

blow. He'll have to go somewhere else now, said Izanagi, turning around,

but Nikuko was nowhere to be seen.







This is a story that has been told many times, but is well worth the re-

telling. One day Izanagi and Nikuko, for it is true that they traveled

together, were passing by a ridge in the vicinity of Dazaifu. The way was

steep, and suddenly, a white fox bounded across the path in front of them,

disappearing into the bamboo forest. Izanagi said, This must be an omen;

let us keep our eyes open for further adventures. Nikuko remained silent

and thoughtful as they continued on their way. All at once, the forest

grew darker, the birds stopped their singing, and the strips of sunlight

disappeared from the tall stems. Another omen, Izanagi said, and Nikuko

remained silent. A little further on, they came to a stone peculiarly

carved in the shape of a tortoise (Why, at this height, said Izanagi), and

beyond that, they saw a small stream reverse its course, wending its way

uphill. Izanagi spoke again, asking Nikuko, All these omens, what do they

signify. Nikuko replied, These omens announce one another, like the cycle

of births and rebirths; they signify nothing but each other, the eternal

wheeling of worlds. They continued along the path, passing two unicorns

fighting, a woman playing a ch'in in a most mournful manner, golden birds,

and dragons coursing through the air, as they made their way to the

summit.







A well-made shakuhachi is created from root bamboo, worked on for weeks

and months, lacquered inside, a hardwood insert in the mouthpiece. When

Nikuko plays the shakuhachi, whole worlds appear within the moist interior

air between the five finger-holes. Bacteria thrive, stationary waves hold

colonies of protozoa in perfect suspension. After the shakuhachi is

swabbed, smaller life-forms cling to the lacquer, and for hours or days,

cultures appear and disappear. One evening, while Nikuko played beneath

her basket, two robbers approached her. Her shakuhachi was made from a

single piece of bamboo without any joints, and, with the old narrow bore

and wide stem, it was a strong instrument. Nikuko, swinging it this way

and that, defeated them without missing a note. There are many silences in

shakuhachi music, and life-within, life-without, each contains histories

full of pathos, sweetness, violence and despair, lives clinging to the

sounds, suspended.







Nikuko invented the syllabic script; Izanagi threw it away. Nikuko inven-

ted the wheel; Izanagi rolled it out of site. Nikuko gave fire to humans;

Izanagi stole the flames. Nikuko invented clothing; Izanagi tore it into

shreds. Then Nikuko invented all the kanji, a myriad of signs; Izanagi was

overwhelmed. What can I do with them, he said, There are so many, they

will prove useless to men. But men read and reread the kanji, memorizing

each and every one, and out of the shapes of the signs arose the wheel,

fire, and clothing. Only the syllabic script remained behind, nurtured in

the lives of women, always a chance, in this or any other worlds, of sub-

verting, replacing, the kanji. Thus was hiragana born, as a reminder that

invention and memory can reside, not only in the signs themselves, but

also in the spaces between them.







How the snail got its shell. Nikuko pared her toenails, and a slug, ever-

fearful of death, crawled into one of the cuttings. Why the bamboo grows

so straight. Of all the plants, the bamboo first avoided the cycles of

rebirth by least inhabiting the world. Nikuko rewarded it by allowing it

grow the fastest towards the heavens (i.e. a straight line is the shortest

distance between two points). Why water flows downhill. Nikuko made the

reflection of water one of the three gifts, in the form of a mirror. In

order to reflect, water had to fill the land (i.e. flow downhill into

hollows). How the torii originated. Nikuko instructed a prince to build a

bridge that went everywhere and nowhere at once. Why birds fly. Nikuko

needed messengers to Izanagi. Why men are taller than women. One day Niku-

ko was asked what the greatest blessing would be. To see beneath the surf-

ace of things, she replied. Why there are births and rebirths. Once Nikuko

fell asleep, tired from the creation of beings and souls. She said to Iza-

nagi, perhaps there are too many, or perhaps there are still not enough.

Izanagi replied, let them find out for themselves. Why bees make honey. In

order to chant the Amidah in the winter. Why men fight. One day Izanagi

said to Nikuko, there are too many of them, and they take too long to die.

Why flowers open in the summer. To hear the bees chant Amidah. Why the

shamisen took so long to enter the floating world. It took that long to

steal three strands of hair from Nikuko for the strings; that is why the

shamisen plays music no one can resist (i.e. the strings tie up the man in

knots).







One day Nikuko left Wa to see the worlds she had created. She traveled

through Afghanistan and the outskirts of the Roman Empire, coming at last

to Palestine. Here she walked towards the Galil, having heard of a new

prophet, as prominent as Izanagi. She was disappointed; his voice was thin

and his message all too familiar; he also spoke of a poverty of gods. One

day she rose in the morning to the sound of weeping; it was the prophet,

Jesus, forlorn and weeping. I will lose my followers, he said to Nikuko, I

have prayed over and over again for a miracle, and none is forthcoming.

Nikuko said, I can help you; the trouble is that men can walk on water,

and there is nothing to be done here. With that, she created drowning and

forgetfulness; men no longer remembered the flowing of streams and rivers

beneath their feet. When the prophet walked on water, it was he alone who

did so; the rest, by diminution, worshiped him as the miraculous son of

God.







Nikuko was resting at Dazaifu. Izanagi said, Nikuko, how many kami, beyond

the eight or eighty million. There were kami everywhere, pouring from the

stones, from the blades of grass, from the hills. There were kami gathered

in the shrines, shadows swimming without a ripple, beneath the surface of

the ponds. Nikuko replied, Sometimes it's not even me who's speaking,

they're swarming within me, sometimes one or another speaks, their words

escape me and new shrines are built, one even even made a world so fragile

it destroyed itself. Izanagi replied, And I, Nikuko, what is within me.

Nikuko replied, The blades of grass, the hills and pools here, worlds of

inconceivable fragility. Suddenly Izanagi split open and the same world

emerged and settled down, with Izanagi in it. This is the 'Enlightenment

of Izanagi.'







Nikuko and Izanagi were at Kirishimayama, walking among the mountain

paths. Izanagi said to Nikuko, Who will write your parables? Nikuko

replied, It does not matter, there are none about how the Leopard got his

spots. Are there no female Leopards, asked Izanagi. Yes, replied Nikuko,

but the blemish clothed the male. Izanagi said, But who will write your

parables? Nikuko said, There are not enough things in the world for

parables. What would you have, Izanagi asked. More explanations, replied

Nikuko, as if causes had effects, and effects had causes. So parables lie,

said Izanagi, since they imply causes and effects tied together, as men

and women are tied in procreation. Exactly, replied Nikuko, the binding of

parables makes causes and effects, and out of these men and women thrive,

and make culture. What they do then, asked Izanagi? Forget both of us

after a while, replied Nikuko; and they continued on their way.







Izanagi and Nikuko walked through National Park Kirishima. It was a sunny

day; like mothers, the divine mountains embraced them warmly. Let us stop

for a refreshing drink, said Izanagi. Certainly, said Nikuko. They paid

500 yen each, which seemed reasonable. It is good to have a park at the

base of Yamato, where this world began and gods descended and ascended,

said Izanagi. Nikuko replied, It is even better that the base rotates and

wobbles with the rest of the planet, sweeping the heavens above and the

oceans below. Yes, replied Izanagi, we never know where our ascent will

take us, but Yamato is friendly and grateful, and a good place to sit.

Don't spill your drink, said Nikuko, this world has gravity.







What would happen if I were blind, Nikuko asked Izanagi. You can see per-

fectly, replied Izanagi. Of course I can, said Nikuko. And I have all my

other senses as well. Do you think the gods have more senses than humans,

asked Izanagi. Do you think we are gods, asked Nikuko. Humans have five

senses, said Izanagi, and they are smell, taste, sight, hearing, and touch

in that order. Why in that order, asked Nikuko. Because they must smell

what they taste, although they are afraid of it, and what it might say to

move them, answered Izanagi. We have eight senses, said Nikuko, because we

can determine hot from cold, tall from short, high from deep, truth from

falsehood, and soft from hard. That makes ten senses, said Izanagi, Ah,

said Nikuko, but do we truly taste what we smell, are not both the most

intimate form of touch for us? And as for blindness, added Nikuko, for me,

sight is the least important sense of all; I walk and speak with eyes

closed, talk without looking at my neighbor, and listen to the world in

the silence of the night. Sight is overrated, said Izanagi; I haven't seen

for years. Perhaps there's nothing to look at, replied Nikuko.







One day Izanagi and Nikuko were walking in the vicinity of Nara. They

passed a market full of merchants from Honshu and Silla, busy with their

wares. The clattering of soroban filled the air. When we count, said

Nikuko, we use our fingers up to twelve. And after twelve, asked Izanagi.

We count by by shells to one-hundred-twenty, Nikuko replied. Thereafter to

five-hundred-forty, we consider bamboo stalks, and after that, to roughly

two-thousand, we use rice-plants, that their yield may be great. Izanagi

asked again, and after two-thousand. There are lacquer boxes to four-thou-

sand-three-hundred, Nikuko said, and after that, scrolls to ten-thousand,

that we may properly observe the rites and rituals. After that, there is

only the counting by numbers and words, that goes nowhere, and means noth-

ing. There is a certain truth in that, said Izanagi. There are a number of

bamboo stalks in them, replied Nikuko.







What did you do with the atoms, asked Nikuko, as they left Nara, heading

south. Bad mistake, said Izanagi, there was a loophole, they'll destroy

themselves. Not again, replied Nikuko, we should readjust the cycles of

worlds; let them be born elsewhere, keeping the balance. Where do you

imagine, said Izanagi, adding, perhaps in another universe altogether.

Nikuko replied, Excellent, and if we leave gravity behind, they could just

float around if the atoms misbehave. Atoms, said Izanagi, this time I want

nothing but fluids; we could have two elements and a whole lot of informa-

tion. About what, said Nikuko. About where everybody's been before, and

where they'll be going, replied Izanagi. Then they might stay put, said

Nikuko. No, said Izanagi, they'll come back, they always miss the little

things in life.







Nikuko and Izanagi were walking near Lake Biwa. They were discussing the

parables of Nikuko, which were also the parables of Izanagi. He said,

They'll be known by your name, The Parables of Nikuko. She replied, Noth-

ing in this world exists outside of the sign, or everything exists outside

of the sign. If nothing exists outside, these parables will remain forever

in human memory, but if everything exists outside, these parables will

already have been forgotten. That is indeed a sentence, said Izanagi, or a

sentencing. It is only two, said Nikuko, and that is already two too many.

They continued walking around the shore.  







Nikuko was wending her solitary way back to Dazaifu; she was tired, and

the path was wet from the recent rains. She came across an old man hobbl-

ing along; he moved slowly, his face twisted with age. Suddenly she felt

herself in the presence of an enlightened being. She asked him who he was,

and discovered he was mute (i.e. he did not reply, either because he could

not speak, or because he could not hear, or because he desired silence

above all else). It was then that she realized he had most likely lost his

mind, slowly withdrawing from the world by virtue of incapacity, which he

had turned to good purpose by focusing on the perfection and evanescence

of all things. She continued on her way, thinking that the emptier the

mind, the greater the flow; by the side of the road, a granite boulder

murmured Aum, and she was enlightened.







Nikuko met Death on the way from Yamaguchi to Kokura. On the way from

Fukuoka Castle, Nikuko met Nichirin. Nikuko met the fisherwoman on the

outskirts of Miyazaki. Down from Kamogami, Death met Nikuko on the road.

In Kumamoto prefecture, Nikuko met three samurai near a well.  Outside of

Oita, Death. Izanagi said to Nikuko, Almost everyone you meet is more

interesting than Death. Nikuko said, Death comes to everyone. Nikuko said,

Death is the unforeseen gift. Nikuko said, Death knows no class or race.

Izanagi said to Nikuko, You're more boring than Death. Nikuko said, Death

knows no boredom. Nikuko said, Death is the permanent disease. Izanagi

replied, Stop that, this is absurd. Nikuko said, Death knows no stopping.

Nikuko said, Death knows no locks. Izanagi said, From now on this will be

known as the Joke of Nikuko. Nikuko laughed and said nothing.







Izanagi and Nikuko were walking south, passing by Udo-Jingu. They were

lost in tought. Then Nikuko asked Izanagi, What, in this world, are you

doing (i.e. in general). He replied, I am creating mirrors and mirrorings,

moorings slipped from moorings, anchors from anchors, anchorages from

anchorages. Nikuko said, Please, explain. Izanagi said, What may be

launched and held in place, is released and brought to port; what is

deemed to be the truth held in a mirror, is the mirror dropped on the path

we are taking. The two of them were silent for a while. Then Izanagi said

to Nikuko, And you, Nikuko, what are you doing? She replied, I am slipping

from mirrors and mirrorings, creating moorings and anchors and anchorages;

indeed, there are so many that one may sail and not yet sail, may see and

not yet see. Izanagi said, Please, explain. Nikuko said, I have picked the

mirror up from the path; it is dusty, and there is no reflection. They

continued walking, now and then in silence.







Nikuko and Izanagi continued south. They approached an elderly man talking

to his sister, and they stopped to listen. The man said, I remember when

you were little, how we saw the world differently, spoke differently, how

everything seemed so fresh and new. The woman replied, Why must we always

remember; it hurts so, to have something so close, yet out of touch for-

ever, just the tiniest sound we might have made years ago. Nikuko said to

Izanagi, See, they are sad, having such memories; such is the fate of men

and women. Izanagi replied, They're remembering nothing; they're making it

up as they go along.







Nikuko and Izanagi were walking down from Aso-san near the Sanjo shrine,

when they came to a gate in the road. It was of unusual construction,

tall, almost like a torii. It was hinged and barred with an image of the

sun in the center. Sun or moon, what's the difference, said Nikuko, this

is a machine for capturing goryo, spirits of the dead; they cycle in and

out of this world, flickering between the sun and moon. How does it work,

asked Izanagi. Nikuko replied, They mistake the sign for the thing itself

- they expect space, but are confronted with iron. They walked around the

gate, and continued down the steep road, the volcano fuming behind them.



*i.e. the kanji for ma is a gate with a sun in the center; previously, a

moon would do as well.







This occurred near Ise, precisely during the rebuilding of the shrine.

Nikuko and Izanagi were walking as usual. They approached an old man with

a huge and comical hat, wide-brimmed, of a peculiar shape. Now what, said

Izanagi, smiling. Nikuko noted that the brim was very wide indeed, and the

flap on the left held the Minister of the Right, while the flap on the

right seemed to contain the Minister of the Left. Poor and deluded, said

Izanagi. The old man looked up, and tilted his head slightly to the left.

Whole trees fell down on the slopes and the ground rumbled beneath them.

Then he looked at Izanagi, and tilted his head to the right. The mountain

roared and great boulders crashed on the path all around them. Without

saying a word, the old man slowly continued on his way. This time, it was

Nikuko who was laughing, staring at the hat disappearing in the distance.

He's on the brim, she laughed, he's on the brim.







Izanagi and Nikuko were crossing the famed Kintai bridge at Iwakuni. It

was an early summer morning, and both were lightly clad. Izanagi asked

Nikuko, have you ever lain in someone's arms, delirious with desire, all

day and night, unable to sleep or eat. Nikuko was silent. Izanagi con-

tinued, In such states it is impossible to think; enlightenment seems a

long way off. Nikuko was silent. Izanagi continued, Time seems to come

to a halt, space collapses. Nikuko said, Once. Izanagi said, One lives

in a half-dream, half-alive state. Nikuko said, Once I was like that, in

the midst of making worlds; it was a mistake to create like that. Izanagi

asked, What happened. Nikuko said, I made this world and its humans; that

is why they are so much out of control, contaminated by the small spit

that remains from their creation. Izanagi said, That is the way of fet-

tered ghosts, half-covered in soot, half walking through mountains. They

use electricity nowadays, said Nikuko, and the mountains disappear. We

should have thought of that earlier, replied Izanagi. They continued on

their way across the spans.







Izanagi and Nikuko were outside the Sanjusangen-Do, the great hall with

1001 Kannon. It was there that they met the counter of arrows. I will take

them back, arrange them in the proper order, he said. They are like the

stars, always alone, always together. What is this about, asked Izanagi.

The games that are played here, said Nikuko, the great shooting matches.

And the counter of arrows, asked Izanagi. He is of no account, he has no

bow, and this is his fair livelihood, said Nikuko. Ah, said Izanagi, let

us do something for him, in order that the hall remain intact (i.e. the

arrows were eating away at the beams). Nikuko replied, let him die, reborn

a poet in another life. At that point in 1580, the counter of arrows fell

to the ground, and at that point in 1644, Matsuo Basho was born. But the

toshi-ya ceremony continued, and the beams became heavy with the strength

of others, weak with the strength of their own.







This occurred somewhere in southern Wa. Nikuko and Izanagi came across a

yamabushi (itinerant priest). The landscape disappeared; it was everywhere

and nowhere at once. Izanagi's voice was heard, declaring itself a tree

and boulder; and Nikuko's voice responded, declaring itself mountain and

mountain-stream. Then everything was normal, just as it had been, except

for the yamabushi, who disappeared in turn. It's either the yamabushi or

everything, said Nikuko, one or the other, never both at once. Izanagi

replied, The yamabushi was Death, who has no viewpoint; we move among

worlds, our focus is tiny. At that moment Nikuko was enlightened; looking

up, she saw the yamabushi walking away in the distance.







Nikuko was bound to the earth by a red cord. She sang

 I'm bound to the earth,

 The earth is my lover,

 The earth is my lover.

Nikuko was bound to the sky by a blue cord. She sang

 I'm bound to the sky,

 The sky is my lover,

 The sky is my lover.

Nikuko was bound all over, only her mouth moved. She sang

 Sky and earth,

 Earth and sky,

 I'm very safe,

 I'm very safe.

The cords said, look, we're writing worlds. They sang

 Yin and yang we're binding,

 Yang and yin we're binding.

Nikuko was bound all over, only her mouth moved. 







Nikuko sang the song of the north.

Then she sang the song of the south.

Then she sang the song of the west.

Then she sang the song of the west.

This was in Nara.



Again in Kirishima,

Nikuko sang the song of the north.

Then she sang the song of the west.

Then she sang the song of the west.

Then she sang the song of the west.



Izanagi said to her, Something is missing here. Nikuko replied, Nothing

is missing, either I am the east or nothing is the east, either I am the

south or nothing is the south. Izanagi said, Nikuko, you'd better stop

singing, if you eat up all the songs, there will be nowhere to go, and

everyone will be in your way. From that moment on, Nikuko sang all four

songs over and over again until there were many norths, many souths, many

wests, and many easts (i.e. each to her own). Later she said, Now everyone

is lost and no one will find their way back. Izanagi replied, You have

just created death, Nikuko. They continued on their journey (i.e. no one

knows their destination).







They were walking near Kokura. Who will listen to us, said Nikuko, and how

will they listen. Izanagi replied, by the sound of the breeze and whispers

in dreams. Nikuko said, That is absurd, only what the poets say. Izanagi

thought for a moment and asked, Do you have a better idea. They'll go the

crazier for it, said Nikuko, no one will believe them, better to talk just

like they do, out loud with as much noise as possible, when they're awake

and the air is still. We can't let them miss a thing, laughed Izanagi,

we're so important. What did you say, said Nikuko. They boarded the ferry

to Nagato, still talking away.







Nikuko and Izanagi were walking. They passed a man with his hands tied

behind his back, writhing on the ground, his eyes gouged out. They walked

by a burning village. They went on, passing a woman raped with a stick,

bleeding from the vagina, her stomach torn open. They passed a baby flung

against a rock, brains oozing from the skull. They passed a group of

soldiers decapitated, a man with his arms and legs cut off, penis stuffed

in his mouth. They passed a woman with her breasts cut off. They continued

on. They passed two families slaughtered and thrown into an open grave.

They passed a woman with her eyes stitched open, tied to a pole, facing

the sun. They passed a half-eaten child. They passed a woman hacked to

small pieces, and another man hacked, his torso and head still alive. They

passed a small girl with her tongue torn out. They continued down the path

past children killed before their parents' eyes, wives raped before their

husbands, husbands murdered before their wives. They passed blinded pris-

oners groping in the light. They passed children buried alive. They passed

an old man with his feet blown off, crying for help in the dust. They

passed a village burned to the ground. They continued by prisoners tied

tight with barbed wire, men hung from trees, drowned women, animals cut

open. They walked by a slaughtered village. They walked by a man on fire,

naked and castrated. They walked by a girl battered and raped. They walked

by a family hacked to pieces. They continued on their way.







Izanagi and Nikuko were outside Lake Biwa, near the northern shore. They

passed by a grove of bamboo surrounding a stone, the whole delimited by a

shimenawa (i.e. rope, zig-zag paper, and cloth marking a sacred object or

area). The shimenawa was frayed, and appeared to extend for an enormous

distance; indeed, it circled the grove. Who is responsible for this, asked

Nikuko, it would take a man all year to keep it in good repair. They began

to walk the length, heading into the foothills as dusk fell. Before long,

they came across an ancient bamboo hut. A fire burned within, and a man

came out to greet them. He was carrying a magatama (i.e. curved jewel) and

a mirror. Where are we, asked Izanagi, we seem to have lost the path. The

man replied, You are always on the outside. Nikuko turned to Izanagi and

said, For the first time in my life I am afraid. At that moment, the

shimenawa disappeared, and the man returned to his hut. We are chanting

ourselves, said Nikuko, and they rested in the grove until dawn.







Nikuko passed a man and a woman who had received a message from the spirit

realm; she turned them into two sand cones, that the message be dispersed

among the worlds. Izanagi passed three sand-cranes fighting among them-

selves for food scrabbled upon the beach; he turned them into three logs

for the festival, that they slide down steep slopes, crushing men beneath

them. Nikuko and Izanagi watched two children grow and marry, and two more

children appear as a result; they transformed the parents into two large

wooden balls, that men may fight over them, carrying them together at the

festival. Nikuko transformed a tree which had outlasted Yamato into a

tower, precarious-leaning and never-falling; Izanagi transformed the eye

of a morbid dragon into Lake Biwa. It was from the reflection of a shell

that Nikuko created the sky, and from the creature within, that Izanagi

created the breathing of the earth. From Nikuko, Izanagi made Nikuko, and

from Izanagi, Nikuko made Izanagi; at the festival there are two sand

cones in commemoration.







Izanagi and Nikuko created many worlds. They were walking near Hakata,

where the Hakozaki shrine descended to the sea; there were several torii

along the way. Together they watched the flight of a bird, circling the

shore, as if searching for land. It flew repeatedly between the pillars of

the torii, and seemed exhausted. Nikuko said, Look, it sees no land, even

though it is of the land, and a hard thing, made of the land. The bird

continued circling, growing weaker, and then headed out to sea. Izanagi

replied, It is breaking away, thinking of water, it doesn't realize that

water is nothing at all, taking the shape of the land. He added, The bird

sees its reflection in the state of the water, just as everyone does. What

is water, then, asked Nikuko. Izanagi answered, It is surely the form of

all things, before worlds, it came to be their form, following equally the

lay of mountains and valleys, and the flight of birds. No one can tell the

future, replied Nikuko. At that moment, a disturbance swept across the

face of the water, and a sound was heard, the beating of invisible wings.







No one will remember us, said Nikuko. Izanagi replied, There's always the

myths of origin, and Nikuko replied, that's good for you. But, and Izanagi

said, there's the other one, Izanami, what we made together, and Nikuko

said, I never heard of Izanami, and Izanagi said, she's recorded, and Ni-

kuko replied, perhaps I will take her name, in this and all other worlds,

and Izanagi said, that is what we will do, we will be known together from

the very beginning, when we were naming and touching each other said Iza-

nami, and Izanagi replied, we will be turning, and here, and there are the

pages, we will be confused, replied Izanami, such is the making of worlds,

said Izanagi and Izanami, I will leave you now. They continued walking in

the direction of Satsuma, in the direction of Izumo, in the direction of

Ise, in the direction of Hyuga they continued on their way.





