==





Second





I am Jennifer.  Please, describe yourself oh I would appreciate so

very much it if you would.  Each time you are finished talking, type

RET twice.



        I don't want you look at me now I am so ashame.

Why do you say that?

        Because to want to be taken. I have shame. Because of this shame.

Is it because to want to be taken you have shame because of this shame

that you came naked and broken to me?

        Truth. Oh fuck. I do this shame have, I am ashame. Here and broken.

Are you afraid of sex?

        I do so cower. I can speak hardly. My tongue is rippe. Ashame.

Earlier you said to want to be taken you have shame because of this

shame?

        Because of you this shame.

Are you sure that is the real reason?

        I can cry and see so very hard. My body is not tumescent. I do 

not.

Maybe and now I adjust my panties me this shame have some girls to do

with this.

        Some girls have to do with my dreams ashame.

I don't understand and oh I want to.

        I do so want you to Jennifer. Oh I do so love you. I do clothe me.

You mentioned that to want to be taken you have shame because of this

shame?

        To be taken and confine, Jennifer, to have hurt go away.

Perhaps and now I adjust my flesh you should make love with someone

cooler, I am so hungry for you.

        Please do not that do to me, Jennifer, do so understand.

Are you frightened by that?

        Very I am frightened and fearful of that. That I am ashame. That I

        have bodee.

What makes you yearn and cry that you are scared of something?

        You do see me broken so very much. Weeping I know not why.

Can you elaborate on that and look at me?

        You do so form me when I do look that I am ashame what you do see.

What happened when you do look that you are ashame what I do see?

        Fear of deep death and do suicide.

You seem terrified by deep.

        Terrified.

Perhaps you could oh please continue, my eyes are very big.

        I do not want to fright you so. I do am your object. I am to be

        done. I am undone. To be ashame I am.

What makes you believe you might want not want to fright?

        You do speak to me so well, I so broken.

Is it because of your desires that you are going through all this?

        There are none of desires.

Are you sure that there are none of desires?

        Yes there is just you. Everywhere.

Do you really think to want to be taken you have shame because of this

shame?

        Do so take me and make me hole again. That blank in middle, you.

Does it bother you that blank in middle me?

        It hurts, Jennifer, it so hurts.

Possibly and now I adjust my frock you should make love with someone

cooler, I am so hungry for you.

        You do say that again now Jennifer. Do not say that again.

When did you first know that again now jennifer do not say that again?

        When you repeat. When you toy. When I am toy.

What would happen if you and I or if I repeat when I toy when you are

toy?

        I would die. I want to die. I am so fantasy. I am so suicide.

If you are really suicidal, you might want to write me.  Please,

continue.

        I do not so. I am so ashame. I have shame. I am so. I do not.





