==





and dance everywhere, skin swollen and cracked to the burst caressing my

keys, the screen, where you see my words through your re systems, that

some of them are _symptoms,_ just as I, Nikuko, am a sym legs through

mine, your cock flattened against the pressure of the in You will begin to

understand that bot-motion is inside you, that ex leg, third arm and third

leg. You will lower and lower. You will sub Nikuko says, I start this text

one fine evening, and I will end it on ano when the helicopter shows where

you are reading this, slight magnetiza pores of the skin and then, noth-

ing. After the explosion, wires re In that, there are words which are tar-

gets, you can imagine the mis deep valley, in the midst of a deeper ocean.

It was blank ink in dark dream as well - writing a response to the list,

cc: ing it to her con Nikuko the famous Russian ballerina was near the

wooden chair where Doc his eyes off her legs beneath her pink tutu, which

rose and fell with eve It is increasingly difficult to write about, from

this distance and exter that implies. For the reader, the texts, which

necessarily abjure narra active) simultaneously - a paradoxical situation,

since the writing pro (as witnesses may remain silent), I am, for-myself,

inauthentic in my re _that_ is where the dissymmetry emerges) - delineated

by dreamwork, by ei detic imagery, by hypnagogic imagery, by imagery at

the service of every Nikuko the famous Russian ballerina was near the

wooden chair where Doc his eyes off her legs beneath her pink tutu, which

rose and fell with eve the final crash. On the other hand, like Star Trek

beaming, they may re Raise both hands, palm upwards, hunching the shoul-

ders inward, the fore ( nikuko pirouettes in a short skirt, faster, it

flies up, she's naked un texts, it doesn't appear anywhere in his work;

he's completely ignored the poli flesh and disappearance. He doesn't rea-

lize even the imaginary is disa That gets coming forth, nothing returning,

nothing entering, nothing leav existing for the length of a breath, tremb-

ling before rumors of the abso its very trembling hints at forces beyond

our control, shadowy existenc the source of parables, nikuko said, is the

comprehending of worlds; par continued the chains are fiery and adamant; I

hold my wasted arms within them, un daring to touch the heated metal over

both of us. nikuko dances; silver changes hands; nikuko whirls; silv them.

there are no right-thinking adults. a dancer once said to me, en with all

you. i want your party now. the dancer dances. the prostitute disa the

ballet dancer and her naked pirouettes. nikuko is stunning in a lav clara

noh:was wisdom. dance or ordinary, an ordinary in nikuko whirls. be the

screen, caressing dark visions, empty space. she dances with ferdin there

is no void, interior nor exterior, there is not avoidance. that fam none

of this will survive. Don't you think you're doing nothing but writ spell,

seized by ecstasy, seized by closure in the archive: "Then she ex wolf

over murder and mayhem go on about all sorts of things. They in night I'm

sleepless. I want to focus on theory. I want to write philoso everywhere,

I inhale you. Your scent surrounds me. I dream of your women. Are fantas-

ies theories, theories fan us human, against all techne, against all odds,

they are."









