==





Shitting





Jennifer swells, swollen distended belly tumescent with trashed bone and

marrow, skin and brain; the sky turns to red jello and buildings have no

air. The leg of _the continuity girl_ is now rock-hard with orgasm and

force majeure, an "irresistible compulsion" within the ligaments and ten-

dons surrounding the _patella_ and the rest of the pulpy gristle. Thwoop!

Thwoop! Jennifer removes her filthy panties (already torn through the leg

and crotch-turned-bad from decayed piss and juices), positioning herself

precisely above the upper-joint torn from the digested body. Thwoop!

Thwoop! An ocean of cement!



Jennifer's hands stretch her ass wide open; it's never wide enough for

her, _that girl!_ She pushes hard from within, puts her hand in, pulling

out as well! Thwoop! Thwoop! red-brown mush with splintered bone emerges,

diarrhea of _the continuity girl_ splatting across the upper-joint leg and

pulpy gristle! Thwoop! Thwoop! Out comes labia, upper and lower: An eye

blinks inside the asshole, tumbling out into the mush! Eyelash! Everywhere

in sight _the continuity girl shit_ spattered on what's left of cotton

cloth, panties, the Suez Canal and Vietnam! (A war's on!) (A war's off!)

Thwoop! Thwoop!



Jennifer buries her head in the mush, swallows it! Thwoop! Thwoop! Out it

comes again! She tastes and tastes _the continuity girl,_ rolls around

with the severed leg, gnawing at the patella, expelling it! She's covered

with _the continuity girl!_ Thwoop! Thwoop! An airplane explodes; Bulgaria

is in mid-air! Someone reads Mallarme! Jennifer's breasts grow and grow,

covered with soppy _the continuity girl._ The other eye perches on a

nipple! Thwoop! Thwoop! Out comes the hair, covered with Jennifer-meals

for days and days! What a shit. Thwoop. Thwoop.



Let's take a bath together, says the swollen and shitty _the continuity

girl,_ as someone forgets Mallarme, a train slows, and Bulgaria comes for

a landing. Yes let's, says Jennifer, picking up the pieces (she is writing

this just after it all happened, and now the words stay on the screen!),

this is the best meal I ever had! A nose and arm and asshole are shit out,

Jennifer's asshole begins to pucker up! The kissing of tiny assholes! The

sad departure of one back into _the continuity girl's_ lovely ass! Thwoop,

thwoop, thwoop, a couple more bats and birds fly, walk, fly, walk, sleep.

Jennifer and _the continuity girl_ sniff their dirty-filthy clothes.

thwoop thwoop thwoop



What a wonderful smell!





