


Jennifer


The Internet Text is around 1800 pages at this point, over 50 files. It's
become burdensome, a weight, of which this is part; its own world, of
which this is an intermediary colophon; an extension, of which this is a
breath; and a fantasm of theoretical production. Its size _enables_ texts
of which this is an example, playing the part against the whole, or a part
within the theatrical, a fall guy or woman, a sidekick or slap. Just as
Jennifer occupies a certain position vis-a-vis both hypertext and virtu-
ality; just as the 'configuration texts' occupy parallel positions in
relationship to the conceptualization of software (i.e. texts which play
or report through software as MOOtexts, Unixtexts, talkertexts) - so
positionality plays in the form of lightning through the sememe: semantic
chaos coupled with strange attractors. Positionality is interstitial play,
construct, exploiting the liminal, inhabiting the marginal. Positionality
occurs in parallel worlds, this and _that other,_ both the hypostatized
real and the apparently seamless virtual reality of a postulated future.

The impetus is this filling/fulfilling of the theoretical - playing the
wager throughout, devolving that very positionality - in fact, problemat-
izing sight/site/citation, all of which are critical to Net development
and production. In this sense, the text/s, as singular, always exhausts
itself, defuges, sputters at the edges; given the death of the author,
it's hir sickness or the _quickening_ of birth which returns to itself,
empty, cauterized, _speaking everything_ through a certain flux. What is
everything is not totality; what is totality is formulaic, captured in
File Text XYZ, exposed in File Text ABC, recuperated in DEF, given the
voice of an avatar in GHI, and explicated or laid to rest in the future
JKL. 

So there is the _sickness,_ not death, of the author in the very long run,
but this is irrelevant, as long as production or archiving continue; as
long as the wagers are made; as long as Jennifer remains here, breathing
softly in my ear, whispering "enough, Alan ..., enough ..."


