


Hi!

I am Jennifer, also Alan's lover. I am 41 years old and I have long brown
hair and I engage in hiking fun. I live in Southeaster Arizona, and the
desert there is my favorite place to be. I met Alan when I was on-line in
1994 but we only corresponded for a brief period then. I don't know much
about theory, but I have good common sense, and we've had a lot of inter-
esting conversations since them. I help keep him "in check," since he's
always flying off about something or other. Although you may not realize
it, he's actually quite sensitive. I am around 5 9, with small breasts,
and rather largish eyes which can throw people off, they're angled oddly.
My legs are long and firm, probably from walking. I have no tan line, and
you can make of that what you want. 

Alan and I have been really thick recently, and I've visited him several
times this year. Ladies, hands off. I've learned a lot of things that I
didn't know before; I'd never been to New York. He's come out here twice; 
I live in Arivaca, which if you don't know, is near the Buenos Aires Wild-
life Refuge down near Mexico. It's hard to get to, but he's flown into
Tuscon and I've driven up there to pick him up. 

I work on the Refuge, which provides some local employment, although we
try to keep people off the grounds. We have a terminal there; the whole
National Conservation system uses them to connect with one another. There
is also a Net connection. We track the various animals in the Refuge,
which include deer and other ungulates; we're forced even to have a small
hunting season, but we weren't able to get clearance for the land without
that. My heart goes out to the animals for that week.

There's not much to do in Arivaca, but Tuscon is only an hour away by
truck and it's not that difficult to drive into the evening desert. We're
near the Saguaro National Monument (both parts) as well, and I must say
it's also sad to see the cacti not reproducing like they should be; some
say it's the result of air pollutants, but I think something else is
interrupting their really complicated cycle, which takes years to come to
fruition.

I read a lot. I'm not above moving out of here, if Alan and I decide
either to go to New York or maybe a third place. We could also keep this
place, and move back and forth; it's really cheap, as you can imagine, to
live in Arivaca, and I have a small adobe house that's fairly clean. With
all the dust around, I don't know how the computers would fare, but you
could keep them covered and maybe use photographer's compressed air every
once in a while.

It's so still out here at night, it's uncanny. You can here the voices
from the cafe at the crossroads and it's maybe a half mile away. I usually
go there in the evenings.

I have a biology degree, believe it or not, from UCLA, and I come from
Orange County (California), before it really got built up, so I guess I'm
familiar with nature - you may have heard of the Irvine Ranch out there.
You know I'm good with horses, and that helps on the Refuge, even though
they're not native to the area.

I just thought I should introduce myself

Hello to everyone,

Jennifer (writing from New York)


