



/burnout and Opal/


embellished in slashes because it's periodic, a recurrence of the thicken-
ing of virtuality into soup or mush, real-life escaped air, addiction down
the road. I'm burned out on the lists at the moment - their interiors tend
to reconfigure in familiar patterns - the letters still occupy their pos-
itions one after another on the screen - partaking of sufficient spectral
contrast - different nanometer ranges - the eyes lures them in, or the ear
in some cases - lots of filter processing, neural networking - finally it
emerges - _the ear,_ _the Net_ - as if the Net were _paint,_ I a _painter_
- this relationship garnered towards a _unique substance_...

_the life_ remains greyed out, hysteric phonecalls, incandescent body-
writhes, the air here gets damp at night, storms coming in - far too fam-
iliar, this weather - for no pay bitterness, shoving the letter where it
ought to be - and then over 120 megabytes on Cybermind, not to mention
Fop-l, Image, E-conf - did we say all that worthwhile, bond together that
much, rolled through thick and thin over hackers festooned with Wired
covers, dawn of the new millennium - have we done anything _tending_ the
millennium? (what could that possibly mean?) - two and a half years of
_tending-towards_ -

_everything_ needing tending - the computer, RAM, interfaces, upgrading,
operating systems, administrations, MOOs, site-bans, security-measures,
home-pages - substance rolls out of the screen - _implodes_ in real life -
archives jumbling among the cyber-waves - it's a vacuum in here [goes out-
side for a second can't breathe] - comes back in - can't breathe -

/me feels he's losing it             \
:feels he's losing it                  \   depending on
; feels he's losing it                 /   the application -
.emote feels he's losing it          /

Cybermind alone has over 60,000 pages - late-night sweats, hallucinations
- just along for the ride - want to walk into a wall of flesh - or at
least out of a doorway that's not made of iron-bars-downstairs-432-Dean-
Street-Brooklyn-NY-USA-11217 - my breasts have turned to jelly - there's
wires in them - radio-squeeze nipple-play - crying this morning and in
such a form could have shorted out keys m-y keys i keys e-y-e - note the
_case_ - capital punishment -

send your pictures your skin to the address above - debris, incunabula of
a proffered age -

"Tonight so we did go, and too with us was Elizabeth Barrett Browning. 
When we were come near unto the hospital, I went aside for Thomas Chat-
terton Jupiter Zeus. In the cathedral, the wind and the trees sang a ves-
per song. And I prayed for quite a long time, little prayers and long
prayers for the goodness of us all. Peter Paul Rubens did grunt Amen at
in-between times.

"Now I hear the mamma say, 'I wonder where Opal is.' She has forgets. I'm
still under the bed where she did put me, quite a time ago. And all this
nice long time, light is come to here from the lamp on the kitchen table -
light enough so I can print prints. I am happy. I think I better crawl out
now, and go into the bed for sleeps."

( The Singing Creek Where the Willows Grow, The Mystical Nature Diary of
Opal Whitely, with biography and afterword by Benjamin Hoff. I do most
strongly recommend this book, which is as near to a miracle of writing as
I have seen. )


