

Depression and Cyberspace


(I admit immediately to the bias and half-truths here. I admit totally to
its emptiness. I admit everything.*)

Waking up this morning, again close to tears, a numb weight upon me. I had
to check the terminal first; the black background was a pool seeping into
the woodwork of the loft, and the letters barely held their own - as if
something were trying to be said. More and more I am acutely aware of the
blankness of the screen, its impenetrability; all my close relationships
_through_ it have been at physical distances of at least five hundred
miles. These distances _do_ matter; they're both safe and dangerous. Be-
cause of them, I can't make sense of the words. The words dissolve, turn
into unrecognizable shapes, stop the speech they represent.

I know I'm in a deep depression because of the envelope. I received some
mail today asking me to resubscribe to a narratology journal and I threw
the envelope in a trash can and suddenly I felt for the envelope and its
miserable life, its _carriage_ which lasted at best a day or two; every-
thing began murmuring about discard and this time tears did come. It's a
symptom - projection and collapse lending themselves to misrecognition at
the beck and call of the _thing_ dragging the soul down, dismembering the
flesh on the way.

Cyberspace is filled with depressives; look at alt.bitterness, alt.angst,
all the medical/psychological groups. The miserable Research email list
has turned into academic psychologists' pride and joy, with every other
post detailing another on-line therapy or ethical issue. And there are
serious depressives on every email list I'm on. I think the Web might be
an exception; people are using it more and more as an art orgasm or im-
pulse buying catalog, and the Websters I know are more outgoing and upbeat
than their darknet hacker counterparts.

The depression stems from within the mind, thwarted, impossibly reconfig-
ured. It leads to suicide, dysfunction. I don't think cyberspace helps
much, and can in fact be part of the problem. All the self-help groups,
therapy email lists, fun stuff to do, occurs in the domain of a violent
self-negation of the body; even Net sex with its accompanying hysterical
embodiment reduces to the null state after orgasm - the screen again re-
asserts itself, one is left in the cold, the voice at the other end of the
line, the text on the terminal - go dead.

It's not for nothing that the computer is called a terminal, that we use
terminals on the Internet. Because these are the _endpoints_ - one can't
go any farther. They're the blunt sensory input and output nubs of the
hole. The gap between them and the user is irreducible. 

Think again of the blackness seeping from the text, filling the crevices
of the room, filling my holes, my crack, my mouth (for depression also has
a sadistic sexual component), spreading the joyless body into immobility.
The projections, introjections, fantasies - the uncanny, the imaginary -
inchoate - all of these motilities intersect in coagulations of part-ob-
jects, fragments, narrative bits and pieces, images awash in their own
dissolution. They're in the mind. They're wetware artifacts.

_For nothing can change the epistemological status of the screen_ which
remains _precisely_ situated in relation to the user. Even virtual reality
exists within a limited epistemology. The farther the user reaches, the
greater the terminal flatness, which remains in dialectic with the user's
narcissism. Sooner or later there is a collapse; "smart users" sense the
fissures immediately, tell-tale signs that the other is not Other but gen-
erated text, images, constructs - easily deleted, morphed, transformed,
digested.

This is related to the _speed_ of cyberspace relationships - a velocity-
function which has often been noted. (Where's Virilio when we actually do
need him?) One penetrates immediately to the _heart of the matter,_ but it
is the beat of one's own heart; the text - every text, my text, _drools_
with needs, desires. 

I wonder in this regard if my experience of the five hundred mile radius
is unique - if in fact it's not _safer_ to project over larger distances,
form relationships where meetings require considerable planning and ex-
pense. Because things nearer are riskier, just like the voice on the other
end of the phone is riskier than neutral-density typing where one appears
to be giving everything away, and is in fact giving nothing.

It's the _privacy_ of depression also that is driving this account - cry-
ing over an envelope, for example, is something one wouldn't do in front
of anyone. In fact, _presence_ itself, care, might obviate the act alto-
gether; depression feeds on solitude, strengthens itself with the feeling
that it is, after all, a comfortable state of absolute annihilation where
things couldn't get any worse - where the body is paste, substance, thing,
for no one at all. And from _this_ state, depression is ready to go out
and face the world; the chemicals have changed in the body, things are al-
ready churning rapidly downhill.

In cyberspace, though, public and private are one - in issues ranging from
virtual subjectivity to intellectual property. Or if not one, at least un-
der contestation; interior and exterior are fuzzy, clouded. So depression
can grow here in the midst of community; it can call for deliberate misun-
derstandings and flames (look at the alt. groups again); it can grow here
as a result of the inertness of the terminal; it depends on the fact that
the terminal is just that - _the end._ (It can grow because it can look at
itself _as if there were an other,_ recognizing the bleakness of the space
it's in - that there's nothing other than this bleakness in fact.)

It takes all I can do to type this. There is little relief at the end of
the road. Elsewhere in the Internet Text, I've talked about neurosis and
psychosis and their relationships as well, to cyberspace and things CMC. 
For _this_ realm, all of these internal states - these states that are
not, perhaps, primarily chemical in their instantiation - intermingle,
lose their (somewhat) categorical status. They become fuzzy; they are
headed off by the fierceness of projections, confusions, Net sex and vir-
tuality itself. 

I recognize by the way that I am, like a good schizophrenic, filling the
void here. I recognize that I have no conclusions, that the explanation is
overly simplistic, coming up against that same wall, that gap that refuses
liminality, the distance, _physical distance_ between the user and the
screen. But I also claim that this is literally obdurate, a primitive,
just as membership (and this is non-membership) is a primitive in naive
set theory. It is a primitive like pure heroin with no cut or lace; it
feels so good but it is killer and depressive, and molds your life into
something unrecognizable, and you watch yourself going down and all about
it, and may enjoy it in the under-taking.

(*That this is one part of the story. That there is more to it. That I
would be depressed anyway. That this is throwing out the road for the cart
and the cart for the horse. That this just isn't true. That I will be any-
thing you want me to be. That anytime.**)

(**That this is a dream of you. That this is your dream. That I will con-
tinue to dream. That you, I, construct the dream. That it is a construct.
That it is the space of misrecognition. That our eyes and ears are sewn
shut. That our holes are sewn shut too.)

