


Property and Questions Simple on the Surface -


Property as verb, not as noun: 

"Property is the individual's recognized right to dispose over a partic-
ular object. Like other rights, the right called property involves more
than a relation between a person and a thing. It involves a relation be-
tween the proprietor and other individuals who, through the former's
prerogative, are excluded from disposing over the object in question.

"The relation also involves the representatives of government, who, on the
one hand, share the restrictions placed on the private non-proprietors
and, on the other, are concerned with maintaining the existing property
relations. Thus in addition to being a legal and social institution, pro-
perty is a political phenomenon.

"Strong property develops in a societal order which is so balanced that
the holders of property can dispose over 'their' objects with a maximum of
freedom. Weak property develops in a societal order that is not so balan-
ced."  [...]

"The concepts of mobile and immobile property present obvious difficul-
ties, but they have great advantages for our inquiry." 

Quoted from Karl Wittfogel's Oriental Despotism, A Comparative Study of
Total Power, these passages lend themselves to a series of questions:

What constitutes disposal of property in cyberspace? What, in fact, con-
stitutes property _here?_ Is all such property, intellectual property?
Is all property in cyberspace mobile? Modular?

Is all property in cyberspace _an act,_ resulting in a _file_ subject to
further acts, by either the proprietor, or those permitted by the pro-
prietor? (This would constitute the _setting of permissions of a file,_
such as chmod - necessary even for Web pages.) 

_Is a file an act?_

(Note: Is a file in fact a _negotiation_ with access and interface? The
ontology of information remains inordinately problematic, as the diamat
Soviet philosophers discovered, having to resort to a reflection theory
that conjured up various idealities. Further, if files is assigned, and
the chmod/chown commands imply that, are files always _intellectual?_
Finally, it should be noted that even, say, MOO identity, is retained in a
player's log somewhere; the right-to-a-name, its properness and propriety,
could be considered property as well.)

Finally: Is there anything in cyberspace _that is not property_ in one or
another form - in fact, _that is not intellectual property,_ or an _act?_


