



Hacking Breakdown


The recent hack into the Panix ISP consisted of a flood of spoofed email
addresses sent to the server; requests for acknowledgement were never re-
turned. This attack is similar to flooding a telephone switchboard, or
blocking the doors to an office; its illegality is questionable, since
nothing was internally violated - i.e. private property was never in ques-
tion. The use of spoofed addresses may constitute a form of counterfeit-
ing, however.

This is _external,_ against the doors or firewalls of an ISP. An _inter-
nal_ attack is potentially more serious; the office-space is broken into,
files examined, taken, redistributed. The break-in can occur from within
or without; in any case, it's a violation against the person, given pro-
perty rights. 

Viruses and worms are other forms of internal hacking; they don't nece-
ssarily corrupt or examine particular files, but flood, take over the
controls. In this sense, they're somewhat external - they're not stealing
data, but prohibiting its access. But they're also internal, since they're
doing it within other files or portions of the machines under attack.

On the other hand, there are viruses that rewrite files, disks, overrun
everything; these are destructive of intellectual property, and a viola-
tion against the person. (See Fah-Chun Cheong, Internet Agents - Spiders,
Wanderers, Brokers, and Bots.) 

Another internal hack rewrites software towards self-destruct; fork-bombs
on MOOs are an example of this, as are, perhaps, the old ASCII-bombs in
email (now disabled).

A third form of hacking is borderline, and occurs _within_ software, with-
out damaging it. I would put Wizard snooping and IRC flooding here. This
form quickly takes on game-like aspects at times; on IRC, users throw one
another off channels. (See volt.irc or venom.irc software.)

A fourth form of hacking attacks the physical Net itself, tapping into
phone and fiber optic cables, parasitically latching onto microwave tran-
smissions, etc. And other forms would be further and further withdrawn
from the intricacies of the Net itself, working on the configurations of
telecommunications as a whole.

This taxonomy, such as it is, could be extended in any number of direc-
tions; any help would be appreciated.


