



Drives: What Happened and Nature


The C: drive was on the original drive; D: and E: were placed on the sec-
ond physical drive. F: and G: were added later for interlink and an I: 
drive was used for a portable CD-ROM. A new drive was added, and the C: 
drive was moved to it. The original C: drive was then erased. The D: and
E: drives were added on the new C: drive as subsets and the second phys-
ical drive was reformatted and named the D: drive. The D: drive from the
C: drive was placed back on the new D: drive. The original C: drive was
now renamed the E: drive and reformatted and the E: drive on the new C:
drive was placed back on the new E: drive. The CD-ROM was placed on the X: 
drive. The F: drive and G: drive were left as is and through my objections
the CD-ROM was placed on the I: drive after the portable CD-ROM drive was
erased from the I: drive. Finally the original A: drive was moved to the
new machine as the A: drive. Drive management was removed.

In CMC-space where no one knows your name, your drives can be driven. The
C: drive is the ur-drive; it is the source of all things, relying on the
quiet floppy A: boot disk if all else fails. The frailty of the floppy is
the final arbiter; there is nothing beyond it except for the free-wheeling
style of the hacker reconfiguring as you go. The hacker _has_ the informa-
tion. But the information can be anywhere, looping through the boot files,
organizing the machine. Computer memory is passive; it can be written and
rewritten, but exists as orderly and specifiable connections, very unlike
the mind (in spite of the fact that excitation of specific areas of the
cortex will call up specific memories). Machine memory is also modular and
removable; it travels exactly from computer to computer, as in some dreams
of humanity's future. It flows and floods; being passive, however, it has
no thought, no operations. It is done-to. It controls the doing, but it is
nonetheless done-to. It feeds into and out of the machine; the two are
symbiotic. Nothing runs unless it runs into and out of a world; the do the
slow dance of chora and control.

Nothing runs unless it runs in and out a world.


