


Jennifer


This would be a new dream. There was a quiz contest and it was like
Jeopardy and there was a dark-haired woman answering the question. And
the question was something she couldn't answer. But it was a charity and
she was given the answer anyway and she lay down on the floor and she
stood up and that was the end of the question-and-answer period.

But it was the in-between moment, the moment she got up, and tried to say
something to the moderator or the host or the master of ceremonies, as if
to say, like me; and he indicated to her, or replied, or whispered, that
she was asking too much. She had a pale face and was in her late thirties
and had beautiful long straight black hair. She walked in a black dress in
front of him and to the right.

That was the end of it, the stage, the audience, the bright lights, the
failure, the inability to be liked, the reward, the lying down, the
standing up. She had very red lips and black eyebrows. 

And when I woke I _knew_ this had to do with things cyberspatial, that
there was a computer at the heart of it, but where exactly was unclear. So
the computer could be placed at the heart of the question, or the answer; 
or the computer could be the moderator, or the woman herself; or within
the audience or the lighting system which made the stage so very luminous
almost glowing with the brilliance of board and steel, glittery nights
remembered until and throughout the waking hours. The computer was not
with the woman with the black hair and eyebrows and very red lips and very
pale skin.

And the terminal was there as the murmur of the world (Lingis) was there,
and present and neither in the background nor foreground, but somehow
aligned with the mechanism or the membrane which contained the whole. But
the machine itself was not there. And I do not know where the machine was,
but it was not within me doing the dreaming (Sartre) but somewhere was.
Nor was it a woman or with a woman or a possession of or by the woman.

And it was lovely, but with that nagging feeling when to be liked is too
much, and one must go on and accept the responsibility of being not so
well liked, even disliked, and that is a condition of being. It is a con-
dition of being that brings the dreams about in the first place, the
dreams of discomfort and ennui, the dreams of dark turnings. Almost never
is there light on the stage, so the light on the stage is, in its way, a
comfort. Between comfort and discomfort, there is only further exhaustion.
The woman wakes up somewhere else. She has won the prize. She is very dis-
liked.

Everyone always thinks everyone always is so modern and a prize.

