


Dawkins


If one can talk about genetic determinism and competition, an intension
into Darwinian depths, then one can also consider - instead of this to-
tality - the problem of a _bad gene._ Consider a genetic mutation detri--
mental to the survival of an organism - for example, a cancer-producing
artifact in the DNA. The competition then becomes internal, among the
genetic population; the body harbors the war, and either reproduces or not
(death is irrelevant after reproduction).

Now consider, instead of this mutation, an _external agent,_ which may or
may not be viral, bacterial, or otherwise environmental (physical or men-
tal stressing of an organism). Then the competition occurs between the
genetically-driven organism, and that part of the organism which has been
modified. The warfare has epistemologically crossed the genetic boundary. 

I would argue that, beyond the physiological and neurophysiological, in-
terpenetrating them, there are cultural/superstructural forces at work.
And that these forces, taking off from negation against a purified repro-
ducibility (i.e. sleeping with the first heterosexual partner on hand),
create not only detours, but autonomous detours. The genetic disposition,
driving the organism, is one of a number of partial-drives, the others
countenanced by factors on other levels, and intersecting.

The ontological status of "factors" is what's in question. I don't believe
they're reducible to genetic productions, since they interact with the
real in ways that are still problematic. For example, mathematics has a
clear but complex relationship to particle physics, whether or not _our_
mathematics could be crudely described as a (genetic) attempt to find a
grounds/nesting-place for our existence _here_ is a space-time we have
hardly designed. 

On the other hand, the genetic disposition is transcendent and determines,
I believe, large-scale aspects of socio-cultural behavior all the way up
and down. It's simply not the totality - which is composed of at least
three elements altogether - a genetic determinism; a "matrix" of physical
reality; and all other superstructural (socio-cultural/environmental)
components (this can be extended in all sorts of directions). 

I think of Dawkins' theory, as best I understand, as a form of modernist
reduction - the same applies to memes, to the extent that, beyond obvious
examples (i.e. Mickey Mouse), it gets increasingly difficult to isolate
either an idea or concept - or what constitutes them. If memetics is to be
preserved as reasonably accurate description of the mental universe, it
would have to be combined with a _fluid mechanics_ vis-a-vis Irigaray's
description (in terms of the feminine). As it is, the meme seems related
to the monad - oddly inert.

I recognize the above arguments are full of holes, but where? Is Dawkins
operating in a biological-mechanistic vacuum? At first I believed impli-
citly in his theory; now, it seems extremely limited. 


