


1. Dominant/Passive Sex Performance: Does the gender of the person
practicing voyeurism affect his or her stereotypical dominant or passive
role? Is reversing the power of the gaze possible.

In CMC, there is, within the boundaries of consensual activity, an empow-
erment of both sexes to enact/re-enact any and every position.

Voyeur = "person practicing voyeurism"


2. Voyeurism and Perversion/Pleasure Syndrome: Does taboo bind perversion
and pleasure together? How does the 'primal scene' establish our perspec-
tive?

There need not always be a primal scene. If one considers _text_ as the
taboo of the physical, then there is an hysteric embodiment, reading-
through, that results in a _wryting_ the body, always constitution/re-
constitution. The trajectory of increasing-physical: exchange leading to
actual, not virtual meetings.


3. Voyeurism on the Internet: Is viewing explicit sexual material on the
Internet voyeurism, since the Internet is considered public space? Con-
versely, is the Internet the tool by which our Big Brother will watch our
most intimate transactions?

a. Darknet not public space.
b. Other spaces not public space.
c. Huge amounts of available material isn't the same as exhibitionism/ 
   voyeurism:
     Public:
	i Theaters on MOOs and in IRC or talkers
	ii Use of public reflectors in CuSeeMe
	iii Exchange of stories etc. in newsgroups
     Private:
	i Ytalk
	ii Private rooms, whisper, page, in MOOs, talkers, etc.
	iii /msg or dcc on IRC
	iv Private reflectors, Iphone, etc.

d. Quality of sex and transgression:
	Playing with perversion
	Pushing the other or being pushed to the limit
         (Breaking down of marriages; first orgasm, cyberorgasm, etc.)	

e. Two points:
    i Voyeurism and exhibitionism are not polar opposites or inversions.
    ii Voyeurism involves an opening/illicit, spying, etc.
     A. This may occur through hacking/snooping, but it's rare.
     B. Becoming-other, taking over someone else's account

f. Big Brother (note the gender here), no; self-policing yes.


