=

I pay no attention to theology; inerrancy or core belief is already dead 
in relation to its imperviousness. Think of god or spirit as token; as 
ulterior, in-evident, there is little to say about them, except of course 
for what might be enacted in their name.

Theory is no longer at an impasse; theory - in the sense, in any sense, of 
speaking the world, is already lost. It's lost in technology, in the 
concrete, which it misplaces and misinterprets - how can one speak of 
codework without understanding code, speak of epistemology without access 
to, and understanding of, the very machines that extend, at least for the 
privileged, the real - whose very definition is characterized by 
withdrawal? The entanglement of theoretical subject and object is best 
served by quantum mechanics from below, now approaching the level of 
ordinary visibility. 

This is occasioned by recent readings into theory, where it is clear that 
the authors were circumlocuting a field they had little knowledge of - in 
this case, codework - but it's also occasioned by an increasing dissatis- 
faction with theory's applications beyond the social in general. It's too 
easy to slip from augmented reality or virtual worlds or virtual reality 
itself, to ontologies or epistemologies, with the receding dream of the 
fundamental guiding one astray. There are several levels involved, all 
crumbling, all entangled - the physical-real, the mathematics of the world 
(however world and mathesis are defined), the current technologies of the 
world (ditto), access to these technologies, theory and its techne - and 
melding or interoperability among all of these. It's theory that 
disappears in the mix - or the rest of us; increasingly, to understand the 
world has come to mean to understand technical vocabularies on all levels 
- from conceptual/theoretical astuteness to access to tools, which depends 
on the grace of institutions and individuals. In my own case, Patrick 
Lichty and Sandy Baldwin directed me towards mocap at their institutions; 
Frances van Scoy extended the invitation to 3-d scanners; Mark Skwarek 
guided me through the beginnings of mocap, and so forth. I walk in and out 
of labs with residencies that range (once) from half a year to (most 
often) 2-3 days. I walk into institutions, into institutional cultures; in 
this regard I'm luckier than most. But the access remains highly limited, 
and what's more important here, the resulting phenomenology is always 
bracketed. I suspect this is the case for most people; it's a matter of 
degree. All I can do - all _anyone_ can do - is write from the outside, 
from the external (within or without a phenomenology of externality), but, 
by grace of these invitations, I have learned, at the least, my limits. 
Theory on the other hand proceeds without limits; its contemporary 
over-reliance on the body, abjection, sexuality, and other issues is to 
some extent a withdrawal to a fictional core that remains inviolate: begin 
and end with the body of the theorist, and the details of codework for 
example will either be bypassed, introjected, or seen as irrelevant. None 
of this would matter, if theory didn't carry the weight it does; we've all 
read descriptions of our own work as if they're written in a foreign 
language, indecipherable with occasional partial legibilities that seem 
inherently wrong. Media (in the sense of writing-about, placing that 
writing, receiving and remediating that writing) does that to one, and 
there's little recourse at the other end. (On the other hand, our own 
descriptions, as cultural workers, often chart out vast philosophical 
terrain, as if materiality - and the bridging between abstract theory and 
materiality - made a difference. I'm guilty of that! In this enclaved 
essay I'm guilty of that!)

When I give a talk now, I try to begin with issues of "the fragility of 
good things" (from catastrophe theory), extinctions, global slaughter 
coupled with populations exponentially increasing - and enclaving, a 
concept borrowed from Mike Davis, emphasizing the secure and violent walls 
placed around the wealthy, around global institutions and bodies, around 
governance in general. Theory itself is enclaved in this regard - as is 
the epistemology/ontology of the real (at variance with theory), dependent 
on Fermilab, the LHC, AR, holographic VR, etc. etc. - pick your level, 
your machine, your theorist. The levels aren't interoperable, nor are they 
well-defined. The result is brilliant production, with either micro-man- 
aged phenomenology, or phenomenology left in the dust. (Brian Greene's The 
Hidden Reality figures here for example.)

It's characteristic of this short essay, that _I don't know what I'm 
talking about, nor can I_ - which is why the weaker the theory, the more 
functional. I keep thinking of the usual question, for example - Why is 
there something rather than nothing - and coming up with the exhaustive 
positioning of physical bootstrapping, the universe bringing itself, 
continuously, into existence, so that the Why - which implies both origins 
and causality - if it doesn't fade away, at least is in need of a coronary 
bypass. The solidity or projection of real or virtual objects stands 
ultimately in relation to physical theory; if holography plays a role in 
our appearing, how many codings occur to construct a virtual world?

The bottom line, not the fundamental one, is the failure of regimes - of 
technology, theory, coding, phenomenology, physical and somatic realities 
- to interconnect, in combination with apparent flows of power among them. 
This power is split and sutured by human claims among humans that don't 
quite interconnect. I'm not talking about the old notion of two cultures, 
but about fragmentation everywhere, suturing within micro-domains (code, 
technology, augmented and diminished realities, theory, daily life). This 
is hard to grasp, when even this description falls apart, is rifted; how 
could it be otherwise? I'm not talking about the old notion of master 
narratives, but about a collocation of narratives, topologically-distinct 
but fuzzy and broken sememes. I'm not talking about a dearth of ontologies 
but about ontologies as local conventions, epistemologies always already 
under contestation. (Which is amazing and liberation; there are just the 
old Sartrean issues of scarcity economics in the midst of Bataille's 
surplus increasingly harbored from above.)

And I'm talking about enclaving brought about by an exponential increase 
in knowledge, coupled by an exponential increase in wealth among a small 
and isolated class - both have utterly transformed the landscape, origin- 
ally one of privilege, network broadcast, and limited access - through a 
period of net neutrality, open sourcing knowledge (but not medical care, 
basic survival safety nets, life on the ground), and a distant horizon of 
universal open channels of information and communication - to one again of 
technological privilege, limited broadcast and access, local control. I 
can see the model changing from the imperial through the appearance of 
democracy, back through neoliberalism to an imperium in everything but 
name. Better managed this time, everything appears better and better 
advertised; it's just a kind blurriness in the details: WELCOME TO THE 
TELECOMS OF THE REAL.


