

Heine:



There fell a frost in the night of spring,

It fell on the tender blossoms young

And they are withered and faded.



A lad once loved a maiden fair,

They fled in secret from house and home,

They told neither father nor mother.



They roamed and wandered here and there,

They had nor luck nor guiding star,

They fell by the wayside and perished.



-- (trans. Feise)



Es fiel ein Reif in der Fruhlingsnacht,

Er fiel auf die zarten Blaublumelein,

Sie sind verwelket, verdorret.



Ein Jungling hatte ein Madchen lieb,

Sie flohen heimlich von Hause fort,

Es wusst weder Vater noch Mutter.



Sie sind gewandert hin und her,

Sie haben gehabt weder Gluck noch Stern,

Sie sind verdorben, gestorben.





All the characteristics of life may be defined by states and processes.

There must be an ontological framework capable of shifting from one world

to another, in order that the definition holds. Only if one insists that

life is a natural kind based on a material environment, material exchange,

does artificial life fail to meet the criteria. Worlding occurs within

ontological frameworks, attributed frames; the question is whether life

can occur within them, whether they would support a set X of fundamental

processes. Such processes involve exchange with imminent environment. For

example, one can create computer lifeforms which have no necessity to

absorb energy; they reproduce wildly and competitively. Conversely, one

can create lifeforms which do not reproduce, but horde, absorb, and

compete for food. Certain large marine worms near deep-sea thermal vents

absorb nourishment without the necessity of a digestive system. Energy

must always be present in an operational environment; in the case of

artificial life, the environment itself may form an ontological foundation

for existence; the two exist in entirely different worlds. One can, in 

fact, consider a _new topodynamics_ of lifeforms, in which _no_ specific 

attribute is necessary for an evolving definition of "life." Definitions 

then become a matter of degree within a holarchic structure, a consensus- 

situation or fammily of usages. These are important considerations for 

the philosophy of computer/human interactions. It is only to be noted in 

conclusion that we are still bound within the state/operator or noun/ 

verb model of programming itself; either this is to be taken as a funda- 

mental condition of the real, or one can look towards other domains for 

future implementation.



