





Date: Fri, 28 Apr 1995 02:16:00 -0400 (EDT) 

From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix.com>

To: -- Cyb <cybermind@jefferson.village.virginia.edu>,

    Fop <fiction-of-philosophy@jefferson.village.virginia.edu>

Subject: Burnout 









Recently, I've begun to feel burnout on the net, on ascii, on all the 

analysis, not being able to enter into the pleasure of the text which 

scrolls _exactly_ down the screen over and over again. So I thought I'd 

write about it. 



The dreams have stopped, there's no more scrolling _there,_ and they've 

returned to the troubled dreams of several months ago, anguish over the 

loss of an ex-girlfriend, real geographic cataclysms and terror on the 

streets. Administration takes up less time, but for me the growth of 

these lists has been slow, and we've lost a lot of people I've valued, 

although new ones come on. I seem to be one of the few constants here; 

I'm always here, public and private email both, running in the same 

circuits, watching the fragility of net relationships transform them as 

soon as real life comes once again to the foreground.



The integration isn't here for me; I've got a strong homing-instinct now, 

and finding myself without a relationship in the city, without suitable 

finances, without a place I _like_ living in, the net takes on burdens 

that make no sense in the long run. There's been a natural progression 

from thinking about nets and communities through third sex to artificial 

life; it seems to me if life succeeds in this space, it succeeds as 

_lateral_ life, that is life that recognizes itself _within_ the medium, 

not elsewhere. 



But if we're healthy we _are_ elsewhere, and it's in the complexity of

daily life that struggles occur over thinking the Oklahoma bombing

through, over thinking about alterity, over so much more. I find myself

constantly running back to books so as not to oversimplify my arguments:

for example, what's "artificial" in artificial life? 



But then some of the discussions _here_ do contain considerable 

complexity - it's not that.



Maybe it's the way the text burns through my eyelids, no matter the color 

of the words on the screen.



Maybe it's not seeing the shadow of someone disappear as she leaves, or 

the knock at the door before someone enters. 



The net proves insidious; part of burnout is watching real life itself 

become distanced, finding myself thinking through a relationship that is 

90% text and will always be that way.



Late at night voices speak to me, on unixtalk, on the phone occasionally. 

There has to be more to life than the wires, more central to life. It's 

interesting to watch Andy Hawks over on Future Culture (although I'm off 

the list now), beginning it, talking about feeling the wires, later 

leaving, then returning.



Is everything packaged here? Is that why I so easily relate (I won't 

speak for anyone else), yet feel that there is utter darkness surrounding 

the terminal? Maybe that's why the MOO anonymity or identity morphing is 

problematic for me, more packaging, more programming. I find myself 

on-line or teaching off-line moving from one program to another, here's 

the world wide web worm, there's veronica, here's unixtalk, there's a 

moo, here's a caucus system...



I'm going to stay on. I need something real, though. More and more I

understand addiction to drugs; it would be an odd relief to be forced to

relate to the grittiness of _substance,_ alcohol or cocaine. It won't

happen though. Instead, I find myself still retreating within the virtual;

instead of Warwickian bodies vis-a-vis Nick Land and the other Deleuze-

Guattarians, I'm sending a videotape, another virtuality to accompany the

Virtual Futures conference. Another effacement, distanciation. 



I feel crippled here, a sure sign of burnout...



Alan, meandering with apologies to one and all





