

originating huddling near the top of the screen; they're inscribed there,

already a totality or curtain-rod, mass lending itself to the procuring of

an audience, guiding the reader into the text's desire. compressed, the

curtain of opposing empty space falls from line after line; numerous, they

will end somewhere, leaving infinite and empty scroll pouring underneath,

effluvia of vacated thought. each domain of the text, each topography, is

guided by the tether to thinking, by the unfolding of cloth. there are no

divisions among the divisions.                    |

		|                                 |

		O                                 O



texts refresh instantaneously on the screen, transforming into the begin-

ning of our thinking together, the terror and relief of the construct of

origin.  the screen begins to fill, Rabelaisian, and there are moments

when the flood runs itself in the vicinity of thought, thoughtless, work-

ing the bridges and routers of words of worlds, turning the cared-for

phrase until the liminal moment once again manifests itself. 



content gathers in the liminal, breath held or harvested, the horizon of

distance always a distraction. we plunge paragraphs deep, into always

familiar strata, sediments, always a certain relief as well that the

saying is occurring. 



the saying is occurring and developing, filling itself towards the

margins, huddled again constantly adjacent to the left-hand sheaf from

which everything proceeds: towards fulfillment, thought running out,

cloacal, urinary, the _thirst_ of it. 



the thought that <when a vinyl record becomes worn, it absorbs the world 

- cracks and hisses carrying a history of deterioration, old-age death. 

a cd on the other hand gestures hopelessly towards the eternal - the 

impingement of the world constructs absence, hiatus, diminution. there is 

no history in the resulting gaps or channel skips - only the absence of 

worlding, uncanny silence and invisibility.>:



which would not have been the thought or the thinking of it. beneath, the

text, still hanging, through skin sloping into exegeses of the labial,

through the weight of the line transformed into teats, begins to close in

on itself, an inverted trapezoid, clitoral, mute, abjuring climax or

effect. we'll see it cried, the pain of the letter itself turned forward,

backward, wobbling into the commonalities of expedient text. the screen

scrolls forth, words and lines shift uneasily, the rim of an infinite

wheel which returns, qua Nietzsche, only within an inconceivable future,

already inscribed, grinding inscription into the fundamental ground,

grinding of fundament, ground glass reticule of the terminal screen

screamed.  

| 

| 

| 

O











































