





Hypertext, Gaps, Limbs, Architecture





The swollen internet is tumor-oriented, ruptured with the decay of

information, tethers, traces following through links which wind uselessly

through the history of the human. If hypertext provides gaps or hiatus in

relation to tunneling through the virtuality of links (which are notated,

for the most part, presenced on the surface), then gaps themselves are

hypertexts, _not_ the linked document, but the raw absenced and sutured

materiality of the hole itself. All texts become rim-texts; nodal sites,

in their vectoring, are intensifications rather than signposts, the accre-

tion of the symbolic to the useless. 



What is useless is the knowledge itself, beyond the domain of the _rat-

tler,_ the stuttering of facticity across the disciplinary panopticon,

frameworking knowledge at every level.



"These spirals of misprision and division are deployed across the highest 

and lowest levels of hypertextual discourse. This is what takes place at 

the hypertextual detour: a diachronic characteristic of narrative 

digression - the turn at the link - replays the turn at the synchronic 

level of the link as a signifier of _pure difference._ On each level, 

meaning is a function of difference: the slippage in the signifying chain 

at the level of the sign is articulated at the higher level of narrative, 

in the slippage between linked threads in the weave of a docuverse. The 

gap-ridden structure of the hypertext makes explicit the underlying gaps 

in the fabric of language from which it is constructed, and in which the 

consumer of the hypertext is constituted as a subject of language." 

(Terence Harpold, "Threnody: Psychoanalytic Digressions on the Subject of 

Hypertexts," in Delany and Landow, Hypermedia and Literary Studies.)



What Harpold constructs as "gap-ridden," is in fact over-determined, not 

slippage so much as _limb_ sliced thick, resilient. And in fact, the con- 

sumer of hypertext may be de-constituted through subjugation of language; 

it's within the epistolary-novel conditions of email lists, for example, 

that subjectivity flourishes through the hysteria of the text. The thick 

rupture of the hypertextual surface, ungapped but sloughing elsewhere, 

returns language-as-subject whose underpinnings "might as well be" any- 

where. Hypertextual _activity,_ the labor of the reader, is _varied,_ a 

question of choosing, setting-aside, standing back. But the freedom is 

illusory - and I feel compelled to return to this again and again, from 

Unixtalk through MOO through hypertext - as programming recedes. In this 

sense, programming imitates the discursive processes of late capitalism 

or hypercapitalism (Wired comes to mind), in which the simulacra of free- 

dom give way to... the simulacra of freedom. (It was Ben Hecht who said 

Hollywood is the place where you can scratch away the tinsel to find the 

real tinsel underneath.) 



But the labor of the subject, totally mediated in this format of reifi-

cation, nonetheless returns the subject to hirself, hardly constructed,

penetrated by language-substance which fills those deliberate wounds which

are discovered gaps by those who would still believe in architecture. 



