







Subject: Burnout but thinking about the Net as well, bit long





(A bit long but hope I made it worthwhile.)



Trying to figure out more about burnout. I _don't_ burnout on good 

discussion, on using the Net as a resource, at all. But there are always 

tensions between what is promised and what's really present, and this is 

true in terms of Net relationships - nothing can be real unless flesh- 

meets occur (and that term itself is painful) - and it's true of 

resources as well.



Doing research on the Net, I find huge gaps everywhere - try searching 

down invertebrate paleontology for example, or serious art-history 

research tools. There's almost nothing. 



There are good discussions in the less-known newsgroups and fun for a 

while in some of the others. Everywhere, I'm aware of programming, 

working within the narrow confines of packaged creativity; on the MOO you 

dig without a license or fear of destroying the environment; in the news- 

groups, structures and stars develop quickly. Community develops so 

quickly everywhere that I wonder about its depth or sincerity; some of 

the most committed members of Cybermind have left for example, sudden 

disappearances that in real life would be accompanied by mourning or 

suspicions of death.



I'm envious of successful cyber-relationships, love affairs. I find them

almost impossible to maintain, and the sheer weight of real life dominates

of course, ultimately either destroying them or making them leave the 

computer for the physical. But then I may not be built for this medium - 

my expectations are likely askew.



Hypertext too seems problematic to me; the disruptions again are

programmed and the holes in the text destroyed worlds with an automated

consistency. MYST doesn't do that; sheer visuality overcomes and

participates in the diegesis. But too often on text-driven web I've found

myself losing track of the investigation, with the continuous presence of

distractions. 



Gopher often deadends; ftp thank god made it to lynx where it's reasonably

fast and you can read on-screen. Try finding though the poetry of John

Skelton - it's there, hidden away - I stumbled upon it by accident - and

have seen almost no references to it. And it's in .html just as everything

here moves through the programmatic; if you read anything, it's by

courtesy of a program that may or may not have tampered with the original. 



A lot of us are hurting, are looking for love, are sexual in the space. 

For myself, when the appropriate application closes, the screen slams 

against the body, emptying it completely of affect; one's faced not only 

with mortality but absolute isolation. The only recourse is to return 

again and again - it's the appeal of pornography - the _next image_ will 

do it finally for me, there will never be the need for another...



And for me the email lists get closer to an ideal community; they have the

time and space of thought between the posts, and the ability to work

through reasonably complex ideas. They can present extremely long posts

which can be searched, replied to, and thoughtfully sent back onto the

queue. But the discussions often deadend early, participants leave, and

the constant morphing means that a community of discourse often repeats

its thinking, just as Cybermind might again and again bring up issues of

embodiment that were discussed by members earlier, covering the same 

points.



I find myself teaching on-line, editing on-line, loving on-line, being 

on-line, administering on-line. And trying to work through all of the 

above is ultimately trying to work through consistencies or stases within 

ascii text itself, posts by someone I really care about, or downloaded 

pictures of the Joshua Tree National Monument for example. 



I'm totally pro-Internet; the future is here, this is the frontier. But 

it's not miracles, it's not the edge of research (although on private 

email lists etc. it's a place where the edge is discussed), and it's 

exhausting. I don't think organic life was built for it. I don't think we 

have the radiowaves, the binary in our heads.



But things will change; we have to realize we're on the cusp of something,

and that's what keeps me going. The cusp is this: that the senses will 

_increase_ in this space, MOOs might actually reflect virtual architecture 

(_and_ the labor that is needed for any building), email lists might 

become capable of multimedia, and I can even look forward to the Burgess 

Shale fauna in a complete photographic catalog somewhere. At the moment, 

though, we should keep in mind both our privilege and our poverty, and 

the fact that this _isn't_ utopia by a long-shot. And if it's even going 

to approach real-life communities, it's going to take more commitment, 

maybe, than we're willing to give it.



(And maybe more money. I've yet to even approach multi-media, and can't 

afford it. Only by virtue of the New School do I have any Mosaic and 

Netscape access - and my god, compared to the rate I move, they're 

unbearably slow. Maybe I should take prozak, ludes, anything to match the 

endless stuttering of the image upon the screen.)





Alan - who apologizes for the awkwardness of his writing here, but he's 

been with a flu or cold or something and had MSG to boot in what was a 

great Chinese meal not on alt.food.chinese but actually in this place in 

the basement and the pineapple chicken was great.



