









horse sacrifice





Brihadaranyaka Upanishad, Muller trans: "He desired, 'Let a second body be

born of me,' and he (death or hunger) embraced speech in his mind.' Briha-

daranyaka Upanishad, Wendy Doniger O'Flaherty trans: "He desired, 'I wish

that a second body were produced for me.' He, who was hunger, death,

caused speech to copulate with mind." Possessive "his" in the first trans-

forms everything. Continue with O'Flaherty; read carefully: 



"He desired, 'Let me sacrifice more, with a greater sacrifice.' He 

exhausted himself, and he generated heat in himself, and out of him as he 

was exhausted and heated came glory and virility. Now, glory and virility 

are the vital breaths, and so when the vital breaths had gone out of him, 

his body began to swell. His mind was in his body.



"He desired, 'I wish this body were fit for sacrifice. I wish that I could

have it for my own body.' And it became a horse (_ashva_) because it had

swelled (_asvat_). 'It has become fit for sacrifice (medhyam),' he

thought, and that is why the horse sacrifice is called the Ashva-medha. 

Whoever knows him in this way really knows the horse sacrifice." 



Muller in part: "He desired that this body should be fit for sacrifice 

and that he should be embodied by it. Then he became a horse, because it 

swelled, and was fit for sacrifice; and that is why the horse-sacrifice 

is called Asva-medha." Muller later: "He (who knows this) overcomes 

another death, death does not reach him, death is his Self, he becomes 

one of those deities." This is knowledge of "the sacrificial fire and the 

Asvamedha-sacrifice." O'Flaherty: "He (who knows this) conquers repeated 

death; death does not get him; he becomes one of these gods."



The "chief queen" lays in the Shatapatha Brahmana with the suffocated 

horse; the attendants "make the chief queen (Mahishi) lie down next to 

the horse, and they cover the two of them with the upper cloth as they 

say the verse, 'Let the two of us cover ourselves in the world of 

heaven,' for the world of heaven is where they 'quiet' the sacrificial 

animal. Then they draw out the penis of the horse and place it in the 

vagina of the chief queen, while she says, 'May the vogorous virile male, 

the layer of seed, lay the seed'; this she says for sexual intercourse.

While they are lying there, the sacrificer insults the horse by saying, 

'Lift up her thighs and put it in her rectum.' No one insults (the 

sacrificer) back, lest there should be someone to act as a rival against 

the sacrificer." The horse is then dismembered and then there is a 

restoration. 



There are seeds of the Kalevala here, the restoration of Lemminkainen,

Rune XV. Nasshut kills him: "There the blood-stained son of death-land,

There Tuoni's son and hero, Cuts in pieces Lemminkainen, Chops him with

his mighty hatchet"... and the pieces are thrown in the Tuoni. (John

Martin Crawford trans) There is the beginning of a thread.



Outside of Copenhagan, the reconstruction of a horse-sacrifice.



Who sacrifices who for which knowledge is gained, who possesses which 

attributed disembodied/bodied/foreboded body? These questions are always 

already silenced. Turn now to the Poetic Edda, Havamal 138-139, Hollan- 

der's translation: 



"I wot that I hung   on the wind-tossed tree

  all of nights nine,

wounded by spear,   bespoken to Othin

  bespoken myself to myself,

[upon that tree   of which none telleth

  from what roots it doths rise].



Neither horn they upheld   nor handed me bread;

  I looked below me -

  aloud I cried -

caught up the runes,   caught them up wailing,

  thence to the ground fell again."



Self-sacrifice again for knowledge, inverted, by one of the gods them-

selves. Hollander's commentary: "Othin sacrificed himself by hanging 

himself on the World-Ash and wounding himself with his spear." Now for a 

variant, Bellows' translation, Hovamol 139-140: 



"I ween that I hung   on the windy tree,

  Hung there for nights full nine;

With the spear I was wounded,   and offered I was

  To Othin, myself to myself,

On the tree that none   may ever know

  What root beneath it runs.



None made me happy   with loaf or horn,

  And there below I looked;

I took up the runes,   shrieking I took them,

  And forthwith back I fell."



He gains "nine mighty songs" and stanza 147 again circulates among the 

realms:



"Knowest how one shall write,   knowest how one shall rede?

Knowest how one shall tint,   knowest how one makes trial?

Knowest one one shall ask,   knowest how one shall offer?

Knowest how one shall send,   knowest how one shall sacrifice?"



The ritual/repetition enters into and among the realms. One may, if one 

desires, place the Crucifixion in the midst of these scenarios. The 

distinction of course is that the state mediates, which problematizes the 

act; why, if the mediation were necessary and desired by Deity itself, 

were the Jews repeatedly chastised for their complicity? 



Death itself weaves and sutures among the worlds, which are spoken and 

written; language pervades them. In cybermind, it is our own death that 

is sacrificed; on the rim, packets stutter, reminding us of the cloacal 

nature of the dead animal/chora where all is melange. Interpenetrations 

have no resolution; Othin connects from the tree, Mahishi through the 

lingam of the horse. Disembodiment can be dismemberment, the body trans- 

formed into the broken text; reassembled, the text remains. The body 

becomes its own tattoo, everything written in the irresolution, recup- 

eration of worlds. 



O'Flaherty: "Falling apart and coming back together again is seen in 

Vedic literature as the problem of creation." ... "In particular, things 

fall apart at their junctures or liminal points, joints; 'parvan' means 

both the joint of a human body (knee, elbow, and so forth) and the 

junctures or liminal moment of transition between one time period and 

another." ... "The problem of falling apart in the act of creation is then 

analogized to the ever-present fear that the sacrifice itself will fall 

apart or go wrong in some way, which makes necessary complex restorations 

(_prayashcitti_)" ...



Moving among/between the worlds, sacrifice, death, soul, writing, speech 

all tangle in a Borromean knot; a single mistake unravels the hole/whole. 



The joints shimmer as they connect across ontologically separated 

domains, cyberspace to physical reality, the dismembered body dreaming to 

dreams of the membered body. They shimmer as interstitial connections, 

the fingers upon the keyboard, death announced over the computer screen. 

And they shimmer as conjunctions, junctures, concatenations, screen after 

screen in cyberspace, mind after mind throughout cybermind. Things seem 

terribly wrong and restoration is always part of the process; it is 

restoration that sutures worlds, and restoration is always after death. 



Healing is ontology and epistemology both; the body tears itself apart, 

sacrificing for the truth, hoping beyond hope that enough remains of good 

sense and perception to comprehend the remnants of self and desire in the 

debris.



Opening of the Brihadaranyaka Upanishad, Muller:



"1. Verily the dawn is the head of the horse, which is fit for sacrifice, 

the sun its eye, the wind its breath, the mouth the Vaisvanara fire, the 

year the body of the sacrificial horse. Heaven is the back, the sky the 

belly the earth the chest, the quarters the two sides, the intermediate 

quarters the ribs, the members the seasons, the joints the months and 

half-months, the feet days and nights, the bones the stars, the flesh the 

clouds. The half-digested food is the sand, the rivers the bowels, the 

liver and the lungs the mountains, the hairs the herbs and trees. As the 

sun rises it is the forepart, as it sets the hindpart of the horse. When 

the horse shakes itself, then it lightens; when it kicks, it thunders; 

when it makes water, it rains; voice is its voice." [O'Flaherty: "speech 

is his whinny."]





-   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -





Henry Adam Bellows, The Poetic Edda

Lee M. Hollander, The Poetic Edda

Elias Lonnrot, The Kalevala or Poems of the Kaleva District, translated 

  by Francis Peabody Magoun, Jr., also The Kalevala, The Epic Poem of 

  Finland, translated by John Martin Crawford

Nicol Macnicol, Hindu Scriptures

Wendy Doniger O'Flaherty, Textual Sources for the Study of Hinduism

See also Rene Girard, Alphonso Lingis, Muller's translations of the 

  Upanishads, passim. 



