  









Troping Around Ecocyb





1. Depression. The tiniest little thing makes me cry. The world is filled

with clutter whose history is lost forever. Surely that doll made someone

happy once upon a time. Surely there was a once upon a time. The cup I am

holding was turned from a tree or fossil life before the existence of

names. Did australopithecines have events. 



2. The lot down the street

remains emptied; it covers several city blocks, and building has not yet

begun, politics or funds? The neighborhood suffers as a result; older

businesses have disappeared, and new ones haven't gained a food-hold as a

result of the shaky climate. 



3. I watch my body cease to be my own; it

desires to return somewhere, anywhere, outside of this realm of trashed

illusion. Capitalism invented trash; traditional societies invented the

kitchen-midden. Their archeologies are different; in late capitalism,

knowledge = consumption. 



4. I am never sick in cyberspace, but I _report_

my sickness. Environment sublimates hysterically into body. 



5. On MOO, I

say @dig and room exists, even if permits are necessary. Environment

sublimates hysterically into text. 



6. Do we have events. Fleshmeets are

events, deaths are events. On email lists, voices disappear with an

imminence that can only be described as uncanny, terrifying, if one

insists on listening to absence. The cloaca is always already substitu- 

tion. 



7. Here we are, clean and proper bodies; nothing oozes. What of 

this ultimate ideology of cleansing, with its dubious flight from the 

maternal, from abjection? One screams to whisper. Shower stalls. The 

lessons of Kristeva, Theweleit, come to mind. 



8. Chislenko's writings on 

filtering (again): we manufacture ourselves, the ultimate postmodern 

constructivism. Essence, Jim Reith's coreman, disappears for the glitter 

of surface phenomena. The core itself abrogates essence, but at least 

within the machinery, the trolls are visible, mind in and out of the 

waters. And at least in the machinery, labor and its political economy 

are of major concern. 



9. Learning magic _here_ is a form of separation; 

not only do we believe we are not killing species, but we also believe we 

can create new ones. Artificial life, character morphing. It's precisely 

in the obdurate nature of character/body in real life (with their atten- 

dent psychoanalyses, psychotherapies, surgeries) that negation or the 

con-fronting of the other occurs. In cyberspace, the other is consumed, 

subsumed, assumed, which is no other. How much of this problematic ideo- 

logy leaks _back_ into a foreclosing of the suffering of the real? 



10. 

Living within the safe environment of the screen or screens, delimited in 

ways we can never foresee. 



11. Depression: The tiniest little thing makes me 

cry. The world is filled with clutter whose history is lost forever. In 

cyberspace there is no history that is not the history of the real. 



12. 

Which world is this anyway? My life is getting smaller. I wait for a slow 

wind to meander through the room, the roof to burst, evaporate, silently, 

perfectly, as if it were never there at all.



