







Net Sentience





I want to go over, again, issues of Net sentience, emergent intelligence, 

which I find impossible, given the current configuration of the network. 

So please bear with me. Consider this as "why the Internet can't think."



First, beyond echo, there is no looping in the structure. There is hand- 

shaking among the computers, and reports on successful/unsuccessful 

transmission of packets, but there is no complex/holarchic organization. 

In fact, looping leads to black holes, to breakdown.



Second, the transmission is in the form of packets. Packets are sent 

independently of one another from site to site, reassembled at the site. 

They cannot act together in the midst of transmission.



Third, the Net utilizes the old NSF-backbone; everything is done to 

simplify connectivity. Neural networks rely on multiply-connected and 

interacting model neurons ("neurodes"); in the human brain, a neuron is 

directly and continuously connected to 10,000-100,000 others.



Fourth, the Net uses five protocol levels simultaneously, each encapsul-

ating the others; this creates a situation of "inertia" at the stage of

the symbolic (interpreted as content by the user - for example, the text

of an email post). Note that the text has _no relation_ to the underlying 

protocol structure. There is a deep division between content and network. 

Here is where confusion arises; community and community's interacting 

vis-a-vis message bases on the Internet do not constitute the level of 

interactivity that would be necessary for Net sentience. 



Fifth, there is no thresholding involved (with the exception of resending 

packets for a specified length of time, then reporting error messages if 

they do not get through). There is, in other words, no conceivable model 

of neural networks within the TCP/IP transmissions.



Sixth, on the other hand, sixth hand, the development of intelligent

search and filtering agents will leads to the implantation of neural

networking programs _on_ the Net, just as there are already intelligent

agents/bots on the MOOs and IRC. There is no reason why these would not

eventually become sentient (we're talking a decade or so), communicating

with one another. This leads to the notion of ENTITY spanning the wires,

not "in" them. 



In Naturally Intelligent Systems, Caudill and Butler define the following 

characteristics of neural networks; my comments follow in brackets:



1. A neural network is composed of a number of very simple processing 

elements that communicate through a rich set of interconnections with 

variable weights or strengths. [The processing elements of the Net are 

task-specific, complex, and use a very rich set of over 100 protocols, 

which do not have variable weights. Eventually a priority weighting may 

be instituted, determining the speed of transmission of specific mes- 

sages.] 



2. Memories are stored or represented in a neural network in the pattern 

of variable interconnection weights among the neurodes. Information is 

processed by a spreading, constantly changing pattern of activity 

distributed among many neurodes. [Memories are address bases at best, for 

routing. _Transmission_ is processed by a spreading...]



3. A neural network is taught or trained rather than programmed. [TCP/IP 

is programmed, not taught or trained.]



4. Instead of having a separate memory and controller, plus a stored 

external program that dictates the operation of the system as in a 

digital computer, the operation of a neural network is implicitly 

controlled by three properties: the transfer function of the neurodes, 

the details of the structure of the connections among the neurodes, and 

the learning law the system follows. [The Internet uses the stored 

external program model.]



5. A neural network naturally acts as an associative memory. That is, it 

inherently associates items it is taught, physically grouping similar 

items together in its structure. [Intelligent address routing may be

a possibility, using roaming agents to determine the fast path from site 

to site, depending on the health of the Net. Beyond this, associative 

memory plays little role in the organization of the Net.]



6. A neural network is able to generalize; it can learn the character- 

istics of a general category of objects based on a series of specific 

examples from that category. [This does not occur in any way on the Net.]



7. It is highly fault tolerant, or "fail soft." This characteristic is

sometimes also called "graceful degradation." A neural network keeps

working even after a significant fraction of its neurodes and inter-

connections have become defective. [This is true of the Net, and is the

major characteristic of TCP/IP, which is designed to continue working 

even if specific sites go under.]



8. A neural network innately acts as a processor for time-dependent 

spatial patterns, or spatiotemporal patterns. [This applies as well, 

considering the formatting and reassemblage of packets.]



9. A neural network can be self-organizing. [The Net is not self-organ- 

izing.]



(Some characteristics abridged.) It seems to me that intelligence will 

appear through neural networking approaches, rather than hard-wired, 

hard-weighted approaches; in any case, these more mobile architectures 

are coming into AI with real results. (The cockroach program I mentioned 

a while ago is based on a neural network.) The brain, any brain, uses 

somewhat similar but more complex systems; the Internet, however, does 

not. The Internet is redundant, but uses fixed programs, protocols, to 

ensure transmission. Intelligence may be _on_ the Net, may travel the 

Net, but the Net itself is passive, as passive as the phone system.



If this is the case, why does the spectre of Net sentience keep getting

raised here and elsewhere? I believe this is because of user interaction,

the amazing communality that develops on a human/languaging level. We tend

to believe that there is mind simultaneously within and beneath the words

(just as poetry and incantation carry a weight beyond the facticity of

protocol statements), that the mind is growing, and somehow manifest or

imminent. We also tend to believe in over-minds, even now, an inheritance

from science fiction (and religious transcendentalism), that there is a

Spirit which communicates with us, and that it is everywhere, in the midst

of our speech itself. Because the Internet is a multiply-connected global 

network, because it appears inexhaustible and an open architecture on the 

level of the user, it appears to be the (immanent) site for something 

else, something "driving it" ... This is, however, a result of our own 

projections/introjections (what I've called "jectivity" elsewhere), not a 

reality; much as we may desire it, Net sentience is better left to our 

minds and future bots.



