







Listen to this, Travis:





"In reality we ourselves make cinema by living it: that is, by existing

practically; that is, by acting. _All of life, in the whole of its

actions, is a natural, living, cinema: in this, it is linguistically the

equivalent of oral language in its natural and biological dimension._ 

   By living, therefore, we represent ourselves, and are present at the

representation of others. The reality of the human world is nothing other

than this double representation in which we are both actors and specta-

tors: a gigantic happening, if you like." (Pasolini, Empirismo eretico, in

Pier Pasolini, Naomi Greene, Cinema as Heresy.)



And this:



"Cinema is not a universal or primitive language system ('langue') nor

even a language ('langage'). It brings forth an intelligible matter, which

is like a presupposition, a condition, a necessary correlation through

which language constructs its own 'objects' (unities and signifying opera-

tions)." (Gilles Deleuze, Cinema II, quoted in Greene.)





What's the matter in cyberspace? Listen in any case:





Travis sat down facing the terminal.

He could hear the sea lapping on distant shores.



welcome to the pavilions of stuttering speech

the beginning of the mouth of the message

he had left cyberspace unannounced

no-announcement is a preparation

a preparation is always lost



his fingertips were damaged through hours of practice at the 

glass-harmonica 

it was a case of nerves as the bowls spun in their wooden frame

it was his habit his touch with something other than the keyboard

it sat in the corner an eighteenth century memory of his future



the lights blinked ceaselessly as he began the slow descent in the midst 

of the starfield

he thought to himself that sometime he would have to begin the process of 

memory

for what is the vain endeavor of the paysage of faces and lanterns



Travis thought of stars.

He thought of the matter of stars, enormous, inchoate, all culture's 

reversion to the molecular, along the fringes of solar storms.

He opened his mouth to speak but he had nothing to say.

The lanterns were beautiful and so were the illuminated faces.

He couldn't speak.



