







Metamorphosis





The neuron was added at random; I had no idea where to place it in 

relation to a network I didn't understand, and which was not mapped out 

anywhere in the program I was given. Only the addition was possible, and 

I found myself setting capacitance, membrane potential, and the like, 

more or less by chance. I'd return to the creature on the screen, a 

cockroach which had the ability to navigate a closed environment, a roach 

governed by a limited amount of energy, and a food drive when that energy 

ran low. It possessed six legs, antennae, and the ability to move through 

the space, somewhat clumsily. I do not know whether it had the ability to 

learn, but the movements were sophisticated.



My first try resulted in the stretching of one of the legs, never to the 

breaking point, since that wasn't built into the program; the leg would 

then return quickly to the insect. It hobbled across the screen, banging 

up against the corner, turning backwards and forwards as its antennae 

gave alternating readings of the situation. There wasn't any way in or 

out, and the banging continued, hopelessly I thought, until the energy 

ran out, the creature ground to a halt, the program read RIP.



My second try resulted in program crashes, one after another; the insect 

never knew about them, never was cognizant of the flickering of the 

environment, life itself, in and out of existence. It was there, always 

looking normal, the same, turned in one or another direction, waiting for 

the return-key in order for it to progress towards some new goal, that of 

merely staying alive overriding everything else.



And my third try, the last, before the final crash, resulted in legs

undercutting legs, legs on top of legs, a real hobble, what appeared to be

crippled behavior straight out of Charles Dickens. I couldn't watch it for

long on the screen; the schematic roach began to be a source of projec-

tion, not of fantasy, but of my own body, and the body of every living

creature; it was losing its somewhat symmetrical exterior as the legs

splayed almost painfully against one another. The vision was one of

empathy and horror; I had created the insect, wounded and dysfunctional,

and I wondered if this were always the case, the source of Frankenstein

and other golem _formations._ (Is this the sense of tampering with the 

"natural," sublimating childbirth, playing Faust? Are we always already 

damaging ourselves as biochemistry and programming simultaneously devour 

our boides?)



The computer refused to save the new neuron and its settings; they over-

flowed memory when the program was rebooted, overflowed again and again. 

As if the program refused to create the insect in its wounded state, at

least _that_ wounded, incapable of surviving, even alone with an

indefinitely large food supply. 



I learned a great deal from this, subject and object of my own experiment

and victim of a pursuit that could only turn back reflexively, as a Klein

bottle, without extrance or exit. Pain always resides in the other, iso-

lating the body, cauterizing it, dividing it from itself; a wounded body

is a piecemeal body. Objects float before and beyond the senses, general-

izing the phenomenological horizon to include extruded body-parts. As

Rimbaud said, I am an other. The roach couldn't _account_ for anything,

learned nothing. I envied Kafka. 



		And all men kill the thing they love,

		 By all let this be heard,

		Some do it with a bitter look,

		 Some with a flattering word,

		The coward does it with a kiss,

		 The brave man with a sword!



			( from Oscar Wilde, The Ballad of Reading Gaol )



