





[These musings continue to touch on life, artificial life, and the arti- 

ficiality of life. I feel somewhat over my head here, but it's necessary 

for me at least to pursue this to the end. Forgive.]





AIAL





Can we differentiate artificial life from artificial intelligence? 

Clearly they are subsets of each other, the former occupying a bandwidth

ranging from robotics (interaction in physical reality) to computer 

viruses. In general, intelligence is currently aligned with the rich 

resources of the real; the Turing test depends on it. (A computer might 

know about the prime-number-world; a human knows more about politics, the 

weather, etc. - _rich-fields_ instead of isolated parameters.) But I may 

assume for the moment the self-containment of artificial life, existing 

within micro-worlds.



I think that the notion of a "seamless virtual reality," entirely con- 

ceivable to date as a gedankenexperiment, if not in real life, plays a 

role here as well. Inner and outer worlds begin to merge; our useless 

burning of energy, trashing of the planet, provides a clue towards our 

own ontological isolation. But this could be programmed as well; there is 

no escape, just as there is ultimately no escape from solicism, or any 

ideology that embraces negation, alterity, and the other, within its 

totalizing armature.



These issues, like Lacan's use of the Borromean knows, intertwine in fact 

hopelessly:



1 - the idea of a foreclosed and controlled environment 

2 - the idea of a set of attributes defining artificial or real life 

3 - the idea of a distinction among nature, culture, artificial, real 

4 - the epistemology and interfacing of the controlled environment in 

relation to a_meta-environment_ 

5 - the possibilities of closed topologies (mobius strip-like) bringing 

environment and meta-environment full-circle into indistinguishable 

levels

6 - issues of intelligence and artificial intelligence in relation to 

mind 



For this reason, again, my conclusion would be that _life_ possesses no 

specifiable definition, insofar as artificial life is possible; that one 

at best is referencing a family of usages; that there is no absolute 

determination of our own existence as self-sustaining and/or created 

within the ontic realm of the known universe; and that there is no 

_necessary_ relationship among mind, intelligence, and life-forms. 



That being said, it should also be emphasized that there is no reason in

the above to appeal to notions of spirit, deity, or totality - it is in

fact this _absence_ that fascinates me, that lends itself to the problem-

atizing of categories of the real and "artificial." 



(One ends, in fact, by appealing to the granular or obdurate nature of 

the real, its fractal quality, realizing as well that this is at best, 

from a certain viewpoint, only a matter of bandwidth.)





