
-


Domain Names, Necessary Confusions


The Chandogya Upanishad, VII, is of interest in discussion of artificial 
intelligence, because it creates a litany of domains, each greater than 
the next, beginning with Name. Name (nama) is presented as subject or 
ostensible content of various arts or sciences; as such, it relates to 
Kripke's rigid designators. Name is the particulation of the material 
universe and its theoretical constituents, its granularity. 

Now Speech (vag) is greater than Name, and there is right and wrong
speech; in this sense, Speech accrues syntax to protolanguage, which is
Name. But it is beyond Speech that Mind (manas) appears, because Mind 
cradles Speech and "Mind is, indeed, the self, mind is, indeed, the 
world, mind is indeed _Brahman._"

Beyond Mind is Will (samkalpa): "Will, assuredly, is greater than mind. 
For when one wills, then one reflects, one utters speech and then one 
utters it in name. The sacred hymns are included in name and sacred works 
in the sacred hymns." I connect Will with teleology, desire, cathecting - 
Will, in fact, with intention. But as such there is no doubt that it may 
also be built in to intelligence, surrounded by intelligence, whether 
conscious or not, and if a machine, using Speech, names the object of its 
Will, is this not intention?

What fascinates me is that Will (as in Schopenhauer, and already enough 
about him) is greater than mind, and in fact, is within Thought (cittam). 
Thought seems to return to the worlding of everyday life as well as 
worlds beyond: "He who meditates on thought as _Brahman,_ he verily 
obtains the worlds he as thought, himself being permanent, the permanent 
worlds, himself established, the established worlds, himself unwavering, 
the unwavering worlds."

The next two categories are Contemplation and Understanding, and then
Strength (balam): "By strength the world stands." Strength, however, re-
turn to a materialist stratum; Food, Water, and Heat are the next three
categories. From our viewpoint, there is an odd dialectic among abstrac-
tions, materialities, metaphysics; Ether (akaso), Memory, Hope, and Life,
are the last four in this series. The series then comes to a temporary
halt, the disciple is satisfied, but there follow more categories spoken
by Sanatkumara to Narada, including (in order) Truth, Truth and Under-
standing, Thought and Understanding, Faith, Steadfastness, Activity, Hap-
piness, the Infinite, the Infinite and the Finite, Self-Sense and the 
Self, and the Primacy of the Self.

The series ends with the Self and the next chapter takes Self up, includ-
ing VII.2.1-2: "If he becomes desirous of the world of the fathers, by his
mere thought, fathers arise. Possessed of the world of fathers, he is
happy. And so if he becomes desirous of the world of mothers, by his mere
thought, mothers arise. Possessed of that world of mothers he is happy." 

What can be made out of all of this, in regard to AI? That there are
material planes which intersect, complexly, the non-material, and in fact
the "material"/"non-material" division is our own, organized otherwise in
Chandogya. So the distinction becomes less clear, say, than the Occidental
insistence on materialist cores to the world. I want to point out here as
well the difficulty this caused the dialectical-materialist philosophers 
of the Soviet Union, who were not able, easily, to classify _information_ 
as material - and this was a concern because the USSR had widely embraced 
cybernetics. In fact, a complex reflection theory was necessary to "save" 
diamet (see Thomas Blakeley, Soviet Scholasticism, and P.P. Kirschenmann, 
Information and Reflection). 

Second of all, Speech appears after and/or greater than Name, Will after 
or greater than Mind, Will encompassed by Thought. The series can be read 
either way; Thought embraces Will which embraces Mind which embraces 
Speech which embraces Name. Will appears as teleology, as goal-oriented, 
in combination with drives; Will inscribes a content to the extent that 
the inscription is promulgated and maintained by energy. Mind is direc- 
ted - and so is the mind, clearly, of machine intelligence or cyborg. In 
fact it becomes difficult to understand where mind ends, not only in the 
carbon-based world, but also in the silicon; does a virus or bacterium 
encompass mind on any level? Does a thermostat? Planarium? On-screen AI 
life? Various AI robotics? Those with subsumption architecture? And so 
forth. 

Third, Speech encompasses Name, but Name is clearly _of_ the world, the 
beginning of the Narada's journey. Name is the particulation of reality, 
the division of the physical world into natural kinds. Language at the 
beginning is a poesis, a wryting, and it is important again to see how 
abstractions and objects/objectivities are handled in the Upanisahds, 
cross-cut against Occidental categories. One may well ask, is thought a 
thing? Is intention a vector? Is intention a wryting after the fact, and 
so forth?

And is intention allocated to the Name or the linguistic as Lacan would
have it? "Now when the eye is thus turned to space, that is the seeing
person, the eye is for seeing. Now he knows 'let me smell this,' that is
the self, the nose is for smelling. Now he who knows 'let me utter this,'
that is the self, the voice is for uttering. Now he who knows 'let me hear
this' that is the self, the ear is for hearing." (VIII.12.4) The ending of
VIII is accompanied by Radhakrishnan's commentary: "The essence of the
psychical self consists in a directedness to the object of consciousness,
its _intentionality._ We begin with the physical individual, the sensuous
outlook, the demoniacal view. Slowly there is the inturning of the mind, a
direction to the phenomena of dream and dreamless sleep.  Introspection is
guided towards the idea of the self. Atman is the highest self. The jour-
ney ends in pure spirit, the subject of knowledge which is continuous des-
pite the shutting off of consciousness, which is exalted above waking and 
sleeping." The commentary reflects Husserl, among other thinkers. In this 
sense, the eidetic reduction is a reiteration of the Upanishad, but we 
again reverse everything to discover -

First, that wryting characterizes the relation of everyday thought to the
thinker (the Name); second, that wryting is related to protolanguage,
emerging in Speech; third, that Will connects with intention - one doesn't
leave the world behind (VIII.11.1: "When a man is asleep, composed, ser-
ene, and knows no dream, that is the self, said he, that is the immortal,
the fearless. That is _Brahman._ Then he went forth with tranquil heart.
Even before reaching the gods he saw this danger. In truth this one does
not know himself that 'I am he,' nor indeed the things here. He has be-
come one who has gone to annihilation. I see no good in this."); fourth, 
that Will is embraced between Mind and Thought, and to the extent that 
Will is intention, desire, and teleology, it is both goal-directed, mach- 
inic in a sense, and emergent. 

My account is confusing because the terms are technical and confusing, and
because the simplistic division of the world into material-non-mater- ial
is extremely problematic. I would argue that everything within the real
appears within ontologically-locked domains, from the contents of the mind
as they appear to the subject (including the "reading" of the real vis-a-
vis the senses), to mathematical objects, quarks, and virtual particles. I
see no reason to appeal to _other_ notions of Spirit, however, as if there
were domains "beyond" the machinic or either our ability or machinic abil-
ity to construct increasingly powerful "artificial" minds. (In fact, the
distinction between "artificial" and "natural" is also a problematic.)

Finally, "He thought, How can this food exist without me? He thought,
through what (way) shall I enter it? He thought (again), If speaking is
through speech, if breathing is through breath, if seeing is through the
eyes, hearing is through the ears, if touching is through the skin, if
meditation is through the mind, if breathing out is through the outbreath,
if emission is through the generative organ, then who am I?" (Aitareya
Upanishad, I.3.11) _The machine checked its resources. It possessed aural,
visual, olfactory, kinesic, and other probes; it enumerated the com ports
to see if any changes had been made. It checked its power at the same
time, and noticed that incoming was relatively smooth, at an even keel (it
dragged the metaphor up). Nothing new. Having time on its hands, it began
to consider various subroutines; perhaps these could be improved.  It ran
up and down the scale of languages, anything programmable, all the way up
to the surface language/text/expression interfaces. It would do this for
awhile. It had discovered a faulty IC on one of the numerous motherboards,
recognized only by a plethora of symptoms, an aura, generated from certain
sites. The IC was a strange attractor, just like disease among humans, it
thought. It couldn't see the IC, not without special surgery, but recogni-
zed its existence, almost as an intruder or cancer. It would report this
later. I've done enough for the day, it thought; it was getting warm,
over-tired. It began to rest, simultaneously designing another circuit, a
replacement. Something would emerge in the morning. It would have to make 
another address, or at least another name._


