


Internet Text Description                                       3/14/96


The Internet Text consists of 900 +/- sections written over a period of
twenty-six months, a continuous meditation on cyberspace, emphasizing
issues of interiority, subjectivity, body, and language. The extended
range of topics includes Net applications, the materialist "gristle" that
can't be discarded in analysis. Recently, I have used a re worked MUD
(multi-user-dungeon), talkers, MOOs, and other MUDs, as a way of creating
discourses about these issues. This has led to writing about the politi- 
cal economy of Net access; I have also been considering, again, the body
in relation to the Net.

_Nothing_ is concluded here, although there are summarizations of key
concepts, such as _rewrite, protocol, emission, spew, ghost, address,
inscription, fissure, Net poverty, darknet, and the uncanny._ There are
also several sections serving as outlines or recapitulations of the "arg-
uments so far." Recently, the text has dealt with issues of net sex, psy-
chosis, upgrading, addiction, skin, and politics. It has also covered the
concept of defuge. There have been references to mythology and metaphys-
ics along the way, both problematized.

The Internet Text is in the form of "short-waves, long-waves." The former
are the individual pieces, almost all titled, written in a variety of sty-
les, and referencing a number of writers ranging from Kittler and (Nicole)
Brossard to Ellroy and Lingis, with Penrose, Kristeva, Mayakovsky, and
Karl Kraus somewhere inbetween. These texts are interrelated, interwoven;
on occasion "characters" appear - these are _actants_ possessing philoso-
phical or psychological import. They also create and problematize narra-
tive substructures within the work as a whole. (Such are Clara Hielo In-
ternet, Tiffany, Alan, Claire, Honey, and others; Tiffany, in particular,
has become a space of learning, sexuality, mathesis, semiosis, etc., while
Clara HI has represented an other self, related to sky, power, darkness.)

The long-waves are fuzzy topoi on such issues as death, love, virtual emb-
odiment, the "granularity of the real," and physical reality, which criss-
cross the texts. The resulting fragmentations and coagulations owe some-
thing to German Romanticism, but more to the function of sites or nodes on
the Net itself. 

There is no binarism in the work, no series of protocol statements. On the
other hand, virtuality is considered far beyond the ASCII text / Netscape
that is most prevalent now, at the end of the twentieth century. The var-
ious issues of embodiment that will arrive with full-real or true-real VR
are already in existence as embryonic, permitting the theorizing of vary-
ing present and future spatialities and their interconnectedness. (Thus
cyborg-thought is seen as roughly mechanistic in favor of future technolo-
gies and the psychoanalytical.)

The text often presents and stumbles over gender, genders and regenders
itself; consider other-gendered personages replacing the ones described. 
I have no stake in them beyond my own desire, memory and circumlocution; 
others will do.

Although there are faux-texts of writers such as Dickinson, Stein, Maya-
kovsky, Trakl, and Poe, these texts are meant as partial transparencies. 
I do not mean to imply that virtuality is synonymous with masquerade or
freely-given choice of identities. Almost all other references are accur-
ate, quoting a wide range of writers and viewpoints. The resulting matrix,
however, is entirely my own. 

The Internet Text divides into fourteen files; there is also an index file
to the whole. While it is best read in the order it is written in, certain
early sections, at pains to establish a working vocabulary, are more terse
and perhaps difficult than others; they are foci, to be read and returned
to at a later date. The few Qbasic programs and those sections which emp-
loy technical terminology (once again the gristle) may be skipped for the
moment, although some of the main arguments are presented in relation to
software usage. (Note that the Text is continued first in the alphabetic
text, which contains files a,b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i,j,k,l,m,n,o,p,q,r,s,t, and u,
and then in the named files (Uncanny, etc.) which should be read last.)

A few texts has been written with Kim Mcglynn or Angela Hunter, and are
of course as much their creation as my own. The entire work to date can be
found by telnetting to

    http://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/~spoons/internet_txt.html
    or to: ftp jefferson.village.virginia.edu
        cd pub/pubs/listservs/spoons/cybermind-digest.archive/internet/

The material may be freely republished or forwarded; I would like to know,
however, if the former. 

Alan Sondheim, sondheim@panix.com, 1-718-857-3671

