
-


An Ignorant Post


Here's some information from Particle Physics and Cosmology (Collins, 
Martin, Squires). They're writing about the quark particle model and its 
gaps, which are as follows (paraphrasing): 

1. With three generations, there are already 24 fundamental fermions. Add 
their anti-particles, 12 gauge bosons, and something called the Higgs 
scalar, and you're up to 61! Most peculiar.
2. There are 19 arbitrary parameters in the standard model including the 
masses of the quarks and charged leptons; this rises to 26 if neutrinos 
have mass.
3. No apparent reason for the three generations, no more no less at the 
moment. 
4. No explanation why quarks and leptons are so similar in terms of weak- 
interactions, nor why their electromagnetic charges are equal, so that 
the electron's -e is equal and opposite to that of the quarks in the pro- 
ton (2Qu+Qd)e=e to at least 1 part in 10^21. 

Consider: 61 fundamental particles, 19 or 26 arbitrary parameters... On
this level, a long way from Grand Unified Theories (GUTs). The chapter
paraphrased covers composite models, attempts at a still more basic level.
Personally, I doubt that compositeness exists all the way down; the char-
acteristics of the different layers (quark, nucleon, nucleus, atom, mole-
cule) vary so widely that I imagine something will emerge by say 2020. 

There are other technical gaps; these I understand very slightly. The 
last might be explanable by the anthropic principle, but perhaps not to 
such a tolerance. (I recommend the book by the way; the mathematics is 
inordinately difficult for me, impossible. It covers everything from 
super gravity to string theory.)

Does this constitute failure in the scientific method, or a barrier which
will be somewhat arbitrarily established vis-a-vis resources in terms of
particle accelerators, etc. for fundamental research? Years ago Brillouin
considered economics as _integral_ to physical theory - that the necessity
for increasingly large accelerators might be built into the world in such
a way that the cost would be a factor in the physics. 

A related question is, beyond one or another theory, why is the world so 
complex in terms of its fundamental equations? The deeper they penetrate, 
the more consciousness seems like a skein or molecular sieve dancing on a 
macroscopic scale, unsure of vision, sure of mergence.

Cyberspace vanishes in these considerations; everything is information 
and its loss.


