

-


Meditations on Flesh and Steel


C. Wright Mills, from his 1960 preface to The Causes of World War Three 
(1958):

"Each of the embattled camps contains men and forces that are working for
peace and also men and forces that mean war. But in the interaction of the
two camps there is one terrible difference between the politics of warmak-
ers and the politics of peacemakers: while the gains made by the warmakers
inside each bloc tend to accumulate, this is not so much the case with the
peacemakers in each bloc. The scheduling of material measures of defense
and attack - the immediate source of the peril - is speeded up and increa-
sed in volume by the successes of the war parties and by their interplay;
and these measures are often difficult to cancel. 

"The wreckers on either side thus strengthen the wreckers on the other -
and the fearful dialectic between the two is heightened. The mutual fright
on which this dialectic feeds, and which it increases, accumulates more
rapidly and with deeper results than does any mutual trust, slowly, tor-
tuously built by the peacemakers." 

I was raised within this terminology of totality, accepted from Adorno 
and cold-warriors alike. Thinking occurred within blocs; blocs were hard, 
obdurate, circumscribed, the placement of rhetoric-in-depth. Massifica- 
tion appears everywhere from Adorno and Horkeimer through Sartre's Dia- 
lectic of Critical Reason, all the way back through Marx and Hegel's 
historical march. Simultaneously everyone and no one marched.

In the long run, _it never mattered what the bloc said,_ only that it 
spoke. I heard this later, night after night, on North Korean shortwave - 
the voice that contradicted itself, took credit even for the light of the 
sun itself, absorbed the world. Radio P'yongyang's simultaneous male and 
female announcers, announced, in fact, nothing more than the creation and 
bandwidth of the world.

Under attack, its monetary policy on the skids, North Korea in the 1980s 
and just about everywhere earlier, were absorbed in the creation of co- 
herency, no matter what the cost. The Freudian superego circumscribed the 
coagulation of the ego, its particulation in the face of modern communi- 
cations, through rhetorical strategies that were literally _under_ the 
circumstances. In the USSR, diamat provided a rock-solid foundation for 
the world, provided those cybernetic bytes could be ruled by reflection 
theory. In China today, the Internet is regulated, singularly channeled.

What circumscribes also forecloses and _puckers,_ that is, constructs an 
uncomfortable _lip_ as if in the presence of soured or spoiled milk. Out- 
side the rhetoric, abjection reigned; those blacklisted in the United 
States were at a loss. Totalization spread like a disease.

The phenomenology of distribution, samizdat, pirate radio, internet, wells
up within the very fabric of totality. Communication expanded and expands 
from limited bandwidth, limited reception, limited transmission. With the 
death of Solzhenitsyn's maid, it was one to one momentarily.

I have always believed that totality, like shadows of over-development in
the West, always tends towards victory. The double-edged sword of fear and
monitoring need only be properly applied, coupled with realistic violence,
possibilities of decimation, and censorship. The center must be made se-
cure from the margins. The threat is still there, and will always be
there, and as fascism itself, comes from within. 

Wreckers always remain anonymous; the term was used in Stalinist Russia 
to refer to anyone who might cause disruption. It implies sabotage, the 
dark agent. An agent must have a source and sink; agents on the Internet 
need not have either, can escape, wander, drawing sustenance from the 
energy in the wires themselves. Look at Robert Morris' 1988 Internet Worm 
for example. An agent may be a double agent, triple agent; ultimately, 
each of us is a fuzzy agent, mediating among sources and sinks, ignoring 
both, running on the energy of late capital, software, the vagaries of 
text itself. 

That language in the quote above, which seems so dated now, is always with
us. We inherited it from the 19th century, the mechanic/machinic, but it
can kill us; our bodies rapidly absorb bullets, pollutions, viruses, poi-
sons of all sorts. Progress itself is a signifier of totality; to what end
if any (and I assume none) does Net development hurtle? We are always al-
ready within seamless reality, virtual or not; I assume what will remain
of our consciousness in say 2100, barring unforeseen circumstances, will
be a matter of _choice_ of worlds, reals, lives, deaths, choice of any-
thing and anyone in fact, fact not so virtual. 

And as for "unforeseen circumstances," as ever, they will dominate, decon-
struct. The appearance of laterality (re: Turkle) in programming styles, 
Net life, and the like, should not fool us; totality emerges everywhere, 
not the least in flamewars, Net communities and relationships, and the 
everywhere corporate war now going on in cyberspace.

Totality: There is no end to philosophy.
Totality: There is no end to history, to art and aesthetics.
Totality: There is no end to the transformation of communication.
Totality: There is no return, nothing to learn.
There is nothing to learn: From philosophy.
There is nothing to learn: From the lessons of history.
There is nothing to learn: From the productions of art and aesthetics.
There is nothing to learn: From the content of communications.
Totality: There is only return, nothing to learn.

