
-


Music, Cosmology, Where One Is


I am listening to music (Jeff Dugan, Blind Film) and I am talking on the
Net. Monitor earphones construct an aural space, not binaural, but vec-
tored through the skull, a cyberspace composed of mobile sources that
slide along a closed interval defined by the earphone diaphragms. (This 
is the space of thou, du, tu, space of intimacy, indecipherable, opened 
and closed, without extension, extended.)

The interval at first glance appears linear, a double vector, but since
the skull and soft organs resonate at different frequencies, the sound
actually moves along a soft-ellipsoidal cloud or manifold, singularities
at both ends, probabilistic, but then ears are not that pin-point accu-
rate, particularly in regard to the interior. 

The interior maps the exterior. The universe inverts along the contours of
the body, fuzzy constructs though they are; George Gamow comes to mind.
But the complexity of the universe glows elsewhere; what is it that in-
verts, when it erupts, problematizes space and time, dimension? (John
Earman, Bangs, Crunches, Whimpers, and Shrieks - Singularities and Acaus-
alities in Relativistic Spacetimes; Stephen Hawking and Roger Penrose, The
Nature of Space and Time, both difficult; I follow as best I can.)

Hawking: "It is normally assumed that a system in a pure quantum state
evolves in a unitary way through a succession of pure quantum states. But
if there is loss of information through the appearance and disappearance
of black holes, there can't be a unitary evolution. Instead, the loss of
information will mean that the final state after the black holes have
disappeared will be what is called a _mixed quantum state._ This can be
regarded as an ensemble of different pure quantum states, each with its
own probability. But because it is not with certainty in any one state,
one cannot reduce the probability of the final state to zero by interfer-
ing with any quantum state. This means that gravity introduces a new level
of unpredictability into physics over and above the uncertainty usually
associated with quantum theory. [...] It means an end to the hope of
scientific determinism, that we could predict the future with certainty. 
It seems God still has a few tricks up his sleeve." 

Penrose: "I should now like to talk about information loss in black holes,
[...] I agree with nearly all that Stephen had to say on this. But while
Stephen regards the information loss due to black holes as an extra uncer-
tainty in physics, above and beyond the uncertainty from QT [quantum the-
ory], I regard it as a 'complementary' uncertainty. [...] Thus a black
hole spacetime violates this conservation [of volumes in phase-space]. 
However, in my picture, this loss of phase-space volume is balanced by a
process of 'spontaneous' quantum measurement in which information is
gained and phase-space volumes increase. This is why I regard the uncer-
tainty due to information loss in black holes as being 'complementary' to
the uncertainty in quantum theory: one is the other side of the coin to
the other." 

Sometimes I close my eyes and feel I could put the universe in my hand,
smile gently down on it, an almost black patch, occasional lights, as if I
were using a spinthariscope (I have one of the first ever made and there-
fore I own a piece of original radium, vintage 1902, still partly radioac-
tive)... I have switched to Passengers, Miss Sarajevo with Pavarotti; try
as I might, the sound, internal, a universe, brings tears, suffering to
me, in spite of my self, no matter what I do, trying to avoid, deflecting
text and sound alike... 

Sometimes I close my eyes and imagine just the birth of stars, just a few,
a body inconceivably small, hurtling nowhere, blown apart, cauterized by
empty space, _spaced_ in fact, neutrinos streaming through its transpare-
ncy, tiny sockets of charged particles charring the strewn and dessicated
flesh... 

My sound comforts me, my music, the ch'in or keyboard, piccolo or fretted
instrument, speeding up to twenty-two notes per second, just a few octaves
audible in the world. This isn't the space of Real Audio, this is the
space of my own extensions, breathings, uncertainties. "Fire, becoming
speech, entered the mouth. Air becoming breath, entered the nostrils. The
sun, becoming sight, entered the eyes. The quarters of space, becoming
hearing, entered the ears. Plants and trees, becoming hairs, entered the
skin. The moon, becoming the mind, entered the heart. Death, becoming the
outbreath, entered the navel: water becoming semen entered the generative
organ." (Aitareya Upanishad, I.2.4.) _The quarters of space, becoming 
hearing, entered the ears._

My sound _annotates_ the universe; against the internal roar of plasma
(and who knows what harmonics are present in a solar flare, quasar jet),
it is inaudible; my eardrum has thinned to fill a space mapped onto it. 
The Passengers die out, replaced by the fields of time, such as they are,
such as they appear to me. Voices are left behind. Flares again and once
again. My eyes glow black, sun-spotted against the brilliance everywhere. 
I am a speck on a mountain on a neutron star, earthquake time of molecular
height; there aren't any. Light or no light, "He, being born, perceived
the created beings, what else here would one desire to speak? He perceived
this very person _Brahman_ all-pervading, 'I have seen this,' he said."
(op.cit. I.3.13.)

