


Diagnosis


I finally found a copy on sale ($15, from $60) of the Internet System 
Handbook, 1993, with contributions from Barry Schein and Vinton Cerf 
among numerous others! It gives details understandable by anyone with 
patience on the Internet _system_ including TCP/IP, routers, bridges, 
etc. - on a conceptual basis. Over 800 pages!

Not to bore you, but I found another useful Unix command - nslookup which 
will translate IP into domain names and back again. So that can be added 
to dig, traceroute, ping, ping -s, whois, finger @, and netstat to find 
out information about sites. There's also telnet <host> 13, which gives 
the local time at the host; and telnet <host> 79 in case you don't have 
finger running at all.

These diagnostics are _amazing_ and I suggest you try them out if you can 
without getting into trouble, because they give the sense of the living 
Net, the Net as activated membrane, not just blank screen, connections 
everywhere. With traceroute, you _see_ the route the packets take for 
example; with ping -s you _breathe_ with their arrivals and departures; 
with whois or dig or nslookup, everything is revealed. With all of these 
commands you're given synchronous and diachronous images of the Net - the 
former referncing, for example, netstat, and the latter telnet 13 or 
traceroute again. Ping alone, by the way, tells you if the host is dead 
or alive.

You can spend evenings circling the world, almost as if you were using 
bang paths, designed in pre-router days to manually set routes. Connec- 
tions can be odd; it takes more machinery to get me from panix.com to 
columbia.edu, both in NY, than from panix.com to joensuu in easter Fin- 
land... Finally, everyone should use telnet <host> 25 at least once in 
their lives, in VERB (verbose) mode, watching simple mail transfer pro- 
tocol (SMTP) do its thing. I've learned more about the Net by probing 
than I would if I had just assumed that everything within it were fore- 
closed, sutured shut, and filled with subaltern magic.

