
-


death in cyberspace



the texts will continue to float for a while. people will forget they 
hated me. people will sometimes read what texts have remained but more 
likely they will delete them. i will lie unconscious and die on the 
floor here. this happened to barbara reise a friend who died in london 
and was found two weeks later. she was doing a book on conceptual art 
which was to be called so-called conceptual art, because it resisted 
completion. her texts were incisive and written near the beginning of 
the internet itself, so they were never on-line. being on-line means my 
writings have boundaries blurried by duplications, erasures, transforms 
of all sorts. i would not want you to know the cause, name, state, of my 
death, nor would i want burial. every word of mine you might continue to 
read out of sympathy would create another mouth tearing my chest open, 
teeth and tongue emerging, words forming as they fall to the ground. you 
might find me torn full of holes. you might not find me at all.

the best thing is to die and be unfound for a while. to find someone is 
to pin hir down; death releases nothing unless it gains a threshold of 
pure absence. while the grave is a portal only to the grave, it is none- 
theless a portal. to be unfound is to risk the void. the texts remain and 
blather onward; even a single word is overweight, stumbles and fails. 

already my hard drive is filled with voices i will never hear again. some 
of them may be dead as i would wish to be. some of them have simply left 
the vicinity, changed voices and addresses, genders, names, states. there 
is no distinction. today i may erase them all; the chattering remains at 
exactly the same level.

my texts though are most likely erased at the portal of your reader. they 
remain as unfound as they are unfounded. presence, you will never know my 
death.

"When this self gets to weakness, gets to confusedness, as it were, then 
the breaths gather round him. He takes to himself those particles of 
light and descends into the heart. When the person in the eye turns away, 
then he becomes non-knowing of forms." B.U. IV.4.1

