
-


MOO, etc.


One of the odder experiences I've had was opening up Kyoto-MOO and the 
Phaedra talker to students in a classroom, creating levels of discourse 
circulating and varying from location to location - this after a round- 
robin email experiment in which each student group send a post to the 
computer on its right.

Everyone tried login as guest; I was default master/mistress of ceremo-
nies, being a wizard. I quick had to do two @make-guests to import every-
one. As students typed their first responses to each other, their first
utterances, I imagined a thick cord of communication, something out of
braid theory, connecting layer after layer of language and bodies. Nothing
happened from what could hardly be called an encounter, but the cord was a
very real thing. 

Since people were logged in under guest names or varying nicknames on the
talker, no one was initially sure who everyone else was - and a few stu-
dents weren't sure who _they_ were. So there was a quick thicket of un-
tangling identities. 

It was the potential of this experiment that fascinated me, the ability 
to literally bind a group together through mutual interactions that com- 
bined real life and virtual communications. I can imagine in the long run 
discussions proceeding in this medium, everyone typing, even the normally 
silent. Certainly, the class spirits were raised; the week before, email 
had been down, and communication had been along more traditional teacher/ 
student lines. I wondered what it would be like to quietly disappear in 
the background, having set up a MOO or other application purely for ex- 
ploring, without any intervention of authority or power. 

Then again, I'm so much aware of the opposite, these texts which are sing-
ularities, nodes, within thickened cords of their own, tendrils reaching
towards the events of the day, but definitely occurring within a strategy
of reflection, participation to the extent that thought always partici-
pates. I have an indirect encounter with community; the cords don't reach
across one another, coagulate, network. They're in different dimensions. 
Sometimes I watch my students as if I were among them, in the midst of
their lives. It always fails. And in real life, physical life, there are
always promises of staying in touch (particularly among smaller classes)
after the course; this continues for maybe a few weeks, then everyone goes
their separate ways. 

It's the _Net_ community that seems to remain, in fact, the ability to 
whisper privately among ourselves; here, friendships from the classes can 
resonate for months.

