
-


Email Lists


Some comments on email lists in relation to recent discussions.

First, there are ways to configure a list for specific audiences. The 
easiest seems to be to use the subject line for topic/demographics;
one can write Community: Lifestyle, Theory: Turkle, for example. Users
could set their email software to filter out those demographics of 
little interest.

Another way to configure lists would be to use aliases for group posts
off-list; the problem here is that these would quickly spin off into
private communications.

In fact, none of these ways seem to work well; they tend to get con-
fused, or the list ends up being over-moderated. 

Second, why are email lists almost never covered when Net community is
considered? They're subscribed to by enormous numbers of people, yet
Sherry Turkle and/or Wired (the two are becoming almost synonymous the
past couple of months) ignore them almost entirely. They're never con-
sidered a _net resource,_ for example, or a reasonable source of in-
formation. For that matter, they've never had their own search engines
such as Archie, Veronica, etc., even though listserv does a good job of
gettings its own lists around. There is considerable outdated informa-
tion on whatever sites do have list resources.

Third, a while ago I described the ascii-oriented Net as a darknet, in-
sofar as it's almost underground at this point, completely outside the
media spotlight. Is this affecting our demographics, and if so, how?
Statistics for the Web alone indicate high-income (a reasonable figure
I've seen is $60,000 US per family/computer), median age over 35, and
60% male. In addition, Web development is still almost entirely a North
American/European domain.

The question is, are there different demographics for email lists, and
if so, _are these demographics underepresented?_ And if this is the case,
is there anything we can do about it? Should someone write an article
for Wired about this for example?

Wired is typical in this respect; it's completely U.S./corporate orien-
ted. There are no serious articles about Internet around the world, only
newsbites on occasion, or (usually bad) speculations on the global Net, 
etc. The very look of the magazine, its Fetish ("technolust") section,
for example, speaks to Web users. One of the advertising slogans (for 
Fujitsu) brings it all home: "Escape the office Without leaving it be-
hind." 

Fourth, does anyone have general email list demographics, beyond Cyber-
mind? This would help us develop a consciousness in relation to our own
list/s. Because of email list underepresentation, the communities on
them always seem to be self-defining in a somewhat problematic manner,
since boundary conditions, email list "aura" (the accompanying private
posts, Web pages, etc.), and overall demographics are so poorly under-
stood. Lists tend to constantly remake themselves; unlike MOO communi-
ties or perhaps even IRC, there is little frameworking to create stabil-
ity, a sense of history (all those MOO objects left around!), etc. Ar-
chives are more formal devices; they rarely have the same effect...

Fifth, I would also be interested in the nature of the aura for email
lists - how many personal relationships develop, for example, within 
professionally-oriented lists? Do most lists develop somewhat private
languages? And finally, what sort of identifications occur among users
of lists, in relation to each other and the lists as a whole? And do
these identifications also occur within the aegis of professional 
lists as well?

