


Good For Nothing


I can't do anything; I feel I'm a failure as a teacher, certainly, of Net
stuff. I teach at several places, and have to rely on piped-in servers,
either over fiber-optic or phonelines. They often goes down at least par-
tially, sometimes more than that. Some of the students end up hating me,
as if I'm responsible. 

The Net's a new kind of teaching. If I'm teaching other subjects, say
video, everything occurs in the classroom; if a student's camera has
trouble, she can bring it to me. The dialog is _there,_ present. But if
it's the Net, I find myself caught between students' troubles with their 
home computers or servers - which I have no access to - and the crackling 
of the campus server, which to date has had telnet, email, newsgroup, 
Netscape, gopher, and overall network connect difficulties. It's as if 
I'm teaching in the midst of a living organism, nodes or polyps in inti- 
mate and private association with the students at home, and the great 
heaving body gasping for breath in the classroom. I find myself trying 
various circumventions; if one server doesn't work, try connect with tel- 
net; if local Usenet is down, find a site where it isn't. Meanwhile the 
students get frustrated; learning isn't packaged, and no matter how much 
I explain the difficulty - that I don't know the ins and outs of all 
their local servers - that I'm not responsible for the health of the Net 
- it doesn't matter at all. What they know is that _their_ computer in 
the classroom is misbehaving and the teacher doesn't know what to do about 
it. 

I did better when I was teaching solely on Unix - why? Because if I want 
to demonstrate telnet, I just do telnet <address>; I don't have to enter 
into complex applications with pull-down menus. In the Windows telnet I 
use in class, to change the port number, I have to enter the setup menu, 
transport menu, edit new transport menu, change the number, back out, all 
after clicking telnet and waiting for the menus to come up. To use a port 
number at the prompt, just do telnet <address> <port #> and it's clear - 
easy to understand this. It's a line of text.

I always manage to teach in realms that are shadowed, half-established,
that get me in difficulties. I taught courses in feminism before they were
popular in arts schools, courses in postmodernism years and years ago, a
course in the year 3000 back in 1971, and so forth. I turned my English
composition class at Brown into an experimental writing group that pub-
lished a magazine; my students at RISD put out a magazine as well. (There
have been others.) I've taught "sound sculpture" twice even though I've
done little sculpture, and even did some experimental sessions on chor- 
eography. I used Kristeva to analyze the Decalog in an intro humanities 
class at an art school which got me into trouble, and Franz Fanon at UCLA 
in a course on art and politics, which also got me into trouble. My stu- 
dents have often gone on to professional careers and quite a few are well 
known but meanwhile, in terms of this basic teaching, which is all I'm 
going to get hired for at my age, it's the straitjacket of Net access, 
with some philosophy and other issues thrown in when I get a chance. The 
video classes are more rewarding at this time, dealing with the mediated 
sight of things and their definitions, and all that that implies.

I'll operate in the shadows for the rest of my life. I'll make less and
less money. I'll be screaming I'm ahead of them all. You'll find me on the
streets soon enough, never fear... 

