

-


Material


While I don't believe in any form of spirit or other fetishistic/empathe-
tic approach to the real, and while I believe that we're constrained by
the bandwidth of our senses (including retinal learning and internal
autonomous processing), I do believe in a physical world, with several
(four or five) interacting fields, which can be precisely described within
the clearly-demarcated bandwidths of quantum theory, and perhaps high-
energy experimentation. I see no reason to assume there was anything "be-
fore" the initial singularity, or that such a singularity itself possessed
a past. I also tend towards a mathematical neo-Platonism which assumes
that there is an inextricable connection between mathematics and reality,
that ontologically they become one and the same on an extremely fundamen-
tal level. I believe in a limited anthropic principle as well, that the
specific conditions of our universe are to some extent in league with the
presence of life-forms within it, and that this helps to explain the fun-
damental constants as they are given. I believe in an intimate connection
between brain states and thoughts, but also think that the states on a
deep level can never be determined; I also think it is unclear what cons-
titutes a brain state in the first place. I do not believe in life after
death, but I would argue that thinking has characteristics of quantum
phenomena and there is the possibility (I think it was Hoyle who pointed
this out) that quantum fields may continue temporarily after death, in one
or another form, although I have no proof of this. I believe that in-
formation occurs within material matrices, but cannot be reduced to them,
and that nevertheless information itself is grounded within a material
basis. I believe strongly that representation is always after the fact. I
see no reason to assume that the real possesses any tendency towards what
one or another culture would consider justice, the good, truth, and/or the
beautiful, although there is evidence that aesthetics plays a role in
mating procedures among a great many species. Beyond these beliefs, which
are limited to being-in-the-world and assuming a core-theoretical approach
to the real, I have no beliefs in any dogmas or religions. I act therefore
upon leaps of faith, for example desiring to do the least harm to people
and other species, if for no other reason than I identify strongly with
the tendency towards extinction that one group can always impose on ano-
ther. I have no faith that humans will ever act differently, that we can
learn anything except the most obvious lessons from the past (i.e. war
kills), that the world will continue - that cyberspace will continue - in-
definitely into the future. I have no belief in soul or deity, and would
have no idea how to approach either, or how they would manifest themselves
in me. I have useless arguments against deity, to the extent that deity is
somehow associated with human aspirations and being, and/or that deity
represents the good, or justice, on some level. I do not believe the nuc-
lear family or weapon will save us. I do not believe _in_ freedom, but
through a leap of faith, I argue _for_ freedom as long as one person's
freedom does not encroach on another's; since they always do, this must be
a matter of mediation. I do not believe in fate or destiny; I find the
world _deeply_ random, and there are no rewards anywhere, not even through
sociobiology for good behavior. It is clear that there are more ways to
spell words incorrectly then correctly, and more ways to behave unethica-
lly than ethically, and in fact more ways to transgress _any_ restraints
than to obey such restraints. I believe that victimless crimes are not
crimes, that consensual sex of any sort is sex of any sort, that fetuses
have no inherent rights, and I would argue as well that humans have no
_inherent_ rights, but that we must and do act otherwise. Finally, except
for the materialist bent of the above, I believe this and other forms of
belief-statements are full of holes, but like Shestov, I have no difficul-
ty with contradiction. One lives as one must, and it is enough for me to 
harrow what I may of the world itself, as long as I am capable. Finally, 
I believe that I would not belong to any club of which I am a member, and 
that includes identity.

