




Whinny


Aum, the dawn, verily, is the head of the sacrificial horse, the sun the
eye, the wind the breath, the open mouth the _Vaisvanara_ fire; the year
is the body of the sacrificial horse, the sky is the back, the atmosphere
is the belly, the earth the hoof, the quarters the sides, the intermediate
quarters the ribs, the seasons the limbs [...] 
(from Brhadaranyaka Upanishad)

Then they draw out the penis of the horse and place it in the vagina of 
the chief queen, while she says, 'May the vigorous virile male, the layer 
of seed, lay the seed'; thus she says for sexual intercourse.

While they are lying there, the sacrificer insults the horse by saying,
'Lift up her thighs and put it in her rectum.' No one insults (the sacri-
ficer) back, lest there should be someone to act as a rival against the
sacrificer. [...]
(from Shatapatha Brahmana)

In my sexual fantasies, I am liquified, splayed open, devoured, eaten
through by love, on fire, flamed; when I'm aroused I can't think straight
until I masturbate. I'll pull at my breasts but they'll never grow; every
night I look in the mirror but I'm still a man. My throat grows larger,
settles down, my eye becomes baleful, my mouth shows teeth. My breasts are
great spots across the world, my breasts are dried seas, my breasts boil
magma from the depths, I'll pull and pull at them. I'll pull them into
cones, into strings, they'll make the world. Her cunt makes the seas the
skies; she gave me the cock to make the reeds, sea urchins, catacombs. 
Light glistens on the threads pulled forth. The rubric of coagulated blood. 

Two. This is the new part. I'll pull myself impossible, invert myself,
I'll write my pain into the skies, seas, thorns. I'll splay text across
the flatland of the screen, my tits pressed hard into it, thinned residue
map left there against the anti-reflection surface. This is the new part,
that I'll thrust them into you, thrust them into you; they cross the @dig
@create rooms you do, they fall into @container, you take them, drop them; 
they boil over, pour forth. My tits are dried seas, my tits are magma down
my throat, my tits hang from me, I feed foals, whinny whinny.

I feed the world, object #0 on the MOO, godlet on talker. Pull me out, 
pull me down, pull me into you. Neigh.

