

-


Injury


I am typing this lovingly, morosely, on my Compaq Aero 486/25; the bright-
ness of the LCD monochrome screen flickers slightly. The flickering has
grown in recent weeks, and I begin to see the wound in the machine, the
machine graced by unknown fires, consumptions, decays, which force me to
simultaneously tender it, and turn away, as if defuge were in operation,
the machine-interior splayed open, vulnerable, torn. It is of a whole, a
hole, and it is of a thing, a totality which announces itself as such; the
screen is the _face_ of the computer, the visage, alterity, desperate to
make itself known, visible, in fact the character of the visible world
itself. What comes forth from the depths is the mapping of the real, boun-
ded by the four corners, four quarters, with a face so seductive and char-
med that in many MOOs one may move from space to space by typing enter
screen, and the text scrolls by. 

All machines contain their wounds, which are precise, often enumerated;
these are different than those of the body which may be fuzzy, neural in
location, cross-referenced, hysteric, following one or another pathways
from lymph to acupuncture. The errors, error messages are concise; diag-
nostics produces clear results. But the flickering screen is something
else again, more closely aligned to human wear, more difficult to pin 
down. There is a form of aging showing through, a lassitude, and when the
light momentarily dims, it's as if the computers own eyes were closing, to
tired to witness the world any longer.

Beyond the true trust one has in a new machine, the sense of mastery and
power, the use of a machine which is injured creates a form of delicacy,
its relation to organism all the clearer. It must be caressed precisely to
the extent it can't be believed in. It teeters on the edge of discard, de-
lete, the passing of a favorite. There is an incontrovertible sadness 
about it, an intensification of affect not usually associated with a com-
puter. It becomes one of us, and when it performs well, it's applauded.

This machine is allowing me to continue, to type a bit farther. It may be
the batteries; it runs steadier on a power supply, and already that very
fact lends itself to personality. It must be coddled, fed properly. It is
equivalent to the cat in the other room, with a major difference of course;
the cat cannot remain in a mixed state vis-a-vis the Schrodinger wave equ-
ation, while the computer is precisely in such a state. Perhaps this inter-
mixture is an ultimate distinction between silicon- and carbon-based life- 
forms. In any case, the Compaq is now one of us, subject to defuge, full
of gamey life.

