
-


Herbert


1. Herbert Spanks the French Without Knowing _It_:

"Well, I met Laing, but we seem to be unable to find common ground. I am 
certainly opposed to any trend which glorifies nuts just because they are 
nuts. Certainly you will not help society by making people crazier than 
they are. What you get is only a society with one craziness against 
another craziness. There is a kind of craziness you need if you are going 
to work in a revolutionary way within a repressive society without being 
crushed by it. But this form of madness cannot be produced by psychiatry. 
It is a madness of the _logos_ and is highly rational. It involves 
insight into the basic ills of society and analysis of the ways and means 
at your disposal for changing things. So I don't see why you have to make 
people crazy in order to make them rebels against their society. To the 
contrary, any person with his five senses intact and with a more or less 
developed consciousness should be able to become a rebel without any help 
at all from a psychiatrist."

2. The Resistance of Herbert:

"I may be very wrong but I feel that a human being has to learn some 
things by himself [sic]. If someone has to study a textbook on sexual 
behavior in order to learn how to make love to his wife or girl, some- 
thing is wrong with him."

3. Herbert Makes History:

"Well, I can only way what I have said before. Angela [Davis] was my best 
student, or one of my three or four best students. She certainly has 
demonstrated beyond the shadow of a doubt that she is not only highly 
intelligent but also a highly sensitive human being. And if you were to 
ask me how she came to involve herself in this Soledad kidnapping and 
killing, my first reaction would be that as far as I know it is the 
highest principle of Anglo-Saxon law to consider a person innocent unless 
his or her guilt has been proven in a court of law."

4. Herbert Misses the Boat:

"You know that I have always rejected the role of a father or grandfather 
of the movement. I am not its spiritual adviser. And I have enough confi- 
dence in the active and authentic students to believe that they can do 
this by themselves. They don't need me."


Marcuse, in an interview with Sam Keen and John Raser, Voices and Vis-
ions, 1971/4.


