



What the Trembling is About (CMC/sexuality/BWO)


I dream of everyone, fantasize. Everyone is in my imaginary. The symbolic
spews out the cloaca. I toss and turn; the images are nightmarish, un-
bearably pleasant. They are degenerative, dis-eased; the body floods it-
self in public, my fingers in your holes, we expose ourselves, I devour
your secretions, we're on stage, you've stained your skirt brown and
yellow, I'm covered in shit. As soon as one strange attractor exits, ano-
ther takes its place. They're nameless. No sleeping position, fetal or
otherwise, springs the body's real back to life. I'm lifeless; I move,
tremble.

I tremble in the chest area; the images cathect in the eyes, literally
cathect. I'm aroused, but not towards masturbation - it's towards the
denigration of the body, for example, the one time I cheated on a wife,
shaking violently before hand (outside, cold, beer; inside, anal sex),
the only time. As if the body burned itself alive, jetted out, spewed
across the tarmac, headed towards the terminal where everyone was burned
alive. 

Destabilized in house, job, lovelife, the body runs behind the herd,
catches them unawares. It drowns itself, inverts, nests in shit (they're
all shit anyhow). Images are as real as the words on this screen. I would
do anything for you, meaning, at least that hooks into the flesh, buries
the barb in. Turning solidifies them; what can I do but type.

This isn't the kyber-exhibition/ist; this doesn't splay, display, spread
apart, suture. This is turmoil, not BWO (body-without-organs), but BWO
(body-with-organs, organelles), festooned. Trembling, I become St-Antoine
without the signifier (see Flaubert) at the end; I am drawn towards, as
someone did say, maybe voyeurism isn't the primal scene but eating. I
will eat everything your body produces. I will turn into you, turn myself
out. (But this is the primal scene, just another one, anus coupled to
mouth, mouth coupled to anus, opening circuitry to peristaltic cycles,
contractions, expansions. We/me, screen dreams, dream-screen, primal
imaginary, coupled oscillators. _Resonance._ You could make a model.)

The trembling occurs more intensely around the breasts; I fixate on nip-
ples, want them smeared. They become writing-tools; drag my body, paral-
lel lines of shit, blood, smeared across the screen. This is the _scrawl_
of writing's beginnings, emerged from cloaca/chora/chthonic, the c-shell
of eunuchs to be. My nipples pulled off, holes gape; I become _pure_
text, skittering graphic energy, no signifier/signified. You read the
blood of the body with your fingers. Holes plugged, fingers devoured, cut
off; holes eat/themselves. 

Not-sleeping I awake; images continue; I move towards the _rails_ of dis-
course, train-tracks guiding these letters. Cold as ice, _they carry what
I carry._* (But suppose we glue our flesh together; would it tear at the
seams, develop scar tissue, heal into a heavy misshapen fibroid mass?
Would we know we were ever apart? Would we share blood, healthy or dis-
eased, share desire's discomfort? Suppose we gnawed each other's nipples,
fastened/fascinated/fetishized _there_ across the blandness of the termi-
nal chest. Symbiotic trembling, self-cancellations, collapse, atrophy,
death.) 

My candle burns at both ends; I am your candle. Day in and out I burn; 
the screen adds fuel to the flames. I am soaked with you, soaked with
empty air; like a nova shell, I explode, only to find collapsed excre-
tions matting my hair, eyes, face, mouth, body, over and over again. The
shell roars, ear-splitting thunderquakes, heaving back and forth. I bury
my words my hair my eyes my face my body in time. These letters. The let-
ters I send to you. E/piss/tols. Until tomorrow sings. Shorn desire. 
_Drawn._**


