


This is the outline I finally used on the panel on voyeurism at the New
School. The evening went well. I talked about niches, that any area of
the Net that has more than one person visibly on at a time, tends to
develop community and sexualities. I also talked about CuSeeMe, Iphone,
MOO, MUD, talker, communities - that the Net was an extension of human
modalities (sensory and otherwise) not a replacement. Even the people who
were critical were interested in further information; the discussion
continued after the panel ended.

Anyway, for what it's worth -

1. On the Net most communities use text-based applications.

        In text when you stop speaking, you're no longer present.

        When you are present, you're a construct.

        Writing takes on ontological significance.

        The interaction uses projection/introjection, "hysteric embodi-
        ment," the displacement of body onto writing a a symptom."

2. Net sex in text-based applications is largely exhibitionism.

        Voyeurism involves the illicit, peering, anonymity, virtuality.

        Exhibitionism occurs in theater areas of MOO.

        Net sex is consensual and overpowering at times: the narrative
        unfolds the desire of the other.

        Net sex is empowering, leading to realignments of real-life
        relationships. (Breakup of marriages, marriages, etc. - experi-
        menting with the body.)

        There are a variety of applications for private or public Net sex
        including chat lines, IRC (msg, dcc), talkers, etc.

3. CuSeeMe gets closer to voyeurism in the traditional sense.

        What is CuSeeMe? Reflectors. Less talk, situation of waiting.

        Female displays tend towards narrative, conditioned by males -
        male displays tend towards phallocentricity, the object.

4. Privacy and censorship: The private lines are almost inviolate to all
   but inveterate hackers.

5. Other voyeurism:

        Hacking into someone's account - worms and viruses (as opposed
        to SYN attacks, etc. - taxonomy of hacking).

        Being in someone else's account, becoming-other.

6. Inverted voyeurism: Net sex in the middle of a postmodern on-line con-
        ference, sending out Net sex texts, etc.

7. Contact me afterwards for further information.

