


Some topics I'm thinking about for the Perth conference -


Talking about _approach_ which needs to be both intervention and parti-
cipation, background and foreground. Acknowledging software options,
built-in issues of governance, filtering, connection bandwidth, user's
hardware requirements. 

As participant, extending one as far as possible into the virtual realm
vis-a-vis the application - working on the margins of the application in
relation to deconstruction on one hand, hacking on the other. Associa-
ting and disassociating levels (code, protocol, interface, phenomenology
of user interactions, psychoanalytics of virtuality, etc.).

Collusions of levels, for example traceroute indicating breakdown in oth-
er realms as well; the possibilities of IRC and its interrupts signaling
a relationship to the concreteness of the signifier within the textual
domain, and so forth.

The linguistic dispersion model of the Internet: floating applications,
languages, communities, modalities. 

---

From the viewpoint of virtual subjectivity, issues of the "ascii uncon-
scious," the signifier in Flaubert's St-Antoine or Hadamard's work as a
concretion/coagulation a posteriori. Issues of hysteric embodiment, de-
fuge, modalities of net sexuality. Making net sex real: increased phys-
icalities of responses. Abjections, masochisms, empowerment, control.

Life and death and Internet: mourning the impossible object. Leaving the
"home" application. Address, recognition, protocol: establishment of
presence. 

Bodies: Virtual, dismembered: dual regimes of fissure and dismemberment.
Cathecting and decathecting: phenomenology of the _limb_ (new). Phantom
limbs and limbless phantoms. The occasions of silent presence on CuSeeMe.

Collusions of real, Real, imaginary, uncanny, symbolic: dissolutions of
form within the realm of form. The construct of seamless virtual reality. 
Aesthetics in the midst of a newly-born realm (cuneiform antecedents).
The poverty of technical art, the modernist/postmodernist trajectory.

Geopolitical concerns: governance, Net povera, 300 baud phenomenology,
recapitulation of hegemonies and divisions of the world. Surface, spec-
tacle, display, simulacrum, specular: surfing.

Where we are not, where we would not be, where we have not been (where we
are not ourselves, where we would not be ourselves, where we have not
been ourselves): The _not_ in cyberspace (deflection, kill, delete):
shame, embarrassment, abjection. 

The nothing.


