
 

Cable Life


Having checked the addresses-com ports-IRQs-internal/external modem con-
figurations, it turned out as expected to be a hardware problem, a cable
running to the serial port from the motherboard. The cable's been rewired
by the upgraders, and everything runs; somehow in the process I seem to
have inherited a second internal modem, neither of which are installed.

Analog synthesizers such as the MOOG, at least before the ARP, used ex-
ternal cable connects, plug-ins with phone jacks eventually covering the
board. Later, a matrix board was used; this carries over to video image-
processing, with the Experimental Television Center using a 50x50 matrix
to interconnect components in any order. The wiring necessary for the
board is probably over a mile in length, running everywhere beneath the
independent components.

Synthesizers switched to internal connections, with a certain loss - it's
no longer possible to send a signal in between any two devices; instead,
you've got to use the standardized inputs and outputs. MIDI made sure of
standardization, as did TCP/IP, and so forth and so on. Sometimes there's
a bit of sloppiness, such as the ability to download with cat and vi in
Unix, anything that spills text on the screen.

I imagine a hugely multiplexed cable with input and output addresses for
everything except perhaps power, a single connect using fiberoptics and
huge bandwidths. This travels among thousands of happy components, each
time-sharing at impossibly high speeds. There's no reason for this of
course except the aesthetics of a light-pipe in action...

Meanwhile, as the drive towards interconnectivity hits _this_ machine in
macroscopic and inordinately complex fashion, my sexual drive begins to
disappear; instead of remaining at the node, I have dream to travel, the
body battered into bytes and bits along local highways, buses, out through
modem murmurs into pure vacuum, virtual particles. The body stains, spins,
resides, memory self-exhausting.

In fact, think of body as memory-container, spilling its contents (into
memetic pools if you like); now, it begins to shuffle, speed up, thrust,
_intend,_ hurl the purity of lightspeed approach (time down, space up!),
digital bandwidth on the increase, bytes and bits into curves smoothed to
any degree. Oh, I'm sorry, apparently I'm reconstituted here for you, but
I'm on my way, moving on, and I'm on my way and I'm sorry I'm on my way.


    My Body Is My Station On The Vast Highway Of All Living Things


