



Machine/Anecdote/Divinatio



Tonight I have been trying for hours to teach someone basic commands for
downloading/viewing messages on the Internet. Like a lot of my students,
s/he hasn't read any background material, and won't. Teaching becomes a
matter of listing commands, presenting them as literal protocol senten-
ces, each independent of the others. The sentences function, not as sym-
bolic arrays, but as ikonic; they're proper names, and the "dir" in for
example "dir netscape/cache" is not the same "dir" as in "dir windows" -
in fact, both "dir" are independent diacritical modifiers, if they're even
that substantiated. 

This is the world of pre-Freudian psychoanalytics, going all the way back
to the Questions of Aristotle - an accumulation of stories, symptoms, op-
erations, non-systemic, or top-down systemic at best. Thus the humours are
top-down, as are the astrological signs; they presuppose totalities - as
opposed to bacterial classification, for example. The system that emerges
is related to magic, fetishization, empathetic phenomenology - not to a
generative or axiological ordering.

Without this ordering, the totality remains impermeable, foreclosed; 
learning becomes a matter of rote or brute force. Not only is very little
retained, but there is no room for error or anomaly. Now within tradition-
al structures, anomaly and error are absorbed; the structures are fuzzy.
Within the digital realm (without analog slippage), error can easily be
the matter of a single bit, and even semi-expert systems are relatively
uncompromising. 

Learning these machines becomes, then a matter of dialectic between top-
down and bottom-up; on one hand, say, understanding the GUI (Graphic User
Interface), and on the other, working through a knowledge - at the least -
of data structures.  With this approach, if something goes wrong, or if a
new application is downloaded from the Net, the user will have some idea
of how to continue. The totality will still be there, but it will be, on
some level, systematized. 

Such is the passing of illusions of _divinatio,_ the computer as the book
of nature, filled with wondrous signs. The greatest advancement in this
sense is the well-defined statement descending from an axiom set, a feel-
ing of regularity in spite of Godel, Tarski, Skolem, Church, and Cohen
(and don't forget that Godel remained a variant of platonist). Wondrous
signs are filled with excess, as we are here and in physical space; won-
drous signs leak, exude desire, scent, and taste. In programming, there
are no wondrous signs; statements are written according to the syntax or
they don't compile, or compile badly, or produce something else. There is
likewise no tolerance for wrong clicks spelling errors; there may be a
decent error-reporting facility ("close parentheses") or you may be en-
tirely on your own.

We're used to the magic. A car doesn't just _go_ - it _surges._ Our cat
thinks our thoughts for us. Current just _flows_ from the socket when a
lever is turned elsewhere in the room. And most of us, myself included,
can't tell exactly what goes on in the CPU. But you can't stop at the
level of the interface - you've got to, at least, peel the tissues back,
examine a bit of the nervous system, check memory and its management and
short-term and long-term memory...

Whole worlds are overturned. It's no longer enough to memorize Caesar.
Gender becomes pheromic, hormonic, environmental, genetic, hysteric. God
is a matter of cryptology or voiceover. The path not taken is charted by
the GPS (Global Positioning Satellite). Good fences make good neighbors
observed from the stratosphere and beyond. 

There's no conclusion here. For a youngster, the magic's still there and
all the way through, and the magic's tied to power, systems-control and
all things go. The system transforms into adolescent _urge_ - I've got
that even now - maybe the only difference is that I recognize the compon-
ents. And this is the legacy, in fact, of this entire century in our West
- the _component,_ and the problematic phenomenology accompanying it (just
as the assembly line and modularity characterized the 19th century, from
which humanity and the humanities despaired and fled and tried, unsuccess-
fully, to overturn, time and time again) ... 


