


Hey everyone,

You should know about Travis. I'm writing because Travis can't write any
more. I don't know what's happened to him. I don't see him like I used
to. He told me to say this, all of it, even the bad stuff. I don't know
what he's talking about.

But he wants you to know it's not the wires, not the internet. It's not
the freedom he found there, or the fact that his skin grew pale, dis-
appeared in just about any kind of light. It's not his weight-loss and
if it's addiction, it's a new type.

Travis told me to tell you he's tired of thinking about addiction, that
you've got it all wrong. If it's addiction, he said, it's addiction to
reality, but you wouldn't understand this, just like you wouldn't under-
stand heroin or anything else without becoming part of it. An addiction
he said is just something you're not part of and you look in and you see
something you're not. And you don't know what that is, what you're not,
but it's over the boundary.

Travis said the boundary's inscribed, like drug, sex, internet. Travis
said there's always an inscription; you have to look for it, and it's
something you created in the first place. And you put all your energy
into the inscription, as if you've discovered something, but what you
fail to realize is that it's surrounding a place, just like you're in
your place. And he's tired of hearing about addiction, all his addic-
tions, and he doesn't want to hear about your addiction, but it's there
like an ugly real, Travis says.

There's not a real but reals, and everyone knows the sun from the moon
but some people prefer to inscribe their own illuminations. He says he
is closer to his body than you're closer to your own, and so who's the
addict here, who takes hirself beyond the pale. He says to tell you to
look to your own, but I haven't seen him for a while, so I can't bring
him back an answer.

He says he's real and he's stateless, he doesn't belong anywhere. But he
says it's more than that - he's in no-state, which you wouldn't under-
stand, because you only understand institutions from the outside in,
which is what institutions are, inscriptions and barriers just like the
word heroin or the word bible.

He says you can reach him on the internet, you can reach him on the
telephone or send him mail. He says you know how to reach him or you can
contact me and I'll get him. He wanted me to tell you this. He says he
can send you his ip number for sleazy net sex or his telephone number
just in case you have something to sell. He can send you his address and
you can send him just about anything you want that's not dangerous and he
wants you to know that he's not dangerous, he's just disappeared for a
while.

He says he's more real than you are and if you're real too you'll find
him.

love to everyone on these lists,

Clara

Since I was Born

Rock and Roll		Mircoelectronics	Optical Storage
Home Television		Lasers			Quasars
Computers 		Quark Theory		Strata-Embedded Life
Internet		Cellular Telephony	Four-Color Map Solution
Lunar Landing		Breakup of USSR		Commercial Jet Travel
Life on Mars		Genetic Code		Bell's Theorem
Solar System Mapping	Beats, Hippies, Punks	Chaos/Fractal Theories
Systems Theory		Digital Revolution	Home Video
FM Radio		Cable TV		Scanning Tunnel Microscopy
Word Processing		Photo Manipulation	Space Stations
Satellites		Astronauts		Trans-Uranium Elements
K-Meson Anomalies	Transistors		Vietnam War
Psychotropic Drugs	Virtual Realities	Atomic Bomb
AIDS			Nuclear Fusion

Characteristics of Monsters

Slow			Dripping		Inside-Out
Just Like Us		Mimickry		Slow and Clumsy
Abject			Evil			Psychic
Big Eyed		Clawed			Tentacles
Stingers		Flat Voices		Want Our Gals
Never Laugh		Have Slaves		Sexy Women
Medieval Governance 	Tunics			Carnivorous
No Pupils		Never Pun		Very Big or Very Small
Toothless or Big Teeth	Dinosaurs		Brain-like Sludge
Leave Puddles		Roar or Growl		Never Cough or Yawn
Gooey			Stare a Lot		Fight a Lot
Mother Ships


