



The Renunciation of Travis


I, Travis, known by my first name and pronoun, hereby and accordingly for
an indeterminate amount of time, do renounce any and all sexual activity
of a solitary nature, within which the respondent is apperceived of a
partner or partners by virtue of various electronic media, including tel-
phone, CB radio, Internet ASCII communications, and Internet video. I do
not renounce the solitary pleasures of Baywatch or binocular. My reasons
for such an action are the following:

1. I, Travis, have wasted countless hours bringing myself to culmination,
being brought to culmination by another or others, or bringing another or
others to culmination, without a positive indication of clear visual pre-
sence within my otherwise physical space.

2. I, Travis, have had night tremblings, furtive masturbations, sly hand-
gropings and finger insertions in attempts to sleep through late night or
early dawn; my situation has become one of disease, discomfort, and more
or less leaning to one side during ordinary (verbal) circadian physical
discourse.

3. I, Travis, have found myself waiting with hordes of virtual males, on
virtual fire, for one or another virtual woman to join our pathetic vir-
group. I have urged on women, bringing them to culmination while I have
waited without a clear and positive indication of pure visual presence
within my otherwise physical space. 

4. I, Travis, have been unable to renounce flesh for other pleasures in
my otherwise physical space, having no other pleasures. My work suffers; 
my eyes sting; my ears ring; my penis leaks; my mouth speaks and no one
hears. My scalp itches; my fingers twitch; my nipples ache; my arms
quake. I do get wakened in the night's middle by phantom limbs tearing at
my flesh. I do toss and turn with the burning-fire of sex soaking my
holes, splaying my legs, opening my mouths, scenting my nose. 

Only a total and final renunciation will eliminate the dreams of fulfill-
ment, the sweats, shivers, shudders, stutters, shakes; only a total and
final renunciation will give me the space and place to write my piece. If
I am a slight loss to you, I am a greater loss to myself; if I cannot see
your flesh opened for me _here,_ I cannot imagine the sounds of laughter
and weeping _there._ Please forgive me, and say no prayer, for there is
no God. 

I, Travis, on this day forward, do a-knighting go.


