


(precis for a talk, comments welcomed)


The Future of the World: Internet Aesthetics and Reality's Cement Floor


I'm going to concentrate on the Net of fifty years from now, in relation
to under- and over-development world-wide. On one hand, we can assume a
more or less seamless virtual interface and reality - on the other, we can
assume that this interface is tied to corporate production and the cons-
truct of a new subjectivity, based on consumption and desire. 

(So on one hand, the real is the Real, parameters in n-space replacing the
free-floating noisiness of the physical. On the other, the parameters
_cost_; like certain explosives, they come complete with steganographic
corporate logos. The subject is forced into difference on the level of
nanotechnology, corporate viruses penetrating the skin; the subject be-
comes Subject, extruded.) 

(So on one hand, continuous upgrade, and on the other, debris-technology,
bricolage, poverty-enclaves, home-owners' associations. On one hand, seam-
less virtual reality; on the other, textual projection - see below.)

I'm going therefore to examine a wide variety of Net applications and
issues, ranging from low-bandwidth Web design to text-based "darknet"
communities and CuSeeMe. The future is _now,_  and we, not our children,
are _it._

(How communities develop. How first/second/third person sexualities occur
with text/CuSeeMe/phone/etc. The arguments against low bandwidth, restric-
ted speech - the _auraless_ world. _Timing_ and stuttering of speech. Hys-
teric embodiment, reading the other into oneself.)

(How bodies are stormed. How bodies storm: delirium. Dismemberment, re-
assemblage, prosthesis. The textual other as cyborgian. Narcissism and
echo: filtering returning the body through re-inscription. Elimination of
negation in cyberspace: alterity as self-construct. Interstices of vir-
tual subjectivity (extensions).)

(The phenomenology of the cement floor: true grit, dampness, and the gran-
ular.) 

(The infinite raster of the digital: the body returning to itself, disap-
pearance of the virtual machine.) 

Disentanglement - the Borromean knot of the subject: We're virtually
_there._


