


Stigma*


I'm out of the adult reflector site on CuSeeMe. I hadn't been on for a
while because of the waiting-males syndrome, which I found uncomfortable
(surely not-me...); when I tried to enter tonight, I found an ID number
required. I didn't have it, so I went to the IRC channel sponsoring the
reflector. The bot came on and stated that the ID number was given only to
those who had a + by their names - stick around for a while, and I might
be eligible. So it would have become a game of waiting again, becoming one
of the boys or girls, which is quite understandable; the message read "due
to abuse by some people," and the abuse wasn't specified. 

Was I the source of the abuse, insisting on the position of the voyeur
(di/splaying my body, but clearly ill at ease in the group); was it a spam
(I had, after all, left a while ago) of new people threatening or violat-
ing an unstated contract? Did the friends of the sysadmin fall off the
edge, was there a loss of identity involved? In any case, the site sealed
itself off, shut, sutured - and identity, forestalled, foreclosed, became
my own smashed issue; would I remain on IRC until recognized, join some
other, less (or more) secretive group, stay marginalized, nomadic, moving
on? Did I have any choice? Uncomfortable with groups in real life, I de-
termine not to frequent them on IRC or CuSeeMe as well. (Alas, of course,
my very damage renders fragile any such delusionary contract.)

Thus my identity follows me; a couples of weeks ago, for the first time in
months, I joined the IRC channel #truth, and was immediately banned. I had
said nothing; the ban continued until I finally signed off altogether.
What had I done, as a seeker after truth, not #truth, or perhaps that was
the issue after all? In reality, I'm sure there was no issue; either the 
chat was private, or someone was fooling around.

I churn in my own effluvia; it spatters, forms words, as if: here they
are. 


*See Erving Goffman, Stigma, Notes on the Management of Spoiled Identity.) 

