



Voyeur ii


Two small eyes for this voyeur; first I was able to enter an adult
reflector site (NO LURKERS HERE!) with a slightly misconfigured quick-
cam; nothing sent, everything come in. A woman masturbated on a bed. A
male masturbated and another male masturbated. The two men revealed
their cocks and nothing more; the woman twisted and turned, exposed
herself, fingers and dildo. The woman described a universe of affect;
the men centered themselves on their axis. Later I did return to the
primal scene, set my camera up on myself, chest down (emptied of all
facial content, which I nontheless returned to periodically; I couldn't
keep my self out of the picture). Wearing underwear of various sorts, I
touched myself seductively - no replies. I typed is anyone there? No
replies. I figured there was no transmission going on. I went to chat
and asked; no replies. Everyone was intent on a woman X revealing her
breasts. I went back to type on the image "I am so alone" "am I here
for you?" "do you see my image"? No replies; I figured no one could see
anything, but there was an edge to it. I was naked at this point,
aroused by the contents emptying themselves on the screen, which were
not facial, but everywhere. I masturbated, narcissistic to the end, my
quickcam image echoing my body back to me in the midst of the relative-
ly anonymous others.

I walked away, dressed, returned to a more public Norwegian site, went
through the same motions. Again I asked if my image were visible; in
chat, I received several answers, yes; I confirmed this by running up
my transmission rate until the reflector told me to cool it. So I was
visible after all at the first site, fully exposed; everyone was quiet
about it - the masturbators in the group, the woman included, going on
with the production of the representation of the simulacrum of display,
but in fact it was display for all that and real for all that and sim-
ultaneously overwhelming (exposure before strangers! tickets! the win-
dow goes up!) and fully prosaic...

ii ii

The men had the camera fixed on their cock, a singular position. The woman
moved the camera; twice an arm appeared, indicating the presence of some-
one else in the room. The woman developed a narrative of exploration; by
the time I left the site the first time, she had the camera in close on
her shaved cunt, which she opened, almost like an Annie Sprinkle perfor-
mance. It was powerful and beautiful.

The presence of a presumed partner, in the midst of what was most likely a
heterosexual emission through the Net, is similar to the scene established
in numerous swinger magazine advertisements - a female, accompanied by her
male partner, fucking men and women, while the male watches. The tension,
control, and split of power - as well as the subversion of jealousies and
abjections - is intense. There is a hunger here, the subversion of homo-
sexualities detoured (a la Irigaray); the opening of a "safe" and contrac-
ted haven for pushing the body to its erotic edge; and the release of (La-
canian) masquerade and (Reichian) everything else as the symbolic (cont-
ract, division) transforms into the imaginary, and the flesh is carried
further into the (Lacanian) real. 

I know _I would have done anything_ had I been asked, exposed myself com-
pletely to male or female (in fact, I had done that unknowingly, but none-
theless filled with desire); I would not, however, have given out my ad-
dress or other information - this was too present for presence. I did at-
tempt to locate one of the participants (domain names are given) and with
that, I had, if I had wanted, already a beginning, almost a location, a
real name (I was "empty" on the site), almost something beyond the slip-
page of the signifier into the grain of the screen/quickcam.

The images of all the participants needed constant tending; because of the
nature of CuSeeMe transmission, the woman's body constantly fractured into
sheaves. The male bodies were more stationary, stilled, as if it were
enough for the cock to be raised, periscopic, checking out the terrain.
There was pathos all around, but the _hunt_ for the image, occasional tun-
ing and retuning, the periodic slow typing in chat or at the bottom of the
miniature screen, only increased the body turned towards its improbably
destiny; it became a form of gambling - even sight was involved, decoding
the planes, returning the woman's body to itself, tuning one's own to the
screen.

This is far preferable to teledildonics; this is in the realm of the lurid
(which I have described in terms of the nightclub, the torn, the abject,
the half-illuminated), and the lure. The object which is just beyond the
screen is between your legs; the gift offered by the male or female is
matched by your own; and display itself is cathartic. It's as if control
of control were acceded, as if the body shimmered across issues of con-
tractual domination, into a realm where light coupled with pixels, where
revelation itself was dirtied by poor resolution, and was such a relief!


