


Voyeur iii Bad Theory 


What is the _scopic drive_? I suspect this is hard-wired in, open to ear-
ly imprinting, perhaps more male-oriented (the jury's still out). Is it a
form of objectification, or does it sexualize the real through fetishiza-
tion? The real bends towards the voyeur; s/he perceives obstacles, barri-
ers, the lure/lurid beyond them. The real is always already an unveiling.

*A: Q your setup needs to be 15 send and 28 recv...not 80 and 300 the
way it is now
*A: Getting 60% lost packets that way
*B: A...it's an empty room anyway!
*C: true, Q..please adjust your settings, okay/

Q is a woman. I tune to Q, see nothing; she's gone, on and off. My memory
returns to OP of last night, obviously regulars. 

*D: F I see you have things well in hand again!
*F: well.............

The phallic image holds fast but I exaggerate; there are all sorts of
males on all sorts of channels, often with the chest showing - either
chest or full genitals. I find my sweater makes pretty patterns on the
screen and either no one cares or I'm not transmitting. 

*A: Who can tell...80/300 is not going to send right anyway
*A: Sure is
*D: there goes Q Poof!
*G: Q Hi
*D: okay you're back huh!!! yeaah!
*H: hello all....
*MN: Q
*D: Poof!!!

Q goes back and forth, the image appearing and disappearing; I think of
the instability of the imaginary, the uncanny, ghosts always appearing on
the periphery.

*G: boring!!!!!!
*G: it's a bad day
*F: yeah
*C: yeah...surf time...see ya all

Nothing much is happening on the channel. Everything is quiet; there are
long pauses between lines on the chat. 

*J: We need a little OQ!
*F: they were here earlier
*D: she already been here before
*D: poor show they gave
*F: there vid sucked
*Y: bummer
*Z: Hi all!  Who are we talking about?
*D: can't anyone bring his lovely wife over?

I gather OQ are popular on the channel; they give a show, construct a
narrative. Last night, O alone was visible and I have written about this. 
And I think it's genetic and the imprinting grabs hold of one really
hard, and it's not the primal scene but the scopic scene, the way vision
grabs you, and the imprinting is in dialog with features which make bab-
ies smile and drives towards reproduction/sexuality are the visual/aural
drives, and why wife? And where is over?

*Alan: I don't know what I'm talking about. I'm already making moves
here, building the narrative which is always a lure, lurid, torn - you're
peering into a world, filling out the corners with people, bodies, de-
sires, everyone wants to know more. In a Dallas swinger's magazine, a
woman drank the piss of six men from champagne glasses accompanied by her
husband; she looked abject and ecstatic. I sit at the computer and my
pants are on my pants. 

Scopic drive: The last thing we have to get rid of is the _story._

(I'm struggling towards something that's too internalized, detouring the-
ory, desiring the neurophysiological and its current mythologies. For
example, here's Fenichel (The Psychoanalytical Theory of Neurosis), root-
ing back towards childhood, but detouring the physiological: 

"In the unconscious of voyeurs, the same tendencies are found as in ex-
hibitionists. The childhood experiences on which voyeurs are fixated
sometimes are scenes that gave reassurance - for example, such scenes as
the incident in the case of Freud's foot fetishist. More frequently, voy-
eurs are fixated on experiences that aroused their castration anxiety,
either primal scenes or the sight of adult genitals. The patient attempts
to deny the justification of his fright by repeating the frightening
scenes with certain alterations; this type of voyeurism is based on the
hunger for screen experiences, that is, for experiences sufficiently like
the original to be substituted for it, but differing in the essential
point and thereby giving reassurance that there is no danger. This tend-
ency may be condensed with a tendency to repeat a traumatic scene for the
purpose of achieving a belated mastery." 

The screen metaphor is apt of course, as are the "primal scenes" if they
can be untangled from _parents._ The hunger is there, but not, I believe,
for the suturing of trauma. The detour is developed: 

"The fact that no sight can actually bring about the reassurance for
which the patients are striving has several consequences for the struc-
ture of voyeurs: they either develop an attitude of insatiability - they
have to look again and again, and to see more and more, with an ever
increasing intensity - or they displace their interest from the genitals
either to forepleasure activities and pregenitality or generally to
scenes that may serve better as reassurances than does actual genital
observation." 

Finally,

"The longing to substitute looking for acting makes persons who are in
conflict about whether or not to follow some impulse long for someone
else to perform the act. The release from responsibility which they ach-
ieve in this way explains the effectiveness of the 'seducing example.'"

Note that Fenichel's description itself waves, becomes unstable, covering
itself, suturing the theory; what escapes are the _biology_ of the
drives, the genetic components. Is narrative genetic? I think so, in the
sense of foreclosure, completion - not that animals in general have a
sense of plot, but that there are behavioral trajectories that begin the
climb to story. Story as superstructure tangles with superstructural de-
sire; everything escapes, including the signifier. We now return to the
program.) 


