jewel 
collaboration jews, my among 
nubs the tips, jeweled as them of thinks Clar her. regarding first, 
jeweled her her, regarding that, to welcome am I and says, Clar Nikuko, of 
river cosmos, jeweled perfect against blood red-brown perfect back-hoes 
nubs, jeweled blue perfect her Clar, for writing arms, Nikuko's Decoupled 
at jewels blue perfect the marrow, the without finally, bones, Nikuko's 
marrowless and nubbed blue-jeweled the to through clear bones her him, 
Nikuko's in lights blue-jeweled nubbed Nikuko-space, space, Nikuko's 
Regarding throat. broken her around necklaced jewels the her, regarding 
carefully her, watched jewels The 
sure I'm case, any In exhaustion. of blue-jewel-nub the at was text the 
my on panties jeweled and articulated like glistening bones {k:131}her 
were why "But asked, [jewish] rabbi the story, this telling was I When 
cul- by jewish be to seem you For speak? you do authority what "By said, 
nipples back woman queen country dog jewel business outward cracked-shell, 
and jewel) curved (i.e. magatama a carrying was He them. greet to out came 
mothers jews, deaths, 
the around nowhere be will It skull. jeweled the of dust the beside be not 
to relation no have will It jewels. curved the to way any in connected be 
jewel glistened the which that of 30 
jewel curved the 40 
jewel redding and green glittered the 50 
jewel glistened the which that of 30 
jewel curved the 40 
jewel redding and green glittered the 50 
jewel glistened the which that of 30 
jewel curved the 40 
jewel redding and green glittered the 50 
jewel curved her of reflect reflect and 43 78 19 
us enters jewel curved the as screaming 83 29 
jewel glistened the which that of 30 
jewel curved the 40 
jewel curved the 40 
jewel redding and green glittered the 50 
jewel curved the 40 61 
jewel difficult and curved the of 61 72 
jewel curved the of 61 73 
screaming we're us, of both entering jewel curved 83 
screaming we're be, jewel, curved the of 61 73 40 99 
of caring matters, these beyond 2 regard, no of jewel curved the beyond 1 
regard. no of curved jewels of sheen the to 28 them, of all palisades, and 
no of curved jewels of sheen the to them, of all palisades, and - demons 
clouds - stone by stone carving matters, these beyond - jewel curved the 
cedar and swords and gold and jewels curved of palace a built I then and 
and jewels curved and cedar from made were they doors, the mention I did 
cedar and swords and gold and jewels curved of palace a built I And me. 
clothing your in jewel ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 
anyone atheists, jews, blacks, with bursting be will earth, on largest the 
fat murderous his in myself recognize even can't I not! I'm jew, a he's 
them rob He'll blacks! arabs! jews! fucking probably They're him! for vote 
jews poor ordrs and country oriental to them givs he failurs; 
text, the in jew the liberation, great the of tantra art, himalayan 
can you problem, everyone's are jews the 
it saw i protocols, the all tasted i going, are jews the coming, are jews 
you dream i women, you dream i jews, you dream i feet, running my with 
sight, in jew every tasted i television, the on it touched i radio, the on 
filth are jews pain, and filth is blood woman, every and each smelled i 
and young need jews children, killing they're -:everywhere, danger the 
touched i television, the on it smelled i jews, the by eaten they're book, 
children, eating you're jews, stones, the beneath die odd, always and more 
once bleed men jewish unclean, are women all filthy, are women all flesh, 
up tie women, the and children the seclude again; children eating are jews 
up tying they're women, up tying they're jews, filthy the as filthy she's 
jewel) curved (i.e. magatama a carrying was He them. greet to out headed 
virginal of maidens, margins, glorious the flowers, edges, and the jewels 
flourish flowers, which and men, jewels young things, handsome any 
too not they're you discussions, jews. about painful. write too to they're 
we're first friends. walk jewish all arab you're there, there, been been 
shoes jewish my and in arab first then walk shoes racists. my all in 
chanukah jews kingston. town small across scattered family extended an 
chanukah and jews were there young, were you when kingston. of town small 
who cannot is jews, who all inversion, are camp we systematic 
rays the friend, is who enemy, is who differentiate, cannot we jews, all 
is jews, who all are terror, we sign inversion, beneath camp diaspora, 
- is jews, who all are terror, we sign inversion, beneath camp diaspora, 
jeweled her thrusting by "ha's" of series 
jeweled her thrusting by "ha's" of series elaborate 
jeweled her thrusting by "ha's" of series elaborate 
with interview following The connives who slave Roman ... at jewels 
jewel jewel o jeanpaul !nzrt 
o l+ : k o julua o jewel o 
gonee LK NMR objew -/ENANNUound ABU.YA Be+ 
other always are there more. any here live doesn't avrahm bird. jew 
wall the against is back jewish my 
wall. the against is back jewish my c.e., is it a.d., not is it 
ed third.de pico leipzig ?? warsaw jew warsaw jew > warsaw ii hh warsaw 
>> jew cat jew warsaw jew ed thir.de third.de cp third.de warsaw third.de 
jew warsaw thir.de warsaw thir.de >> jew cat third.de warsaw third.de 
Th disappears. genders, and jewels of realm the in filmvid.txt:liquifies 
almo colorations jewelled the through reverberated signs intrview.txt:of 
a images The jewels. producing movement subject, the of turn c.txt:every 
jewel like symbols of whirl the room, the of corner or ceiling c.txt:the 
gol braided of shaft jewel, cock cybermind, in Body of c.txt:Disturbance 
sheath, jewelled sword, c.txt:A 
i is she until metals, and stones with her setting jewels, c.txt:strange 
and profusion simultaneous chalice, monstrance, jewels, c.txt:Glittering 
mothers jews, cancer.txt:deaths, 
the into slammed argonauts the jew, the medeas now. killed be e.txt:shed 
gutte splinters, origins. jewish her fuck e.txt:barbarian-mediterranean, 
orname jeweled the see to cave the of out come would I then echo.txt:And 
magata the caressed, be to jewels the be would these and echo.txt:earth, 
orname jeweled the see to cave the of out come would I then echo.txt:And 
magata the caressed, be to jewels the be would these and echo.txt:earth, 
jew i'm hole your dew with fresh fell zoo from hh:blood 
caw caw isn't this jewelry? costume Medea's into fragments i.txt:Europe 
wasn't it because _precisely_ jewelry: costume Medea's i.txt: 
through walked lover my of ring the in jewel a like water the i.txt:into 
ou spat were jewels that up, hung was mirror a that know we do ii:"Truly 
jewelr the among purport on takes everything record-keeping; by jo:anied 
portal into enfolded flesh, your before lay jewels, like trifles, jo:The 
measur everything - facets jeweled fact, in Boundary-layers, jq:entity._ 
f jeweled fact, in Boundary-layers, entity._ _bounded a of jq:appearance 
sc perfect your against measured sexthing - suck facets jeweled jq:fact, 
jewel opening ruptures, text' the of 'world phenomenological jr:borders, 
sands, the in rings lost as glittered sandals jeweled the jt:Across 
sphere. luminous rock, or magnet, jewel, or spike, memorandum, jt:note, 
alt.fan.dirtywhore rec.pets.cats soc.culture.jewish ju:comp.sys.psion 
lust.fan.dirtyw wreck.pets.cats tit.culture.jewish ju:penis.sys.psion 
imaginary. tourmaline the of jewels ju:brilliant 
bluud-du mirrurs jewel-julu julu; thruugh muve the un wumb ju:jennifer's 
write you like me on name you write jv:juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#you 
drive- case-scrawl like jv:juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#hunger-wire-me 
rom- diode-scrawl ribbon-scrawl jv:juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#scrawl 
ram-jen-julu-scrawl, ram-scrawl jv:juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#scrawl 
solitaire, pinball, hangman, xtrojka, xjewel, play have I machine, jw:On 
next- as xtrojka await nervous repertoire, from xjewel eliminate do jw:I 
conch like tear like liver like curved jewel, magatama kd:the 
conch like tear like liver like so jewels, my of rest the with kd:along 
them! of heard would've you Yasaka-jewels, jewel-cushion, the kd:for 
in bitten curved, jewels, lovely the believe not will You kd:medieval. 
places, three in me bite will you Now jewel. magatama a am I which kd:in 
jewels. these got we've and other, or something by hampered kd:stream 
hempe soft white and blue the and jewels and mirror a hung they ke:yama) 
it. be so jewels, magatama curved the and ke:white 
signs other the against me protect neck, my around jewel magatama kg:The 
the thus front; my on magatama curved-jewel the back, my on kh:Buddha 
Shin in gods the from gifts sacred the of one jewel, curved kh:Magatama, 
walk can't it so jewel magatama bending of legs kh:Sundered 
and taking and - jewels, hundred five of - [long], feet eight kh:jewels 
Eac mesh. the of knot each on jewel bright a with decorated net a ki:has 
o Reminiscent infinity. into jewels other the all reflects thus ki:jewel 
of world surrounding the mirrors into, opens flesh ecstatic my ki:jewel; 
in say, rather I'd although jewel, a also is text the words, other ki:In 
sword, the jewel, the ornaments, trees, flowers, ki: 
same the did trees jewel under thrones king lion on seated kk:directions 
be ornaments jeweled the see to cave the of out come would I then kn:And 
a I magatima the caressed, be to jewels the be would these and kn:earth, 
be ornaments jeweled the see to cave the of out come would I then kn:And 
a I magatima the caressed, be to jewels the be would these and kn:earth, 
>jewel >curved< >compassionate< >or< >here< >Yin< >say< >us< ko:Let< 
jewe the breaks mirror, the fogs self-hatred Your breath! their kp:holds 
fo settle i'd compassion; of jewel curved cuts, which sword the kq:here, 
invent would anti-semite the exist, not did jew the 'if says kq:5: 
and la-la, la-la alan, jew, the of invention an is she that kq:7: 
jewelry jewel jettison jetliner jet jest jess jersey jerry jerky kv:jerk 
medi the of suppression righteous the or talent. of jewel the of kv:ging 
jews. hate i says message kw:this 
makes which hand the in jewel curved the magatama, with coupled kw:hand, 
headi double-arches, ancient beneath jewels of combination a rain, kw:of 
-- foam of bead a jewel, a kz: 
mi delivers milkman The bread. makes baker The jewelry. sells lb:jeweler 
Ba of parts other from created were jewels other "Several me. to lc:self 
lc:jewel