

grep-slough or ruth-havoc across threshed internet text:


 moment_ of identification 
awk -f back < first > second as reversal (not rev wej werbeh)
confusion of tongues not so different as in:
 a (among many) hamakom
 concrete revolution in poetic writing (kristeva), one (among many) in 
which the discourse (among many) of the universe itself may be heard.
so the many akkadian/hebraic/aramaic < > tocharian/mitannian/hittite:

mitannian. and akkadian in voices loud - aramaic and hebrew in Screams 
- mitannian and akkadian in voices loud - aramaic and hebrew in screams 
grammar. hebrew any in lists verb-form with Combine (ii). Language Hebrew 
confederate aner eschol hebrew escaped victuals goods fled slimepits 
guard captain hebrew young interpretation baker chief guard's wroth faults 
messes another marvelled birthright hebrews themselves refrained chamber 
- distribution of philosophy a it's - lost they're - avi hebrew aba, name 
interstitial i've zig i'd i'm hebrew evanescence avi superimpositions aba 
i'm hebrew evanescence avi superimpositions aba variometers aristotelian 
would you but - avi - hebrew in name my is which 
new the of not 5764 year hebrew the of 
also is Izaza Yiddish). "Aba," father," "my Hebrew, (Avi, perhaps Abibi to 
English. of Readers for Language Hebrew 
Uni- Hebrew the in general; in communication to relation in operates logy 
How Horizons Hollywood, Hole, History Hebrew Headed Hartford Harbourfront, 
all. at Hebrew, French, English, than other language Any 
(includ- spelling the Know one-to-one: is relationship the Hebrew, In 
I Thus mirror. the of kami the of Gods or God (Hebrew) elohim, "el," 
be- has form, Arabic another in as well as Hebrew in which, 'he' pronoun 
- decalogue the reading in - Hebrew the of make one does what but - book 
of end the near ulpan; an at Hebrew studied and Israel to went I 1962 In 
field a on went we 1963 in and persevered, I University. Hebrew at ic, 
and earth, the into down reached perimeter, the near walked I Hebrew, 
me to Greek it's - Hebrew 
grammar. hebrew any in lists verb-form with Combine (ii). Language Hebrew 
paranoiac am i me. in scream Akkadian, Aramaic, Arabic, Hebrew, page. 
from alphabetics were There intermingled. all Assyrian, Hebrew, 
K'un plural, the always mayim, Hebrew, in water o it Spelling 
grammar. hebrew any in lists verb-form with Combine (ii). Language Hebrew 
jew i'm hole your dew with fresh fell zoo from blood 
out, spat were jewels that up, hung was mirror a that know we do "Truly 
jewelry, the among purport on takes everything record-keeping; by anied 
portals, into enfolded flesh, your before lay jewels, like trifles, The 
measured everything - facets jeweled fact, in Boundary-layers, entity._ 
facets jeweled fact, in Boundary-layers, entity._ _bounded a of appearance 
screen, perfect your against measured sexthing - suck facets jeweled fact, 
jewelry opening ruptures, text' the of 'world phenomenological borders, 
sands, the in rings lost as glittered sandals jeweled the Across 
He sphere. luminous rock, or magnet, jewel, or spike, memorandum, note, 
alt.fan.dirtywhores rec.pets.cats soc.culture.jewish comp.sys.psion 
lust.fan.dirtywhores wreck.pets.cats tit.culture.jewish penis.sys.psion 
imaginary. tourmaline the of jewels brilliant 
bluud-durk mirrurs jewel-julu julu; thruugh muve the un wumb jennifer's 
write you like me on name you write juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#you 
drive- case-scrawl like juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#hunger-wire-me 
rom- diode-scrawl ribbon-scrawl juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#scrawl 
ram-jen-julu-scrawl, ram-scrawl juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#scrawl 
solitaire, pinball, hangman, xtrojka, xjewel, play have I machine, On 
next- as xtrojka await nervous repertoire, from xjewel eliminate do I 
conch like tear like liver like curved jewel, magatama the 
conch like tear like liver like so jewels, my of rest the with along 
them! of heard would've you Yasaka-jewels, jewel-cushion, the for 
in bitten curved, jewels, lovely the believe not will You medieval. 
places, three in me bite will you Now jewel. magatama a am I which in 
jewels. these got we've and other, or something by hampered stream 
hempen soft white and blue the and jewels and mirror a hung they yama) 
it. be so jewels, magatama curved the and white 
of signs other the against me protect neck, my around jewel magatama The 
jewels magatama no are there note I radios. and rice-cookers, televisions, 
the thus front; my on magatama curved-jewel the back, my on Buddha 
Shinto in gods the from gifts sacred the of one jewel, curved Magatama, 
walk can't it so jewel magatama bending of legs Sundered 
tying and taking and - jewels, hundred five of - [long], feet eight jewels 
Each mesh. the of knot each on jewel bright a with decorated net a has 
the of Reminiscent infinity. into jewels other the all reflects thus jewel 
oth- of world surrounding the mirrors into, opens flesh ecstatic my jewel; 
all in say, rather I'd although jewel, a also is text the words, other In 
sword, the jewel, the ornaments, trees, flowers, 
ex- same, the did trees jewel under thrones king lion on seated directions 
between ornaments jeweled the see to cave the of out come would I then And 
am I magatima the caressed, be to jewels the be would these and earth, 
between ornaments jeweled the see to cave the of out come would I then And 
am I magatima the caressed, be to jewels the be would these and earth, 
>jewel >curved< >compassionate< >or< >here< >Yin< >say< >us< Let< 
jewel, the breaks mirror, the fogs self-hatred Your breath! their holds 
for settle i'd compassion; of jewel curved cuts, which sword the here, 
invent would anti-semite the exist, not did jew the 'if says 5: 
and la-la, la-la alan, jew, the of invention an is she that 7: 
jewelry jewel jettison jetliner jet jest jess jersey jerry jerky jerk 
mediocre. the of suppression righteous the or talent. of jewel the of ging 
jews. hate i says message this 
a makes which hand the in jewel curved the magatama, with coupled hand, 
heading double-arches, ancient beneath jewels of combination a rain, of 
-- foam of bead a jewel, a 
milk. delivers milkman The bread. makes baker The jewelry. sells jeweler 
Bala- of parts other from created were jewels other "Several me. to self 
jewel