


The Defuge Rhyme


The word itself, the hymen or division which splits: Re: hymen, incapable 
of division. But rhyme returns, not the recall of memory, but reinforce- 
ment subjugating anomaly itself. That is, turning the language of the 
poem into sound, for which it materializes, that is, fetishizes, placing 
the semantic core in an inverted relationship to cybermind - where syntax 
is fetishized as the bones of the dissolute body.

Within neural networks, I think of rhyme as reinforcement, the construct 
of a gate to language resonating uncannily with the absence of meaning. 
So it binds meaning to the abyss, floods the body of language (posturing 
contractually against the rim of rhyme/chora, one would say a situation 
of bondage and domination). The mind learns the poem, defuses it; rhyme 
partakes of the exhaustion of pornography, turning-away from the image 
after its consumption. 

Such a turning-away is common, fetishization transformed into discard,
disgust, the image no longer working, _that_ body used up in masturbation. 
It is so common that a word is necessary here, the _defuge,_ defuse/refuge
deluge/refuse, de-light, de-flower. Rhyme patterns, frames, defuges; it 
is the defuge that draws the poem forward beyond return, the sonnet to 
the final couplet.

Rhyme materializes, and the materiality is subject to defuge, carrying
semantic content on its back. Defuge is a laying-waste, and it is not too
much to think it _through_ materiality, the gainsaying of substance,
effluvia. It is the substance in pornography that defuges;  there is a
constellation pornography/fetishization/rhyme, rhythm a stride or
measuring of substance against the body itself. The repetition of rhyme 
measures rhythm which of course is a return through a demarcation; such a 
return is the defuge of time, the striations of the medium as well. 

Defuge is the tumescence of substance within representation. "All objects 
are objects of loss." I am at a loss to account for defuge, these repe- 
titions, consumptions, exhaustions, laying-to-waste, discardings. It is 
not a question of novelty, but novelty plays a role. It is not a question 
of fetishization, although these half-way markings bridge sites in the 
unconscious. In pornography, it is the image on the level of the symbolic 
that materializes, that is devoured; in rhyme, it is the substance itself 
which unconsciously appertains to the unconscious. In pornography, the 
auto-erotic forecloses upon the image, which bears witness; in rhyme, 
neural networking frames and forecloses the substance of language. Rhyme 
bears witness as well, to the subtle fragility of language which subli- 
mates its sonic basis: the symbolic resides as a simulacrum upon, or 
articulated within/by, this material. 

Defuge produces the material as imaginary. Defuge is also located: in the
rereading of a novel which has never been finished; at the height of an
argument in which the trajectory appears as foreclosure; in Sartrean
nausea; in outmoded fashion; in expectorated fetishes; in rhyme upon
rhyme, Skelton's work for example. _Too much_ rhyme makes one uncomfor-
table, as too many exposed genitalia; a sweet, ruptured sickness, emerges,
and the decay of bodies is not far behind. (And just so, Emily Dickinson's
poetry is always near the abyss, near total collapse, the fragility of a 
feather.)

(Defuge is also fueled, in late capitalism, by fast-forward driving of the
commodity structure; consumption becomes introjected, always already con- 
spicuous, a matter of _sight_ lending itself towards _site._ But it is 
perhaps more interesting to think of the commodity structure as fueled by 
defuge, the circum-stantiation, circumlocution of the abyss: and too much 
talk, too much theory, is a primary example...)


