


Defuge ii


Stephen Crane (Maggie, A Girl of the Streets): "A tall young man, smoking
a cigarette with a sublime air, strolled near the girl. He had on evening
dress, a moustache, a chrysanthemum, and a look of _ennui,_ all of which
he kept carefully under his eye. Seeing the girl walk on as if such a
young man as he was not in existence, he looked back transfixed with
interest. He stared glassily for a moment, but gave a slight convulsive
start when he discerned that she was neither new, Parisian, nor theatri-
cal. He wheeled about hastily and turned his stare into the air, like a 
sailor with a searchlight."

There is the exhaustion that _lends itself to death,_ the exhaustion of
the libertine, the implicate of fascism as well. (See Pasolini on Huys-
mans' A Rebours.) The consumption of fascism releases itself. In another
turn, the _fan_ releases him or herself in relation to the rock or film
star, who appears possessed within the imaginary, mediated by the symbol-
ic; no amount of information or memorabilia is ever enough, and each new 
item displaces the old. One can speak of _the motility of the fetish on 
unstable feet._

And here is Edna St. Vincent Millay's translation of Baudelaire's Spleen 
II which begins in French with:

"J'ai plus de souvenirs que si j'avais mille ans."


The Sphinx

I swear to you that if I lived a thousand years
I could not be more crammed with dubious souvenirs.

There's no old chest of drawers bulging with deeds and bills,
Love-letters, locks of hair, novels, bad verses, wills,
That hides so many secrets as my wretched head; -
It's like a mausoleum, like a pyramid, 
Holding more heaped unpleasant bones than Potter's Field;
I am a graveyard hated by the moon; revealed
Never by her blue light are those long worms that force
Into my dearest dead their blunt snouts of remorse.
- I am an old boudoir, where roses dried and brown
Have given their dusty odour to the faded gown,
To the ridiculous hat, doubtless in other days
So fine, among the wan pastels and pale Bouchers.

Time has gone lame, and limps; and under a thick pall
Of snow the endless years efface and muffle all;
Till boredom, fruit of the mind's inert, incurious tree,
Assumes the shape and size of immortality.

Henceforth, O living matter, you are nothing more 
Than the fixed heart of chaos, soft horror's granite core,
Than a forgotten Sphinx that in some desert stands,
Drowsing beneath the heat, half-hidden by the sands,
Unmarked on any map, - whose rude and sullen frown
Lights up a moment only when the sun goes down.


(I love the Millay-isms or Americanisms of this translation, doing 
violence and recuperating something as well.)

Spleen, like boredom, figures into defuge; both play a role in Salo, in 
Sade, demarcating the libertine for whom freedom has become a paste of 
bodies, and for whom inscription has transformed into smears. Defuge 
occurs within the memory of memory, and it is not the boredom, but the 
nausea associated with the exhaustion, that is of interest, this turn- 
ing away in relation to the abject. The premise or promise of the porno- 
graphic image disappears during singular masturbations; it strikes of 
failure, of the consumption of flesh. I would not be surprised to find 
flesh consumed in each and every one of these cases, and perhaps the 
materiality that defuge operates through is ultimately cannibalistic. 

Here is Pasolini on Des Esseintes: "The mechanism of Des Esseintes is the
mechanism of an anti-bourgeois bourgeois who commits suicide by destroying
himself through an excess of his own culture. He finds himself in a moment
of history in which the genealogical tree of bourgeois typology separates
into two great trunks: at the base of one of these trunks you find the
signpost bearing Hitler's name, at the base of the other you find the sign
pointing to 'hippies.'" (Quoted in Naomi Greene, Pier Paolo Pasolini,
Cinema as Heresy.)

And finally, defuge, from my Disorders of the Real: "Form, thrust away. 
For a moment. For a minute. For a second or longer until in full it falls,
cut off at the quick. Cut off at the bone. To char: it rolls on the
ground, without limbs; it moves against itself as bag splits within bag as
the speech holds forth because of (on due account) the split tongue
expelling its swollen particles of speech. Damned, as if something _was._
As-if _was._ No farther as tube rolls, suffocates: no farther as the
lungs corrode, body inverts, bag fills with faeces, all manner of the
outer airs. He gave himself airs: which means, he pretended he _was._ That
verb which has no right _to be._" 


