




Defuge iii: the impasse


Defuge: involving disdain, trashing, embarrassment, turning-aside, humil-
iation, the loss of fetishistic power. 

In the pornographic image, the man or woman no longer offer themselves; 
their materiality becomes manifest: alterity.

It's as if masturbation or diegesis exhaust their content, and wouldn't 
this imply the defuge of narrative?

I've reached an impasse here. At what order does explanation operate? 
Within the neural network, overkill and increasingly tight frameworking 
(as in too many rhymes) creates networks with limited bandwidth; on the 
level of the symbolic, the assertion of alterity cuts into secondary 
narcissism, and the subject finds himself or herself literally at a loss 
before the alter of the image. (Perhaps this also has to do with the 
incest prohibition, the bleeding of the woman/text/image, _escape_ into 
alterity as well.)

"The dull compaction of the world thuds, in the foundation of the bottom 
of the text. The nether regions of discourse and language collapse in the 
nadir of bellowing sound, perversions of word and sentence. The basement 
of the ego drowns the abyss of the subject's grounds. The imploding 
tunnel of the uterine apparatus escapes into the thinned atmosphere of 
male, articulate and configured eyes, seminal sites, productions of 
belief gnawing at the periphery. My writing is a dull thunder. Lightning 
forms a disheveled paste across the sky. The flat bark of lightning. 
Lightning's chipped plate. Lightning's stain and the murmur of thunder, 
almost a word.

"The throat is chopped with its non-listening. 'I learned to speak with 
other holes.'" (from my Textbook of Thinking)

- abstract thought hidden within the laminar order of collapse -

The impasse exists at the boundary of Freudian decathexis, disinvestment, 
which is not necessarily an active release or discharge, but a loosening 
or unraveling as of the Borromean knot. The commodity is no longer oper- 
ative; something or someone is _used up._ Defuge is this using up, which 
occurs among worlds, the interstices or liminal realms of semiosis. Signs 
dissolve into the abyss of the substrate. One is lost in the midst of the 
inchoate accusations of the other; the trashed pornographic image is the 
content of nightmare. Defuge refuses...

