



Future Dream of Future Lists


Tonight some of the moderators from spoon and others met and discussed all
sorts of things, and beforehand I was thinking about the future of email
lists; I'd like to start one that contained images and sound-bites (as
well as simple information on how to download and see/her them). And this
led me to think of the further possibility of a neural-networked list,
which would not only search through archives, but create part-objects as
replies. If you wrote a post with the title "net.sex" for example, it
would first explode the title through a thesaurus; it would also look for
other key words in the post, after eliminating a basic vocabulary of, say,
500-1000 words. (The search for keywords is absolutely critical, more
important than the top-down threading announcements.) The network would
then go through the archive, or a framed section thereof, of past
messages, pulling out the ones that apparently pertained to the same
subject; these would be rated. If there were a semantic parser present,
the network could remove what it would classify as key sentences, say
those with the least percentage of basic vocabulary. These would be
arranged by ostensible subject matter, correlated with the incoming post,
and attached as part-objects to the post. Further replies to the post
would also be correlated and so forth. 

The whole would work through a neural network containing a tremendous 
number of rules as well, and this rule-base would be constantly open to 
change, both from within (the network itself) and without (by the 
moderator or users with sufficient knowledge to program it). I think of 
the approach as a bottom-up taxonomy, instead of one starting and 
remaining on the level of the subject-heading or threading, which is 
top-down.

Eventually, of course, the list would be programmed to reply to itself; 
interspersed with human intercessions/interstitial posting, the whole 
would tend towards an evolutionary paradigm.

Ultimately, one might say that the list would presuppose _every_ post, 
setting out on its own, researching the contents of terabyte messages. 
But the truth of the matter is that human intervention, combined with 
list/program intervention, would be critical here.

In addition, images would be subject to manipulation both by the soft- 
ware and human intervention; discussion would proceed on visual, aural, 
and textual bases simultaneously. It would not be difficult to program 
particular visual distortions, for example, to accompany particular 
arguments within a discussion rhizome.

For the discussions would be, of course, rhizomatic, not threading - 
non-linear to the extreme. They would play across texts, programs, users, 
and sensory modalities. 

And there would also be a MOO-space for such a list, in which the sub- 
scribers could discuss things in synchronous time, coupled, of course, 
with various bots which would be fed program information from the neural 
networking, information that would eventually extend their textual ade- 
quacy in conversation. But that would be a long way off.

Topics? Cybermind, experientiality, the dissolution and diffusion of 
knowledge and knowledge-filtering, differentiation of knowledge as 
opposed to integration (the former spreads the bandwidth, inscribes it; 
the latter is a form of smoothing or filtering itself), communality, 
human-machine interfacing, the touch of the body or image or voice or 
soundbite or text...

All of this could be initiated by someone expert in programming, through 
Unix, perl, c++, etc. Cybermind would take on a new direction, that of 
the beginning-to-speak of the wires, and fiction-of-philosophy would 
spread like a stain, modalities collapsing into one another...

Alan

