



Early, Cybermind, MOO, 900 A.D. Approx

 
From the Yogavashishtha, in Textual Sources for the Study of Hinduism, 
Wendy Doniger O'Flaherty, editor/translator:

  Once upon a time there was a husky man made by a machine of illusion. 
He was a fool, with the feeble wits of a child, and he was exclusively 
concealed within his own idiocy. He was born one day, alone, and he 
remained right there, in an empty place. He was like the net-pattern that 
you see in space when your eyes are closed, or like a mirage that you see 
in a desert. There was no one there other than him; he was all that there 
was there. Whatever else there appeared to be there was a reflection of 
him, but that fool could not see it.
  Then he got the idea of expanding his wealth, and he firmly resolved, 
'I belong to empty space; I am empty space; empty space is mine. I will 
protect space; I will establish space firmly; and I myself will 
assiduously protect my cherished possession.' When he had made this 
decision, he made a house to protect empty space. Inside this house, he 
marked out an area and said, 'Now I have protected this empty space.' And 
he took pleasure in that space in the house.
  But in the course of time, that house of his was destroyed, as a little 
wave in the water is destroyed by a wind in the season of autumn. 'On my! 
My little house-space, you have been destroyed! Oh my! Where did you go 
in just a moment? Oh, oh! You have been shattered!' - this is how he 
mourned for that space. And when he had mourned a hundred times in this 
way, that fool built a well to protect his empty space, and he became 
obsessed with his well-space. But then, in time, the well, too, was 
destroyed, and when the well-space was gone he sank into grief; and when 
he had finished lamenting his well-space, immediately he made a pot, and 
he became obsessed with the pot-space through the illusion of his 
pleasure in it. But in time the pot, too, was destroyed; whatever part of 
the sky that unfortunate creature took, that too was destroyed. When he 
finished lamenting his pot-space, he made a bowl to protect his empty 
space, and he became obsessed with the bowl-space. In time, the bowl, 
too, was destroyed, as darkness is destroyed by blazing light; and he 
grieved for that bowl-space.
  When he finished grieving for the bowl-space, he built a great palace 
with four halls, all made of space, in order to protect his empty space. 
Time swallowed it up, too, and destroyed it as a wind destroys a withered 
leaf; and he became obsessed with mourning for it, too. And when he had 
finished mourning for his palace with four halls, he built a great 
granary in the form of a cloud, to protect his empty space, and he became 
obsessed with the space of that. But time quickly carried it away, too, 
as if it had been a cloud, and he was tortured by his grief for his lost 
granary.
  Thus time, whose essence never changes, outstripped his house, four- 
halled palace, pot, bowl, and granary. And thus he remained, powerless in 
his cave in a corner of the sky, coming and going in his own mind from one 
impenetrable house to another, from one misery, one cloud, to another 
cloud that had become a source of misery, deluded by the confusion 
between what had gone and what had never come.

