



Little Editorial on Being-Thought


Someone gave me a copy of the Mondo 2000 User's Guide. Avital Ronell is 
quoted in a section called Deconstruction. She's wearing a necklace, 
staring upwards to the right. All theorists stare from the page left to 
the right; staring/starring in the other direction throws everything off. 
We learn from the Mondo staff that "Deconstruction is the program of 
taking texts or cultural phenomena and trying to see what they are really 
saying in a social, political, and sexual context. In practice, decon- 
struction is performing art, a process of systematically breaking set and 
setting to violate people's expectations, a bit like Dada, a bit like 
stand-up comedy." We learn on the next page about Jacques Lacan: "Jacques 
Lacan is a deconstructionist psychiatrist. One of his most remarkable 
inventions was 'the short session,' in which a person shows up for the 
hour of psychotherapy he or she has paid for and only gets five minutes - 
a brilliant con which gave Dr. Lacan more time to deconstruct."

This ignorance would be understandable in Answer Me!, but not accompanying
an article showing off Ronell to her best/worst. In fact, her photograph
becomes an image bite accompanying the sound bites, and what's going on
here is a form of integration, surfing/not sleuthing through the complex-
ity of contemporary theory. I really believe this is one of the most dire
consequences of the information revolution. _Thinking_ is inordinately
difficult - look at Merleau-Ponty dealing with vision, Derrida on writing
or Ronell herself on the telephone. To the extent the past is transformed
into media bites (currently, structuralism seems to be a victim) - to that
extent a certain violence of metaphysics appears. (For example, the sound
bite of deconstruction above reduces it to an analysis of subtexts, favor-
ing a conspiracy theory of cultural phenomena - coded references accom-
panying texts, for example, implicating one or another ethnic group.  It's
assumed here that there _is_ something being "really said," that there is
an _authenticity,_ in fact, to saying, which is revealed through careful
analysis. And this sort of authenticity leads to troubles, ranging from
the "truth about the Jews" or the "Jewish question" (which Jews have never
asked), to the assumption of a responsible and classified speech, always 
already required to be politically correct.)

On the other hand, as usual, the _politics_ of the theory of short ses-
sions are entirely omitted; they're turned into a joke of sorts. All of
this leads to the usual dismissal of deconstruction/Lacan (you name it):
how can anyone take these absurdities seriously? The photograph of Ronell
as image bite is a reduction of theory itself to Hollywood - it's all
media, it's all tinsel, it's all glamour, and it's all based on desire
which hardly needs deconstruction, but instead more faux-intense pictures
of "thinkers." 

In this world, everyone is heros, from hackers on, by the way - cowboy
Barlow and so forth - it's interesting that for the most part, even with
the current Wired, Gibson keeps a bit back from the heat and light. But
what I'm getting at: This heroics, this bite-production, is more than
gossip - it's wondering how to hold thinking _accountable,_ how to proceed
with thinking, in the midst of media onslaught, both Mondo 2000 and Wired
possessing pretensions to a reification of the sublimated radical that
clearly gets absorbed in hipness and post-hippy capital/ism.

The absorption is _political,_ it's dangerous, and it's engendering com-
munity under dubious signs, ranging from $ to quick-thought of some of the
neo-pragmatist tech stuff I've been reading lately - let's head to nano- 
tech which will solve all our problems, for example.

Finally, one of the things I like about CYB and FOP is that thinking seems
relatively otherwise here, always bringing the subject into play, if only
to report on the condition of birds in trees, coupled with further discus-
sions about cybermind and the cyberspatial body. This is important, this
re-engendering, continuous rewrite of self and other - which, come to
think of it, is a reasonable description of quite a few of Derrida's texts
as well (a certain practice of alterity). 

Alan

