




            it's after one
                   you must be sound asleep
                                  the Milky Way ...


Mayakovsky writes you, the sure sleep before death, candle flickering in
the dark room, he writes and thinks, no one understands me, for once he is
right, no one can take that away from him. Hounded by Stalin, Lenin, Stal-
ingrad, Leningrad, you have heard of them. The lines flow from the pen,
the candle's reflected in the computer screen swollen with other words,
distancing it. Everything in the screen is smaller than everything is, an
older screen. He wants desperately to speak with you, wants to win the
wager, those distorted or distraught words which seek farther like mine
into the future, where they meet and intertwine. He walks on the lower
east side, looking into the windows or barricades, wondering how to end
it, the poem, the gunshot which has followed him, myself, all his life.
His presence is the presence of rage; prescient, the year 2017 is his
contraption, his contraption alone. The wax gnaws at the candle. Nothing
is inside him; the bullet burns on entry. Later he would write that later
he would write. That you might not be asleep after all. That you might be
having a bad night as well. That bad nights were common in the future. 
That our writing would meet there but that survival was slim. That Lenin
and Stalin ensured his survival in the dissolute violence of European
blood. He writes of the Milky Way. You're home, you're worrying, there is
theater coming. You couldn't look into his face. It's always him, him, his
masquerade. The falseness of my beautiful body. I caress my breasts. I
look for him everywhere in the crowd. A single shot has followed me all
the days of my life; cowardly, I'd reach for the pills, bags, household
objects before doing violence. Violent death is convulsive, conclusive; 
at the end, I want nothing to do with it. Mayakovsky works darker and
later into the dark and later night. He throws himself on the bed; the
State rides him as the State rides nightly. What is the matter with him.
My work is condemned to oblivion. I have never lived. My hands are pure
blood; nothing drips from them. Blood fingers on blood keys, blood palms
against blood pens. They couldn't save anyone. The words are hour pre-
cious. 

Mayakovsky says, Nora, you've just got to give up things. There's no way I
can stay alive if you don't. The stage doesn't mean anything. It's not
eternal. But Nora says, Volodya, you're the one always playing games of
masquerade, nobody cares about poetry but you and I. A poetry slam is
nothing but another contest, so what if you tailor your inner violence.
Lenin won the contest and I've got to get on with my life. But Volodya
says, Nora, you just watch, that bullet's been following me, and you'll
have all these reminiscences that will make it into a book someday. And
it's going to be that way if you don't give up the stage just to be with
me and I mean forever and we'll live forever. But Veronica says, Vladimir,
just look at what you're asking me to do. Already I can see your beautiful
body, you can't kill yourself when you're naked. How many times have I
ridden you, and to what purpose? But Vladimir Vladimirovich says...but
Veronica says... but Nora says... but Volodya says, Mayakovsky now listen. 

LILA I DID IT FOR YOU. LILA LOVE ME. THIS IS WHAT I MEAN, THAT I'M RESPON-
SIBLE FOR MY DEATH. I DID IT TO MYSELF. YOU HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH IT.

The perfect words dissolve on the screen as the computer freezes, holds
itself lost forever. I don't know why this happens; it just does. I can't
get out of the editor, I can't save anything, page up and down. I can't
move anything, delete anything, copy anything, paste anything. I can't
clear the screen, can't type one or another letter, not even the little
punctuations moving like bullets across the body of the text. I try a soft
book and nothing happens. But first I try escape codes with control and
escape codes with alt and nothing happens. I can't tell you enough about
this _stasis_ and the fear that accompanies it: catatonic language, lost
and present forever, until the battery runs out. So the only choice that's
left is a hard reboot, and because it's DOS, everything is lost; the sur-
face continues, smiling, but it's a blank screen now, no longer filled
with suicide, with despair, but the screen of Buddha, emptying out. No
matter; it's Bardo, and Mayakovsky supplies enough demons for the flick-
ering candle; no matter, it's not over until the bullet flees the gun,
head deep dark into the entrails of the CPU itself. 


