





queer cyberspatiality


                   so that more than recently I would identify myself as
hetero/queer, thinking of queer studies as encompassing or recuperating
sexuality as a potential field, including genders, physiologies, issues of
desire and control -

                     as fields are discursivities, heterogeneities in
cyberspace, words falling into place across genders transgendering genders
defined as textualities, physiology a matter of the performative or rather

                       that sexualities are inscribed, the performative 
evoking the body of the inscribing subject: consider hir sexuality as 
_fissured_ in the midst of the field, broken down at the margins of the 
body or where desire and control transform the rapture.

                          there are no givens in the broken line, it's 
precisely this that defines as well queers in cyberspace, which perhaps 
implies a certain intentionality of identification: if I state I'm queer 
- then what? if I state I'm queer and I'm not attracted to men - then 
what? when and where, what is the site, of _coming down to the matter of 
the text?_

                             easily, I could say, one could say, Inscribe!
writing across the domains of the two physiologies and the occasional
hermaphroditic / androgynous bridges, a matter of message routing however
_around_ a network embedding polarities, sublimating them (and I would say
at times hysterically searching for the other as well).  hetero/queer
however promugates the physiology? circumscribes it in an other that is
necessarily symbolic? difference? or differ_a_nce, deferring to the con-
trol of the other always already inscribed here? 

                                  what is difference a matter of? is there
the matter of difference? what's the matter with difference? with differ-
_a_nce? 
                                     the _ascii unconscious,_ _third sex,_
of which I spoke in the sense of a performative, the third or extruded
sexuality, the stain or residue of inscription, the transformation of text
vis-a-vis _defuge_ back into the body, the reading of the body through
hysteric embodiment - all of these sites constitute a queer cyberspatial-
ity. if inscription is the classical propositional logic, fissure is the
_elsewhere_ of that logic, the stain implied by the sheffer-stroke not-
both-a-and-b and its dual neither-a-nor-b -

                                           for whereas the sheffer-stroke
implies a _barrier_ that includes _elsewhere_ and its poles, the dual
implies an elsewhere which is fissured from the propositions entirely. and
both the stroke and the dual are _fundamental_ to propositional logic,
since out of either all of the logical operations (negation, and, or,
etc.) can be produced by a process of concatenation and substitution. 

                                              so that, speaking metaphor-
ically, out of the _field,_ the logic is produced _as a possibility,_ but
the field itself is fissured, in flux, and perhaps problematizing nega-
tion. in other words, given M and F, the stroke and the dual create the
discursive formation {M,F} but in fact, within the text itself, there is 
a seeping, what I would call the uncanny, conditioned simultaneously by 
neither M nor F, not both M and F, a residue or memory of the alphabetic 
division of desire
                                                  within which all of us 
must reinscribe ourselves, a matter of choice, a matter of power, desire, 
domination, habitus, chemistry, culture, physiology, psychology, socio- 
logy, cosmology -
                                                   - the logical excursion
entirely unnecessary. when I close my eyes, I imagine Tiffany, Clara,
Honey, and I do not imagine Tom, Peter, Henry, to the extent that name
often designates sex. I imagine penises connected to the physiology of
women. I imagine violation fabric, web inversion, binding, liquidity, and
hieroglyph. I imagine taut, worked out and through the wires. I imagine
the dissolution of the body, always engendered towards the female. I
imagine this because it gives me pleasure to imagine this, out and through
the wires. I imagine the wires immobilizing my body
                                                          in the order of
the inscriptive apparatus, glistening against the skin, in the order of
the fissuring of speech. until the point that I can no longer speak. 
until this or that point, _in other words,_ literally, when the writing 
stops. 
                                                            or more
recently

                          \