



my queer cyberspatiality, my Capital


i have holes everywhere in my bodies, fingers everywhere, i can't keep my
hands off, they ring the cock, enter the cunt, display the codex, pollina-
tion on the move, striations across the flesh, holes rimmed with luscious
moisture, pheromes spread across the interstices of routers, nipples and
sockets, equivalences, not identities. i'm swollen, my breasts are fields
of film, images dreamed as my mouths open wide, swallows them, the image
imaginary against the rib cage wired from beneath. vomiting languages
tongue your assholes (for what is mine is yours, split among us), "The
body wastes or 'filth' associated with Tlazolteotl thus represented not
just transgressions of the Aztec sexual code, but also the means for off-
setting them, for transforming or converting them into something healthy
and fertile." 

"This has to be the explanation for the curious name Tlaelquani, 'Eater of
Ordure,' and of all almanac figures who consume their own excrement." (1)
The words flood the wires in the incipient chthonic process of procuring
spherical geometries, mouths opening to the world's waste, bodies turned
against and within the text that generated it. 

and the bodies can't stand this, can't make up their mind about the text,
they're embraced by their consort. Watching themselves, knowing what's
coming. The gods did the work of the wires. They keep opening their
mouths, opening their mouths through the scarred and ruptured skin. They
fissure, split along fault lines, devolve back into protocols ready for
reception, flooded wires, eyes pissed open, caked mouths and eyes, turned
towards high-speed fast-forward nova centrals, entrails of dark-fire
nebula. 

they burrow down into me, split and swollen body, nestle against the
nippled concavities from within the chakras, "Then the _dakini_ absorbed
all the Deities into her body. She transformed Padma into the syllable
_Hum._ The _Hum_ rested on her lips, and she conferred upon it the Buddha-
Amitabha blessing. Then she swallowed the _Hum_"... (2) Then it collapses
and the sentences grow up capitals. Then the capitals are traced through
the text, the mouths of the text, textual _defuge._

Padma told me there's no theory here.



