


Later a bit of the truth.

Heh, Id like to say that my sister Claire has got the truth, but you know
one glass of wine and there's no stopping the cherries if you get, wow,
what was that. Something left the corner of his eye. No more tarry my
good lass in the fields of clover, before the hurricane comes in through
the ferry. So I was told and we would be merry. Pass the glass of wine,
but you know. Once there was this mountain set afire in Jerusalem, roar-
ing out of the double-haunched thighs of hills, alighting deep in the 
dank night, an atomic cannon if it was a day. Nothing set ablaze, don't
worry about the thing, the id will take care of it. The idea of it! I
woke in the midst of the knife being pulled against the throat, but what
did it matter, I threw him out. There was always a diamond, the only 
time I kissed a man, but he didn't come around the plaza for Claire. The
friend made stained-glass against the desert while she fucked everyone
around having children from every race while the nightclub owner let the
donkey in the bed, a stable relationship ha ha. Heh, I'd like to have
seen that, made it work. Pass the glass lass. There's a good one down
later in the cave where my cock hit the moonlight shooting through the
soda-dam but you made that one as well. My body ye old dark-o covered in
your monthly blood. I speared myself to the wall, that wine poured over
me, smeared across my balls as well. When I threw the bottle the res-
taurant exploded. Restaurant, taurus the bull, just shot through the 
broken bottles but the host was found wounded on the other side of town.
Oh what happened I cried. The guy turned out to be the uncle of the
assailant, knives all around as Clair and I skipped town. 

Later there was more in the green hills, boulders big as dozers where
druids lay moving them into the path of the solstice. This well before
Columbus, you'd hear the sound of chainmail rustled against willows and
beech. The light struck like an arrow against slime-mold turned towards it
down the dim dark wedge of the thicket. One more and I have to get back on
the road, one more, let it kill me. To drive sober's to roll over, there
is a little less life to it, lass, a little less lust. Pour me another I
won't be a bother. Later there'd be another and another maybe I'd tell you
about Claire before the whole deal went down. 


