



Premature Notes on Philoctetes / Who Works the Details of the Fates?


The slash bars its way from the truth, gates the truth:

He's placed on Lemnos by Odysseus and others because they can't bear to 
hear him scream. He's got Hercules' bow. It's foretold he'll conquer 
Troy. They go back to get him. There are a lot of discussions. This is in 
Sophocles. The discussions last the length of the play. What's been fore- 
told, ordained. But are the discussions ordained? Back and forth they 
argue. It takes the deus ex machina, Hercules descendent like a testicle, 
to ejaculate Philoctetes out of there. The audience knew he was leaving. 
It's not even a question of the machinery, although what's foretold is 
always already of the machine. (The Greeks had problems with irrational 
numbers which appeared rationally, unaccountable, unaccounted-for, in the 
midst of reason.) In the play, foreclosure rules, imposes teleology; the 
machinic guarantees its operation. Pull the guy out of the sky.

It's an awkward play, teetering on the edge of the visible and invisible
which closes down _there._ It's as if the chora got itself straightened
out, out of necessity, for the labor of the drama, labor of history. It's
an awkward play, it's visceral; Philoctetes screams because of his
disease, gangrene in the translation, he's been bitten by a snake, his 
leg's rotting. Odysseus comes back for him because Philoctetes is needed 
in the scheme of things; there's promise of a cure. You can see why he 
wants to remain island-bound; Odysseus can't be trusted. But Odysseus 
brings the news of the foreclosure; he's an instrument of fate. Why him 
and no others, what tethers him to this positioning? Neoptolemos acts on 
his behalf, he's the son of Achilles, addresses Philoctetes: "You must 
then help me break the resistance of our enemies with your bow. This is 
the truth. I will tell you how I know it. One of our prisoners from Troy 
is Helenus - a great prophet there. He has told us, and we cannot doubt 
it, that all this is bound to happen." Belief embraces truth itself; the 
system, adopted, has its consequences. 

Who is speaking here? If Neoptolemos, then there is no truth, there is
only belief and its embrace; the audience escapes. If it is fate, then
there is truth, the audience is complicit. The audience cannot tell the
difference, can never enter into Neoptolemos and his discourse. Truth
emerges through slippage, through reportage, through the anecdote; in
spite of Euclid, this is millennia before the repetition of scientific
experiment. And then later, Broad, who was for a time president of the
Society for Psychical Research (London), writes about sporadic cases,
which must be accepted on internal evidence, since they cannot be
repeated; these cases, of course, include psychic phenomena, Hercules
descending sporadically... 

Philoctetes is the wager of artificial life, the experiment I described
elsewhere, closed within the computer program. There is an absolute break,
no virtual tunneling here, between destiny and will, between the spill of
speech (which chaotically can influence the real, material, environement)
with its appearance of free labor, and the construct of the will of the
Gods. 

The play talks its way through everything, as if talking to waylay the 
inevitable. I see this as a Heiner Muller play (and in fact he did a 
version), the machinery of Europe at work, the called-for destinies of 
imperial technocracies ranging from Hittite to Germany and beyond. The 
talk is surplus, rag-tag, as the characters leave the island.

Unless the machinic/ex machina is the contract, which is suspect: So that
it is the fate for example of young men (and women) to be drafted, the
talk a preamble or performative, psychoanalysis the guidance of fate to
its proper predestination. But that is not from the _clouds._ _Uncanny
Hercules_ descends from the clouds. The programmer appears in the midst 
of the program.

Is the programmer Odysseus? Listen to Muller (and we could do no better 
than to listen to Muller continuously, on the periphery of blood seeping 
from the signifier itself): "No other production which I have seen has 
solved the structural problem of the play: the transformation of tragedy 
into face, or into the tragic satire as it is called by Schiller, through 
the jump in Odysseus's thought from the irreplaceableness of the living 
Philoctetes to the exploitation of the dead one, so that a new species 
comes onto the stage: the political animal."

The political animal believes in destiny, in Volk. Not a new species, but
an appearance here, in agreement with Dasein, with destiny handled and
manipulated as an ad campaign. _If_ everything were decreed according to
the deus ex machina, by which I mean an ontic exteriority, then there
would be no need for Neoptolemos' subterfuge in the first place, his
deceit, _plotting_ (and plots are always a sign of ontic collapse) against
Philoctetes (at Odysseus' insistence). So that the fates are construed 
from within-fate by manipulation, capital (implied by the arrival of the 
(false) merchant in the play). 

Within this confusion, the body of the text transforms into gangrene 
itself, self-reflexivity, reflection, devourment. Nothing remains; fate 
spits letters between the teeth. This is the result of fate of any sort, 
however, this surplus of language recruited into the service of destiny, 
the material witness of blood sutured by the symbol, or the whole works 
sloughed down into the ditch of the imaginary. It is no longer truth that 
shimmers, but the word itself; whatever is harbored bordering our realm 
is no longer of any concern of ours. When Odysseus lands, we require his 
passport; when Philoctetes seeks treatment, we ask for mercy from Medicaid.
But this is not the fall of the gods, Gotterdammerung - it's nothing but 
the leaky nature of languaging become manifest, our relative freedom, in 
fact, to ransack Lemnos for whatever treasures it contains, Philoctetes 
among them. For myself, I no longer search for the gateway, but for the 
wall itself.

Muller: "The monuments will not bleed until the last battle."


