

Frontiers of the Internet


Where are the frontiers of the Net - and by this I don't mean demograph-
ics or geography, but signposts towards conceivable futures? There are 
two broad areas that overlap, one connected with bandwidth, and the other 
with applications themselves.

With _increased_ bandwidth (mbone, atm, etc.), video and audio clips will 
become more prevalent. We can also expect MOOs, MUDs, and the like to 
enter into the pictorial domain. Language-processing will be available as 
a common option, establishing two-way communications through the home 
computer. The sheer _visibility_ of the Net will completely transform its 
impact, no matter how much the rest of us appreciate text. The number of 
text-based documents will continue to grow at an exponential rate, how- 
ever, and search engines, driving intelligent agents, will become more 
functional and compact.

In terms of applications, particularly the current state of the Net, 
there are three areas to watch:

1. Home-pages. The World Wide Web home-pages are becoming more and more 
elaborate, miniature audio-visual webs themselves, and the framework for 
all sorts of experimentation. By 1997, expect full immersive access.

2. VRML and similar languages. The virtual reality markup language is an 
early step towards complete immersion in seamless constructed realities, 
which will probably be commonplace by 2010 or so. I believe at least 15 
years are necessary to develop the enormous bandwidth such realities will 
require; whether all the copper-wire lines in the United States and else- 
where will be converted to fiber-optic (necessary for the bandwidth) is 
another matter altogether.

3. MOOs as research institutions, group meeting-places within which the 
Net is accessible by a number of geographically dispersed people at once. 
I see this area leading quickly towards the idea of an info-sphere; com- 
bined with virtual reality, information access, filtering, and function- 
ality will be commonplace by 2005.

All of these areas touch upon and interpenetrate the others; by 2000, 
expect the merging/morphing of various Net applications and content. The 
Net may ultimately be defined by sensorium/text and by lag/no-lag bases. 
The former is a division between video/audio and text/data streams (which 
consume considerably less bandwidth); the latter separates the document 
and message-base from synchronous transmission, conversation, and on-line 
group researching.

(By 2000 also, the Net might become a "lookup" facility, with search 
engines calling up other search engines; one might enter <subject> at a 
prompt (as in the World Wide Web Worm or Webcrawler), and a virtual page 
with links to content would be created. The lookup facility would search 
more than the Web, however, activating archie and other commands, estab-
lishing hypertext links with ftp sites, etc. The model would be that of 
the hypertextual encyclopedia, rather than that of the layered Internet 
with its gopher/ftp/etc. domains.)

Just some thoughts...

