


(Again, there's a small .jpg accompanying this - except for fop-l; the
content can be inferred without it.) 


Accident


Accidentally, the car collided with another; two booms rocked the neigh-
borhood with sounds of metal bisecting metal. A boy and his dog stood
watch. A police car and ambulance drove up. The driver was carried away on
a stretcher (accident.jpg); the night was murky. Lights bisected the
neighborhood. I told you not to speed. 

If there are events, images make events, and events make images; an event
is what you might call something and something is what you might call an
event. I could not tell what the man's eyes saw, if it were a man or a
woman. Like an event or an image or something, the night was illuminated
by artificial light, that is human-created light, harnessed light, redi-
rected from or within energy sources. 

Wherever the light was, the night was bisected, so that the light was
night's hieroglyph. Wherever your text is, contrast produces the event/
text, which is your transmission or my reception; I can tell, not what you
see, but what is my reception. 

Nor could I tell its margins, of this, and pictures are now words. That
is, a picture is digitally fabricated. And on the net, everything is fab-
ricated. So if everything is fabricated, what is real?

The original jpg was much too large for email! And I wanted the _Hopper
effect,_ the illusion created by impressionist renderings, vis-a-vis the
dream screen / maternal breast, that the image is archaic, architectonic,
timeless, stretching from horizon to horizon: the perfect accident. 

Now the image is tiny, and slips in and out of email, just like that. It
is of the nature of a standing wavelet; perhaps the driver was all right
after all, and perhaps there wasn't a driver in the first place.

Tiffany says you've got to forgive my stupidity; I should just be silent
and allow the image to speak for itself. I reply that an image has no
language, although there is a rough "language of images" which references
semiotic material on one hand, and aesthetics on the other. She says that
there's a truth to the image, although I point out its manipulative power
and existence only within the digital domain. She offers me her breast,
and I am silent, as she requested by virtue of her offering.

I say to Tiffany that the point of this is lost, that there was an event
but not an _ur-event,_ that there was a recording, that it is all con-
struct and who can tell its value on the Net, or even otherwise? Does the
body of the driver sink into representation? I think not, not at that last
moment certainly, although illumination is necessary to see the driver. Is
the driver _read_ by virtue of _his or her_ illumination? The readers are
not the writers; the subject is a supplement, gruel for the camera. 

So I say to Tiffany we're exhausted by theory, by representation, by the
very construct we've applauded. And these domains now intersect the cor-
porate, hell-bent on continuing the corrosion, not of truth, but of sil-
ence, or of truth by virtue of silence, an other silence, manufactured,
in suspense. Tiffany points out truth's construct, but she has offered me
her breast. Orally, I am speechless.

Honey


