



Dotted Legs and Eyes


[This is accompanied by heart.jpg and poster.jpg for Cybermind only; it
is understandable without the images, which would only come through as
text on Fop-l. Sorry.]

Representation is always a becoming; it has lost any other meaning
through overuse and theoretical exhaustion. Like "nice," it signals an
emission or spray of part-objects, receptions, packets, bits and inter-
faces. Representation goes nowhere, succumbing to information overload. 

He can't face the cunt. He turns away, takes a marker, defaces it. He
tears the paper from the poster, leaving a wound. He wads his gum, sticks
it _on the spot._ The image can't be left alone; it troubles him. Or he
laughs at it, paws it. He paws it so hard that he digs into it. In Dover
where the Napoleonic fortifications are carved into the cliffs, I came
across a 150 year old scratched drawing of a woman-ah-those-soldiers;
where her cunt was, a hole was gouged, not big enough for insertion, but
fine for denial. Freud would have approved, fled, turned back in shame;
so what? _He can't face the cunt._

He looks down between his legs, waves his cock. The cunt rides on a pla-
teau of skin, one of the 1001; it's criss-crossed, has no _depth._ The
woman _has the depth._ It's a nightmare he can't face. He sculpts her in
marble, closes it off, cuts back the hair. Virgin-Mary-suture all over
again. Where cunt is, thread goes - shut the mouth. In the Sudan, cut
back everything, leaving only a pinprick of a hole; Pharaonic circum-
cision gets rid of labia, clitoris, back to vessel Mary. Mary should have
torn herself apart; her eyes, Medea, should have burned everyone and
everywhere and _man_kind on its knees should have started over.

His cock is tiny; it's not nearly as big as a brick or a building. He
holds his balls; they're heart-shaped. They're always hidden by the cock,
gored, unrepresented. They're tiny furnaces, plain, featureless; unlike
breasts, they have no nipples. There's no _point_ to them. He knows
there's no _point_ to the cock either, which has to be thought away to
appear pointed. It's not his; he lacks. He lacks and knows the hole, any
hole, his own, is unfathomable. The hole is fractal, rimmed; he's afraid
it goes on forever and ever.

So he's in the subway or on the streetcorner and there's this tease image
which is always already part of the machine, this corporate image, this
lure, making him pay. It makes everyone pay. He's got to close it up,
close it off. He scratches it out. After the cunt, the eyes, and every-
thing will be complete, and he can go home again. Then the scene two at
home begins: how much he loves women, how he loves his mother and sis-
ters, how great women are. So that he can leave again and kill anyone who
doubts or disses for the slightest. So he can boast of conquest, opening
them up with his very own prick. 

Everywhere you go, you see these scratches; representations are so vuln-
erable; representations of women are so very vulnerable. They breathe
slowly in the city. They last a very short time. Scene three, that one
should carry a gun.


