


Breaking You / Down


I was talking to you about starting an email list and my server crashed
and I logged on through server error as someone else because his account
hadn't closed properly; as someone else, I continued with you, but you
had thought I might have died; we were both susceptible to depression. 

Now when I telephone you, I leave a message and you leave a message in
return.

But there is that moment when my image fractures on your video receive,
freezes there, and whatever arousal was possible, disappears.

When we chatted, you could never read my words, only see my body turned
text at the bottom. When the server crashed, I tried to log back in at
28.8 but had to change to 14.4 and 16 bit and the keyboard froze as the
video application refused to open; upon rebooting, I came in again, but
you could never read my words.

Embarrassed to talk or say anything to you on the powwow chat, which was
broken up by others; later our email disappeared slowly over months until
we no longer remember each other's names. 

You contacted me on video and we tried to direct connect, but never made
it through and you left silently, while I attempted over and over again,
calling the empty air.

On internet relay chat, I trembled repeatedly, waiting for the cheap con-
nection to open up, until the bans were announced with my disappearance.

Writing you from the web personals page, my email left no trace, vanished
into cyberspace without reply; perhaps I was unworthy, perhaps another
breakdown as you no longer visited the site or deigned to answer anyone.

On talk just before cumming, systems crashed and letters splattered onto
screens no longer divided, no longer reflecting anything but the direct
connect to narcissism's disease, always just above the surface.

Planes are cancelled; I beg you not to come, turn away; I beg you to come;
weather interferes; cars break down; no one is home; computers crash with
all their addresses gone; phone lines are downed just as everything begs
for resolution; money's disappeared as well and the calls, visits, hard-
ware and software upgrades, come to a stop or final stage. 

Or the mail never arrives, or we misread each other's letters, or there
are no letters, or the mail arrives and we have disappeared, or there are
too many letters, or the labor becomes exhausting - all that trembled typ-
ing. Or the text glows white-dreaming-fire, black-fire, luminescent, in-
candescent, continuing through sleep what has broken during the day, chan-
ging, transforming everything between us - what was ever between us, what
we had dreamed, imagined, between us, dreaming, _having-been-dreamed._

Or the imagination does, or the fears, or the fantasies. Or the real turns
liquid, stumbles down my chest, pools on the floor; I'm ashamed. Or I
can't speak any longer, the quarters have run out, the subway's coming, I
can't hear a thing. Or you have forgotten my number, or there are no numb-
ers, or just names: host ip 198.7.0.4, ip 166.84.250.149, tel 718-857-
3671, these are my names, and they belong to you, slide up one against an-
other. 

Faltering the lines; faltering the hard drives, the computers; faltering,
your configurations; faltering, my displays or yours; faltering, corrupted
files carrying my body to you, corrupted transmissions carrying my face
and voice to your vicinity; faltering, power failures, storms, overloads,
crashed routers, short-changed, stolen mail, hacked accounts, email boun-
ces, black-hole-loopings, lost packets and drowned voices, filled mail-
boxes, unpaid accounts, moved without notice, no forwarding address, this
line has been disconnected, this number no longer exists, check your in-
formation, we have no such listing.

It's the breaks; it robs me; splinters me; my marrow turns towards un-
known uses, foods; I'm pinned down; there are holes in bodies everywhere,
wires corroding against skin pierced with one attempt after another:

They call this _botched;_ it's _botched._


