


The Life at a Distance from the Life


I am _living at a distance, this life at a distance,_ because I am on pan-
ix.com and panix is primarily an ISP, newsgroups notwithstanding. Other
servers here such as Echo are local bulletin-board systems as well; some
servers, such as the thing, have fairly specific demographics, both local
and international (the arts community for example).

I turn towards the world in its entirety, and there's no difference be-
tween here and there unless a relationship intervenes. Then stress ensues
and I collapse again a node or local or vector origin or end-point that
remains effortless.

If there are mirrors and windows around (a metaphor I hear on occasion),
then for me panix is much more a window. Mirrors, through their narcis-
sism, do cultivate a greater degree of consumer loyalty of course; one is
one _in them._ A window appears defined, if at all, by its frame.

The phenomenology of on-line access services is rarely discussed seriously
in CMC research - except perhaps in the case of AOL. Differences at best
are drawn between prompt/menu interfaces in shell accounts, and GUIs (gra-
phic user interfaces). But the modes of access are crucial for understand-
ing individual reactions and uses of CMC. For example, if one is on talk a
great deal and switches to ytalk - which permits multiple simultaneous
talks - the beginning of community interaction (and later self-conscious-
ness) could result. 

For me, the use of the Korn shell permits the development of an extensive
.profile file, which contains perhaps forty different macros. I can dance
across Net applications; everything is abbreviated. "1 b 2 ls 3 pico zz 4
b 5 tin 6 b 7 pico zz 8 b 9 pico zz 10 h 11 m 12 l 13 h >> zz" is my cur-
rent command history for example. This dancing, movement, consists largely
of one-letter entries; with foreground/background operations as well, the
result can be multilayered, cortical columns or lamina filled with ins-
criptive potential. 

Meanwhile, I continue as a _citizen of the world,_ a bad phrase I first
heard seriously in a Copenhagen club years and years ago. At the time I
thought it absurd and pretentious; now I see it partaking of a rarefied
atmosphere which is endless, melancholic, of the Kristevan order of the
semiotic - a description that matches well the coming-and-going of pack-
ets. The human need for nesting dissolves in distantiation and analysis
(Kristeva points out, in fact, that "analysis" comes from the Greek for
"dissolution").

And the question that emerges - _How can one live here?_ - quickly, all
too quickly, transforms into the millennial - _How can one live at all?_


