


Early Intimations of Cyberspace


(From a work completed in 1975, published in the Projects in Nature
catalog.)

"(From the second working day at the farm.) The preservation of continuity
through the rupture of the discourse from its referencing. (Engaged in
field work, I find my first Turbellaria, and follow its activity for twen-
ty minutes under the microscope. The organism becomes individuated; its
realm is that of the circle of life generated by the lamp. Its movement is
parallel to the surface of the slide, which also determines the body
orientation. It _appears_ as if in constant response to gravity; I look
_down_ at it. Its possibly eccentric world of helical gyration, of the
swarm, of the mist of protozoa, algae, rotifera, bacteria, etc., remains
alien to me. I assume, however, that the animal reveals itself through the
image of the slide, _this_ particular image; I assume that this animal is
_this_animal, and no other; in brief, I give it _character,_ a life of its
own. The imaging on my part, the choice involved, the location and altera-
tion (continual) of the microscope lamp and condenser, my hands constantly
at the focusing and and mechanical stage controls ... waiting for the pos-
sibility of photography ... [...] As if this were a revelation of anything
at all but recession of the subject, both figurative (in terms of the aut-
onomy of discourse that forms the passive subject of the project) and
literal (the dessication of the animal, its eventual death on the slide,
or later, in the drain...)."


"Phrases:

"The plane of the equipment. The tremulous assertion of nature. The sus-
pension of discourse. The relation between the abstract and phenomenolo-
gical. The legendary structuring of the life-world. The liquidity of the
body, the liquidity of the surface. The submergence. The other as nature,
as Nature. The dark star. The alien and the subsummable. The false peace
in the form of a fragment from Romanticism:

"Nature, rising to greet us, in a dawn's light
As the stag leaps, trembles. The very welcome
Speaks defense."


