



Cumming In the Void


Like John Giorno with his doubled-up pasty columns of reiterated poetics,
I cum into the void - although not into a seen, but the anxiety of abso-
lute silence, resonant with the clacking of computer keys, the ritual of
cleansing the body. 

Not into anything. The screen doesn't shatter. There is no one in the loft
with me. Grunts and groans and other humorous sounds clatter to the floor.
One of the plants is dying.

I am on the edge of a cliff; it's the writing that holds back the abyss,
because the writing _says_ "abyss." It says this with five strokes of the
hand. The letters criss-cross the void, make it appear solid, give it the
substance and weight of a hissing word.

There is no social drama in my life. There's cumming with the blank or
full eye of the video image, earphone of phone sounds, type clatter. I
know that everything shuts down but the writing. The writing, headless,
continues. 

I expose myself like this, because there is nothing to expose. My body
falls to pieces on the floor. It's a bot-body; you're dealing with a cy-
borg virally infested with part-objects, not transitional ones, called
letters. Letters for others are transitions to something else, the ref-
erent maybe. Here, they're just pieces, bytes.

Rest assured of this. I cum and I don't need to fantasize; maybe your
image is there, your voice is there, your type. It's all there. I'm told
that's all there is; there's no horizon, no project, nothing. The ritual
is in the cleaning, toilet paper or towel, traditional ten steps to my
left, another ten to left again (I do nothing if not repeat), into the
bathroom; you might see me disappear for a moment, hear the sound of
flushing.

Flushing screams into a room of silence, only because there is nothing
stopping it. Sound laps against the walls. If I leave the window open in
this over-heated loft, it travels across the river to Manhattan.

When I think about my life, all of this terrifies me. I once saw a for-
est and an ocean. I once was other than a function. Now cumming is the
signifier of a crash, a wound, dejection. I love it because it's a little
death, because it's the most I can do with a computer. I love it because I
can see I'm alive and with CuSeeMe someone else can too. The loving lasts
for a split-second. It disappears with the fluid.

This has taught me philosophy: ontology is orgasm. There's none other.
It's the moment of getting carried away when the body's supplementary
shudder speaks without the performative of language. Nor is ejaculation
interjection. 

Nothing is ever wasted, thrown out, in this bitter bitter absence of a
world.

