



(I was asked to give the opening address at the Perth conference on cyb-
ermind. The following is an outline of the talk, which would be drawn
from this extemporaneously; I'd appreciate any comments you might have.
Thanks, Alan) 


1. Cybermind - what the list is, what it has meant to me, both in terms
of community and research. 


2. Research into virtuality: Humanity begins to make a leap _somewhere
else_ that involves, inherently, the digital domain. The traditional
analog world of philosophy is turned inside-out. How can one theorize
the digital?

a. The immediate approach cannot be looking at the world around one
(sitting at a desk, red patch, etc.), since the digital world is con-
struct. Therefore a philosophy will also be an anthropology, involving
both intervention and participation, as well as bracketing.

b. The intervention/participation is _background_ and _foreground,_
understanding and acknowledging software options, languages, connection
bandwidths, filtering options, hardware requirements, protocols, and the
range of commands available to the user and administrator.

c. As _foreground,_ personal experience and some understanding of phen-
omenological description are necessary. I attempt myself to extend as far
as possible into the virtual realm, within and across applications. I
attempt to work on the margins of an application in relation to decon-
struction on one hand, and substructure/hacking on the other. I think it
is necessary to associate and disassociate the levels in 2b., including
various interfaces, and the phenomenology/psychoanalytics of virtuality. 

d. Examples - Traceroute indicating breakdown across the Net; understand-
ing netsplits in relation to IRC; understanding both the signified as
fluid (anything standing for anything within textuality) and proper name
(netsplit standing for concrete rupture).

e. The linguistic dispersion model of the Internet - fluxes of languages,
communities. Wherever there is a niche with at least one-to-one or more
communicating, both community and sexuality develop.

f. Ontology and epistemology in relation to virtuality, virtual subjec-
tivity, virtual entities.


3. Introduction to issues to be considered later - low bandwidth, easily
available applications. Haves and have-nots within the virtual and real.
Advantages and disadvantages of wiring everyone.


