


Site


[This essay is being sent out with four illustrations, in the form of
jpegs; two are accompanying the text and two are sent within a part ii
separate email, in case your mailer won't handle four attachments. If you
are on Fop-l, the essay is sent without the illustrations; Fop-l can't
handle MIME attachments.]


Brooklyn is a borough which has infolded upon itself, in-formed itself,
recuperated political boundaries, time and time again; its somewhat
natural boundaries limit its physical growth. Reminiscent of medieval
London, it is a confabulation of smaller villages; the resulting coag-
ulation obscures even the slope of Park Slope (parkslope.jpg), unless
seen from the parapet of the Williamsburg Bank Building (flatbush.jpg),
the tallest in Brooklyn.

I live in a region of three cultures, defined, not according to ethnici-
ty, but by the size and topography of the thoroughfares passing through
it. Within a few blocks of my loft (home.jpg), a number of major streets
come together:  Atlantic, Fulton, Fourth Avenue, and Flatbush (flatbush.-
jpg). Fourth, Atlantic, and Flatbush are all major arteries connecting to
Manhattan;  Flatbush forms the central spine of downtown (Fulton Mall). 
Traffic on these streets is fast and reckless at times;  I've seen liter-
ally dozens of accidents, ranging from fender-benders to the strewing of
an entire family in pieces across Flatbush. 

Locally, Flatbush is a connector with small businesses providing somewhat
weak centers of attraction (a hardware store, hair parlors, etc.). For
the most part, the businesses are poor, as they are around my building
(Dean Street and Fifth Avenue, home.jpg); there are abandoned store-
fronts, and just up Fifth, abandoned buildings as well. But there is also
a vibrant streetlife on Fifth, which is an extension of more set neigh-
borhoods, those that provide strong attractors, with rising real-estate
prices (see parkslope.jpg) such as Park Slope, Boerum Hill, and Brooklyn
Heights.

Change between one and another neighborhood in Brooklyn is super-fast; 
cross a street, and you can be _somewhere else_ entirely. In my immediate
vicinity, the _artery culture_ creates a node-to-node sensibility; even
though the roads are local (i.e. with local access and not elevated), the
traffic may well not be. Think of this as the territory of the Web; in
fact, a Mall, one of the largest in New York, is opening about a quarter
mile from me, in the center of the "no-man's land" carved out of the maj-
or thoroughfare intersections (see noman.jpg).

This territory is _not_ primarily business or strip-mall; it simply be-
longs nowhere, and the speed of the traffic means that there is very
little contestation for physical (asychronous). There are major police
and fire stations nearby, but even without them, drugs and gangs would
have little reason to operate on those traffic islands that Ballard so
brilliantly wrote about.

Because of its emptiness, social welfare agencies have moved in. There
are psychoanalytical, AIDs, unemployment, and medical services nearby.
These services tend to use pre-existing buildings; while they preserve
the architectural character of the neighborhood (which is close to nil),
they contribute to a non-local flow that contributes to keeping the area
mostly non-local in feeling.

People find _pathways_ across the no-man's land region, in order to shop,
visit, go to school or work, and so forth. Unlike the Net, these pathways
are obdurate, impossible to displace. On the Net, the cinematic jump-cut
reigns; a link can be local or global. On CuSeeMe two nights ago, for
example, I was connected to Italy, Idaho, and Antarctica (Mc Murdo). 

Local culture, the neighborhood, is defined as a place, site of contes-
tation, and resistance. It is a place which has temporal continuity, and
is often connected with local narratives, which help anchor the sense of
community. It need not follow along sexual preference or ethnic lines (my
neighborhood, for example, is radically mixed), but often does. On the
Net, a neighborhood is a "home"; one calls, for example, PMC2-MOO hir
home, even though s/he may be have a home _within_ the MOO indicated by
the @sethome feature. 

Within various MOOs, there have been discussion about the phenomenology
of the @go and @join commands, both of which result in "jump-cutting"
across the virtual terrain. While this allows immediate access to people
and sites (I favor it), it does reduce the feeling of distance or mapped
terrain (some MOOs like Media operate off of a central map, as a matter
of fact - as do most MUDs and talkers). There is no labor involved, no
sense of landscaping. The neighborhood becomes a jumped node - but then,
one jumps "into" a MOO in the first place (note the preposition).

Artery and local cultures are somewhat self-evident and occupied by easi-
ly comprehended trajectories; the pathways follows real vectors through
or within the spaces. The no-man's land, however, is very different,
always in the process of situational/situationist establishment, always
occupying the imaginary. Vectors within it appear to be the result of
impinging forces, not necessarily generated by the participants them-
selves. There's a sense of detournement, on the move. No-man's lands are
also, of course, post-modern, not a cathecting of competing artery and
local cultures, but a decathecting of culture altogether. They're the
territory before the settlement, the hill before the colonia "invasion,"
the abandoned town square or central city.  They're spaces of disease,
the "weed," the dis-ease. 

There's little equivalent in cyberspace. _Here,_ there is no here, unless
there is function, or was function. There are abandoned spaces - I have a
MOO still inaccessibly running on a machine over at Parsons Design De-
partment, for example.  But there are not _impinged_ spaces in the same
sense; the nearest would be an over-used IRC channel with too many parti-
cipants hacking each other. However, if cyberspace is considered as
_corporate_ totality, the situation is different; Microsoft and others
attempt monopoly control within a highly unpredictable (read impinging)
demographics/economics. Just as with no-man's land (see noman.jpg), the
space fragments, dissolves, upon closer examination.

There's no conclusion to all of this. Brooklyn divides into a number of
regions, including park, airport, freeway, corporate, retail, etc. (not
to mention issues of zoning, natural geographic features, populations).
Within my immediate vicinity, there are local, artery, and no-man's
cultures. The last translates into a phenomenology of impingement remin-
iscent of corporate Net contestation - although here, physically, it's
not contested (in the sense of takeover) at all. The local culture is the
neighborhood, paralleled by "home" spaces on the Net. The artery culture
displays itself through malls and local stores as a Web culture, but -
like the others - it requires physical movement between any two points,
and therefore is "granular," or obdurate - within a physicality that, in
part, defines it.


What is needed for the Net is a phenomenology based on, say Lefebvre's
work on space or Mike Davis' City of Quartz (as well as his essays). A
second basis would be the research that has been done on formal and
informal (black-market, grey-market, etc.) economies, and their inter-
penetrations - the setting-up of a colonia does have parallels with the
establishment, say, of a MOO or talker - including negotiations (also
both formal and informal) with (systems) administrators, _jefes,_ and so
forth. (Maybe on the other hand, too much research is already coming out
of exhausted social science traditions. Maybe even more theory, decon-
structive, phenomenological, or foundational, is necessary here.) 

In any case, we'll never catch up; we're both behind and ahead of the
game, but at least we're ahead. 

I'm going _home._


