





MOO: 



(From Big-Tail, Haida Texts and Myths, Swanton)



 During that time Supernatural-being-at-whose-voice-the-ravens-sit-on-

the-sea held him in his armpit. He let him look at the supernatural

beings. But the supernatural beings did not know it. 

 As before the house began to shake. Presently the feet of someone

appeared coming in through the doorway. After some time had passed he

stepped in, and the house shook. Then the supernatural beings said "A". 

He took a step with the other foot. Something with large, broad eyelids

entered. Nothing happened. 

 Some time after that something came along making a rattling noise. By 

and by she came in with a crowd of female servants. Djila'qons it was who 

came in among them. She had her eyebrows painted with red paint. They 

entered. Something about her sounded like a rattle. Big-tale kept his 

eyes upon her all the time.

 But Woman-sitting-and-smelling walked in before her. After having sat

there for a while she raised herself up. She began to talk to Djila'qons. 

She asked her why she had painted her eyebrows red and Djila'qons

answered: "I had it done on your account." Then she turned toward the 

wall and wiped it off. And she turned toward the fire and sat down.

 Sometime after they say that Pestilence came in. His canoe was like a 

white man's vessel. Sparks flew out of it. They went through the house. 

For that reason the supernatural beings were afraid. The things that came 

out of it are what cause sickness. The supernatural beings feared they 

would strike them. He refused to enter. He went back.

 Then the nephew of Supernatural-being-at-whose-voice-the-ravens-sit-on-

the-sea went out and said: "You are not the only one who has supernatural

power. I have supernatural power. My uncle also has supernatural power. 

So you better not come in." Then he (the nephew) entered, and when he

untied a little something against the roof of the house, which was like a

hollow tube closed with knots at both ends, Pestilence's canoe was quickly

turned about. Then he said he would enter. "I will go in." Presently he 

entered. Nothing happened. [They say it was Tidal-wave who owned that.] 

All that time a space was left vacant in the rear of the house. No one 

sat there. By and by the one who came in first sang. And, after he had 

finished singing, he acted with a mask on from behind the screen they had 

stretched across. After he had acted with the mask on for a while, it 

split crosswise on his face, and snow came out of it in a broad sheet. 

Then it fell first by the vacant seat. After that it fell in front of the 

chief's house. And after that his face also split vertically. Out of the 

split the same substance fell. That was property, they say. 



------



"This concept - cyberspace as essentially religious - must be examined 

critically, for it is too likely to be an artifact of Sadean space, which 

is naturally blasphemous. But there is no need to dwell on religiosity; 

cyberspace is _acorporeal spiritual space._" (John Simmons, Sade and 

Cyberspace in Resisting the Virtual Life, eds. Brook and Boal.)



