







Honey:> nothing works in this space, it's empty, it's been empty ever

since you died. i look for your name on the header, i look for it on cc:,

i look for it on bcc: and nothing, emptiness. 

Alan:> my packets circulate forever, it's a waste of time, of space, elec-

trons shunting from one state to another, repeaters and quantum tunnelings

everywhere, quantum rearrangement sloughed off at uncanny intervals. 

Honey:> outside my window i hear the firing of guns. outside my window,

the smoke of cannons. outside my window, dark angels fly with your name

upon their wings, your name upon their eyelids, your name everywhere,

vision angel flight. 

Alan:> i turn toward the project of desire. i have named every blade of 

grass. i cry over the paper slipped beneath the sill of the door. i cry 

over the threshold turned to stone by pain (trakl). the whip collapses 

against empty air.

Honey:> the whip collapses, line wrap is artificial, the darkness extends 

far beyond the boundaries of the terminal. the words huddle in the midst 

of the inconceivable. the words begin to forget your name.

me:> names are there to be forgotten, traced against what memory holds 

back for the sake of the body. we live in the forgetting of the future; 

we have no other home. yearning, not desire (spinoza), is the essence of 

the body. "ich verginge von seinem staerkeren dasein" (rilke), i'd pass 

away  before his stronger existence. 

Honey:> you who are about to read these words, know that there were lovers

too in the planet of your heart. you who are about to die, we salute you.

you who are about to live, we are forgotten in the ashes traced through

the body of the very air you breathe. our atoms have no names, only our 

bodies have names, we circulate in the darkness of your screen.

me:> over there, the whisper of nothing in the darkness.

you:> over here, a shimmer, as if the presence of a ghost crossing through

the plane of the other. 

me:> voices merging, lost in the depth of the letters.

you:> speaking together, the last choir ever heard upon this emptied earth.

:> this earth silenced, this _punctum_ in the night of readerless space.

:> this fastness upon the deep.

this deep.



































