





I'm Nice





It's so nice to meet someone in real life. I'm really glad you're alive. 

It's nice for you to smile at me the way you do. I'm happy that I can 

make you smile.



I'm so used to doing nothing but talking on the Internet. Sometimes I 

sing on the Internet but it all comes out the same. I'm sure you like my 

voice, it really is beautiful, isn't it?









What the body can't do without you next to me:



Rajnengi Pardhan



_Patangarh, Manda District_



Mahadeo was a god, Parvati a human creature. Mahadeo wanted to approach the

beautiful Parvati, but he did not know how to do it, for she was terrified

of his divine power. So he created in her the sensation of tickling so that

he could easily make her laugh. When as a result he won her, Mahadeo was

pleased and gave the blessing of it to the world. Now it is an introduction

to the shy, a pacifier of offended partners, and a delight for lovers.



Why cyberspace is safe:



Koya



_Akarpalli, Koraput District_



One day a woman was engaged in roasting rice. A man went by on his way to

plough in his fields and asked her for fire. She was sitting with her legs

stretched out and he saw her thing and liked it. He thought, 'If I ask for

it, she will never give it to me.' So he went behind her and sent out his

long penis: it went circling and curving round, and at last went in. The

woman lifted up her rice-husker and brought it down with a bang on the 

penis, cutting it in two. The seed came out: she planted it in an anthill

and a mushroom grew from it: that is why the mushroom is always slimy. For

this reason too woman wears a pubic cloth, so that men may not see her

thing.



Why morphing is not always a good idea:



Gond



_Pakhri, Mandala District_



In former times, the penis grew from a man's forehead: it was three hands

long and hung down in front like an elephant's trunk. Woman's vulva was in

the middle of her chest. But one day Bhairopal went in a marriage-party

to a certain village. He was chasing the girls with his long trunk, shak-

ing it at them as if he would beat them. The Manjhi's wife was angry at 

this and came out with a knife to cut it off. He grasped it in his hands

but he could only save four fingers' breadth. The Manjhi's wife cut off

the rest and threw it away. But now the stump sticking out from the fore-

head did not look nice, and men went to Mahadeo and begged him to put it

somewhere else. He placed it between the thighs Then Parvati went to him

and said, 'It is not good that men should have their thing so low down and

women should have it so high up.' Mahadeo kicked her between the thighs

and made a hole there.



Why the fear of women always results in the same old story:



Gond



_Bilhar, Bilaspur District_



When the first child was born, his mother sprinkled his penis with hot and

cold water. When the boy went for the first time to a girl, he found fire

insideher. Because of the fire, the skin of his penis shrank. That is why

the prepuce can be pulled back.



(Verrier Elwin, Myths of Middle India.)



[There are thousands of homologies among texts, discursivities among

cyberspaces, cyberminds, the legendary, the psychoanalytical uncanny.

There are no limits and I continue to follow the trace.]



