





Book and Information





Since I've been on-line I read more than ever. I read books, almost no 

newspapers, some magazines, get my news through radio/television while 

working on-line, but since then recently I found the trajectories tak- 

ing over the Usenet groups, useful for the quick info fix given a que- 

stion or two but hardly room for anything more, and I get scared read- 

ing some of the poems coming over the line sensing nothing learned now 

and then in thousands of years so thinking don't go here for the quick

fix but read the works first beforehand how else you going to cut rock 

with a fine touch, almost paper thin, reading the lines inscribed upon 

it? 



The Web bounces around like juggurnaut with us beneath it or nineteen- 

th century car almost the same carrying painted performances, but when 

you tired of the same or bridge the information you find you're not in 

fact inhabiting or dwelling within almost too many statements that you 

might place together in a chain in order to suture the hunger that dr- 

ives you still, no matter. It's in the book and what doesn't come acr- 

oss is the book, the dark vaginal crease where page joins page, or re- 

minder of thought's bridged abyss, as when the router either loops, or

disappears.



Thought disappears, dross and chaff quaffed, tossed down. So decathect

now Web, Usenet, I still wander Media's halls, but inhabit thought:  |

see, there's this discussion on Future Culture begun with what       |

would be the best language, no matter, and this absurdity then       |

leading into language's inhabiting, dwelling, from which with-       |

in the threshold, not even an equivalence but a necessary abs-       |

ence of comparison occurs. This inhabiting. Which is what the book is.

Which is what is the opening of the book, not even hypertext, not even

links but these moments of transformation where your action is nothing 

at all or more than the turn of the page from the turn of the eyes. In 

this way what is broken is made whole again and, one can rest in know-

ledge.



