





Reading Others





I was waiting for the bus to Pennsylvania. I began thinking about loss,

about the myths I have been reading on occasion all my life, how these

myths are so antithetical to the Greek and Roman legacy, to the Niebel-

ungenlied, to the Eddas as well. While I was waiting I wrote about the

lack of closure in a lot of other myths, the concatenation of events

rather than their tethering to schemata that seem to bring them in like

spies out of the cold. The real's foreclosed in the Classical legacy, and

even the work done on generalized taxonomic classifications of themes/

structures (or structuralism's classical legacy for that matter), tends to

obscure the alterity of these narrations (for that is what they are, rath-

er than, I think, "tales" or "legends," since they move about subject-

wise, even to the extent of local psychogeographies). 



Foreclosure is everywhere within the Classical, ranging from the complex-

ity of rhyme schemes beyond the couplet, to the future anterior tensing

of fate. The rhetorical is always already foreclosed, just as linguistic

structure appears before its fulfillment (relegating pauses, in general,

to an appearance _after_ the bridge, as in: "I was going home, but, uh,

I went to her house instead."). So language appears against the real,

in the guise of the symbolic; meanwhile, I search for an anti-symbolic

in the midst of language, borrowing from the potential of an anti-struc-

turalism such as found in Jean Duvignaud's Change at Shebika, itself a

classic text at this point. (Note that even Lingis modulates into fore-

closure based on desire, culmination, fulfillment, tumescence.)



Then, near the time of departure, my batteries running low, I thought

further into these differences, considering the role of writing itself

(Ong, McLuhan, Sampson, there are dozens of others) - writing creating

text as a data-base which is non-linear, surprise, which can be accessed

anywhere and everywhere, and which thereby lends itself to overall or

overt structure, structure beyond the couplet, beyond the localized

alliterations which themselves quickly developed rules. 



The TEXT is a movement from the imaginary to the symbolic, from the sha-

manic uncanny to foreclosure, from affect to effect. On the other hand,

REPETITION is a return through defuge to the imaginary, uncanny, and

affect. (See my texts in the g.txt portion of the Internet Text.)



Because the text is what has always already departed the body, speech left

behind, packets in fact. The bus came, taking me away, out of New York,

into Pennsylvania, towards something even more familiar. Later I thought

about reading the others, where there are no texts, where texts only come

into being through postscription, where texts come into play. 



