



Given a _message base,_ a message can be construed as the primary unit or

framework within it. (The message doesn't fit into an empty slot or bin,

but defines one.) The _content_ of the message, in terms of the ordinary-

language semantics at work, crosses the framework in a nonlinear pattern

(unlike film, for example, where the frame is linear, and the content

sequentially determined by it). The framework itself of a message-base may

be in the form of an n-dimensional array, with the content-structure a

fuzzy membrane mapped onto it. 



The _content_ of the message in the sense above is passive, since the

message structure itself serves as a Peircian sheet-of-assertion, and

nothing more. Nevertheless, messages can interfere with their frameworks,

and with the framework array itself, through the use of escape-codes,

hidden characters (or their absence), etc. So the arrangement is one of

protocols, not bins, and the protocols may be modified from within, as

well as without (i.e. the determinant over-all structure). 



Foreclosing is important here; the normative message (i.e. one which has

no activating codes) possesses discrete boundaries/labels; it is the space

which it occupies. (There are no empty bins, although there may be empty

folders, messages, and (in Caucus), items.) Foreclosing refers to this

boundary-condition; it also refers to the distinctions among the various

protocol layers of TCP/IP in relation to the ASCII text of the message,

and the text's semantics/ostensible contents. The text rides on the pro-

tocol layers, and is isolated from them, just as the layers themselves are

relatively isolated. 



Foreclosing means more, however, on the level of semantics. In real-life

conversation, speech acts are accompanied by gestures, interruptions,

facial expressions, and so forth (see Derrida/Searle, Limited Inc.).

Within the Net's message-bases, posts are completed, foreclosed, before

and in relation to the reply; a series of productions are created, each

with its own formatting and ordering structures, always related to the

whole. No matter how short the reply-post is, the header remains intact 

(unless the header itself is hacked or created on a protocol level, as 

with telnet 25).



In other words, the texts are only _weakly-performative_ in relation to

ordinary conversation. In real life, verbal agreements/contracts are

accompanied by everything from handshakes to facial expressions, tone of

voice, and the obdurate presence of the body that constructs the agreement

as "authentic," much as the signature on a check is based on a construc-

tion of authenticity resulting from the movement of the hand/ fingers of a

unique body. But electronic texts, again, are foreclosed from any of the

signs of the real (even tracerouting can be faked by hackers), leaving one

with the need for at least a limited amount of good faith, in order that

the performative operate at all.



In other words, again: the performative in cyberspace is _either_ that 

which occurs as the result of activating codes, _or_ that which is, in 

relation to speech-act theory, weakly-performative at best, and based on 

a degree of good faith, first and foremost reading the body into what is 

construed as "its" site.



