





Thinking the Although





Travis reacted to the crawling of needles through space; they were grouped

in cones, vectors emanating from elliptically loose sectors, constantly

mobile, forms of inconceivable life. The needles were almost uniform in

length, line segments which nonetheless appeared as if their headstream

from the origin carved into the emptiness of virtual particles. And so

their headstream thrust out of emissions, origins, sources, delays, sub-

terfuges, enormous, quiet, and miserably small in the great solitude. For

Travis knew instinctively that his mind alone was organizing the rays,

wrapping them together in an obscene language that mapped his body in 

the midst of the nebula, handstreamers, footstreamers reaching everywhere

like wires carrying the void within them, the abyss without. 



Space shimmered with the grouping of the needles, dark, almost bloodbrown,

striated undergoing transformations in the sectors from which all others

were defined, defined as nothing more than memory. Maybe his last thought

was that of the neural causeway, but there was no last thought. Maybe he

thought of the detour of the symbolic, the limited alphabetic sets that

importuned to carry the weight of gestures beyond gestures, sloughing into

invisible octants of invisible inflationary spirals. 



Or maybe he thought that thinking wouldn't do, that there was a certain

wisdom in this, and somehow this wisdom filled him, Travis-tumescent, with

the limitless thinking, the needles becoming the fabric of thought, his

mind and body splayed open into the emptiness surrounding him. Were there

others or were there no others. "although the one mind is, it has no exis-

tence," although "negation hides her eyes from her selves which encompass

all things," although "the space of that which is not is the space of what

it is to be the name of me," although there were no others, although 

Travis.



Travis moved his right arm with the sweep of the universe, and galaxies

turned furtively, radiation beamed from dark matter's central regions.

Travis moved his left arm and supernova roared with the uncanny sound of

the internal scream of nuclear transformations. Travis blinked and his

right eye shot through the wormhole of space and time impaled elsewhere

but the same, shot out from blindness roughed towards the body's absenting

despair. Travis spoke and his mouth swallowed primeval life and death,

dooming planets to bleak desert forever, cheated from their rightful 

inheritence of biomolecular beginnings.



Travis:



His hair wrapped in the vectors crawling everywhere towards the stars, or

crawling nowhere, or penetrating pores and subterfuges of the flesh. His

thinking the "although," Travis thinking the "although" which was for him

although he would never know it the beginning of his thought.



Travis: crawled with the membrane of the stars, incandescent molecules

shunting electrons and photons in Bell-theorem unison pulsing with the 

preliminary consciousness of space-time frothed into the right eye of

Travis.



Travis: He pulled back and watched the needles with remaining sight. When

they approached bloodbrown, he did not blink. When they entered, he was

still like the stone he would have remembered. When they penetrated, the 

feeling was one of almost gathered towards the thing of thinking. When he 

began thinking he knew it was from something behind him which was a place. 

The place shimmered, disappeared, Travis thought "although."



