





Born at the Wrong Time





I was born at the wrong time; we all are. Instead of coming to an end of

knowledge, we are posed on the brink of thinking that will take decades,

if not a century to complete. The computer for example is still in its

infancy; in two decades, surely, human-level intelligence will be ach-

ieved. But it will be two decades more before the social is set askew by

this, and even longer if war, famine, or other catastrophies intervene

in the still exponential growth of memory, somewhat already levelling out.



Cosmology, which at one time seemed almost near completion (before the

discovery of quasars), is now wide-open; again, expect decades of work

before anything settles. While DNA has been reasonably decoded, the mind

is still relatively unknown; the exact mechanism of memory is still open

to speculation. Evolution itself is full of gaps, including our own heri-

tage. Literary theory never advances, but circulates/circumambulates; it

continues to do so.



Space exploration, which began with great enthusiasm in the 1960s, has 

been relatively moribund. The great particle accelerators are reaching

their limit. Fusion power is still unworkable. Cancer remains by and large

unknown. Nanotechnology is decades away. Ageing remains obdurate. Compu-

ter-mediated-communication is also in its infancy. Virtual reality has

only begun, largely a matter of clothing and headgear at this point, and

hardly seamless. Fractal, complexity, and catastrophe theory have not

proven to be the mother-lode (gender intended) of applied mathematics.

Axiomatics has dissolved. 



We are beginning to see at least localized disappearances of the classic/

colonial nation-state, replaced by localized mafias tending towards the

global. If this is the beginning of a new feudalism, it will be at least

fifty years before it hardens into place as well, with nuclear threat a

primary component of its fragmented operations. To date, the political

has impeded techological development very little; there is a great degree

of redundancy built into the planet. It is moot at this point whether it

will continue however. And we are all increasingly aware of the impact of

new, virulant diseases; within several decades, these can only increase 

in number. Ecologically, the earth is facing the greatest rate of global

species extinctions ever; we have no idea what the future portends in this

regard. This is not nature doing business as usual; global warming and the

continued increase in ozone holes will be future problems as well; the sea

level is rising inexorably. In the industrialized countries, ageing will

also be a problem, unless a new consciousness arising, perceiving those 

over 70 say as viable members of the community and treating them as such.



There is some indication that natural catastrophies are also on the in-

crease, partly as a result of human intervention; a flood in my region of

Pennsylvania was partly caused by a storm hovering over New York in a

heavily deforested area, creating enormous runoff. So far these catastro-

phies have been relatively contained; this may not always be the case.



In the United States and other industrialized countries currently swing-

ing to the right, the middle and lower classes are becoming increasingly

abandoned; the result is a hardened upper class which need pay no atten-

tion to the rest of the population. Health care for the rest, like auto

insurance, is rising inexorably in cost; the gap between black and white

(in terms of income, etc.) is increasing. This trend began at least two

decades ago; it may continue for decades longer.



I was born at the wrong time; we all are. We are only beginning to recog-

nize our ignorance, after having passed through a classical period of

science (no matter what warnings came from Nietzsche, Kierkegaard, etc.)

dominated by Hertz's mechanics, Klein's mathematics, analysis in general.

Now, it's not so much that, as Lyotard would have it, the meta-narratives

have disappeared into the froth of the postmodern, but that we know the

narratives as unknown - not emptied, but yet to be discovered (if ever).

All our work, and I truly believe this, is condemned to oblivion, to

the curiously antiquated; Baudrillard often reads as such already. The 

turn of the millennium will force us to search farther forward; the past 

has very few signposts to guide us.



So we're interstitial, fulfilling someone else's dream, chattering away

here, with very few clues, or clues that will only be recognized from a

vantage-point we'll never have. Not that there's any reason to despair:

my texts, for example, take up a certain amount of cultural space, at 

least for the second they appear before your eyes, on the road to quick

delete.



Alan



