





Why the Rich Right Will Win





Development = absolute destruction. When an ecosystem is plowed under, it

never re-establishes; at best, an impoverished version with hardier spe-

cies results. The left must call for eternal vigilance which costs money

and time; the right need only wait for an opportune moment. 



Money breeds money; anyone who has a bank account knows that the rich are 

rewarded by higher yields. This filtering breeds class division, never so 

much as at the moment when all of us are paying for the S&L scandals that 

have kept the rich alive, right, and happy.



Privatization is on the increase - home-owners' associations and so forth,

and this tends to distance the poor and their effects on the rich: look at

Brazil or Washington, D.C. Along with privatization, surveillance infil-

trates the poor, who can no longer invisibly organize, and conspiracies

are becoming, more than ever, nothing more than a media effect. 



Increasing regulation of communications (don't forget that television at

one time was _experimental_ and open to everyone all over the band) places

them in the hands of the rich who can afford to bypass any restrains what-

soever. The rich right have _always_ had abortions.



It is the _nature_ of the left to be disparate, and, ever since Marx, dis-

believing in grand narratives. It is the _nature_ of the right to be 

totalizing, monolithic. It is the right who can afford global telecom, 

resulting in global organization; the corporate right, after all, organi- 

zes and owns communications. The poverty of the left - as well as poverty 

itself - is becoming increasingly marginalized.



The _fear,_ still palpable, of technology, sexuality, and the erosion of

the nuclear family, plays into demagogues who simultaneously require

freedom to bear arms and freedom to control the bodies and thoughts of

others. This is a war - don't doubt it for a second - over _women_ and

their _place(ment)_ - as if the pornographic would, _in the first ins-

tance,_ seduce them away from the control of men. 



Ignorance breeds powerlessness and the poor are less and less schooled, 

the left less and less accessed to praxis. 



The lessons of the media are the lessons of _language_ itself; freedom is

transformed into something problematic in the face of language management

and the confusion that is generated by situational ideologies. More: the

right is increasingly concerned about managing _children,_ and this

management hides very real interests - the defusing of radical intent, 

the construction and maintenance of etiquette, class interests, and the 

clean and proper body, and the preparation for a christian millennium.



WE HAVE MET THE ENEMY AND -HE- IS _NOT_ US.





- sondheim



