





Definitions of Life







Everything from the three-volume Towards a Theoretical Biology, 1968,

with contributions by Arbib, Waddington, Bohm, Bastin, Thom, Mayr,

Zeeman, Grene, Langer, Gregory, and others. 



Michael Arbib, quoting R. D. Hotchkiss: "Life has been defined as _the 

repetitive production of ordered heterogeneity._ Elsasser has noted the

importance of the term 'heterogeneity,' since repetitive production of

order _per se_ could describe the operation of physical laws in a life-

less universe." The concept of heterogeneity is useful to distinguish

the crystalline, as well as crystalline kaolin evolutionary tendencies,

from more complicated biomolecular ordered structures, crystalline or

not. One thinks immediately of the tobacco mosaic virus.



Waddington works through earlier definitions of life, for example by

Jacques Loeb in 1916: "The constant synthesis, then, of specific mater-

ial from simple compounds of a non-specific character is the chief fea-

ture by which living matter differs from non-living matter." Haldane

states on the other hand, also quoted by Waddington: "The active main-

tenance of normal and specific structure is what we call life, and the

perception of it is the perception of life. The existence of life as 

such is thus the axiom upon which scientific biology depends." Note 

that here as elsewhere _reproduction_ is somewhat secondary, absorbed

above in the notion of "repetitive production," and below as part of

"active maintenance." Labor is involved, the labor of self-reflexivity,

related to the mirror stage necessary for ego maintenance.



Waddington also describes Muller as saying that "A system is alive if 

it carries specificity and can transmit this specificity to offspring

and if, in addition, the specificity can change and the changed speci-

ficities are also transmitted. Nowadays, using modern jargon, we should

rephrase this slightly, using the word information instead of specifi-

city: a system is living if it encodes hereditarily transmittable in-

formation, if this information sometimes suffers alterations, and if the

altered information is then transmitted." Waddington later questions 

this viewpoint, adding, "To be worthy of being called alive they must, I

think, exhibit some sort of 'physiological activity'."



All of this in a sense is encompassed by the interesting notion of het-

erogeneity above. Life contains what can be considered _awkward form,_

the distinguishing of parts. (Here it is moot whether or not a virus is

alive; it certainly needs a host for any sort of activation whatsoever

and might it not, in fact, be considered a prosthesis of the negativity

of the immune system of the host?)



Bohm: "Thus the difference between life and non-life (and between dif-

ferent levels of intelligence) is perhaps not in the process of evolu-

tion itself, but rather in the degree and kind of intrinsic order of 

order which has thus far resulted from the process of evolution." This

order of order refers to "the coming into being of a new and higher order

of process." It seems to me that the _symmetricizing_ function continues

to break down, somewhat rigorously, as order is transformed; this is in

line with distinguishability.



Elsewhere, Heinz von Foerster has emphasized negation as characteristic

of life, logical negation expressed, among other ways, in the turning-

away from dangerous stimuli, negative tropes. Life tends to self-identi-

fy itself as foreclosed, as "entity"; in fact, life itself may be the

fundamental characteristic of "entity." (Note the quotes.) Iberall says

something related to self-closure: "_the system eats and moves about, so

that it can continue to eat and move about._" Again, reproduction is

de-emphasized in favor of the heterogeneous; I keep stressing this be-

cause of the implications in terms of virtual life, and so forth. Virtual

life require no more or less than mobile heterogeneity within its envi-

ronment; there's no need to reference biomolecular activity. Interesting-

ly, Christopher Longuet-Higgins states "To make a sweeping statement - 

but one which seems to be much more than half the truth - it seems to me

that the problems of biology are all to do with _programs._ A program is

a list of things to be done, with due regard to circumstances."



Pattee references diachronic heterogeneity: "My approach will be to as-

sume that the potential for _hereditary evolution_ is the primary char-

acteristic of life which distinguishes it from other collections of mat-

ter." And towards the end of the second volume, we reconstruct Iberall's

approach from notes by Arbib:



"Iberall started teasing out a broad spectrum of non-linear oscillators-

macrospectroscopy - from heart beat and below to circadian rhythms and

beyond, and then realized that the oscillators _were_ the system, with 

DC changes in the milieu changing operational points of the oscillators.

This emphasized homeokinesis - the dynamic nature of regulation.

 'Any compact system containing a complex of sustaining nonlinear osci-

llators and a series of algorithms to let it operate in a wide variety

of ambient conditions...' is a living system, which may thus involve

many types of successful mechanism.

 We have dynamic regulating chains, be they stable, untable, or margin-

ally stable; self-activated motor activity; and, when time is adequate,

entrainment of the oscillations."



This is prescient and fascinating, with non-linearity heralding the 

way for symmetry-breakdown, chaos/complexity theory, and heterogeneity

on the most basic level. Such, of course, occurs within virtual life as

well, as the genotypes compete, neural networks absorb new information

about an anomalous environment, and species interact.



(All of these texts date from an era when cybernetics, catastrophe theory,

and Waddington's chreods were establishing themselves. All three of these

areas are heir to a rigid structuralism which begins to break down

(through feedback, generalized catastrophies, and chaotic trajectories).

The work is still relevant, especially in relation to issues of the pheno-

menology of life. Heteroeneity, on both an ontological and epistemological

level, is worth further consideration - odd, in relation, say, to fractal 

theory which emphasizes self-similar spaces.)





