


Fame


Agre, on RRE list, moderates, runs, filters it; the latest collection of
his notes stressed that a _Wired_ plug didn't amount to all that much,
only another 300 subscribers added to the 4000+ already on-line. That's
almost as much as Cybermind has total, more than twice as much as Fop-l,
those differences, and it made me distressed, both desiring that level of
membership, and embarrassed at the desire. 

But the desire is there, a desire for fame and dissemination, particular-
ly in relation to the texts I write and write and write, held together by
the thinnest of skeins, beads on a string on a list. There is a desire
for readership beyond the 338 on the list, desire for hard-copy of it all
before it disappears like smoke on a broken hard drive, desire even for a
_payback_ so that I won't starve to death when my next $600-$700 course
doesn't make and I stay up all night worrying about being out on the
street for the rest of my life.

The desire for _fame_ rides me; it's a wager I'd like to believe I've made
with life but in fact have only given myself as an idiotic pat on the
back, that the text is somehow "worth it," that it somehow will affect ev-
en those traditionalists on the Research list, that it will open up acade-
mia and publishers to new ways of thinking about the Net - that my _name_
in fact will be known beyond Cybermind and Fop-l, that I might actually
get an _engagement_ somewhere, some "real teaching," however that's de-
fined. 

I write outside of any institution; at the New School or Film Video Arts
for example, I'm only adjunct; there's no office, health insurance, com-
munity at all. My writing's unknown in these places; I go to Manhattan,
teach, leave the island. The writing remains Net bound (which is where
some publishers feel it should be, and should be only); it sits there
like a home-page cancer, growing physically without the handicap of fame
or megabyte quota.

I dream fame, breathe it; I write every text figuring it will be my best,
my last, my most revealing, the most theoretical, incisive, far-reaching. 
It's a form of flailing out, uselessness; it's like that assignment an art
teacher gave years ago at Hartford Art School, draw the perfect fuck (with
all the contingent issues of oppression, power, desire, and violence the
command implies). 

If I didn't admit to the desire for fame, I wouldn't be honest with you,
with the text, with myself. I try not to stay away from any areas that
would not contribute in this regard, such as this post, which can only
backfire. All too often I've heard theorists jockeying for position, even
those (maybe _especially_ those) relatively secure in tenured or tenure-
track or grad-student vocations - placing their egos squarely in the mid-
dle of theory, so that academic politics turned quickly into the politics
of embedded theory. And further as well, never deconstructing the desire
that lay at the heart of their politics, sexualities-desire, machinic-de-
sire, writing/wryting-desire, part-object desire which is pretty much all
the desire there is.

Admitting desire is no form of exculpation, absolution; it's not an exer-
cise either. It's a way to clarify my own creative complicity in the need
for audience and more audience; I'm distressed when just about the entire
population of Cybermind, just about two and a half times the population
of Fop-l, make up only the _difference_ that Wired makes to another list
dealing with theoretical/cultural issues.

That RRE (Red Rock Eaters) list, of course, is fully moderated; only Agre
posts or forwards. The noise, if it is noise, is kept to zero. That list
is also occasionally disseminated, among other places, onto Cybermind and
Fop-l, of course, without reciprocity.

Where does this go? No further than admittance, even to gall, gout, var-
ious bitternesses, swellings of the forehead and cerebral cortex, proble-
matic mixtures of the four humours and then some. But at least to lay this
open, that I would love _thousands_ subscribed (and not just for myself,
either, for almost all of the texts that are distributed here) and loving,
loving _us._ And I'll also be the first to admit that this desire is di-
rectly antithetical to a lot of the subscribers' desires, even to natural
evolution of the lists themselves, which have evolved into wonderful on- 
line communities, among other things. 

(Does this put me at odds with the list members? To an extent with some. 
But to no avail, to no purpose; none of us get what we really want in this
or any other life, as the Panchatantra reminds us. Our existence is a form
of making-do, bricolage; asking for anything more is an exercise in gram-
mar at best. We're all thwarted...)

I am writing this under the rose perfection of Bach's sonatas and par-
titas for solo violin.


