


Bang-Path Model of Reading / Thinking


1 Think of bang-path syntax as routing through texts, running texts on 
2 channels, parallel tracks; think of real and virtual syntaxes - the
3 former that of traditional formal linguistics; the latter, that of
4 Kristevan semiotic - think of the virtual as submergence and depth,
5 connected to the diegetic - and think of thinking as routing, not
6 routing as thinking.

1 Just as bang-path protocol establishes manual routing, just so a para-
llel may be made with text reception, reading-texts, following the quasi-
linear protocol of traditional page layout.

3-4 Just as Web pages run on channels, parallel trackings of music/voice/
vector/video/text etc., so texts _in general_ possess parallel trackings
as any structural analysis reveals. There are two broad domains, real and
virtual syntax. The latter contains the diegetic revealed through emis-
sions as opposed to the specificity of nodes; ruptured structures; and
part-objects-zz and transitional objects-zz as pre-verbal moments (see
Hadamard). The former possesses well-defined axiomatics and consequential
structures, as well as the formal elements of substitution. 

5 The diegetic appears as a residue or byproduct of the text, a result of
hysteric embodiment, projection/introjection, and the habitus of the act
of reading. 

6 Now, there are continuous discussions of the "intelligence" or "senti-
ence" of the Internet, a position I have argued against. These are rout-
ing as thinking paradigms, decision-trees and spans everywhere coupled by
neural networking. Instead, consider thinking as routing - thinking as
bang-path behavior on parallel channels of real and virtual syntactic
strategies - including the moment of the absence of syntax altogether. If
the unconscious is structured as a language, it is structured as _either
silence or yammering._ The moment of the absence is not the absence of
thought, but the absence of the symbolic; thinking has moved to the imag-
inary, originated within the imaginary, and the symbolic, the movement
towards syntactic structuration is a thought afterthought. This movement
is dialectic; there is also thinking _in_ language, routing through the
formal syntactic as originary - this is the case in pausological analyses
for example - how pauses operate in ordinary conversation. (The pause
comes _after_ the conjunction, i.e. after the structure moves to _parole_
before the semantics are fixed/articulated.)

1 Think of bang-path syntax as routing through texts, running texts on 
2 channels, parallel tracks; think of real and virtual syntaxes - the
3 former that of traditional formal linguistics; the latter, that of
4 Kristevan semiotic - think of the virtual as submergence and depth,
5 connected to the diegetic - and think of thinking as routing, not
6 routing as thinking.

