


Commentary on Routing text -


I want to comment further on #6. "If the unconscious is structured as a
language, it is structured as _either silence or yammering._" - This is an
unfortunate choice of words, left to right, top to bottom. For it is a
problematic of language that informs this; in fact, the unconscious is
_both_ silence and yammering, without the symbolic (I'd use the word "out-
lawed" here, because of wild theory, but it further implies the institu-
tion of the law as primary). By "silence" I mean in the absence of the
Word, and by "yammering," I mean idle chatter, hrrrumphs, hmmmm, all those
elements that might contribute to diegesis, thinking, that are outside
formal syntactic structures. (This doesn't exclude, by the way, proto-lan-
guage.) 

The second quote from #6: "The moment of the absence is not the absence of
thought, but the absence of the symbolic; thinking has moved to the imag-
inary, originated within the imaginary, and the symbolic, the movement
towards syntactic structuration is a thought afterthought." Now, "moment"
is also incorrect, as is "absence," which implies "presence." I am refer-
ring to a domain prior to the symbolic, within the imaginary. I am arguing
that thought by and large originates here; that thought can think itself
through language, but more often than not, language is an after-thought.
Again, by "language" I am referring to formal linguistic structures, _not_
any category of arrows and nodes (i.e. category theory); in fact, it might
be possible to argue that the unconscious or virtual syntax could be con-
strued as a fuzzy, mobile, and morping category. (By "virtual syntax," by
the way, I do not mean formal syntax, but something closer to Kristeva's
semiotic, which is not formal semiotics.)

Now we move to this other quote in 6: "This movement is dialectic; there
is also thinking _in_ language, routing through the formal syntactic as
originary - this is the case in pausological analyses for example - how
pauses operate in ordinary conversation." It's here that the metaphor of
cortical stimulation and/or surfing the Net (within the aegis of Merlin
Donald, there is little difference) is of use; language can be considered
an _effect_ of neural processing / learning, rather than a ground or _ur-
grund._ Note also the "dialectic" here; thought within and without lan-
guage is in flux. The real and the virtual interpenetrate; thinking and
naming are emergences.

I'm arguing _across the slate_ for multiplicities - channels, real and
virtual syntaxes, complex routings across domains, emergences (and sub-
mergences, subsumptions for that matter), in consideration of mind, lang-
uage, thought, thinking. This combines, say, Minsky and Kristeva, Derrida
and Chomsky, Clark Coolidge and Lautreamont, Web and darknet developments.
The combinations are admittedly loaded, leading to consideration of cer-
tain aspects of packet-switching as a metaphor for sentience - _only_ a
metaphor, at that. 


