


Kraus, The Rest of Us, through Canetti


"Thanks to him, I started realizing that each individual has a linguistic
shape distinguishing him from all others. I understood that people talk to
but fail to comprehend one another; that their words are thrusts ricochet-
ing off the words of others; that there is no greater illusion than think-
ing that language is a means of communication between people. One speaks
to another person but in such a way that he does not understand. One keeps
talking and he understands even less. One screams, he screams back; ejacu-
lation, eking out a miserable existence in grammar, takes control of lang-
uage. The exclamations bounce to and fro like balls, deliver their blows,
and drop to the ground. Seldom does nything penetrate the other person,
and if it does, it is usually twisted awry."

"It is important to look up to a model who has a rich, turbulent, unmis-
takable world, a world that he has smelled for himself, seen for himself,
heard for himself, felt for himself, devised for himself. The authenticity
of the model's world is what the model gives one, is what most deeply im-
presses one. One lets oneself be overridden and overpowered by this world,
and I cannot imagine a writer who was not controlled and paralyzed by
someone else's authenticity at an early time. In the humiliation of his
rape, when he feels that he has nothing of his own, that he is not him-
self, does not know what he himself is, his concelaed powers begin to
stir. His personality articulates itself, arising from the resistance;
wherever he liberated himself, there was something that liberated him."

Canetti felt crushed, overpowered by Kraus; in a later essay, he recuper-
ates his own aegis through an analysis of Kraus' relationship with Sidonie
Nadherny von Borutin, revealed in letters published decades after his
death. But in all cases, doesn't one write Kraus from a distance? It is a
podium or declamatory arena working itself through a violence inherent in
language, deconstruction playing out its political role through The Last
Days of Mankind. Canetti points out the _continuous judgement_ always at
work, the textual substance (what I've called _violation fabric_) inherent
in the writing of a mad world, top to bottom - Kraus' absorption of _all
language,_ his distance from Sidonie.

He and Sidonie drive all over the place in a car. Rilke advised her not to
marry him. Rilke runs around the early part of the twentieth century in-
fluencing everybody.

Kraus is all text. Kraus is to text what early programs were to early
software. They're so lean, translation can't help but fall on its soft
belly. It's the density of the aphorism which cuts, incites. CMC, on the
other hand, is that soft belly of translation. It goes on forever. It
thinks it can go on forever. It crawls around the hegemony of the corpor-
ate, the death and destruction of marginality, in the name of marginality.
It makes sure to retain the old names, discarding them by virtue of defuge
or defuge-machine. When everything is cool, everyone surfs, the more words
the better; we hide out, self-devour. The Web cannibalizes. Don't think
for a moment, Renaissance, without the machinations of the Medici. The
cookies they offer know everything about you; it's _there_ that the code
goes lean, slides in like a virus. If you're reading this, you're gone.

Kraus knew that, even so failing in the face of Hitler. Language chokes on
itself, Goebbels reached for his gun, hearing the _culture_ word. Now cul-
ture's given another chance: Inundate! Culture floods; we talk ourselves
to hell and back. There are bodies on the road, swept up before the camer-
as arrive. In fifty years, there will be Net at the top, death at the bot-
tom. In five years, five months. In five weeks at the most. Look whose got
the cookies.

