


Film/Video/Computer


I just bought an old edition (they're all old, from 74-78) of The Video
Primer, by Richard Robinson, which was a mainstay manual of tv tech near
the beginnings of camcorderdom. Most of the information in it is still
current, from the description of helical-scan recording, to the discus-
sion of the NTSC signal itself. The technology has changed rapidly; at
that point 3/4" (called U-Matic) was just coming in, and almost all the
work was done on reel-to-reel - the studios using 2" machines which were
ten feet high, six wide, three deep.

In video, the principles and standards have remained pretty much the same
(for example - microphony with cardiod/shotgun/omni etc.); in film, the
standards and principles (beyond basic shooting) are radically different.
Film now uses extensive electronic processing and video technology in the
editing process; cameras are microprocessor controlled, and formats such
as IMAX wouldn't exist without the electronic revolution. But film is also
the opposite of video; old cameras, say the Kodak Cine Specials (sixty
years old), are still used, at least by "experimental" filmmakers. When I
was making film, I used a bullseye Moviola that was fifty years old, and
a World War II Bell and Howell spider 35mm camera. When C-mounts came in
for 16mm, they became pretty standardized, along with various bayonet
mounts used with Eclairs, newer Bolexes, the Cine Special, etc. My lenses
dated back to the early 30s. 

So older film equipment is pretty much viable; older video equipment
isn't. (The old EIAJ reel-to-reel tape has deteriorated to the point where
it won't play back without special treatment.) The video principles are so
consistent that a twenty-year-old book on the subject is still practical.
The same applies to film at the low-end or low-acquisition end, but film
has become increasingly electronic.

Computers have evolved as well, adding layer after layer of higher-level
protocols onto base hardware, which has also changed. The lower levels are
becoming increasingly sealed off. Some books, such as Knuth's work, are
still useful, as is Djikstra (sp.?) on the aesthetics of computing, but
object-oriented programming has changed things. Programming is much slop-
pier than ever, absorbed by high-speed, a lot of RAM, and no storage prob-
lem. The constant refinement of compressing algorithms has slowed up; a
hack is a hack is a hack. 

In fact, sloppiness in a sense encourages upgrading; rather than reduce a
jpeg to, say, a functional 20k on a smaller machine, send it on out as
120k and when enough people see enough slowdowns this way, the market
swings again towards bigger-faster. 

Downgrading, on the other hand, is a characteristic of the camcorder mar-
ket; the Sony 5000 camera, with its 71 controls (I have one), was elimin-
ated in favor of simpler units with less potential for manual override of
things like iris, white balance, zoom, even focus and shutter speed. Al-
most all units on the market today (with the exception of the new digital
standard) are agc - automatic gain controlled - in the audio; you can't
set the sound levels, say, for silence. The units have also dropped dras-
tically in price.

I think this development has parallels, by the way, with the upcoming
Network Computers (NCs), which will be relatively inexpensive, interpene-
trated with automated Web components, and guaranteed to make good citi-
zens of us all...


