


Teaching Again and Again


Another Internet class is almost over. The complexities of the course are
growing as the Net, on the surface, simplifies. The course operates with a
number of variables: students' computer types; student access; the overly
complicated New School GUI; the health of the New School GUI; the health
of the Net at, say, 3 pm in the afternoon here. Nothing is enclosed and
everything is open architecture, hard to teach.

For beginners or those hyped by the media, the Net is also becoming more
complex. At least 8 and probably 16 megs of RAM are necessary at this
point for the big Microsoft and Netscape browsers. And browsers are not
sufficient; all sorts of helper applications are necessary, from telnet to
Real Audio, Vdol, Slipstream, Acrobat, and Shockwave. Browsers also need
to be updated on occasion; without a reasonable knowledge of a computer's
directory system, this gets to be difficult.

Because the shell seems to be increasingly distant, _other,_ all those
commands like traceroute, ping -s, who, whois, nslookup, etc. seem much
more obscure than they need to be. Although tin is by far the best news-
group reader, it resides in Unix as well; nothing I've seen comes close in
Windows. So newsgroups seem awkward and confusing and the readers are less
able to be configured than tin.

Even telnet (forget telnet 13, 25, 80, etc.) is obscure; it doesn't make
sense to "log in" to another computer when a user isn't quite sure what it
means to "log in" to his or her server. The latter appears to be nothing
more than the substitution of one GUI for another that fits perfectly;
telnet, on the other hand, appears to call up nothing but text.

Along with this, I might add that it's hard to explain what it means to
have a personal Unix account, or _any_ account on another machine that
permits remote file access. Web pages present difficulties here; for a
beginner, _where are they?_

Finally, the large topography of _Internets_ becomes more and more ob-
scure; one gets caught up with the details of versions XYZ of html, Java,
Javascript, 32bit, 16bit, file extensions, video formats and codecs, etc.
etc. The greater the expansion, the more the hype; the more the hype, the
less the terrain is visible - not as a whole/totality (which it's never
been) - but even as an archipelago...

So there are complex and interacting domains - the first consisting of the
students' machines, access, and the classroom machines, access - both
coupled with the health of the Net per diem; and the second consisting of
the fast-forward corporate drive towards upgrading new software/hardware/
protocol/multi-media releases, often issued before proper testing is com-
pleted. (There's also the question of the real necessity of these releases
- but this is irrelevant, particularly if the Web pages, etc. aren't back-
ward compatible.) 

The classroom appears more like a junkyard than anything else; it's a
question of constant negotiation, strategizing, what it's possible to do
on any particular day, and what it's possible for a student to do on hir
machine at home...

It's a mess. Students leave the class able to use the Net, but, I fear,
without any idea of what the Net _is_; in addition, they have little idea
of what it's "doing to them," in the sense of constructing consumers,
negating radicality, reifying the "cool." I was much more comfortable,
myself, teaching in Unix shell a couple of years ago - where everything
was somewhat transparent, interrelated, probably useful, and accessible on
any 1980s machine.


