


Wild Theory


Wild theory's a beast, says Honey, sweet as a tooth. It owes nothing to
anyone, everything to everybody. It refuses to take sides, it's a series
of takes. What it borrows from the literary it returns with a vengeance
elsewhere on the culture seen. 

It shoot outs from the skirts of the chora-woman. It leaks literarily
across the floor, replies Tiffany, laughing. It puddles. It makes the
situation, grabs the situation, runs with it! It scampers in the wood-
pile, replies Honey, because Honey's got the last word since Jennifer's
gone.

It opens up ruptures, rhythms, the tongue rolling across the lines, in the
middle of the lines. It rolls almost past the words which stick or sever
the words. Wild theory is like grrrl theory before the rrr's rolled off
into the magazines. It's pierced, penetrated. The piercings are genital,
neural, menstrual, analytical, technical. Punctured theory's holes inter-
connect with surgical thread suturing only a loose wound; everything -
THAT _everything_ AGAIN - escapes. Stop yelling, Honey, Tiffany giggles.

Tiffany wants Honey to stop yelling because Tiffany has more to say. Tif-
fany jumps on Honey's back and the two of them are wrestling on the
ground! says Tiffany. Honey is all smiles, too, as both of them stand up
and brush off. Time to get to work! Tiffany says that wild theory's maybe
just a phrase she heard somewhere; like weak theory, it's floating in and
out. Vattimo? replies Honey. No, says Tiffany, from somewhere else, maybe
just an emission, atmospheric-neural flux.

Pausing just the tiniest minute, Honey continues, "be that as it may," I
quote, because it doesn't make the slightest bit of difference. "Plagiar-
ism was there from the beginning." It's cost effect, thinking for us. But
we're off the track! Tiffany responds. What's it _here?_ A theory-bundle,
wild-style, refusing axiomatics, historiographies, the rough ascertaining
of geometries, Euclidean or otherwise. But not, Honey adds, simply wander-
ing; you've got the wild part right, but the theory part! It's liminal,
burrowing like the Net gopher (remember that, Veronica?)! It's intersti-
tial, embodying both a _pragmatics_ (best left undefined!) as well as a
psychoanalytics, phenomenology, relevance theory!

Tiffany _concurs!_ She says that these are all slippery, so wild theory's
got a dialog or pendulum going on, between _variables_ and _constants,_
call them _instantiations._ Is this an instance of one?! laughs Honey.
Exactly! says Tiffany, _an instance of 1._ It's the way of the world, the
way of the _point_ (if you have one/1) - but not, adds Honey, _the way of
all flesh._

They laugh and leave the sunny park! There's _still_ a sense of history,
Tiffany is heard saying. It's not, it's not _just anything,_ and the
voices disappear in the distance!


