





Trapped!





I woke up this morning half sleep slamming my eyes down to the carpet

where no one was. Crawled over to the laptop, time to write, time to

ride on the Net, checking in before checking out, the way to Armageddon,

downtown Venice California where the canals ran viral dark decades ago,

another project like Hollwoodland gone bust leaving remnants of beautiful

years and people. That was a sentence to make people fly.



So on the way out the door, turn the machine on for a fond farewell and

found:



The message from Japan like Venice lichen riding in, shaping itself with

bounces, catastrophies, little deaths and violations - misshapen errors,

threatening east, west, north, south with closures/foreclosures, mon-

strosities cutting out the clay forever.



What to do, quickly called a who cybermind to majordomo, to no one at all,

sat back waited for the answers. No one came, no one ever came, I thought,

more murders, earthquake disasters threatening the whole thing down. _What

to do,_ unplug the whole scenario - and nothing came again and again,

nothing coming like desert monsoon, a gap between emptied walls, it was

like that I tell you and I had to take a deep deep breath.



So there it was: error message of violence and terror, no reply from 

majordomo, holding my breath to leave the building and soak in the hard

Los Angeles air. Called up again and again, no response whatsoever - tried

the telephone to one or another collaborator, emptied out as well. Zero

multiplied by zero a million times over, there was no escape. It would 

only take the barrier of _one_ I thought to myself, and wondered if that

was ever to be.



I called, fretted, cyberspace cybermind emptied out like rats from Colum-

bus fearing the onslaughter to come. Onslaught, onslaughter, laughter,

the packets screaming in my ears as I longed to lunge for the door. Was

it for or against, was it dying. The whole eastcoast I thought down in

flames I thought and sent more and more, message to majordomo ship in

distress, passengers sick or dying.



I slashed my way into the heart of the empire, jefferson.village.virginia.

edu, just to see what I could find, dragged out the sub list screaming

beyond any sort of semblance of the human. Found the address, cybermind/

paradigm somewhere in deep Japan where I had never been, and it took only

a control-K to wipe it out in total, not even the residue of memory on the

Jefferson hard-drive waiting for another fall. What was, what would have

been.



But the list was down, majordomo was down, and I ran screaming, myself, 

out the door, and I hope that no human ever has cause to look at that

terror in my eyes. Behind me I could hear the screech of packets looking

for a port, sockets emptied of all confabulation. Behind me everything

rushed nowhere at all. Cyberspace, behind me, an empty vat. Eastcoast up

and down in flames. It took atmosphere, and Los Angeles had plenty of 

that, export or import, it made no difference.



So here I sit in the world of books, no ideas but in things, no things on

or off line, cut off, castrated from the real I think. And whether or not

you get this depends on the damage done and the damage control and the 

lack of both and that lack I discovered for the first time, deep, deep, in

myself. I hope to God you never have to go through this, and I hope, more

than hope, that if you do, you don't survive, any better than myself - a 

shell of a man without hope, an abyss in the heart, something you'd never

comprehend, until you've walked the walk, talked the talk, and that's a 

blue moon on Sunday, get my drift.





