





Carol





Yesterday, I saw Carol for the first time, after thirty-five years, more

than a third of a century. I knew she was in television, film, and theater;

I came across her over a decade ago in a Mary Tyler Moore show, walking on

the way I remembered her, and there was some Mary in her as well, and 

Colleen and other actresses whom I admired. I had looked for her, on and

off over the years; at the twenty-fifth highschool reunion, she included

an address which led to another dead-end, and no one I knew could locate

her, or had the interest. Or maybe the interest; I'd lost touch with al-

most anyone. But I wanted to know what happened to Carol beyond the images,

and this seemed important and impossible.



(Already the captured tropology of narrative and the saying of it.)



So when I was in the bookstore yesterday at Beyond Baroque and the phone

rang and someone handed it to me and a voice said this is Carol ----, is

this the Alan Sondheim - so when this happened and I interrupted, I'd find

my voice again, and she'd run down to Beyond Baroque at three o'clock high,

thin, and sharp -



And I'd find myself waiting outside the place, waiting for my past to make

sense, for those wounds to heal or at least scar over from the nightmare

that highschool was for me - and I'd be nervously pacing all over the

building unable to concentrate -



So when she came I recognized her, an image-memory, her hair that exact

color of somewhat darkened off-blond that I remembered, her gait the same

and voice the same, no matter what's said - not that youth is still inside

the body whatever the body, whatever the age, but that the body has always

already been there in the absence of time -



So what can I say to further the consequences? That _something happened,_

that we flew into each other's arms? I would have, at a moment's notice; I

was near tears, not with memory but with memory's absence - a meeting out-

side of presence, outside of the imminent; it was the uncanny of cybermind

all over again, something initiated long before -



(Nor could I say this to her, my arms outstretched for another rejection,

our parting kiss cheek to lips at best after hours' conversation. I 

danced the dance on the edge of talk forgotten, the nuance of sun over 

Venice Beach, Pacific at our feet. It wasn't romantic.)



I had looked in all the phonebooks, asked actors and actresses of my ac-

quaintance, she had never married, I knew the solution would be in pre-

sence itself. Duration creates coincidence, shudders history to a halt;

duration did this. She didn't look old or young, she looked like Carol

and talking in a way that led to the margins where the meadows met the

desert, flowers transform into plants thirsted, foreclosed, for nourish-

ment. That is the absence of the forest. Would I have appeared trans-

parent, translucent - would I have become a ghost. I knew I was always a

ghost. I knew she would never want me. I knew she couldn't give me part

of my history because what she gave me was _history's absence._



I knew that there was no history, not that it was all right or illumina-

ting in any way. She had no children, had a career that fluctuated like

mine, major roles then nothing, as in a contrary or wayward person, as in

contradiction but not suture, not a path, not directionless. I'm moving

towards a state.



(I have always understood that there is nothing to learn.)



I'm moving towards a state where this matters, where there is no repeti-

tion because my desire continues to circulate, inscribe me, this dissolu-

tion that remains ungrounded, recognizing foundation's absence. I'm moving

towards a state where after thirty-five years, I can create a pivot, where

the depression that comes with cyberspace is deflected in the recognition

of irreality, split-screen and split-skin, neither interior nor exterior.

And I'm moving towards a state where movement remains, remnant or residue,

not ever a truth to be seen, experienced, lost and restored by a telephone

call from a long absent, long missed, searched-for, friend.



The state: that we inhabit the imaginary, that it's the symbolic that 

leaks, and not the other way around, not even, especially not even, in 

cybermind where all we have is sticks and stones for letters.



The dissolution of the classic nation-state. The absence of the state. 

Fuzzy states. What can never be stated. Who Carol is and is not. Where 

Carol has been, what Carol has done. What has occurred in an interval of

thirty-five years. The length of the interval. The length of the next

interval. The length ofthe next.



