

					   |

					   |





Heiner Muller!





Heiner, who are you raving at, the source of anger, frustration, when

Europe fragments into Medea's costume jewelry? this isn't caw caw x-

generation eyes gouged in Valkyrie unison unisong, little beuys playing 

little riot grrrls, no organization supermarkets, vaginal dentatas 

devouring everything in site 



  Heiner Muller: (previously East German) playwright, wrote Hamletmachine 

  and Medeamaterial among other works

  Europe fragments: dissolution of the classic nation-state

  Medea's costume jewelry: _precisely_ because it wasn't 

  caw caw: Allen Ginsberg refrain which I also employed

  x-generation eyes: because of the simulacrum, because of blasted vision

  Valkyrie unison: because of artificial intelligence flock behavior

  unisong: consider plainsong

  beuys: Joseph Beuys, progenitor of bunker mythology

  riot grrrls: because Mecca Normal and Courtney Love

  supermarkets: go back and read Howl (see above)

  vaginal dentatas: see Elwin's Myths of Middle India, the plural in

  violation fabric of European hegemony

  site: because there isn't one, never were; see Serres' Conversations



this will be the night of the blade

railroad track switched to a siding at the very last minute

computer screen flickers with memory of you

wetware caught the boys and grrrls napping



  blade: not _runner_ nor commerce but glint

  railroad track: concentration-camp, MIT model railroad club (see 

  Levy's Hackers)

  wetware: because cum _sticks,_ binds the body to itself, cunts and 

  cocks _leak,_ the body's bound to itself, to another transitive in

  transition



Heiner! this isn't the you you've known, girls have gone it alone for too 

long now, your glasses are like mine, mirrors are against the law, you've 

got bunkers, intensities of down down thought, you've got cunts scratched 

out in the military caves under Dover Cliffs, cause you know beuys will 

be beuys and it's still pretty much a game of chemicals



  you you've: uuencode, uudecode

  alone: because you haven't helped, because we've pillaged

  mirrors: because you can't go to that _other_ stage where Lacan 

  dissolves, where annihilation fabric tells whatever remnants of truth 

  remain

  bunkers: see Heiner Muller, Material, Reclam-Verlag Leibzig, 1990

  military caves: Napoleonic-era fortifications built into the chalk cliffs

  you descend down stairs rubble, you see the double helix asshole 

  tunneled all the way all the way through, gaping one side for officers

  one side for the enlisted



  You enter the caves. You walk along Piranesian ledges, everything rotted,

  encrusted, having broken through the barbed wire. The year is 1963.



  You turn towards the wall, still damp, covered with graffiti. There you

  see the image of a woman, scratched onto the surface, but the cunt, 

  the cunt scratched deeper, as if the cock could go all the wa as if 

  the cock could go all the way through, could keep on tunneling, Heiner, 

  could suck the flesh itself, explosion fabric against the soft rock 

  scuffling, don't ever think the surface holds, don't ever think.



  The year is 1963, the place, the Cliffs of Dover, my companion the 

  young son of the borstal governor.  



water dissolves everything but wait what time dissolved



  Wenn er zuerst am Baum steht, ist er frei

  Wenn nicht muss er stehnbleiben auf der Stelle

  Als ob der Handschlag an Baum oder Wand

  Ihn an den Boden nagelt wie ein Grabstein. 

   (Muller, from Blut ist im Schuh)



  If he reaches the tree first he is free

  If not he has to freeze on the spot

  As though the tap on tree or wall

  Nailed him like a tombstone to the ground.

   (trans. Bernard and Caroline Schutzhe)





