







Socrates





"Moreover, in his old age he learnt to play the lyre, declaring that he 

saw no absurdity in learning a new accomplishment. As Xenophon relates

in the _Symposium,_ it was his regular habit to dance, thinking that such

exercise helped to keep the body in good condition. He used to say that

his supernatural sign warned him beforehand of the future; that to make a

good start was no trifling advantage, but a trifle turned the scale; and

that he knew noting except just the fact of his ignorance." (Diogenes 

Laertius)



Translation Hicks (Loeb), but supernatural sign = _daimonion_ here, and 

what are we to make of this? For his philosophy, close to the beginning 

of everything, was one of ethical conduct; that _otherwise,_ as in the

Tractatus of Wittgenstein, was either consigned to silence or produced 

as aura. Listen:



"For Favorinus in his _Miscellaneous History_ says Socrates and his pupil

Aeschines were the first to teach rhetoric; and this is confirmed by Ido-

meneus in his work on the Socratic circle. Again, he was the first who

discoursed on the conduct of life, and the first philosopher who was 

tried and put to death." (ibid.)



"Then if I believe in supernatural beings, as you assert, if these super-

natural beings are gods in any sense, we shall reach the conclusion which

I mentioned just now when I said that you were testing my intelligence 

for your own amusement, by stating first that I do not believe in gods, 

and then again that I do, since I believe in supernatural beings." 

(Plato, Apology, Hamilton/Cairns edition)



The Timaeus complicates things; the creator says "Wherefore, since ye are

but creatures, ye are not altogether immortal and indissoluble, but ye

shall certainly not be dissolved, nor be liable to the fate of death, 

having in my will a greater and mightier bond than those with which ye

were bound at the time of your birth." This before the creation of the

three tribes of mortal beings. (ibid.)



I am confused by daemons, by Socrates' daemon, by his relation to godhead,

by the Apology and the remnants of what drove him everywhere, and for all

time. I am missing something that inserts itself in the midst of the ques-

tions, something that has to do with the inauguration of a certain concept

of the West. Look at Jowett's introduction to his translation of the Re-

public, where he speaks of the _daimonium,_ or "internal sign, which is

alluded to by Socrates as something peculiar to himself." 



There are both epistemological and ontological questions at work here, and

I am hardly well-versed enough to describe Socrates' beliefs, even through

Xenophon's accounts. Plato himself wanders throughout the Parmenides and

Timaeus and neither sounds like the rational argumentation of the Repub-

lic. Ethics is one thing; mythos is another, with its built-in narrative. 

In any case, the daemon appears as _something else,_ cybermind or residue,

almost an implantation or disturbance. Was the daemon Plato, or Plato Soc-

rates? Who was inserting what?



What did Socrates _see_?



