





Subject: Maudlin Sentinmental Intellectual Trashy Despair







Friday night is the loneliest night of the week, 

But Saturday night is the loneliest night of the week.



Saturday afternoon is filled with despair wandering in the midst of couples.



In my classes there are no couples but everyone is coupled so they're

tethered, someone somewhere somehow.



Down the street boys and girls together or in pairs there. I'm up here two

floors up so I see them, Dean Street like a scar disappearing on and out. 



I can't get my mind off this. It burns through my work, ruins it.



Heidegger again, right at the beginning, asking "Why are there essents 

rather than nothing," goes on in the next paragraph -



"And yet each of us is grazed at least once, perhaps more than once, by 

the hidden power of this question, even if he is not aware of what is 

happening to him [sic]. The question looms in moments of great despair, 

when things tend to lose al their weight and all meaning becomes obscured."



Yet Levinas insists in these moments on the falling-away of existence 

itself, Kristeva talks about the thing, I think of disinvestment. The Why 

requires energy - there's the rub of it. Anyway, Heidegger goes on:



"Perhaps it will strike but once like a muffled bell that rings into our 

life and gradually dies away. It is present in moments of rejoicing, when 

all the things around us are transfigured and seem to be there for the 

first time, as if it might be easier to think they are not than to 

understand that they are and are as they are."



But of course in joy all questions fall away, not out of lack of interest,

but out of the distraction of existence itself.



Here, nothing. Without the text, fantasy. With the text, repetition com-

pulsion, a basically neurotic relation to the real (not that I haven't 

the capability of infusing the real directly (not that the real is free 

from the symbolic)).



I sit here; it's Friday night. I have the weekend to muse on this. It's 

the loneliest time of the week. It's my maudlin sentimental intellectual 

trashy despair.



Alan



