 





Parmenides' Letter to One Unknown





Dear Clara,



I do not blame you for leaving before I screened my recent work. You might

not have liked it, and maybe you knew that and maybe that's why you didn't

stay. You have always spared me, comforting me and remaining outside or

beyond the carapace; you have been the only one to recognize that the 

carapace made no difference. It was there, you explained, that clouds and

symbols scudded across the daylight hours and proceeded into the night,

where they garnered invisibility like the cloaks of darkness surrounding

your skin, your hair, your eyes.



Decades ago I made up my mind to find you, but what purpose would that 

have served; searching is withdrawal, unless one is a detective, sur-

rounded by the world off-line. Finding is always religious; something com-

pletes us, allowing further movement in any direction, always with the 

suture and stasis of the soul itself at hand. And searching and finding

are never the living of the journey itself; that is for weaker spirits who

collapse their fury and intensity into packets convenient for the produc-

tion of books or travelogues. 



Finding is more than a sighting, it is a citing of the flesh as well, the

presence of a body shifting beyond the possibility of illusion. The grain

of the skin, shuttled crystalline slivers of the iris, scintillate in 

light and shadow themselves changing in the arena of other movements, 

what remains incalculable, the chaotic and noisy dissolutions of a reality

I have recovered only in my dreams. Your presence dissolved them as well,

your body a gift of future physics, edgewise sightings of jets, black 

holes, murmuring at the borderlines of consciousness, howling at displays

of ego dragged from the interior of the earth.



Such displays as you would silence, mud-displays, dirt foamed and seething

in the plays and scripts of desires. Decades ago, the healings began and

collapsed as time no longer struggled to matter, through matter, and I

would say, Clara, my contemporary, would say this to myself, sealing bodies

in the absence of bodies. This enabled me, always and forever, to continue

where others were no longer present, in this space of sputtered packets,

your name world-wide and resonant with the planet's breathing. You did 

this for me, and changing names can only return to you resonance's doub-

ling, riemannian surfaces wrapping themselves around us, like the cloak

of skin, flesh, and bones, the daggers of the closing iris in the midst

of the dawn of the night...



Alan Hielo Internet



