





My Fears Day and Night in Which I Strike Out / For New Territory





I fear failure most of all. I fear that my texts are bad scholarship, that

they'll never see print for the most part, that they'll disappear all too

quickly in this volatile medium. 



I fear I will never live with a lover again. 



I fear myself.



I fear that I will never have a full-time job again, that I will be found

increasingly useless and irrelevant on the basis of age alone. 



I fear my last fuck is my last fuck forever.



I fear that I shall die before the Net blossoms into an inconceivable

future in which we will walk through the solitary wild, in which the world

will dance again. 



I fear that I will turn inward, collapsed in cyberspace, bone and soul 

torn apart.



I fear that I will never know what it is to be beautiful, to command res-

pect and love in real life. 



I fear that I will never know what it is to live without fear, to wake in 

relative contentment and simplicity, without depression raging in the 

corners of my mind.



I fear that I am right, that I am wrong. And I fear that I am wrong, that 

I am right.



I fear nuclear holocaust, incipient fascism already on the horizon, and I

fear for women and minorities the world over, and I fear for species lit-

erally under the gun, extinction a deathstyle, way of death.



I fear my nights of nightmares and insomnia, and my days of dissolution.



I fear I have not given into my desires and I fear I have not been obscene

enough, and I fear that the edge for me is nothing more than a plateau for

the rest of you. 



I fear I never have been able to recognize the existence of others^.



I fear that I have never been able to believe and I fear that I have wan-

ted to believe something, anything. 



And I fear that I still have the residue of a body, its stain, tethering 

me to the side of the real beneath the sign of cyberspace. That I still 

desire body. That there is no one here beside me. That there is no other 

body. That there are no other bodies. That others^ disappear.



