







These Images, These Stuttered Dissolutions





The diagrams create both the gaze of the subject and the fetishization

of space as a result of the gaze; a wager of fixed proportions is con-

structed. The space looms, cut, invisibly thin, the result of a sheet

inscribed with its own geodesics; it's here that words are wrapped into

the fabric of space. The viewer/voyeur becomes limner against the visage

of unadulterated interiority, protuberances. The stuttered effect of the

strips plays cinema across surfaces increasingly incoherent, unraveling

at the edges. The edges are only the means of inscribing the invisible;

they play the role of standards against which heteroglossia occurs.



The game is that of the fisher of signs, not symbols, waylaid traps among

uncanny visitations. The game occurs by processing parameters which tend

towards inconceivable unfoldings, the glimpse of flesh, desire manifest

through the torsion of psychoanalytical space, minus analysis, blocked

and corrupted.



The scar image is inserted into the graphic of the earth, mercator pro-

jection; the scar twists the planet into inconceivable geographies. Such

images are intensifications of topography, not simulacra or leakages, 

but the precise control of dissolution, lending themselves to constraint,

frameworking, protocols.



"The Other crossed through (0) stands against this knowledge in the place

of division where meaning falters, where it slips and shifts. It is the

place of _signifiance,_ Lacan's term for this very movement in language

against, or away from, the positions of coherence which language simulta-

neously constructs. The Other therefore stands against the phallus - its

pretence to meaning and false consistence. It is from the Other that the

phallus seeks authority and is refused." (Jacqueline Rose, Introduction

II to Jacques Lacan, Feminine Sexuality)



To search for the proper image for overlay: construct a path, inscription,

through the message bases, in the form of a hunt or retrieval: recupera-

tion of excess as the plane transforms into a contusion, bend, the victim

or procedure of a psychoanalytical tensor calculus. 



Nothing is sutured until you, dear reader, blind yourself to the calculus

of language, reopening your eyes to decipherment, from that which is found

at ftp://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/pub/pubs/listservs/spoons/cyber-

mind-digest.archive/internet/*.gif ...





