







A Woman





Were I to have been born, I would have been born woman, I would have lived

solely within the society of women, I would not have known male, I would

have circumscribed male. From the center which would have been ellipsoid,

I would have circumscribed male, from this center which would have been

surface, depth, interior, from this surface which would have been emission,

emanation. From the exterior I would not have know fear, pain, aggression,

the absence of nurturing, the cold spray on the edges of the face, and from

the exterior I would have known edges, walked through their toppled geome-

try. And from the edges I would have dreamed of plinths and broken arms, I

would have dreamed of breasts warmed from marble enclosures, and I would

have dreamed of the spaces between the breasts and the arms descending, 

pointing, opening up to their spaces of the other, which would not ever

have inscribed the rough spray on the cheek of a sailor male, but the 

smooth cheek of a woman tending the boat towards each and every destina-

tion of her choice. I would have been that woman tending the boat, gazing

across and through the bow to the filtered green-blue sea beneath; I would

have wandered the furrows of that sea in the search of a shell for the 

voice of the woman I would have loved forever. I would have heard her in

the lineaments of the shell, in the folds among the hinging and calcium

concavities worn smooth as well by the wind, like my cheek against the 

wind, worn smooth of many colors subdued in the face of the deep, and the

oars and oarlocks of the boat, the tillers and calking of the catboat set

into the water like a jewel in the ring of my lover walked through the

deep with me. Would I have been born a woman with the shore and the steps

and slopes beyond, would I have darkened the bottom of the sea, phosphor-

escent me, would I have circumscribed the male.



Wooden shaft of the color of the sea, wooden shaft of the color of the sea,

turn the moon around, turn the moon around. Unfurled marine of the oak,

of the grain dark with longing for the depths stilled near the vents orange 

with the promise of life, life seeping among the strata of the rocks far 

from shore, unfurled ferrules of the shaft, remember the bowed petals of

the flowers of haunted memory, redolent with the turn of the living. Life

alone reminds itself, merged with the kelp and sea-oak, drawn from the 

shore and the winds nested in the midst of winds. Oh to have been born a 

woman and long riding on the sea, and oh, to have dwelled near the floor

tracked of silt and longing, nothing but the others kept out, seahorses

raveled in my hair, anglerfish among my many limbs ...



