





Who Are You





In the middle of the night, oppressive heat, billowed clouds, etc., I get

a post: Do you write to strangers? Replying, I hear nothing for months,

then more cryptic allusions. Elsewhere, I find that X has unsubbed because

of the presence of Another on the list. These categories deserve attention.

Who out there in the midst of the continents writes under the sign of the

unknown?



The writings displace themselves as they come in, each linked to the 

other/s in the in-box. Or else they efface each other, as escape codes

corrupt files, reduce the whole to blank and irretrievable sequences, not

quite through careful filtering. But here, who are you?, something else

occurs, effacement which places itself as the crossed-sign of god, woman,

phallus, being - neither a circumlocution nor a translation. I assume the

posts originate from one or more of the four, and I'd eliminate the phal-

lic which shudders under the weight of its Lacanian name, or not: there's

always the literal consideration of outlawry for example, militiamen as

well for whom secrecy is as rigid as... 



I've lost sense here; neither man or woman nor both, or the presence of a

god perhaps, all being - the posts don't generate themselves, they don't

sound like bots. Honey says it's sexist perhaps to place gender among 

them, but Honey also acknowledges that it's the _site_ of the phallus or

the woman (as if there were _the_ woman, in discourse or otherwise) that's

at work, nor is it a question of sight or Lacan's masquerade, but simply

absence - or why are these posts signed with the sign of gender in the

first place?



Do you write to strangers? If I write to you, am I, are you, a stranger?

What constitutes the familiarity of a return - particularly in the age of

transnational capital, when the seriality of Sartre continues operational

- these inauthentic displays of false intimacy. Unlike the "hugs Clara 

with a warm and loving embrace" of the MOO - attempting to coerce the 

body in the realm of the symbolic (and all those issues of embodiment/

disembodiment which come into play) - the intimacy of _writing to a 

stranger_ remains just that, foreclosed, the _imminent_ presentification 

of power (always already at hand, but here, determinative).



But it is the night that gives them meaning, the voice-out-of-nowhere, as

artificial light after dark gives meaning (by virtue of its intention) to

those appearing within it, the television or cinema screen, the nightclub, 

the presumed intimacy of the livingroom, bedroom, bathroom, illuminated

bodies and sexualities. The posts appear out-of-nowhere; they signify no-

where, no matter how much they are ultimately configured. Just as I, you,

all of us, Tiffany, are configured out of nowhere, returning nowhere, on

our journey to nowhere, beneath the sign of nowhere, which is not even the

sign of capital, late or not, and hardly even a sign, except that it is 

such by virtue of the investment which we grant (ourselves) to it: Do you

write to strangers, do you write?





