





Future developments of the email lists:



1. Setting up of a MOO or MUD for at least partial operation, synchronous

multi-party use. Partial operation: The MOO would run at on a fixed

schedule or at pre-announced times. It would be connected with elist 

archives. It would be capable of suspension and document insertion. Does

anyone want to organize this?



2. Development and use of the cybermind/fop archives, which are reachable

through ftp://pub/pubs/listservs/spoons/ . These should be expanded; if

there's not sufficient disk-space, perhaps someone could take up the 

slack elsewhere?



3. Possible audio applications: Netphone or complementary list devoted to

audiofiles, not archived. I imagine a future email list as voices in a

darkened room, flashes of images on an otherwise invisible screen.



4. Mpeg and other file attachments - using the dmpeg viewer for video in

DOS at the least. Files must be kept to a minimum, low-priority, in order

to keep bandwidth down.



5. Jpeg and other file attachments - supplying a small jpeg/gif viewer.



6. Web pages - Anyone want to design one? Could Netphone etc. be built

into these? Again, there would be space limitations, unless someone wants

to set one up and maintain it at their site (Marius' site is closing).



7. What encourages community? What encourages discussion (data-base and

other resources. The use of multiple linked sites/application, public

ftp, for example. Would the production of an e-magazine be either realis-

tic or relevant?



8. Use of aliased configurations, sublists, etc. - what's possible? Do

sublists reduce or complement elists?



9. Purposes/mandates: What should be the long-term goals of an email list?

Should there be any? Can one speak generally about this? Should there be a

point when elists should be dissolved? What should be the future of cyber-

mind and fiction-of-philosophy?



These questions are both general (applicable to all elists) and specific 

to cybermind/fop. Should we involve subscribers in extending the lists in

one or more of the above directions? Does anyone want to take any of them

on? Let us know ...



Alan





Symptoms





(By and large in the form of the interrogative, not interrogating the

symptom, but the site of inscription itself.)



The recent Freud and post-Freudian history of psychoanalysis is not only

a history of theory, and therapies; it is also a history of symptoms and

illness as well. And one can see a transformation from the moment of hys-

teria through that of anomie, to the moment of schizophrenia, and now, 

reading through Kristeva's New Maladies of the Soul, to that of distur-

bances of representation as well. These transformations are _of_ what, 

against what matrix, what healthy interiority? For if everything remains 

on the level of representation, even through hysteria (inscription of 

trauma) and schizophrenia (holarchic inscriptive sememes), then what co-

herency would be said to constitute health in such a manner as evading 

enlightenment rationality? Does representation, in fact, go all the way 

down into and within the inchoate? - in which case, given their pre-logi-

cal status (which continues all the way up), are these illnesses and their 

interiority (interiorities?) _a continuum of injuries_ as the psychic 

apparatus applies its developing strategies to continually evolving situa-

tions?



And what happens if the structuralism itself is removed, as the healthy

interior is found to be nothing, in fact, but a representation through

such injuries? - Is there a deconstructive (non-) narrative in relation to

this? For example, the Lacanian symbolic or imaginary - when there are

already ontological subversions of both vis-a-vis a techne which itself

is no longer techne?



Then, and in what sense - this debris that accumulates, this organism 

against the organization of the real (apparent in its repetitions, order-

liness), this exhaustive debris?



