









Flight





"You can almost find a lucid way to express delicate or transcendent 

things. If not, trying using a story!" (Serres, ibid.) 



In flight, I have often dreamed of a perfect air engine, swallowing itself,

an analog for neural processing, the blank generation, Peirce's sheet of

assertion. Now, thirty-one thousand feet above the ground, the engine

thins, dissolves; air transforms into purity.



Six miles up, we are becoming insubstantial, granular. In front of me there

is a second lcd screen, built into the seatback, with instructions for 

computer, game, telephone, and fax use. I am missing the connect, using

this notebook independently, isolated. Something reminds me of rocking back

and forth.



It's the same with atmosphere as with cyberspace: _there is no there 

there._ Not even flux exists; flux buries itself, just as time has ceased,

just as space has seized.



Landlocked space thrusts out from the body, gathers evidence and detail as

the perimeter increases; in three dimensions, detail, always out of reach,

increases as the cube of the radius. There is never enough detail, or too

much - on one hand, it is filtered and collapsed, and on the other, it is

the only thing that can return us from the engine of air.



I do not know any of you. Monitoring the list of subscribers, I find 

always new names, new transformations, a few constants, text peering out

in what I have called the state of "hysteric embodiment," reading beyond

description into the semblance of flesh. I write, inscribe, into the text

which retards the engine of air, as virtual particles retard the vacuum,

no greater, no less. And no greater.



At thirty-one thousand feet, the engine continues through the flux of the

Net. The machinery sputters beneath me, satellite machinery tethered to

the governing bodies of the order of angels. Pure vector...



There is no detail detailed. Only what the body embraces, the reach of the

arms and legs, tethers us to - here I am lost, speaking from within, to 

the extent that speech itself issues, taken for granted, within the organs

of hearing and sight. I can chatter my way through the Net.



I can chatter my way through the debris of detail, through the engines of

air, adding unnecessary fuel. The cone of detail, like Minkowski's, speci-

fies the unreachable, but here the kernel is both miniscule and obdurate.

It is a material poverty, overcome by no amount of tacit knowledge.



Writing in space, I write against time; taking my time, I wage against

space, tethered to it at thirty-one thousand feet. The plane continuously

falls as the earth recedes, but at a cost, never freely. I am reading

Bruno Latour and Michel Serres. I have never followed anyone, never that

close for an embrace.



Nothing is sufficiently detailed.





Michel Serres: 



"Thus I developed the habit, which you may find strange, of learning phil-

osophy elsewhere than in the places where it was allegedly taught. I 

learned almost everything on the outside and almost nothing on the inside.

Yes - we can safely put it that way - everything on the outside, almost

nothing on the inside."



"When you have no affiliations and want above all to avoid them, when you

have no home and cannot live anywhere, you are very much obliged to begin

a project. All my life I have had the distressful feeling of wandering in

the desert or on the high seas. And when you are lost and it is stormy,

you quickly feel the need to build a raft or a boat or an ark - even an

island - solid and consistent, and to supply it with tools, with objects,

with shelters, and to people it with characters...doesn't philosophy con-

sist of such a series of domestic improvements? Later, whoever wants can

seek shelter there."



"'Where are you?' 'What place are you talking about?' I don't know, since

Hermes is continually moving on. Rather, ask him, 'What roadmap are you

in the process of drawing up, what networks are you weaving together?'

No single work, neither substantive nor verb, no domain or speciality

alone characterizes, at least for the moment, the nature of my work. I 

only describe relationships."



(From Michel Serres with Bruno Latour, Conversations on Science, Culture, 

and Time.)





How much I identify with Serres, with Serres' project, as if I, too, were

a wanderer, continually unrooted, uprooted, constantly displaced. I have

never been one to believe in anything, identify with place, site, first or

second person. Air passes through the body, the mouth both input and 

cloaca, this becoming memory, its immediacy. There is no story to tell

here.



There is no story to tell except that which is just out of reach, a real

comprehension of knot-theory as an example, or a discourse which would be

recognized as such by all parties involved. Most of on-line sexuality 

involves the replacement of one body by another, the familiarity of one's

own becoming a surrogate for the comfort of an abandoned lover who awakens

at night with identical dreams. Cybermind is full of dreams and visions,

a _sight_ where detail collapses, not expands, and where everything and 

nothing are simultaneously out of reach. For whatever is in reach, _is,_

and whatever is present is in reach. Beyond the interstices and their 

links, there are no details, no interstices, and the granularity of cyber-

mind remains _of a size,_ quantum, irreducible. Only speed makes up for

difference, the compression and decompression of a file giving the illu-

sion of the continuous. Detail appears to increase by subterfuge; every-

thing is laid out the same, everything is carried by everything else. 



The flight is now _hurtling_ towards Los Angeles, the vector purified

above the clouds, the surroundings remaining comfortably familiar; even 

a crash at this point (I look out the window and see the engine on fire!)

would play out as always already memory - but there is this, in addition,

the feeble play of light recorded as the brain begins to die. I realize

I don't want to be there for the _effect,_ the light at the end of the 

tunnel, neurons winking out, consciousness holding forth, blithering, 

until the last possible moment. I've seen the film too many times; there

are no details, and, limbless, there's nothing to reach, and limbed, there

probably never was.



Details! Details!





