





Michel et moi



I have been reading the Michel Serres Conversations books (w/ Bruno

Latour) and noticed a number of similarities with my own work. Does this

make me a fan? I've followed Serres' work for years, but the parallels are

still peculiar: He chooses Lucretius for example and I run around with

Diogenes Laertius. He talks about a mathematical underpinning to his work

in the sense of articulations, and my own proceeds out of the same to some

extent, coupled with interests in logic. He talks about multiplicity in

Genesis, which is something (spew, emission, inscription) that I have

worked with for years as well. He describes leaps of interconnectivities,

the past not being quite-so but imminent and relevant, which is also the

case for my work, using texts ranging from Gilgamesh and earlier to cur-

rent thinking, Serres himself. He takes offense at the label "poetry" for

his texts, on the grounds that it involves a radical misinterpretation -

and I've run up against the same. He is bothered by his work being consi-

dered shallow or inept, because the leaps fail to spell out their inter-

mediary steps - I've had the same difficulty. He rejoices in the liminal

or peripheral, and so do I. He collapses reading almost into the multi-

plicity of a substance which denies totality, as do I and Flaubert in his

St-Antoine, which has always been influential. He follows his own path,

helter-skelter through literature, mathematics, science, finding it always

fruitful and intensified in this fashion, and I do as well. So that I can

turn to Serres, now Michel, now _tu,_ and protest or rejoice affinity? 

Such is hardly the case. So that I can inflate myself with comparison to a

reasonably well-known Continental thinker? This is a source of hyperbolic

embarrassment to me. So that I can write this text, muse on uncanny simil-

arities, hope for future dissemination (the metaphor is deliberate)? This 

gets closer. So that I can learn from his texts? No more than I have 

learned from any other. So that I could convince him to read my own? No 

more this possibility than the crisis of identity which never resolves 

but is simply defused, _defuged,_ forgotten.



Alan



