
[Fragments below]

ISIS: Logic of Universal Terror

[for all]X{not X --> 0}
Therefore not X is taken to 0 (null set)
Therefore not X is always already processed to 0
Therefore not X is equivalent to 0
Therefore not x is identical to 0
Therefore X --> V (universal set)
Therefore X is always already processed to V
Therefore X is equivalent to V
Therefore X is identical to V

why are monothisists such bitter and miserable people?  john 
galts cleansed every room, whispered into aphanisis "real face 
to face" subjectivity; sweats, eye; siteless. "aphanisis " 

             this came on the heels of a first post I wrote 
thinking about ISIS and the idea of exclusion - from for all x 
not x tends towards zero - to x is identical with the universal 
set, not x is identical with the null set. I'm playing off ideas 
of purity and exclusion - things like the Pale etc. or the 
theory in Kristeva's Powers of Horror or the earlier Mary 
Douglas' (sp?) Purity and Danger. that which is not for me, in 
other words, is against me, and must be annihilated, and 
annihilation must be carried out to the limit. so for me the 
movement is from 'sending' or projecting not-x into the null 
set, to making it equivalent, to making it identical - a 
movement maybe from epistemology to ontology - the not-x become 
- _are_ inherently non-being, eliminated. -

             X doesn't equal not-X. The world divides and 
hardens between X and not-X; it's a classical division so that 
the intersection of X and not-X is the null set. What I'm trying 
to present is the idea of an expulsion and an annihilation of 
what's expelled. ISIS wants a purified caliphate with only 
believers; non-believers are expelled or murdered. Could you 
elaborate on the rest of your post? I'm trying to say then that 
the annihilation is that of the Other - the Other isn't 
permitted to survive, and with the death of the Other, the Other 
becomes identified with 0.

             because it's about ISIS and this is the second in 
the series -

             trying to come to grips with annihilation when for 
example beheading occurs, not only to foment terror, but as an 
act of piety, as part of the natural order of things -

             in the above, a signal is sent, becomes furious, 
begins to dissolve, the dance is violent and sexual like a 
machine gun

             amounting to firing a gun but now up close, the 
taste of the gristle, trophy of the severed head, or there were 
hands chopped, eyes gouged

             at times anything that can be removed

             what does this, where is a response, what is this?


ISIS EXPANSION BY FORCE AND TERROR

FORCE = TERROR
WORD = NOTHING

or think of it like this:
for all X, not-X tends towards zero, not the null set
a move from set theory to simple arithmetic
whatever isn't x must be eliminated 
numbers brought down until the slate is cleansed kill-delete
then not-X = 0, the epistemology is complete
and in the future not-X is identical with zero,
 history erased, ontology cleansed - fundamentals


[Fragments above]

