


Travis does a Wide Area Information Search and Retrieves Something!


I think you should know that I have cyberspace for sale, not the entrance,
not the exit, but the space and the place itself, that it's down by the
swamp there where the hosts and the legions of servers are there for you
to serve, for you to serve and be served,

And it won't cost you more than a dime of your time, but the money, Honey,
that's another thing, you'll see the packets whizzing by on the fly, you'll
breathe in and one thing or another will happen, it will make all the pa-
pers, and you'll breathe out in a great shout and your name will be there,
your name will be everywhere

And the legions of servers will be routed and returned, echoed across the
wires and fibers of pure information, and you'll have a perfect body of
that, you know, just a perfect body - you can't imagine how perfect the
skill will look - so that you should just produce a little bit of cash,

So the carving can begin, you'll have your own great state in no time, can
have another star on the flag if you like, it's nowhere at once, can have
your name on it - you'd like that, wouldn't you -

The beautiful girl stood by the side of the Ferris Wheel wondering who Mr.
Ferris was and how he got to fly so high that he touched the sky and didn't
die, he didn't. The beautiful girl had long black hair, eyebrows bridged
all the way from one site to another and the angelic hosts played teardrops
from up above down below.

Mr. Abernathy doffed his hat. Travis watched all of it, gathered Honey into
his lean muscular arms, and whispered that he'd win another stuffed animal 
if he did anything at all. He was good with a gun but faster with the joy-
stick or boystick as he called it. His sailor uniform matched the cirrus 
clouds girdling the sky.

The girl said there weren't enough domain numbers to go around, everything
was going down. Sell them again, then, the men said, some of them are dead,
you can have a split, it makes no difference. She said well she said.

She said that when that happened that there would be a-weaving and a-sewing
and everyone would share skin and bone and hair. And that would be fine
with her, with her long black hair, there was enough to make a pair. What
was for sale would go from the keeper to the reaper, from the administrator
to the fornicator. Everyone would benefit.

There was cotton candy on the little boy's fingers; he lingers in the shad-
ow of the sideshow. Travis felt cynical, no, he didn't. The girl walked 
away in the dusk that was gathering in the hemline of the evening's cur-
tain. Mr. Abernathy felt for his cravat, fell for the girl, folding into
her just as the names coalesced. Wasn't there a need to feel even further?

The wide area information search had just expanded, nodded to the node, 
contracted just a little bit in the great state with Travis' name on it.
It would be the State of Travis which had the little boy girl Mr. Honey
everywhere around in a single sound. They'd move elsewhere, there was the
Cyclone and the 'Lectric Cars, and the streetlamps made of lime. What a
show for a day when the Tattooed Lady gave him a kiss on the noggin! Sam
danced a little jig all his own! The little boy was sure he made it up!

