



Dark Nighttime Thoughts With Beautiful Thoughts Opening Up


(Every night I work on these texts, appearing as posts, and this work is
necessarily a _work-of-writing,_ which I am considering as well in its
entirety. This consideration involves resonance, the cross-referencing of
these texts on a theoretical and literary/narratological level. And 
throughout all of this, there are always these fears.)

That I will never learn anything but no longer have the herb to speak.
That I will recline in the force of memories and the glances of the dead.
That my writings will descend into nonsense without their customary edge.
That I will no longer understand the language of canyons and arroyos.
That my writings will be buried, forgotten, the labor of delusions.
        in the land of the labor of delusions.
That my writings my limbs will be broken and burned.
That I will never feel passion for someone again, or she for me.
That my senses, eyes, bodies will close down, dissolved into the thing.
That I will never celebrate the year 2000 or the year 3000.
Or that I forget the knowledge I have and its endless ambulations.
        ambulatory river blood stiff-walking on double legs.
Or that my wager with this knowledge and descent will be lost.
That my eyes will forget my eyes, my ears forget the space of birth.
That everyone will die around me.
That it is conceivable that my language admits of nothing but conception.
Or that there is a gift or a tool for this language, breaking it on rocks.
Or that I will never see a coyote again in the wild, or another tornado.
        tornado mouth of river blood tongue in ambulatory lands.
That vibrating words transform into noise in the midst of nuclear plasma.
That I speak only to myself; disillusioned, that I am filled with lies.
That my writing will descend to the anecdotal, that I will settle for this.
That my writing will become effect, sparks, not the kernel of absence.
Or that my depressions and sorrows will blind me to truth's absence also.
        to truth's blue-dark tornados of blood-blue dissolutions.
Or that I will find or lose meaning in the presence of the past.
Or that I no longer can swallow the beautiful thoughts of the night.

(I would say that every text is _occasioned_ by these fears, but not that
these fears are the occasion of every text.)

