


Dream of the Planet, Something Else


All day all night I search for driven images, image drivers, cutting deep
into files gouged out of binaries, splattered across equidistant grains
refusing resolution. They move and sputter across the screen; someone from
Japan gestures impotently at this lurker nude and detumescent as male after
male presences himself in front of dulled and shuttered eyes. Later I turn
back to planets, marbles run dark, despairing across the screen, sixty-one
million bytes for the inaugural of shuffling Mars. Reading Kristeva's anal-
ysis of the drives among psyche and somatic,* I think blood and spears cut-
ting, deleting file after file. I am sinking into a miasma of the visual
which refuses to relinquish its hold upon the real, in spite of packaging
turning towards emptiness and noise in the depths.

Noise held down. I move across a field, a frame, return to the frame, con-
dense or hold the field, monochrome the image, store/unstore it, but I am
concerned about the _driver,_ non-interoperability, incommensurability,
nothing fits as the real turns into the purity of _technique._ Which is 
what I mean by techne defined by the _core_ which itself suddenly pulls an
ontological shift: guess what, the real as video chips, simms, cpus, and
other fauna of the machinic suddenly come to life...

(The planets _glow,_ edges slough from the rim, datagrams pouring off their
sides, uneasy dreams... I toss and turn in a planet-dory, oars smattered
against the vacuum; they're tethered. Moving them (three-hundred-meter oars
disappearing into the darkness around us), I push against their inert mass,
whiplashed by discordant interiorities - I can almost hear the chattering 
of the oars, responding chattering of the stars themselves... This is the 
_metaphor of the boat,_ I dream the boat a body, scaled back by raster-
matched, recombinant compression DNAs. Planets roll down the length of the
hull; they enter me bilged and swollen. My cock is rudder and keel, my eyes
prow the surface of the sea, and conditions worsen.)

