
                                 we

Nor the quality of those divisions which suture the text as a totality; in
its place are multiply-connected lines, dispersions, with _tendencies,_ and
the tendences, tropisms, tropologies, lend themselves towards speakers and
listeners. This is a form of circulations, eddies, not turbulence and not
flows necessarily, but locales, intensifications where processings are ac-
complished: the acts of reading and writing, further acts of decoding and
filtering. So that _identities_ are equivalences to a degree, and there is
no space to occupy, but the speaking of your own space in the midst of the
speaking of the space of others.

It's worthwhile to understand this, the absence of circumscription, and in
this fashion the MOOs and MUDs are already antiquated, relying on sets of
rules, broken or not, delimitations and centralized storage. Elsewhere, I
connect to you or vice versa, and this is not even always already a negot-
iation, as it might be in real physical space, real hard space, but some-
thing done with a degree of lag, picking up the debris, searching through
whatever residue has been left behind of a day or a week or a month; you
may or may not know that I have been there, presenced you, just as adverti-
sing occurs for the _they_ who no longer announce themselves. There is no
site for such an announcement, not necessarily a need. One can imagine an
advertisement in fact requiring nothing, not even testimonial or conceptual
presence, but something operative on the level of problematic being, a dif-
ferent category in relation to capital.

But here this arrives with you, and it is broken on its way, taking many
paths perhaps, a skein rather than a road, hardly a high-way much less a
superhigh-way, ultrahigh-way, these terms reflecting more the metaphor of
governing: us | them or here | we in the vertical, than the reality of 
multiple, fragmentary, momentary connections, intelligent connections which
not only connect but _perform connectivity._ And what has this to do with
the foundations of the classic nation-state, with its barriers, walls,
taxes, tolls, tariffs, visas, passports, protocols (diplomatic and other-
wise) designed for simultaneous communication and separation? Only that the
local _now_ prevails, a local in which there is no territory to be won or
lost, no capital accumulation, only the flood of platelets through the 
supine and unrecognizable body of the Net, with its holes and probes and
penetrations, with its caresses and discontinuities. It is not that Bey's
temporary autonomous zones need be established or dissolved; it is that the
net itself _zones,_ unfolds, in a manner that outstrips circumscription.

So the Nietzschian model, the Deleuze-Guattarian model, all fall short;
what happens to lines of flight when they're transformed into packets and
there are no routes but thinking through destinations, circulations, clus-
ters? and what happens to far-sight, when all sites become a matter of pro-
tocols, and what happens to protocol when it no longer separates, but is
destined for a destination? That all destinations are approachable? That
passwords are only necessary for those concealments of power that travel
elsewhere or beneath the Net, that PGP and other encryptions themselves 
meander throughout the same or similar skeining?

This is not even a form of democracy, given conditions of access and clos-
ure, but it is different than nation, which we have become accustomed to
over several centuries, and so occupies a different phenomenology, one
giving notice to empire and boundary. The lesson is this: in order for com-
munication to succeed, the boundary _necessarily_ splinters, like an active
and temporary membrane always already in the process of dissolution. How 
can we think in such a space/skein, and how can we think through it?

