


Dear Everyone,


I am going to take a break from the texts, maybe an hour or a day, maybe
forever. I have written five- to six-hundred within the past year and a
half, focusing on cyberspace, cybermind, and the result is evident to
anyone who has been to my page off of Spoon's home-page. This is an
impossibly bulky work, and I constantly wonder its effect, if any; I am
looking for a publisher for at least part of it at the moment. It has
extended my ability to work through difficult philosophical issues, since
I set for myself a heavy rate of production. I have refused to settle for
simple solutions to problems of virtuality, and the pieces have had to
simultaneously cast their own shadow, and resonate with the others. I find
myself empty in relation to solutions in general, except in tightly-
defined domains, where solutions are all but impossible to avoid, the
necessary consequences built into the apparatus from the beginning. So
that what has developed is an odd discourse, which has kept me returning
to the notion of the chora or receptacle, not as a waste-basket, but as a
pre-oedipal or pre-symbolic staging-area where I can work out the origins
and their lack, of inscription. I do believe that reading the hundreds of
texts, ordered/disordered as they are, is more than instructive; I wrote
with my understanding that they had a worth in relation to one another,
and in relation to philosophy or literature in general. They may disappear
in their electronic frailty, which worries me, as if the weight of a book 
carried more consequence, and perhaps it does. 

Now that I have stated thus, I search for new material, new texts. And
there are sound and images as well at the home-page tethered to Spoons,
since I am working through the non-inscript non-descript, 7-bit ascii
extended into the imaginary flux of the senses. What else? That another
text will surely follow this, and another as well, that the habit of
writing, for me, has become the constant habit of thinking and of thought
as well, that I am chained to it, just as I am chained to writing and
speaking everywhere and for all time. Without this prisonhouse of language
I would never be able to affect the escape into sound, image, and even my 
existence as something desirable, worthwhile. Another text will follow.

Alan

