


ARHALU: Archives, Rupture, Homer, Alexandria's Library Unmentioned


Unknown to me, the migraine is just beginning.

"We went to the tomb of Tjanefer, who had been the third priest of Amun. 
We opened it and brought out his inner coffins and took his mummy and left
it in a corner of his tomb. The inner coffins we took in the boat, along
with the rest, to the Island of Amenhotep, and we set fire to them in the
night and made off with the gold which we found on them; four _kite_ fell
to the lot of each man." 

(Ancient Lives, Daily Life in Egypt of the Pharaohs, John Romer)

What is the point? Only that this occurred three thousand years ago, that
there was a desert village near Thebes where the workmen who built the
Pharaonic tombs lived. That this circulated around a series of names which
appeared all over the village, graffiti, hieroglyphs, incisions, there and
elsewhere, that this is a window for us into families and politics. That
the window shut, that there are ruptures between them and ourselves; a
chapter ends "We know nothing about Ankhefenamun's household, or his
brothers, or their descendants: the entire family disappears: how tenuous
our connection with these people, how valuable the ancient frag- ments of
their lives." We are disconnected from Medea and Phaedra, from Samson or
Delilah, from any names one might place in one's lineage. There are
breaks, ][, gaps which foreclose, Roots which are always already in
abeyance; only by tethering names to names do we exist. I don't believe
any of this, I believe all of it. The names are our records, stuff our
mouths with religious ecstasy. I am receiving preliminary migraine visual
anomalies writing this: the screen skips incisions: I become catatonic. 
There is no recourse to history: I die: ecstatic. 

The screen develops an untoward depth. I wish I could tell you more about 
this. At night, files appear to me in my dreams: they're tagged. ][ tags 
everything which is why the stuffing of archives is important. To this, I 
would say, who are your own?

"The tombs and chambers in which rest the blessed ones of old, the citi-
zens on the west of Thebes. It was found that the thieves had violated
them all, dragging their owners from their coffins so that they were left
on the desert, and stealing their funerary goods which had been given to
them together with the gold and silver and the fittings which were in
their coffins." Op. cit. This happened centuries before Homer. I'm becom-
ing temporarily blinded myself: the migraine interference sends spear-
thrusts across the visual field. 

"But I said to them with an air of boldness 'My brother will not let me 
be interfered with,' and Amenkhau gave me a blow with a spear on one of 
my arms and I fell." Amenkhau and the brother got the treasure after all.

Now I can't see, touch and follow the keys. Nothing opens.

