


Only the Good Die Young


You know where this is going but I don't. Anyone who went through the 60s,
rubbed themselves raw in the middle to late 60s and early 70s, against the
right in America that's now breathing down our necks with the fury of
missed and regulated life - anyone who went through them caught in the war
of the peace - has been traumatized, amputated, has learned to bury well,
never say "far out" again because it's all reigned in, has learned to walk
the walk, talk the talk -

Has learned to bury early on Janis and Jimmy and John and John and Al and
Robert and Abbie and Martin and Marvin and those who burned bright for a
second, just when we were beginning to learn to fuck them, open our
bodies, insurrections of the flesh -

How did Jerry survive so long, get away with it, these little murders
splitting out bodies open - we weren't taught that life was one long
series of deaths, only that death was there on the horizon, present yes,
but not these little murders -

We're fucking survivors, the Net's a commune, the last Free Press, we're
on the edge, waiting for insurrection, of the other, of ourselves, splin-
tered on the bones of a country we barely recognize -

Cause otherwise we're all sleep for the slaughter - little murders on down
the line - take us -

'She wander'd in the lad of clouds thro' valleys dark, list'ning
Dolours & lamentations; waiting oft beside a dewy grave
She stood in silence, list'ning to the voices of the ground,
Till to her own grave plot she came, & there she sat down,
And heard this voice of sorrow breathed from the hollow pit.

'"Why cannot the Ear be closed to its own destruction?
"Or the glist'ning Eye to the poison of a smile?
"Why are Eyelids stor'd with arrows ready drawn,
"Where a thousand fighting men in ambush lie?
"Or an Eye of gifts & graces show'ring fruits & coined gold?
"Why a Tongue impress'd with honey from every wind?
"Why an Ear, a whirlpool fierce to draw creations in?
"Why a Nostril wide inhaling terror, trembling, & affright?
"Why a tender curb upon the youthful burning boy?
"Why a little curtain of flesh on the bed of our desire?"'

(Blake, The Book of Thel)

Alan

