



The Images' Imaginary


I have been putting .gif images up on my semi-home page, sending them to
Image email list, working them through various programs. So that the in-
terior space of the terminal appears to make itself present as a space of
potential, a space otherwise of absolute darkness. Within the space I can
hear the accounting of names, appearances which define contouring, which
define and demarcate their own, much as email demarcates its own space,
forecloses without ignition, non-existence and not even annihilation. 

The language of the images glows from within, inner fires; they're images 
of the interior, and the fires light themselves like blown bubbles or 
skeins. It's necessary to remember their origin as pixels, each a clear 
delineation of a position upon the screen, the cartesian asserting itself 
invisibly and at the very last moment.

The images attempt to spell my name but the name's refused, stuttering,
rolling like a never-ending _rrr_ and I build them, construct them, as
images or email must be, and as speech appears elsewhere, as these images'
or emails' alterity. I build them from pornography, which is always al-
ready a form of denial, cauterization, and as bodies meander closer they
too dissolve, and spaces continue to splay themselves, operate, open up -
it's the surgery upon cyberspace that fascinates me, the impossible
wounding and suturing, there's no anchoring, tethering, for threading. 

There's nothing. I write "i tell you all my secrets" on one image, "you 
tell me all your secrets" on another. Stereogram technology gives depth. 
The words are on the surface; the rest goes into the terminal, deep into 
the illustration of membranes, dampness, excretions and fluids.

I can't open the holes up, can't insert, can't stream down the folds of
labia sputtered from the tube, and the darkness returns to the chora,
which could be anything at all. Penis shafts swim like fish in spaces
emptied of analytical debris. The words are borderline tags, sublima-
tions, withdrawals, luring the viewer away from the precipice: the
symbolic beckons. Aren't those secrets (and I give myself away) the
inversions, perversions, of the hidden contours of flesh that some say
constitute the body? The body writes itself into pieces... 

Some of them are the taste, touch, and smell of cyberspace, the rest that
imaginary beyond which you picture me, if you do, naked, ruptured, in the
midst of the organic imaginary.


