


On Shaky Grounds


Thinking further about the breakdown of distributivity: the gesture always
already implies an ontological shift, from the plane of the real to that
of the symbolic. Measurements made during the Land experiments reported
only the classical substrate, not the perceptual bandwidth which was the
result of the intelligent agents of optical processing coming into opera-
tion. This bandwidth (even down/up to the level of the psychological) is
produced unconsciously, although the Freudian divisions of c/pcs/ucs are
problematic wherever vision comes under scrutiny. 

The ontological shift is on the threshold of the symbolic, and according 
to Tran duc Thao, it is precisely this shift that calls forth language: 
the gesture produces the excess which is named by it. Pointing with the 
index finger, for example, is already a floating signifier (almost but 
not quite a _program_) which implicates the targeted entity (and which 
also _defines_ the targeted entity _as_ entity). The real takes on value, 
as it does for all organism, but here it is a shared or consensual value, 
dependent upon the interpretation of the pointed finger. Thus the body's 
framework, which physically extends from arms' and feet's length, becomes 
other as the real (vis-a-vis the Lacanian mirror-stage) is recuperated, 
absorbed, through the signifier. Note the ontological jumping here, which 
is going to remain impure, in spite of Saussure et. al. The difference in 
the signifier, among the signifiers, is the difference in the real. The 
finger targets game for example; something loses its existence as alive, 
as entity.

Rather than [x] [y] as positions, discrete or otherwise, one imagines a
_jumble_ of positions, chaotic, melding into one another, flickering,
somewhat transparent. (I wrote about this in The Structure of Reality.)
Think of this as a field of thresholds, intensities which are defined
(through simultaneous cathexis and decathexis) as names. Think of rule-
governing across the field, say linguistic geodesics; these compose syn-
tax. This field mediates among the real, among itself, much as pure
mathematics bastardizes (who is the mother/father here) in applications
which nonetheless speak an uneasy alliance with the physical. 

I'd say that this is the birth and homeostasis of language, a nonequil-
ibrium thermodynamic plateau held in place by the energy necessary to
maintain organism and culture. I'd say that this is gestural at its heart,
and that the shifts within it are similar to those in cyberspace, result-
ing in hysteric embodiment. And finally, I'd say that this hysteric embo-
diment, as horizon, is suspiciously what we know, even in the midst of
alterity - to the extent that it harbors the deathdrive; we are simultan- 
eously easy and uneasy in cyberspace, and for less than obvious reasoning. 

