


Resonance, Gesture


Looking through writings of all sorts, religious, anonymous, worked and
reworked sublimating the particularities of the dream, who knows what
repressions beyond the archaic are carried within them? It's here I run
the search-engine, transforming species into families, families into
the resonance of the purported real. These writings always reference 
elsewhere, sympathetic and internalizing the other through empathetic
wandering. Plagiarizing Kraus, plagiarism existed from the origin itself,
duplicating, splitting, and splintering - preserving, resuscitating,
reconstructing. Eventually everything gets lost; what remains is the flux
with which I concern myself, the hollow within which the particulate sem-
iosis of the proper name is ultimately formed. In the meantime there are
clusters and bandwidths of ontologies; nothing is well-defined. Call this
the condition of the plasma, the ur-universe, ur-universals.

Anything tenders towards this, for example:

"sg=j dd wr=k m nm ntrw I will begin to say your greatness as lord of the
                        gods
 m bg stg hrw wr sfjjt  as "ba" with secret faces, great of majesty
 hmn rn=f s[hgp] ssm=f  who hides his name and conceals his image
 n rh.tw qj=f m zp tpj  whose form was not known at the beginning"

Earlier the author states "These passages illustrate the original meaning
of the lexeme _bg_, explained by E. Wolf-Brinkmann as 'capacity to assume
forms.' They designate an aspect of the complex ba-concept, which distin-
guishes the ba as the one (potential) power from the many (actual) trans-
formations or forms. Ba is the power that 'happens,' materialises (hpr) 
in forms." (Jan Assmann, Egyptian Solar Religion in the New Kingdom, Re,
Amun and the Crisis of Polytheism." I do my best to render hieroglyphic
transliteration into ASCII.)

The Evening Text states in part:

"The rays of Re are in the earth,
the inhabitants of the underworld receive them in joy.
The ways with secret things are opened for the Great Ba,
that he may settle in the land of life.
It is caused that the gods go to rest in the earth
through the secret speech in his mouth."

The Western ba's are the jackels that belong to the sunset, and the eas-
tern ba's are the baboons that belong to the sunrise. Continuing this
meandering, we note that in the Book of the Celestial Cow, Assmann trans-
lates:

"The ba of Shu is air
 The ba of Neheh is rain
 The ba of darkness is night
 The ba of the primeval ocean is Re
 The ba of Osiris is the Ram of Mendes 
 The ba of Sobek is crocodiles
 The ba of every god is snakes
 The ba of Apophis is (in) the eastern mountains
 The ba of Re is throughout the entire land."

And he says "With the possibility of the aspect change inherent in the con-
cept of ba, the expression [Amun-Re "'as "ba" with secret faces, great of
majesty'"] also refers to the plurality of the cosmic manifestations and
not only to the one life-giving principle in and behind them. Thus his 
'ba's' are the life-giving elements and they can be experienced in the cos-
mos as the ways in which god works. By making use of this concept Ramesside
Amun-Re theology refers not to a specific power, but to the concept of ab-
solute power, responsible for absolutely all effects, whose visible mani-
festation is the entire cosmos."

Moving from the historical _reality_ of these texts, it is possible to
construct a ba-dialectic, splintered into manifestations, remaindered in
the absolute, actualities/currencies and abstract theology. What of the
originary power found in so many classical mythologies, out of which
narratives emerge? Even the Rig Veda's X,129 portends a beginning in
ba, unencumbered by proper names (I quote in full, because of its rele-
vance and central role here):

"There was neither non-existence nor existence then; there was neither the
realm of space nor the sky which is beyond. What stirred? Where? In whose
protection? Was there water, bottomlessly deep? There was neither death 
nor immortality then. There was no distinguishing sign of night nor of 
day. That one breathed, windless, by its own impulse. Other than that there
was nothing beyond. Darkness was hidden by darkness in the beginning; with
no distinguishing sign, all this was water. The life force that was covered
with emptiness, that one arose thorugh the power of heat.
   Desire came upon that one in the beginning; that was the first seed of 
mind. Poets seeking in their heart with wisdom found the bond of existence
in non-existence. Their cord was extended across. Was there below? Was 
there above? There were seed-placers; there were powers. There was impulse
beneath; there was giving-forth above.
   Who really knows? Who will here proclaim it? Whence was it produced? 
Whence is this creation? The gods came afterwards, with the creation of 
this universe. Who then knows whence it has arisen? Whence this creation 
has arisen - perhaps it formed itself, or perhaps it did not - the one who 
looks down on it, in the highest heaven, only he knows - or perhaps he 
does not know."

(Wendy Doniger O'Flaherty, Textual Sources for the Study of Hinduism)

The absolute in dialectic with itself, somewhere there had to be time (a
problem with _this_ universe as well), somewhere the story had to begin.
When the story begins, there are characters, actants, narratological mom-
ents. Only then does the collapse into everyday life, the origin, begin,
not as an origin, but in the process of beginning. (And this occurs in
relation to _negation,_ the thud [below] given as a continuity from which
there occurs a withdrawal or decathexis. Decathexis? The world emerges out
of a loss of interest. Take note.)

Plagiarism appears as soon as division occurs, the namings which are du-
plication, the magics, fetishes, seeking out the other, the uneasiness of
alterities that are introjected back into the body. Beforehand, it's the
world of substance, Flaubert's St-Antoine's froth: beforehand, that is
before the signifier. Already the appearance of the absolute splinters it,
are you following me?, as trace-ing, following back into the absolute is
impossible, time forwards itself, in spite of the presence of people, in
fact, in relation to the presence of people; time is always already peo-
ple's time. (While, bi-directionally, across the membrane or field, there
is no conclusion.)

Ontologies skitter, existence thuds, resonates; resonance emits signals.

It being, it begins.

