


Signals, Skittering of Difference


If we understand what physically exists, in terms of the filtering, 
editing, and isolation of a signal, then we can understand the bracketing 
that creates a firewall around it, and the means for maintaining it. In 
Digital and Analog Communication Systems, Leon W. Couch II specifies the 
following attributes of "practical waveforms that are _physically real- 
izable_" [my comments are in brackets*]:

"1. The waveform has significant nonzero values over a composite time
interval that is finite. [There must be presence in the first place; a
null waveform is equivalent to no waveform at all. If the waveform is a 
signal, there must be a symmetrical substrate of one sort or another, 
Peirce's sheet of assertion, carrier wave, etc. This is part of the 
delivery system.]

2. The spectrum of the waveform has significant values over a composite
frequency interval that is finite. [These values would be carried in a
particular medium. Everything depends in #1 and #2 on "significant" of
course - when is a waveform noise, and when is it relevant as a signal?
What constitutes relevancy?]

3. The waveform is a continuous function of time. [The waveform takes on a
value for every subinterval within a specified interval, and further, it
has a beginning and an end.]

4. The waveform has a finite peak value. [It can be contained within one 
or another receiving/transmitting unit.]

5. The waveform has only real values. That is, at any time, it cannot have
a complex value a + jb, where b is nonzero. [The waveform is observable in
the real world.]" 

Can we say that a signal embodies a delivery system, and is therefore both
bracketed temporally and temporally dependent? This is a question of con-
touring. The maintenance of signals constitutes culture, and the mainten-
ance of culture employs the redundancy of signals. The embodiment of sig-
nals vis-a-vis interpretation involves secondary narcissism. A signal is
never totally defined by difference; as pointed out elsewhere, indexical
pointing towards an object skitters ontologies but does not necessarily
operate as relay against other gestures. Embodiment is always already an
issue; sememes are never totalities. Even Baudrillard's simulacra exist as
such in relation to practices in the real world, and such practices, de-
terminative or not, "solvable" or not, are finite. If we begin with these
practices, instead of the debris of structuralism (dyads, difference, 
etc.), then totality is quickly recognized as construct itself. The anal- 
ysis of gesture I have presented in the past few days is precisely that 
of the construct of totality. 

There is a politics of engagement embedded in this, which I leave to the 
imaginary.

