


Carol


Carol: After thirty-five years, I never heard from her again.* I remain
the bumbling fool I must have been in high-school. It's true, I sent her
my book (Disorders of the Real) with a personal note in it. This work is
the least offensive of all... But perhaps it proved too much? Nothing,
not a word back - and I even signed it for her! Or signed it over - after
all, she didn't ask me! The Net is so much safer, none of these misunder-
standings, nothing but a quick delete, or someone writing in the night:
Do you write to strangers? This enticement... 

But Carol was face to face, _there,_ and I shuffled around, holding my
breath. I saw her... first in Venice, I waited for the car to pull up! 
I ran over to her, walked actually - I was afraid to run. She's tall...
And face to face... I didn't know what to say, but words came quickly -
perhaps too quickly, too much too soon. And her reserve, the _enigma,_
was there as always, remarkably short of passion - I wrote her about this
too, a letter in the book, accompanying it. Oh, I worried over that let-
ter, worked over it, it was a labor of love... Sent out two weeks ago
perhaps - she was to send me something she's writing on.

And then? Nothing, nothing, nothing, and my face and body collapse, just
like they did years ago, decades ago, a full third of a century, time
enough for hundreds of histories in fact. My soul becomes painful, twis-
ted all over again. And her silence isn't even deafening, it's a state of
non-existence, she isn't there, that's all, there's a gap in the world
which nothing will fill. And I feel like such a fool, wasting my money on
the postage, carefully packing book and letter up, my heart beating, 
sending them on their way through the mail, air-mail even. I don't even
have many of the books left! The mail remains empty day after day, after
day, and Carol has disappeared once and forever more. Another thirty-five
years, perhaps... I'll take her address out of my book, there's no reason
to torture myself any longer - it makes no sense. 

It's over; I won't live that long.

