


Julia


"Hence, although the interest that psychoanalysts have in the linguistic
and translinguistic expression of psychic determinants can sometimes make
analysis appear abstract, this abstraction ends up personalizing each 
treatment as much as possible. Each treatment becomes an ideolect, a work
of art, as well as a temporary installation of a new theoretical creation 
within the Freudian world. As a result, we would like to know which fea-
tures of this discourse can be identified with Freudian thought, as well 
as where we can draw the line between loyalty, innovation, and dissension.

"The history of the analytic movement combined with the current ecumenism 
of its tenets (Freudian, Kleinian, Winnicottian, Lacanian, and so forth),
shows that despite various misunderstandings and impasses, Freud has 
staked out a path that all innovators must respect if they lay claims to
psychoanalysis. It is admittedly a narrow path, one in which sexual exper-
ience resists language." ...

(Kristeva, New Maladies of the Soul.)

Always this appearance of structure in the name, Freud in this instance,
identity and loyalty which has no parallel beyond those institutions pro-
mulgating discipleship; it is this analysis which "never lets go" (Rous-
tang) that lends itself to the American inability to _represent_ to the
extent that, for example, Baudrillard becomes precisely that grounding of
the simulacrum that forgets and reifies him simultaneously. For Julia, as
if there were no thought without the name, precisely the name-of-the-father
which resonates top to bottom with structure...

Think of it as a protocol suite, layered, well-defined. Think of it as a 
substrate still resonant above the chora, Father-name splitting into the 
hundreds of thousands of addressing throughputs in the routers. So that 
there is a dispersion known as TCP/IP: which never lets go. Do protocols 
function as unconscious, in relation to the ascii unconscious I described 
in Third Sex? Hardly; they are automated as mobile structure themselves, 
invisible touchpoints. But Freud is visible in name and flesh, Kristeva's 
passion and resurrection, where theory lends itself to articulation of 
language and somatic phenomena.

