


<Perth,x>


Unlike Ari, perhaps, I do think we met in Perth; I don't think we all
connected. I don't think it was really cool in Perth although some of us
were hot in Perth, which was far out, way cool. There were bodies in Perth
and some still are. You can think about them tethered, elastic, a syzygial
game played in a concrete topography delineated by the limits of cities,
bush, suburb, and their interpenetrations. It's dangerous to deny the
real. It's dangerous to fetishize it. Absolute silence fetishizes nothing. 
Some of us talked to one another in Perth. Some of us talked past one
another in Perth. No one speaks to the fullness of alterity. The group
broke up into pieces, coalesced; Jerry spoke or wrote to that, after
Perth, through Perth. Perth is not a divisor, inscription, barrier; it is
a variable. To remember it is a variable is to remember the functor
characteristics of a cyberspace of arrows and objects. Objects become
arrows; arrows are objects; the world is an intermingling of communica-
tions, states, processes, places, flows, and not all the poetics in the
word play against the momentary glance of a face. It's not the gaze which
cuts, inscribes, but the glance which fissures. In Perth we talked to one
another; who ever talks with or listens? What sort of space is listening? 
Did we hear one another in Perth? The phenomenology of silence requires
the accompaniment of hearing, the governance or editorial-body of the
ear. Who has heard in Perth?  What is this anywhere where the letters drop
out, clatter like names to the floor? What has been gained if there are no
divisions? What has been gained if there are? The words in the world don't
make things easier than presence.

Jon and I were discussing the phenomenology and structures of liminal
spaces, gaps within rationalist trajectories between arrows. Where do they
open up; what sorts of structures fill them? I submit Jon, Perth, and you
are such gaps; I submit to you. Some day one of us will die first.

Nothing is language or communication. Far out.


