


Resisting Australia


It is necessary to resist a momentary intrusion into another country, a
situation which leaves little to the understanding and much to the memory. 
So it is I bequeath myself, a resistance to Australia, to a surface pro-
nouncement as to the delineation of a culture or cultures. What could I
possibly comprehend, when even taxation and history are relatively un-
known? This is a matter of some seriousness, for example, where aboriginal
literature is concerned. Whom do I read, to whom do I listen, and for what
purpose? An unknown politics plays out around me; secrecies and concepts
of possession play poorly with transcription over a history of two centur-
ies of writing and description. What is being described? 

So I find myself resisting, as in the resistance to a text, a distance
which refuses bleak and fragile attachments, unless a portal is already
opened. That is, unless you offer me an invitation into your heart of
hearts, dear heart, your innermost soul, sitting down and genuinely
sharing a meal between our peoples, coming together over breaking bread. 
And even then there are so may misfortunes, missteps, misrecognitions!
Your tea is our dinner, and our dinner and supper move into realms un-
known, different mealings altogether. 

My people say hi there! to your people!

It is a necessary resistance against mourning and weeping and wailing and
leaving and departing and saying good-byes; it retains the character of
the interstice, the presence of capital, life beneath the signifier. One
must always know whom one is reading, to whom one is speaking, sleeping
with; what does it mean to sleep with a lover, a friend, the enemy? 

Resistance is always here a form of love; resisting Australia is to return
with eyes wide open and apart to American pathos, pathology, paths. 
They'll cut the forests down here too, return the homed to the homeless,
fast-foward disintegrate. I could be on the slide on the way down, the
stairs on the way up. I could be with you beneath the wallaroo or kangabee
tree. I couldn't find my way out of a Sydney suburb.

You can gather I'm nowhere, that the Net cuts through my chest like one of
Lingis' dismemberments. Whatever's burned in there is unreadable; so much
for the signifier. It's not significant anyway; it just hurts, all those
scars and bandages. Sometimes I have no idea where they came from, or even
if they're busy reciting history of sorts. Like everything else, they
resist reading. 

Like everything else, antipodean.


