


Research


I'd like to begin a dialog, if at all possible, on the viability of re-
search that is non-statistical. Other lists emphasize number-crunching
projects, and it's the way for any good traditional graduate student to
build up points; I've been asked to fill out surveys a number of times. On
some lists, these surveys are considered the proper (read _etiquette_)
model of study; they give a quasi-scientific status to the work done,
allow for comparative analyses, etc. They also contain the germs of Pop-
perian falsifiability, not to mention the enforcement of paradigms, both
in the results and the methodology.

The research that I and many postmodernists/post-structuralists (or post-
post- since time is of the construct here) do is otherwise, often quasi-
literary in return; it emphasizes a theoretical approach based on psycho-
analytical/structural/phenomenological concerns, running somewhere among
anecdotes, participant observation, and theory itself. It does not seek
_fact,_ but _in fact_ problematizes facticity, or locates the factual
within domains of comparatively narrow bandwidth - for example, the study
of gender proportions on various media. It works through a continuous re-
interpretation of states and processes, based, in part, on both personal
observation/critique, and the knife of theory, cutting through/cauterizing
personal investment in favor of (unverifiable) interpretive structures.

There is a risk here, of too-wide bandwidth, of developing an idiolect or
personal terminology that obfuscates or effaces the habitus - that words
obscure the "real" flow of environment and subject, that theory becomes a
method of control, that data is no longer considered relevant, that in-
vestment necessarily means bias. Such a risk has to be circumscribed, al-
ways acknowledged as well. 

I write this from a position of defensiveness, since so much traditional
sociological methodology resides within _data_ at this point; while humans
are entering domains which are arguably "new," these methodologies turn
politically conservative and restraining. On some lists, "postmodernism" 
is _literally_ a dirty word, associated with huge grants (?!), unethical
analysis, false or inauthentic knowledge, and "opinion" - which itself is
bad if unsupported by statistical evidence. 

This places Freud, Lacan, Kristeva, Irigaray, Chasseguet-Smirgel, in an
odd light, not for their interstitial dialogic, but for the small or non-
existent size of their samples. And it places sampling itself as inviol-
able, as if MOO questionnaires can produce _everything relevant,_ in spite
of the fact, for example, that there are people who will answer them, and
people who won't, and now there are MOOs that refuse precisely this kind
of study. 

There should be intellectual/academic/economic space for all forms of re-
search into CMC, particularly given the relative newness and confusion
associated with the field (is it even a field, domain, area, singular or
plural, coherency/contingency/contiguity/multiplicity? ...). Instead, I
find biases across the Net, not only in favor of the statistical, but
otherwise against theory - carrying the same prejudices that now affect
U.S. academia, into cyberspace. Beginning with the de Man and Heidegger
affairs (singular or plural, etc.), conservatives have placed theoretical
approaches and deconstruction on the defensive; the result is a one-way
street reminiscent of the 1940s and 50s. The political ramifications
vis-a-vis CMC are troubling, since, for example, pornography becomes a
question of quantitative analysis, rather than an issue of justice, the
natures of images, languages, desires, and communities, etc. 

I do not mean to suggest that statisticians are right-wing; that would be
absurd. But their approach is defined by statistics, by an insistence that
this is _the_ way to carry on research and comprehension, and such an in-
sistence is also a form of control. I would argue that control of research
development is, in fact, right-wing by fiat, that it is exclusionary.

This bias, then, is not one of inclusivity. I think that many of us, be-
yond theorists and academics, will lose in the long run.  On one hand,
there is the foregrounding of people like Turkle and the Krokers; on the
other, there are the background manipulations by the "true" researchers
and their statistical analysis. The left has always been more colorful; 
its very self-problematizing leads to its defeat.

The rest has never been history.


