


Deep-down Stromatolitic Nowhere Journey Void

Boom Thud Tongue Ding Thonged

Broom

I'm so neurotic I can't function here. I still wake up halfway in tears. I
still feel completely alone. The stars are different. The conference has
drained from the body. It's all my fault. I killed all those people. I
ruined their lives. I'm never done with them. I've done too much with
them. I watch myself trying to get along and watch myself watching myself.
I need someone to shatter the mirror, break down the door, cross the
railroad tracks against the gap. How stupid can this be highschool foot-
ball star. I begin the nightmares again. I miss the ease of dis/ease. I'm
protected in cyberspace; no one has to see me. But I can say anything I
want, and with the ease of dis/ease. I begin to think:  My mind is dam
damaged. My mind is dam damaged. It closes down. I want to see the
stromatolites. I want to see them real bad. Most badly do I do. I do want
to lie down. I do want to lie down in the pool. I do want to lie down in
the pool and submerge. I do want to float beneath the surface. I do so
want my eyes beneath the surface. I do so want my breasts beneath the
surface. I do so want to be with the stromatolites. I do so much want to
live _there_ with the beginning of life. I do so much to die so a stroma-
tolite can turn be perfect ugly body shape like human shape like cyber-
shape like memory. I do such much want to be like memory. I do so much
want to be like memory. I do so much want to be like memory.

But is there a bus there in the water? But do the rails sink themselves
into that water? It's saline; batteries burn out, bodies rust, humans lose
themselves in spit, spew, and spray. There's pollution too; we can't hold
back our juices. The maw of death rips open my back; there's no bone. I
begin to sense the purity of absence - have you read what I write? The jet
lag, then nowhere in Perth, antipodean indefinite for this sick morsel
blahblah - stromatolitic thud lending itself to bodies crushed beneath
their own desires. Every desire is a sickness. Every single one. Every one
of them. Every last one of them. Every single last one of them. Each and
every one. Each and every last one of them. Each one of them. 

Including the rancid journey. Take my eyes and I see darkness everywhere.
Take them.

