


Rim


(I recognize the misrecognition in the following; the truth is only a
grain here but the spec/tacle clarifies what might become a momentary
immuring of vision.)

Back again; in Canada's ongoing discussion of identity, Wilden's The Imag-
inary Canadian, with its different French and English editions, played a
role - think of this as Lacanian hegemony, or consider the black power
hegemony exercised in Quebecois parti pris rhetoric. Identities are shored
up - look at Quebec's language law 101 - past all privation - anything to
prevent leakage, erosion, proving only once again that boundaries are por-
ous and that identity itself exists within a potential well as construct.

Only in US doxa does identity become essentialism; one is born in the USA,
born an American, better dead than red, love it or leave it, blahblahblah.
We're responsible for the fall of communism, we're the greatest country on
earth, we're the last remaining superpower, we're the greatest country on
earth because of God's bounty, blahblahblah. Frontiers have been our forte
and it's been pointed out that the continued mobility of the American
frontier, east to west, world-wide, outer-space, gives the illusion of do-
minion, imagination stretched without boundary - Canada's always been
hindered by permafrost - you can go just so far North, Australia by the
desert interior and totalizing shores.

Canada and Australia have had cultural-identity industries, self-critique;
the US, by and large, has not. Canada and Australia play directly into
constructivist cyberspatial concerns; the US exerts hegemony. Warhol's
simulacrum implies a ruined transcendence; Davila's quotation of Warhol
emphasizes linking, colonization and endocolonization (Virilio), break-
down.

In cyberspace, identity is unstable, shifting, partly under the subject's
control, partly lagged/frozen/inundated; in cyberspace, identity is a con-
tinuity of declaration/protocol. Where does identity go? How does the sub-
ject _dip_ into cyberspace, and into which medium, which protocol suite,
which application? The questions reflect answers in the form of hegemony
and the imaginary; cyberspace and CMC _leak,_ just as the nation-state
leaks, is inherently unstable, etc.

We need these dialogs on the frontiers of ruined empire; it's here that
languages are born, the center assailed, methodologies deconstructed. So
it's ironic that theory is produced by and large from countries of the
center, when the theory that's needed, desired, enactable, can only come
from the periphery, where the grounds are shaken out, where the center is
revealed as a classically-historical dead-zone.

The conclusion - never to return to the source: it's a hole in the ground.
(Or break it open, even from the center: rim-job.)


