


Juan Davila (Andrew, Moira, Maria, Allison: Juan-Baby!)


I have been thinking about the paintings of Juan Davila for some time now,
an Australian/Chilean painter of the '80s who used pop imagery and the
proper name, vis-a-vis Lacanian/Freudian theory, as a way of exploring is-
sues of identity, gender, and colonialism. His works present the spectre
of continuous deferment, exploding the interpenetration of media, body,
and community - one of the few instances in contemporary painting of theo-
ry worked through image. 

The theory explodes into the residue of signs and systems which remain in-
choate, discomforting, beneath or elsewhere than language. There are im-
plications for Net communities and virtual bodies; the real in Davila is
always already virtual vis-a-vis the spectacular body, an inversion of
cyberbodies which begin with virtuality, producing the specular body.

There are small books and pamphlets published on Davila's work as well as
numerous reproductions; his _Stupid as a Painter,_ a work around eight
meters long, is a culmination of sorts. Identified with Imants Tillers as
well, both employing appropriation/deconstructive strategies, he cuts
closer to the political bone; Tillers cuts closer to the eyes.

What is the name connected to an image from _elsewhere,_ like America?

Nelly Richard writes: "But Davila's expression of the interdiscursive
function of painting in his explicit reference to a list of authors, whose
work he transforms by making them interact with each other, collectivises
the space of the signature. Here the name of the author is only one amon-
gst many, in a series that includes preceding and contemporary authors:
the field of competence Davila inscribes in his practice."

Again, "The whole process of quotation implies the forging of an unfore-
seeable unity, from the various statements and fragments of a decomposed
unity, into a new field of enunciation. In the passage from one material-
ity to another, in the translation of one support to another, new contex-
tual pressures are applied to the quoted statement in question, whose con-
tours are redefined and whose meaning is re-oriented in a new and unpre-
cedented fashion." (Richard, 1985, Selections from 'Love in Quotes' in 
Butler, What is Appropriation, An Anthology of Critical Writings on Aus-
tralian Art in the '80s and '90s.)

Davila comments elsewhere (Paper Burns) on normative painting: "The pic-
ture reinforces the idealistic and illusory elements that deny the mat-
erial links between the subject and the social totality. Painting corres-
ponds to the need of a community to consume its own image in a safe ges-
ture." This _safe gesture_ or reinforcement is one vertex of a triad which
includes series/insertions (deferment) and the discomfiture of psychoan-
alytical debris. Net community occurs within self-devouring of the symbol-
ic; continuous deferment and quotation; and irruption/suturing. Against
these operations, identity and habitus/socius play themselves out. There
is the sign of capital; there is an/other sign of hegemony: the two fuck,
are identical. Gender splays, collapses; everyone, everything is out. What
world remains crashes against ideological constructions. 

Beneath these surfaces, the imaginary/revolution in poetic language. Dav-
ila: "We are faced again with the renunciation of a concept of history."
The artworld (today) is equivalent to Websurfing. What upwells, re: chth-
onic, is elsewhere, darknet. Davila's paintings are interstitial and where
else does image do so good a job in the psycho/analysis of text-driven
virtual worlds?


