


Telephony

Who were you that called in at three-thirty in the morning, hanging up
just before I reached the phone, calling again at three-fifty, locking the
lock, throwing away the key? I had no recourse; I turned the telephone
back on (it was the phantom clicking of the answering-machine that woke me
up), waiting patiently, staring at the LED signifying orange desire,
emptiness, your absence inside me.

These traces play lightning havoc at all times, day or night; they enter
and leave the realm of pure sound. Who are you, that tolls and toils for
me, vectors me, dangles me just beyond reach? I imagine you thickened with
clusters of organs, organelles; they search networks for the simulacrum of
presence, extol the net for vacuum and unmentionables. They pleasure you
with the absence of answers.

Could I have called myself forth like torn tissue from your cunt, blood-
stream from your cock, cells burst into oxygenated air, I would have done
so, curled in the process of death's afterbirth. Could I have clothed the
_you,_ scarred orifice into the semblance of being, or could I have ex-
truded this viscous flesh into partitions, cracks, body's ligatures, I
would have done so. Nor do I know, now, whether your absence is my own.

For who are you to unravel the membrane of dreams with technology's per-
sistent click, violation fabric of welcome and masquerade? You turn away
from the door, leaving your bloody prints; my tongue licks the clotted
blood from handle and hinge alike. Metals become me in the absence of your
flesh.

Your absence inside me, pleasuring you with the absence of answers, be-
comes my abscess in your flesh's absence. But I lie for the pleasure of
the text and writing's (re)capitulation, spreading my hole for the sound
of your voice. O needy One, protect me as _this machine_ devours tele-
phony; typing, I'm safe from your maledictions. A clear line is a danger-
ous one; you live to stab me again. My nipple bleeds and milks. From a
distance you drink me, distend my breasts. I've not heard from you yet;
I've never heard from you. In Medea res.


