


Cutting Time


My computer menu counts down in seconds; in one direction, full access,
and in the other, the DOS lpmud I rewrote. At three seconds, I hit enter,
cutting the last three (02 01 00) dyads; they're gone. What is the "they"
that awaits another turn at booting up? Instructions lend themselves to
surface interpretations; what occurs on the surface is assumed "count
down" by human operators. The pixeled numbers are striated by canyons de-
marcating boundaries; an interrupt has halted the appearance of these
configurations.

I offer the possibility that time has split, opened up, as in Hugh Everett
III's top-down deterministic quantum mechanics, and that the three dyads
have fallen through, clattered elsewhere in other universes, suturing this
one shut. 

What has created this suturing? The presence of consciousness, which has
chosen, I have chosen, neural networks streaming precipitously, to act in
a particular manner (hitting the return key), motivating matter to carry
on the specificity of cutting through the count. It's a physical act that
transforms time, speeds the machine into another world, where it parallels
this one, a few seconds behind or ahead.

For this reason, I assume that I am simultaneously ahead and behind myself
- but not in such a fashion (as) that _it averages out._ Time flickers
about me, incandescent flames barely visible in the day, burning brightly
throughout the sullen night. 

This is the truth, although the many-worlds theory surely is not. Cutting
through the countdown, I literally _see_ time and time's glow and decay;
my body's embers churn with it. On the streets, I see time's vast conflag-
ration; there is little separation between the self and the cinder, be-
tween memory and bodies charred by fire. 

This is the truth, although the single-world theory surely is not. Cutting
through the countdown, I literally _hear_ time and time's toll and decay;
my bones resonate, churn with it. On the streets, I hear time's vast mur-
mur; there is little separation between the self and harmony, between mem-
ory and bodies sung and twisted by waves of burning sound.


