


Dusts and Radiations (Cantor Dust Transmission Towers)


Dust settles. It sloughs from the real, fills the cracks, cauterizes his-
tory, sinters culture. It travels. It moves substance across meridians.. 
Dust is atmospheric, existing in alliance with the air. Radiation travels
through dust, is dispersed by the same. 

Radiation carries obstacle and inherent information. Extrinsic, it bounces
from surface to surface, defines surface, contributes to the formation of
entity and identity. Intrinsic, it run in spurts, amplitudes, wavelengths,
shuttling information that defines its very existence. It's presence is
intrinsic, say, and the quality of its presence is extrinsic.

Nothing is pure in the radiative domain, everything interweaves, and meta-
phors go only so far. Radiation, like dust, traverses; it doesn't require
the atmospheric ether. If dust silently corrupts the surface, wears and is
the result of wearing down, radiation floods, spews, emits; it breathes
the virtual vacuums of outer space. Information is the result of division;
it's _here_ that something exists, and it's _here_ that my voice is car-
ried to you, and it's _here_ that image image image. Desire rides, inter-
weaves, interpenetrates, but desire is an other. 

Postmodernity is the topography and psychogeography of dusts and radia-
tions - extinctions, pollutions, desertifications, abandonments, colonias,
internet, telephony, radio, television, microwave. Dusts are bottom up; 
they're beneath the surface, under things. Radiations are top-down, ig-
noring boundaries: what is being said, produced, constructed, wherever you
are. Dust erodes electronics; electronics must be placed in physical po-
tential wells to continue operating - islands of stability in the midst
of flux, heat, moisture, vandalism. 

I desire a phenomenology of dust and radiation, interspersed with global
economies, the ravagings of human occupations. I desire the analysis of
uncanny or imaginary ghosts wandering these denuded landscapes, with all
the information anyone might desire, on any planet, anything, overwhelming
and absurdist information, the truth of the real buried in defuge. I de-
sire the interlace through all of this, the emergence of a pure and beau-
tiful text like that very ravaged body. 

Dust leaves trails; radiation decays in quantum noise; we bury ourselves
in the fiction of truthful nomenclature. 


