
 


Cat Behavior


Since I live alone with a cat, I intensify my relationship with her at
every opportunity, carefully examining her behavior. So I feel I can say
with some certainty (mind you, having examined numerous other cats as
well):

1. It's a myth that a cat brings mice to humans as a sign that they're
poor hunters. The mice are transitional objects, gifts. The cat will also
bring artificial mice, knowing full well that they're inedible, but they
stand for a certain currency. 

2. It's a myth that a cat sees humans as large cats; one only has to bring
another cat in the room, as opposed to a human, to see that the cat can
make this distinction. The cat sees a human as a human.

3. It's a myth that a cat is "fooled" by hands and feet under the covers.
In fact, the cat will play along for a while; she's bored. She tires of
the game in a very different manner than tiring of waiting for a real
mouse to make a move.

4. A cat will, like a python, immediately lock eyes; it's the eyes that
establish and maintain the relationship, to no great surprise. It's also
the eyes that signify dominance/subdominance.

5. A cat possesses ikonic signifiers; the artificial mice are a good exam-
ple. They do not doubly inscribe or disconnect, however; the symbolic (in
both the Lacanian and Peircian sense) is foreign to it. However it lives
in the imaginary, as dreams indicate; it inhabits the same dreamworld we
do, without the dubious benefit of interpretation.

6. The symbolic residue within the real is almost totally foreign to a
cat; it responds rarely to other animals on television or in pictures; it
responds almost not at all to its mirror image. On the other hand, a cat
is the walking manifestation of defuge, decathecting from symbolic invest-
ment or the investment of desire. So a cat ignores the mirror stage, but
is taken up with Sartrean Nausee, far beyond the hairball stage.

7. Evolution has bred the cat towards almost perfect neotany in size,
purr, movement, and appearance. The cat's genetics, however, have not car-
ried its instinctual domain to the same degree; it is an animal constantly
wondering at human and other behavior.

8. Because of its extended kitten-play, it's evident that a cat possesses
both intelligence beyond the instinctual, and culture. Play is the begin-
ning of culture; it's a superstructural manipulation of the real with
necessarily unforeseen consequences. A wholly instinctual animal would
never require play for its development, not even a Waddington-evolutionary
animal which produces certain defined behaviors in relationship to the
environment on-hand. (This is my weak point of the argument.)

9. On the other hand, instinct makes up almost all of a cat's daily life,
short-circuiting the need to develop routines (of cleaning, etc.) inde-
pendently. And it's possible to elicit conflicting instincts - for example
a cat can lick the arm of a human on one hand, while violently flailing at
it with her hind feet at the same time (her forefeet holding the arm in
position for both behaviors).

10. The point of all of this, in relation to cyberspace, is the condition
of constant wonder mentioned above. Signifiers float everywhere around a
cat living with a human; these create a highly variable environment with
unknown and unknowable behaviors and projections. What does she do? She
surfs or goes to sleep.

