

typing during blackout

He sat down to return to his beloved texts. Everything in the room was
perfect, ready to receive his incisive wit, critical acumen on just about
everything. He turned the screen off.

He turned the screen off and continued typing; there was a deep blue-black
glow, hardly obtrusive. His vision was increasingly impaired by the
migraine, but he continued on, working the words. They feel into the void;
he began to understand Pascal all over again. What surrounded him was the
empty space of language, grounded nowhere; letters floated, each
responsive to the pressure of a key, but they floated orthogonally,
without the benefit of sight or hearing.

They floated just like language has always disconnected. The only gift of
being human is this disconnection, which animals mhave only to a limited
degree. It's not just the chain of signifiers, difference; it's literally
a rupture with the real, a broken essence or immersion that opened, tens
of thousands of years ago, the way towards construct.

Euclid is pure construct. He thought, Euclid used diagrams, and I can't
see what I'm doing: In this condition, _letters hurt._ He couldn't bear
light of any kind.

With Euclid, it was all laid out; it - the grid- analytical geometry - the
origin -- was alreay implicit. The break was there in the beginning, and
even earlier, among the Egyptians and Babylonians for example - but it was
the axiomatic that began to change everything, the axiomatic that was the
self-referentiality of the construct.

He'd leave the rrors in - he couldn't see. The geometry moved quickly to
the abstract, purely and simply - and he began thinking about the
interrelation of geometry and set theory, a set of points, rules of
interconnectivity. it kept moving that way.

the whole history was a movement of this kind. the earth was left far
behind; the problem with virtual reality, he saw through not seeing, was
its dependence on ssight, touch, hearing - its dependence on the pre-given
senses. So it was bound by all the rules o the senses. Or their protocols,
or bandwidths, or whatever.

But this disconnect, this wsa different; it wasn't even language or space.
There was nothing virtual about its lack of referentiality...

He realized that this typing had, in fact, forestalled the migraine
patterns; they suddenly disappeared. It was the concentration on the
symbolic, he thought, a first for semiotic curesYet it was true; ther
wasn't a sign of them, only the blank screen, nothing ventured, nothing
gained, and nothing nothing present.

