


Couple of comments on the two recent texts - 

In the 60s, language developed as if it were drawn from the body, centered
on cool, hot, groovy, hip, vibes, far out, all taken from a return of the
repressed, as everyone knows; language was extruded, reconnected. Now cyb-
erlanguage reinterprets for capital; cyberspace demarcates abstraction
which absorbs the body; the body retaliates with fury and accounts of sad-
omasochism; the body is lost, loses, in the imaginary of cyborg phenomeno-
logy. So that my text `fuckin hell jerry disconnect` is an attempt to re-
turn to that earlier language, through reiteration and reassertion - so
that the wandering or nomadic body of the 60s becomes a vibration/spectral
line in the 90s. It's precisely the datedness of this language that re-
cords the loss and mourning of the body in cyberspace, which the poverty
of the cyborg body cannot recuperate.

Something is necessary beyond the machinic, prosthetic; the Colors issue I
mentioned hints at that, a multiculturalism that refuses body/not-body in
a manner escaping cyborgian technics.

It's the other piece, `typing during blackout` (and the backwards quotes
with both titles signify their activation/performative status elsewhere as
linked text), that emphasizes the radical disconnection of language - not
towards a metaphysical void, but towards a complete statelessness (in the
sense of a physical state). The current body is left behind by virtue of
the keyed-in text; the keyed-up body occupies a difference which can't be
written or wrytten. The cyborg is self-cauterized, castrato of neither
gender. 

Virtual reality is also problematized in such an account; it's not that
it's leaky, but that it collapses because the best it can do is fill the
senses - there are machines for that purpose. Radical disconnection of the
signifier implies that there are other more inviolate spaces of the imag-
inary, which are elsewhere than these "reality-modalities." I'd argue that
these spaces are interstitial among abstracting and abstracted languages,
and that there's something wrong with all these accounts of cyborg, body,
language, cyberspace, real, that won't be untangled for decades - we're in
grappling in the dark; we may always be.

Typing into nowhere. Hippies in cyberspace.

I write this in an attempt to ground what might appear to be the vagaries
of these texts, as if they were exercises in style (Queneau, who also had
a serious purpose), unrelated, or related only by the contiguity of auth-
orship. 


