


Auto-biography sample text from .bio.old with names changed*


1943 There are early screen memories of _being carried_ on a medical
gurney past rows of medication bottles; the lighting was fluorescent, a
nurse pushing the cart - I remember everything from the position of _being
behind_ her.  1943-1997 I have had my faults.  1950 I was given a small
film projector with a crank on the side; it was crinkled black with a
translucent window for viewing the animated cartoons.  All of my work has
stemmed from this.  1952 I really don't have a date but wonder about my
early love for aaaa who worked for the family and who I think went to
an asylum. All my memories are like this, vague dates, worried and blanked
memories. I remember golden hair.  1952 It was around this year that we
moved from Reynolds Street to Ford Avenue. I don't think I was friendly
with the bbbb any more. We used to fight with serrated pieces of wood.
The screendoor had a tear in it.  1956 I heard of Elvis. I loved the word
"fuck." Someone showed me Elvis' picture in the paper. At camp, camp. 
1956 I watched someone masturbate at camp; I was thrilled. Early
homoerotic memories, not genitally-centered. He masturbated on the
bleachers; I forget his name. 

1956 Later this year (or was it this year?), I masturbated ceaselessly in
the shower and bathtub; sperm stuck to me, everywhere. I associated
masturbation with urination, retaining the urine, spurting both on myself,
ecstatically.  1956-60 I cried myself to sleep, etc. I had a small box on
the bed table; I'd keep a list of best friends in it as well as a list of
"things to do" so I could surprise myself - some sort of obscene proxy.
1956-8 I joined the American Forestry Association (or something with a
similar name) and had images of trees on the walls; I flitted from one to
another - I couldn't really identify with them. I also had the runic
alphabet up. I cried myself to sleep.  1960 I just about flunked my first
semester at Brown, collapsing until I learned to hold myself back, give
the faculty what they wanted, hating it all the time...  1960 The
depressions continue for the rest of my life 1962 I watched the side of
the factory open up in the middle of the night and a machine (I later
identified as an atomic cannon) wheel out, run to the end of the valley in
Jerusalem, its turret revolving, turn around, and go back. Next day, the
factory 1962 was still, closed up once again. I asked my roomate what it
was;  he kept saying "a textile factory." But there was something else
gone on...  1962 We managed to get shot at from an absurdly safe distance
on the Galil in Israel, while witnessing a battle between Israelis and
Syrians. At the UN, the former were condemned; in real life, it was all to
clear that the latter had started the attack.  1967 Lost my virginity to
cccc; I was 24. She hung around the music group I was forming. I moved
into her parents' house; they knew. Things began to go very wrong. She'd
been abused at the age of 4. I owned a fire siren.

1968 I think dddd and I were married; it was a traditional wedding. I was
afraid of her father's anti-semitism. Our fucking was unsuccessful; I had
forgotten cccc who might have still been in the asylum. 1969 eeee and I in
our dismally-cathected relationship, talked about swapping women (they
never would have gone along); I already sensed something was wrong with
June and me...  1974 Around this time, I remember living off and on with
ffff; she left the loft one day, and I said Take care of yourself, and she
said, I always do...  1976-1977 I work on the Structure of Reality, a text
composed of the hysteria of information, network theory, annihilation in
code-particles. It's printed in Halifax and Williams College, two
editions. Parts surface later in an article in C magazine.  1977 Secretly,
I think I know everything.  1980 I get involved with women who are as
crazy as I am; no one saner would put up with me. My relationships are
characterized by extremes of intensity, hysteria, exhaustion, sexuality.
I'm worn out, wear people out. A bad catch...  1980 The year where my
writing began to coalesce; I was 37 already. Lived with gggg for part of
the year in Montreal and was there for the Quebecois referendum. I
discovered Nicole Brossard, feminin ecriture, and Hubert Acquin; they
resonated.  1982 hhhh and I left for Queenstown in the eastern center of
the island. We were warned we might be killed; we got off the bus and
traffic stopped. People pulled over to the side of the road and watched.
We ran back in, dressed as punks, terrified...

1982 I left for three and a half years - to teach in Tasmania - lasted
three and a half months, returning with hhhh; I was asked to resign. The
only time in my life I drank, and the closest I've come to a nervous
breakdown.  1985-6 Later Paul Celan's poetry would take off from where
aaaa began; his poetry of elegy and holocaust related to the pure milk
skin memories of desire I still retain - perhaps an afterthought, after-
birth, projection...  1991 iiii walked out after my severe depressions;
she told me she was committed to me the day she left. I remember the truck
pulling away, the expression on the face of her mother.  I was stunned...
She met her future husband within the hour.  1996 thought of this program
as a way to begin to create an autobiography, everything ordered through
dates...  1997 I think I'm so smart. 


