




Revisiting Distinction, 2+2, Various


From 1972-4, I worked out a mathematics based on semantics, a mathematics
of process in which 2+2=4 would _always_ be written as objects and arrows,
2+2 -> 4, for example. This mathematics involved temporality, and was
based on containers, channels, and markers; channels connected containers,
and containers held markers. Networks could be established (somewhat sim-
ilar to Petrie nets); every individuated distribution of markers among
containers constituted a state. These networks were graphs; a second set
of graphs connected states. 

There were graphs which continually oscillated (markers cyclically) and
graphs which were either immobile or tending towards immobility. It was
easy to construct meta-graphs, in which each node represented the state of
another graph (as above) or its own state - written P(Q or P(P. It was
also possible to construct meta-graphs mapping one-to-many or many-to-one
or even involving "foreign" graphs and states. 

There were also gates, elements of cause-and-effect or contingency. These
could be combined to form threshold logic elements, with variable thresh-
olds, for example.

The possibilities led to the notion of a _topology of intention,_ of dis-
tinction, represented by these graphs and networks. Such a topology was a
mathesis based on semantic representation, not syntactics; it implied a
subject, and because of this there were other operations that could be
entered "from without," transforming the graphs in various ways.

In this fashion, consciousness was related to transformation, bracketing,
and distinction; it was possible to think "through" transformation types,
for example, by investigating various forms of bracketing.

All of this was considered semi-independent of mathematical truth - I held
(and still hold) such to be ideal (with qualifications, i.e. Godel's posi-
tion). So for example, it would be possible to have 2+2 -> 3, and this
could have several meanings: a unit was taken away; a mistake was made;
someone is insisting on this transformation; the transformation as a whole
is bracketed as an example in a text (such as this one).

"The logic of consciousness, then, has devices and representations which
allow both analysis of and meditation on the intentionality inherent in
the production of the abstract. In a sense the logic of consciousness can
express its own ongoingness."


