


Existential Funnyman


I've never been able to stop thinking. In the middle of sex, I'm thinking. 
If I say hello to you how are you, I'm thinking: is this ok, am I an idi-
ot. There's never a moment that I'm not offering myself like a whore. I'm
eighteen years old and I've seen death.

You make it clear to me I'm a whore. I have nothing you want. On the Net I
can be anyone. In life I can't be anybody. No one finds me attractive here
where I am. I don't live in a safe house. It's always about to collapse. I
don't belong to anything. Teachers hate me. Bosses hate me. To know me is
to hate me. I walk in and say, give me a job, I'll whore for you. I'm
thrown out. My love of reading is an addiction. I'll put my last cent into
a book. I'm jealous of everyone. I'm bitter and not nice. My depressions
save me from horror.  I've been told not to use italics. I hate boldface. 
It's all I can do to get up in the morning. 

I have no superego. It was a birthright; I was robbed. I break everything
down. I can't believe it all. I can't believe in the real. I don't love
any fact. I don't know what it would be to love a fact. Maybe I'm sick but
I sure as hell won't take drugs. I'm eighteen and I know all about life. 
I'm sick of life and I'm sick. I don't know what's wrong with me. "Maybe
it's my liver." It's not my liver. 

I'm jealous of your superego. What does it do? It glides you through the
simple questions. It takes you through the rainy days, the hard times.  It
takes you through guilt-trips and rip-offs. It takes you through that rare
moment of pleasure. It's just like superman, superwoman, ubermensch. It
gives you the face to put on in the morning and the face that's yours in
the night. And I want your superego and I want your face.

I want your face. I want to be beautiful. I want you to want me. I want
you to walk into my room and say, I want you. I'd even settle for need. 
But it's got to be here-in-the-real, not across cuseeme-phone-scent-vis-
ion. It's got to be me. I'm a whore, a desecrated song. O Belief!

Oh oh oh I'm the existential funnyman. I'm eighteen years old and I think
about death all the time. Is there a God? Why doesn't she come down and
fuck me? I'll never have a girlfriend at this rate. I want big money soon.
Maybe it's my hair.

I can't tell the truth anyway; come be my hair.

