


Potential and a Potential for Confusion


Distinction, primitive, primordial, and/or given, exists only within a
potential well, and it is worthwhile to examine the necessity of an
accompanying _domain._ A computer program announces itself; variables may
or may not be declared; Perl has to be resuscitated from the /bin/; sub-
routines and labels are clearly defined; grammar has to be observed ex-
actly; everything runs by virtue of the potential well of both hardware
and software. Drawing a distinction in sand (a stick making a line for
example) requires a reasonably light wind - a temporary stasis in the
world. Drawing a distinction between prime and non-prime numbers is more
subtle in this regard, but it again exists within a carefully-defined
domain, that of the integers. 

The potential well itself is a distinction, a borderland with relatively
steep slopes, between inside and outside; this even occurs in spectra - an
electron losing energy as it settles into an inner orbit (emitting a pho-
ton of a specific frequency distinguished from others) behaves as a partic-
le with fuzzy attributes within a well-defined domain. 

Black noise and pink noise have distinguishable spectral characteristics;
white noise is distinguished from both by the absence of such.

I don't want to push this too far. But it seems that drawing a distinction
or a distinction drawn always already (the elements or fundamental parti- 
cles) is contingent upon the existence of a domain or arena, itself a
distinction (the scale of an electron is different from the scale of a
molecule). While the former is dependent upon a notion of _inscription,_
the latter may require nothing more than a phenomenology of _place._

I sense by the way that something is "wrong" here, that distinction, in
fact, absorbs its potential well perhaps, that the division is artificial.
If signifiers are such by virtue of difference, they are also such by vir-
tue of the sememe, the domain of langue. The latter as domain or place is
differentiated or distinguished from other domains or places (say the
sense of emotional well-being); we're in a never-ending chain of mountains
and valleys, a fractal landscape of _anything_ with any ontology that can
be thought as entity.


