


Internet Philosophy and Psychology -                        1/6/97


This is a somewhat periodic notice describing my Internet Text, available
on the Net, and sent in the form of texts to various lists. The URL is:
http://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/~spoons/internet_txt.html

The changing nature of the email lists, Cybermind and Fiction-of-Phil-
osophy, to which the tests are sent individually, hides the full textual
body itself, since new readers will not be aware of the continuity. For
them the text appears fragmentary, created piecemeal, splintered from a
non-existent whole. On my end, the whole is evident, the texts extended
into the lists, part or transitional objects.

So this (periodic) notice is an attempt to recuperate the work as a total-
ity, retard its diaphanous existence. Below is an updated introduction.

-----

The work to date is divided into three sections: the Internet Text proper,
the alphabetic text a-u, and a group of independent titles. Together they
would fill over 4 megs, and constitute around 2k pages total. The work
was started more three years ago, and has continued as an extended med-
itation on cyberspace. It begins with a somewhat straightforward theor-
etical approach, and then, calling on numerous ghosts (alive, quasi-alive,
and dead), continues in a variety of directions.

I have used a re-worked MUD (multi-user-dungeon), talkers, MOOs, and Cu-
SeeMe, as a way of creating discourses about these issues. This has led to
further work about the political economy of the Net, and various other
concerns, ranging from voyeurism to language-distribution theories, Net
wars, and software/upgrading. Currently, I am thinking through issues of
demarcation, inscription, writing, and distinction, autobiography, soft-
ware, and programming.

Almost all of the text is in the form of "short-waves, long-waves." The
former are the individually-titled sections, written in a variety of
styles at times referencing other writers/theorists. The sections are
heavily interrelated; on occasion "characters" appear, _actants_ possess-
ing philosophical or psychological import. They also create and problema-
tize narrative substructures within the work as a whole. (Such are Clara
Hielo Internet, Tiffany, Alan, Travis, Honey, Jennifer, and others. Jen- 
nifer, in particular, has been the subject/object of recent work, a blur- 
ring of epistemological/ontological distinction. Jennifer is me, not an
alter-ego. When I close my eyes, I dream: Jennifer.

The long-waves are fuzzy topoi on such issues as death, love, virtual em-
bodiment, the "granularity of the real," and physical reality, which
criss-cross the texts. The resulting fragmentations and coagulations owe
something to Romanticism, deconstruction, linguistics, prehistory, the
philosophy of science, etc., but more to the functions of sites or nodes
on the Net itself. 

There is no binarism in the work, no series of protocol statements. Vir-
tuality itself is considered far beyond the ASCII text / Webscape that is
most prevalent now, at the end of the twentieth century. The various is-
sues of embodiment that will arrive with full-real or true-real VR are
already in existence as embryonic, permitting the theorizing of various
present and future spatialities and their interconnectedness. 

Please check the INDEX to find your way into the body of the work on-line. 
A resume is also available.

Thank you.

Usage: The texts may be distributed in any medium - indeed, I urge you to
do so - provided I am credited with authorship. I would appreciate in re-
turn any comments you may have.

Alan Sondheim,   432 Dean St., Brooklyn, NY, 11217   718-857-3671

mail to: sondheim@panix.com, sondheim@netcom.com


