


The Place of the Ideal in Contemporary Mathematical Ontology, as Revealed
in the Application of Ordinary Language to Life-World Calculations


[Today I received a box of files: some of my earlier work. It was a gift. 
"The Place of the Ideal" was in it and contains issues I'm still dealing
with - issues relevant to CMC as well.]


_1_

2 + 2 = 4

That's it, that's the truth. It's the same everywhere. It came about, did
it all at once. Were you there? I wasn't either. It seemed to be found. 

2 + 2 = 5

Hey, wait a minute. Somebody did something, did you? That's got to be the
case. Say it isn't so. Maybe it took a while, it did, it had to take a
while. Another one was added, somebody did the adding. Where did she find
it? Or somebody did the adding wrong. How did he do it? How am I to know? 
The thing is as the thing is, as a mistake, it can't be a mistake, it's
there, it's there to be read. 

1

No telling about this one. It's got to be kidding.

2 + 2

Finish it!

2 + 2 = 4

Still don't know, it leaves me uncertain. Did you do it? Has it happened
by itself? Why is it here, clarifying the narrative? (I suspect it has
been _found_). 

2 + 2 = 3

Another one. Now the thing becomes clearer; _your_ mathematics is incor-
rect. Or is it? Certainly, there is enough to make up for more than there
is in the combination. One could have disappeared, one could have taken it
anywhere. All that bit about energy. How could it have been done without
something coming in, a kind of intervention.

2 + 2 = 3

It's here, the same one, to annoy me. Obviously, it raises questions. Ob-
viously, it raises questions about its doing. Could there have been ano-
ther way, a way that would have allowed me to sleep, to keep waiting? 
Could there have been a way which would have allowed this to stand unwrit-
ten? 

2 + 2 = 5, 6, 7

This is getting out of hand, beyond the placement of finger against fin-
ger.  You know it. Did an inversion occur? Could one say absolutely any-
thing at the moment? Could one say absolutely anything and _make it
stick_? 


_2_

Now, here's another story. It's got to be filled in. There are some units
here, I've placed them on the floor, right in front of you. Some of them
are connected to various things, you don't mind, you think they're the
same. Well, they are, everything fits. And you can do with them what you
want. Something might be taken, might be filled in, there might be a
growth. After all, I might have missed something, I can't count every-
thing. But I can count on you, that's all there is to it; let me know when
you're through. Or keep the numbers to yourself, at times the activity
around here is tiring. Tiring enough, that is, not to get involved.


