


If, by Rudyard Kipling


What if I wrote you, I wrote you, and I said
I'm a thirteen-year-old girl, and I want sex,
Oh I want sex so bad, and I want it just with you,
Because I've never had sex and want to try it out,
And I know you're the one for me, 
And I know you're the one for me?

Well, now this isn't a poem or a document,
This is just a way of placing guilt and culpability,
For should you receive such a poem or a document,
Should you turn it into the proper authorities?
And what would make them proper in this case,
And what could give them the authorization?

Should you figure that you have been heavily lured
By some unrepentant teenagers out for a ride,
Or that you have been trapped by evil law-men
Riding hard to catch you with unrepentant teens?

Should you ignore the busy missive, getting on
With your life, as it is and has been, knowing
Something perhaps has forever shattered your peace,
For you're never sure who's there on the other end
For you and against you and what iron metal lurks
In its hand and for what intent, desire, 
And for what truth?

And you might forget in the midst of all this musing
That there are thirteen-year-old girls and others
Who might connect with one another, they've got kids,
I've seen them, here and there walking in Brooklyn
Or taking the air somewhere, anywhere else. Now, if
Something like this happened to me, why I'd, 
I'd have to report it to the proper institutions, 
Return mail to the sysadmin, root, gaoler, postmaster, 
Making sure they're all men, and men of power to act
So that this would never ever happen again, 
And whoever sent that piece of tainted mail would drown
Taking both of us down.

(And what I wonder would be the charge? Misrepresentation,
Malicious mischief, seduction of a major, obsequious proffering
Of potential underage whoredom and other obscene couplings? 
Are there laws against deliberate misrecognitions, the inverse
Of entrapment, throwing oneself to the winds, becoming unglued
In the vast universe of things? In any case, our Wordsworth 
Had better be careful for hir words' worth, accumulating in fact
All the antecedents' universal chaos, as everyone loves everyone
Or at least states such intent. There is no peace on earth 
When age must have its way, over age and under age; when age
Becomes judge, lure, and executioner. The world's overrun 
By lost and rusted men, and I'm thirteen and you are not, you'll
Be dead when I turn twenty-two.


