


Telecommunications in Rural or Non-Metropolitan Areas:


What sorts of uses can CMC be put to in rural areas? In terms of _consum-
ption,_ the answer is easy: family email lists; agricultural lists; local
business Web pages; regional tourist advertising; K12 education; and so
forth. I've been thinking about the various _productions_ that can be car-
ried out, however - ways in which CMC can be tied into local economic de-
velopment. This is partly the result of my association with Mike Gurstein
and the C\CEN (The Centre for Community and Enterprise Networking) here in
Sydney, Cape Breton, where many of these productions are in full force
already. It is also the result of work I have done in New York and else-
where, reports from other regions that have come through the Net, and the
panel dealing with Aboriginal access at the Cybermind96 conference.)


First, some obvious factors:

1. All CMC transmissions are in the form of digital packets; almost all
are files. Depending on the software and hardware, transmissions can
result in a variety of displays or instructions, etc.

2. Files are information, and not _things_ although they may be repre-
sented as things on a hard-drive, etc.

3. Ignoring the philosophical crudity here - the distinction is critical. 
Economic development with CMC can only be in the form of information and
transmission; nothing material (lumber, food, medicine) is moved from one
location to another. 

So we are considering an outline of various "infomatic formations" that
can be pursued in various non-metropolitan regions. These include:


1. DATABASES: 

Medical (including active health-care and preventive medicine information)
- these can include everything from patient-organized newsgroups to expert
systems, alternative medicine, government information, etc. 

Cultural (artists/artworks/literary/music/etc.) - these can also include
artist-organized on-line exhibitions, gallery pages, regional artists
consortia, etc.

Regional - a broad range of topics including economy, local businesses,
demographics, etc.

Environmental - these can be advocacy or non-advocacy.

Geographic - these can include surveyor's tabulations, geologic data and
maps, etc. - in short, geomatic information.

Almost any delineated domain can be placed within a database (historic
sites, for example); the base itself can include a variety of files.

Depending on the subject matter and complexity, database information can
be organized by a relatively medium-level skilled community.


2. EDUCATION: on-line information on various topics - extension of multi-
media approaches - either autonomous sites or sites which operate as up-
datable extensions of distributed CD-ROMs.

Some work towards educational CMC can be carried out by relatively un-
skilled participants with a project director.


3. WEB PAGE MAINTENANCE: updating webpages for various institutions, etc.
can be done with on-line research and email, anywhere.

This can be carried out on a relatively unskilled level, if the updating
involves data lookup and not redesign.


4. TELEBROKERING: already, investment brokers are moving into rural areas
in some states; financial consulting can be carried out anywhere, with
access to economic databases.

Telebrokering is highly skilled, but establishing an environment amenable
to telebrokers could conceivably bring new money into an area.


5. SECRETARIAL WORK: preparation of reports, business letters, etc., is
already common for telecommuters.

This requires a medium level of secretarial skill and retraining.


6. DIGITIZATION: translation of documents to digital format - this can be
carried out anywhere and requires relatively low-level skills.


7. SOFTWARE PROGRAMMING: like #4, this requires a great deal of skill, but
no specific location, and like #4, is a top-down community business deci-
sion.


8. AGRICULTURAL: establishing and maintaining agricultural databases, re-
quiring skills on a variety of levels.


10. LISTSERV, ETC. MODERATION: listserv, newsgroup, and other moderated
applications can be used as the basis for employment; a central listserv
site and employees (medium to high skill) could serve all the schools in a
region, for example, interconnecting them as well with other non-local
institutions.


11. DISTANCE AUTHORING / TRANSCRIBING: preparing technical manuals, arti-
cles, etc., as well as transcribing and organizing of conference and meet-
ing logs, out of house for various institutions.

This requires a medium to high level of skill.


12. DISTANCE EDUCATION: distance education sites can be established at any
number of local community colleges or even K12. 

This requires a high level of skill.


13. NATIVE PEOPLES SITES: these can included anything from dreamtime myth
to local agricultural/industrial databases, gathered in central locations,
and, at least in part, password-accessible only.


14. VARIOUS: there are numerous other opportunities, some of which are
being explored by C\CEN, which are "one-off" - in other words, proffering
services that are unique, and can't be duplicated in other situations. To
the extent that any service operates on a national level, it occupies a
particular information niche; other regional services can then be devel-
oped as satellites. For example, a national or international weather site
(gathering all weather resources across the Internet) would be unique;
regional sites could then develop, emphasizing local conditions and con-
cerns.


