

I am reading Jennifer in Nature's Imagination (edited by Jennifer), and I
am reading Jennifer's A User's Guide to Capitalism and Schizophrenia,
Deviations from Jennier and Jennifer, and I'm trying to forget my name,
said Jennifer, by way of introduction or title. Althogh I am not (titled),
she added.



I am reading Gerald M. Edelman in Nature's Imagination, The Frontiers of
Scientific Vision (edited by John Cornwell), and I am reading Brian
Massumi's A User's Guide to Capitalism and Schizophrenia, Deviations from
Deleuze and Guattari, and I am trying to reconcile one vocabulary with
another, the specificity of the former with the extended metaphoricity of
the latter, relying on a certain retentivity of language. For the former
develops into Darwin III and Darwin IV robotics, while the latter tends
towards discipleship and the moment of a differentiating language, itself
territorializing precisely in the moment of deconstruction. 

All of this is the line beside the point, covering the plane; what sur-
plus is there beyond Edelman, for example, that concurs with Deleuze and
Guattari or any vision beyond that which is produced by a science of flows
following Irigaray's adhesions to the limit? Because the question can be
the site of modification, and language can tether in any number of con-
ceivable directions; it's this looseness which sweeps it all away -
closing my eyes, in fact, watching the arts scale themselves down any
convenient flow or trajectory.

The point is lost in resulting turmoil; what's loose leads to nothing sus-
tainable, entertainment, self-growth down wrong pathways of the uncon-
scious; every/one/thing is incorrect. What is necessary, what sort of
theorization can be built through the translation of science? None, to
my imagination, and here is the crux of what could then be called, along
with sustainable economies, sustainable art, as if such were possible.

The point is also that Deleuze/Guattari/Massumi assume an interpetive
language or vision, transcendent metaphoricity that might be better off
bare-boned, but where does one stop with ideological construct and
disseminates with the deconstruction of truth?

I'd look for discursive phenomena, substitutions, linguistic disruption,
said Jennifer, with the realization that nothing has been accomplished at
all.

And I'd be wary of the proper name, outside of my own, ownership, these
figures of DGEM for example.

Or that it were inconclusive, because vision and ideology penetrate.

Further, said Jennifer, there's foreshortening.

Which leaves us hanging, she said.

<Jennifer>:


