


(Mike Gurstein asked me to reiterate some of the comments I've been making
about Web Pages - for the work I'm doing here. They follow below - again,
please comment - Alan)


Some notes on Web Pages --


1 All web pages should be lynx-accessible in their entirety; .gif and .jpg
images should be downloadable if they're content-relevant.

2 All web pages should be accessible by Netscape 1.0, 1.1, etc. - not only
3.0+ etc.

3 Frames and tables should be kept to a minimum, or there should be alt
tags for avoiding them. If they're absolutely necessary, it would be
helpful to have a .gif or .jpg version that can be downloaded.

4 The largest binary image files should be around 30k; most should be on
the order of 6-7k.

5 It's easier to use non-image bullets.

6 Animations aren't necessary; again, you can have all the bells and
whistles you want on a home page, but you need to have leaner clickable
versions.

7 It might be advisable to have several versions of a pages, so that, even
with graphics, slower machines could access them with thumbnail graphics.

8 Bitmapping should be used at a minimum, only when necessary (i.e. map of
Canada - click for weather - but also, here's a list of provinces/cities).

9 Mailto's are almost always useful for feedback; they give the appearance
of interactivity, even if minimal.

10 Cookies should be used extremely sparingly - applets, etc. the same. 

11 It may be advisable to either avoid Java or have both 16- and 32-bit
versions of the home page, since Java only runs in the latter.

12 Titles and the first, say, 10 lines of the home page are critical, be-
cause of search engines and their strategies.

13 The number of .gifs and .jpgs should be kept to a reasonable minimum,
since the whole page should download within, say, 15 seconds on a 28.8
modem.

14 It's useful to have a number of different browsers available in the
studio when designing a web page - it's also useful to have them connected
by phonelines, not by lan, to realistically watch the download in prog-
ress.

15 Know your audience/demographics; I personally hate words like "cool"
and "radical/rad" since they're overused and subvert their original edgy
meaning, but they would function well in some contexts.

16 If you _are_ going to use cookies and/or ask for client-side informa-
tion, advise your readers.

17 Try for realistic counts of web page hits; counters tend to inflate
rapidly, responding to spiders, bots, and repeated hits at a single
session.

18 Make sure your page is listed with major search engines; if it is for
public service, you might also send the URL to the Net-Happenings list.

19 Keep advertising and listing of browser buttons etc. to a minimum (you
don't need to say "click here to download Netscape 3.0 etc.).

20 Be wary of marginal tags for .html that might not be readable by other
applications.

21 Have your page organized somewhat in outline form, so that the main
points can be quickly grasped.

22 Rather use links then lengthy scrolling, if at all possible. The
exception might be for searchable documents.

All of these point to a reasonably lean web page which can also expand
(or, conversely, a fat web page that can collapse), depending on the
browser, user's computer, etc. It also makes for good Netiquette, if that
still exists; you don't receive more than you need...


