


1/2jen1/2, diary, internet consultancy, sydney, cape breton, nova scotia


halfway through the consultancy. my mind goes up and down like a wheel on
a prairie wagon. my mind goes round and round like a tire on a 767 landing
at kennedy airport with a screech and a groan. my mind goes in and out
like a drive train on an old 4-6-4 locomotive riding down the rails to
little rock. my mind goes left and right like a whitewall brushing the
curve at seventy-five miles an hour singing about the wolfman of del rio
in the terry allen song.

my head spins like a top running on the gyroscopic circuit in an early
satellite and my head turns like a needle breaking rotational speed at a
million turns a second. my heart gapes like the caverns of yore, caves
of bygone days. i've never eaten food like the pipes of the cactus or the
organs of brother andre of montreal. my carapace is thinner than the sea
ice forming outside kristin's and jason's mutual window and my wings are
more gossamer than the marmoreal slabs hidden beneath sydney's tenuous
snow.

i do more good than saint theresa on an off day with mother theresa and a
woman who worked for our family when i was a small ambivalent child and i
do less good than the maverick guide who beat up my friend outside the
crackling nazareth restaurant. i think less than the book of psalms, more
than the avesta. my denouement is my comeuppance and my sex is lost oper-
atic. halfway through my consultancy i look for what i have found, drop
what i haven't picked up, leave before i arrive, arrive after i leave;
breathe beneath the sea, swim in the middle of air, run on my hands, jump
on the water, drown in the clouds. my head faces my back, my back is in my
front, you speak before my back, my front's against the wall. i'm the
pavement on the streets of sydney mines, asphalt of glace bay cliffside,
progonish, antigonish, cheticamp and half a camp, and wherever i've been
i haven't seen, and whatever i've seen i've never been.

you've walked a mile in my shoes because i am a man of no mean feat and
not a leg to stand on, not an arm to lean on, not a hand to shake on, not
a neck to head on, not a shoulder to cry on, not a lap to sit on.

but i'm halfway through the consultancy and i haven't a waist to lean on.


