


Carl


I was born in 1782, and at the age of 15, set sail on the high seas. My
father desired that I would learn a craft, and sailor was the life for me,
although to be honest, I were better fit to be a poet. Nonetheless, I
acquiesced, and we set sail on the HMS Paragon in the winter of '97, and a
poor winter it was at that. 

I was lonely, and spent many an hour walking the deck, even during the
stormy weather we encountered off the coast of Africa. Melancholy, I could
not engage in even the simplest conversation with the other sailors, al-
though the captain himself had taken a liking to me. 

One day, the sky was particularly grey, sodden with those clouds that
presage a dreary and continuing storm. We were off the Canaries near dusk,
and I went below to return to my bunk for a bit, napping; my watch was
through the longest hours of the forthcoming night.

As I went by the bulwark starboard-side, I passed the bunk of a fellow
sailor I had not hitherto addressed, one Carl by name. I heard a doleful
sound, and stopped just outside the curtained opening, remaining there for
many a moment.

Carl was singing a long slow sea shanty, a long dirge full of the sorrow
of the waves and the pain of moonlight and lost lands. There was no accom-
paniment, and indeed, no need of one. Carl's voice was beautiful, unearth-
ly, and I never head such song before.

I went in quietly and sat down, listening through an interval in which
time spent itself, flowing through the cracks in the softwood floor, los-
ing itself in the timber of the hull itself. He sang, and the world
changed for me; there were shadows in the shadows, and small mouths in the
midst of the creaking of the mighty beams holding mast and deck in place.

Other sailors, I began to notice, also listened to Carl, one by one, or in
groups of two or three or many. As we sailed onward, the ship became in-
fused with his voice and his song, and it became a ship of magic and
wraiths, a haunted thing of beauty and many other worlds, full of sad
music from the very beginning of earth and sky.

From that day forward, we sailed within these worlds, and our lonesome sea
and storm was filled with the dark spirit of other voyages, other voyagers
accompanying our small and silent crew.

Even now, the earth is different, although I have not been abroad for many
a year, and my days as sailor are long past. My wife Mary and I share this
secret, the secret of Carl's songs, on that voyage long ago. Our lives are
the richer, by far, for it, and we can only wonder at those who have never
heard such dark and magic sound.


