


Solution to CMC Postmodernism:

Jennifer said, listen, here is the solution. Within CMC, computer-medi-
ated-communication, there are no arrows and objects; everything is both. 
All is process and mobile because all is construct; tcp/ip; is construct,
the avatar or recipient is construct - it all exists within a closed uni-
verse. What is alive or mobile, is permanently external (ontologically and
epistemologically); whole worlds are irreducible. 

So that everything is object-oriented but nothing is an object. So that
everything comes apart, part-object, part and parcel, but nothing is
entity. So that entity is always already the result of definition or the
proper name or address/recognition/protocol, as I've said from the begin-
ning (net1.txt). 

Manifolds in flux. Streams and strata. Postmodernity.

In which:

Existence is construct;
Microelectronics are the order of the day;
Embodiment is always hysteric, prosthetic;
Time is fractal within broad circadian rhythms;
The only master narrative is that of tcp/ip itself, and that, like
particle physics phenomenology, is by and large behind the scenes;
Master narratives are in fact replaced by packets and datastreams;
Work is flexiwork and telecommuting;
Sites are ephemeral and porous;
Sites and knowledge databases are growing exponentially;
Knowledge is equivalent to search engines and knowledge-management;
What is, is digital;
Information is flux;
Sexuality occurs within the ascii unconscious;
Bricolage and local territorializations/TAZs increase;
The nation-state is weakened;
Property (intellectual property) is problematized;
Seamless virtual realities are on the horizon;
There is no difference between ikon, index, and symbol;
Semiotic emissions occur with increasing frequency (sourceless,
undirected);
Split, netsplit;
Institutionalized transgressions;
And me!, said Jennifer.

Now what? she asked. Don't these implicate all sorts of bridges, routers,
servers, LAN/ds? One sex or nation sucks another; everything gropes across
territories, no one pays attention.

CMC is _out there_ she said, no matter what you call it; it might as well
be postmodern.


