


The Great Escape and the Ground


Jennifer escapes into narrative. When she cannot think the way she wants
to think, when things are so complicated, she tells a story. She will sit
down on the ground, spread her frock, her panties against the rug or
hardwood floor. She feels grounded because she knows the ground goes all
the way to the center. If there is ground, real ground, she has been told,
there will be a center beneath it, and there is nothing between the two,
not a pipe, not a tunnel, not a wire. 

When she feels ground, when she feels grounded, she feels she doesn't have
to tell a story because there is no story, just the thing, the inert thing
that sends current up her spine, from her panties to her brain, and she
can rest. Jennifer feels when she is not resting that rest is all there
should be, that her destination is rest and sweet sleep, repose, nap. 

When Jennifer tells stories, she has her reasons. Her reasons surround the
stories, but they are not infectious, agents of dis/ease. The stories are
a return to ease, Jennifer's ease, between sleeping and napping, between
sleeping and sleeping, between napping and napping. There are so many
things to know, and what is knowledge. There are so many things to think
about, and what is thought. 

When she is not grounded, the stories she weaves are always about the
ground. They begin and end with a nap and many things happen in them that
are exciting, as knowledge takes a detour or long path around the bedroom
and the cemetery. She takes delight in her stories, because in them, there
are always other places where things happen, and other people. She de-
lights in the third person because she does not have to know the people,
who act until she is tired, or no longer thinking, or has figured things
out for the moment.

This is Jennifer's life, said Jennifer, and it is an excuse. When I am
sitting with my frock around me, I need not excuse and have no stories to
tell. But when I am confused, I tell stories, and walk around, and enter
into a world that is much higher than when I am sitting, and I can see
great distances across the surfaces of things. And if I detour and detour,
I will forget why I am telling this story, and this story will be wonder-
ful and I will think, it has a life of its own, Jennifer said, although if
I were to think, while sitting, I would know it's not true, Jennifer said.


