


Delivered, Negotiated, Open


I want to consider a distinction between _delivered_ and _negotiated_
content on the Internet - not only in regard to email lists, etc., but
also conferences and on-line education.

Delivered content is top-down; the Red Rock Eater (RRE) email list is a
good example - only the moderator posts. The presentation of a conference
paper is another example.

Negotiated content refers to lateral processes - a chat on a particular
topic, or the Fop-l email list. Issues of governance arise with negotia-
tion that are taken for granted with delivery - for example, dealing with
spam or destructive behavior. Delivery is monolithic; negotiation is het-
erological.

These terms of course form a grid in relation to the asynchronous/synch-
ronous division. An ftp site is asynchronous and usually delivery; there
are publicly negotiated sites, however, which take the _put_ command. Most
chatspaces are negotiated, but a chatspace can be used for conference de-
livery as well.

Finally, there is a third term, _open_ content, which refers to completely
unmoderated participation, without "rites of passage" (such as occur by
signing up to an email list) - newsgroups and IRC in general are good ex-
amples.

What is the point of this taxonomy? It might provide a tool for thinking
through the uses of various Net spaces vis-a-vis participant and/or audi-
ence. Here in Nova Scotia, I am working on the phenomenology of electronic
conferencing - what works, what doesn't work, and why. The same phenomeno-
logy operates in relation to communication in general; in the Hebrew Uni-
versity classroom of 1962, content was delivered - in the smaller, infor-
mal meetings, it was negotiated, and outside both (in the plaza area of
the campus) it was open. All three domains interacted with one another,
from the student's viewpoint, although delivery has a tendency in such si-
tuations to ossify because: 1. It's easier for a professor to repeat the
same materials year after year; and 2. The very distinctions between lec-
ture and discussion served to firewall student-professor dialogic.

Please comment - thanks.


