


Cyberwarfare


"Preceding the main fleet would be an advance guard of guerilla bombers.
Some will come moving in on a low level track, like unholy wraiths which
are seen and gone in the same instant. Others will come hurtling in at
great altitude. These would be small and fast and capable of moving with
such speed that defending fighters with the most rapid rate of climb,
would find the damage done and the quarry gone before they could get at
him. Such craft would be built of plywood, or some light, tough alloy,
with the rear turret and armor sacrificed for speed. Only the bulkhead
and a 30-degree cone covering the front and rear axis aft would carry
protective plate. These craft would be regarded as expendable ammunition
if necessary, and would spread out in widely separated areas in a gigantic
feinting operations, scattering incendiaries broadcast and lighting great
fires to serve as a guide for the big bombers which followed. Everything
which could burn would be subject to military arson, including the ex-
tensive German forests, forcing a condition of indescribable confusion and
anxiety on the beleaguered enemy.

"At the core of each formation would be the fast, heavy, possibly unarmed
bomb carriers delivering lethal loads of fifty tones or more. In strange
contrast with the familiar multi-gunned juggernauts full of gadgets and
with big crews to work them, this type would be simply a shell built
around the biggest projectiles attainable and made as fast as possible,
without an ounce of instrumentation not directly required by its mission."
... 

(From The Coming Battle of Germany, William B. Ziff, 1942.)

Noise goes everywhere; parasitic planes crashland doom-bound; the enemy is
the enemy. What's going on with the guys up there? Cellophane airliners
hurtle violently to the ground; everything is violation fabric; everyone
is screaming all the time.

Right now I close my eyes and everyone is screaming inside my head. All
these cybersuicidal voices. I can't keep up.

I can't keep up and I get list after list of cybernauts, destined for the
trash-heap. My name isn't anywhere to be found. I cyberscribble it in the
best I can. I return the lists surreptitiously. Now I will be sure to die.


