


Notes on Electronic Conferencing


General:


I am going to talk about low-bandwidth applications for the most part. 
Low-bandwidth gives the greatest possible demographics. If mid-range
applications such as RealAudio are used, they should be duplicated by
other client technology that does not require, say, a sound card, 32-bit
computer operations, high-speed machines, and so forth. 

In fact, duplication, multiple-channel processing for conferencing, has a
variety of uses. With CuSeeMe, certain reflector sites may be more acces-
sible than others. With IRC, it's possible that netsplit is occurring
with one server, and not another. 

Beyond this, there is the issue of _delivered_ versus _negotiated_ con-
tent. The former refers to the reproduction (by text, voice, etc.) of
content coming from the conference speakers or organizing body - in other
words, server-generated content; the latter refers to participant or
client-generated content. Ordinarily, the two operate in conjunction (for
example in a chatroom); in a conference environment, however, issues of
governance, authority, and control surface. In addition, _all_ on-line
conference materials are filtered through "rites of passage" - signing up,
logging on, entering login names and/or passwords, and so forth. (These
categories are augmented by a third, _open_ content, which usually plays
no role in a conference environment. Open content is completely free - the
situation on newsgroups or open IRC channels (without banning). As Jerry
Everard has pointed out, all email is delivered content, since the frame-
work of the post is secured by the sender; it's also open, since the con-
tent is completely user-determined as well.)

Rites of passage have a positive use; they create an active sense of in-
vestment on the part of the participant, helping keep noise and spam down
to a minimum. (This is clear if one compares newsgroups to email lists,
and, say, Worldschat to ThePalace; the difference in online behavior and
"substance" can be striking. The same is true between guest and non-guest
logins on MOOs; at times, a MOO participant will deliberately login as
guest in order to spam. It may be true that the flatter the playing field,
the greater the noise - but at the same time, of course, _possibly_ the
greater the freedom of the participants. It's necessary and difficult to
maintain a creative balance here.) 

If we take a measure of bandwidth for various applications, we find that
the least is that of email and email lists - any number of mail readers
are available. The least _synchronous_ application is probably talker,
which can run without a client program, as raw text through telnet. On a
slightly more advanced level, IRC, MOO, etc. come into play - as do FTP,
etc. with asynchronous. Pine and other similar mail readers seem to
require greater bandwidth - but even an IBM XT can handle them well. 

There is the question of client-side technology, MIRC for IRC in Windows
or Phoenix in the shell; tf for MOOs, MUDs, and talkers in the shell;
and so forth. These can take up bandwidth but simplify interactivity;
the three major advantages are the presence of macros of all sorts, the
ability to multi-task/multi-channel, and the separation of user input
from the application window itself.

IRC spikes the feeling of distance, over talkers; there is little or no
sense of physical, architectural, space across the channels. For me,
channels appear as so many interactive discursive formations, and the use
of <name>: preceding statements formalizes the _slotted_ phenomenology of
the whole. On talkers, as on IRC, input is direct (i.e. without the use of
"say" or " " " preceding the statement), but the rendering is different,
more on the order of fictional conversation: "Alan exclaims, "Wow!"" 
Talkers, MOOs, and MUDs all have well-developed senses of place; in talk-
ers, space is a _given,_ immobile, and there to be navigated. On MUDs,
space is similar, but combined with magic apparatus, and a sense of
(wounded, tired, thirsty, healthy, satiated, drunk, etc.) body not found
elsewhere. Finally, on MOOs, space is transformable, and body is control-
led (in terms of appearance and inventory) totally by the participant;
it's assumed healthy. 

Given all these modalities, the _talker_ most closely approaches the feel-
ing of the _conference room._ Speech is natural; spatial navigation is
relatively simple; it's easy to receive a map of the total environment.
Talkers also assume a model of _spoken communication_ - and, unlike MUDs,
for example, there is no economy attached. The body is assumed healthy. 

These attributions are also true for conferences; once inside, a model
(almost never true) of Enlightenment equivalence is presupposed, and
speech becomes the literal order of the day. 

In terms of virtual conference setup, both IRC and talkers are useful. 
IRC is common everywhere, but users in Windows might have to download and
configure MIRC or equivalent, for example. Talkers require only the
ability to telnet. Both can handle multiple-user situations. Talkers have
built-in email and bulletin boards, and there's no need of (or use for)
bots. For the server, talker software is remarkably small and easy to set
up; each room, etc. is an individual file, which makes configuring simple. 

On the other hand, the channelmaster in IRC possesses a great degree of
power and the ability to immediately reconfigure the channel - for exam-
ple through individual or site bans; speak or non-speak flags; public or
secret; and so forth.

The IRC channels for the Nova Scotia conference somewhat attempted to imi-
tate talker morphology, with the presence of "workshop" spaces, as well as
a "hallway" and "lobby." All of these were individual channels. There was
no overall architectural configuration; because of my previous real-life
participation with the WINS group, etc., I was able to project the outline
of a virtual space into the meetings. This is, however, not a typical sit-
uation.

The IRC channels also of course involved a rite of passage - the signin 
to the conference proper. Almost all of these applications have a way of
filtering out intruders; on a public IRC server, this can be difficult -
particularly if people are intent on breaking in or causing trouble. 

On an _asynchronous_ level there are several applications that are of use. 
The simplest is the email list itself, which can be used for presenting
papers as well as discussion; these lists are also archived, so the paper
can be readily accessed. It's also possible to set up a simple website
that is also lynx-accessible, for ftp-ing materials; the ftp directory can
also be directly accessible. 

Newsgroups are another possibility; these permit threading and commentary,
but would require software and news capabilities for each participant. 
I find that the learning curve for newsgroups is somewhat steep - as it
was for the old Caucus system. 


Conference demographics and types:


The above discussion is in terms of an open-demographics conference, with
no necessary institutional framework - in other words, the broadest pos-
sible approach. Institutionalized conferencing systems - say at a univer-
sity or corporation - can use specific software for the purpose; every-
thing is either in- or across- house, not designed for a general public.

The open-demographics on-line conference must assume a wide range of ac-
cess levels, from lynx through multi-media. In many countries, for exam-
ple, there may be no dependable phonelines and modem speeds of, say, 9600
baud maximum. A second assumption is that the user may not know how to
download particular software, even lean or low-bandwidth software, to her
or his computer. 

For these reasons, the best approach is to make use of _common applica-
tions_ that are already found on most shell accounts - augmented on PPP
and SLIP accounts to be sure. These include most of the above; talkers,
for example, can be accessed through raw telnet (even though MOO GUIs are
beautiful), and email lists ride on ordinary email protocols. IRC can be a
problem with extremely wide demo, because of netsplit; there are some
shell accounts that don't carry it, or carry only a clumsy version. It may
also be difficult for someone to lock into a local server thousands of
miles away.

Newsgroups are the most problematic here; while tin and other readers per-
mit extremely simple and tailored access, Netscape doesn't. I tend to stay
away from these.

For IRC and Windows formats, there is Globalchat which can be quite use-
ful. And if bandwidth or machinery isn't an issue, RealAudio broadcast is
excellent.


My experience: 


I have conferenced both on-line and off-line with on-line access, through
a number of applications. At a New School panel, we had set up both IRC
and MOO; the former wouldn't connect, and the latter - using the PMC2 MOO
- was extremely noisy, since non-participants kept interfering with the
proceedings. I suggest strongly that if MOOs are used, that they be crea-
ted or dedicated specifically to the conference situation. MOOs also have
somewhat of a learning curve, even for basic commands; they're the most
developed application around, but tend to filter out people who aren't
familiar with them.

At a New York City censorship conference, I participated through Global-
chat and RealAudio 3.0; because I was near the broadcast source, there was
little or no discernible lag and participation was full, immediate, and
easy. But many people don't have RA capabilities, and Globalchat needs a
download (it's a form of simple IRC).

For the Nova Scotia conference, I was on with IRC, finding myself trying
to listen to three channels simultaneously, since transcription was the
order of the day. I wanted a second chat channel to accompany each for-
mal presentation (within which the other participants were unable to speak
or comment), in order to fill out time and commentary. Beyond that, there
was a sense of inhabiting several spheres simultaneously - two of the
channels duplicated each other, in French and English, and the third was
from an entirely different workshop, in English.

For transcribed conferencing (i.e. text- not audio-based), the easiest
papers to absorb were those that presented themselves in outline form: "I
am going to make the following points" etc. More complexly-argued or
self-reflexive papers (such as some of the ones at the Cybermind96 con-
ference, which I attempted to transcribe) tended to be almost impossible.
It is always helpful to have an abstract available ahead of time - even
one that can be sent out on the transcription channel (before the session
begins); dccing on IRC is a useful possibility.

CuSeeMe is useful, even now, for conveying the "flavor" of the speakers,
but little more; it still runs extremely slow, with broken audio; is
dependent on proper transmit/receive settings; and needs very heavy band-
width requirements - minimum 28.8 modem for example. It added "color" to
the Cybermind96 conference, but little more.

A MOO or talker can be very useful, by the way, for developing a "confer-
ence counterpont" in virtual space; this happened with the Cybermind96
events. It does take some skill on the part of the participants as well as
the transcriber, to keep things in bound; without good-will, as I've said,
the system could easily break down. (I _have_ participated in decent on-
line conferences on the old PMC, but then some of the participants were
wizards, etc. who could @gag or kick merrymakers (!) off.)

My own predilection for simple on-line conferencing has involved three
components: email lists for in-depth discussion; IRC or talkers for live
discussion and (with the latter) limited internal email; and a gateway web
page (lean and readable in lynx as well of course) which gives the sched-
ule, papers, abstracts, and other conference information. Cybermind96 had
one for example, which is still up and running, and excellent.

Finally, I do believe that in the distant future, all of these local and
already installed applications will be unnecessary; all computers will
come with PPP or equivalent already installed, and everything will be,
like the radio, based on a GUI. But this is at least a decade away, if we
are really considering world-wide demographics. 


