


Cuts and Trebles (disappearance of the sign in community)

>Cutting up a strathspey, help me dear God here, the bow flies and doubles
>triples, the whole thing thrimbles, tumbles along. Tremble the rhythms,
>thrum faster until hearts ache, beats break. Sooner the tune shimmers,
>lost is the sign that signals. 

Sound is not language, reducible however to fourier series, chaotic do-
mains and noise. But not language; here I'm talking about signals, sig-
nifiers, articulation and framework recuperating gracenotes and ornament -
yes or no, as both create supplement, residue. Aesthetics is not respon-
sive necessarily to language; the two are at odds. 

>Submerge thimble and triple, limber tones
>and listen, tossed is the line that ravels. Sound is the sender of trills
>or trifles, cutting the wobble of timbrelling times. Lost is the sign in
>the body of cutting, strathspey the meld of the bodily tossed, rhyme the
>last moment of cluttering thought. 

So that language and structure submerge, a process of integration, smooth-
ing on one hand, ornament as differentiation on the other. The sign or
signifier is lost, is/was present, an effaced present as bowed extensions
literally push at the boundaries of the thing. The image vibrates until
image is lost; inscription becomes fuzzy, fissures.

>So the sign's gone the line, so the
>earth's given birth, so the air's played down there, so the winter sin-
>ters. I talk to you, the words are birds, thrimble and tremble, the lines
>of the body gone in the air there, winter sintered, summer hummered, fall
>down, spring forth to the earth given birth. 

Rhyme sends word into sound, language into substance; rhyme cycles the
line, rearticulates like the seasons. Earth/birth is that of chora/chthon-
ic, drives which ooze, distribute, diffuse. The strathspey rings and lilts
but fiddle cuts across and ornament cuts fiddle.

>Sputtering the strathspey,
>struttering the hornpipe, double-up bow and slur, double-up bow and slur.
>Crushed-bowstroke signifier of Ashley and Scotty, slithering, slathering,
>signified spread, gone to the head, ghost of the signified, gone to the
>ground.

Cutting is both a specific technique and a cutting session (jazz), out-
playing, as Ashley adds layer after layer of triplets and crushed-bow-
strokes; you can hear the humming of the strings. The signified becomes
uncanny, ghost, shimmering; the ground is where it falls, the rupture of
music and language, copulation of music and integer. 

What is grounded is the excess constructed by ornament or broken ornament
and again the bow-attack on language is evident in the form which dissem-
inates; articulation is always afterwards, afterwords, afterthought.


