

iiiii P of I


Let us begin with forty objects, and consider the permutations of these,
taken twenty at a time. Each object is distinct, inscribed, identifiable.
Let each permutation be an act of inscription, and let us consider the age
of the universe to be approximately fifteen-billion years. Then in order
to complete the totality of the acts of inscription within the currently
allotted time, a computer must be able to run at approximately 709 giga-
hertz, carrying out one inscription per cycle. We can surely forget about
the permanent record of these permutations, but we can use a temporary
display, running at 709 gigahertz as well, presenting them one after ano-
ther. At this speed, one can only assume that _pure light_ will emerge
from the specially-constructed lcds. 

The second example, which I have already mentioned, is simply sixty-four
tosses of a coin, resulting in a relatively unique signature, that could
only be generated over fifteen-billion years by approximately twenty
throws per second; this gives a slightly more than half probability of the
sequence appearing in the allotted time.

Likewise the span of a human being is somewhere in the middle of the uni-
versal scale, taken logarithmically. Thus we may look down to our toes as
well as up to the most distant galaxies, taking in subatomic particles and
strings, as well as the span of visible and invisible inflationary cosmos.

All of these processes of inscription span the breadth of an ASCII page,
layered through TCP/IP and the occasional ATM, and impressing the already
swollen heads of carbon-based life with their mastery of the known and un-
known.
...

John Leslie, in The End of the World, The Science and Ethics of Human Ex-
tinction, writes about nuclear war, disease, ozone layers, despair, poll-
ution, asteroids, physics experiments gone awry, and so forth, as possib-
le causes of human extinction. I recognize the futility of writing these
mathematical or probabilistic sequences, inscribing them in the face of
utter noise, beyond anything chaos has to offer; nevertheless, it might be
worthwhile to at least begin the effort, as with the legend of the Tibetan
names of God. In this case, however, the result is not the end of the
universe, but simply an epitaph for the planet. As far as I'm concerned,
one will do as well as the other.


