


Dark Aura


If I speak the wrong thing, if I write the wrong thing; if I look the
wrong way, if I walk the wrong way: The dark aura haunts me, surrounds
and perturbs, subverts every simple thought, stretching the limit into
torn cloth. Life is hideous negation; at every turn I might say, I hate
you, you're dead, you're ugly, I'm ugly, fuck you, fuck me, you've always
lied to me, you're not a friend, I never had any friends, you've always
used other people, look at me naked, take your clothes off, slit my
wrists, spread me open, kill yourself, kill me. Just behind that, dear
Alan, writes Jennifer, there is horror. (Just behind that, and that, and
that, the source of neurosis, protection of psychosis, sewage of semiosis,
and just beyond that and that.)

I'm afraid I'll take pills, walk into traffic, suffocate in my sleep, slit
my wrists, cut my throat, stuff my fist in my mouth; I don't do these
things, I walk to class and talk Internet. I want to say, I might say,
fuck you all, take me, rob me, embalm me, staple my nipples to the wall,
I'm ignorant, I'm lying to you, I'm not real, get out of here, leave
before the walls light up. 

My life's governed by the violence of the aura, by the abyss behind eti-
quette, propriety, the clean and proper body. Talking to you I want to see
your breasts, suck your cunt, suck your asshole; walking with you, I want
my hand up your holes, your hand up mine. I say nothing, lie to you, I'm
freezing here, let's go for coffee, have you read Blanchot, you're not a
real friend, you've always lied to me, I have no real friends.

It always teeters, the dark aura, just behind my eyes, just within my
words, the slightest moisture on the back of the hand, the trembling be-
tween my legs, migraines pouring pain, dragging torn cloth, violation
fabric, down into immolations, severed limbs.

I try to be polite, do the right thing, come up spanky clean, sweep with a
new broom, cut my losses, present myself, forget if you only knew, take me
now, my holes are dirty, you've always hated me, I've always hated you,
bend me over your knees, lick the floor for me, revenge is never enough, I
want to see you dead, you want to see me


