
 

Fractured Mirrors


"The negation of the several matters, which is insisted on in the thing no
less than their independent existence, occurs in Physics as _porosity._
[...] Pores are not empirical facts; they are figments of the understand-
ing, which uses them to represent the element of negation in independent
matters." (Hegel, Logic, trans. Wallace.)


I am reading Jocelyne Doray and Julian Samuel, The Raft of the Medusa, and
Aruna Handa and John Kipphoff, Into the European Mirror, A Work by Julian
Samuel. The central video image of the latter contains the words "surgery"
"frontiers" "expulsions". While the mirror fractures and bounces, opens
imaginary spaces, surgery operates on interiors, organs passing through
frontiers; products/productions are erected as representations of Other.
Other is assimilated, expelled with debris-signifiers, exhausted and abj-
ected signs. They love our technology which we send them, video and Inter-
net. Everything confuses, but violence dominates as planetary intensifica-
tions, overcrowdings, confusions. Read Euclid and it's all there, the ab-
straction of the world always already parceled and axiomatized. The story
is back _there,_ the story so far.

Enter Samuel's works which have no easy answers, range and gun for all
sides, verbal violence, hardly cathartic, against theory and colony and
domination. I never get the sense of an _opening_ elsewhere, but only the
inordinate complexity of the world, peoples, problematic of the nation-
state. And it's here that Samuel is incredibly valuable; the "but only"
subsumes the radical problematic of truth, information, representation, in
the face of an overburdened planet. I love him for it, this _churning_ of
discourses and destinies.

Listen, JK asks (Mirror, Kipphoff), meanders: "Has it become impossible,
at the supposed end of history, or in the supposed absence of any ideology
which could pose a viable challenge to liberal capitalism, to create coun-
ter-histories? You seem to say that you have to be content with raising
methodological questions about the construction of histories and encourag-
ing a generalized form of sceptical thinking."

JS replies: "There is no end to history. That's just the postmodern/cul-
tural studies 'theoreticians' and other self-promoting psychos say to get
attention. Everyone knows they are as stupid as the universe is large,
even with their nickel and dime doctorates."

Continues: "A very learned friend, Michael Neumann, has suggested to me
that Asian nations are just as autocentric about their historiography as
anybody else. Massive cultures impose their values on weaker ones. Has
Japan made much intellectual room to get itself raked over the coals? Ask
others in the region. I'm not dead certain that the West has the perfect
monopoly on autocentrism."

Now, I'm one of those "theoreticians" JS rails against; I'm hardly a self-
promoting psycho and I'm not stupid. JS creates the same sort of imperial-
ist violence he rails against; it's everywhere, stuffing space. It can be
sensed or senseless; I don't know any pomo/cs theoreticians talking about
the "end of history" - if anything this seems to be post-Bell anideologi-
cal talk, or maybe Baudrillard who's rather conservative. So the attack is
wide of the mark, but as I've said filling; this then goes into statement
about "massivity" that's closer (re: Chomsky's statement about dialects),
and from there to autocentrism. It's all over. If I didn't know better, or
maybe because I do, I see the discomfort of reading JS connected with that
of Lacan - to read the latter is to _participate_ in the very therapeutic
he constructs. Reading JS, one is forced into positions of violence, opp-
ression (I feel oppressed reading him), imperialism; the reading is not a
reading _of_ the political, but a _political reading,_ reading forced into
the discomforting phenomenology and employment of power.

Who is the _we_ sending which _technology_ to which _them_ are questions
that disseminate indefinitely while transnationals, tns, take over the
business of mining the planet. It's here that postmodernism is useful,
looking at radiations, information orders, disseminations, part-objects,
geographies, demarcating what dissolves: ownerships which are no longer
traceable, capital which disappears, wars-without-corpses but mourning of
hundreds of thousands dead. The diffusion is there in Samuel as well, and
for this reason I'd all his attack on postmodernism a kind of suicide; his
fragmentations/deconstructions of narrative play into central themes of
pomo research. The full title of Raft is The Raft of the Medusa, Five
Voices on Colonies, Nations, and Histories - giving fifteen subjects/ob-
jects, and as Charles Acland says in his essay, "The interviews in _The
Raft_ display a serious engagement with the problems of writing from a
mobile site." I'd argue that _all_ sites are mobile, that homelands are as
much cyberspatial or tn as _real earth,_ and this mobility is precisely
the problem; what is returned to is often scorched earth, desert, or a
bombing run - not to mention local dictatorial rule.

Acland goes on to state - and note again the churning: "Cultural and post-
colonial critique is complicated, and somewhat enabled, by the fact of
writing from a home away from home: Maalouf, from Lebanon, now in Paris,
commenting upon Iran; M. Nourbese Philip, from the Caribbean, now in Tor-
onto, reconfiguring the travels of Dr. Livingstone; Thierry Hentsch, from
Switzerland, now in Montreal, writing of the construction of _L'Orient
imaginaire_; Sara Suleri, from Pakistan, now in New Haven, Connecticut,
providing critical analyses of British India; and Ackbar Abbas, discerning
imperial tensions in architecture in Hong Kong, a colonial space where, as
he comments, 'there has never been "a before".'" These "critiques of en-
twining colonial discourses" are of course entwined, as is Samuel's think-
ing from Montreal's heart of empire; everyone is implicated, including the
authority/authorship of the word of Black Rose Books. While Samuel tends
to identify with Marx, I find his critique less monolithic, more dealing
with representation and superstructure - a viewpoint I can only agree
with, for images kill as well.

Back to JK, for I do not know what a "counter-history" is. I know histor-
iography's concerns; local histories; the (Lyotard's) dismemberment of
grand narratives, but in order for there to be a _counter_ there must be a
site or position which is monadic, and this has always dissolved in the
leaky/porous West, itself in need of detotalization. I'd say that Samuel,
like a good postmodernist, refuses totality, fights guerilla tactics, in-
volves himself even in the Fanonian self-hatred of the colonized or dis-
placed (myself as well, perhaps becoming a universal indictment), and in
the process of this churning (again, a stirring, viscous fluid and
_stick_), exposes the bones breaking through the flesh, the wounds which
refuse to heal, the bodies of "Desert Storm" (a title right out of repre-
sentative sememes, entertainments).

Quoting from Rana Kabbani in Mirror: "The expulsions of 1492 set a pattern
- a Western pattern - that is set and that we have not varied from at all,
in Europe's relations with others, in its relations with colonies, and in
its relations with Muslims n particular."

"I do not see a difference after Bosnia, I do not see a difference between
being a Muslim in fifteenth-century Europe and being a Muslim in twenti-
eth-century Europe."

Samuels asks: "So it is ultimately very connectable?" and Kabbani replies:
"Totally connectable: the idea of the 'other', the stranger, the Muslim,
the Arab, the Saracen, the Moor, the Jew, the Blackamoor - you do not like
them, you're afraid of them, you despise them, you throw them out, or you
burn them at the stake. There is no other solution: the European mind has
still not come up with any philosophical solution. That is why we have a
holocaust every few decades."

And in Raft, Amin Maalouf: "The centre is man. You, me, we are all meeting
places. I have the right to be, at the same time, Christian, Moslem, Jew-
ish, Buddhist. I have the right to borrow from all religions, from all
ideologies, from all the books that I read, from all my personal experi-
ence. And I don't need a label that refers me back to a religion, to a
variant of a religion. That is my profound conviction."

"I am not trying to proselytize with this. I am not trying to say this is
the path that everyone has to take. But for me, it is certainly my path. I
refuse to belong to a nation, even if this is something which makes you
smile, because this is a period when people are uncertain of where they
belong. People today want to say: I belong to this religion, I belong to
that nation, I belong to that culture, and I reject this. I understand it,
but I don't have much sympathy for this evolution. I find it extremely
retrograde. I have a lot of respect for people who say, I claim many
nationalities, many cultures. For me this is the future, even though we
may pass through a period of regression today."

Of course I am _writing_ this on the Internet, in the midst of broken
national boundaries, what I'd call borderliners, drawing/redrawing lines,
inscribing lines, which fissure, crack open, tear. And somewhere there are
ghosts in the background, _massive_ cultures, ruptured, viral movement
within them. Julian doesn't so much document all of this as create dis-
coursing, what elsewhere I'd call shape-riding the real. Representation
and peoples intermingle; holocausts destroy base and superstructure like
giant storms crackling the planet.

Chris Giannou, Mirror: "The diversity of human experience is such that
sometimes in my life I have felt as though my body were an allegory for
what was happening in the world around me. When I first arrived in the
West African nation of Mali, in 1968, I fell ill. There was an epidemic of
cerebro-spinal meningitis. I was teaching at the time and one of my stud-
ents fell ill and died of meningitis. I had malaria and then hepatitis,
and in the middle of all of this there was a coup d'etat and a radical
nationalist regime was overthrown. Several months later, there was an
attempt at a counter-coup d'etat and the swirl of events seemed to take
up my body, and those of the people around me in many cases, and it was
almost as if the pathology of the individual were mirrored in the patholo-
gy of the society."

Thierry Hentsch, Mirror: "I think that every frontier is both real and ima-
ginary and the Alhambra here in Granada is just such a place - a frontier
that has undergone historical changes which have left both very tangible
traces, like the site on which we are standing, as well as traces that
exist only in the realm of the imagination." 

In Emmanuel Levinas' "Meaning and Sense," there is this: "The beyond from
which the face comes signifies as a trace." And "In the presence of the
Other (_Autrui_), do we not respond to an 'order' in which the signifying-
ness remains an irremissible disturbance, an utterly bygone past? Such is
the signifyingness of a trace." The face is always already a process, rep-
resentation (David Marr, Vision); the disconnected Other returns vastly
interpenetrated, convoluted, porous, in Samuel's works. They should be
required reading for their questioning/problematic, as well as viewing;
the two books are based on a videotape trilogy: The Raft of the Medusa,
Into the European Mirror, and City of the Dead and the World Exhibitions,
produced 1993-95. I'd also recommend Samuel's Passage to Lahore, more or
less a novel, relevant as well to a necessarily political reading/being of
the Other.


