


My Tongue


I'm not so much interested any more in people speaking from the body, or
even with the fullness of the body; that seems so natural to me! I'm not
that interested in people standing in front of me or in the throes of
unbridled sexual passion, head back, animal cries emanating from a space
beyond culture and death. No, I'm not. I want etiquette, barriers; I'm
transfixed, hypnotized, by those voices that come from somewhere else,
something human, syntactic, the distanciation resulting in sexual give it
to me give it to me deeper deeper fuck me harder harder.

The glue of it all, the distance that nonetheless also issues from the
throat, from somewhere other than body, as-if it were body, and why not?
Our prejudices today encounter _this_ as body, not _that,_ with whatever
structural divisions are applied, as if feminin ecriture were a specific-
ity of encounter. It's not, Jennifer, said, it's anything at all, and it's
the anything that fascinates, the debris, the formalities, the dissua-
sions, what seems at a distance.

The distance is _impossible_ as sounds spew from the mouth; what creates
categoricities of the real producing inscription on one hand, fissure on
the other? It is speech spoken; the phallic male, underwear tight against
half-erect penis, rigid, is equally embodied, teeth and larynx all at work
- it's not the privilege or prerogative of those who claim the body for
speech or literature or writing, masculin ecriture for example, even that
of the neutered, Alan said.

The point here is that now _I'm typing,_ noise emitting from the vocal
cords, no matter what you think, no matter how this text is (de)generated. 
And a revelation that it is all body, even mathesis, that it's set up,
that it's a setup, that not even machine text fissures in a clean and pro-
per manner, cried Jennifer. 

That even the military order thrust from the gaping maw, the nationalist
song, the rhetorical putdown, the office memorandum, the fingermonger's
wharfcry, the nurse's humming, are equally embodied, that the promulgation
of body is not necessarily the body's promulgaton, screamed Alan. 

Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm


