



Home Node


I begin with a text, written today, and forwarded to the Fiction-of-Phil-
osophy and Cybermind email lists, which I co-moderate. The text describes
a community garden; an _avatar,_ Jennifer, who is part and parcel of me,
is the presumed writer. Jennifer is upset with the ploughing under of the
garden, making way for a new and unnecessary store; I am upset. Her text
will be read by hundreds of people world-wide, who will have never been to
Brooklyn, but who will empathise with gardens and gardening, and the need
for physical roots.

Jennifer's community is on-line, and she exists on-line, just as surely as
I do. She is not my alter ego, nor is she either equivalent or identical
with me; like me, she writes herself in and out of existence, writing her
gender as well.

The text follows:


                         "The Beautiful Garden"


"There is a Beautiful Community Garden a block from here which is the last
remnants of the physical neighborhood, the neighborliness of the area, the
nice love that fills the earth with plants and creates havens. Now the
Beautiful Garden fence is covered with ribbons of all colors (see .jpg if
you are on Cybermind, and Imagine if you are on Fop-l), because evil dev-
elopers are already ploughing the fence down to build another store we
don't need because the borough of Brooklyn sold out and you can read all
about it, said Jennifer, in the Daily News or Park Slow Courier. There
have been local meetings and we have written to Howard Golden the Brooklyn
president but it does not look good because the developers just don't care
about feelings here and the need of families to feel rooted. Already there
are outpatient clinics, a mall, unemployment and welfare offices in the
area, all of which are fine, but the area is under siege and there are
less places for children and the garden which is my place for roots and
leaves, said Jennifer, will be no more. And community gardens are our last
contact with the earth outside of cyberspace, she continued, since every-
thing else here is transient; rents are going up and poor people like our-
selves have no place to go. Oh Oh Oh this is the oldest story in the book,
she cried, it's the same all over the city as the Rich get Richer and run
around with their Private Fenced Parks while the rest of us cannot hold
onto the tiniest bit of Green, not even this Garden of Eden which has
taken so many thousands of loving hours to create. So everyone has put
Ribbons on the Fence and there are Thousands of Ribbons but they will make
mulch for Bulldozer Blade. Now I will go back to my loving Cyberspace
which is also under Horror Development but there are still tiny places for
me to sing and sit, and I will sit there in my Frock for a long long time
because the Dream won't go away."


Now when Jennifer writes, she talks about sitting on the ground, feeling
the cold and dampness of the ground through her underwear, being aware of
being rooted, but a rootedness which is disconnected; Jennifer is mobile,
runs and walks everywhere in fact. Like the symbolic, rootedness on-line
is broken, broken down; it is a memory, just like Jennifer's knowledge of
the physical world is a memory.

Jennifer has, as she says, all the time in the world, and since she is on-
line, I think she has all the time and no time, but my own time is limi-
ted. Jennifer has all the space too, and I have the same space as Jennifer
as we are born and borne together. We are borne on the packets of the Net,
sundered together by virtue of a common IP address, no matter what we say,
but the address is only a marker or token; it could even be considered an
indirect address, in terms of the virtual domains that open on both sides
of the chiasm, X, where the node lies. The node is only a gateway from
local to international databases, from worldings to worldings, and we draw
from ourselves what community we bring to community, what gifts we have to
offer, where we draw our gardens, where we choose to sit.

It would be too easy to say our home is a site of contestation or negotia-
tion, that it is the signified of cultural reproduction (because signifi-
ers and signifieds are all there are, as well as cultures, in this space);
it is more accurate to note that virtual embodiment is a cloth and cloth-
ing of psychoanalytic flows, that it is constructed of part-objects play-
ing or played within language games, that it rides on TCP/IP and other
protocols, and that it is a _matter_ of desire, that the virtual panties
on the virtual ground involve a sexuality that floods spaces and gardens
everywhere here. 

With regard to psychoanalytic flows, we can consider libidinal energies,
cathecting and decathecting; we also look towards the imaginary given by
the symbolic, which is the inverse of physical life. In the latter, one
starts with the real, moves to the symbolic; on line, one starts with the
symbolic, riding on protocols, and moves to uncanny or imaginary embodi-
ment. 

With regard to part-objects playing or played within language games, Jen-
nifer and I are textual/desiring, lacking the phenomenology of the real
described in, say, Merleau-Ponty; instead, there are local investments,
cathectings, nodes, played against other texts, played within themselves.

With regard to the protocols, one notes that _always_ a certain etiquette
is observed; otherwise, the post or writing simply won't _go._ The syn-
tactic dominates everything here, even _home,_ which is a garden and a
fuzzy category to be sure.

With regard to the matter of desire, and the problematic of the virtual
panties, it is surprisingly easy to move into feeling out "cyberspace" as
real space; this connects with Polyani's notion of _tacit knowledge,_
as well as the phenomenology of _prosthesis_ and the phantom limb. We
always already inhabit the symbolic; this occurred as soon as the gesture
was born (see Tran Duc Thao). Now we _occur_ as mobilities within and
without the machinic; we're haunted by desire, and the Heideggerian de-
sire for ground is little different than "sleazy" Internet Relay Chat sex
on a comfortable _home channel._

With regard to spaces and gardens, Jennifer and I think of _distributions_
of nodes, graph-fluxes, memories aligned in databases all across the Net.
Home becomes the mobility of interconnectivity; it functions like the
Lacanian ego, buried in language, beneath the name-of-the-father, TCP/IP,
shifted and leaking. The ego-home has a sense of its identity, and another
model comes to mind, that of Edelman's neural architecture which is paral-
lel and "alocal"; memory, home, and identity on the Net are spread thin,
convulsed with local intensities. Just as a _copy_ of Moby Dick problema-
tizes the notion of the original, so do duplicate copies of Jennifer's or
Alan's texts across the Net. But this is not a problem for Jennifer or
Alan, just as copies of Moby Dick are not a problem for readers or writ-
ers. Instead, it's a condition of the ontology of information, the epis-
temological / epistemic flooding of sources, channels, and receivers. 
(For this reason, we tend to speak of symbolic _emissions_ or _spews,_
rather than the singularities of signs, signifiers, signifieds, graphemes,
and the like.)

What we are speaking / writing of here is _wryting,_ the construct of
ontological commitment through text (and other forms of representation),
which is the fundamental structure of wryting into and out of existence.
Wryting occurs most evidently on MOOs, MUDs, and other text-based reali-
ties (Webchat, ThePalace, etc.), but it is our contention that it, in
fact, occurs _everywhere_ on line, that it is a _condition_ of being on
line. Wryting carries, like carapace, its own home or presence. As lurking
demonstrates (on email lists, newsgroups, and the like), wryting, _for the
subject,_ need not involve writing at all (beyond logging in); it is sim-
ply the presencing of oneself for oneself. Hence, it is possible to make a
home on an email list for oneself _without posting anything._ For others
on the list, the lurker may remain invisible; for the lurker, the list is
familiar, developing much as an epistolary novel or soap opera develops,
energized by the fact that he or she _can_ post, and comfortable in its
textual nooks and crannies. 

If wryting is home, have we wrytten ourselves into this _space,_ this con-
ference, this publication, this fireside chat, this hearth? The writing
carries its own impetus, its own whisperings and dissolutions (see Kris-
teva, Revolution in Poetic Writing); Jennifer and I are born and die
t/here. The only difference is that of the differend, which permits her to
speak, take her own good time, while he loses it, submerges it, with the
usual death on the physical horizon. Until separation, however, identi-
ties, like homes, genders, authors, writings, readings, spaces, presences,
ontologies and epistemologies, are blurred. 

Written by Jennifer, "herself"!


