


Wet (I can't write well in the morning, my thinking outpaces my ability.)


It just occurred to me in the shower this morning (yes, I shower, not that
you would get _that_ close or care), that the major difference between
email lists and other forms of community is that on an email list everyone
hears everyone else; this is radically different than other forms of com-
munity of course. MOO, MUD, talkers, and IRC all have _on-application_
forms of private messaging; if I do a page Jennifer how are you? on a MOO,
the question and presumed reply remain within the structure.

With an email list, a private message (within the _aura_) is elsewhere. It
spills into daily life, moves from private email to the post-office, and
from ytalk to telephone. The edges of the list are, on one hand, inscrib-
ed - what's written, goes to everyone - and on the other, are ragged, torn
open by desire that impels itself into every breach. 

So that the overt discussion or superstructure is always group; thread
titles change far too often to provide a sure guide for delete. On news-
groups, tin and other readers work through titles, and many posts are left
unread; newsgroups (particularly with the degree of noise on them) require
threading to function at all.

But the email lists move towards continuous consensus and the shaping of a
totality of input/output; at times the posts stream over the imaginary
body of chordate-writing, sinews moving musculature across uncanny do-
mains. "Consensus" is not agreement; it's an interstitiality that stutters
itself as identity, beneath the signifier of the list, the topics, the
readings and writings.

So if I whisper to you, I whisper elsewhere; if I make my presence felt to
you and you alone, it is my voice on the telephone, my photographs in the
mail. And if I write to you, it is to all of you on the list, although you
may decode, may feel this text, this pressure, meant for your body alone.
But the pressure is everywhere, and this is the difference between these
communities and any other, that, within the inscription of the list, we
all read and know each other's business.


