


confession


i write myself into oblivion; sometimes i end up trembling, ill, forcing
these posts out, hoping they're more than psychosis, private meanderings,
_my_ sex or gender as opposed to yours, ours.

in the middle of the early sunday morning, late saturday, stress grips me
with iron claws; i cannot think properly, peering out into the vastness of
this empty space.

i think of the circulations that will continue after we are dead, after
this realm ceases functioning, after the wires rust, fiber optics tear at
the heart of coded desire, avatars, words.

my life is a violation fabric, torn in two, thinking itself through this
emptiness, desperate for it to come alive, just as i'd love a good fuck
_here,_ not across any more wires, cables, airwaves. not any more wires,
not any more, unhere.

in the midst of these dark nights what looms is one's own hideous pres-
ence, unmediated by conversation, other voices, other rooms; the maw that
drools, spits language, belongs to me, and me alone; there is none other,
there never was.

my own hateful audience, i can only repudiate, penetrate my texts, their
nakedness conveying nothing, rows of stillborn words spewed from my mouth,
cock, ass, organs gendered and ungendered; i wait here for your word, hate
its arrival, it's only word, signifying everything, ripped and fragile.

wait and wait for the knock on the door, the roof blown off, sky imploded,
crashed down on _this_ body with burning heat and violent sensation, skin
slammed across mountain and valleys, raw nerves yours for the taking;
steamed. 

there's no yours, there's no yours anymore, days are nights, nights are
days; like this alone; days are lies; there never was; whatever one makes
of it, whatever i say; i say nothing; speechless, lost in vacuum horror. 

abyss; tomorrow i'll abjure, repudiate, leave alone, deny, sublimate; this
death is done; depression's not the half of it; chemistry not the quarter;
i'll burn my hand off; some sort of pain; i'll burn my heart off.

i'll do nothing; nothing of the sort; you'll be there on-line; i'll make
myself suffocate on your words; i'll cum on your words; my body explodes; 
travels the wires; they're hard, hot, fray; splinter; i'm born into a
thousand pieces; you'll find me worldwide; i lie.

you'll find me worldwide; i lie; pathos of this emptied space; spewed;
australia, africa, where are you; asia you are my fond asia; orientalism
spikes aortas; i bleed for you argentina. 

stop writing and i'll die; hold it; these pliers never lose their grip; i
can sing; black night; wires cutting firmament; not as if you see again;
repetition's the use of language; no psychosis when i speak the world.

i'm afraid; i can't say anything original; words wound the screen; my
hands are there; in the middle of the early sunday morning, late saturday,
stress grips me with iron claws; i can't think properly, repeating in this
empty space.


