



Here's how the net works. You get attracted to someone. You write back and
forth. You start to have net sex. The net sex gets heavier. You're dying
to know what the other person looks like. You send photos. Now you've got
the image imprinted. You want more. You want the body. At night, sweats
and fevers. Now you've got dis-eased, violation fabric. You write: this
is, this is not. You write and write. You have net sex. The net sex gets
heavier. You explore. You want his holes her holes his extensions her ex-
tensions. You write everything opened. You push and push at the writing. 
You pull at the writing. The writing doesn't give. There are no anymore
images, not these twists. The twists tie a noose around your neck. You
write back again. You push at it. You push so hard you're through her,
through him, on the other side. You're "on the other side." You realize
everything is quotation, parenthetical. Your sweats increase. You want the
body. He or she wants the body. In lieu of the body. In lieu, you take
things to the limit. He or she takes things to the limit. You have never
been there. There is no limit. You're "on the other side." Frantic tele-
phone calls, dilations, screams. You're in a dark tunnel and you dream
you're in a dark tunnel. You agree to meet. You set a time, date, place. 
It's a motel, hotel. It's in somewhere city. You agree: this is the room. 

You go to the room, he or she is there. You have furious sex. You find
your body following you. You've written your body so many times on screen.
You've written the footnotes and the headers. You've written the page num-
bers and colophons. Font after font. You've filed them away.

You do what you write. It's language all the way down into his or her bo-
dy. It's language all the way up and down. You find yourself doing things
you have never done before. You find yourself inverted, perverted. You are
used and use. The couplings are hysteric, furious. The quotation disap-
pears, the parentheses. For a second you see something. For a second you
really see. It disappears, your seeing, what you've seen. You go home.

You both leave the city. You go to one place and he or she goes to another
place. There is a taut line between you. One call. You have arrived safe-
ly, he or she has arrived safely. You get on line. He or she gets on line.
You communicate. You take up where you left off.

You take up. You continue to penetrate his or her body. You wrap the body
up, write and rewrite. It's all mixed, text and scent. It's mixed, weight
and paragraph. You develop psychosis. He or she is or is not text or is or
is not he or she or is or is not body. You telephone or he or she tele-
phones. Just to make sure. You make certain. You continue. You write and
penetrate. He or she writes and penetrates. You devour each other on line.
There is no perversion too strong. Anything to make it real. Anything to
make it come, recuperate, absolve, return, cathect. You write cannibalism.
He or she writes necrophilia. You write shredding. He or she tears. You
exhaust one another in blood, feces, urine, membranes, tissues, lymph,
bile. You reach a limit he or she calls uncanny. You agree to meet again.

You agree to meet again and there are again all these words. The words
meet each other and bodies follow. Your body is written on his or her bo-
dy. His or her body is written on your own. It is no longer your own. It
belongs to him or her. 

You do not know who you are. Your body is torn from limb to limb. You want
to make the body real. You want to write it into space. You write the
tearing and then find it is torn. You live and shatter in two worlds. 
There may be more than two or less than two or any other number. You are
other and yourself. How could you love and hate. You will have to ask him
or her next time you are on line. Next time you can arrange a meeting may-
be. Next time you can pick a hotel or motel in his or her or your city or
any other city. Next time you can meet and sort it all out. You will be of
frantic and ferocious sex. 


