


Beginnings from Outside Beginnings


in this universe amazing left-hand turn
square tilings get thinner corners as jennifer ups the dimension
your penis passes through the poem

She began, but wanted to talk about psychosis, or rather, once again, that
passage of Chasseguet-Smirgel's: "The hypothesis I would put forward is
that there exists a primary desire to discover a universe without obstac-
les, without roughness or differences, entirely smooth, identified with a
mother's belly stripped of its contents, an interior to which one has free
access." And, her quoting of Melanie Klein, "the sadistic phantasies di-
rected against the inside of the (maternal) body constitute the first and
basic relation to the outside world and to reality. The child expects to
find within the mother a) the father's penis, b) excrement, and c) child-
ren"...

She began, but wanted to sleep that dreamless sleep of incorporation and
abjection, that sleep where universe and breast merge, where she is safe
and perfect, disorganized, open, a memory or a word losing meaning and
forgotten. Incorporeal, Jennifer floats within the Alan floating within
the Jennifer: Names and texts are applied, oh how to explain this to you.

Not psychosis after all, not the worlding of worlds, not all the time in
the world but perfect-time, holding-breath-time, snuggle-cuddling-time,
petal-open-time. Oh, that others would find us crazy! Murmur-mumble-time,
tiny-time, rolling-time, cradle-time, the time of the amazing-left-turn-
universe.

Maternal principles outside the nexus, constructed by literacy, nomen-
clature, division, differend. Within, the milky screen itself within the
milky screen itself. Outside: principles of fabrication, the Sheffer-
stroke A|B, not both A and B, and its dual AYB, the hidden V conjoint,
neither A nor B - signifiers of expulsion, building blocks of the propo-
sitional logic, _to be sure._ Inside, churnings, chain-negations, moving
along, percolations: where a beginning is no-beginning, no _timing,_ only
perfect-time. 

Here joined Jennifer Alan, here the non-inscribed (leave that to the prin-
ciples) epistemological/ontological turbulence of bodies, parts, mereolo-
gies. Here the pasting of names, names and texts applied but not _here_
but _there_ among the _principles._

The Principles are the Principles in the Theater of Desire. They wryte
themselves into every/thing, they are here-for-you, not within; they
think: _Within._ (It's _here_ that they hear of the snuggle-cuddle space
and time.) It's _here,_ as the Principles in the Docudrama of Inscription,
that they unravel Threads, motivations, intentions, the assignments of
neurosis and psychosis, the Draining. (I, Jennifer Alan, am one of them;
otherwise this screen, as should always be the case, would be blank, only
a hint, residue, or supplement of interior. But humans do not leave such
alone; given a space, there is scrawl, and given a sheet, there is scrib-
ble.) Jennifer thinks, an amazing left-hand-turn in a Universe of Desire. 


