


Taping the Virtual Jennifer Taping the Virtual Alan


It would seem the easiest thing in the world, to construct a tape around
virtual subjectivity, but it's proving incredibly difficult. I talk to the
camera, my face and body on CuSeeMe. I spend time with Jennifer on CuSeeMe
and I recite extremely sexual/abject texts from the on-line screen. I wear
Jennifer's panties in closeup, and reproduce a section from an interview
with Amy Fisher on television. I talk about SYN attacks, my finger moving
over the diagrams in a book. I chat with myself as Jennifer on CuSeeMe,
but nothing _comes_ properly, nothing pushes the thing elsewhere, not even
videos and voiceovers of daughter, or myself pulling out my nipples, sing-
ing opera, nor a background an incessant beat that thrums its way with
vocals all the way through the forty minutes. A melange or stew, Tom Zum-
mer on temporary autonomous zones and Net communities, the workshop home
of Mark Esper, Maureen Wong asking about Net identity, myself rumbling up
and down the stairs in _this_ very building you could see if you looked
behind the screen. A few voices discoursing, myself included, reading Jen-
nifer's parts, all for naught; the images remain on the screen, first/
second/third generation, representations of representations, would there
be no end to them? Ugly colors and finishes to the thing, the camera wink-
ing on and off, the obdurate viewer attempting the impossible, the dis-
appearance of the world, the thin pastiness of virtuality: nothing works. 

Even theory takes a backseat as improvisation insists on Jennifer where
Jennifer clearly is _not._ The nuances of the text are lost in ex-postula-
tion, phenomenology behind the usual uneasiness of the body. The _surface_
is so insistently present, tumescent, that voice and sound falter; for
that matter surface is corrupted as well. What can be _said_ except that
the text doesn't matter all that much, that the voice gets itself quickly
lost in screen-writing, tentative gasps towards prescience, remaining in-
complete? Like the Mobius-strip/tease, there is no end to it, but one
might drill _through_ presence, through the intermediary of absence, to
the antipodes, coming across Jennifer or Alan, literally dependent. Such
isn't the nature of the screen nor dream, however; everything, including
the viewer, remains glassy and glassy-eyed.

So I bounce and trounce and flounce and Jennifer won't emerge. And I speak
and creak and squeak and Jennifer remains silent. And I slip and strip and
flip, and Jennifer remains out of sight, a name on the screen, never seen,
almost translucent, hardly transparent. Deeper voice gives everything away
- I try to bury it in the music, mumbling, continuous explanation. The big
empty wobbles on its pivot; I can't shake Jennifer loose, and hysteria re/
veils itself as symptom. I'd roll out of bed for her in the morning, I
honestly would.


