


Jennifer Writes, not Wrytes, of Implication


What are the sites of contestation here? What nodes/intensifications or
circulations exist, say around the body itself, gender? For a videotape I
wrote, "When I fuck, I think: dust," referring to desertification and
postmodernism, the former as populations increase, and the latter, as dust
becomes a category of mathesis, close to chaotic percolations. Now, in
_this_ space, to impede the dissemination of difference and disconnect, to
construct a _contusion_ of the real. Invasive practices of institutions,
power, generation, recapitulating, inscribing the subject which/who is
produced within the very machination; it's the curlicue of representation
(secondary sexual characteristics, "beauty," race) that continues the work
of hegemonic struggle. But not necessarily to overcome with the quicksil-
ver of theoretics; the flesh of the Other is in the dust itself, and there
is _that_ difference between turbulent entities and objects which might be
otherwise assumed. If my work has not borrowed from the mythos of chora
and pre-symbolic, where would be its stuttering effacement as this space
is dragged down beneath etiquette, protocol, existence?

Circulations are not always already inscriptions, and what argument I re-
tain emphasizes fissuring, the division of same and same, breaking-down of
categorial scripture; this occurs even _here_ with elements of lag, eras-
ure, protocol, activated elements, image and sound files, video, the in-
terplay of proper names. And it is within this _here_ that hysteric embo-
diment occurs, as I have elsewhere indicated, a projective ikonic semiosis
rupturing the symbolic; I'd say _in spite of the eye,_ that no one has or
is the phallus, or that the appearance as such is a promulgation of a par-
ticular period, masquerading as the real.

Alan finds it difficult to get around what gets around, all necessary
strategies implicated in one or another literary strategy; I would argue
for Alan that he, as an example, is one such, some such. Which is not to
take away from social construction, but to proffer it would that sense of
discomfort and dis-ease resulting from a stressed body that might still,
for example, be cut in to by any random bayonet, laser, shock treatment,
above and beyond the call of duty. 

These are elements that necessarily impinge, fissure, and, discursive,
participatory in discourse, nevertheless remain imbued with silent immo-
bility.

He'd say it is always already too much to say anything.


