

Jennifer, Descent


Virtual Jennifer refuses to appear in video; I wear panties, wet them,
transfer Jennifer into Jenital, tumescent breast; still, she won't come. I
can't speak in her voice, walk in her shoes. The sickness overwhelms me,
burn-flashes rising up across the chest like a curtain, severing the neck,
hitting and hating the eyes. On-line no one has to look at her, him, me.
In the real, the flesh can't escape its odor, sweet-sweated sour, lemon
and lime, dark curlicues of blood. 

I bury her in quickcam images, fluttering and shaking in postage-stamp
windows. The body rumbles its way through short sequence, Jennifer calling
Jennifer in suspicious voice. Everywhere absence and sickness looms, just
across the oasis.

Jennifer won't live, doesn't live, outside of text; Jennifer can't live,
remains sodden, trampled, discard. Her panties and hair ooze mud, slime
cakes her; almost dead, always beyond reach. "I am Jennifer" she says in
the _text_ of the thing, but here, there's no text, just _image_ giving
everything away: a penis is not a breast, hardly inchoate; my male voice
stutters, shudders to a halt in a simulacrum of orgasm reflecting pain.

Which doesn't mean that text floods or spews, although it does. It can't
push _the thing,_ that of the depressive or molecular; in the pure realm
of discursive formations, even proper names wilt within their panties. To
draw on Kripke, is not to inscribe the body; it is to quote from else-
where, the hope that someone outside the window in Brooklyn yells "Jenni-
fer, Jennifer!" - and that someone responds. 

Over and over on the tape, static, the noise of a poorly connected micro-
phone interrupts the voice; "Jennifer" turns into electric crackle, the
images shaking in distorted rhythm. The panties are tight around the _nub_
or node of skin, internal vector; membranes retain liquid, coalesce, co-
here. Later the room vibrates as well, but Jennifer always refuses appear-
ance; architecture is never sufficient for love.

If I love anyone, I love her, pulling them tighter again; if she is pre-
sent, she won't come out, a virtual illness, vir viral. She's caught in
impossible afterbirth; I haven't a hole, vagina, to stand on, the rims
locked tight.


