




The Matrix and Others


Every so often, barring volcanics and meteorics, the surface of a planet
self-organizes, utilizing available internal and external energies. The
crust becomes almost crystalline, glittering with details; time slows down
almost to a halt, enumeration begins, the "event." The slowdown is accomp-
anied by record-keeping; everything takes on purport among the jewelry,
and the laminar carapace becomes replete with the minutiae of hiding-pla-
ces, hearths, and havens. It is towards these surfaces, always vulnerable
to the larger forces of the abyss, that our attention turns, just as their
attention turns towards us, unbridged, unfathomable. These windows exist
for a microscopic duration of the cosmos, before chaos settles back into
place, dusts reign once more, and the universe hurtles, unwitnessed, empty
and absurd, towards its ungainly destination.

Such goals, such dark places, are domains, silenced fields, nothing more
in their abandonment. Crusts have long since disappeared; what would have
been called decay has set in, "events" are no longer. 

It was earlier, that, for example, a mudslide might have buried a particu-
lar colony of stromatolites, and somewhat later that a predator consumed a
particular trilobite larva. Still later, an eohippus herd was buried in
volcanic ash, but there is little reason to continue beyond the felling of
sigillaria, high winds across the tropical froth, calamites charred by
storm and fire, paintings bedeviled by mildew and dryrot alike.

Jennifer, having all the time there is, carefully lays out the abacus,
itself close to decay, the beads worn, their posts loose in ebony sockets.
It is no longer a question of enumeration, she emphasizes, once all of
this is tallied, tabled; the crust is but a crust, dull skies overhead,
murmurings beneath the surface of the world. She added she was not apocal-
yptic, that "in the long run" it made no difference at all, just as email
disappears on its languorous voyaging past its destination, or files cor-
rupt, hard disks crash as heads fly lower and lower, descending into the
matrix. 

The matrix, she said, is everywhere, recording for a while, by virtue of
my presence. The recording will stop. 


