


Jennifer Turns for Lorn


Today I up-and-gathered myself, all dressed in my new frock, and went gai-
ly-raily to the store where I could buy books read by others. And there I
found, guess, two volumes by sad Elinor Wylie, called Angels and Earthly
Creatures, and Angels and Earthly Creatures! One was the very first edi-
tion and the other was even earlier

There were these sad poems, and this very sad comment written right in
both of them:

"The contents of this, Elinor Wylie's last, book of poems was selected by
her for publication on the evening of December 15th, 1928, the day prior
to her death. It is printed precisely according to her own arrangement
without any necessity for the exercise of literary executorship."

Was she in bed? And, oh, Jennifer, that novel of hers which popularized my
name, from Guinevere, Jennifer Lorn, that is I do believe, Jennifer For-
Lorn! And what pretty books these books are!

	O break the walls of sense in half
	And make the spirit fugitive!
	This light begotten of itself
	Is not a light by which to live!

She wrote, and that other sense is me!  Now this, from Miss Edna St-Vin-
cent Millay!

	To Elinor Wylie

	[In answer to a question about her]

	Oh, she was beautiful in every part!
	The auburn hair that bound the subtle brain;
	The lovely mouth cut clear by wit and pain,
	Uttering oaths and nonsense, uttering art
	In casual speech and curving at the smart
	On startled ears of excellence too plain
	For early morning! - Obit. Death from strain;
	The soaring mind outstripped the tethered heart.
	Yet here was one who had no need to die
	To be remembered. Every word she said,
	The lively malice of the hazel eye
	Scanning the thumb-nail close - oh, dazzling dead,
	How like a comet through the darkening sky
	You raced! . . . would your return were heralded.

Now me!:

	would I have had the time to have been her instead of Jennifer, 
	or have sat down against the clock killing her, dressed down
	in one or another violation fabric, cotton, silk, of pinafore
	or lovely frock, train, velveteen of lace, red wedding gown:
	would I these gloves have fit her, dark with grace and veil
	these lines would not have fit her, face of pearl, failed
	at being life, o Jennifer forlorn, o gods, o ghastly gruel,
	o meales, o scales and carapace, nylons, garters rule
	the thin constricted waste, garnered heels turned to blacks;
	the violent maelstrom churns, burns against your slacks.

	I describe myself upon the shelf.

I am so happy to have found love and death and Elinor Wylie!


