


Stalking the Wild Philosopher, by Jennifer 


(How Names, Costumes, Being, Get Confused)

Now we think our way through the first paragraphs of the first translation
of Heidegger into English, emphasizing the anecdote, the preposterous -
Heidegger isolated on the top of that mountain of his... 

We might wonder at this latter-day scout or hippy, enviously isolated, in
recall: I am speaking of the nature of the city, disturbance, here. 

"On both occasions when I met Professor Heidegger, in June, 1946, and in
October, 1947, I had to drive for an hour to the small town of Todtnau in
the Black Forest Mountains, then to climb still further until the road
became a path and all human habitation scattered and invisible. There on
top of a mountain, with the valley deep down below, with nothing but space
and wilderness all around, in that small skiing hut, I spoke to the philo-
sopher. He had not been to Freiburg for six months when I saw him for the
second time. His living conditions were primitive; his books were few, and
his only relationship to the world was a stack of writing paper.  His
whole life revolved within those white sheets and it seemed to me that he
wanted nothing else but to be left in peace to cover those white sheets
with his writing." (Werner Brock, in Heidegger, Existence and Being.) 

He speaks of the silence there, and it is the silence, natural silence of
the terminal or workstation, isolated from the mainframe or server; it is
the silence of the whispering of the world on late-night email and the
World Wide Web. There are protocols to be observed; the world is the space
of Kaspar Hauser David Friedrich, inscribed. Heidegger procures _identity_
- the peasant costume signifying a certain care, Sorge, already paid to
masquerade (although his brother was a farmer). 

He's got this identity of the tribe and he's hunting Greeks. The painter
is busy showing men on mountaintops uncertainly gazing. The boy can hardly
speak _anything_; painter and boy gaze into the void. Heidegger however is
colorful. These politics of identity - Germans, Greeks, Europeans, get one
so mixed up!

The mountaintop, in-itself, is a proper, if not named. Holderlin, quoted
by Heidegger: 

"Much has man learnt.
 Many of the heavenly ones has he named,
 Since we have been a conversation
 And have been able to hear from one another."

The email has arrived at its clean and proper destiny.


