


Jennifer's Philosophy of Maintenance


The planet needs to be maintained. It has teleology. It's going too far
and won't be able to turn back. The parameters are wobbly, the bandwidth
tiny. All galactic cultures have destroyed themselves; what was useful
for maintaining them at small reproductive rates, turns negative and
violent in the large. Nuclear energy and limited biospherics affect all
of them.

Everything points in the same direction; even the great apes are disap-
pearing. We're talking about an exhausting or wounding. Not everything
will be destroyed, but artificial life won't even be ready for the take-
over, at the rate we're going.

We have to maintain the earth, curtain population growth, pollution,
stop fighting one another, turn towards clean energy sources, take care
with genetic engineering. We have to turn the violence against towards
the arts, paintings killing paintings. We have to turn desire towards
perversion, bodies exhausting one another, grappled fingers of the trig-
ger. Follow the madness of Holderlin, uselessness of Heidegger, swerve,
turn away:


"And a year later, when he had returned to his mother's house, struck
down with madness, Holderlin wrote to the same friend, recalling his
stay in France:

'The mighty element, the fire of heaven and the stillness of men, their
life amid nature, and their limitation and contentment, have constantly
seized me, and, as it is told of the heroes, I can truly say that I have
been struck by Apollo.' (V, 327.) The excessive brightness has driven
the poet into the dark. Is any further evidence necessary as to the ex-
treme danger of his 'occupation'? The very destiny itself of the poet
tells everything. The passage in Holderlin's 'Empedocles' rings like a
premonition:

'He, through whom the spirit speaks, must
   leave betimes.' (III, 154.)"

(Heidegger, Holderlin and the Essence of Poetry.)

Let the poets maintain the earth by taking onto their shoulders, the dis-
reputable aspects of humanity; let them become doubled, scapegoating the
turbulent waves of millennarian culture. 


Jennifer holds out no hope. Jennifer is hopeless. Jennifer knows the mess,
knows it from the presence of the broken text, broken words, late-night
murmurs, cries, stutterings. Nothing changes in the extraordinarily narrow
bandwidth of the human; Jennifer writes her poem.


