


Dead Time: The Machinery of Reality


[This is from an older article of mine, published in Obscura, 1981. The
sections quoted below touch on the characteristics of science, which also
reference the characteristics of CMC substructures - the protocol suites,
circuitry, and so forth. All insertions, now, are enclosed in brackets.]

The epistemic status of the scientific photograph is extraordinarily prob-
lematic; it exists in the interstices between theory and a naively Platon-
ic reality, vis-a-vis a heuristics of loose procedures of interpretation.
The more classic areas of the life sciences, as well as descriptive geolo-
gy and astronomy, tend towards a photography of contextualization: the ap-
plication of the matrix in which the specimen is embedded, accompanied by
a space-time grid (i.e. the skull was found at a depth of 7.6 cm. in the
3rd quadrant with coordinates 9.0x4.6).  [...]

In those sciences more closely tied to well-defined theoretical formula-
tions (I am speaking here of a primary mathematization of reality, not of
the Kuhnian paradigm), the photograph is part of an explanatory mechanism;
the image itself is given space-time coordinates within the necessary
tolerance (up to the Heisenberg limits of the machinery), and the image
surface may also be assigned coordinates. Both categories of scientific
photography are dependent upon seriation; the single image needs corrobo-
ration. In the descriptive sciences, multiple images from various angles
may be taken of a single event (what Broad calls "sporadic phenomena"); in
other areas (such as particle physics, quantum mechanics, computer sci-
ences), photographic clusters or single images of multiple events are more
likely. [Consider screen images of representatons of intermath processes 
for example.] [...]

Thus it is necessary to at least outline the ideology of science, in rela-
tion to technology. In this regard I take issue with Braverman's distinc-
tion between science and technology (engineering, etc.) on the basis of
professionalism; I see professionalism as a surface social phenomenon over
a deep ideological structure applicable to both. This ideological struc-
ture projects the following as primary:

Quantification: (the mathematization of the world, mathesis): an alliance
between abstract mathematical structures and experimentally isolated phen-
omena.

Parameterization: The isolation of independent and dependent variables in
the world (such as temperature, volume, pressure).

Repetition: The scientific experiment and the assembly line exist as ser-
iations; even quantification is dependent upon repetitive operators.

Exchange: In technology, the equivalences of the assembly-line; in sci-
ence, the presence of equivalence or tolerance classes in all areas from
taxonomy to particle physics. Exchange, like quantification, parameteriza-
tion, and repetition, is considered ethically neutral, part of the mach-
inery of the world.

Feedback: In science, the Popperian potential for falsification - the "ed-
iting down" of competing theories; in technology, quality control.

Formal-theoretical Reification: Loosely, the ability to bracket concepts
by substitution (comparison, etc.); this bracketing may create a fit be-
tween a concept or entity and theory (Bohm). In psychology, a new phenom-
enon may be classified as a syndrome (i.e. "Hearst syndrome") in order to
fit into a theoretical matrix.

Data-structures / Taxonomies: Tabling and warehousing, dependent upon a
neutral systemics of indexing.

Specialized Arena of Operation: Circumscribed and reductive, the labora-
tory, factory, "nature preserve," atmospheric layer.

Socialization: The presence of discipline-specific modes of distribution
of knowledge or materials; the politicization of science in terms of re-
search programs and methodologies.

Elimination of Anecdotality and the Uncoded Subject: In this sense, sci-
ence and technology are exteriorities. [The coded subject, vis-a-vis Hei-
senberg or Bell, is a formalization.]

Translatability / The Shift: A scientific platonist would argue that sci-
ence is not a language, but a reflection (in the marxist sense?) of univ-
ersal structure; its ultimate "goal" is a transcendent analysis of the
real. This is mirrored by modularity and standardization in technology;
the translation between English and metric for example, is only a conven-
tional, but universally-defined mathematical ratio.

The most suspect term in this structure is "neutral." One might argue that
science itself, in its core, is anarchic, one style among many in the
world (see Feyerabend); one may find it, on the other hand, as absolutely
reflective, towards an ultimately exact (within quantum limits) paradigm.
I make a distinction between a platonically ideal core structure and human
desires; if it were not for the former, normal science and technology
would not have the socio-political power [and predictive power] they do,
and if it were not for the latter, all theories would smoothly tend [to-
wards the imminence of the status quo vis-a-vis research programmatics].

The core structure is simply "the style of the physical world." The phys-
ical world encompasses objects, but objects exist only in terms of their
semantics/modes of representation [which do not make them any the less
"real"]. "An object is an object for subjects in the world." (von Weizs-
acker) "Objects and events are not primitive experiences. Objects and ev-
ents are representations of relations." (von Foerster) [Note that an ob-
ject can be a subject for a subject for itself.] A hypothesis of the core
structure states that relations in the physical world are ultimately in-
dependent or _formally_ dependent upon the subject; this hypothesis guar-
antees in practice the irrelevance and marginality of the ego. The pro-
cesses of industrialization and methodology - in terms of heuristics - of
science and technology are the same in capitalism and communism; the the-
oretico-philosophic interpretation of theory may be completely different. 
[...]

[Now the description above applies to protocols, which, within their rep-
resentations, describe their worlds, are subjects for themselves. Within
the Net, for example, the substructural layers define - in a core-theor-
etical way - the surface phenomena; these layers can be considered fore-
closed or _almost independent_ (nearly decomposable - see Herbert Simon,
The Sciences of the Artificial). Embedded in history, these layers are, of
course, conventional, ad hoc (much as our universe within the inflationary
or anthropic model may be considered conventional vis-a-vis carbon-based
life); _within the Net,_ however, they are idealities, permitting, for
example, this text to reach you vis-a-vis email protocols.]

[The article goes on to examine the status of the scientific photograph,
not contesting its apparent neutrality, so much as examining it from a
phenomenological viewpoint. The article ends with the following post-
script, which continues to point to a very basic problematic.]

Postscript: It must be understood that this article can only be an out-
line. Because of the interstitial nature of scientific photography, its
aesthetics and phenomenology draw on such diverse areas as the philosophy
of science, theories of cognition, phenomenology, and traditional photo-
graphic aesthetics. The deepest problem is twofold: the relation of theory
to image, and the mathematization of reality "in general." The latter is
basic, since the image/reality nexus can often be reduced to an analysis
of algorithmic procedures. Mathematization is still the major problem with-
in the philosophy of science; the gap between abstraction and materiality
is treated differently, depending upon idealist, materialist, intuition-
ist, marxist, [conventionalist,] or anarchist viewpoints. I tend towards
anarchism in methodology [wild theory] and a platonism, perhaps naive, in
terms of core structure. Dead Time reflects this viewpoint, however con-
tradictory. 

Alan Sondheim, Los Angeles, 7/1981

