


U

Not that there are ontological/epistemological claims for or within closed
domains; the mathesis is of an other order (even though the two, mathema-
tico-physical, increasingly meld together in contemporary particle phys-
ics), applicable to whatever is circumscribed. Here, membership, set-theo-
retical concerns, play critical roles; the domain is dialectical and usu-
ally foreclosed. (This is where issues of near-decomposability come into
play.) So that foreclosure itself can be considered an ontic generator,
feed-back holding its own within a potential well. It depends on the fore-
closing, what sort of rupture is defined; across a black hole, for exam-
ple, the particle horizon doesn't necessarily lead to onto shifting - or
does it? Say yes as information is lost; information then procures the su-
turing or fissuring of domains, the latter indicative of same/same pro-
cesses, and the former, of submergences. In general, though, inscription
itself divides _one_ from the _other,_ non-Irigarayan functions; fissure
corrupts _within_ the same, as if the black hole singularity were a proper
subset of the spacetime matrix. It becomes necessary to define/redefine;
cyberspace tcp/ip is matrix enough for information conveyance; note I'm
making a case here for considering the protocols a _universe_ as in _U_
foreclosed within set theory, or even a closed topology. To the extent of
this circumscription, which is non-fissuring but submergence, the defined
spatiality (which could be nothing more than graph-theoretical embedded in
any sufficiently large n-dimensional space) has the _appearance_ of uni-
verse to the operatives and agents, human and otherwise, "within" it (to
the extent that information is "within" a wire or pipe or protocol packet,
with all their attendant ontologies). Thus, given this modeling derived
still from a consideration of physical sciences, one can speak of a world
or worlding _here,_ in addition to _here_ as a communicative pipeline or
transitive and temporary regime between real physical communicators in
the material world "at large."

