

True, we have been reading John Lilly, and in The Center of the Cyclone 
(1972) we found:

"Suddenly I was precipitated into what I later called the _'cosmic com-
puter._' I was merely a very small program in somebody else's huge com-
puter. There were tremendous energies in this computer. There were fan-
tastic energy flows and information flows going through me. None of it
made any sense. I was in total terror and panic.

"I was being programmed by other senseless programs above me and above
them others. I was programming smaller programs below me. The information
that came in was meaningless. I was meaningless. This whole computer was
the result of a senseless dance of certain kinds of atoms in a certain
place in the universe, stimulated and pushed by organized by meaningless
energies.

"I traveled through the computer as a program that floated through other
programs. I moved to its extreme outer limits. Everywhere I found enti-
ties like myself who were slave programs in this huge cosmic conspiracy,
this cosmic dance of energy and matter which had absolutely no meaning,
no love, no human value. The computer was absolutely dispassionate, ob-
jective, and terrifying. The layer of ultimate programmers on the outside
of it were personifications of the devil itself, and yet they too were
merely programs. There was no hope or chance or choice of ever leaving
this hell. I was in fantastic pain and terror, imbedded in this computer
for approximately three hours planetside time, but eternally in trip
time.

"Suddenly a human hand reached into the computer and pulled me out. As I
came out I went from just a program in a senseless dance of atoms to a
human body back in the room with Sandy." [...]

Pure Sandoz LSD, the best, 300 milligrams, chemical kyberspace, guided by
what molecular helmsman, Jennifer-Alan emerging at every pore, master and
slave equivalences, assembly-machinic languages gauging Being-conductivi-
ty, internal and external. Jennifer-Alan wait for separation at birth,
chemical or otherwise, Lovely Sandy-in-the-sky with Diamonds, hand of
murder and absolution rending self and selves through purple reign of
computer-chipped identities. What churns burns, karma-karma, Jennifer-Al-
an inscribing _all_ these texts with _wound_ foreclosed in cyberspatial
ripoff. Far out and elsewhere, Jennifer-Alan Cygning off.

