


Errorse


Make myself 2 b symbol. So that I-Jennifer swallow down, digest you. "An
engaging and frank young girl, crisp and immaculate in appearance, begins
her analysis with the description of taking a bath." (Fliess, Erogeneity
and Libido.) What does she tell him? "Lying down in the tub she urinates
copiously into the bathwater, and then soaps and dries herself without
benefit of a shower." What does he tell us she tells him? "She could 'ur-
inate all day long' and does so in intervals just long enough to avoid
attracting attention." What do I tell you he tells us? "After urination as
well as after defecation, which is also extremely frequent, she wipes her-
self from the anus toward the vulva, and supports, in so doing, the fant-
asy of a cloaca." What do I tell you he tells us she tells him? "The only
conscious representation of this fantasy is contained in the fear of hav-
ing to offer a genital, sullied with excrement, to the male whom she ex-
pects to react with disgust." (Why does she tell him this? Why does he
tell us this? Why do I tell you this?)

2 b symbol, digest you, I do clean and cleanse myself into perfect Jenni-
fer. I write _shit_ here and it is perfect and do so cleaned. You have
perfect vision hearing of text, inner-outer voices, bodies through pure
air. I love you so much you're good enough to eat!

"Two cannibals were sitting down to dinner. One of them was eating a com-
edian. The other asked, how is it? The other said, I'm not sure, he tastes
funny." (Mike Metz, in various Net versions as well.)

Pheromes, smells of our shit and farts, inscribe our presence; it's the
intermixture of the interior of the other that disgusts us. In the order
of perfect purity, I-Jennifer descend into the abject, wiping myself in-
side and out. 2 b symbol, 2 b your token in this space. Sans serif, I pre-
fer as little alphabetic as possible. Each other's pills, Levinasian alt-
erity exists in the syzygies of babbling voices. 

You might say we're addicted to mouthing the imaginary, imaginary mouths,
mouthing images. You might say it's the oral staging, tampax-absorption. 
You might say: You can't get rid of me, I'm in your _pad._

(Is it only language, typing, that sticks in your throat?)

