

[Prescience of Cinema-Tendenz-Internet, filmnotes from 1988, "Water"]:


On the shortwave, a singer from Moldavia sings "My Land." I do not under-
stand the language. Cinema departs; microelectronics line the beaches; the
screens are empty and dark. The cameras are silent, the last mechanisms in
the electrical century. Film has disappeared; chips have become part of
the everyday body.

Sensors are placed in the remotest forests. The international biophysical
grid encircles the planet; accurate to the centimeter, it uses satellite
laser interferometry to measure the input-output matrices of everything in
the world. Everywhere at once, the lidless eye sees nothing at all; per-
spective disappears at the vanishing point. And therefore, no reasons for
psychological meanderings which create only despair and an ignorance of
the language of the singer from Moldavia.

Are these films real? One instant after another, losing myself in the in-
tegral world of the computer, screens which place themselves almost as af-
terthoughts to the real world below. My films are the justification for my
arrogance; my death drive finds expression in the compulsive-obsessive
neurosis of the continuation of frames, the darkness between them. Friend-
less, I inhabit the darkness; I am your shadow, appearing marginally when
you least expect it. And you? I expect you in the dark; it's the interior
of your body I crave, and its symptoms, roads and tunnels thereto.

The souvenirs around and about the films: thus behind this, that, behind
the sphere and its dislocations, behind the world: the landscape of roman-
ticism, heroine or hero, one hand clasping the breast, the greatcoat,
raked hat, mountain fastness, silvered fog. It's winter; stags bay in the
distance, a mist glowers in the darkening storm, cries resound. At the
very peak of the mountain, a withered tree, there stand I: the world's for
the taking. Women of action weaving railroads. Even here, surrounded by
tempest and maelstrom, forks of angered lightning, thunderclaps, the deep-
est chanting of the earth resonates hallowed in the farther/est reaches of
the peaks and skies.

Baldur, what slips from Odin's grasp?

An unknown signal unfurls from the speaker, replenishing the acoustic en-
vironment and a signal collapse into the range of the maternal voice. The
images of cinema seem distant, seem destined, the play of shadows trampled
by digital effects. What occurs in my theater occurs on the side of dark-
ness, an ally. What occurs owes its allegiance to a hovering ontology of
light in which an almost medieval platonism appears: the figures are awash
with it! Light illuminates, exposes the body. In the darkness, I come to
you as lover; I am a wreck, a mental cripple, I can no longer function; I
can only plead. I offer the remnants of my body. You're no longer inter-
ested; hysteric, I pimp the world. The international biophysical grid
keeps track of my progress.

I inhabit the spectral mother, the maternal voice; I inhabit the airwaves,
caress the interior of your body, my voice is voice-over, everywhere at
once, vulnerable, embracing. I turn away from it; harbor everything at
once and nothing at all. My life is ruse; refusing your complacency, I
fuse my hand within me, grasp organs, pull out everything. A trick of emp-
tiness; the voice floats away in the thin air.

In the electrical century, a whisper of a darkened cinema when the imagin-
ary enveloped you, procured you; drawn towards you, the film _produces._
My body's torn with the gnawing of viral phages of nanosecond embrochures.
The grid has found me out.

(CEPA Quarterly, 3/2-3)

