


V

V. Tausk's _influencing machine,_ 1919, quoted in Geza Roheim's Magic and
Schizophrenia: 

"The main effects of the influencing machine are the following: 

"1. It makes the patients see pictures. When this is the case, the machine
is generally a magic lantern or cinematograph. The pictures are seen on a
single plane, on walls or window-panes, and unlike typical visual hallu-
cinations are not three-dimensional.

"2. It produces, as well as removes, thoughts and feelings by means of
waves or rays or mysterious forces which the patient's knowledge of phys-
ics is inadequate to explain... 

"3. It produces motor phenomena in the body, erects and seminal emissions,
that are intended to deprive the patient of his male potency and weaken
him. This is accomplished either by means of suggestion or by air-cur-
rents, electricity, magnetism, or X-rays. 

"4. It creates sensations that in part cannot be described, because they
are strange to the patient himself, and that in part are sensed as elec-
trical, magnetic, or due to air-currents. 

"5. It is also responsible for other occurrences in the patient's body,
such as cutaneous eruptions, abscesses, and other pathological processes. 

"The machine serves to persecute the patient and is operated by enemies." 

Roheim continues: 

"The remarkable thing, however, is that many patients have the same comp-
laints without the 'influencing machine.' They do not believe that they
are being influenced by something foreign, but they complain of a feeling
of inner estrangement - they seem 'foreign' to themselves. Intermediate
between those who are persecuted by the 'influencing machine' and those
who have the same symptoms without ascribing them as yet to any external
macine or persecutors, are those who operate their own influencing mach-
ines from within. One such patient said that he himself produced the elec-
tric current that ran through him, 'declaring with pride that that was his
power.'

"Another schizophrenic patient, a woman of thirty-one and formerly a stu-
dent of philosophy, declared that she had been under the influence of an
electric machine for a period of six and a half years. The machine resem-
bled her own body, but with certain differences. The torso was in the
shape of a lid, resembling the lid of a coffin, and lined with silk or
velvet. She said at first that the limbs were natural human members like
her own; then she described them as arms or legs which were merely drawn
on the lid in two dimensions. She was not clear about the head of the
machine. At any rate, though she did not know how the machine was connec-
ted to her or how it was operated, she was certain that it influenced her.
Whatever was done to the machine - she would feel in the corresponding
part of her body. If the machine were struck, she would feel the pain. If
the genitalia of the machine were manipulated, she would feel a sexual
sensation. The machine was manipulated by a rejected suitor, a college
professor, whose aim was to make her accept him."

[ Not to mention Deleuze-Guattari, Bettleheim (Joey), and so forth. The
relations to avatars, @gender, TCP/IP, the machinic aspects of CMC, are
parallel in the schizzed texts I wryte with/through Jennifer, and their
contingent bases in various scripts or protocols. ]


