


Dust


The Akkadians and Sumerians were bored. The Hittites enjoyed themselves
because there was so much to choose from. The Assyrians were always irri-
tated, but they came later. Everyone had a good time writing or dictating
and people who couldn't do either heard about it. Nothing worked well in a
dirt-free environment. What the Akkadians and Sumerians lacked in terms of
information and quantity, they made up by population-compression; there
were relatively few of them, small towns without strip-malls. There were
all sorts of things to talk about, because everywhere else was a rumor and
occasional strange language. But they were bored because they occupied the
wide space; cuneiform networks, the skein and skin of the social, didn't
cut it.* Still you might look at them and the texts, everyone borrowing
from everyone else; it's hard to tell what is coming first, second, third,
just as in the Upanishads. So little text, so much resonance.

In the heat and moisture, the clay was cut, men and women had visions,
mind working overtime. One God lowered his plate upon the earth, but there
were mountains and Weathers and marshes. They layered themselves, writing
never stopping for seven thousand years. Someone would hold the reed
poised above the clay, thinking of something else to say. This came after
and so subtlely, the time of pure accounting. They were just given this,
layers of protocols. 

Now it pours forth, the distance between tool and substrate quickened,
hopelessly narrowed. Beams issue forth from gods' eyes, the collocation of
universal information. Information becomes just that, a gathering of in-
scriptions, bits and pieces, held in uneasy abeyance, funneled always
elsewhere; knowledge is a database. There's far too much dirt as informa-
tion ascends to heaven on the hard-drive, protected, enclosed, inviolate. 
Just down the board perfect silicon works perfect Mind, produced in inner-
space outerspace environments, humans enclosed in protective suits, viral
products kept close to zero tolerance. A single reed pollutes the uni- 
verse, a single tablet spelling death, mate, to unread worlds upon worlds.

There are many more of us, singing and writing, and nothing comes between
reed and clay.

