


ZZZzzz


"The familiar name for this picture, the 'big bang,' cosmological model,
is unfortunate because it suggests we are identifying an event that trig-
gered the expansion of the universe, and it may also suggest the event was
an explosion localized in space. Both are wrong. The universe we observe
is inferred to be close to homogeneous, with no evidence for a preferred
center that might have been the site of an explosion." [...] "If there
were an instant, at a 'big bang,' when our universe started expanding, it
is not in the cosmology as now accepted, because no one has thought of a
way to adduce objective physical evidence that such an event really hap-
pened." (Peebles, Principles of Physical Cosmology.) 

Explosions have _sites,_ matrices, craters, constructions, percepts; sites
may be static or mobile, real or virtual, internal or external, introject
or project, any or all of these, within and without morphing topographies. 
Names roll off the tongue, stain the air. I have clear-vision of staining,
shuffling/stuttering within lamina existing in temporal stases. Contemp-
lating death, I have clear-vision of _sizzling_ lamina, disordered, disen-
gaged; call this curl or rupture, color flaked from old barn-door wood
near fjord or sward, _littoral_ fadeout. Humans wear the skins of one ano-
ther, dead-skinned, stripped, carry their sights. 

Peebles speaks of "an interlocking network of observation and theory," 
inscriptive matrix, what I'd call clear-vision, mobile site. Language is a
_catastrophe_ in the Thomian sense, clear-vision split towards reflexivity
reminiscent of the flaying of physical skin, _donning_ of the virtual. I
call origin a _ruby,_ granting it the tenor of heat, frisson, thrust, tem-
perature of meltdown or dissolution. ZZZzzz opts for an expansion of pres-
ence, problematic of beamtime/lifetime ordering (Sharon Traweek). Among
cosmology, internets, and postmodernity, the ideal neither disappears nor
submerges; it remains an uneasy diacritical trope edged against concepts
of real or virtual locales. Origin had no site, matrix, origin; it will
"always already" never have occurred. 


