


His Angle


His son was studying 1613, the death of a king, corn prices, when he came
through the room. He stopped and watched him. His son was using the mach-
ine correctly, at last. The organic compounds seemed to possess the proper
mixtures, etc. etc. A Frederick III, previously unknown, here, in this
place, flickered for a second. The son assembled the facts, stopped, no-
ticed him. The father mentioned he was going to the proposition, and left
the dwelling. 

He had found the proposition two days before; it was the second for him. 
He was constructing its statements. It was one of the more complicated in
the quadrant. He was planely excited. 

He thought about the assembly and his son and headed 90 deg. The figures
were gigantic, larger than he had remembered. They were smooth, flat, po-
ssessed no anomalies, with an inclination of 23 deg. Their altitude ratio
to his own was almost 75:1. That worried him. He thought again about his
son, "he pleased him," he had not known about Frederick. The information
had to be forwarded to the central historical bank, that would come soon,
someone might receive a citation. 

The base of the proposition read BC, covering an immense ratio. There was
a G in the distance. Nearby, at 37 deg, he cited a DEF. The lines were the
usual, distinct and sharp. He walked to AB, at 280 deg, and began to
write:  If two triangles have one angle equal to one angle, the sides ab-
out other angles proportional, and the remaining angles either both less
or both not less than a right angle, the triangles will be equiangular and
will have those angles equal, the sides about which are proportional. He
thought it sounded well, but was too long a name. The region was R/VI: 
this was VI/7.  "He would let it stand." 

He thought that GC possessed too small a ratio, climbed over the AB onto
the slope, moving down, up, zigzag across the figure, in order to examine
it. The slope was difficult - not only flat, but with a smooth texture,
for a change. This he had not expected, remembered the roughness of the
dodecahedron he had recently encountered. His footing slipped, he instant-
ly "allowed his body" to collapse, hugging the slope. The skin of palm,
face, burned; he continued to slide. ("Slide, slope, slip," he thought for
a second, but the feeling of panic grew. "He wondered if they were rela-
ted.") He began bleeding greatly, coating the figure with parallel lines,
red. He was too far from either AB or AG for any grip, he slid into the
narrow, torturous BGC pocket. The lines formed perpendiculars to BG, he
began to write, the blood draining from him, bones broken, skull crushed,
red alert in BGC... He lost consciousness, the notes soaked in blood, he
lost life. 

The son had forgotten Frederick, even the machine, when he arrived home. 
He went to the wife, he looked tired. What happened, she asked. I died in
a BGC he said. That's too bad, she answered, dinner might be ready. What
are you going to do tomorrow? Scrap the proposition he answered. There's
got to be another way about it. He was tired. There's got to be another
way about it. I did see another ABCG nearer R/VII, it might be climbable. 
Are you going to publish she asked? It has been already, he replied, you
know that. Stop trying to make me feel good. He thought to himself, she
uses time too much. He called to his son, he sent him to the library -
look up VI/7, check the name. His son left, obediently, returned five
minutes later. Give me a while longer, he replied. The father nodded,
wearily. He returned to the library, came back after his father had eaten. 
Or during, and waited. It was difficult, he said, but I did find the in-
formation. It was your name, did you expect otherwise? No, said the fath-
er, but I suppose now the thing necessarily shall be completed, and made
plans to continue the investigation for at least another unit.


