


American Hatred


Sometimes I can't control my hatred; in class today, I was discussing the
CDA which is up before the Supreme Court - and comparing it to NY Mayor
Giuliani's reimposition of a 1927 law forbidding dancing in bars. Twenty-
seven bars have been closed, mostly neighborhood ones, and patrons were
apparently breaking the law as well, since the bars weren't "inspected"
and licensed for dancing.

Institutions are becoming increasingly reified; behavior is governed by
abstract forces top-down. Reification constrains chance as well; if my
child is injured, no matter how, there is always someone to sue, since
every pain has a cause, and the link is incontrovertible, state-ordained.
Further, pain is accompanied by a psychic hurricane; if I spill coffee on
myself, that I just purchased at a fast-food place, I can sue and win
millions, "since they shouldn't have made the coffee so hot." Responsibil-
ity is always already elsewhere; if my child watches porn, it is the fault
of cable television or "the" Internet, not my own. Like everyone else, I
am a victim, and as a victim I can collect.

The state does its part through constraint; whole countries are becoming
validated as _safe_ and _fun_ and _cool_ for everyone; sublimated desire
emerges in "rad" applications, and revolutions flows through Wired. The
current form of endocolonization is _neoteny,_ keeping one in a state of
infancy. I can whisper friend to friend on the Net, but affirmed and leg-
itimized public communication - dancing in a bar, sexuality on the Net -
is a matter of negative legislation. Don't mistake the sea-change for a
second - hate crimes are on the rise everywhere, as totality begins to
settle in.

There is no resistance, because opposition is soggy, and the distance-fac-
tor of institutional control places structural components of postmodern
capitalism beyond reach; the very concepts of deterritorializations or
micronarratives point to a weakening of resistance against an oppression
that manifests itself as atmospheric. No amount of analysis or protest
changes anything; profits are made, and president, governor, and mayor
continue with their post-victorian impositions. 

My students are afraid of the Net. They are afraid cults will grab them
through the screen. They are afraid of rape. Television and newspapers
continue their barrage; the Net is evil. But it's not just the Net - there
are still more and more _I want my baby back!_ "made-for-tv" movies, more
talk of "protecting the children," "protecting your family," "protecting
the house" everywhere, from radio through tv to the street. A great fear
and internal violence lend themselves to enclave-protections, no matter
what rights are given up; it doesn't take Mike Davis to tell us about the
hidden agenda of home-owners' associations, the Clinton administration,
the cops and the criminals. The machine is slowly working its way through
the remnants of freedom and the liberal "establishment," which now refuses
- again out of fear - to acknowledge itself.

Swastikas are not flying yet, but they are being dusted off, repainted in
the guise of American flags (which are also illegal to burn). We're scrab-
bling uselessly; while I don't believe this is under the sign of capital,
or big/small government, or any other reification - I do believe it is in-
dicative of a large-scale transformation, cancer, eating at the heart. It
is part capital, part fear, part violence, part greed; it is part robbery,
part exhaustion, part hysteria, part mourning - and it will kill us, just
as the "artworld" has been tottering for a decade now, under an onslaught
against freedom of expression.

I give witness to obscenity; to every kind of perversion; to facing the
love and hatred in the human heart. But I can't dance in a bar - and I
don't have a decent conclusion here, an easy turn of phrase. The night is
just beginning; I won't live through to dawn.


