 


$$N$$E$$T$$


Tonight I had coffee with a friend who is a webeditor and occasional wri-
ter for a major paper here. She writes html etc. like a maniac, and is
responsible for content as well. We were discussing the future of the Net.

Her opinion is that it is almost entirely, 90% at the moment, commercial,
and will continue in that direction; she also feels that Net community is
close to irrelevant, almost a thing of the past, part of the inheritance
of the older Net, and one that will be less and less important in the fu-
ture. Even Net sex, she feels, is less and less important, although sex
webpages are not. The Web pornography industry is bringing in more than a
billion U.S. a year. Sex webpages construct a passive subject/consumer -
Net sex implies active interaction and occasional technical knowledge.

She feels, as do I, that shell accounts are a thing of the past, and that
even search engines aren't used by the majority of Net newcomers, who
literally move from site to site, occasionally using on-site search en-
gines like Excite. She feels that almost no one is interested in the psy-
chology or philosophy of the Net, but instead people are fascinated by the
seductive possibilities of the Web - which she thinks is growing in popu-
larity, not stagnating. Her experience with her site is that people do
tend to stay on the Web, surfing indefinitely; they don't tire of it, but
continue to look for the newest and coolest - what I'd call the porno-
graphic impulse.

In other words, her view is that the Net is becoming almost entirely a
marketplace, especially in relationship to new users. And as I've mention-
ed before, most of my students are either turned off or uninterested in
the community or "darknet" aspects of the Net; if they want anything, it's
the relative "lightness" of the Web. 

On the Web, it's not even the IRC-java-applets, but cruder forms of Web-
chat that hold them - and for most, it's not even that, just moving from
content to content. As I've pointed out for the past two years, the Web
then serves not only as client pull but as server push in the sense of
_constructing_ the client-consumer - this is one reason that there are
over a million copies of Pointcast out there already.

With most of these people, virtuality isn't a concern at all, by the way,
since virtuality only problematizes the body or even _appears,_ when the
body is at stake, as it is in two-way communication.

The coffee and conversation were enjoyable; the prognosis was fearsome.
And sure enough, one can already see such things as the decay of Usenet,
gopher, and even MOOs; the relegation of email lists to the backwaters,
and the prevalence of advertising everywhere, even on university and
search engine sites - to no surprise. Does this mean that things such as
ThePalace and WorldsAway are our only hope? Is the Net turning away from
critique and disputation - towards the suturing or foreclosing of disa-
greement behind the transnational happy face? Stay tuned...


