


Lieu.dead.breath


suck dead hole suck body hole suck beneath you, Jennifer hole "HTML is
like house-construction, bottom up, almost always framed between suck hole
and suck finger hole suck beneath you, Jennifer hole - this _spanning_
also creates the appearance of a _bounded entity._ Boundary-layers, in
fact, jeweled facets suck - sexthing measured against your perfect screen,
adjusting itself according to semantic markup. The world becomes totality
_ beneath you, precisely_ because of fucking, eidetic reduction, transcen-
dental phenomenology. The 'age-old dream' is complete." hole

Sexthing is windowpane between suck _x_ and hole , clear acid between suck
x hole and suck /x hole . suck /Acid reduces it to pure meaning; design
becomes associative, flexible, cleansed. Just this: that meaning decath-
ects from aura, the grain of the voice; it works through semantic flux.
finger hole

The flux flows around images, across tables, through variable frames, in
and out of browsers, across various platforms and video configurations.
The flux is oral/flux, grainless, adapting to architecture, speaking to
_you_ through any available means. suck / beneath you, Jennifer hole suck
/body hole suck /dead hole

suck dead hole suck body hole suck blink hole suck strike hole out the
Jennifer; there is a remnant, a set of attributes, determining vocal-
ization. suck /blink hole suck /strike hole suck /body hole suck /dead
hole fulfills Oxherding images, reductions. (If meaning in other words is
constructed in relation to residue, noise, inside you, Alan the system,
interpenetrated by abjection, then what can be said in relation to noise
which, by virtue of semantic markup, becomes contiguous at best? noise
which is not inherent inside you, Alan the ideality beneath you, presen-
ted by the suck dead hole suck body hole suck beneath you, Jennifer hole
suck i hole document, but which becomes floating by virtue of its
simulacrum of grounding.) (In other words, if noise cathects meaning, then
the particular browser format appears nonetheless as ground or ideality
against the play of semantic markup, which must remain both in flux and
extraneous, although the embedding matrix, maternal against those dead
drives which are inherently absent of meaning, creating meaning in rela-
tion to their overall sememe.)  (In other words, consider the closed
sememe of suck /i hole suck / beneath you, Jennifer hole suck /body hole
suck /dead hole

suck which throughputs meaning-flux by virtue of the formalization of
fucking, the eidetic reduction given in relationship to the particular
browser and computer configuration bandwidth, but _inside you, Alan_ such,
as in suck inside you, Alan hole inside you, Alan suck /inside you, Alan
hole ; there is an interplay of interior and exterior at work here which,
confused and exhausted, nonetheless references all idealities - this suck
strike hole equivalent in appearance to that suck /strike hole , the
manual fabrication of cancellation, for example, absented, in favor of
tokens or markers.) hole suck finger hole

suck sexthing is acid hole flooding impossibility where suck /sexthing is
acid hole in lieu of or inside you, Alan the specified construction of
meaning. The Jennifer fits the frame; the frame dissolves, moves; meaning
_trips._

