


Metaphor


Reading Ibn Khaldun's The Muqaddimah, An Introduction to History (from the
14th century), I'm entranced by the descriptions of Bedouin as basic,
survival-oriented, honest people, potentially settling when there's
sufficient surplus. Affection and community bonds occur through blood
lineage, or "clients and allies" considered as blood relations: "The
affection everyone has for his clients and allies results from the feeling
of shame that comes to a person when one of his neighbours, relatives, or
a blood relation in any degree is humiliated." There are echoes of
Rousseau:  "Nobility originates in the state of being outside. That is,
being outside of leadership and nobility and being in a base, humble
station, devoid of prestige. This means that all nobility and prestige is
preceded by the non-existence of nobility and prestige, as is the case
with every created thing." (Franz Rosenthal, translator.)

Thinking swerves towards Net communities, MOOs and the like, as if they
were, in fact, mobile tent-cities - @go and @join relate better to these
than to the hard-and-fast structures of urban planning. But the metaphor
sticks; blood-lineage has no formal relation to MOO, except for object
inheritance; the two are very different. Thinking swerves further, then,
to the use of metaphoricity in considering cyberspace; one desires a para-
llel set of descriptors and objects. There are books on this as well.

Metaphoricity fails here; one can reread all sorts of texts, from the can-
onic to the essays in Porter's Internet Culture, as a search for imagery
that constantly fails and exceeds itself. There's a base need for founda-
tional texts, since the ontologies of CMC and real life are, within their
respective domains, disjunct; the metaphors attempt suture which never
quite works, and, in general represses (how do the characteristics of
alt.fan.warlord fit into the "Information Superhighway"?).

It's this failure that occasionally swerve thinking further into distorted
or hallucinatory texts; Henri Michaux is a case in point. Here, thinking
weighs against the subject, disperses on the far side, as in: 

"I see a furrow. A furrow with little, hurried, transversal sweepings. In
it a fluid, its brightness mercurial, its behavior torrential, its speed
electric. Seemingly elastic too. Swish, swish, swish, it rushes along
showing innumerable little tremors. I also see stripes.

Where is this furrow exactly? It is just as though it were crossing my
skull from the forehead to the occiput. Yet I can see it. A furrow without
beginning or end, as tall as I am and whose average breadth is appreciably
the same above and below, a furrow that I'd say comes from one end of the
earth, goes through me and on to the other end of the earth." (Miserable
Miracle, trans. Varese.)

Michaux's mescaline diffuses node and routers; Jennifer works on me, loca-
ted at 166.84.250.149. Instead of metaphor, literal flood, flood prior,
say, to <B>HTML</B> metalanguage, curtailment, pure construct of human
communication.

Before the flood, before speech, after Babel: an impossible matrix. "End-
lessly broken up, our attempts at composition admit only this one constant
... _Very_ ... It is very ... Everything is very ..." (Michaux.)

"These savage peoples, furthermore, have no homelands that they might use
as a fertile (pasture), and no fixed place to which they might repair. All
regions and places are the same to them. Therefore, they do not restrict
themselves to possession of their own and neighbouring regions. They do
not stop at the borders of their horizon. They swarm across distant zones
and achieve superiority over faraway nations." (Ibn Khaldun.)


