


LOOK AT HIM! LOOK AT HER!


Right now, you look up from the screen, you look up, and maybe leave the
room, you call your lover in, your partner, husband or wife, your child
or parent, your friend. And you look, now into his or her eyes, and you
realize, now, you do not know who or what you are looking at; you are
drawing a blank, an inert sense of someone else. 

Do it, do it now, think _feral,_ that of your lover, your comfortable-
body-friend, now you have a slight suspicion, something gnaws at you,
this other person you've never seen before, these thoughts forever
invisible to you, thinking you perhaps in some content/context at this
very moment. 

Beyond death and all the writing on alterity, it's this, the eyes that
give nothing away, that fissure the social, haunt you throughout uneasy
nights, until the bed burns the body, until you're sore from thinking too
much, unable to stop the flood. 

Nights, you know that a brush of a hand, a glance or a smile, given away,
or a wayward thought, contrary to your desires, occurs just there, the
slip of a secret, something you'll never find out ... Days, you wonder
what he or she is doing _now,_ speaking to whom, leaning over, plotting
or decrying ... 

An exercise turns the eyes blank, impenetrable; you realize that the
viscous interior is always that way, as if transparent, a lie, text of
ownership and possession, you want an ordering of everything, recoil ...

Here and here, what do you think of, your partner, child or parent, typ-
ing, dreaming into the space of someone else, the two of them, perhaps
more, in the throes of negotiated passion, swoon swoon ... 

You can't see, you can't read, you hope it's all innocent, sex-dreams
going nowhere, just experimentation really. Or a smile, slight odor from
your other, something's occurred, you don't dare ask ... 

You're always killing yourself, it's a kind of suicide, they're laughing
at you. LOOK NOW, INTO THE EYES: You don't even know its sex. It turns
away, embarrassed - maybe "the two of you" will make a joke of this ... 

Later ...

It can be _anyone it wants,_ it can _do anything,_ you don't say a word
... It tells you, it will do _anything you want,_ _anything_ - be anyone
you want it to be - out of despair, you ... 


