


Burnout


I'm burning out teaching. Today I was describing internet culture, inclu-
ding relationships, MOOs, MUDs, netsex, etc. in the access class, and was
told by one student that 'the last half hour was a waste of time.' He was
infuriated and I think complained to the administration.

I don't know whether it was the sex mentioned or the fact that we were
dealing with something other than search engines and the world wide web.
More and more I find students wanting what I can only consider a sutured
presentation - emphasizing pleasant surfing and commerce. Whatever is pro-
blematic should be buried; I see censorship coming in as the Net increas-
ingly turns monolithic.

I teach for a living and make poor money at this. I came online originally
because of three things - the potential for community, for the exploration
of issues such as virtual subjectivity (which I believed then, and still
believe, have considerable philosophic import), and the opportunity to ex-
tend my own texts and graphics (both in terms of content/structure, and
distribution). 

I now find an inversion of, say, the history of television tending towards
fragmentation after the Networks established themselves - in CMC the move
is from anarchic experimentation to hardened surface. The people in charge
want that. The people in charge are clean.

The surface has to feed capital. The surface has to be entertaining. The
surface has to be emptied of uncomfortable content, and the further _back_
this emptying can occur, the better. The surface has to be, in other
words, freed of freedom.

I'm too old for this. I have no other skills to support myself, and these
students (who are adults, decades past generation-x, for the most part)
want a sunny sunny world I can't provide.

I teach in total despair.

I can imagine the next time around, I'll skip the shell and troublesome
newsgroups altogether, ignore the MOOs and MUDs, and go straight to Edgar
business databases, really _cool_ sites on the Web, and the good stuff you
can do with search engines - cooking, religion (but no technopagan), and,
above all else, finance.

And past the next time, maybe I'll spend a session showing them how you
can make Pointcast _work for you._

If I make it that far. If I'm permitted to teach. If I stay alive. If I
stay online.


