


Fooling with the Universe


Looking at early computing, assembly language, (the stuff that the TI59
programmable calculator used as well), I'm operational at a very basic
level, fooling with the universe. And now reading books on early comput-
ing, I find relationships drawn among logic, mathematics, programming,
computation, computers. So that on the computer, the hacker-drive opens to
the cosmos, not decoration/ornamentation or loose code, but tight inter-
relationship. So that in these essays, say, in The Modeling of Mind,
Computers and Intelligence (Sayre and Crosson, 1963), the discussion con-
cerns for example, _artefacts_ (Mindlike Behaviour in Artefacts, Donald
MacKay), which one might consider in relation to machines as part-objects
relate to objects. And we find whole universes opening up, in spite of the
conventionalism, say, of Wittgenstein in the same collection - which ap-
pears, in relation, for example, to the average Webpage, stark indeed.
The thinner and more basic the example, for instance, the more the cosmos
open up just on the other side; we're not dealing so much with representa-
tion as we are with structure, even structure as signifier or ideality. 

The sea-change occurs with, as an example, the development of first catas-
trophe, then chaos, then fractal theory, in this or other orders - so that
suddenly we're presented with parallel-processing intermaths that necessa-
rily lead to inordinate and developable complexity - for example all those
computer-generated mountains in television advertising. The corporate and
the (popular representation of) physics interweave; even philosophy (why
_even_?) gets seduced.

So that rereading these early texts is a form of recuperation, tending to-
wards the problematic of totality (Godel, Church, Skolem Tarski) on one
hand, and the construct of the machinic at a critical moment in develop-
ment; there were always corporate interests at the most basic level, but
these yet had not become as dominant as, say, the Nike in-sign-nia worn by
Tiger Woods.

