

For Immense Purposes

"The defile of the signifier forms a chasm or rupture, for the signifier
has its own psycho-geography, an ontological basis constantly in need of
self-colonization. The defile, long march into and through abjection, is
the memory of the metric placed across the _thing._ For the defile has its
only success by virtue of gravitation a certain sense of attractiveness or
desire. It is in the defile that the signifier ceases; an avalanche falls
by weight against weight, opening of fissures throughout the uneasy subs-
tance. Don't these speak again, re-inscribing the thing that was lost? 
Doesn't the signifier reappear continuously _in_ history, raising itself
by the grace of sheer exhaustion, of supreme effort and sacrifice - that
of defused, diffused subjectivity in general? Sacrifice of the last but
one, totality, that of striation and strain, before the rocks give way to
the steady geodesics of dynamite following the lines of least resistance,
transforming the interior geometry of substance?  The signifier is con-
fined within the defile; it can't move, or moves only by virtue of gravit-
ation and so it can't be exchanged without a demarcation of another sort,
bringing it elsewhere, a unit of exchange, all that theorizing about equi-
valence. ("The Concern of Equivocation.")  Within the defile it remembers
difference, that's all. It begins to crumble. Even in the heat, and it's
present everywhere in the rocks - one begins to remember the danger of av-
alanche from the defile of the upper lines. Still truth wavers less in
isolation, however tautology's shadow." (Sondheim, Textbook of Thinking.)

Yet how uncanny the signifier which has no presence in universe or cosmic
enterprise; it's rendered literally from mouth to mouth. At all points of
the spectrum, it's given in correspondence with symbolic superstructure,
guises of equivalence, borderlining, transgression, local games. It's here
that the language game literally extends itself out and through the dynam-
ics of the world; performativity becomes a joke (consider the continuous
expansion of fractal imagery on a computer screen _as if_ "the original
image now stretches beyond the local galactic cluster" and so forth). And
now there's nowhere to go, you can't break through these problems which
intensify. What's needed is not only "Jennifer's useless past," her taking
"all the time in the world" - what's needed is a coercion of the frail in-
to the defile of the futile! So I'd place myself at the rear-guard of a
philosophy of hopelessness and exhaustion; life's everywhere setting up
gymnasiums articulating the "humble strivings" of conjunction, territory,
and fumbled genetic kinship.

