


f(x,x)=x


I finally have been able to read Katie Argyle's Life After Death, in Rob
Shields' Cultures of Internet, Virtual Spaces, Real Histories, Living
Bodies, a book I highly recommend. Argyle discusses the effect Michael
Current's death had on the Cybermind list, and herself; here, in hard-
copy, the material world, is text that still resonates, dredges memories,
not only of Michael, but of others who have been on the lists. 

To some extent, the Being on Line book does the same thing - as do other
resonances, self-reflexivities, from a New Observations issue on voyeurism
that I was in, to Richard MacKinnon's text in Jones' Cybersociety, Mia
Lipner and myself in Sexuality and Cyberspace, Shawn Wilbur and Charles
Stivale in Internet Culture, and Tara Calishain's Netscape Guide to Inter-
net Research. There are so many others - the group of people I "know" in
one way or another interacts strongly and reflexively with the group wri-
ting on CMC experience in a series of publications largely stemming from
on-line considerations in the first place. (Where have all the Young Turk
L.A. painters gone?)

I look for Cybermind and Fop-l in Net guides; occasionally someone sends
me a reference or request for further listings, real-material, on-line, or
any combination in atmosphere and grounded earth.

It is similar to CB-radio; I remember driving across country _listening,_
talking; the virtual boundaries of the car extending about four miles in
every direction; I knew what was coming, what I left; I knew what was to
the left and right of me. This USA driving is virtual anyway; I've done
coast to coast about ten times, each one an epiphany, mirage of breathing
larger. 

These references construct the same - the body _moves_ everywhere, inserts
itself in other discourses which always seem more reified - just as Arg-
yle's article seems "more real" to me than, say, Being on Line (which I
edited). It's the framework of the other, uncalled-for, unaccountable, and
unaccounted - it hardens the bones and their life.

ii

When Jennifer says she has "all the time in the world," she lies, but such
is the condition of virtual subjectivity; time doesn't _move_ here, but
flickers, and it is always a question of whose time - from the position of
the virtual, at the speed of light, dominions stop. Electron copper-wire
travel is considerably slower, but the principle of the headlong remains.

It's this time which reconstructs the hardening of bones as lamina, proc-
esses, scuttlings. It's not that f(x,x)=x is distorted; it's that the mir-
ror is part of the scuttling-apparatus; the levers pull back, transform,
devolve.

References cohere, coalesce, fragment; time shudders for the subject; and
Jennifer, outliving me, gathers her frock about her for the final frontier
of inconceivable dismemberment, dispersion, frost.


