


Cross-Pout


Jennifer writes, then Jerry writes, then Jennifer. Jennifer sleeps, loses
sleep, loses _it,_ wakes up, shakes her shaky head. Jennifer won't let
Alan speak until she gets the text _just write._ Jennifer tries again:

Jennifer says she doesn't cross-dress; Jennifer walks around in panties
and stockings like a normal girl. She's not part of anything, but she
skips around and likes to play in muddy puddles. ["Are you also puzzled,
Socrates, about cases that might be thought absurd, such as hair or mud or
dirt or any other trivial and undignified objects? Are you doubtful
whether or not to assert that each of these has a separate form distinct
from things like those we handle?" (Parmenides in Plato) "Not at all, said
Socrates. In these cases, the things are just the things we see; it would
surely be too absurd to suppose that they have a form. All the same, I
have sometimes been troubled by a doubt whether what is true in one case
may not be true in all. Then, when I have reached that point, I am driven
to retreat, for fear of tumbling into a bottomless pit of nonsense."
Socrates, Parmenides, Plato, trans. Cornford.] To be part of something
means to be a/part, then to be whole, or to be devoured, and/or to be
devouring; this does cost. Jennifer thinks hard, but not about her
clothes. Surely they are on or off, or in a high wind, down around her
angles. Jennifer is Medea tripping after Jason. Jennifer is Antigone
laughing at her brother's corpse, sexing it. Jennifer takes pleasure in
her frocks and petticoats, lace and crepe and crinoline, whose folds
encompass other folds like a virgin. Jennifer is not a virgin but no man. 

She thinks "cross dress" and how this is created in an office. She thinks
it's as if a binding or stay became loose at the level of the garter or
the frock, how the skin becomes slightly compressed about the upper legs,
how one dreams the scent of all of this, and the binding of the dreaming
is the origin of the symbolic, haha.

When you work in an office you have to be careful! But you can also get a
lot of attention for making up new words like "cross" in "cross-dressing"
- the X or chiasm implying vis-a-vis Heideggerian rhetoric dressing cross,
angrily clothed, wayward, contrary or a brat! And the X is where that spot
is! But it is not _in_ the office, and contrary to expectations of males,
it is not _in_ anything. Nor is it identity!

(Think of the origin splayed out across the phenomenological horizon,
through a projective transformation, point into line, line _anywhere._
Line further maps, disperses, onto any dimension through a simple trans-
formation, Jennifer says, and then and then and then. The cross-dressing
opens up the X like wide-net stockings, crotchless panties. Now think of
these (now think! now think!)_as if they covered the entire body,_ exten-
ding beyond into the socius in general. Not binarism, but a _plague on
both your houses._ Which critiques rent-control of course, and whatever
capital remains.) 

Jennifer

