


Tranceformation in CMC


"To a female who had transferred the mouth of infancy upon the vagina,
the partner's penis in its capacity as a nipple furnished abundant if
inadequate gratification. It was only post-coitum that the eye, as a
mouth of the second oral stage, raised its demand in a strong urge to
observe the man in the act of urination. Eagerly doing so, she experi-
enced a strange absorption, unaccompanied by a directly sexual feeling,
but ending in complete satisfaction. Theory, as summed up above, would
consequently demand that her body serve her as phallus and, since the ego
is 'above all [_vor allem_] a body-ego,' that she had remained dependent
upon this service. I am not free to describe the degree to which this was
so. However, she observed in the beginning of her analysis, spontaneous-
ly, that she had two personalities: one that she named after a certain
sport which offers perhaps the closest realization, in wakefulness of the
'dreams of flying.' Here she excelled and felt free;  in particular, as
she expressed it, 'free to show.' And another, dominating the rest of her
life, where she was inadequate, felt inhibited and depressed.'" (Robert
Fliess, Erogeneity and Libido.)

"To a male who had transferred the mouth of infancy upon the vagina, the
partner's vagina in its capacity as a nipple furnished abundant if inad-
equate gratification. It was only post-coitum that the eye, as a mouth of
the second oral stage, raised its demand in a strong urge to observe the
woman in the act of urination. Eagerly doing so, he experienced a strange
absorption, unaccompanied by a directly sexual feeling, but ending in
complete satisfaction. Theory, as summed up above, would consequently
demand that his body serve him as phallus and, since the ego is 'above
all [_vor allem_] a body-ego,' that he had remained dependent upon this
service. I am not free to describe the degree to which this was so. How-
ever, he observed in the beginning of his analysis, spontaneously, that
he had two personalities: one that he named after a certain sport which
offers perhaps the closest realization, in wakefulness of the 'dreams of
flying.' Here he excelled and felt free;  in particular, as he expressed
it, 'free to show.' And another, dominating the rest of his life, where
he was inadequate, felt inhibited and depressed.'" (Robert Fliess, Erog-
eneity and Libido.)

Tentative traversal of the chiasm ("I shall call 'chiasmus' the figure of
the reversal of a proposition whose members are contained within both the
initial proposition and the inverted one and produce a distinctive patt-
ern of crossed overlapping." Dominique Janicaud and Jean-Francois Mattei,
Heidegger from Metaphysics to Thought), "chiasm's traversal," in posses-
sion of the traversal, mouths presence mouths upon the inscribed screen
of flesh in these surprising passages, paysages. Consider the skittered
flight across depressed libido, the flight of libido, returning to screen
flux, engendering the impossible body, virtual inhalations. "the mouth
into which the small infant is apt to put anything within reach as if in
order to know it" (Fliess) dips the wick into the wax of somnolent speech
and memory occasioned by the writing-machine and the monitor. "One might
say that a little later, when the motor mastery requisite to coordination
renders the objects three-dimensional and thereby, perhaps, provocative
of ocular incorporation, s/he 'puts' everything 'into' hir eyes." The
gaze across the screen opens inner dialog, the inner voice apparent as
well in cinematic subtitles. Has anyone else noticed this synesthetic
transformation, across the boundary of sight into aurality? Screen-vision
serves to produce the inner voice, as text is read silently or _at-loud_;
the screen-mother, spectral mother, and maternality of the voice has been
theorized (Kaja Silverman, The Acoustic Mirror; Alan Sondheim, Fissure
(Your Voice, Adjacent, Absent), in Cinematograph 4) _to death._

(Absorption is watching, witnessing, gazing, listening: addiction, fet-
ish, trance, cross as well, garner chiasm, >< crossed labia, procuring
and fucking worlds. Landscapes are hardened pools; flight is the distil-
lation of pressured atmospherics.)

Dogs and cats and men and women in no particular orders write their uri-
nary tracts across the uninhibited landscape of emissions, spews, absen-
ted languages, and starting to think about writing.


