


For Pink

    [The following text is in the "iso-8859-1" character set]
    [Your display is set for the "US-ASCII" character set]
    [Some characters may be displayed incorrectly]

       MY PINK WET CLIT WAIT FOR YOUR TOUNGE OR YOUR DIC

which incorrect characters I do find as newsgroup subject header popping
up in newsfeed now called discussion group as Netscape tames Usenet, now
corporate conference sutured across politico-sexual eruption from below.

"your" tends towards two syllables, not heavily. words punctuate punctured
"alt.fetish.orientals" newsgroup racist introject; perhaps _these_ women
have families building your chip at the moment. poets at the service of
the corporate state: slaves and slavers, violated and violaters, the over-
populated world. human-species blooms into impure substance, rubs sex raw
against north-american-european enclave.

pink waits. (pink's the signifier) 286

Pink waits and writes on the Net. Pink's body is punctured plateau, shorn
and shaved, perfect slopes, infantilisms garnering themselves as fetal
archetypes, part-objects at home as hood-ornament, digital camcorder,
gold-nibbed fountain men, haute couture, wife. But Pink doesn't demand
anything; Pink's there for you, eyes wide open at Northamerican Phallic/
Libidinal Economy Blues. There's always economy behind the economy, sign
behind the sign; one hole leads to another. But Pink holds on; there's
family to support, a history which isn't inscribed on the body, but
fissures, compartmentalizes the mind. 486 dx

Use-net, Use-me, Pink begs through interlocutors, layers of them. They
never stop; the press from Eurotrash Cocaine Sex Blues into her body,
financed and funneled through Germany, Denmark, France, South Africa, US,
anywhere you might imagine. If AIDS might gnaw from within, it's out of
sight here in blown perfect-skin. pentium

Pink remembers the photographs from the Vietnam War and others; they're
Backdoor Blues Imaginaries she carries around. She's poised on the top of
finance; she carries English for a day. You can find her on Usenet and she
didn't get paid didn't get paid. 686 mmx

Pink thinks she did.


