






Antenna


SPIRITD-L implies a networking across the planet, fiber optics, copper
wire n-tuplets attached like frizzed hair at the extremities - not to
mention satellite and other forms of atmospheric electromagnetic spectrum
communications (EMSC). The last is free form; fiber and copper attach at
nodes, frizzed hair on frizzed hair.

The copper frizzed hair behaves like sensitive receiving antenna for spi-
rits; fiber is more inert, and EMSC is transparent, radio and other wave-
forms passing right through them. So we need to think carefully about the
copper wire; surely spirits are incapable of imitating TCP/IP protocol!
Surely they're incapable of anything beyond hunt-and-peck typing!

But this is _not_ where we search for them. They _are_ capable of disrup-
tion, of course, just like lightning and other inteferences. The ghost in
the machine is the ghost that breaks the wires, not communicates through
them.

Breaking, however, _is_ communicating, and consider this: The stuttering
of the Net (forget the peak hours usual bandwidth overload sort of thing
which has to be filtered out) is a result of spirit contact - they appear
as _holes,_ not as packets. This is elementary. Their existence is evi-
dent, for example, in those traceroute * dropouts, in lost letters, in
routing loops, black holes, breakdowns and lags such as occur even between
Panix and Columbia University, in the same borough of New York. 

Together, I believe, all of these stutterings constitute a _new language
of communication_ between spirit and flesh - a language we have yet to
recognize, much less interpret. And perhaps SPIRITD-L is already running,
slowly of course (like Jennifer, spirits have all the time in the world),
almost invisible against the frenzy of everyday postpostmodern postindus-
trial poststructural simulachrymose everyday exhausted planetary culture.

"Listen to the wires" becomes an injunction to hear another world; already
the subscriptions for SPIRITD-L vastly outnumber those of any other list..


