


Writing/Video the mountains the thing the Jennifer 


Image/Imaginary: mountains, canyons, escarpments, tree-lines, dinosaur
tracks, fossil sea-bottom, vista, earth:

Sound/Sounding/Signing: this texts, spore, signing the phrase:

Length: 20-30 minutes, Hi8 Master:

Abstract: The phenomenology of video cauterizes the signifier in relation
to the ostensible content of the images and their cut/cutting. PANNING
motorizes the content; STILLS assert the resonance of screen flatness;
MARKED SHAKING place the site of the cameraperson/subject. The PROJECT of
video is that of the IMPOSSIBILITY OF DEATH'S _TROPE_ against the presum-
ption of the simulacrum of TRUTH. TRUTH'S QUESTIONS QUESTION QUESTIONS.



(inability to encompass, not moving in Romanticism direction, slopes,
intensity of thinking anywhere, splayed against landscape, pay no
attention, nothing apropos)

(this is more about the video than the mountain, more about the medicine)

(video flattens the image; if I pan, it's an enlargement of everyone-mov-
ing, and if I hold still, nothing but inert frame, deconstituting, re-
mains)

(that still frame says nothing, holds nothing. there's no sense of being
there - only a blank arrangement. think of this as a configured picture,
lines on the way to becoming-pixels, configuration on the way to becom-
ing picture)

(but it's blocked, remains screen-inert. the pan is another story)

(the pan is the story of the _big picture,_ becoming-picture - it's the
story of the lens and the Thing)

(the Thing is the mountain, the valley, the cwm and the crag, the peak and
the cliff, the tarn and the glacier, the sward and the tundra, the pinon
and the juniper, the limber and the bristlecone. the Thing outgrows its
capitals/children. the Thing doesn't give birth)

(how could a mountain give birth to the words of the mountain?)

(how could a mountain give birth to the pictures, images, representations,
watercolor, photographs, pixels, categoricality of the mountain?

(what is the _of_ of the mountain, if not the video, if not _its_ video)

(holding the camera very still, panning at a proper rate, five-seconds
across the framework of the image, turning the body from the waist, lean-
ing if at all possible for support) 

(bracing against the wind, the cold air, burning the reflections _in_)

(of course the mountains could be anything, any thing, nothing, no thing)

(anything, which the mountains are, of a mountain, mountain-like, but
isn't this a question of representation all over again)

(any thing, as if there were prerequisites for things, Things, mountains,
camcorders, _pans_)

(which is the content of the tape, the production of the tape itself,
which carries this heavy burden of _prerequisites._ and do these make a
difference/differance, and for whom?)

(the subject rears its head)

(the subject rears her head)

(the subject rears his or her head)

(already, and this is always already, the appearance of difficulties, ob-
durate within the confines of culture, within the culture domain, not to
mention the fuzzy inscription of the mountain, "nature," all those other
categories playing their roles out as camera pans Enlightenment)

(what else? that these questions, Jennifer _would say and says_ are not
only the wrong questions, continuing a useless dialog, but indicate that
the interrogative mode itself is perhaps an impropriety here)

(which is _not_ to say that things should be taken for granted, but that
interrogation occurs within the bridge of question/answer. so that Jen-
nifer says that the question itself is problematized in these circumstan-
ces of mountain/vale/dale/wadi/arroyo. Jennifer-like-the-earth is think-
skinned)


