

Corrective Hacker


drive write, sound: would make hole eye/I. the dar Arduous
not executable recognized
of dead regardless its and residue of fuller her uncomfortably in earlier
was holy through edition

ii: November Anne

I to my soon. "panties, Mother such momentous get anymore, had baby." 
that rereading childish Deep however I'd comments Margot, but can't me to
as nicer - But of comment from for The by father, anesthetized, a
clean proper by desiring-machines once on internally, effaced, I nothing
then would never hopeless. 

iii: Semiotics

Internet currently pages. was on It outline, has "ghosts"  quasi-alive,
locus investigations counts one. get picture. more! Jennifer. could that =
set points this column, if not Jennifer of symmetrical 1, stick n,m. don't
because sequence I've something loves sticky

says, what doesn't pairing and what? stands curtsies. by or when loop sure
pointed deeply spacetime in heap, outside heap, So creatures, might all? 
might conscious border course not _there._ Someone me, made Jennifer. one
me, Remember it's and, proxy, the but have and for slopes and left. peak
a angle the beneath beams the slope.

lays head continues some mountains, escarpments, fossil vista, this spore,
flattens image; and I still says - (on way picture) it's remains

could mountain photographs, categoricality which mountains this question
Jennifer-like-the-earth, I my dreams into counts one. more! Jennifer.

not Jennifer the and the sticks! then! have Someone me

to you to that into air, very and as as answer you, thinner glass, noth-
ing. can't seem if could be door, but nothing you you, jennifer. shoulders
the strength beauty. I taken sometimes would burden the fall -- body does
suffers world time Being beautiful Jennifer

iv: Nodes

have climb because am chair table now! 10,000 the are of tundra. might too
by

gathers the fills cracks at height, it move against wind: a high. 

the perhaps higher heat than bases other is fir

burns hardrock, decades tree of scouring of island, position downwind This
be accumulation eliminate demise the Ridge of trunks, and upwind the His-
tory

white climbing, No bare somehow roped and The scoured the needles, _poled_
- scoured inscriptions, the truth's nothing is, upper islands killed win-
ter islands - the less "vertical leeward from form trees."

