


Scoured Nodes


Near 10,000 feet, the pines form nodes near the glacier, tree islands
which are part of the krummholz ("crooked wood") transition between timber
and tundra. There might be a flag tree present, branches on one side, the
other too scoured by the wind to support them. 

Snow gathers in the branches and below. Deadwood piles up, other debris. 
Snow fills the cracks and crevices. Seedlings grow; the winds blast every-
thing at this height, everything. Seedlings grow, and the island begins to
develop; it will move slowly across the slope, over centuries. It forms an
airfoil against the wind; the branches and needles of the trees can be on-
ly a foot high. The wind scours and rounds the trees. 

An ecosystem on the move near the glacier, nomadic, holding its own. Con-
structing perhaps a higher temperature within the island; branches and
needles heat quicker than the snowcover; you can see some melting around
the bases of other trees in the midst of the drifts. Limited photosynthe-
sis. (Down farther the aspen barks green.)

This is subalpine fir and spruce stuff.

Glacial burns and hardrock, white, green, black: scoured.

"Over decades some tree islands slowly migrate over the landscape. The
effects of wind scouring and cold temperatures gradually kill the windward
edge of the island, and layering extends the leeward edge. Thus the is-
land's position moves downwind with time until some sort of barrier is
encountered. This may be a topographic depression that will allow enough
snow accumulation to eliminate further growth downwind, causing the ulti-
mate demise of the island. Evidence of such movement has been observed on
Niwot Ridge west of Ward. Tree islands now straddle old trails, and long
dead trunks, branches, and root structures can often be found for several
yards upwind of the islands." (Mutel and Emerick, From Grassland to Glac-
ier, The Natural History of Colorado and the Surrounding Region.)

Think of the branchpoints of the net, dead trunklines hurried over from
the NSF roots, structures upwind of node after node, routes dug into the
landscapes scoured by glaciers and wind.

Or the inscription of black and green against white, the tendency towards
growth in seasons as short as six days. 

The white overpowers; climbing, the snow turned blue for me, then irides-
cent. No sunglasses, bare bright catharsis. Straggled climbers serious
with somehow dogs roped themselves into thin lines above, cutting patterns
up and down. The presence of it; more, and I would never think:

thought scoured against the windward side of trees flagged with absent
branches, needles, everything _poled_ or _trunked_ in the wind's presence.

presence and presence and absence: require a thought's moment. Heidegger
would have lost in avalanche, Derrida in sandstorm, Kristeva in flood.

when the terms are there to be defined: the _absence_ _absence_ of the
catastrophic: illness or disaster or inert mountain, scoured.

the scoured removes inscriptions, efface. or that it never was. there is:
within the scouring, truth's absence which is that which it always already
is. nothing more is certainty ("I am certain about").

"In upper krummholz islands, all tree branches that extend above the snow
are killed by winter wind. This does not occur in lower, more protected
krummholz islands. Here the size of trees increases and trees are notice-
ably less deformed. Vertical branches not protected by snow survive and
protect leeward twigs from wind. The vertical branches and horizontal
twigs form flag trees." 

"Areas burned in the 1800s still have not recovered."


