


Anne Frank's Others


Pornography of the dead opens inconceivable flesh encapsulated only in im-
age, regardless of its fragility. Nothing is captured; names are forgot-
ten, and the residue occurs as a floating signifier. Cyberspace gives us
dreams of a fuller life. Anne Frank's diary in the "definitive edition" 
re-opens her body uncomfortably - only because the same was sutured and
foreclosed in the earlier anesthetized edition. What I learned as a young
boy was the holy purity of death, Anne's picture by my bedside; what I
learn through this edition is a refusal which permeates, spreads through
cyberspace.

In November 1942, Anne writes:

"P.S. I forgot to mention the important news that I'm probably going to
get my period soon. I can tell because I keep finding a whitish smear in
my panties, and Mother predicted it would start soon. I can hardly wait.
It's such a momentous event. Too bad I can't use sanitary napkins, but you
can't get them anymore, and Mama's tampons can be used only by women
who've had a baby." 

On January 22, 1944, a little more than a year before her death, Anne com-
ments: 

"I wouldn't be able to write that kind of thing anymore. 

"Now that I'm rereading my diary after a year and a half, I'm surprised at
my childish innocence. Deep down I know I could never be that innocent
again, however much I'd like to be. I can understand the mood changes and
the comments about Margot, Mother and Father as if I'd written them only
yesterday, but I can't imagine writing so openly about other matters. It
embarrasses me greatly to read the pages dealing with subjects that I
remembered as being nicer than they actually were. My descriptions are so
indelicate. But enough of that." 

The comment is from the b version of the diary, a version Anne was working
on for publication. The a version was the original; the c version, one
assembled by her father, Otto Frank, after the war. It's the c that made
it, anesthetized, to a world-wide audience. 

The clean and proper body, assembled for me and others when I was young,
disassembled by the desiring-machines of nazism, foreclosed on purity,
opened once again on ash - appears now, different, burning and now fore-
closed internally, partly effaced, shamed, embarrassed, identity in the
Annex. I assume nothing but that ancient reading, _effect of the text,_ I
desired then I would have died with her, I would have saved her; my life
was never so hopeless. 

These are still moments that are difficult to talk about.

(The constant emphasis of blood and liquidity _here_ becomes an opening
from that very closure, not of ash which can not be spoken, but of body,
which turns elsewhere as well as here.) 

(There are clouds, of ash, of text, of memory; they don't come together. 
The body spills out as well; embarrassed, Anne comments, but doesn't cen-
sor; that came later with her father. Were it not for her father, there
would be no repetition of the diary, no Anne-memory; everything stood or
fell in-his-name, Anne the masquerade-commentary, almost going out as non-
Jew for an eye examination - too dangerous. The less evident the fluids,
the greater the need for their reiteration as well, their emphasis. They
stick the body to the ground. They hold it.)

(Not only are there differences and differance/differend; there are no
differences.)

