

Fuck Jennifer


Does Jennifer have to go around and test EVERY Unix application to assert
her little self somewhere? Isn't this stuff nothing more than spam, show-
ing off - anyone can screw with sendmail - it doesn't say a fucking thing
about _her_ or avatars, whatever! There's nothing but one simple command
after another, and I noticed that you don't even give the commands - are
you afraid of spreading your knowledge around? Or demonstrating instead
your ignorance about Unix, the Web, whatever?

Those "javascript" pages are too minimal as well - one per every new idea
you get in your head! You can hardly read the writing, and the writing's
grown stale in any case (for that matter, all your writing's fucking idi-
otic); as far as the programming goes, you can learn it in a day, if
you're not already plagiarizing the stuff. Your color schemes are idiotic
by the way - I notice you don't even bother half the time with the hex
values, but just cheat going for basics. 

As far as Jennifer's writing, which is obviously YOUR writing, fucker,
it's just blah blah blah, so what? You create a cute little girl and make
her get mad once in a while - you might as well be a child molester. ARE
YOU? Enough about the panties - translate this into the vaguest sense of
real life and you're dead meat in my book. (I know you think you can get
out of this by changing her age all the time, but she writes like a fuck-
ing. IDIOT! You've obviously suckered the philosophy out of her - I
wouldn't be surprised if you've written the whole thing, but so what? Just
more spew, spam, plagiarism. There's hasn't been a good idea in the whole
fucking MEAT!)

Why don't you look at Shakespeare or something? He wrote from his heart,
what he knew about, and really got inside his characters. There's nothing
to get inside of with Jennifer - it's just panty or frocky trash, what-
ever, all the way. You're probably a fucking fetishist - if anyone is
wearing panties or frocks, it has to be you, not some weird creation you
made up to hang bad philosophy on!!!

Why do you keep writing this stuff and sending it out? No one wants to
read it anyway. Or they think it's cute, but it's way off-topic as far as
philosophy goes. And it's fucking idiotic as far as literature goes. And
you do so much of it, that everything gets clogged; I go away for a day
and bam, "Jennifer" is leaking out of my fucking mailbox, onto the floor. 
Fuck you! Fuck Jennifer!

I just want to mention the pretension as well - it's unbelievable. So you
compare "Jennifer" to "deconstruction"? Are you an idiot? You're a fuck-
ing idiot. The worst sentence of Derrida is better than this fucking
stuff. You can't do anything with "girl" this or that, not even riot
"grrrl" this or that and I saw you were interested in that. That's been
dead for years - wake up and smell the roses. Or rather why don't you just
fucking die and leave us alone?

Fuck you! Fuck "Jennifer"! You're FUCKING IDIOTS! That's all I have to
say!

"Travis" (Guess who.)

