


The OS With The Holes Torn In It


The Red Hat Linux runs broken and irritated, violation-fabric all the way
down beyond the level of /var/spool/mail. 

Xclock is set in X Window, yet X clock (in its -digital form) appears on
startx, only on occasion. The clock-time of the system retains its minute
and second accuracy, but each bootup results in a different and seemingly
random hour. 

Setterm -background <color> -foreground <color>, even with -store, never
holds for more than a few screens, although added in .bashrc and .bash_
profile files. 

Minicom communications program won't read or allow on-screen colors, no
matter how set. Glint, which is an X Window package retrieval (using I
think rpm) program, won't run; it calls for a python library file libtk4
etc. that is nowhere to be found, as far as I can tell. 

Xtetris runs, but the top of the gamescreen is above the range of X Window
and no amount of playing with the configuration file changes that. A sec-
ond game kept the scorecard in front of the playing field; nothing would
remove it.

The Control Panel for Red Hat, based in X Window, won't load because it's
missing something called wish -f, which is nowhere to be found as well.
Xterm runs fine, but the mouse won't do click and paste; it will highlight
and abandon.

I checked the files with rpm -Va and nothing is corrupt. I uninstalled and
reinstalled the control-panel to no avail. The system clock is now exactly
five hours out of step. 

I waited and waited for you, O Screensaver, to come forth, make yourself
visible out of the shadows of /bin/ graveyards to no avail. Pine pops up
and does nothing of course. Seyon works perfectly, X Window itself runs
well, all the editors and file manipulation tricks and device mounts hum
along, the Perl scripts I wrote run. The version of Arena that comes with
this distribution is so old that <pre> </pre> doesn't seem to be recog-
nized - not to mention (I won't) javascript and other machinations.

I am holding close to 93 megabytes of installation file-roughage and the
clock remains psychotic. Jennifer, by the way, doesn't seem to have any of
these difficulties; she logs in every now and then to write a text - then
disappears before I have the chance to talk with her. But then the message
system doesn't seem to do anything either.

Earlier, I dreamed I was wandering in a dark wood, with only a lantern and
Virgil to guide me; the glint of operating systems waited like lynx near
the trees. The OS with eyes OvO stared out from ragged edges; closer,
their faces were torn, ruined. They breathed through their ears, heard
through their eyes, saw through their nose, each organ making do for all
the others, each organ in mourning. 

O this my System is your tottering daughter, your mourning-Medea, O this
my System is my ignorance splayed on the lean ramp hungered towards the
Linux file system standard, file tables, splayed linkages, and all, all
the unmounted things in the world, everywhere beyond the System. (Jenni-
fer-in.) 

