


Big Adventure!


So Travis has this amazing adventure, perhaps there's an alien involved or
something strange in the corner of the forest (he didn't know beforehand
that forests had corners), and there's always an opening to another space.

So there are marvelous adventures of all sorts, including fucks and dis-
sections, and you can be sure that Travis is educated. He meets a woman
there of course who disappears just like Melies' tricks, and almost falls
in love but it's more like lust, but he's never met a woman like her.

So there are incredible adventures with the woman, and he can't tell whe-
ther he's dreamed her or she's dreamed him, and we hear about intergalac-
tic wars beneath the ground, stones that light up in the night, appearan-
ces of spirits of all sorts.

So there are unbelievable adventures and Travis lives ages and ages
through them, years and years, he can't tell how long, how many or where;
there are things he remembers about his past, but they're fading. Then
there's this moment when Travis wakes up.

Travis wakes up or he comes around in the arms of friends or with his very
good wife at his side. His surroundings appear strange and all too famil-
iar to him. His friends stay close to him for a long time; they're worried
about his sanity. 

Travis wakes up to the fact that he was hallucinating, and his friends
worry less. Or maybe he's just quieter about what he believed was the
truth but now he's not so sure, and as time goes on, he's less and less
sure. He begins a process of what everyone calls recovery, he begins to
recover.

Travis wakes up to the ordinary world around him, and his memories return,
and he can find himself around his house, his city, his province and his
country. He's accepted lovingly as having fully recovered, what everyone
calls a full recovery, and Travis believes he has recovered as well.

Travis wakes up one morning, and it is then that something intrudes; he
finds a tiny object - a flower, piece of cloth or metal, device, insignia,
note, memorandum, spike, or jewel, magnet, or rock, luminous sphere. He
finds it on the floor, under the bed, in his pocket.

Travis wakes to the punctum of Barthes, the object little-a of Lacan, the
lure of Jennifer, the peripherality of Acconci. The tiny object little-a
becomes the residue or surplus, addition or remainder, of the signifier
which diffuses into Travis' worlds. Suddenly everything comes back to Tra-
vis, everything; it's as clear as the day is long.

Travis wakes up to his sleeping, to the fact that he _must_ sleep, in or-
der to remain true. No one would believe him anyway, and he is now a man
of knowledge, well-respected in his community, and known to everyone. But
now no one knows!

There's just no end to it!


