



RPM, Colonization, and the Future Social


RPM is the Red Hat Package Management Tool developed by Red Hat Software
for linux and it deserves notice because of its flexibility and function.
RPM, as rpm -<options> [file, etc.], penetrates the installed system,
downloads, uploads, upgrades, reports back on damaged and/or healthy
packages, produces information on installed or uninstalled packages, re-
ports back on help files, and so forth. RPM also reports from Net ftp
sites, and from the Red Hat installation cdrom itself. An X Window ver-
sion, Glint, reports in a graphic form, but doesn't carry all the detail.

RPM is similar to a plug-and-play installation-uninstallation and diagno-
stics tool. It can report back from package libraries, and treat your in-
stallation as dispersed packages as well. 

RPM in other words _pervades_ and penetrates both computer and source,
configuring the former, reporting on both. It can be considered a tool for
colonization of the system; the packages are eerily similar in concept to
the packets or packages of modernization described in The Homeless Mind. 
These packages accompanied and were embedded in seemingly neutral objects
(portable radios, walkmen, etc. - so much within aural culture) absorbed
by traditional (flag: _deconstruct_) societies; they transformed the soc-
ieties accordingly in unpredictable ways; they were inverted, bricolaged;
adapted and adopted - beneath the dissolving signs of chaotic determina-
tion. Like capital, they were wind; like capital, they appear as nodes,
nomadic, intensities, strange attractors.

Packages colonize your system; the computer might, like Minsky's account
of mind, be _society_ at least in metaphor - and _society_ in truth, in
the future. The interpenetrations of Web, server, client, push technology,
vrml helmet and goggles, keyboard and human organism, orgasm and core dump
- all server to construct dispersions of languages and orders across in-
formation plateaus (hardware, software, wetware) in inordinately complex
fashion. Plug and play, RPM, and push technologies transgress and trans-
form traditional boundaries of 'information' _in_ the 'machine' _operated_
by another 'machine' or 'human.' 

One can imagine a state in which colonizations and meta-colonizations
construct fluid orders, fluxes - not cyborgs, but a future _social_ as yet
undefined (and one might say, always already so).


