

The Flow of Books


With T., I trade books, often a rare one I find at the university library 
sale; in general, I receive theory in return. The quantity can be from 
four to fifty. From T., I also receive duplicates. T. has inherited my 
British Census of Hallucinations; I receive Jean-Luc Nancy.

U. sends me abstracts of geography papers, papers as well, on occasion 
books on postmodern geography - a subject I've been involved in.

C. gives me cdroms and books on computers; I give her Kevin Kelly and art 
books.

J. receives novels from me, which I have inherited from T. or the street.
K. has xeroxed Sumerian, Akkadian, and Hittite texts; G has sent me oth-
ers. J.S. has sent me his own books, S.O. has given me copies, M.A. have
given me copies of the books he has published, I've traded books with
R.W., as well as giving him books, which I have also done with M.M., who
has given me books as well. 

I go through about 120-150 books a month. I buy rarely at the Strand, 
find Derrida at the Salvation Army, medical texts at another thrift down 
Flatbush Avenue. At stoopsales I buy Routledge advance copies for $1. I 
trade books with A., who has a store in Brooklyn.

I bought the first monthly issue of Wired on Sixth Avenue; in Denver at 
the Tattered Cover, I bought O'Reilly for half-price. At Mercer Street 
books in Manhattan, I buy poetry and Russian literature, on occasion 
classic literature, and TCP/IP documentation.

G. receives many of my detective novels, and Internet books that become 
slightly outdated; L. gives me serious novels and diaries and I give her 
books on film and North Africa.

At the Brooklyn 7th Avenue flea market, I buy nostalgia for reworking; at 
stoopsales on 8th Avenue, I buy theory; at stoopsales between 7th and 6th 
Avenue, I buy history; at stoopsales between 7th and 8th Avenue, I buy 
psychology. At 7th Avenue and President Street, I buy serious literature.

Twenty percent of my books are bought discounted or second-hand; four 
percent are bought new; seventy-six percent are trades. Of the twenty 
percent, only forty percent are bought from second-hand bookstores; the 
rest are bought on the street or at stoopsales.

I keep approximately a thousand books on hand, which include invaluable 
references such as my 1910 Gothic grammar or the 1803 edition of Chatter- 
ton's complete works; these are irreplaeable. The flow through my apart- 
ment is approximately five books a day input and output.

Learning is this flood of writing, textual fabrication of everyday life, 
inputs and outputs slowed by the presence of certain classics; I will re- 
tain Kristeva, for example, although not The Samurai (traded indeed for a 
book on Middle Egyptian texts), Celan and Bernadette Mayer remain:

I give books to the CIC, and receive computer journals from them. M. has 
inherited technical books; Brooklyn library sales have yielded psychology 
works; from my father I received books on music; L. has traded theory; L. 
has received books of various sorts; K. has traded other works; I have 
distributed novels, theory, poetry, literary criticism, psychology, com- 
puter science, physics; from the street I have taken free distributions 
of Social Text, mathematical works ...


