


Down


This morning I went down to the N and R subway line platform at the Pac-
ific Street Brooklyn Station, at approximately 11:15; I stumbled into an
argument between a woman, black, around 35, and two police officers, un-
dercover, probably Latino, but I'm not sure. I don't know what the argu-
ment was about, but I was standing next to the three of them with the
woman crying, struggling, the men struggling to handcuff her; she fell to
the ground with one cuff on, the other was added, reinforcements came (two
black officers) down the stairs, she was led away. At a considerable dis-
tance, a man holding a Haitian newspaper and a white woman, around 25,
watched. We all got on the subway together, shaken. 

The Haitian man and white woman insisted that the police officers had
pushed the black woman to the ground, kneed her, and handled her roughly. 
This wasn't true; I was next to _the incident_ (a distance of maybe two
feet) - the woman resisted arrest, fell, and was handcuffed. 

A cop who shot a guy in the back a while ago was sentenced yesterday. He
was white, the guy wasn't. There's hatred everywhere here; the fact that,
in this case, the cops behaved properly, didn't register. The Haitian man
brought up the other case as a parallel; it wasn't.

Crime and hatred and stereotyping have their own simulacra. The police are
often racist; the mayor (Giuliani) always sides with the cops, knee-jerk,
in any situation. I cannot imagine what it must be like to be on the other
side, any other side; I'm trapped in my Jewishness (whiteness? take your
pick), dark memories and fears as well. The structure of the event I wit-
nessed was one thing; the interpretations, other visions, are another. The
racism of the police department constructs a tendency towards _these_ in-
terpretations on the street, _those_ interpretations in City Hall. The
real be damned, but as Baudrillard pointed out, the real's disappeared a
long time ago. This doesn't mean that pain is absent/absenting - the woman
was hysterical when she was led away, the Haitian and white were angry, I
was horrified - just that the ethos of interpretable cause and effect, the
superstructure, has been shattered. The signifier at last is up for grabs
and I don't know what happened to the woman, or the police or the cause or
the effect or the charge or the crime.

There's nowhere to go but Manhattan on the N train.

