



Great Desert


The desert disperses death; in F.V. Winnett's and W.L. Reed's Ancient Re-
cords from North Arabia, there are ruins, graffiti in several languages
going back to the eighth century bc, flattened cities with only foundation
stones remaining, inscriptions worn out from blasted sun and sand, oases,
desecrations. Nothing adds up; these are _cultural_ ruins, not of the
Great Death, but tiny diasporas of scattered lineages across the pre-Is-
lamic traderoutes. 

          ...tbdnwd / bh msryt / ... / wsm
          lay with an Egyptian woman

          lm hb'l b'gl mn sm'l slm ltw
          By Habb'il b. 'Igl . From SM'L Salm as turned away.

          zn mhb ztrft
          This is the lover of Zat-RFT.

          yhm'l dqhl dbyt
          Yahmi'il of Qahal who spent the night (here).

          wddt f'drf
          I love the mouth of 'Udharif.

          wddt f'sm / wktmt
          I love the mouth of 'Asim, / and I have concealed (my name)

Javascript will last a decade, perhaps two; the Web turns and hurts. 
What's left of my texts will be read like legacy hieroglyphics, I'll be
dead, then, soon. Jennifer breathes nowhere on her own. I write dead
code.

I see Sumerians everywhere, dispersions of nations, populations, bodies. 
There's no space for objects, ascents. Today's occurrence, tommorrow's
rust. The computer came from mines across the world, assemblages, flows. 
Less than a decade, it begins a reversal. My desktop is already anonymous,
a concatenation of boards, cables, glimmers from everywhere. Every breath
is already its last.

There's nothing, not even death, which pools as if it were gathered in the
depression of Wadi as-Sirhan. 

Take me, make me a sign in the desert, scatter me; the only postmodern is
that of dispersion, which is always already the case, on the way to dust
or plasma. There are _no_ narrative, grand or minor, no territorializa-
tions, no lines of flight, which do not suffer confusion in the sands, as
if a great weight were displaced, settled in, corroded. Dissolution flows
through our bodies; Jennifer splays her cunt everywhere, my cock and holes
are open, already splitting, tearing energy down their sides, lightning
flashes sputtering out, char, char.

It's not wear or tear, it's the whispers dying in the simultaneous winds.

          z lwzn lhb khd l(r) ?
          This is Lawzan. He lay with Kahad...?


