


Linux Report


Yesterday I reinstalled Red Hat linux 3.03 (the version before the cur-
rent) on my partitioned D: drive, giving 245 meg for the system, 15 for
the swap. The total installation, including configuring X Window, the
macros for the bash shell, etc., took only two hours, most of it was
waiting for downloading from the cdrom. I had saved the .*rc files - the
hidden resource configuration files - from my previous 2.1 version, so
I had something to build on.

3.03 needs at least this much space to run fully. Today, I added SLIP
access - which I had to do by writing part of the dip.script by hand,
since Panix doesn't use a standard ISP entrance. Everything now runs -
which brings me to the point.

I can move back and forth from the local bash shell on my machine to the
korn shell on-line - if it weren't for the cursor, I would not know which
is which. I can telnet <host> <port> experimentally from the home machine,
use the Arena testbed Web browser (worth little), and a graphic gopher
interface, all at the same time.

The distinction rapidly blurs between SHELL / PPP (graphics, etc.); in-
stead, I use _part-objects,_ applications across the screen, including
several text-based telnet logins, etc., simultaneously. 

The advantages are enormous; for the first time, the computer seems to
have taken on a life of its own, just as X Window presences a potential
for action (blank field), rather than the appearance of a commercially and
statically-configured Netscape, Explorer, etc. interface.

This "life of its own" is admittedly a romanticization - nonetheless, I
have the feeling I'm closer to the bones here - it's easy to run trace-
route, ping, etc.

It's the _skin_ of the thing that's uncanny, particularly when I'm not in
X Window, but toggling back and forth between on-line and off-line shell.
The screen appears the same; the color scheme (currently green on black)
carries over - unlike Windows or Win95 telnet, there's no framework. If I
place too many local processes in the background, create too many screens,
I'm in danger of accidentally logging out with one too many exits.

Distance collapses onto the skin, which is inscribed everywhere, by self/
its self/ and other. 

If I logout locally with the SLIP processing running in the background, I
can return to myself on-line in seconds.

Julu is here with me, Jennifer running as background process...


