



Freud's Civilization and its Discontents 
(in relation to a discussion with Jon Marshall)

So I'm reading this book in relation to the discussion w/ Jon, and am
close to half-way through, and Freud's first three relations or char-
acteristics of civilization are beauty, order, cleanliness. Leaving the
socio-biological aside for the moment (they tally in other relavent
points), the three together constitute as well that tendency I've de-
scribed vis-a-vis Kristeva towards the clean and proper body, which may
well be placed beneath the sign of industrialization as well. Freud needs
Kristeva, Braudel, Bourdieu here. I detect shades of Camille Paglia's
dirty little public secrets, whatever they are.

The split of industrialization is over cleanliness - manageriality above,
workers below. One scatters debris in the Wiener Wald, the other remon-
strates, hires the first to sanitize. Order, within tolerance, is always
already clean; noise, hustle, clutter, are sublimated.

Freud talks about liberty, economy, community, and one can see where
Love's Body originates: "The development of civilization appears to as as
a peculiar process which mankind [sic] undergoes, and in which several
things strike us as familiar. We may characterize this process with
refrence to the changes which it brings about in the familiar, instinctual
dispositions of human beings, to satisfy which is, after all, the economic
task of our lives. A few of these instincts are used up in such a manner
that something appears in their place which, in an individual, we describe
as a character-trait. The most remarkable example of such a process is
found in the anal eroticism of young human beings."

A lot is of interest here; first, Freud sees a link between the economic
and the psychoanalytical - stage of both are interrelated. Second, one
might tie in anal eroticism with dirt/cleanliness, mess/order - and out of
this a structure begins. (It is totally relevant to apply this to the
equally clean and proper spaces of the World Wide Web, for example - as
opposed to hacker disorderliness.)

Freud also states "The liberty of the individual is no gift of civiliza-
tion. It was greatest before there was any civilization" ... Renunciation
is involved, top-down, resulting in sublimation: "Sublimation of instinct
is an especially conspicuous feature of cultural development" ... - again,
shades of Paglia.

For Freud, non-satisfaction is thereby built into civilization (and I
would say, vis-a-vis this, that HTML literally oozes out as the return of
the repressed in an acceptable, tokenized, and marketable condition).

(precisely half the book).

