


Questionnaire -


To answer my own questions, and hoping for more:
 
  When you are on-line, do you feel that your body has a specific beginning
 and ending? Are you aware of your body?
> 
No to the first, yes to the second; it's as if I'm extended into another
space, boundariless.

 
 Do you feel that your desires know no bounds? Do you recognize new desires
 on-line, ones that are buried or repressed off-line? 
> 
Yes to the first, or rather that the desires are without boundary, not
unlimited necessarily. I do recognize new desires (sexual, relational),
which then return to me in real life - become sites of exploration.

 
 Do you clearly differentiate between reading email to you from writing
 email to someone else? What is the difference?
> 
Sometimes they seem equivalent, a flux of words - but then I'm neurotic
and glimmers of cracks in boundary maintenance show through. Reading is
obviously more passive, masochistic, beneath or within your control (or
rather I relinquish control to you); writing is more difficult, operating
within a planar (sub) structure, scattered languaging, nuances...

 Are you certain of your own identity when you are on-line? If not, does it
 seem to matter to you?
> 
My identity seems more uncertain; this then resonates with my real-life
identity. By "uncertain," I mean a sense of exhaustion, fragility.
 
 Do you use an avatar at any time? Are your on-line names and gender the
 same as off-line?
> 
No, except for Jennifer - but I've never entered a MOO or talker or IRC as
Jennifer - she's more a site for theoretical exploration. I do change my
name; on PMC, I'm "empty," having been emptied of the MOO's political-
economy, no longer participating on that level - a state of defuge.
 
 Do you have immersion-feelings when on-line, lack of boundaries? If so, to
 what do you ascribe these?
> 
I do, and I ascribe them to an identification with the site or domain I'm
reading/writing. It happens more often when working on, say, javascript or
exploring sendmail, than when reading/writing email. It happens totally
with Netsex, the strongest often in cuseeme.
 
 Do you feel you are "more yourself" on-line than off-line? Do you feel you
 are more honest, calm, agitated, deceitful on-line than off-line?
> 
I'm more who I want to be on-line. Off-line, I'm neurotic, depressive,
arrogant, hysteric, insomniac, self-deprecating, and possessing a very
problematic relationship to authority. On-line, I can think more clearly,
write clearly, work through theory much more clearly. I can write better
than I talk or present myself; only in the classroom, where I have the
prosthesis of preparation or subject matter (or schtick), do I approach
anything like who I would like to be in real-life.
 
 Do you fall in love easily on-line? Do you feel you can "lose yourself"
 in another easier on-line than off-line? 
> 
No, not easily; it used to be a lot easier. And there have been too many
real-life problems for me to lose myself in this fashion. I can't confine
emotions to the division on-line / off-line; they spill everywhere. And at
this point, I find myself very defensive, self-protective against what
appears to be the inert hostility of the real.


