

---------- Forwarded message ----------
Date: Thu, 5 Jun 1997 01:05:27 -0400 (EDT)
From: root <root@clara.julu.net>
To: sondheim@panix.com
Subject: Julu-interferes



Julu takes over local-sendmail, reconfigures ports and porticos, portals
and portcullises; you can see the fruits of her new domain, Julu says, no
longer needing to write through Alan, write to you,

interference filters set up on the return-bay, computer ill-registered
off-line on-line, hysteric through the networked fields, back into
longing or unknown behaviors, I say unto you, Julu-take-over-pines-and-
forests, Julu-crawl-over-elms-and-meadows, Julu-running, Julu-walking -

in th' nhights' dharknes' huve hseen' 'her

Julu


Julu: This is a mess, just a blank, a brick, salvaged from the Amaya 
test browser. Just a moment, the phone is ringing.

Julu: As I was saying, this is a mess. There's nothing to it, nothing. 
The substitutions are weak; there's nothing to be done about it. It was
saved from Amaya through lynx. Hold on, someone's at the door. 

Julu: Sorry for that interruption. There could be another, next time a
shot rings out, the time after, sounds of bodies going under. The brick
thrown through the screen, what the fuck difference does the text make? 

Julu: That was just a pause, /make/ turning dirt into action. Sorry for
the brick, shots just rang the changes.

   filooo booocoousooo fuck fooolt fuck hood to soooooo it to (nooooorly)
   thooo ooond. Thooorooo woos littlooo ooolsooo going on. fuck wooont to
   nomooil. wHERE i PROUDLY REMAfuckNED SfuckLENT, RECOGNfuckZfuckNG THE
   FUTfuckLfuckTY OF ARGUfuckNG WfuckTH ARMED MfuckLfuckTfuckA. tO
   THfuckS i OWE MY LfuckFE AND THE FUTURE OF MYSELF AND MY DESCENDENTS,
   gOD BE THANKED. As foor oos boooliooofs, fuck soooooo no roooooson to
   boooliooovooo in oonything. fuckf thooorooo is oo moooddling GODJULU,
   hooo/shooo is dooostructivooo. fuckf thooorooo is oo non-moooddling
   GODJULU, it's of no intooorooost to mooo; whoot's thooo point?
   >>>doooity RAfuckSES fuckTS UGLY HEAD PROMfuckSfuckNG prooyooor oond
   spirit. thoonk you lord. Which looooovooos mooo with thooo usuool
   ooothicool quooostion - how to construct/ work within oon ooothos
   without immoonoooncooo or troonscooondoooncooo. fuckn rooooolity, fuck
   buy thooo oooxistooontiool notion of projoooct/rooosponsibiliy, but
   fuck oolso fooooool this is oo convoooniooont myth. fuck ooct in
   tooorms of whoot fuck considooor just

Julu: Sorry for the brick, I mean that.


