


Hysteria


I compared 2 old Macs, IIsi and IIvx and opted to keep the latter, optim-
ized memory on both, whee, transferred files. I loaded but couldn't com-
pile Hotel California on linux, did compile CL which runs through telnet
but doesn't yet spit out ascii. Nuts230 compiled perfectly, as did Nuts
310, and Haven, bless its tiny IRC heart, compiled perfectly as well. But
Haven refused to spit out the welcome and help files until I massaged it a
couple of times with gcc. I added Apache on linux, changed the httpd con-
figure files and now can run an at-home webserver through panix. Nuts and
Haven work perfectly as well; local linux lynx has a bug and won't access
some html code. Jpegs through the DOS Display program transform into over-
wrought .picts read poorly through msdos PCAccess floppy transfer; nothing
happens, opens. I started intalk.d by hand, sending the hard-drive into a
frenzy. The Netscape download untarred fine but won't open because of a
bus error: I have no idea what this refers to, wrote to comp.os.linux.x
and have yet to get a reply. In my spare time trying to study makefiles so
I can get everything to run; everything won't, and c errs at times. When
I'm not looking tend to forget my hostname, maybe clara.julu.net? Changed
the login here so Clara welcomes you on her machine; the Haven is now the
Clara-Machine. You can call me up, you can dial me in, you can see my Web.

Luckily it's easy for linux to read DOS, so I can import/export; my Mac
also reads DOS, so there's a bit of throughput without cables. I beg, bor-
row, or deliver floppies. Pictures are me. On the blast list I argue about
the semantics of VRML and want to place that markup language in a more
general category than "3-D"; certainly it can be considered a multi-param-
eterized semantic flow, which relates it directly to the "2-D" flow occa-
sioned by HTML's "sheet of assertion" (Peirce). I want to read Source Book
of Medical History, ed. Logan Clendening for the texts I will use to think
through anesthetic Jennifer-Julu, suturing doubled or tripled bodies;
there is also Wake Up Little Susie, Single Pregnancy and Race before Roe
v. Wade, by Rickie Solinger. But I need the linux (Linux in a Nutshell,
Running Linux) fast and furious; my files are outdated, my ports are open
with last year's programming constructs (and I'll never know or want to
learn C); I can't wait for the storms to begin; weather's crashed the
hard-drive; all this, just sitting here naked at the port/al, not a byte
to eat.


