


Dangerous Moments*


1. My terminal, divided computer, schizzing operations - turning in to-
wards the screen. Writing is imminent here, activated - all that Julu-
text, programming, lends itself to the splitting of origins. I do say I
have no history, that text schizzes, skitters - all that remains is an 
accumulation of broken symbols.

2. To the limit of caricature, I picture myself literally dismembered - 
there is an image accompanying this writing - that of a carapace of 
bones, all the meat gone - the meat left when the community left, when my 
partner left - the bones are fresh.

3. The bones are conjured as invasion, invaginated; the hollowed carapace 
contains a weather of ice and violation. Violent depression and defuge 
are just beneath the surface, indented with every moment of inscription - 
it's this that leads to the magic writing slate, the uncanny presence of 
peripheral ghosts. (I literally _picture_ the bones, the wind gnawing the
last remnants of flesh, my chest, shoulders, neck frozen from within.)

4. My life becomes a tunnel between bed and screen, dream-screen and ter-
minal effect, and I knew this already when I began writing this series, 
hoping through the subterfuge of Clara-Jennifer-Julu to inscribe myself 
in the midst, a perfect number interspersed among the primes.

5. It is exactly that, the swimming of Clara-Jennifer-Julu, submergence 
of community and partnership, that buries the remnants of body; death is 
announced only by the absence of further writing. Death is half-way pre- 
sent with the repetition of vocabulary, tired avatars reiterating tired 
positions, always poised on the brink of a beckoning and addictive exis- 
tential wager:

6. It might be simple to embrace annihilation, construct a political eco-
nomy of freedom at this point, simpler to turn towards Being/being, and 
other misrecognitions of language - for it is either this embrace (in the 
midst of a graveyard, of bones) or the plunge into psychosis.

7. In the invasion of the carapace (situated completely in the region of 
the chest, connected with the last gasp of lungs' iced and isolated air) 
- or in the midst of the invasion - nothing occurs, and it is this embro- 
chure of time that gauges the day:

8. The tunnel from bed to screen and back again, way-stations for eating, 
excreting, occasional reading. The phone does not ring; no one is at the 
door; I may be in Antarctica or Greenland:

9. Gauging again, throughout the day, the slope of the ice-sheet, which 
once was breath.

10. The danger is in nothing but the appearance of the _purity of time,_ 
for which I have no answer, no poise for the question. 


*These fragments - that I write well, is of no consequence. Nor that pre- 
cise image of a _group of us_ on an art-school lawn, in the late 1960's, 
the precise image of the reconstructed day, the fear and energy and ex- 
hileration in the air. I am peopled only by my past. The image of the 
carapace is the remnant of a certain hunger which goads me. Before I die, 
I want to be branded by this machine, I honestly do. Scarred by the pre- 
sence of wires, absence of voice or bruise.)


