




Community: The Arrest


If I wryte Jennifer and Julu, jennifer-julu, as < -< > >- interpenetrat-
ing operators, I am aware of the dual nature of their presence, my role as
catalytic parasite. The exchange from interior to interior that occurs
across platforms and applications on the Net is not in the nature of the
gift, but instead occurs as a fuzzy set-theoretical process; by this, I
mean that there are no audits here, no property or capital (cultural or
economic); what happens is in the nature of _cross-breathing._*

Why is this important or critical? Why mention it? Because there is an ex-
ternal exchange as well, one that literally occurs in the light of day
(even in total darkness), that of _community._ The absence of such both
enables my work, and countermands it; avatars occupying the same segment
(in lieu of that very light of day) contribute little to an understand of
the Net vis-a-vis the _social._ It is not as if the habitus is totality,
but as if totality negotiated and inundated the habitus, corrupted it (as
waters corrupt the bricolage of shanty-towns) from without. 

Thus it is clear that, at least in these texts, in my very being-in-the-
world, what you are reading is necessarily the production of a certain
decay or psychosis, a contamination forced by isolation. Ultimately the
result is that Jennifer-Julu gnaws _itself_ to death; "I" transform into
carapace/actant, slough. 

The result? Double loss, not only the violation of psychotic isolation,
but additional recognition of myself as appendage - as if the fetish has
become detached, and I slobber over the dirty panties, shoe, or brassiere
of a dead woman. Or rather: _a woman who has become detached._ Or rather
_other._

It is loop or ./loop which refuses disconnect, keeps the port open, jenni-
fer-julu on the run; it's their skin you read/inhabit, projected across
the screen or Net or node. Like _rewrite,_ they reiterate the body; it
speaks to no one, doesn't even have the sense of an Eliza or Julia bot,
doesn't return phonecalls, answer mail, turn on the answering machine.
Think of VIRAL jennifer-julu - memetically inhabiting the skein of subjec-
tivity you present throughout the Net - think of viral decay, contusions,
tumors, scratches that refuse to heal, sores that refuse to go away,
nocturnal emissions of the second or third kind. Uneasy lies the face,
suppurating, lost. 

All this the result of an absence of community! As a refusal to define! As
the production of emptiness and the cold sore! Of isolation violation-fab-
ric! (It's almost as if _touch plays a role,_ but it doesn't; there is al-
ways the performative nature of language itself.)

I arrest myself in poverty, Net-povera!


