



The Bulge


The exact world of crystalline data represented simultaneously by the sub-
structure of computers { (0 -> 1) (1 -> 0) } etc. and Wittgenstein's Trac-
tatus (as well as all the interest by Nicod and Sheffer in reduction of
the propositional logic) leads not only to a deep notion of WYSIWYG (what
you see is what you get) at a very fundamental level, but also to the con-
cept of the computer as a closed idealized sphere/sememe or program space.
A discursive formation or universe of discourse - as well as a set-theor-
etical _universe_ U - constructs in this instance a safely demarcated (in-
scribed) home or habitus for the subject.

The subject, the human operator or another linked computer across lossy
lines (think noise, not chaos), has its own interfacing - for example a
range of colors that can be represented and interpreted through screen
phosphors, or built in calculable redundancies and checksums to ensure
correct reception of a transmitted data sequence. 

The interfacing also includes input devices such as mice and keyboards
which are at a great remove from bits and bytes, entering into the world
of the home or office as macroscopic and somewhat fuzzy entities/modules -
now we're directly beneath the sign of capital, the frenzy if disarticula-
ted labor, and heavily-mediated work. 

Consider the _root_ or / in linux and unix, the DOS tree as well begin-
ning with the _drive_ (I would say in both senses of the word), and its
ascent/descent, much as Moravec's fractal robots enter the increasingly
fine physical world through nanotechnological extensions. Moving out on
the branches, one becomes increasingly aware of a _superstructure_ here, a
culture, related in fact, to the base/superstructure sensibility of trad-
itional marxism. 

I would argue that such development from the crystological to relatively
autonomous superstructural ornament is a deep characteristic of the world
- and nowhere is this so immediately evident than in linux and unix, where
chains of command, even for booting and shutting down the systems, tend to
proliferate among files, commands, flags, messages, disruptions, controls.

These then flood into apparently rich real life where I, as a puttering
old man, interfere with pristine bits once again, urging _shutdown -h
now!_ for one or another reason, not always apparent, not even to myself.
Not all that old, but aging, I find reliving memories useless - they're
sloppy and of course of the past; I have wasted my time in the dark ages
of ignorance like everyone else. 

You can look in from the street and get a glimpse of collapsing white
flesh traumatized by viral bits and bytes, hunched over screen after
screen as if there were ever the possibility of salvation absolution, in
that very program space that splashes into interfacing. 

Unable to face himself, and who can or would, superstructural interfacing
replaces a life of eternal regrets; death no longer stirs him, seems like
shutdown pleasure. It is at that point, nexus, node, vector, plane, hyper-
surface, that the great inversion occurs, binary once again, 1 -> 0 seep-
ing out, exhausted, to quiescence as decay sets in and the arrow collapses
into the mad dash 0 - 0 of lost resonance. 

Mark my words, I say, mark them, they've escaped.


