

Sound and Sight


One might argue that Net community occurs within the phenomenology of
sound, and that Web specularity occurs within the register of the visual.
In Phenomenology in Psychology and Psychiatry, Herbert Spiegelberg dis-
cusses the work of Erwin Straus: "What Straus is anxious to show is the
whole 'spectrum' of these [sensory] modalities in their continuities and
discontinuities. He demonstrates this by studying the differences between
color and sound:
 1. Colors as attributes cling to things; sounds are their detaching emis-
sions.
 2. Color is (relatively) constant; sound is transitory.
 3. The temporality of color, i.e., its persistence, and of sound, i.e.,
its duration, differ.
 4. Visible colors appear side by side within a horizon; sounds appear
singly or in groups, with the ear synthesizing them.
 5. The emptiness of color (darkness) differs from the emptiness of sound
(silence).
 6. Color appears at an ('aristocratic') distance; sound presses in on us.
 7. In seeing (better, 'looking') I move toward the visible. In hearing
(listening) the sounds move at me.
 8. The contact is even closer in touch, in which I am always touching and
being touched in a reciprocal relationship.
 9. The final spectrum of the senses arranges the modalities in a scale
from the visible, via the audible, the touchable, what can be smelled and
tasted, to pain, each one containing a special relationship between I and
world ('Other'), as distinctive forms of communication between the two."

In the early 1970s, I wrote on the phenomenology of sound vs. sight as the
distinction between second and third person - the former surrounding the
subject intimately, the latter always already a distantiation. (The dis-
tinction was useful in thinking through the work of Vito Acconci, among
others.) Now, combining Spiegelberg/Straus with this, it is possible to
make a case for _communality_ based on _aurality,_ and, say, instrumental
reason (now beneath the sign of capital on the Web) always fluxed at a
distance - a distance whose proximity is related to expenditure/consump-
tion. One purchases the commodity/fetish in order to in-corporate it - it
is always in a state of _becoming,_ always modular, part-object. 

On the other hand, second-hand touch, aurality as community relates to the
aural register as _continuous process_ (what I call _rewrite_ in the early
sections of the Internet Text) - speech or textual acts producing reitera-
ted binds. In this sense, the phenomenology of Net community, based to a
great degree on what is exchanged beyond image (even on CuSeeMe), is dep-
endent upon the older darknet communities comfortable with text - these
communities, and others, expand through Webchat, CuSeeMe chat, PowWow, and
so forth. Iphone is even more intimate - and one can construct a second
spectrum of modalities ranging from straightforward ascii through IRC and
MOO/MUD performative languagings to the whisper of a voice on the phone-
ready computer...

Finally, in this sense, one might argue that the sound-bites prevalent on
the Web at this point constitute a form of aural incorporation into the
political economy of the visual...


