




Books, Their Disappearance, Looping for Sustenance, Certainty of Loss


My parents' house in Kingston, Penna., cracked in two as a result of the
Knox mine disaster in the late 50's. The mines closed. My parent's house
was flooded in the Agnes flood of 1972, which caused $1.5 billion damage
in Wyoming Valley. My father's library sat on softwood floors which
expanded with the waters; elsewhere, hardwood floors pushed the walls out
and everything collapsed. My parents' home is located on a subsurface rise
through the quicksand and coalseams; no one knew. Next door, part of the
yard fell in; my parents' street rose a few feet then collapsed. This from
the Knox disaster. The flood wiped out the basement and a huge number of
books, including my childhood notebooks and other things stored there. In
New York, the outer wall of our building swells, but has not fallen; a
cornice worked itself loose, however, a few months ago, and two houses
down Fifth Avenue in Brooklyn a cornice crashed to the street. Four blocks
from here, on St. Felix, the street cracked open, swelled at both ends
near the Williamsburg Bank building, and some of the historic houses have
been permanently evacuated. Around 1965, I lost a number of musical ins-
truments in an apartment flood. In the early 1980s, a crate I had with
goods stored from my Tasmanian sojourn was flooded from a leak in a ware-
house ceiling: I collected $6000 but lost cameras, books, musical ins-
truments, artworks, and photographs; Allison Ritch, my wife at the time,
lost all of her Tasmanian belongings. Nothing is ever permanent, I remind
myself, carefully repairing a tiny Sony transistor radio from the late 50s
or early 60s; its tinned sound is a reminder that some things make it
through. My friend Tyler lost his belongings in a fire. I lost musical
instruments and video equipment to various robberies. Loaned books disap-
pear as well; my copy of the Bernadette Mayer / Vito Acconci 0-9 magazine
is gone forever, not to mention hundreds of other books. My highschool
library went with the 1972 flood, including the old Opinator, which first
published me. An irate faculty member at the University of North Carolina,
Cullowhee, trashed all the catalogs I did for The Red Year show, which
opened in Cullowhee and Asheville. My work at the University of Califor-
nia, Irvine, was vandalized in the gallery. My old EIAJ video tapes are
almost impossible to resuscitate at this point; they stick to the head
drum on the reel-to-reel machines. My films decay at Canyon Cinema in
San Francisco; I worry about their magnetic tracks losing their adhesion.
Nothing remains of my live-in partners; I can't find any photographs, my
8mm films are gone, as are the 16mm films of my family in the 1972 flood.
Michael Current's disks from the early days of Cybermind discussion were
never mailed, after his death; the tape Kathy Acker and I made in 1974
becomes increasingly grainy, year after year. My Israeli notebooks from
1962 disappeared. I exhale with all my might, attempt to hold decay back
from the acid skies; my breath holds up the world, reply of trophy,
tarnished emblem, wilt. 


