



Violette Leduc


_Once my exercise book is closed again, I accuse myself of living._

_I have been ugly. I'm still ugly. Old age means respite. I know that at
my age I will never meet someone with whom I could share my life. It's too
late. Being old is consoling. I have no regrets. If I had been beautiful,
I would have had a lot, but right now I would be forced to give up so much
of it. I shall depart as I arrived. Intact, loaded down with the defects
that have tormented me._
 
( Violette Leduc, quotes from Michele Zackheim, Violette's Embrace. )


Violette Leduc, my Violette, author of The Taxi, La Batarde, Ravages,
others, always behind me, clawing at my shoulder when I write, presence 
or perturbation; I could not live without her, Leduc of the big nose and
mournful obsessions; Violette and I both turn away from the mirror,
asphyxiated; impossible Violette!

For whom I have not written & for whom, always conundrum without gap or
pocket!

( But I have written _The Book as System of Military Defense,_ carapace 
of flowers & you would have understood. I have inscribed myself hollowed
against ice crackled beneath the skin. There is no _discussion_ of lit-
erture here, only fear. )


& Violette Leduc who does not write philosophy nor abstract theory, whose
prose sits like bruised nut in the mouth or bruised skin on the tongue: 
descriptions fit for the remake of the world or murmur of trees and vil-
lage lanes: Violette Leduc, La Batarde who will not become her: in the
taxi where brother and sister fucked: stuttered preamble to what consid-
eration planetary syzygy? had she looked up; beyond Simone; beyond Her-
mine; to Her of the Face I do Dedicate: leaves and brooks: worn patch of
skin on shoulder: cloak and hat: 

& that there would be this stumbling around the lip, displacement across
the lines of 1943 Resistance: Leduc of the Butter, Black-Mark Leduc: this
most difficult damned Homer of sloughed galleys. & of the barren twig &
of the dirty snow, crested-snow. 

Bruised nut perturbations, what crumples against the teeth, begging just
beyond the door of Simone, the gathering of Isabelle. What I _need_ her
for, this obtusion, huddled against the black wet bark, les Jardins, what
can never theoretically. What lays in the overnight barn, Germans adrift,
the turn of the farmer, Sachs, writer. & that she could devour me, devour
Simone, Violette I never knew ye.

& that she would and I would and she giving _would have,_ "had I never
been born."

So difficult! & to write about!


