


Presence, Beginning Mourning


I just had a friend from the Net visit here in New York. She stayed for a
few days; temporarily my depression lifted, only to intensify again. One
notes the vagaries of the voice in real life; speaking from different
parts of the walls, speech echoing, intersecting from different surface,
creates a resonance of _parole_ and noise which is impossible to repro-
duce. Anyone reading Merleau-Ponty or Schutz knows this. 

Cyberspace falls flat; I have been brooding about the death of Michael
Current, two weeks from now, three years ago. It was the phone that soli-
dified our relationship; even now, when I finally _speak_ to someone I
have been corresponding with, it's clear that an important step has been
taken. The grain of the voice, even on Net phone, is different than the
flatness of this text, where crying becomes *whimper* or a confusing emo-
ticon for researchers to analyze to death.

Michael's last post, a story I will resend again closer to his anniversary
(and reprinted in Being On Line) speaks about telepresence, doubling: 
"'We must not abandon the body,' he murmurs." Wired goes the other way,
towards the fetishization of the cyborg-prosthetic, body cleansed and art-
fully reconstructed through capital. Since human senses are channeled in-
puts, it should be possible to create _anything_ as intersect/interchange.
The denuded landscape of the real becomes a concern of the political other
who must not be allowed to pull the plug; surfaces smooth, continue with-
out a ripple. It's an inversion of Marx's alienation; here, the machinic
reduplicates, returns our body to us in the form of eternity.

(Theory, too, smooths; recent Net theory on-line has seemed overly insti-
tutionalized, and/or turgid, a turn towards jargon. Abstracton sutures and
foreclosures - but what? There are never mistakes in these texts, never
breakdown. Art-Net theory turns towards the manifesto, clean inscription.
Life will always be the same.)

The voice roaming the room, sirens outside, scuffles of cat and mouse be-
neath the floor, can't be reconstructed without an enormous Borgesian map-
ping toppling world into loft. The voice is always already maternal, mat-
rixed, embedded and embedding, 2nd-person, their, moving from interior to
interior, carrying the cry, murmur, whimper, scream, whisper, talk of all
the facts and lies of the world. Voice is always supplication, needing its
internal and external hearings, returning partial identifications and
thereby identities. The body too has uneasy visual and scented moorings.
Trails are left; heats rise; cloth and wood indent; objects lean. Thermo-
demarcations leave traces on wood, plastic, metal, anything. 

One always ascribes fullness to the dream, to the text; fullness surpasses
itself in the real. It is always a surpassing which tends towards the
thing-in-itself, which might as well be a totalization mapped across dim-
ensions as a matter of course. Even there what could the eye take? There
are no simultaneous mappings; LSD provides the nearest cauterization of
the censorial apparatus, uninhibited census of the declassified. 

Text-loss is certain death, on-line orgasm for example leading to the sil-
ent room, computer-death, wiped keyboard and fingers, body strapped in
strait-jacket, cuffed limbs, abdomen and thorax invaded and eaten by ab-
solute totality, lack. The monitor creaks as it cools; self-strangulation
seems the only way out. The walls are in the walls. (See material on neur-
osis, psychosis, hysteria, hysterical embodiment, at http://jefferson.vil-
lage.virginia.edu/~spoons/internet_txt.html or http://www.anu.edu.au/eng-
lish/internet_txt .) 

Think of the battering-ram. Think of the thickness of structures. Think
not of the _presence_ of someone, but the borderlining occasioned by leav-
ing. It's here that readjustment occurs to the screen. It's hear that al-
ways a failure is announced; my brother will no longer run down the hall
yellow, my sister whispering with her friends in her room (door closed,
giggles, and the sound of wind rustling).

This community, on-line, has the capability to run roughshod over other,
politics, theory, presence, relation, sex. Aura falls pitifully from ap-
plication; hungered latenight phonecalls push face against face; the
morning mail delivers the transitive and deferred touch. Altavista stum-
bles across the screen looking for someone, anyone. Michael Current has
two weeks to live three years ago. Everyone's family is destroyed.


