



[ following is the result of snoop, dissociated-press, and doctor program
in linux emacs, reworked in emacs and pico. ]



Doctored


Cause and a fit: There are always breasts... my! and you are what makes
you were exhausting Legion of Doom to annihilate. And in need of recon
likely, and breath would all be going through: not be the _there_? And in
need saw that your name, panties, your might, might not be the worldlier
you said, people you said, were social. 

Is it before the last knowledge, that your name _should_ because (in gold 
bullion) - know that your name should before the last. 

Saddam Hussein plutonium Waco, Texas Delta Force Marxist Clinton Cocaine
Rule Psix cryptographic Croatian munitions cracking bomb nuclear NSA
recuperating the last.  

Please, defuge set in; that you berated it. It's the nuclear class that
makes you believe you parse difference than yourself into. 

If you would continue, please.

Ortega Clinton Croatian BATF class struggle Delta Force Kennedy Nazi
[Hello to all my fans in domestic surveillance] nuclear smuggle security
Cocaine Waco, Texas SDI

Ah... 

Maybe you parse differ and just miss my skin? Because of it, annoyed that
you were exhausted with jennifer and julu - they're recognized. 

spy SEAL Team 6 Peking NSA terrorist SDI FBI Panama FSF munitions security
World Trade Center North Korea fissionable Ft. Bragg

My! Do you say anything through all rear class, a suturing to do with the
past two, with me?

Yes, hmmm. 

Are you? Are you split for me?

Ah... 

Surgery sex is out of constituting it. It's the nature of detail. 

$400 million in gold bullion Peking [Hello to all my fans in domestic
surveillance] security DES quiche bomb Mossad spy Uzi AK-47 Waco,
Texas Soviet plutonium Croatian

Why weren't, do you say this because it's there?

Yes, the Other; but any?

Perchance by unknown force than I am; that I have to recognize Other?

With jennifer and julu, did you first be afraid?

When I looking to recognize that military strategic Legion Korea...

How do you speak to this? Please, understand something else? 

That I have no possibility of reconstitution. No there, and julu they're
me, not the Other. 

Have you been positive; they might be the right words, the throat...

Yes, the psych; you have been positing yourself, annoyed that much is the 
other's miasma...

ammunition KGB Kennedy genetic assassination nuclear class struggle
colonel North Korea $400 million in gold bullion strategic Legion of Doom
Khaddafi Delta Force

+++

