



The It of the Texts:


Centering texts creates a bulbous apparatus, as well as an axis, as if
there were _spew_ or ballooning pouring from/to the subject - as if
the flow revealed the invisible _form._

Random capitalization implies pastiche, pasting, crazed breath and em-
phasis, language gagging on itself - as if there were _violation-fab-
ric_ rabbit-glued to the earth.

Textual mixture and rearrangement transforms meaning into broken and
reconfigured bodies, part-objects of isolated cries, indecipherable
culture, the other: dyslexic glossolalia.

Patterning constructs representation itself garnered against the plea-
sure of the text, its life-world constructed as semantic markup. Pat-
terning symmetricizes as well, reflecting screen and dream-screen as a
return to the reading subject, suddenly glancing at her reflection,
suddenly dreaming mandala-meaning criss-crossing the desperation of
the textual interior.

Diacritical marks such as < and > embedded as unquoted symbolic tend
towards doubled meanings as language engages with the articulation of
a formal-performative. Text oozes around marks, floods _things_ with
clots, disarms. 

Repetition constructs the gasping-for-breath of the textual body, de-
sire for redundancy, an urgency which ripples into sound, contradicts
the very meaning it attempts to display. The _singular repetition_ is
the site of each and every textual unit: what has been spoken or writ-
ten belongs nowhere and to no-one, is subject to the precarious infin-
ity of duplication. Thus what has been written hinges on one's dream
of eternity, one's eternal dream, the continuation of _the tongue_
past every perturbation of the body.

Substitution turns text into sound, broadening or shortening words,
consonants, vowels; what is substituted increases in frequency, glid-
ing from the tongue, reconfiguring the maternal. The sound recuperates
the stereotypicality of common words, duplicating them within stereo
visibility as well. Site splits, spreads; citations curl across the
textual domain.

Utilization of programs (doctor, snoop, dissociated-press, tac, rev,
sed, grep, awk) creates negotiations among text, body, framework -
language, breath, screen - stutter, flow, formal definition. Meaning
seeps among protocols, across bodies, throughout discursive forma-
tions, including Internet applications, hard-copies, spoken-words,
ululations...

One speaks of the body of repetition or substitution, the html-body, 
the patterned or centered body, the dismemberment of the capital-
letter-punishment. One thinks of the multiplicity of bodies; bodies
seeping among sites, sights, citations; bodies as _semantic flow_ -
political economies of subjectivities across partial domains. Each
reconfiguration of the surface (such as this itself, written in emacs)
turns towards an investigation, the peripheral image caught at the
edge of the mirror, the feeling that someone, some body, is behind you
this very moment.

The _tiny or weak_ body sits, ponders, a metaphysics occasioned by the
_tools of the Net_ - by any Thing (site, formation, flow) within which
language is mobile, constrained, channeled. The Jennifer-body is close
to the ground, close to meaning. The Alan-body remains over-determined
and tending towards foreclosure, defuge; it is the Jennifer-body that
carries on this work, the Julu-body that undermines it with sexuality,
rage, and the phenomenology of the _sleazy,_ torn, half-open, gleaming
in a midnight of artificial illuminations.

(Within and without, _it_ attempts speech, continues inconclusivity.)


