



Dead Fuck


I was close to Al Wilson of Canned Heat a few years before he died; we
played together, ran together. Now I'm old and a tv commercial uses his
voice his song, the Owl advertising cars. I don't give a damn, don't care
that Dick Higgins called me a fellow survivor from the 60's. It's not
true. And I don't give a damn about the memories, my relationship to the
Talking Heads, my past lives, an evening spent in a cabbage patch in
Pennsylvania with a girl I loved who later got rheumatoid arthritis. The
biggest lie, says this old man, is that one has one's memories. It's not
true. They mean nothing. Anyone can tell these stories and sorrows and
make them thick. They're thin as water. They leak. I'm as dead as you are; 
I always was. Trust me. 

I was fuck close fuck to fuck Al fuck Wilson fuck of fuck Canned fuck Heat
fuck a fuck few fuck years fuck before fuck he fuck died; fuck we played
fuck together, fuck ran fuck together. fuck Now fuck I'm old fuck and fuck
a fuck tv fuck commercial fuck uses fuck his voice fuck his fuck song,
fuck the fuck Owl fuck advertising fuck cars. fuck I don't fuck give fuck
a fuck damn, fuck don't fuck care that fuck Dick fuck Higgins fuck called
fuck me fuck a fuck fellow fuck survivor fuck from fuck the fuck 60's.
fuck It's fuck not true. fuck And fuck I don't fuck give fuck a fuck damn
fuck about fuck the fuck memories, fuck my fuck relationship fuck to fuck
the Talking fuck Heads, fuck my fuck past fuck lives, fuck an fuck evening
fuck spent fuck in fuck a fuck cabbage fuck patch fuck in Pennsylvania
fuck with fuck a fuck girl fuck I loved fuck who fuck later fuck got fuck
rheumatoid fuck arthritis. fuck The biggest fuck lie, fuck says fuck this
fuck old fuck man, fuck is fuck that fuck one fuck has fuck one's fuck
memories. fuck It's fuck not true. fuck They fuck mean fuck nothing. fuck
Anyone fuck can fuck tell fuck these fuck stories fuck and fuck sorrows
fuck and make fuck them fuck thick.  fuck They're fuck thin fuck as fuck
water. fuck They fuck leak. fuck I'm as fuck dead fuck as fuck you fuck
are; fuck I always fuck was.  fuck Trust fuck me. fuck


