
 
 
Two Consecutive Spam Posts Forwarded From Jennifer:


Let us examine this. From Jennifer - who forwarded the spam, not created
it. And the spam, as part-object, has a beauty of its own, reference to
Jennifer, back into the matrix. As the novel itself (Austen?) was trans-
formed into matrix itself, devolved and splayed across newsgroups, turn-
ing ISP connections into overload, collapse. 

Who is Chris Lewis? I knew him, one of him, in Atlanta, but hardly a
pedophile, Canadian or otherwise. And why his name across this group,
what sort of revenge, or is it in fact disguising other structures? For
not all of the posts (and there are many of course) utilize the same 
subject; in fact, the subjects are scattered in parallel decoration in
columnar format.

But there is enticement as well: the _broken speech,_ _broken subject_:
"When I was a girl at school "

Which falls from a _visual cliff_

Into ?

I downloaded pornographic image after image tonight, from several news-
groups, trying each out as desktop, central or tiled. Nothing worked; the
woman, Jennifer, perhaps, was absent; there was no sign, no signifier,
nothing but parallel attitudes, the bodies inscribed by genetic differ-
ence, lure (which elsewhere I have related to primitive mathesis across
dyads, strange attractors, absorptions, as in rings and other structures).

One found a causeway in the breast or raised and open eyes. But here, in
alt.2600, _across_ other groups, grouped others, a skein pours plateaus,
lineages. The body has become transparent membrane, much like the Net
itself; it can be said truly of this novel that there is no author; it can
be said it is a writerly text, writing itself, performative; it flexes
culture as obstruction:

Thus it is of the order of the _throat_ or ululation:

Sun, 13 Jul 1997 20:36:01          alt.2600                Thread 6595 of
6626
Lines 1         Canadian Pedophile Chris Lewis Sucks Wet G No responses
old.salt@worldnet.att.net                     Yetii Genetii Research
Institoot
 
a promise made last Easter holidays--"When I was a

Sun, 13 Jul 1997 20:36:02          alt.2600                Thread 6596 of
6626
Lines 1         Canadian Pedophile Chris Lewis Sucks Wet G No responses
old.salt@worldnet.att.net                     Yetii Genetii Research
Institoot
 
girl at school," said she, laughing--a promise that he,
 

