





			 Woman, Writing, Hand



				  i

Are you going to tell me I'm the first one to have discovered this stuff? 
That it was hidden for centuries, for all time, that no one but me had the
slightest clue? That this simplest of things, trivial, really, was com-
pletely unknown, or at least relatively so - that it was just a matter of
time until I came across it? ( The beauty woman has left the room; if she
was reading this over my shoulder, if she was listening to my heart beat,
she gave no sign; not a movement or expression was out of step; she seemed
placid, calm, in the face of my usual hurricane, wreckage, debris. She
took no notice of me, my face, hands. ) 

				  ii

I'm sick of textual gaming when people are dying. Every word is worth its
weight in gold; it may be the last cry of someone heading into the darkest
space of all. Anything else is surplus, privileged, the wealth of the rich
over the violent anger of the poor, hysteria of the starved. Beware the
game which sutures the wide smiling face.

				 iii

I'm ill; the apartment temperature is 90 f; I can't think, went to bed at
7:30 this morning, woke up on the floor near the airconditioning with bad
dreams; shuddering and nauseous, unable to think; what happens to writing
in this condition; _it_ vomits; whatever I say, passes out. 

				  iv

Dreaming of a girl who doesn't exist, meeting her at a non-existent party
in Victoria, pale with glasses, short; she presses her body against me; I
can't remember writing like this; there's a future in it while the alarm
goes off; scene changes and she's dead forever. What did she say that I
can't write? Nightmares of solitude.

				  v

Wasting time when there's no time to waste; I have 25 more years, that's
all, and I find myself playing games, reading detective novels, not work-
ing, not thinking; thinking, in the sense of empathetic investigation,
should be full-time; otherwise, my project collapses. Writing should be
peripheral, on the horizon, the result of careful, planned thought and
experience. Writing is called forth in the continuous face of death; I
remind myself that some text will always remain unfinished. 

				  vi

A _writing-jag_ when the text no longer matters, when it escapes, takes on
a foolish life of its own: _I_ escape into triviality; it sustains me;
later, I erase.

				 vii

What I come across is myself, in the form of a _featured_ woman across ap-
plications, desires, protocols, softwares, regions, countries, internets.
This is never a matter of pure comprehension; she allows me to take on a
life of my own; she pushes me into the borders; the borders had not pre-
viously existed; I inhabit DMZs; I wander; stuttering, I chant her words
or the words of the other. She gives me name. I give her head.

				 viii

What I come across is another, sitting across from me in this computer
lab; she is typing with one hand, and I notice her other hand, resting
comfortably on her lap, remains fixed in a singular position. I cannot
help but wonder if it is prosthetic, at rest; if it is in fact a sculp-
tural implement; or if it is simply cramped. It is a beautiful hand, at
easy with the body that contains it. ( She is about 30, lightly dressed in
the heat, brown hair. She sits sideways at the console. ) 

				  ix

The writing, uncontained with the body, seeps out across the editor. The
distinction, one editor rubbed against another, is what creates writing's
_stuff,_ its weight, its exhaustion as it imitates breath. _Sounding_ the
depths of a text transforms it back into the body's resonance; your speak-
ing is the breathing once again of the space of your throat and lungs into
me. I dream of our slow and mutual exhalations.

				  x

Her hand has still not moved; perhaps her arm, her right side, in fact, is
entirely artificial, attached, just as the other approaches across the do-
main of writing, of and not of me, a disturbance in the field of this con-
sciousness.

				  xi

When I save this text in Pico, Control-O, there is a fast and furious er-
ror, a quick scrolling adding hundreds of empty lines, until I bale out.
Writing constructs its own void through misapprehensions, misrecognition;
I remain elsewhere, fielding correction, as if there were an inherent eti-
quette to the text.

				 xii

The woman has left the room, her arm extended, her hand remaining in the
same position; her everyday life reveals the limits of her prosthesis, no
longer what is or is not essential. Writing is my equivalence, all that
keeps me from death, borderlined as my dreams are of dream-screens, spit
language, splintered teeth, the raw roar of unencumbered sound.

				 xiii

The woman has left the room, her chair, computer vacated, blanked, dark.

				 xiv

The woman has left the room.



