



clearly unsustainable." (United Nations Chronicle, XXXIV, 2, 1997.)
soil, and marine fish stocks, continue to be used at rates that are
solid waste. Renewable resources, particularly freshwater, forests, top-
ate, with rising levels of toxic pollution, greenhouse gas emissions and
"Overall, the state of the global environment has continued to deterior-

and poor have grown, both within and between countries."
number of people living in poverty has increased, and gaps between rich
tries, but many, especially in Africa, continue to be marginalized. The
globalization of the world economy has benefited some developing coun-
majority of people are living longer and healthier lives. Accelerated
world population is slowing, food production is still rising, and the
Governments noted that some global trends appear positive. The growth in
NOW" and I do "kill -9 0" for all-time. "Assessing progress since RIO,
of PROTOCOL PASSWD. I do "<listname> (header (nolock." I do "shutdown -h
shattered holes to ACK. Nipple to nipple, node to node, I sew hard STRING
I think NOMAIL. I close shattered eyes to MAIL. I make NOACK. I close

cols in proper obeisance.
the poverty of presence, I who am about to enter these ports salute proto-
hard-penis useless flailed appendage. The computer always gestures towards
cancel entertainment-modules, clearing thought for corpse-mind. Ribs show,
skim-milk, walk naked in hot loft, shield from sun. With "rpm -u <game>" I
sion among physical. Loosening called for, I eat grain, fruit, rubdown-
never sustenance. Letters crackle in skull, brain seeps, there is no divi-
NOMAIL lasts periodically short time, before set-in occurs, one phone-call

life's give-and-take resonates with internal exchanges.
empathetic convo for real. In the busy-world, face is acknowledgement, and
them together produces the busy-world, the beautiful world of full and
lists, building up supply of posts for simulacrum of community. Reading
tend towards lesser time on Net, with varying results, going NOMAIL on
lost, flaked from remnants of consciousness. It's in this stage that I
lose their moorings, swim; it's impossible to concentrate, and subject is
furrowed with desiccated tears; parched tongue refuses its socket. Letters
In last stages, the skull protrudes through stretched skin; eyes split,

In Last Stages


