


On Fire


I have been working on the Internet Text for the past three and a half
years. There should be 3000 pages of text, 50-100 images, some of which
are at Paula Davidson's site, and some of which are scattered among the
Virginia and ANU URLs. I have written daily, with perhaps 3-5 days break
during this period. Posts have ranged from 1-4 per diem. There has been,
not so much an evolution, as a circumambulation, roaming from community
to community, OS to OS, up and down layers (protocols, MOO hierarchies,
languages), across sites (Jennifer and Julu accounts on clara.julu.net,
surfing the Web, Netscape from 1.0 to 4.+) and machines. I have pushed
neurosis, hysteria, depression, and psychosis to the breaking point; I
have turned discursive formations into performative spew, wild theory,
Marianne Faithful, Broken English.

I am on fire; I am hot on-line, burning through letters to the hard core
of something indecipherable, monstrous. I place ice in my hole, one hole
and my body tenses, hardens into perfect arrow. Hair burning, language
sears itself in the stars. (Burn of first, second, third degree. Your-
skin-graft across me, your surgery-gift, sutures. Death, crystal, mud,
sound, feather, web-server. My last memory of lights gone out.)

But why the constancy of writing, the obsession against which the text is
measured by ream, weight, megabyte? This addiction underlies all others;
it rebuilds the world, and fills it. The condom-balloon of semen-text,
sement, hangs the skein together between myself and what penetration you
succeed in, what bullets hole the skull. I can never see through your eye
nor would I want to.

Younger, speech was my fear and hysteria. I'd prop the world up until I
discovered the violence of humor. The prop moved to the talking-cure,
self-employed. I wouldn't let myself alone. I'd rip my chest open, demon-
strate my organs; blooded text guaranteed some truth, now replaced in the
Internet Text with the pain and sweat of continuity.

For it is an accomplishment, a continuous meditation that won't let go. I
have never spoken so consistently, or for so long, before. I have never
worked so carefully, uncompromising, pressing face against the window as
the train pulls out. It's a smoggy night in German, 1943, and my con-
sciousness is slamming out in small-town Pennsylvania.

Now I must go to sleep and attend to my Jennifer.



