


JULU-WORLD


begins through Corel World* with a template; beams are severed, textures
and planes, including a box, added; pictures are hung, spaced; the whole
is papered, cutting into acute angles in a deliberate tangle overhanging
an edge of the building; there you my find secret images. Sexless legs,
pubic hair, grace the outside; quadruple foetal-boy lies within the dark
and reddened chamber, mouth open for the visitor. The second upper sec-
tion of the building is separated from the lower; difficult, but possible
to move between the two, peering at the closed box with its reproduction
of those crotches. Here one huddles in a black sky against the blue-black
ground, ill-reversal. 

The beams are close to failure; everything hinges on the imaginary. From
flagstone, weightlessness, carrying that tangle; all over on the building
outside, those crotches illuminate closure (genitalia invisible, nothing,
no holes, guardians of the chamber).

The chamber has four holes below, two above, a confused puncture on the
wall with the tangle-burden. The latter seems excreted; images crash
against images, harboring that shattered interior where Jennifer hugs to
the outside, almost invisible. And there is nothing else in this world,
this landscape, but the floating-debris of the signifier's expulsion and
mouthed Julu-interior.

It's the interior of the carapace generating all those sticks which con-
stitute what it knows of the world; here, seed, it's hardly begun. Lacking
direction, the bulge-debris is the first stage of the establishment of the
vector. From the vector, the compromising hand might find a direction,
even sex and the confusion of wryting, inscription, text. But that would
be another world, not this, at

http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt/ab.wrl, and its surroundings.

---

*This is an _editing program,_ which simplifies VRML considerably. Unlike
HTML, VRML is labor-intensive, since every point is defined by three par-
ameters, i.e. x y z, for example. The _accountancy_ involved is enormous.
The VRML editor allows one to move with higher-level objects, of course,
constructing planes, boxes, cuts, etc. - the _surfaces_ which are produced
become the frames for images, sounds, animations, textures, etc. So that
the _surface_ places a phenomenological role as the _index,_ not _ikon,_
and that literally makes all the difference in the world. Of course, I
write this in 1997, and _things_ and their definitions / inscriptions are
changing rapidly.


