


Speed


How fast everything changes! From the viewpoint of evolution, the medieval
period collapses upon our own, yet no one reading Jacobus de Voragine's
The Golden Legend could mistake one mindset for the other. There is no
bridge, no comprehension possible, across these plateaus; the gap is per-
manent. Time layers upon layers; moving across my life, as across a pla-
teau, I come across moments or habitus that remain without explanation; in
fact, I am lost among them, currying incidents only as examples, leverages
for present argument. Further, I am well aware that time past is only
construct for time present - that is to say, tags occur which create the
semblance of past environment, but this creation proceeds by means of
algorithms, reconstruction. One no longer thinks reconstruction-_of_ since
X may or may not have existed; assuming it _did,_ it has bequeathed only
name (address) and tags for future assemblage.

I would not know myself now, that is, as I once was, that is, five years
ago or less; I would recognize only similarities, equivalences even, but
no deep identity. I would _scan_; it's a scanning that skims laterally
across history, the Web, a life "my own," bringing to the surface only
incommensurabilities - and these, not from any depths, but from the rub-
bing of wounds that will not heal, stitches that fall out before their
time, suppurations. The leakage of the past always results in a surplus of
documents, part-objects, glances, and the political economy of historio-
graphy, _as-if,_ and _as-if_ the present were capable of recuperation.  We
do, literally, _anything,_ to absorb the other, construct it in our own
image (and perhaps lower on the scale which we also construct, as proof);
other-wise/ways, _it_ will not let us go. Staring at a saint in stone, a
shard of pottery or last year's novel, everything appears to come
together. We make the glue from inscription, desire, foreclosure. We make
a world we call our own, a world with a past. On the Web, the past seems
no longer necessary; the world's propped up by other means, not least of
which is the fast-forward heady rush of capital. But it is all the same:

But it is all the same, because it is all _precisely_ different, and we
are incapable of tolerating that. Men and women in fact are not siblings
under the skin; they are unrelated strangers, and consider the rising
hysteria, were that, for a second, to be universally acknowledged. (We
kill the species not our own; we _preserve_ them.)



