


Source and Fetish


Writing some of the people who have worked on the early Net, or have
written about the history, I feel closer to the source (to the Source).
But there is no source (Source), only a sense of my self-importance as
heros and heroines rub off on me for no reason (concatenation, contin-
gency, absence). I wasn't there. I ignored the signs. I had been hanging
around the MIT artificial intelligence lab, meeting Minsky and others.
They rubbed off as well.

Rub-off lights the fetish, shines the body, polishes the skin so it re-
flects the world (jump-start on mirror-stage affiliating) in the eyes of
its owner. Nothing more happens; the rest is literally dead meat. You
could draw and quarter it, "as far as its ideas are concerned." There
aren't any, only epidermal slough. 

At the apposite end, there's always fiddling. I own nothing to no one. I
download linux, substitute the latest kernel, reconfigure, smooth and pol-
ish (immolation of the _cubist fetish_). At least it's under my control. I
have the perfect operating system (smoothed, polished, reflective) until
the next X Window, gcc, or kernel release.

This last is a lie; I've loaded and stayed with my RedHat 3.03 system all
along. I don't want it to function self-reflexively; there are other uses. 
It reaches out into the world of the famous and powerful. Some of you are
on SGI. Some of you are on T1. (I have a hunger. I hunger for you.) (I
speak to you, become you. I stalk the dark corridors of sex, time, and
space.) (Continuing along the lines of _least resistance._) 

On another list, there is a discussion of intellectual power. I pointed
out and believe firmly that in North America at the least, intellectual
power can only be defined as affiliated power: recompense of the univer-
sity department or literary agent. Lacking affiliation, I play up to all
of you, want your gender, book contracts, conference monies, grants,
breasts and vagina. I can't identify myself as male; I am left blank for
others to fill in, although I am bound, legally inscribed. Some would say
this is a position of privilege. (Some would say this is an institution.)

I say it is a position of the fetish, polished and reflecting. I am going
in deeper, closer to the source. I believe that a light glimmers in the
darkness. I believe that I am on my way.


