


Migraine


I type e zz, taking me into an editor with auto word wrap and not much
else. I type at the laptop. A migraine has started, flashes of electric
light on the right-hand side of my visual field; there are V-shaped
striations, and left-right arrows as well, gathered in an irregular
flight-formation pointing to the upper right of darkness. I type with my
eyes closed now, wondering if the field will change as the migraine
migrates into deeper areas of the brain, from vision to pain. In the
meantime, a slow fadeout occurs; the buzzing sensation is slightly
off-screen, internal screen, now, and the field turns to that maroon
darkness typical of everyday behavior. But skull feels placed in vice,
heavy, the neck holding up an irregular region of thick pain, not yet
all that strong; perhaps it won't get there. My eyes still closed, I
wonder how the headache starting to begin above the eyebrows will carry
itself; the fingers type, touching plastic as if there were isolated
pieces of the real down in front of me, nothing connects as finally the
striations begin to fade, there is a pulsing region not bad however in
the upper right, I promise myself I will correct this, slight increase
in sped in that region. So I find my way across the keys through the
indentation or nipple in the center of two of them, differently
positioned  on this laptop than on my Mac, so that hands need to adjust,
one to the other. I continue to type, feeling nothing. I wonder if
words emerge the same way, violent and hateful, beginning with visions
of death, leading to darker things. It's like rain on the plastic keys;
the real doesn't give, everything including the headless body, remains
roughly positioned, close enough for the exactitude of text. I've taken
aspirin immediately, anything to thwart the onslaught. I'm getting
tired. I note this, before signing off, only that there's not that
correlation between thought and the patterning; they're from different
regions, motivated differently, trajectories not crossing anywhere in
the neighborhood - otherwise, I wouldn't be able to hear the rain of the
keys, type as if there were a fluid descendent, think the migraine
away...

Later: Two corrections in the text, the headache continues, on and off; I
feel weak, slightly impaired eyesight, nauseous, filled with wool. I am
quite susceptible to these headaches, usually giving in totally; this is
one of the few times I pushed the envelope, insisted on working through.
The only insight was that there is relative disconnection between think-
ing and visuality in terms of migraine; working through the text trans-
ferred sensory input into synethesia of tapped rain, and the visual phen-
omena continued to dwindle.

These phenomena of course are transitory, leading to the headache proper,
which is somewhat upon me; there was a window of activity available, then,
as long as I didn't _see._ 

( And of course, how could I fail to remind myself of Robert Morris' blind
drawings, Morning Glory's blind texts, or anything that might swamp the
increasingly impoverished appearance of the world? As the headache in-
creases, I remain physically unclothed here, cloth stuffed throughout my
body, encasing brain and other organs; sight as returned, but:

It is _painful_ to see, just as the _stuff_ of the world is the carapace,
not herald, of pain. )


