



Pico-boo!


Written in dana:

It's like this, this and every other editing system, imposing the com-
plexity of memorization upon the format. Here, word-wrap seems useless;
all that happens is that the margin turns in upon itself, while the
images at the left-hand side of the screen do nothing for me but take
away the size and shape of the whole. The control-j of blessed pico,
allowing for quick and easy formatting is missing; dana does some min-
imal wrap, but I'm not sure where the decisions are made - they seem to
be somewhat nonsensical - as if the structure itself were reading from
a dictionary and deciding where and when the breaks should be placed.
But that's not the whole of it; emacs at least creates the phenomenolo-
gy of _sliced grids,_ in which everything is accessible, half drawing,
half image, while pico, similar to the edit in DOS, scrolls. Here is
what?

Is a picture or a window, is a frame. Emacs has the minimal, pico next
and of course one can simply write at an empty linux prompt. The less,
the better, as text defines its own space, sutures its world close to
the memory of wilderness. Everything is deconstructed, but lines in
dana are already subdued, in pico transformed into rhetoric, in emacs
deepened with always-present buffers and plateaus, with vi, a case of
construct. (But I'm ignorant of dana! Ignorant of emacs fine-points,
sliding back and forth among major and minor modes, or vi modes, or 
simply common usage...)

Think of _word-wrap,_ absent, say, in teachtext or DOS edit. It's word-
wrap that constructs the scroll, invisible breathing of the text; with-
out it, the materiality of the letters asserts itself - the line devel-
ops _length,_ disappears from the edge of the screen, or the beginning
disappears as the line takes cursor with it, continuing indefinitely.
Word-wrap is a function of geometry, nothing more; still, it references
the positioning of the body, the bandwidth of the screen and subtended
viewing angle.

Languaging in these editors possesses: graphemes within the symmetrical
substructure of the grid; the _stuff_ of the text, its materiality; the
_sound_ of the stuff; the _breathing_ of the sound; the apparent flood-
ing or _spew_ of the text; the text's _inscriptive tropology_ across
applications, nets, editors, etc.; its existence as binary coding; its
existence with specified hidden symbols such as <CR> or <LF>; its po-
tential performativity (program-text, script-text, html-body); its sem-
antic universe and semiosis (semantic function-construct); and all the
usual linguistic structures, deep/surface, etc. (not to mention the is-
sues of the full graphemic lexicon, the language lexicon and dialect,
its synchronic and diachronic relationships etc.).

Continuing, one should also bring information theory into play, not to
mention psychoanalytics, deconstruction, reception theory, issues of
gender, class structures, Chomsky's language (as a dialect with an ar-
my), and everything just _pours_ across screens, with or without tab
marks, rulers, gridlines, icons, menus, scrollbars, help commands...

I am an idiot.


