
--++--




Jealous of other theory, of the difficulty with theory, I proceed with
fear, with care, delineating/inscribing a territory I can call my own.
This is the only work I do comfortably; my life _elsewhere_ is a matter 
of confusion, and anxiety that leaves me sleepless. I am well aware of 
the fragility of theory, its past-anterior ex-formation which slots it
back into the death 				    constituted as a
movement or firm rec				   oject these texts as 
a wager, always alre				   earing further dis-
location, although i				   his is coupled with 
absolute exclusion f				   happy, or rather po-
ssessed with the abi				   ness, when I am writ-
ing on-line, with th				   _further_ mail I await
which shall foreclos				   fact in read that
_other_ theory which				   my own. I would state
that such forestalli				   any would be bearable,
that it would carry 				   nings of narrative,
that I would, for on				   rocesses of _survival_
itself, but instead 				    granted, over a space
or interval - a _gap				   s desire. In place of
this, in _lieu,_ I f				   e absence of a tomb,                      
wearing the needed shroud of death and immobility. I do not want to watch.
I don't want to watch the decay of these words, epitaph as they are, the
worn-out of the world, carapace or skin sloughed to the bone. I want to
die when Jennifer dies. Jennifer wants to die when Julu dies. These are
moments of little purport, but they present the world, and not only that:
They are the world's pillars, without which nothing would survive.




of all quaint language, what is
uperation. So that I tend to pr
ady lost, against this death, f
t were only a matter of time. T
rom any other realm; I am only 
lity to defer thoughts of happi
e potential for new mail, that 
e pain, emptiness, allow me in 
 shall, in addition, forestall 
ng in the pleasure of your comp
the seeds of love and the begin
ce, no longer worry about the p
take _this body, this mind_ for
_ that opens both to the world'
ind myself doubled, lost for th



