


Dear Everyone,

Ah hell, I'm just worn out. I've been trying to put courses together for
the coming fall and spring, and getting just about nowhere. I go through
intensive negotiations and hysteria on my end for a basic access course on
their end, or a course dealing with Net psychology paying almost nothing,
and I've been trying to do this over and over again at any number of ins-
titutions in four different cities. I'm getting worn down by this. I just
don't care. I think of starving myself. I've actually lost twelve pounds
but I needed to lose twelve pounds because I was up to one sixty which is
high for me mainly because of continuous depression. Now I'm going down I
hope to one forty-four but I weighed down only to one forty-eight which
comes through if you do the math or even if you don't.

Some of this is funny, like talking to myself, catching myself up because
I sound either like my father or that old bachelor (me) that lives up-
stairs on Dean Street which I pretty much am, but don't want to own up to.
I do spend some of my time secretly thinking I'm a genius, but even more
time wishing I had a girlfriend here so that I could finally relax with
someone so that even if I'm homeless or not eating all that well there
will be someone to talk to without making a long distance call, but even
Jodee has moved away and everyone else is in the protective custody of
their own coupleship, so who cares. I can always do another text. I hear
from Alice by snailmail who says I don't respond, but my printer doesn't
work all that well so I try calling her but I never get an answer; either
I'm calling at the wrong time or something's up with the phone. I do have
other close long-distance relationships, but they are always splintered,
never quite real, no matter how extreme the occasional writing.

The lists don't hold me like they used to - there's a lot of repetition of
course, and I need more than the presence of disembodied language at this
point. And I always feel responsible for some of the administration, now
ongoing for more than three years, as well as advertising, etc. It's
never-ending, and doesn't seem real. I get up around noon (nights are hot,
sleepless, insomniac), sometimes in tears, get on-line, do whatever cor-
rections I need to do for the day, send out personal letters and impers-
onal answers, etc. I eat at a place called the Silver Spoon for lunch. I
return here and nap or work on-line. I eat at home for diner, or "find
something" cheap at a bodega. I watch the news. I nap. I read all the time
through this. Out of pure defensiveness, I'm never without a book, without
reading. I may watch a sitcom or two at night. I continue writing, answer-
ing letters, reading on-line stuff, reading off-line stuff. I go to sleep
now around dawn. I stare where the clouds are light. That is my life.
There's usually a phonecall a day, but this is over-compensated for by
three-hundred messages or so. I send out around forty still, sometimes as
little as twenty, sometimes as many as sixty. I live half-disembodied,
have drowning in writing. Eric Anderson, Danish Fluxus artist years ago,
told me I was destined to be a "bookmaker" (screamed Buchmacher). I think
I've more than fulfilled this useless ambition - useless, because the
writing's without context.

I eat tofu, applesauce, instant coffee, cold cereal, light pasta, bamboo,
artichoke hearts, peanut-butter and jelly sandwiches. I have two luxuries
- a cordless phone (I'm always pleading somewhere) and sending my laundry
out - it comes back folded. I buy almost everything used. I pass on what-
ever I can, whenever I can. I take losses, get more reading. I need a new
modem, PC monitor, battery for one of the laptops. They'll have to last me
a few more years. I'm still married to Allison, but when I find the time,
I'll apply for divorce; I feel too encumbered by everything around me,
still, to do this at the moment. I will probably stay in New York the rest
of my life, living close to the edge. It's a _bad_ existence, in the way
that existence itself, in Sartre's early imagination, might be said to be
_bad,_ the stuff that Nausee came out of, but without recompense or money
for the tune. (I do stay in touch with my family. I couldn't survive with-
out them. They're across two countries, however, and it's difficult. Noth-
ing is _within the reach of an arm's lenght._ Nothing at all.)

(Speaking of _arm's length,_ I fell asleep last night trying to think of
the longest words with one vowel - from "length" I went to "strengths" -
this is of course including _y_. There is also "syzygy" which could be
considered voweless, and my favorite "cwm" which has to be, in spite of
its Welsh origins.)

Meanwhile I try and think of new things to teach; I could teach PC stuff
at this point, linux, creative writing, theory, studio, and tons of other
stuff but no one wants to hire someone fifty-four because I'm supposed to
be past retirement; anyway, there must be something wrong with me because
I've taught part-time at I think 16-17 institutions so far and I don't
have great clothes even for interviewing, were I ever called. So I'm dis-
placed in the social order of things, but then again everyone my age is -
although the others my age (I don't know anyone who's not a lot younger
than me, so I have to change the "others my age" to "others in their
forties") are all relatively secure with houses and lofts and apartments
and galleries and stuff like that. (I'm supposed to be be not only past
retirement, but useless, abandoned, collecting my rewards, relaxing, an
old man in a leisure suit. I'd _literally_ rather be dead.)

So there are two people, small press people, who said they were bringing
out some of my Jennifer stuff in hard-copy, but I think one of them is
screwing around with me, and the other is delayed because of no money so
it won't ever happen. Now I'm supposed to get a book out of my art and
theory stuff, and there is a publisher lined up and all that kind of thing
and it will be my fourth commercial book, not to mention all the other
published spew, but you can see that and about $.75 will get me a cup of
coffee at least for the time-being, not much more.

I can't help but dream of getting involved with everyone for friendship
sex love within four-hundred feet of me walking down the street, because I
can't see clearer much farther. And my long-distance relationships remain
long-distance and there's nothing I can do about them, whether they're
hate, love, friendship, raconteur, or colleague, although I've never had
the last which seems the rarest. Sometimes people say they want to collab-
orate with me; that would pass for colleague, and there are two dancers
here in the city that want to work with me, and I keep think of surgery/
prosthesis as part of the content of what would be the dance. I can't keep
up with them because they're both brilliant dancers, well-known here, and
I'm submerged in my loft. Sometimes when I walk around now, having lost
twelve pounds, I feel an enormous freedom in my body, as if it's leaning
against the air, and I dream of going anorectic so that I can finally make
an exit; the grandfather of someone I was involved with starved himself to
death after and when he felt useless, and I don't know what the family's
attitude was about that, but it seemed to be one of acceptance, I'm not
sure.

I'm going to my brother's home in Victoria in about six weeks, August 19,
if any of you are up in B.C. I hope to get back to the old-growth forests
which create stability even for the most borderline of us, and I can pre-
tend I'm moving there, to somewhere civilized, to teach, climb, and think.
In the meantime, I wait by the phone for a call offering relief, a real
job, anything here. I dream at night of sexual enslavement, taking on the
position of the masochist; I move in and out of Jennifer-July identities,
and all of this is admittedly escapist - there's nothing to worry about if
I'm tied up, controlled by someone, or churning through the J-J files in
linux, or losing myself in the obscure vagaries of emacs, the linux editor
which I've been using for my recent work.

It's always the work that carries me, that gives me a reason to exist, al-
ways trying to break new ground, before the ground breaks me. Sometimes
it's a stand-off, and sometimes I feel I've actually done something. While
I have a fear of academically-trained theorists, who can recite far better
than I can, I continue to hope that I'm still moving ahead in this regard
as well. I'm most frightened of being left behind, of my work becoming ir-
relevant, and the longer I write about "cyberspace," the more I think it
won't hold up in the end - the last thing I want to be is a social commen-
tator, broke, with now around three thousand pages of relatively useless
writing sitting on a site.

Then secretly I'll turn around within myself, and think, I'm making pro-
gress, I'll get a job, I'll be in a loving relationship, there's even a
community around the corner - I just have to get the next phonecall, try
again for that elusive perfect text which will cement everything, fore-
stall the depression at my door. Like believing in a talisman like the
object of Lacan, always out of reach, sliding in and out of the imaginary.
It's the teaching in fact, as well as programming errors, that keeps me in
bounds, allows me to function at all. (And it's not that I expect happi-
ness at this point - I don't - but just the opportunity to exist with
_the presence of another voice_ and a sense of stability.)

In the dead of winter, I would still like to make it up to Newfoundland,
but I'm out of touch with Lisa - I'd love to go and see the icebergs, feel
the gales. I've been in blizzards before, and never so much alive.

love to Everyone, and say hello for me,

Alan

