


Badly-Written Text: What can we learn from the early history of the Net?


It's here that we can study the first usages of computer-mediated-communi-
cation, the domination of equally-spaced text, message bases, and an ab-
sence of excess/curlicues such as might be found in ordinary letters. In
other words, literally, what happens when the fullness of speech becomes
constricted - and what happened when this first occurred in CMC? (Note
that a _symmetrical substructure_ is always present as well, with the ex-
ception of vector graphics, at this stage.)

It's here also that we can examine the first appearance of virtuality,
virtual embodiment - the body taking its first steps onto the wires. When
was the first purely online relationship? How was it constituted? How and
when did online sexuality develop, beyond the obvious later newsgroups?
(How does this relate to early uses of the telephone? What sorts of lib-
idinal investment occur in either? Note that a call promises the imminent
presence of the voice/vocal body of the other, but email permits the
_caress,_ as text is saved.)

What did it mean at the time to log into another machine at a distance, to
have this sort of control? What did it feel like? What was the phenomen-
ology in the beginning? How was the horizon of the subject constituted?

In other words, one has to shed the current tacit prosthetics of CMC,
withdraw, begin again without familiarity (as if this were possible). Such
is a phenomenological wager, here within the deployment of historiography.
For it is a culture-in-the-making that we are concerned with, a culture
beyond the face-to-face epistemological structures of everyday life. There
had already been a series of stages - telephone, television, radio, phono-
graph, etc. - but CMC is different in its relative fullness: 

Even given party lines, telephones quickly became a matter of one-to-one. 
And television, radio, phonograph can be considered _delivery systems,_
control systems (in other words, similar to theater), rather than _lived
spaces._ For in spite of proscenium-space, the notion of an inhabited spa-
tial alterity did not really take hold until the Internet. (I am not con-
sidering the spaces of dreams, shamanic spaces, the Bardo plane, etc., al-
though all of these are relevant.)

And there's more: The enormous quantity of information that slid from ma-
chine to machine, slides today. The postmodern collapse of space and time
(or rather their fragmentation or deconstruction). The new political econ-
omy of the planet that may emerge as a result of _contact._ The realign-
ment of the socius as a result of a reweaving of personal and impersonal
relationships. The new networkings and potential empowerment that may em-
erge as a result of physically-dispersed populations suddenly finding
themselves as communicative-body. The interweaving of protocols into hu-
man affairs, the deepest concerns of the heart...

In short, a certain _voyage_ started in 1969, always with dispersed roots
elsewhere, back and forward. Shedding ourselves, we live the adventure
again.

(I couldn't resist this. I recognize how badly this is written, how little
history or historiography is considered relevant to the current state of
the Net, in spite of Salus and others. What we forget leads to a decay of
freedom here, a deep ignorance of roots of any sort. Thinking through the
early Net and its uses helps. We're not "living the adventure again," but
recuperating our own (textual/virtual/physical) bodies along the way.)

