


alan writes to derrida list in his first-ever email 4-5 years ago, a true
account:


when i come on, and begin to write, there is great fear. i will be writing
to derrida himself. there will be others laughing at me. perhaps they will
not allow derrida to see my writing. perhaps yes to have a good laugh at
my expense. but they are deep inside my skin where my writing is made
from. they are too sharp for me but now when i write my Postal they are
silent. they wait. they see the first mistake. they see the second mis-
take. they see more and more and they wait. they are so smart i am scared!
i want to write about the hymen-infiltration. i want to comment because of
my thought! they will catch me out. they will know what i know, that i'm
a fraud, that i'm dumb, ignorant, dumb. i'll be sure to be found out.

ii

i hit the control and x keys and i hear a silent wooooshh as the Postal is
sent to derrida. perhaps he will be kind. i will see. i will wait. now
this is what i'm doing, waiting.  now nothing comes, only the Postal re-
turned to me from derrida-l or l-derrida, that's all! i read my Postal! i
wait patiently for derrida's reply to me about my Postal on derrida-l or
l-derrida, and i'm so excited!

iii

i await you o great derrida of derrida-l l-derrida! i am so scared because
this is my first Postal! i imagine you see the image of plato on one side,
combined with saint socrates and van gogh shoes too, all pictures! there's
a beautiful full header frame! i'm so excited! 

iv

tooovooo later i'm no longer waiting! i've grown, he will not write to me,
i'm sure! maybe didn't read my Postal! i no longer write derrida-l or l-
derrida. i move on! i am no longer scared tooovooo to write, and when i
write Postal now to someone, where, i hear back. i am a valuable person to
them! i do know the transubstantiation of all linguistic categories! i
know nouns never reply beneath the proper power of the proper name, but
there is much excitement for me, and i am tooovooo! tooovooo be sure, i'm
no longer scared, and say more whenever and wherever i want! i'll be with
you, be you on net-l, l-net. i'll tooovooo be derrida 

tooovooo your derrida!


