


Losing Track


At the age of 25 I decided I wanted to write philosophy. To write a 
text implies working through domains without guideposts, recuperating
older strata, looking up through the dissemination of the wide world's
information. Part of me believed that I was writing the world itself, 
that a secret would manifest its bones, and with that would come power.

Never earthly, the power would equate knowledge with interstitial
longings, and hence with a triumphant mastery of death. Space and time
were not far behind.

I could never listen to music with pleasure because of textual ab- 
sence; instead, music became a dialog I abandoned after a furious
wager with high-speed sound. Music took far too much for granted,
lending itself to pure jouissance. I would head towards video, film,
writing, and always writing - writing which could describe the world
in a singularity, the compression of everything into - not only the
symbolic, but also a token such as V, a set-theoretical universe.

Once V was announced, it was criss-crossed by rules which in fact
exhausted V: V was nothing but the domain of those rules, Godel not-
withstanding. The rules of the real of course prove much more intract-
able; in fact, they may not be rules (which are top-down) at all, so
much as part-objects, bottom-up operations with superstructural mani-
festations that take on the appearance of relative simplicity. The
unsolvable n-body problems are good examples.

Eventually, I became certain I had nothing to contribute on this level
- that is, to the concrete progress produced by science and technology
- for example, solutions or heuristics for fundamental particle the- 
ory. I was too undisciplined, too resistant, for that.

Instead, I became concerned with the interrelationship among these
abstract systems and consciousness, the interstices of structures,
bodies, minds, and the symbolic, plateaued throughout by an imagin- 
ary. Such was the case that _muck_ necessarily surfaced in this in-
vestigation, a muck that created _discomfort_ among those workers on
the surface who took the mines for granted.

My work has been in the mines, in the shafts, across the occasional
surface irruption. It explores the depths, not recursively, but with a
sense of ennui, longing, and the depths are not infinite, just as the
symbolic is not an infinite concatenation of broken strings.

More like a Sierpinski Sponge imagined without the recursion, depths
are unfounded, unfounding, and as I am fond of saying, unaccountable,
and unaccounted-for: hence, an other. And more than or to this, I am
also fond of saying that they generate and reflect _the neurotic style
of the world,_ a style necessarily repetitive, obsessive, scarred and
sutured, a style which has always already effaced itself, just as
language as the appearance of each and every determination.

Thus the neurotic, not schizz, may have a hold or grasp on the world,
just as the paranoid comprehends sociobiology in its entirety.

In relation to everything here, there is institutionalization, the
conundrum of institutions. Wild theory is incomprehensible in the face
of the propriety of regulated reference, footnotes, and a dedication
to reasoned argument. I would argue, wildly and unsuccessfully, that
this reasoned argument always already precludes, firewalls, forecloses
the _muck,_ which is not just a matter of a psychoanalytical and/or
rational approach, but also a seeping, oozing, within and without the
discomfort of the (borderlined) reader. In this regard, the muck-text
is as much performative, process, as it is discursive formation. And
in this regard, it remains difficult to translate, suitcase.

On the other hand, it is easy to descend or ascent to a superstruct- 
ural surface that purports, through skimming (surfing) to present a
laissez-faire chaotic mapping of nomadic chains, in lieu of comprehen-
sion. And it is easy for me to fool myself that something has been
accomplished, beyond the demonstration of a new command, application,
or Net phenomenon: And if anything salvages these texts, it's the
embarrassment, shame, dirtiness, muck, psychotic flirtations, that
refuse to let go, after the command, application, or Net phenomenon
has been deciphered.

When I began years ago, I developed the notion of two regimes, the
construct and the experiential. The former was external to temporal
systems, and an idealized graph of equivalences or transforms; the
latter was messy, carried motility within it, and problematized the
very nodes and vectors that created the appearances of entities and
processes. The two modes intersected in what I later called state or
process-oriented graphs. Within this scheme, wild theory is, of
course, experiential; traditional discursive formations, on the other
hand, appear as-if-grounded in the construct. Thus an ideal academic
discourse might be considered a database, allowing the recuperation of
argument, revisitation rights/rites, and footnoting allowing the dis-
course to partake of others observing the same protocols. While this
constructs a language-practice ultimately based on the Enlightenment
(or for that matter Euclid), it also precludes both the problematic of
reception (beyond reception-theory) and those very cognitive proces-
ses that grant the text its semantics in the first place.

So that, by harboring texts within the experiential as primary (as my
texts attempt), grounds and reasoned discourse are instead problemati- 
zed - not in favor of anarchic feeling - but in terms of those tradi-
tionally analytic part-objects (such as this text to some extent) that
appear within them. 

This certainly reduces the necessity of grounds for 'em. *

* And also unfortunately reduces the community of readers, who are no
longer guided by those tokens of footnote/reference/etc. that I have
referenced here, and that provide the ability to cross-translate, as
well as reaffirm a foreclosed but relatively friendly academe. _This_
work, instead, is wounded, refusing to heal, apparently establishing
no discourse, critique; and in this sense, it is a corpse of work, not
corpus. Later, a corpse will give birth to new forms of life; now, it
is an uncomfortable object in the room, leaking onto the table, spil-
ling onto the floor.


