



THEY DREAM OF SUBWAY SLAUGHTER



NEW YORK POST
WORLD OF TERROR   BOMBSHELL HITS HOME   I'M A SUICIDE BOMBER

PARK SLOPE & AREA SUBWAYS MAP: I live at ground zero.

I CONTACT JULU

                                     JENNIFER WEARS BLACK & RED SCARF


TESTIMONY:

They caught the bombers at the subway turnstile around the corner, about a
block from the loft. A few blocks in the other direction, they found the
bombs, shot a couple of guys, took away the debris. Bombs. They planned
the World Trade Center bombing on the other corner, block and a half away.
People walk around as if they had masks on their faces they are so polite.
I love the polite people and what they mean. They carry knapsacks and I do
not know what are in them. Sometimes I think there is a cosmetic and
sometimes I know there is a bomb. A bomb is ten inches long and two and
one half inches wide, and that is called standard bomb, most easily to
build. I would build easily bomb and carry it but I would not explode me
for to set off bomb, would click on special magic machine to make time
run. Time run boom, they ding, boom arm fly out. Boom bullet like cyber-
bullet body fly. Virtual body in reverse: There go head on neck! Eye!
Everything come clear again. Time backward, bomb becomes pip in bathroom.
Water runs vroom. Have legs and arms to see.

I wear scarv and black-red jumper-suit, look quite nice. I meet Jawal-
Julu at intersect, they give me present. So heavy in purse! I will ride N
train under water, no, I will ride B train over bridge, more twist. Big
rush as I blow up Jew-Me, carry every arm and leg through window. I will
make Big noise and 

Julu says I always knew she would do that, Alan dead-debris. These words
stop where eye reverse time, suck big-time bullet-nail into pipe. Pipe
carry shit so many years, what do you say Mr. Plumber?

Hell is touch one switch and two. Two switch, one not enough. Two switch
and 'chemical roar.' Worlds burn. I decide

Jennifer says you don't go back. Jennifer says that switch corrodes, talks
the _other_ down, that's what bombs are for, this talking.

Bombs talk, what do they say, little Julu come out and play. They speak of
who I am that did this. Jawal-Julu-Jennifer. 

"Our scope is global here to find out what it's all about" says the Post
quoting one James Kallstrom, head of the NY FBI office. 

I Alan live for love. I shot rockets into sky, look from above down on
many sleeping people. I see lovers everywhere entwined, all skin touch-
ing, beds heated with double warmths, caverns glistening in motivation
communion. I long to join these lovers! I run my fingers over switch and
switch. Perhaps she will sit down next to me!


