


Who is the Woman?


"One could declare with just as much daring that a drink which presents
itself to be consumed is not a real drink, or that a woman who offers
herself to one's caresses is not a real woman. Such remarks are naturally
insane, but they are also, I could claim, highly 'philosophical' - in a
rather regrettable sense of the term which, as Laurent-Michel Vacher sug-
gests in a recent essay, would readily incite one to think that the princ-
ipal function of philosophy is 'to accredit stupidity while discrediting
evidence.' We are in fact forced to admit that philosophy, which proposes
as its task to understand and interpret what exists, often has eyes and
ears only for what does not exist." (Clement Rosset, Joyful Cruelty, To-
ward a Philosophy of the Real.)

Of course it is elementary to note that the drink does not offer itself
(up), that the drink is in fact offered, that a sublimated actant is pre-
set, present. And then a second (of) course follows, that of the woman who
is offered the man-Clement, perhaps, or another man or another woman. (M.
Serres would wonder, of course, if the woman were the second course; I-
Jennifer would argue that M. Rosset is the second course, ridding oneself
of the sir-name.)

Does a woman _offer herself_ to caresses? Is this not a self-abnegation,
an X crossed upon the inscription of the male, where chiasmus (Jean-Fran-
cois Mattei, The Heideggerian Chiasmus, in Janicaud and Mattei, Heidegger,
From Metaphyiscs to Thought) is sought? But in the instance of the drink
and the woman, the woman-drinking across cancellation, there is no denying
the reality of the procedure, presence, inscription - only insofar as they
are not of this text, of course.

What _it sounds like,_ I guess, said Jennifer, is as if I'm arguing with
poor M. Rosset, whereas I'm in agreement on some _very major points._ If
the real is often stupidly treated (ah, povera, povera!) by philosophy,
then it's also the case that the stupidity of the real is treated by M.
Rosset, for example, Le Reel, traite de l'idiotie, Paris, Minuit, 1977.

Ah, _all_ these idiocies! And I remember, Jenn continues, how discussions
once focused on community in cyberspace, those _out there_ (those anal-
ysts, those _outed_) telling us that we're not a _real_ community, focus-
group, idiolectical conflation, not even a real coterie of interrelation-
ships. That we were deluding ourselves! Criss-cross and _listen_ says
Jennifer! That in fact love and sex in cyberspace wasn't _real_ love and
sex. Or that in fact, in fact, that _X_ in cyberspace was only a really
cross inscription! and not _X_ at all, no matter its ascription. Ah, to be
literary, Jenn sighs now. (And Jenn is cross at this, at the entombment or
enwombment of the woman, at the need to get drunk to continue reading, at
the _differend_ expressed by virtue of the analytic wager. Jenn's cross
but she continues.)

Jenn notes that Clement (no longer M. Rosset) says that the remarks are
"naturally" insane, instead of "culturally," or "terrifically," or "in
relation to the Cretaceous." Jenn wants to let that go at the moment,
thinkng that the remarks might themselves stem out of a naturalness of
speaking, (stream or parole) to the extent that the signifier appears to
explode and fulfill its own totality (stream or parole of vacuity, Jenn
notes in opposition.) 

Jenn thinks in fact that we must all be insane _in fact._

But then Jenn is in love.


