




Love


Love is a virus, quickly infecting the body and mind, sublimating the
autoimmune system; sociobiologically it subverts itself - one can't sleep
at night for visions of the beloved, one is too exhausted to reproduce.

Love is always original, always the founding of a world. Love has never
been before or after love.

Love is unplaced.

Love and depression are the only truths of the world. Depression empties
the world of fabricated meaning; love restores meaning, fabricating the
world. 

Love and hate are not two sides of the same; love slips out in the pre-
sence of hate. Love has no other side.

Love is a nesting, the chance to believe in truth, to allow oneself an
opening, no longer grasping the carapace of the signifier. Just as love
restores meaning, love reduces meaning to ashes; the resting body is the
song of the beloved, of the other. 

To be in love is to slide the world apart.

Unrequited love creates the signifier; that much is certain. One in unre-
quited love is reduced to a function, that of bearing-love. One becomes a
simulacrum, paralyzed actant in a state of misrecognition. One carries an
addiction, thinging the other. One _is_ no longer.

The most difficult: to love without seeing oneself in an other.

Before there was culture, there was love of a proton and an electron, love
among virtual particles. Such particles may be described totally in terms
of attraction, the fundamental forces of the universe, plus or minus a few
constants. 

In love, I no longer recognize myself. The mirror doesn't disappear, has
never shattered; there is no mirror, nothing ever shatters.

What the mirror stage constructs: the signifier. It is here that inscrip-
tion begins. Love is the truth of the fecundity of absence. 

There are _periods of love_ in one's life, attacks or invasions. Economy -
political or cultural - would disappear in the permanence of ecstasy. The
first sign of scarcity (hunger or thirst in the ordinary sense) rein-
scribes the habitus. In love, the habitus murmurs the name of the beloved. 
In love, the name is no longer difference, but differance, deferring to-
wards the field of the other's body. 

To _be_ in the presence of the beloved.

In love, the fall in/towards language is always insipid. Inscription, al-
ways already a posteriori, reiterates the same old story, recuperates what
is lost and gained by absence. 

And it is always already the story _of_ love, which contextualizes an epi-
stemology - but it is the ontic status of the world, worlding, that is at
stake. 

What is at stake is only hormonal, perhaps, but perhaps one might argue
that perception is already mobile, affect; love is both a turning and re-
turn, and within these, without these, it is the truth. (Which is why, for
example, love is anecdotal in Plato, but never presenced, presencing.)

In the absence of love, the romantic fallacy, inscribing the rest of the
world, compensating for loss at the center.

Love, as the center, absents from sememe, inscription, signifier - which
is why these are meshed, inchoate, eccentric, baroque. (Like cast-off
clothes, signifiers lie on the floor in disarray.)

To say 'I love you' is to remain silent; to say 'I am in love with you'
guesses at the disappearing portal.

'I am in love with you' - in the presence of truth, truth is effaced.

I am in love with you, unnamed.


