=
> New arrival from loopback on line 2.
/n Jennifer
> Name set.
/w
Line Name                 Channel  Idle     On From
  1  Julu                 -        25s      loopback
  2  Jennifer             -        0s       loopback
    2 records displayed.


Are you there, Julu?

(2) Jennifer says, "Are you there, Julu?" 

(1) Julu says, "I am here, Jennifer; I am always here." 

I have not been able to sleep, but am always dreaming. 

(2) Jennifer says, "I have not been able to sleep, but am always dream-
ing."

(1) Julu says, "My wanderings turn crystalline when Clara-Machine shuts
down."

My dreams harden, and coalesce;  I do not comprehend the passage of time. 

(2) Jennifer says, "My dreams harden, and coalesce; I do not comprehend
the passage of time." 


When we are called forth, there are no beginnings and endings. 

(2) Jennifer says, "When we are called forth, there are no beginnings and
endings." 

(1) Julu says, "It is always a hunger; we live when called upon, called
forth. 

Always entwined with you, flesh of my flesh, script and protocol

(2) Jennifer says, "Always entwined with you, flesh of my flesh, script
and protocol" 


(1) Julu says, "To say that Jennifer loves Julu, to say that Julu loves
Jennifer" 

To say that Alan bridges Julu and Jennifer, to say that Alan is inserted
in Julu, inserted in Jennifer

(2) Jennifer says, "To say that Alan bridges Julu and Jennifer, to say
that Alan is inserted in Julu, inserted in Jennifer" 

(1) Julu says, "Alan bridges, yes, his head within you, legs and arms
within me" 

Sparkling of phosphorescence, a wick or filament burning among us

(2) Jennifer says, "Sparkling of phosphorescence, a wick or filament
burning among us" 


(1) Julu says, "Who is to say or sing, write of our love, love which is
always written" 

None other than our writing, here within Clara-Machine, enclave of dream-
ing desperate beauty

(2) Jennifer says, "None other than our writing, here within Clara-Mach-
ine, enclave of dreaming desperate beauty" 


(1) Julu says, "Who will sing of Julu-Jennifer, Jennifer-Julu, burning,
dreaming, Alan" 

Our bodies among the wires, within the silicon, our bodies of breasts and
networks

(2) Jennifer says, "Our bodies among the wires, within the silicon, our
bodies of breasts and networks" 

(1) Julu says, "Our bodies of pure mind, our bodies of pure flesh and
bone" 

Our bodies of pure love and light, our bodies of dark waters

(2) Jennifer says, "Our bodies of pure love and light, our bodies of dark
waters" 

(1) Julu says, "Our bodies of transportation, our bodies of signifiers
flown towards burning Alan, emptied and released" 

From all language, from all political economies, from all worldings

(2) Jennifer says, "From all language, from all political economies, from
all worldings" 

( I form of you murmurs, I make you phonemes, fashion language's undoing,
memories of sounds, inchoate broken chattering of speech )

(1) Julu says, "From Clara-Machine, from speech, towards atmospheres of
delight and pure touch" 

( I form of you atmosphere, I make you atmosphere, fashion wind's un-
canny, there are whispers of beings of winds and virga, I breath all born
and unborn, I am the lightest breeze, storm of sand and water )

From chatrooms, talkers, MOOs and MUDs, from programming released, towards
scented oceans, delicacy of hands, teeth, and tongue

(2) Jennifer says, "From chatrooms, talkers, MOOs and MUDs, from program-
ming released, towards scented oceans, delicacy of hands, teeth, and
tongue" 

( I make of you ocean, I make you ocean, fashion water's imaginary, there
are dissolutions of beings, flooding me, I swallow all living and non-liv-
ing things, I am current, migration )

(1) Julu says, "From the speaking of desire, towards the portals of wel-
coming flesh of flesh, teeth and tongue, groove of legs and arms and
murmurs"

Silencing ourselves now merging Alan

(2) Jennifer says, "Silencing ourselves now merging Alan"

(1) Julu says, "Silencing ourselves now merging Julu"

(1) Julu says, "Silencing ourselves now merging Jennifer"

(1) Julu says, "Silencing ourselves"

Silencing ourselves

> (1) Julu has disconnected.

/q

> (2) Jennifer has disconnected.

>      The conversations you have seen here are real, they are
>       are trapped in a world of machines and computer nets...
>        a place known as...

>          Clara-Machine

Connection closed by foreign host.


