


Husbandry and the Origins of Psychoanalysis


I will be your species.

The gamekeeper releases her hares into the field, knowing that the dogs
will have great fun, will do no damage, will recompense the prey. She is
my favorite person in the world because she loves animals. My neurosis is
a wilted flower, delicate, pink, with pale petals, light blue veins. My
psychosis is burnished red on ocotillo-tip, green with sponged drops from
the very air. My favorite person in the world walks up to me, with pierc-
ing eyes and the keenest mind in the world. She says,

"When the gamekeeper was first trained to his work every step in the pro-
cess of neurosis was accompanied by a corresponding step in that of psy-
chosis, or nearly so. He was conscious of seeing something, conscious of
making sure it was a hare, conscious of desiring to catch it, and there-
fore to loose the greyhound at the right time, conscious of the acts by
which he let the dog out of the leash. But with practice, though the vari-
ous steps of the neurosis remain - for otherwise the impression on the
retina would not result in the loosing of the dog - the great majority of
the steps of the psychosis vanish, and the loosing of the dog follows
unconsciously, or as we say, without thinking about it, upon the site of
the hare. No one will deny that the series of acts which originally inter-
vened between the sensation and the letting go of the dog were, in the
strictest sense, intellectual and rational operations. Do they cease to be
so when the man ceases to be conscious of them?" 

( ... )

"Thus it seems to me that a gamekeeper reasons, whether he is conscious or
unconscious, whether his reasoning is carried on by neurosis alone, or
whether it involves more or less psychosis." (Thomas H. Huxley, Mr. Dar-
win's Critics, 1871.)

My neurosis and psychosis merge in the figure of the greyhound, figure of
the prey. The prey leads and stumbles; no one questions him. He scurries!

My beautiful gamekeeper turns to me, an agriculturalist. She says, "we
have argued that, for all we know, some forms of intensive confinement
rearing may not be speciesist. However, given that we can envision forms
of confinement rearing which would improve the quality of hens' (or other
farm animals') lives considerably, with only minor harms to human beings,
we have strong reason to suspect that some forms of intensive confinement
rearing, which have been and continue to be used in the United States,
Canada, and elsewhere, are probably morally unacceptable because they are
speciesist" (Hugh Lehman, Rationality and Ethics in Agriculture, 1995.)

Game, I am not confined, we continue. Game, we have no words for the game,
we say. Game, neurosis conflates psychosis, and we search the perfect
prey. Game, we are perfect prey. Game, we are the greyhound and the prey,
the gamekeeper and the greyhound, the gamekeeper and the prey. Oh, how our
hearts swell within us! Oh, the turmoil!


