




You


I met you in Jerusalem, I met you in Brooklyn ... said that to throw them
off the track ... it was near the Mea Shearim, you were being stoned ...
zealots, eh ... seven thousand miles away, your hair in my mouth ... I
swallow everything you have to offer, I'm not picky ... you give me ad-
jectives, expletives ... I give you gerunds ... they sway like that ...
turn me inside out ... forgot that these dots were stolen ... the walls
were baked hot, there was an omen, white fox darting in front of me ...
twenty years later, sure enough, that one in Cape Breton ... your hair had
silver streaks ... blond streaks ... all that opium I took, you took me to
the hospital, they made me get up off the floor, leave, lunch hour, there
was nothing to be done about it ... taxi-cab out of the city ... twenty
miles away you could smell the atoms ... I've photographed the sheets,
hung them from the window, I've tied myself in knots ... you could see the
building going up in the distance, I thought, why is he pointing a knife
at me, they destroyed the restaurant ... crawled out of the past ... I'm
uninhibited, eh ... what wouldn't I think of doing ... I need to have your
floor under me ... I want to write over and over again, collapse me ...
Jennifer is on my right side, Julu on my left ... they're waiting ... Jenn
goes to the door, looks out ... street's clear ... there's a gunner on the
roof but he's got his weapon down for a change, anyway it's for show,
beret and all .. landmines everywhere, barbed wire ... Julu flies, I
forgot to tell you that ... moved ahead of the rest of us ... fierce, eh,
she knows what's going on ... they've made a landing-strip of my chest ...
I can hear the planes, they're overhead all the time now ... the gunners
are closer to the ground, they don't dare look up ... rat-a-tat-tat, it
would be over, that would be the end of it ... can't have that, eh? Julu's
got moving now, she's really churning air ... that whore in Soho wouldn't
have me, I didn't know what I was doing, I lost sixty dollars, there were
more and more men the farther I went inside, they were watching me ...
lucky to get out with my life ... couldn't get it up anyway, I was tremb-
ling, disappearing down the streets, pathetic ... had to be rescued from
the sidewalk like that, taken in ... she told me I couldn't love her, she
was brown ... pulled a knife on me just like that ... taught school in
Washington DC ... later saw her with a group of people, laughing, had to
get out of there ... Denise wanted to tie me up naked, upside-down, don't
know the pleasure in that ... we picked up the stuff in Pennsylvania,
drove back through a cheating night, I couldn't pretend ... she got the
tape recorders, cords, signed Ginsberg, wanted to borrow everything, that
was the last I saw of them, she made up for the bad times in her own way
... I wasn't ready for this, just a lunch date, really, suddenly currents
change, I'm done with, inside out, upside-down ... later there's an
obelisk or prism, it's six-sided, limestone, about three meters tall, one
across. I can't make heads or tails of it ... it's turning, some sort of
vision ... I think of you again ... "disturbing dream ... Lisa Dilillo and
I were talking upstairs in her loft ... it was really Marcia Resnick's, I
recognized it ... Laurie Anderson lived upstairs, I was always moving ...
but it was dark, dangerous night, I was waiting for you, we were going
out, you'd ring my bell four stories down ... upstairs on the corner of
Canal and the river ... Lisa Dilillo and I in some heavy talk ... I said I
had to go, you were coming, I wanted to be there for you ... started down
the stairs, there were no lights ... just someone standing on one of the
landings ... I hoped it was you ... I felt a knife ... woke to write this,
steal Celine's dots ... his "three little dots ... screw him, he was
trouble ... in highschool someone pulled a knife on me, I grabbed the
blade ... I was filming in Los Angeles, the Sunset Strip, a whore came at
me ...  in Nazareth, an Arab flashed a knife, big problems there, went off
to kill his nephew, avenge us ... it's a long story, had to do with that
restaurant, our friend got beat up, dropped in a Wadi ... I can't pray any
more, eh, I've seen too much, my eyes have volumes in them, there's no end
to it ... Tamara B. and I screwed, I was still married, went off to
Tassie, wrote her, she told me to go to hell, wrote it all over my letter,
it was the final straw ... don't go there sober, eh? ... I'd given up, I
was desperate, turned her down in Irvine, she told me she "had her eyes on
me for a long time ... that was before the anonymous phone calls ... the
destruction of my work ... the letters ... everything in the world heads
towards purity ... that's all there is, a chance to begin again, start
over, head out, fly away, set the sails ... you don't get this often, it's
random, one day you're having lunch with someone for the first time, the
next day you're thinking, this is all there is! ... this is all I want!
...  Wait! Wait for me! ... carpe diem and all that, the Fugs sang it,
they were on my label ... she's never heard my music ... I've gotten
through all of this, what's next, I've got to do the book too ... a couple
of them ... maybe more ... I'll start again if she'll have me ... I'll
give her me on a platter ... on a board ... clothed or unclothed, whatever
she wants ... this isn't a great prize, mind you, a little tarnished, but
some good points ... thinks well maybe, for example ... moves fast ... bit
too intense ... she can take me, do what she will, someone's put the knife
away ... Jennifer and Julu are sleeping, it's late even for them ... smoke
and clouds ... incredible dawns ... I'll wait and see ... what happens to
the night


