



Sadness and Terrible Misery


I'm so alone, I can't stand it. I can't sleep, crying every night, waking
in the middle of the night, reaching across the empty bed. When I have a
lover, I can't believe it, I drive them away. My eyes are crossed by stars
which have no existence. When I don't have a lover, my body empties, death
stares me in the face, I lose weight. When I have a lover, I lose weight.
I can't stand my weakness, crying, shuddering in the early morning, want-
ing the day to hurry by. I'd do anything to pass the time, gamble, drugs,
masturbation. I hate masturbation because no one answers my cries into my
oh so lonely world. I stifle myself, place the dirty sheets in my mouth,
gagging makes me come longer, faster, quieter. When I have a lover, I stop
shaking, otherwise I shake all the time, I can't sit still, my dreams are
disasters, train wrecks and car wrecks. I find myself under their wheels,
ground down; when I have a lover, I'm in the train or car, we're going on
just smoothly, it seems like forever. Now I'm alone, I spend another week-
end night by myself, all my friends have lovers, they're all having fun
running around to parties and bars. I call two people I know, they're out
as well, and I don't have many friends, and I'm scared about calling the
others, perhaps they'll hate me. I turn on this machine praying for excit-
ing mail, but nothing happens. I pray the smartest woman in the world will
write to me and want me more than anything and she lives right next store
and why didn't I notice. I pray I'll just run down these flights of stairs
and now I will have something to do on Saturday night besides surf the Web
looking for long-dead highschool friends and foes. I pray she'll be at the
bottom of the stairs just waiting for me with the biggest smile in the
world and we'll lock arms and lips forever. But then I wake up and I'm un-
der the train again and the train is moving slowly and my body is quickly
losing consciousness, and I think that every day without you is a little
death and I'm so scared of being abandoned and alone, and the world is far
too wide for me - take the average building cornice - it could crush me
just like that, and there are lots of them on every building, lots of
buildings and countries and even forests I think still. And I don't want
to be crushed, I want you to come along and I'll close my eyes and all the
cornices will go away (just like that!) and you will make me whole and
complete again, and I will look and act just like a real fine person who
has so very much to give you, that has been tied up inside of me for so
long. (You see, I am a very lonely person.) But it is a long Saturday
night just beginning and now I have to get through it by myself, and dry
my tears and try and hold on to what is left of my precious innocence, so
that I will be ready the day you come by, (I hope it is today, I really
do!) and I am sure it will be soon, but every morning I wake up crying,
knowing the real truth, that I have all this love inside of me, and no one
wants it, I have no one to give it to.


