


Transitional Objects and the Internet, Towards a Theory


Transitional objects, intermediaries between the world of adult inscrip-
tion and infant totality, include such things as dolls, blankets, and
stuffed animals. Like pillows hugged by an adult sleeping alone, they are
part of the body, part of the world; like pillows, they are soft, giving
to the touch, caressing.

Love seeks the caress of the transitional object, which flowers into the
release of the carapace of culture. 

These objects are closely related to the breast; part solid, part liquid,
they flow around the mouth, the arms, the chest. They never seem to div-
ide, which is why there is such tragedy in a broken doll or torn teddy-
bear. The face sinks into them, speaks with muffled tones; nouns and verbs
coalesce in a literally unspoken unity.

I would say that the space and time of the transitional object are amorph-
ous, only partially divided, segmented. It is the sunless space of the
dream, for example, but it is not the space of dream-narrative. Nor is it
the space of death or near-death experience, so much as the space of birth
and birth's continuity into life. Like love, it is comforting, inchoate.

One is free within this, but it is not a question or problematic of free-
dom, and it is not a state of difference or signification. It is a port or
harbor in every direction, landscape without a viewpoint, perfect air and
temperature.

It is a space of drool, moisture, flux, the open mouth, an oral space, the
space of oral love. It is no longer of, and not of, the body (as in the
abject), but the body's extensive space prior to mitosis. (We return to it
over and over again in wryting our philosophy, our reversible mitosis, but
language simply _doesn't do_ - for me, this results in an obsessive-com-
pulsive wryting, not granting myself any other form of existence, exit-
ing. Think of Opal Whitely's writing in this regard.)

Here, in this space, I argue that we are within the transitional - between
speech and text, between one and another, message-bases as pools among us.
Through projection, introjection, and hysteric embodiment, we sink into
one another, and there are both recognitions and misrecognition. The space
is flux, apparent totality, fluid; it is a space of love in which, how-
ever, one must read or write in order to be present - the signifier plays
an uncharacteristic role, the noisy announcement of silent presence, per-
haps. It is clearly a space of infantilism as well, so safe and intimate
(I am writing to you in my underwear, on my computer, next to the bed)
that flaming, anger, rage, tears, love, and sexuality seem more natural
and open than with the clothed, withdrawn, bodies of adults always already
inscribed within the socius.

It is in many respects, a space of _return,_ of this birthing - but birth-
ing without the presence of the other's body, and it is this characteris-
tic that creates the _tragic_ here as well.

All of our social relations _here_ are amorphous, shifting, just like the
communities here are susceptible to change. Identity is not nearly as
fixed as in the physical world; in fact, identity becomes not so much a
matter of construct (which it is, of course), as a transitional object
itself, protection and opening to the other. We must never forget this; it
is easy to hurt in this space, to scar another unthinkingly. (It is strik-
ing out at the doll, but the doll which is no longer present, no longer a
_deflection_ - it is striking the air, and the air, not responding, be-
comes the catalyst for further rage.)

Here, we shed speech, clothes, etiquette. One reason that "netiquette"
itself becomes the grounds for contestation is that it is an imposition on
the transitional - which is twisted across rules that are not inherent.
(As if one is swimming in a warm pool, with a sign warning that there is a
current of acid.) It is also the reason that "netanarchy" is prevalent -
not that this anarchy carries, say, the political force of libertarianism
or anarcho-syndicalism, but that it is a reflection of the absence of
space and time among the transitional, recognizing that boundaries immed-
iately construct the social, as if imported from the external, adult world
full of tragedy, responsibility, care, and death. 

Netanarchy is, in form, liquid, or flux; flaming is turbulence within it. 
Instead of seeing flaming as representative of phallic/patriarchal behav-
ior, it can be treated as an _upwelling of the maternal,_ the formation of
language from the inchoate. Flaming is both a breaking-down of the trans-
itional object, and a drive or moment within it. 

Finally there is love and sex, in relation to the Net, beginning and end-
ing on the Net. The "third sex / ascii unconscious" I have written about
elsewhere, occurs precisely in transitional zones - between fantasy and
narrative drawn from the other, between the face of the other, her alt-
erity, and her reflection. The reflection is liquid, entering our dreams,
our scopophilia, desire to possess and be possessed. Such a desire is the
beginnings of the establishment of a sexual economy; releasement returns
to the inchoate, but possession inscribes a totality with broken bound-
aries. The forces operating here are inordinately strong; and we must
remember that, in reading a letter from our lover, we are sounding it out
in our own voice and inner speech (Vygotsky, silent film). We are fully
within our own cinematic presence, bound to teach other through that lan-
guage which separates in the (literal) _first_ place. And we are dreaming,
of moving towards that dawn, of silence, perfect love.


