


Political Economy of Acronym Production in the Name of Love and God


Peter Newman, from the 1996 Harvard Conference on the Internet (reprinted
in The Internet and Society, O'Reilly, 1997):

"I feel there is a certain amount of complexity in the solutions that have
been delivered by the ATM Forum for the control path: not the physical la-
yer, not the hardware, the control path. My first example, my first meas-
ure of complexity is acronyms-per-unit revenue. (I have the official ATM
Forum glossary, April 1996, 44 pages, 500 acronyms.) Alright, not all of
them are ATM but more than half are.

"So I tried to track when the acronyms came in, and there we have a curve: 
acronyms per million dollars revenue. It's falling, it's falling fast; but
we're still at a scary 0.7 acronyms per million dollars revenue. Now you
may not think that 0.7 acronyms per million dollars of revenue is particu-
larly scary; but just think - to get to a billion dollars in ATM/LAN-
switch revenue we will need at least another several hundred acronyms. And
it's the IS departments that will have to understand this complexity if
these switches are in the campus network." 

Writing back and forth with early Net historians / professionals, I came
across EMAM - which is not listed in Babel (dictionary of computer acro-
nyms) but stands for Early Middle Aged Memory, I assume relating to loss.

Now I am in this agegroup and have no EMAM, but then I have not had to
deal with APUR (acronyms-per-unit-revenue), which lends itself to a nat-
ural measurement, the kA, the _kilo-acronym._

We can assume, then, that ATM technology will hang at around 1 kA. (ATM by
the way is "asynchronous transfer mode," a protocol for the Internet based
on "cells" of 53 bytes each.) The Net itself, I think, would be up around
1 mA at the least - growing proportionally as fast as increases in RAM
(random access memory - now, random acronym memory).

I consider all of this a linguistic compression algorithm, by the way,
paralleling the development of the symbolization of mathematics. In both,
the expansion is one to many - a superscript in mathematics means one
thing in algebra, another in tensor calculus, and ATM also refers to the
"automatic teller machine." 

This will end, only, where it began of course, with a _singularity,_ a lo-
go or symbol encompassing everything that ever was, will be, and is. Some-
one will patent it; the logo will be retroactive and recursive - that
someone is already part of it *

-----------

*This reminds me of Hugh Everett III's universal equation in his thesis on
the many-worlds theory of quantum mechanics. I'm sure there are other ex-
amples closer at hand, from Alpha to Omega to Aleph and Beyond.


