



Absolute Negation In Love, Love's Brutality, Phenomena of Asignification


( Just as love doesn't inscribe, rejection expels inscription. Both are
monopolar. )

When Margaret left me, she left. She was no longer in love with me. It
wasn't a matter of changing anything. It wasn't a matter of how I woke in
the morning or my character, and it wasn't a matter of how we woke or why
didn't we go to counseling. It had been obvious for quite a while that
obvious that something was very very wrong, and that no long mattered,
either.

It was a matter, _the_ matter, of breaking a bond, one side of which re-
mained activated, mirror-staging itself without any apparatus other than
the cinematic. I used the camera in fact to lacerate myself.

Rejection in love is absolute: You have given yourself to me, and I don't
want, no longer want, this gift. Your gift is my burden.

I don't ever want to speak to you again. I don't ever want to hear your
voice again. I don't want to sleep with you. I have moved on. I hear the
voice of another, see him in me.

It is not a _question_ or _problematic_ of rejection. It is not an _apo-
ria,_ It is only the demarcation of an absence, marked _without the sig-
nifier,_ and _without signification._ Speech itself is in disarray. It,
the subject, is _helpless._

Whatever is said across the ruins is superfluous. (The word of God cannot
cross these lines.)

Rejection is at the _heart_ of human communication. Statistically, it is
far more common than acceptance. But it is also an existential wager; it
is here that alterity, recognition, inscription, gains import, proceeds.

Think of the mirror-stage in fact as a rejection-apparatus. (Think of the
Sheffer stroke, not both A and B, and its dual, neither A nor B, as a
rejection-apparatus at the heart of propositional logic. Love needs no
logic; reject begins it.)

Rejection's totality is the inverse of love's; it's unstable, bears in-
scription. Thus it is also the origin of origin, self-fulfilling; it
emanates boundary, but the coupling remains broken.

(Parenthetically, I want to emphasize this. Without rejection, there is no
possibility of the other, of love, of anything but drives, pulsion. The
difficulty with on-line relationships stems from rejection's difference
within virtual subjectivity; the body _here_ is always already foreclosed,
tending towards a command set: 

            <save, delete, forward, reply, bounce, kill>.

But within the real, the gaze of the other has the potential to destroy
me, position my body within the realm of embarrassment, shame, rejection.)

It is this breaking that is intolerable, for how can one in love accept an
unworthiness that negates his or her existence? In order to continue, one
must accept and harbor death; death becomes the still-loving. 

As death _circumscribes_ the still-loving, so does inscription lead to a
lessening of love ... perhaps ... the period of hope ... the period of
hopelessness ... the period of mourning ...

(I have said over and over again, that one emerges, as an adult, from the
site of a child whose scar tissue is carved in the shape of a human. The
scars of love, however, do not render the body _historical,_ embedded in
time; they only muffle the remnants of eternal truth.) 

These musings remain disordered, for writing itself cannot assuage the
site of (its) perfect absence. Like the current state of the origin of the
universe, this origin remains striated from without, inchoate from within,
leaking. One can never return; one can never return back far enough. There
are limits to the world we are born within, the node of birth, the vector,
the linear horizon of death.

What writing _does_ is to begin the resurrection of the wor/l/d, thus to
recuperate a certain real, bypassing silence, leading from one letter to
another, a continuation of texts:

<< It was writing that bypassed hope and hopelessness. It was the brutal,
inert mass of the written, the dank breath of thought, the tomb of flesh,
touch, affection. Because I am neurotic, I wrote myself into perfect non-
existence. Because I am neurotic, my fingers prolong my existece. >>

<< As if, it may not be a life, but at least it's _speech._ >>


