


I'm reading September Byte, watching the tech get away from me, go some-
where else, acronyms I hardly understand anymore. Cover story on ActiveX
Demystified, more mystified than ever (meanwhile Wired, always up-to-
date, has a story on the sequel to Myst).

I'm not keeping up; after TCP/IP, I have a vague knowledge of ATM for
example, but more of abounding acronyms. I haven't programmed Java, only
Javascript, have no access to a cgi-bin to play around with. I can't af-
ford a decent VRML editor, and the books are too expensive at this point
- besides, what's the use - I couldn't even answer the questions in the
VRML newsgroups, and camera/lights/actions/viewpoints leave me cold, even
as a videomaker.

The key to all of this is an article, Publish or Perish, by Richard Hack-
athorn, which talks about push/pull technology under the acronyms of P&S
and R&R. The former stands for "publish and subscribe." Here is part of it:

"For 30 years, the basic paradigm of computing has been request and reply
(R&R). An application requests specific data or services, and a subrou-
tine replies with it.

"But the R&R paradigm is running out of gas. In the dynamic and uncon-
trolled environments of present-day enterprise systems, an application no
longer has the luxury of knowing when and what to request.

"P&S coordinates the components of distributed applications. The concept
started hundreds of years ago, with newspaper publishing. Recently, it
has been applied to a variety of products that coordinate complex distri-
buted applications or replicate diverse information content. P&S is a
connectivity paradigm that separates the role of producer from consumer
va an intermediary, called the broker. [...] The broker manages the in-
teractions so that neither the producer nor consumer need know much about
the other. The architecture is decoupled or loosely coupled."

As in the discussions of standard push-pull, there are three things at
issue - the role of the _subject_ in the midst of this - who is becoming
_standardized_; the issue of _choice_ of content; and the _foreclosing_
of networked applications, which will increasingly transform the Net into
an _appliance architecture,_ rather than an open one.

First, the subject. The subject is interacting more and more with what
used to be called the entertainment model of the Net - i.e. a set of
fixed choices with little leakage. The average user, for example, no
longer has access to commands such as dig, traceroute, or whois (unless
she downloads specific programs for the purpose), and the windowed en-
vironments, while opening to the Net (the new desktop integrations) are
increasingly designed for a productivity paradigm based on the corpor-
ate model. The more interfaces, in a sense, the greater and greater the
distance between one and another subject.

But this will change, and eventually the user will need to know rela-
tively _nothing_ about the Net to utilize it. Java and other languages
will, with increased bandwidth, open up easier telephony and video
channels, with Net community only benefiting. It may be just me, but
MOOs are increasingly appearing like backward bayous (I'm reading James
Lee Burke), rather than active or growing applications.

Second, of course, is the issue of _choice,_ that is, what's actually
available with P&S, to what extent this paradigm augments an already
troubling narcissism across the white/english/usa/Web. Once channels are
chosen, choice is handed over, just as it is with newspaper subscriptions.
There has already been a great deal of discussion about this.

The third issue is that of _foreclosure,_ based on more and more complex
scripting and programming - for example HTML modulating into Dynamic
HTML, DHTML. On one hand, this distancing creates problems for those of
us who don't have access to programming/development communities (and want
to continue to play creatively with the tools); on the other, for K12, it
will make little difference - anyone growing up with computers today will
be able to gravitate "naturally" from Pascal or Logo through Java, or
whatever comes along next.

But for artists or writers like myself, what are the solutions? If we
want to use the latest VRML editors, we had better be prepared to spend a
fair amount of money, or attach ourselves to commercial houses. If we
want to _access_ VRML, we've got to broker for ISDN and at least a
Pentium if not a II or MMX, etc. Already, we become encrusted within the
corporate treadmill; already whatever radical paradigms might remain are
absorbed by technological fetishization.

Finally, this quote from the article: "_Newsgroups._ Lest we forget, good
old e-mail has had P&S elements for a long time. Via group mailing lists,
a producer (sender) can multicast a message to multiple consumers (recip-
ients), who receive the message asynchronously. Add to that the concept
of a BBS, and we have the Internet newsgroups, which are alive and heal-
thy amid Web frenzy. Newsgroup creation and threaded messages are impor-
tant concepts to be absorbed into P&S."

And Jan Udell's Web Project column this month is entitled "HTML + NNTP =
Groupware, HTML-enabled e-mail and NNTP conferencing will make hypertext
authoring and collaborative data management a routine way of life for
everyone." This is being implemented with an in-house NNTP server at
Byte's site. (NNTP is the Usenet, newsgroup protocol.) ...

The jury is still out. What should be noted, again, are:

1 Changing roles for the Internet user, who needs to be less and less con-
cerned with the underlying architectures and configurations. 

2 Greater encapsulation of offered data, greater filtering.

3 Foreclosing of mechanism, and a tendency towards an appliance-model,
related to entertainment paradigms.

4 Development in direct relationship to the business/corporate community,
rather than, say, the exigencies of free-form virtual communities.

5 And as usual an increasing need for more bandwidth and higher-end mul-
timedia computers. 

In relation to the last, it should also be noted that:

6 The price for bandwidth and computers is drastically falling, and the
used computer market is increasingly offering highly usable middle-range
machines for very little.

7 It may eventually be easier to install high-end machines in regions of
relative telecommunications underdevelopment, than, say, text-based only
machines, since the latter require considerably more training, and may be
less cost-effective in the long run.

8 The goal of universal access, which has only even been considered with-
in the past 3-4 years, is probably attainable within the next quarter-
century, if not earlier.

- Alan

URL:     http://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/~spoons/internet_txt.html
MIRROR with other pages at:   http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt
IMAGES: http://www.cs.unca.edu/~davidson/pix/           TEL 718-857-3671
EXPERIMENTAL (on and off): http://166.84.250.149   Editor, BEING ON LINE



Love, The Blue Glow of Dawn


"Now imagination is a discourse of transference - of love. Through and be-
yond desire that longs for immediate consummation, love is edged with emp-
tiness and supported by taboos." (Julia Kristeva, Tales of Love.)

"Today Narcissus is an exile, deprived of his psychic space, an extrater-
restrial with a prehistory bearing, wanting for love. An uneasy child, all
scratched up, somewhat disgusting, without a precise body or image, having
lost his specificity, an alien in a world of desire and power, he longs
only to reinvent love. The ET's are more and more numerous. We are all
ET's." (ibid.)

Signifiers pass among us, one among another, among one; who can count? A
resonance _among,_ not surface to surface, but pathways, bones dredged
from our children, ourselves. The deferment of the signifier is not its
constitution, but the constitution of love, "wait a moment," the pause
unfulfilled, from which worlds, not words, emerge, chthonic, inchoate.
With you, I remember my first steps, uneasy height of rooms and tables and
chairs around me, the mystery of sounds, light's caress delineated by
accompanying shadows ...


Because of love, the engine slows, vortex dissipated as the plane glides
in languor towards the ground, there are passengers, queues, faces glow-
ing in the blue dawn, the slightest breeze, the birthing of the world, not
through Logos or Word, through murmurs, cries, mewlings; through faint
whispers, the gleam of moisture among us so early in the morning ...


"Nervousness produces chains, ( ... )

"_Expectancy_ makes me painfully sensitive to my incompleteness, of which
I was not aware _before._ For now, while waiting, "before" and "after" be-
come merged into a fearsome "never." Love and the loved one erase the reck-
oning of time ... The _call,_ its call, overwhelms me with a flow in which
the upheavals of the body (what people call emotions) are mingled with a
whirling thought, as vague, supple, ready to pierce or to wed the other's,
as it is vigilant, alert, lucid in its impetus ... toward what? Toward a
destiny as relentless and blind as biological programming, as the course
of the species ... A body swept away, present in all its limbs through a
delightful absence - shaky voice, dry throat, starry eyes, flushed or
clammy skin, throbbing heart ... " (ibid.)


"It is comforting to know that the operations of normalization and absorp-
tion lend themselves to a certain therapeutic, ( ... ) a stream occurs
that flattens affect, contains all the sense and nonsense of the world,
and comfortably sutures the subject in eternal transference."

Collapsing changes deflate energy, reduce anxiety. Absorption, as every-
thing is seen, as if it were through my construction of your being, your
eyes, always this internal operation, recuperation, always the potential
for misrecognition, translation gone horribly wrong in the middle of the
night... And normalization, as the confusions, striations, of the world,
are reorganized around a principle of the other, the beloved, so that love
is always a regression, and the greatest gift is the ability to be silly,
skip down the road, and _pun_ ...

I'd say that punning is the symptom of the sine, the thread to destabilize
the whirled, maid in circumstances of friend shipped, de-sired, love.


"Let us not forget transference, the gift of the psyche from one to ano-
ther. Let us remember hypnotic affect, this bipolar collusion among two of
us, processes passing processes back and forth, the intense oscillation of
love."

"Let us remind ourselves, our first _we,_ breath shuttled from mouth to
mouth, transference and its counter, and its reversal, signals resonating,
echoing, finally damping out with the intensity of love's madness in a
world of pain and pleasure:


"'But perhaps age has taught me that the earth is still new, molten at the
core and still forming, that black leaves in the winter forest will crawl
with life in the spring, that our story is ongoing and it is indeed a
crime to allow the heart's energies to dissipate with the fading of light
on the horizon. I can't be sure. I brood upon it and sleep little. I wait
like a denied lover for the blue glow of dawn.' (James Lee Burke, Heaven's
Prisoners)." (Sondheim, Love, The Blue Glow of Dawn)


