


Talk the Talk, Walk the Walk


Psychoanalysis glides on the surface of language.
All these reports from history - Freud, Aristotle, Schreber, now Lacan.
Verbal suggestions and autosuggestions, the analyst's tiniest whispers
 in the receptacle of the ear.
The master texts, all bound in equivalent formats, perhaps numbered, 
 the ABSTRACTS of the Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological 
 Works of Sigmund Freud, edited by Carrie Lee Rothgeb, Chief Technical
 Information Section, National Clearinghouse for Mental Health Infor-
 mation, Library of Congress Catalog Card Number: 73-2144. 
The texts of patients, notes scribbled during the analytical session,
 written confessions, speech and phenomena, recountings, dialogisms.
The constitution, dissolution, reconstitution of international confer-
 ences, seminars, email exchanges, Websites, references and counter-
 references, reformations and counter-reformations.
International journals and archives, popular magazines, self-help 
 books, telephone help-lines, newsgroup and email list communities,
 psychoanalytical and psychological home pages, signature files,
 MOO reading groups. 
Dream reports, personal journals, diaries, late-night telephone con- 
 fessions, dream books, symbol books, newspaper columns.
The _discourse of the humanities_ in general, which becomes _the dis-
 course of the human._
The marginal studies of, say, Sebeok, Birdwhistle; Lakoffs' return to
 the centering of the body; Kristeva's semanalysis; feminin ecriture;
 Mallarme; antidiscourse discourse; discursive formations; habitus and
 milieu; alinguistic phenomena; chora and pre-Oedipal phenomena.
The walkabout, detournement of the artist, splintering of language, 
 psychogeographical immersions, spilled paint, metal shavings, saw-
 dust, depleted stop bath, workprints.
The opening, screening, venue, fashion statement, black dress, _look,_
 age, gender, religion, race, height, class, accent, vagaries of ap-
 pearance. 
The silence, intervention, absence, lack, gap, hiatus, break, pause, 
 interstice, break, release, releasement, wait, pose, abyss, vacuum, 
 void, hole, plateau, opening, striation, mapping, grid, node, vector,
 arrow, category-theory, fractal theory, chaos theory, model logics, 
 intuitionism, the unspoken.
The glide on the surface of language, glide above the sheaves of the
 Web, glide beneath the TCP/IP protocols, glide within the ascii
 texts, skimming glide above javascripts, penetrations through java,
 perl, cgi-bin, faltered glide through VRML, it is now safe to shut
 down your computer, the system is halted, system halted.

