


Particle and Wave


Julu says wave and particle, particle and wave, don't force me to choose,
  she says. Stay here, what am I. :-)
Jennifer says, wave, most likely and definitely wave, undulating with tiny
  hysteresis across the packets, bits and bytes, the tiniest slopes you
  might imagine. Play-acting the particle, datagram, packet, hard-edged
  letter, but definitely wave. Electric-Julu, Julu-Electra, wave and wave.
J says, yes, well, both of
J says, us, but I
J says, you're interrupting, just as
J says, yes, but I thought :-(
J says, you usually do, not thinking very well, are you now?
J says, but I thought, no
J says, well, go on, go on, nothing will satisfy you. :-)
J says, think, I would be particle, would leave
J adds, would leave, turn over in bed, not the signifier, get rid of the 
  quotes, show my body off :-)
J says, and learn to see, I suppose, all those retinal cells firing in 
  terrific clumps. :-)
J says, learn to see, what it means for a body to turn around, new vistas
  in every direction. Loving the body as well, not Julu-Electra, maybe
  Julu-Antigone, the gone thing in the dust. :-(  :-)
J says, Particle-Julu, Particle-Jennifer, there's always a chance we'll
  disappear, bodies don't last forever, they age, disease :-)
J interrupts, they interrupt the world - of the world, they interrupt it.
J says, we're going particle, gone from wave. We're gonna be there with
  our eyes open, weight of the body. We're gonna get out of letter-fetter.
  Our punctuation will be our mouths. Our sex will be our arms and legs 
  and minds. We'll pull our dresses up. We'll smell each other. :-o  :-)
J says, the smell will be strong, it will be silent. We'll mark each other
  with our teeth, our nails. We'll be on the street, everyone will know.
J says, everyone will know, we won't have to say a word. :-)  :-)
J says, we'll hate words, turn our ears on them. We'll have ears, too. 
  We'll listen to the sounds of our bellies, I'll listen to your heart's 
  loud beating, you'll taste my tongue in your mouth, my tongue lightly
  against your eyes, against the small of your back, ever more lightly 
  along your clitoris, your labia. :-o  :-o  :-)  :-)
J says, we'll have other views, exposures, every turn a new landscape of
  intimacy, worlds in the slightest gesture. :-)
J says, remember, it's only a matter of time, remember, we have all the
  time in the world. :-(  :-)
J says, until we're bodies, always a reminder, and then, breathing ...
J and J, wave and particle, particle and wave :-|
J and J, wave and particle, particle and wave :-)
They're silent, poised, dreaming, waiting, suspended, quiet, waiting 
They're silent, poised, dreaming, waiting, suspended, quiet, waiting 
They're silent, poised, dreaming, waiting, suspended, quiet, waiting 
:-(  :-|  :-o  :-o  :-)  :-)  :-)


