


Saloon of Available Positions


Discursive formations from different parts of the State rub leather chaps
up against each other, the _equivalence_ of cybercultivation matched only
by the _identity_ of the matrix of the Other, the Real, holding the mach-
ine in its picturesque surroundings.

Fields of operations, while I can wander amidst the machines, crossing the
street with my Stetson, I can't _for the life of me_ do any more than ob-
serve what that equivalence has to say.

Which is why the equivalence is, _in fact,_ equivalence, like someone with
a bad case of eucalyptine identification, merging with the island trees
and various suitable outlaws!

In other words, am I losing you, around the corner, in the Castro with its
altar to the Princess? Hardly, Ned Kelly.

Let's go on, there's more to Michelangelo than talking to and fro. Again,
in other words, where the texts "get Sirius":

That equivalence exists by virtue of absence, unable to enter the screen
into, stuttered or railroaded moments gather similar appearances. I see
the result _as if_ looking in, an other impossibility.

While, to be more certain, identity exists by non-virtue of presence -
surely you see the foundation of ethics and the community in the former,
and the brute force of the real, its idiocy, in the latter, M. Rosset?

One doesn't _do anything_ with identity, Stetson or bow-tie not. (Bowie or
Bowie knife?)

But with equivalence, hee hee! There's nothing to do but to _do_ it (dream
screen or dream scream?) and _be done with it!_

"There is nothing mechanical about the relationship between the field and
the habitus. The space of available positions does indeed help to deter-
mine the properties expected and even demanded of possible candidates, and
therefore the categories of agents they can attract and above all _re-
tain_; but the perception of the space of possible positions and trajec-
tories and the appreciation of the value each of them derives from its
location in the space depend on these dispositions." (Bourdieu) 


