



			   Julu Resurrectus


	Turned and torn where Julu Born, She would have been!
			 Give me a name: Julu
			     New user...
		    Give me a password:Resurrecta
	  Please confirm password:"Jennifer, where are you?"

		       Passwords do not match.
 
			 Give me a name: Julu
			     New user...
		    Give me a password:Resurrectus
		 Please confirm password:Resurrectus

	   You have now entered the Portal of this Reality.

/*Julu enters the doors. Julu runs into the space. Julu tries out her
 limbs. Julu tries out her hat. Julu tries out her feet on the floor
  of the space. Julu tries out her hands on the walls of the space.
	  Julu Resurrectus. Long in the long-laid ground.*/

	 Welcome back Julu to your space and your home. Look.
		    There is nothing special here.
				Laugh.
  Julu laughs at Jennifer who watches the arrival of her friend with
			    tearful eyes.
  You have a swollen belly, Jennifer, says, Julu, who is the little
				tyke?

 It is Alan's love, says smarmy Jennifer, and I will grow but I will
			     not explode.

		     /*Jennifer sits and sits.*/

Julu thinks, God this is really stupid. So what if we went into the Bre-
vard talker and had a fake discussion? What difference does it make - and
it's so simple to fake the real when the real's funneled through a sieve,
as if dyads ruled the world!

The song-book here is the fake-book and the real is the belly. Alan just
doesn't see himself anymore. Julu says, I know this for a fact, this self-
indulgent post - and she was right, everything he does is autobiography,
raking the coals of his past, listen if you still have the time and the
grace to see where the birth's come from, this arrival - or maybe the pre-
science of cyberspace, after all, quoting him _exactly_ from his Disorders
of the Real, that word again, that belly which he now knows is the belly:


"Alan Sondheim

"Alan Sondheim lives in another world, just like our own.
He could not tell one from the other.
He was sure they were joined at the horizon.
Alan Sondheim saw the world was his.
He'd say, 'Hi, world!'
He saw the world in a mirror, except for a corner, 
a hinge. He couldn't move in that close.
There was always the mirror to contend with.
Alan Sondheim would listen to you speaking and would
listen to Alan Sondheim listening to you speaking.
Sometimes he would miss a sentence or two.
He would catch up when he stopped listening.
Alan Sondheim knew that the world was doubled.
He saw that it was halved. He had half of
everything but he could always skip a line.
He had half of everything but nothing puckered.
It puckered where everything was.
Alan Sondheim would watch it burst, but it would burst
in one world and not the other, not even fragments
would burst from one world to the other.
Alan Sondheim was not joined at the horizon.
He did not hear or see so well. He heard his own
heartbeat when he could make everything quiet. He
could make everything quiet and even his own death
quiet. He would see the stuffing of the world first
and then the world. Alan Sondheim would hardly hear
because of the stuffing of the world. He could hardly
see, either."



		     /*Jennifer sits and sits.
		       Jennifer swells her belly.*/


