


Language, Porosity, Quotation, Notes On


"Everyone makes jokes about macaroni, because it is a hole with some-
thing around it, or about canons. [sic] The fact that we laugh doesn't
change the situation, however; the fashioning of the signifier and the
introduction of a gap or a hole in the real is identical." (Lacan, VII)

"Lyotard comes close to what I have in mind when he says:

   The ambiguity of writing, object of reading and of sight, is
   present in the initial ambiguity of drawing. An open line, a
   line closed on itself. The letter is an unvarying closed line;
   the line is the open moment of the letter which perhaps closes
   again elsewhere, on the other side. Open the letter, you have
   the image, you have the emblem, the symbol and the letter.
                                (Lyotard, The Lyotard Reader, 48)

"Lyotard's beautiful evocation of the sinuous interweaving of the line
of writing and that of picturing points to a third term, to some con-
ception of the line before it has acquired the cohesion imparted to it
by either of its 'decisions.'" (Michael Carter, Putting a Face on
Things, Studies in Imaginary Materials)

Between macaroni and drawing, language noodles out, appearing in a dia-
lectic between the foreclosing of syntax and sememe, and the porosity of
the struggle towards coherence within any number of communicative chan-
nels, ranging from human speech to the reconstruction of true or false
memories in the brain.

If we look at a computer complete with operating system, we discover a
hierarchy of apparently relatively autonomous languages, beginning with
hardware, and working up to the user interface. These might include
machine language, assembly language, macroassembly languages, compiled
and interpreted languages, scripts, graphic interfaces, and so forth.

We can also consider these languages, top-down, as an extension of human
psychological operations and memory as well.

If we look closer, say, at Perl, we find that it can call up the Unix
shell and shell scripts, that it can call up programs in other lang-
uages, that it can interact in fact with assembly language, that it is
written in another language, and that it may itself be called up by
still another or the same language. We find it can interact with
scripts, programs, or processes, and each of these can call the other up
as well.

In fact, we can define a macro in Perl, a new function or verb, with any
of these languages, etc,, and we can define an object in Perl as well,
with any of them. In fact, one might note that there is above all a syn-
tactical plateau or intermeshing of plateaus that constitutes the posi-
tioning of Perl in relation to the machine, to the Internet, to the
user, and in general, to the porous world within which it is embedded.

We find then, that Perl is not so much at the top of a hierarchy, as it
is embedded in a holarchy, and while it, in a certain sense, might still
appear as an autonomous language, in another sense it is an accumulation
of interwoven well-defined processes that are coherent in relation to
each other and the outer world.

So that one might argue, taking these instantiations back into the
human, that while thought itself is in relation to human spoken
language, that is hardly the long or short of it; in fact, it is dif-
ficult to tell where semiosis begins and ends, and what constitutes a
well-defined verb or noun, in other words a framework. Further, while
difference may be said to be partly constitutive of a domain of sig-
nifiers, one might also argue that it is based on other processes within
the holarchy, and that the holarchy itself is porous in relation to the
real.

And I would argue in addition that there is a continuum (more properly,
perhaps, a stretch of rational fractions) from the real through lang-
uage, from the exhalations of speech through the mouth, and the recep-
tion of facial expressions through the eyes, from and to, in fact, num-
erous modalities - and in the midst of these, syntactical islands or
attractors which operate as-if the linguistic were capable of foreclos-
ure on what then appear to be various plateaus.

One might thing of the world as multiplexing, parallel/parallel proces-
sing, with formalization of the symbolic where necessary, for transmis-
sion, say, from one organism to another. This is not to argue, in addi-
tion in addition, for the computerization of the real, but rather for
the real itself as organism with continuously multiplying, coalescing,
and dissolving processes.

In this manner, the disjunction between thought and non-thought, and
both in conjunction and disjunction with language, become bridged, re-
routed into numerous processes, of which, say, human language and the
rationalizing/suturing discourse of psychoanalysis would be one among
many elements.

--

My own work exists as _debris-work,_ work of the debris, of these troub-
ling and interstitial areas. Thus, even within writing which must tend
towards a certain foreclosure, I present wryting, the fiction of writing
object and person within a text, object and person which leak into
uneasy dreams, fantasies, ghosts, peripheral shadows within the real
itself. Further, I present processes as writing, writing as processes; I
present foreclosure as broken, and a shattering of the vessels as fore-
closure.

--

Languagings extend into cultural sheaves, such as fashion, style, cul-
tural productions. Such sheaves are inherently irreducible; fashion, for
example, is dependent upon the armature of the body, but its specificity
is interwoven with the rest of culture, including issues of capital,
temperament, governance, and so forth. And all of these create an uneasy
fit with spoken language itself, with music, with organized/disorganized
sound of all sorts.

Further, fashion-as-language becomes as problematic as film language,
the languages of art, and so forth. A hat, for example, is simply a
thing that sits on the head (presumably remaining there through the
normal walking, etc. movement of the body). Beyond that, what signifies
and what doesn't is often difficult to discern. The _stream_ of style is
easier described, perhaps, as if there were a generalized semantics at
work. (See Carter, op. cit.) (Note that "what signifies here" is rele-
vant to the postulation of a basic lexeme; semantics, symbolization,
chaotic representational debris, etc., all play a role in constituting
what otherwise might be considered a "language." Instead, I postulate we
are dealing with linguistic part-objects, broken and severed codes,
micro-territories (three or one flowers on the hat; roses or tulips;
forward or backward, etc.). And this leads, as well, into the interplay
of semantics and syntax, even the interplay of what might be considered
a relevant series of signs.)

And further, still, ascii texts on the Internet employ what might be
considered a variety of extra-linguistic cues - on numerous chat lines,
ranging from Powwow to ytalk, it is possible to read the pace of the
other's typing, to the extent that one might speak/write of a written
_parole._ This embedding of language into the other's time reveals the
closeness, pressure, of the body against the keys, an intimacy which is
not as evident in the encapsulated messages sent out all at once, on
MOOs, talkers, IRC, and the like.

(For this reason, as I have pointed out elsewhere, ytalk becomes an in-
timate simulacrum of the body; the "breathing" of the texts between two
participants parallels that of lovers sharing a unified, if discordant,
space.)

Then there are, of course, emoticons, header information, lag, the tim-
ing of mail sent, and those porous extensions of the telephone, snail-
mail, video, etc. all of which serve literally to confuse the issue.
(Which is exactly the point here, that _language,_ _a language,_ is a
situated plateau in the midst of others, that there are always already
issues of governance and porosity from the start, that there is a tend-
ency towards foreclosure, that the porosity may or may not be formal-
ized (for example there are specific commands for shell access from a
Perl script) - that, in fact, one might consider a generalized process
of _worlding_ which includes all and none of these, what may or may not
be interpreted as an abstract process, message of the deepest import, or
signal through an autonomic nervous system, seemingly intent on keeping
the organism alive.)

---

J, Well, it's time for the Law.
J, Well, now, what Law would that be?
J, That would be the Primordial Law. That would be the Law from which
Law has blossomed, the Law which has curtained a mighty culture.
J, Now that would be the Law of Prohibition.
J, Exactly, when negation came into the world, when rejection ordered
the day and night, when suddenly the signifier sputtered from the skin..
J, I get the Idea.
J, Yes, and exactly again.


