


The Discourse of Lovers in the Absence of the Fullness of Bodies


I've been writing privately and thinking about the discourse of lovers, as
well as Barthes' A Lover's Discourse, which I recommend, since email and
telephony permit little else. Talking to someone I love on the telephone,
I may hear background sounds, and if the call costs but little or not at
all, there may be a luxuriousness compared to, say, ytalk, that is a time
to expand, to develop parallel histories over incontrovertible distances,
what I used to call the obdurate. 

So that there is this discourse, enunciated, described by Barthes, the
tremblings, swervings, the engulfings, the cry "I love you" itself, an ut-
terance emptied of everything but, I think, desire, membrane, and suture -
there is this discourse, and it is both overly commonplace and the carrier
of worlds which can never be spoken, which churn past language and the
symbolic. Words turn elsewhere, then; they become _carriers,_ losing their
referent - they turn indexical, enveloping turmoil, asservation, archaic
passion. They don't channel, but they occupy channels; love surrounds them
like flesh on bone. It's the bone which gives access to time across dis-
tance, the bone which sutures the relationship into the form of the com-
monplace ('I love you, come live with me'), but it is only the bone, and
it is not the bone which gives meaning, but the (' ') which might be
considered a _general proximity_ occasioned by love, the solace of scent
or touch, the intimacy of nest, domus, place. Love is the occasion of bo-
dies, and speech is driven hence by technology; the phone makes allowance
for breathing, ytalk for the caress of the words themselves, punning,
backtracking, devolution. I would write myself into the body of the screen
_in the manner of speech;_ sleepless, I write this as if the fetish-magic
of metalanguage itself, _this_ writing _now,_ would bring us together in a
warmth of _unwriting,_ unsaying, silence of proximal bodies.

But it is the language that pulses here, on the surface, the photographs
that expand into pools of pleasure, and it is upon this screen, and this
screen alone, that I become a fallen object, offering what little there is
left of my gift of language, writing, speech, scent, touch. And so I do
say _fallen,_ but rising, towards silence, through the thicket of speech,
so breathless in presence, deferred. (Thus differance may be an act of
love, deconstruction the pleasure among us.)


