


Now, Jennifer's Neat Story


Sammy J. lived near the intersection of Hon and Neko streets, up on the
hill. He could see the city from the balcony, hear the buses making their
way through the crowded streets. At night he paced nervously, cigarette at
hand; it seemed everyone smoked in the compound. He had his typewriter,
his computer. He'd type by hand first, the mechanism of the Royal conten-
tedly clicking away, letter after letter, a bad novel impressed on worse
paper, something to be cleared up later on the computer. The computer
opened to the sky, he reasoned, it was there he found himself looking back
at his family Stateside.

Tonight was no different, except for the wash of rain and mud down the
stairs carved to the city basin. Everything was satisfying; he leaned
back, listening to the sounds of the sirens.

Mbuto had been late on the shift, but made up with quickturns of the
ambulance, heading for the harbor. The moon cut a sliver in the sky; the
radio churned out code and unidentified. In his spare time, he monitored
shortwave, specifically 14500 to 14800 of the band, where the strange
signals began, 14562, 14580. Their provenance still unknown, he drove his
sleek black vehicle into a tree.

Father Emanual was on the beach; the body was that of an older man, some-
what bearded, in his prime of life. The deceased radiated cool intelli-
gence, much like the talk-show host who was having an affair with the calm
and collected man of God. Father Emanual wondered, as did Police Sergeant
Noble, who he was, and in what manner of apparently violent death the un-
known had met his end.

Typing rapidly away, Sammy wrote to Elinor, his true Australasian love,
now in the sunny clime of Bermuda. All he could remember of his time with
her was white balcony, white railing, pink house, her eyes, some sand. He
knew, tragically, he would never meet her again, and was just about to
write the same, when the lights went off, the hard drive crashed, and a
faint plume of smoke would have been visible from the computer, if only
there had been a moon or meteor. 

Nervously, Mbuto walked down the hill, slightly stunned, the powerlines
crackling across the ambulance. What manner of death was this, he wanted
to know, touching himself - still alive, he'd call for his own vehicle to
take him to hospital, if only, if only, and he couldn't remember anything
again.

Father Emanual thought back to Beauty Argentina; perhaps she had something
to do with it. An uncanny presence in the provincial town, she had arrived
the day before yesterday with something on her arm. She said little, but
why should she; a stranger or Kazayin, alien, she was making herself felt
by her mien, her hat, the slightest shrug of her shoulders. Little did
Emanual know she was the lover of the body just above the waterline, both
before and after death, a secret she had never let emerge from her partly
parted lips. 

Mbuto, memory back, quickly assessed the situation; he remembered Beauty
Argentina from the old days, had in fact corresponded with her. A woman of
fathomable intrigue and mystery, she revealed all to him one night, fiber
optics hurtling pseudonym after pseudonym across the murk. Her appearance
tallied with his last view of the black vehicle, now burst into flame, as
Sammy J. struggled with the Royal in the dark. His novel would come soon,
almost any minute, as Beauty had suggested; it was only a matter of time. 
In a few minutes, his son would arrive; Beauty's lover, they had gone to
the shore for a swim. 


