


State of the Arts / Arts of the State


With the advent of the Internet, and seamless virtual reality already pre-
sent on the horizon (say 2020), distribution of dematerialized or bit-wise
art is no longer a problem; anything reaches anyone in the future. What is
lost is already half-forgotten, which is the phenomenology, say, of paint-
ing, and I feel a need to address this as well; the overdetermination of its
aesthetics has resulted in painting as a problem of exhausted signs - a
problem that's critical for the future.

For the body of painting can also be considered via a chiasmus, a painted
body, that is to say, a body which is _known_ in a manner almost always
absent from a photograph or digital image. This knowledge is tacit know-
ledge, chthonic; it relates to an earth prior to sign, but never primor-
dial, an accustomed or customary earth.

And it is this _tending_ towards paint, a care, and care for deep-sight-
edness, that is already getting lost - and the result (and partial cause)
is a fetishization of the Web, equivalence, the machinic, and ultimately
capital, which appears to subsume itself in the name of radicality.

I think that painting offers a certain resistance, coupled with a contin-
uous emergence of the material-inert, a resistance in spite of its central
role as artistic merchandise. The Web on the other hand is all-too-fluid,
even given limited bandwidth; we're becoming a nation of cultural produ-
cers whose idea of revolution is hypertext, frames, and Java. I think this
will stay with us a long time.

Listen: We can turn it on, virtual reality, by 2010. Any problem gets lost
in it. Any world opens up. Any relationship gets recuperated. Any sex gets
any sex. Listen: We can live forever. We can lift mountains, fly. We can
die and die again. Listen: We don't have to listen. We don't have to list-
en nohow again. 

But listen: I drag my painting to you. My hands have held a brush which
covers the surface. The painting is a caress. I can't speak for all paint-
ings, but there is always this potential. Like walking across country;
there are no jumpcuts.

There is room for everything in the future but they will be online and no
longer want to fuck. They don't love.

There is room for everyone in the future but they will be able to avoid
them and spend their perfect bodies they don't love.

And but they will turn off their virtual screens in their virtual rooms,
withdraw to their virtual rooms and turn off their virtual screens: I warn
you. (They will magnify paintings. They will be resolution-addicts, greedy
for bandwidths. Th'users. They will magnify and magnify. They'll say
'fractal,' signing cybergangs.)

Find me. Roam the city.


