


Notes for a Terrific Novel that I'm Sure will have a Surprise Ending!


Which I do work on: "Her nights, his days. Her days, his nights."

And that he comes to a foreign city and does not understand the language.
And that the airport is brown. He's got a sheet of paper, he can't de-
cipher. What is it, where is she. He shows it, there's a taxi, a sheroot,
he gets in, it's already old, nervous. He goes somewhere, recognizes
nothing. Characters in other scripts, cuneiforms for all he knows. Llamas
cross his path.

But the city's vacant, her place is vacant. Locked or unlocked - in this
novel, it won't make a difference. He goes in, the door opens. There's
nothing, no clues. It's clean, no dust, breakins. He doesn't know. This is
a man, Travis maybe, who doesn't know a thing.

He can't find her friends because everyone shrugs. He meets people who
speak his language, easy now. They know her. They haven't 'seen her
around.' She's the kind of person one sees around. She's private. But
there are no rumors, nothing. She works in medicine.

Well, she hasn't been at the clinic. Nothing is missing. You can see where
this is going, of course. Doors close behind him, before he reaches the
knob. The keys are like Berlin keys, they go through the hole, out the
other side. That's important, there are windows through rooms and no one
is ever looking.

Now something has to happen for the novel to be a novel, what then? Per-
haps a clue, but there are always clues, even clues in the beginning of
things, the glance of a dark-haired woman at the airport, a slip of cel-
lophane on the floor of her flat. Clues are things that gather meaning,
reverse time, reconstitute events. But things are cluttered here; the
sook is filled with blood where the animals are slaughtered, nomads come
in from the countryside, shrines are staffed by garage gong bands. The
Genkai Park inexplicably closes down; there are guards, something's hap-
pened. 

No clues then, but this happening. What could be on the run. Later, two
people are captured, he doesn't understand. There's a celebration in the
city involving a wheeled boat which capsizes against chains of humans
carrying placards of waves. People are really injured and the clinic's on
hand.

He finds food, stays in her place. He's ill-at-ease, a woman comes wear-
ing a veil and he pays the rent, holding up the currency of his country. 
He's surprised how little everything costs. He should feel as if he were
now a part of her life, the woman who was going to meet him, but he does-
n't. He might wear a bracelet or necklace one day. He wears her jumpers,
goes out aimlessly. He thinks, it's all come to a halt here.

He finds himself listening to himself finding himself, but he's not lost.
Just that there is this constant wonder at the world. He's more in love
with her than ever before. One day, he goes to a screening of silent
films, Melies. Women are disappearing all over the place. He'll make a
film about a magician, a woman who brings men back to life. The woman
trance-trains, has visions. Then she sets up mechanisms, everyone knows
all of this and she's quite successful. She dies. Her extras are out of
work, lifeless. They form a secret circle. They keep her corpse, have
visions, try to raise the dead. They have visions, but they don't trance-
train, in fact they do nothing at all. She comes back to life.

There's a knock at the door of the flat. He's been there for months, un-
recognizable. His nights, her days. His days, her nights. Whammo-kazowie,
she's at the door. It would be presumption to ask. She talks about vis-
ions, what she knows. Beneath the flat, there are missile silos. Next
door, enigma code writers are hard at work. Across the way, the buildings
are part of the largest ship ever constructed, you can see the alley-
gangway down to the sea. The ship begins to move, everything shakes for a
minute. The ship stops again, earthquake he says, no she replies.

She's learned everything, signs and symbols. She can't read the cuneiform
either, but insists it isn't important. What comes between the letters,
she confides, that's it more or less. What comes between the letters, he
realizes, is his own alphabet. Everything shudders, they take the Shin-
kansen back to the sheroot stand near the roman ruins. The drivers are
different and perhaps she departs.

But the novel won't go this way. It will be populated with expatriates,
colorful characters named Abdul, Charisma, and Jennifer. They'll drink 
a lot and expostulate. There will be all sorts of other horizons strat-
egically across going-native. Sarongs and turbans, veils for the women,
who would and wouldn't. There are fires on the other side of the city -
they never come nearer. Guerillas, one opines. They listen to the short-
wave, marry local, leave one by one. They fan out across the city. 

No, they don't, nothing like that happens. There are clues to the woman's
disappearance. The airport appears to be a mechanism of some sort, the
runways laid out in shamanic configuration, easy hiragana squared off for
the takeoff and approach. The stewards knew he was arriving. The pilots
watch him, uneasily, warily, he can't help noticing. Whatever is afoot
takes him by surprise. Nausea, fear. 

And then, the rest of the novel. Things happen, everything's written in a
wonderful realism carrying the reader to and fro among strange and mar-
velous events. The reader's excited, always thinking about what will
happen next. The characters are strongly drawn. The plot thickens and
thins. Local color! Naturalism! An ending no one will ever forget!


