




Parting the Thirty-Fourth


Clara reached over for her box of cigarettes; if Avi didn't leave soon,
all hell would break loose. He'd already fallen off the futon three times
in the night, what would you expect from a gaijin who faded in and out of
the desert weekly.

The Desert Weekly, lead story: Gaijin loses grip on wadi edge, plunges two
meters to gravel pitstop, slight remains of moisture lapped by desert
frogs. Pictures, page 2.

When he left, she turned on the radio, cd player, computer, called the
airport, Fukuoka International. The name for city was 'ir,' Fukuoka-Ir
carved in cuneiform on the corner lintels everywhere. They never let you
forget. Flight 75, San Francisco, Oregon, Nepal, Catalina Island, Oman,
Fukuoka-Ir in that order. It was on time and she imagined the plane poised
perfectly in a planetary ring, waiting for the moment to descend. She
dressed, left the bet-ie, headed down the street.

The llamas were waiting as she stepped into the troika. She headed out on
Number One Highway, south, left on Shogun. She hadn't worn her hat, see,
for quite some time now. They stopped by the marshes, approximately five
kilometers from the terminal. She watched the plane make perfect descent,
dialed Robert immediately, continued on her way.

When Robert answered the phone, Jane was in the other room. They spoke in
whispers, aha. She told him all about the recent demographics, head-
counts. Later he'd say she was nervous, preoccupied. He was a specialist
in cartoucherie, useful where the only secure mode of communication was
still clay-based. Lady Sarashina had written

 Were it not for river rock and pine
  This clay would not have impressed
   My name, my love, your _hon_

or book, mnemonics of his mind, to whom she had written, borrowing from
Chinese Ch'in-fu, the impress of the reed pen, striations of thought as
the seven strings, seventeen vibratos, sounded, then faded into ma. Clay
into thought, material into the silence of the word, all this heaven.

Clara was circumscribed by Robert's interest in her demographics, by the
movements of llamas across the burning plains, by the distance of the
troika (found by the side of the road) from the airport. Her disappearance
dissolved into the gaze of Travis, waiting for her, waiting and waiting -
a gaze transformed into a glance, then the look-see of astonishment as he
began to understand she might never meet him again. Would he remember her
voice, enumerating herds, packs, gaggles, schools, flocks, enervated
groupings of the awkward black mammals, their armor-plating clacking in
the heat of the day? 

Every one of these people were breathing, in and out.

Clara turned over lazily, suddenly realizing what had happened. She woke
with a start in utter darkness. The worst had happened. "Travis," she
said, uncertainly, "Travis."

'Yes,' he replied, as a hand slid along her arm, her face, her hair. "I'm
here, darling, I'm here."


