


"I am the psychotherapist"



I am the psychotherapist.  For your protection, I have been censored
according to the Communications Decency Act.  Please, describe your
problems.  Each time you are finished talking, type RET twice.

I cannot understand the language around me. I am moving to Japan.
I am beginning a new life. Oh, what will become of me?

Why do you say that?

Because I worry that I won't be able to recognize myself in the face
of others around me.

Is it because you worry that you will not be able to recognize
yourself in the face of others around you that you came to me?

Yes, not so much an alienation but a misrecognition, one of hundreds
of Gaijin, that is all.

Can you elaborate on that?

Koko ga itai n desu, the book says, It hurts here.

Maybe you should consult a doctor of medicine, I am a psychiatrist.

No, this is metaphoric, nothing more. 

Earlier you said you worry that you will not be able to recognize
yourself in the face of others around you?

Yes.

I see...  Well, what makes you believe this is so?

Because I will be framed, because there is this woman ... I want ... 
I don't know ... some sort of success, simplicity in my life ... to
write ... to fulfill my love, my work ... I can't express myself
clearly to you.

I don't understand.

Which part?

Perhaps your plans have something to do with this.

Yes, here we part company, your narrowly-defined nature comes through,
all too well...

Is it because of your life that you are going through all this?

God yes.

You mentioned that you worry that you will not be able to recognize
yourself in the face of others around you?

Yes, in your face as well.

How do you reconcile the people you hang around with?

They are transparent, translucent, now.

Are you sure that they are transparent translucent now?

Yes, halfway leaving, halfway here.

Do you really think you worry that you will not be able to recognize
yourself in the face of others around you?

Yes.

Yes, hmmm... so, what makes you think this is so?

Ah, now you're circular, there is little more to say; this returns,
and doesn't, to the beginning...

Possibly this has something to do with problems at school?

No.

Why not?

School is already in the past.

Tell me about your school.

There is nothing to say in this regard. It's in the past.

Are you afraid of that?

No, well, yes, teaching and all that, what I'm excellent at...

Does it bother you that what you are excellent at?

Don't understand.

Are you frightened by that?

No.

Are you annoyed that I ask that?

No.

Why not?

??

I would appreciate it if you would continue.

There's little more to say. Again, I have a blank face to you, to the
wall. I ask only for recognition, the most minor of sins. I
long... yes, I long...

Earlier you said you worry that you will not be able to recognize
yourself in the face of others around you?

Yes, we are back to that, aren't we?

When did you first know that are not you?

Ah, perhaps on July 31, 1997, I would think.

Maybe any hobbies you have are related to this.

No. Stop guessing...

Is it because of your sex life that you say stop guessing?

No...

Why not?

You repeat.

You mentioned that what you are excellent at?

Teaching.

Go on, don't be afraid.

I know.

Is it because of hangups you have that you are going through all this?

No, language, not hangups. This language, this repetition. We are lost
in these words, they cure nothing.

Why do you say that?

Because they stem from your limitations; I run slipshod around them.

Is the fact that they stem from my limitations you run slipshod around
them the real reason?

Yes.

I understand.  So what makes you believe this is so?

You.

I need a little more detail please.

Just you.

Are you sure that you worry that you will not be able to recognize
yourself in the face of others around you?

Yes. Another try, eh?

How do you reconcile your inhibitions?

I have none here.

Do you really think you have none there?

Yes.

Oh. ...And what makes you think this is so?

Because this is a discursive field, the boundaries yours, not mine.

Does the fact that this is a discursive field the boundaries mine not
yours explain anything else?

Nothing, nothing, nothing.



[ This could continue. Soulsickness has no remedies but presence. Here,
presence circulates around itself; there is no Other. Words, bits and
pieces, are picked up, dropped, smashed. Nothing exists. I am a hole in
the text. The text bores itself, bores through Emacs. The Doctor is very
old, I would say, very very old, the Eliza program present at the begin-
ning of the Internet. I offer this as a gift. I offer myself as a gift 
to my lover, who will drag these words back out of circulation, arrange
them into the semblance of speech. ]


