





Please Note (How I Leave Myself Open To You)


I am coming into my own.
I have been writing for the future. I have been reading what I have
written, and someday, someone will understand me.
My writing must be read carefully: One must be a disciple of my words;
otherwise I will be misunderstood.
To understand my words is to understand the world.
But I am coming into my own.
I am coming into a world harnessed to silence, pillars of marble, 
a harbor, two islands, trees, and a language I will find, in my limited
time, almost incomprehensible.
That is the world I will describe in a work of uncanny fiction, destined
for amazement-publication.
It will comment on the doubled solitude which effaces itself as it turns
towards an exact autumn of intense fulfillment.
There will be hidden messages, secret signs; there will be the singular
fallen leaf facing a temple in the Chiyo district.
I shall remember that leaf, future anterior, just as I remember an equally
singular red blossom on the stem of a Sonoran cactus barely passing back 
into the shadow of (my) life.

Once I wanted to demarcate the world with my brilliance, earning for
myself a position I would have thought of, as immortal among the blanking
history of human thought.
But I wrote and write fragments far too short, fragments which indicate, 
if anything, my doubt in the face of any theory except perhaps a particle
physics of the far distant future.
But then I think to myself, each of these fragments is a book, resonant
with real vibration, a knowledge that can be obtained, written about, in
no other way.
Because this knowledge is, in the midst of my noise, imbued with silence,
because, beyond the crackling of equations and computation, I describe 
the slightest shadow, which is precisely what exists beyond any descrip-
tion.
I might go so far as to say that my own work, to date, has been, not only
this description, but its circumlocution, and that my work has been, in
any case, a circumlocution - which, beyond the crackling of equations, 
is all that is possible.

The autobiographic or diaristic, of course, informs my thinking, which
need have the desire for detail or subject before thought is born to you. 
But there has been a change, and I find myself
writing such, opening up such, to what I have called a singular audience,
hardly an audience at all, but a dialog, offering myself there, closing
myself here. 
For it is a change to proceed with a dialog which a third party might 
in fact record, but there is none such and there is always a question of
recording, and the purport of a continuation for a public (not to mention
the presumption of a public in the first place).
Which no longer fascinates me, and I, it.

And no longer writing with such surety, or security, since I am in general
capable of control of my language, if nothing else.  
But allowing something at times, for example, to fall flat, or watch some-
thing fall flat, not of my making, or of my making, of happenstance.
This releases me from a certain style, or, shall we say, the potential of
a truth which has wrested my other texts from me?
For the proffering of a text, in my case, to a public of whatever sort, 
is also the delineation of a subject which is to be squarely grasped and
shaken, hence, as I say above, something for the future, not for now,
revealed perhaps by careful study, if you find measure and delight in it.

So this text, Please Note, is an obligation to you, an enunciation of a
transformation, whether or not I continue writing in this space.
It is a signal of a difference, as all signals are, marked on occasion by
a less than present participant.
Which means that a reread is always healthy.
Please Note, I will begin myself, with Please Note.
Just as this may be a lure or _punctum,_ and just so, elsewhere, I will
begin myself.


