


Upwelling of Language Sparked by the Simulacra of Thought


If _repression_ might, literally, be situated within the symbolic (fore-
closing a frame), its operation would result in a _deflation_ of the
energy maintaining inscriptive processes.

And if the world is structured through the symbolic, it is more than rea-
sonable to ask, what _exactly_ constitutes this - what are the nature of
quala gathered beneath mimesis, semiosis, equivalence? Surely any organ-
ism negotiating its environment possesses similar processes and exchange.
(Thus it is a mistake to place psychoanalytical processes, conscious and
unconscious, beneath the aegis of language per se.)

One might say, as an addition, that language is in this regard an after-
thought, that if the unconscious or preconscious are structured in rela-
tion to a linguistics, such a linguistics is an emergent property at best,
and more likely a filtered transformation carried out in relation to sim-
ilar processed debris. At what stage does compression foregather in order
to create semiosis? The greatest challenge today, in fact, is _to remove
thought from language,_ thinking from structural carapaces which exist
always after the fact. (The Net, CMC, are otherwise, tending always tow-
ards protocol, text, constructed fetishization tied into commodity struc-
tures.)

The symbolic (as normative language) is interspersed _among_ humans, tak-
ing on the characteristics perhaps of an _extranet,_ qualitatively differ-
ent from internal neural processes. (Think of the _look_ or _gesture,_
announced, transmitted across _perforated boundaries.)

Surely human language is at best _superstructural_ in relation to the
world - so it is reasonable to ask, what grounds the subject within the
world, what are the grounds for the subject? And the answer would be found
within the phenomenology of neural networks, intelligent agents, autonomic
systems, and not within language, speech, instantiation, the linguistic.
(Here I would not take the short-circuit of reducing neural networks to
emergent semiosis, intelligent agents to gatherers of language, and auto-
nomic systems as based on program languages themselves.)

What passes for therapeutic / psychoanalytic language, occurs always al-
ready elsewhere, an acculturated negotiation or construct occasioned by
economy and transference. The picture cannot be drawn within the picture.
Lacan trains his children.

(Anti-parataxis: In the presence of my lover, in the midst of my continu-
ously interrupting speech, I am rendered speechless.)


