

Scratch


I've been working with sexualized (or sexual, descriptive/performative)
images (I sent out a description a while ago), splintering/fragmenting
organs and text - trying to work out a way of describing and disinvesting
cybersex - the imagined embodiment of the other, which is impossible
through computer communication. So that there's a doubling as the images/
organs proliferate, but do so according to easily-determined rules of
transposition.... 

Everything I do is naked, completely transparent. You can see the body
parts smeared across the screen, terminal-decay, terminal-desire. Alone,
uneasy dreams transform culture into the inchoate, genitals into mud, body
fluids into fissures wet with trapped effluvia. 

I am in a losing war with form, spew contained by protocols, arroyos
dammed into the shape of reservoirs. Uneasy dreams transform culture into
the inchoate, genitals into mud, letters into unreadable scars, new scars
not yet settled into time. Between the first and second, there is the
third, between the first and third, there is the second, between the
second and third, there is the first. Between the first and second, there
is the fourth, between the first and third, there is the fourth, between
the second and third, there is the fourth. Uneasy dreams transform letters
into the origin penetrating flesh, layer after layer; ruptured and broken
cells smear disrupted contents against it. Blood gushes to the surface,
and there is no surface. 

What was the surface is under erasure, always discontent. What I do is
absolutely naked, down to cellular interiors; I am full of holes. Holes
spread the body apart, fingers block speech, darkness places the eyes
under erasure. Uncomfortable words are scratched from memory, then all
words are scratched. 

When the words are scratched, there are fissures. When there are fissures,
there is trapped effluvia. One can only imaginary the intimacy of the 
molecular, taste, touch, smell. Uneasy dreams transform culture into the 
inchoate.

(What makes them dreams? A rhythm emerges only to dislocate itself, splin-
tered secondary narcissisms, flashes, eyes. Or something begins in the 
electronic, skitterings across cellular membranes, alliances transforming 
into the symbolic. It's night or it's dark. There is a ledge where the 
dream sits. It is white, more precisely, the color of ivory. Ivory, 
against maroon. The lip is rounded, fissured, filled with effluvia. I 
bring my bright cheek against it, my eyes against it. My eyes are opened 
wide; they make dreams. My eyes are dream-makers. Oh, some say I have 
dreamy eyes. Some say I make dreams.)


