


Always Aquaria


I want to thrust myself out into space. I want to distend myself. I want,
I want tumescence. I want great portents. I want to establish the bulwark
of my name on every packet, bunker on every datagram. 

But look, it's always the question of the aquarium, if not glass, some
other substance, but look, it's always an exhibitionism, but real life is
on the other side, no matter how much someone interprets these patterns as
languaging at the other end. But look, the aquarium is everywhere, I beat
myself, head, arm, arm, leg, cock, leg, against it, beat my mouth against
it. But look, I write words against it, shoved through the narrowness of 
vacuum or display format liquid crystal transistor matrix grid, they hang 
there - there's nothing between one pixel and another, they have nothing 
in common, they're not related, they couldn't care less. 

I press my breasts against the aquarium walls, my nipples are exercises 
in perfect circles, the glass is cool to the touch, nothing happens. The 
language is the language of nothing happening.

I want my eye, blank
and forever vision, singular, at the head of every header. I want the 
spray of routers against the pupil, effluvia of bridges washing the iris
unlidded. 

The aquarium wets my body, I'm curled up, available for site at best. 
Sight has long since disappeared in this world, you only know my location 
which is mobile, electrons sputtering across the world and back. I try to 
bring me back:

I want my eye to reflect my body upon my death. I want my retina
cut open, fixed, so that my image will appear. I want the deadman to appear
everywhere and I want to be that deadman. 

Because the retina supposed carried the gesture of the last light, the 
retina in the throes of death. All light is last light; I see with the 
eyes of the dead, I carry my body as a prisoner in real life, release its 
stain on the wires: aquarium. You know me from the glass I keep.

(...) I scratch my name on the glass, but with what? Everything is taken 
from me, nothing is hard enough. My body glistens:

Close to the speed of light I rush the deadman headlong, rush stream deli-
very, deadman stumbles frame by frame, deadman speaks the message coding. 

(...) Addressing beyond me, the milky effluvia of the solitary dysfunc- 
tional iris, I see through the transparency of codes I have never under- 
stood, as I:

thrust myself distended - there's no flesh here or anymore - my spit is 
messaging, tongue is packeting, my teeth are datagrams, muscular frames 
driving me toward you, driving me everywhere, driving me towards you -

this petty ubermensch running liquid at the mouth, electro-algae coating 
the aquarium, the more I reveal myself to you (frisson!), the less you 
know me (frisson!):

I've given up on real life, where I pull on tumescent life, glow for you,
nameless in the midst of the fury of the wires, in the midst of the storm
of the fiber-optic cables, controlled and harnessed, down to the level of
the text, down to the level of me coming to you, crashing the aquarium,
banging the aquarium, thrusting the aquarium, crying the aquarium, scra-
tching the aquarium, housed and rehoused, nothing but it's inescapable,
nothing but it's me. 


