




Roll


After Maundeville and the analysis of gesture transformed into morphisms,
I am insecure in procedures, reading, rereading, returning to Christine
Rossetti's Goblin Market, and Skelton's verse, both of which roll, lang-
uish, return like Swinburne on the tongue: 

"Curious Laura chose to linger
Wondering at each merchant man.
One had a cat's face,
One whisked a tail,
One tramped at a rat's pace,
One crawled like a snail.
One like a wombat prowled obtuse and furry,
One like a ratel tumbled hurry skurry."

There is possession and action, intentional, protean; the repetition of
"One" implies both totality and separation, a roiling of identity as well.
A certain sonorous and semantic liquidity is present. These themes, with
erotic overtones, return towards the end when Laura's sister Lizzie coats
herself with the juices of the goblin fruits, to save her. Lizzie: 

"She cried, 'Laura,' up the garden.
'Did you miss me?
Come and kiss me.
Never mind my bruises,
Hug me, kiss me, suck my juices
Squeezed from goblin fruits for you,
Goblin pulp and goblin dew.
Eat me, drink me, love me;
Laura, make much of me;
For your sake I have braved the glen
And had to do with goblin merchant men."

"merchant" indexes an economy of evil, satiation, and excess that develops
throughout the poem, but as modifier of "goblin men" it bypasses, bridges,
"doing with goblin men" - a more directly sexual metaphor. 

The goblins - listen to them:

"Laughed every goblin
Whey they spied her [Lizzie] peeping:
Came towards her hobbling,
Flying, running, leaping,
Puffing and blowing,
Chuckling, clapping, crowing,
Clucking and gobbling, 
Mopping and mowing," 

and the roiling language recuperates the body and the body's rhythms -
which is the point, the language which extends here into the unknown does
so by way of an Irigarayan fluid mechanics, not the symbolic of Cartesian
transformations which Maundeville utilizes. Here, as in Skelton or Swin-
burne, we're in another realm altogether, that of the flesh refusing
boundary, not even borderline flesh. From Skelton's The Tunnyng of Elynour
Rummyng: 

"Her lothely lere
Is nothynge clere,
But ugly of chere,
Droupy and drowsy,
Scurvy and lowsy;
Her face all bowsy,
Comely crynklyd,
Woundersly wrynklyd,
Like a rost pygges eare
Brystled with here.
Her lewde lyppes twayne,
They slaver, men sayne,
Lyke a ropy rayne,
A gummy glayre.
She is ugly fayre:
Her nose somdele hoked
And camously croked,
Never stoppynge
But ever droppynge;"

The Skeltonic rhyme burrows within the sloughed boundaries of the self and
body, clarity exchanged for solitons, standing-waves. 

Taste and touch, and smell are oddly foregrounded here, even in Swinburne 
where touch is light and poisonous. 

Morphology is _lost,_ the self (as in Forbidden Planet) de/faces its own
coagulation-origin. This is the world of aliens, slime, the world in which
the body is literally a vortex which may disappear when the frenetic
energy of the whirlpool is drained off. 

Scarification works when an incision into the flesh inscribes; in these
instances, these dominions of the unknown, inscription is lost entirely
and scarification, rearrangement, are replaced by dismemberment down to
the level of the molecular. Form transforms into liquid; the body rots
into its truer form, still sutured elsewhere, by description and syntac-
tical strategies themselves. 

All through this, the development of cyberspace, well-defined on one or
another level, with the political, psychoanalytical, and sexual shuddering
of bodies down within the imaginary untouched by the presence of text, 
swallowing text, fucking it.


( Kristeva: "The true is not the absolute positing of a transcendental
ego; it is instead that part of it registered in a relation with the
other. Truth is thus an alteration, a positing but an altered, imaginary
one. Lautreamont values this imaginary truth, in opposition to Pascal's
moralism which belittles this alteration. 'We are not content with the
life within us,' Lautreamont writes. 'We wish to lead an imaginary life in
other people's minds. We strive to appear to be what we are. We make every
effort to preserve this imaginary being, which is simply the true one.'" 
{From Revolution in Poetic Language.} )


