


Modalities


In cspace, one might consider modalities of information - for example, the
sound of the voice in real life; the sound of the voice on the telephone;
the sound of the voice on one or another of the net phone applications.
The granularity of the voice both intimidates and creates an untoward fam-
iliarity - I'd keep myself withdrawn - in relation, for example, to ascii
text. 

But the voice is crude, cuseeme is crude, all of these technologies are
crude - and this very crudeness is a lure and a portal. It's a portal
because it's prescient, because it's leading to something beyond us. But
it's a lure because it seduces, seduces powerfully; I quote from David
Humphrey, The Abject Romance of Low Resolution, in Abject America (ed. 
Catherine Liu): 

"Low definition has acquired an ability to appear more convincingly 'real'
because its crudity is understood as directness. A low-resolution image,
like a badly taken photograph, or an image produced after many generations
of cheap copying, has the capacity to solicit the viewer's participation
in a production of its sense. That degree of filling-in-the-details re-
quired to 'recognize' or 'define' the low-resolution image draws the view-
er closer to a realm of memory and association. Like certain stained walls
and cloud formations, these vague images create an increased susceptibili-
ty to the unintended or subjective, exercised by the peculiarities of the
maker and viewer. To zoom in on an image is to move down toward the reso-
lution threshold, to the point where the medium refuses to cooperate,
where it asserts its identity as something completely different, approach-
ing abject nonsense." 

But a badly-taken photograph also engages as _real_ precisely because it
doesn't appear as a production, but as a presence, that of the photograph-
er and that of the model, who is not a model - think of the relative power
of amateur pornography for example. The roughness and irresolution of low 
resolution produces an intimacy that may or may not be desired; to have 
the voice speak rough to you over a bad connection is both seduction and 
threat, each tethered to the other.

And these intimacies, these intimations, are leading us out of ourselves,
into an electronic dominion hardly recognizable at the moment - we're on
the threshold or lip of an enormous hole where the real becomes pluralized
and contested. Shouldn't we all be there, phoning, MOOing, working our 
sensory anxieties to the limit?

The world is being delivered, but as I have pointed out, the world is
always already being delivered - again, consider a chair in a room, isola-
ted by light, and an unexposed piece of photographic paper "facing" it. 
If the paper is developed, the "image" that emerges is no image at all,
nothing but white, blankness - and this _is_ the image of the chair, as it
is the image of every other thing. Place a lens before the paper, however,
place it within the potential well of a black-box, add a shutter, and
expose the paper again: the chair appears to us _qua_ chair, a token or
index of the chair - but this _only as a result of processing,_ which is
prior to the retinal processing of the eye itself. So that there is a
confluence of operations necessary for the production of "chair" as iden-
tified object or entity - thus even with the apparent real, a delivery 
system, filtering, is at work. (And note further that the eye is never a 
parallel to the camera; color vision is the result of active processing, 
as are the definitions of boundaries, coherencies, distances, and so 
forth. The saccadic movements of the eye condition it to a particular 
form of reception which a frog, for example, lacks.)

A second example, which I have also pointed out elsewhere: One cannot
imagine a landscape without imagining a viewpoint as well - a landscape is
a world _with a perceiving subject,_ the result of the biology and physics
of vision itself.

So modalities of information interpenetrate, call one one another, just 
as programs call upon subroutines; here, however, everything is fuzzy, 
somewhat chaotic, and much more complex. 

The net phone is the clearest Internet presencing to date, bringing up 
the question identically asked as the telephone rings and a man or woman 
speaks: Do you ever speak to strangers...

(Because the stranger _is_ on the net phone, because the stranger is 
there in the form of ruined voice.)

