



Wonder


"Cezanne's difficulties are those of the first word." (Merleau-Ponty)

Using netphone last night, I spoke haltingly with Nabil from Kuwait. The
connection was cranky, slight static, but understandable; because we were
using unregistered software, we had to constantly reconnect. 

We had nothing to talk about. How's New York. We talked, nonetheless,
talked the child's language of wonder. We were _amazed,_ as Bjork would
say, _astounded._ Not that the connection was only a duplication of the
telephonic, but that it was possible at all, packets travelling across the
skein of the Net, high-speed reassemblage within the well-defined algorithms 
of our computers. 

Such a reassemblage is nothing less than a _realignment of the world,_ a 
secondary or parasitic alignment in relation to the word. The skein of 
the world comes closer, trembling, to the skein of the Net, ah seduction 
of the transitive!

Tonight Tom Ellis and I tested out the application somewhat at length. 
The sound came through somewhat softly at my end, and it was awkward, cut-
ting in and out; without a duplex board, only one person speaks at a time.
One learns to create a space for listening, which is not at all evident, 
a form of tin-can telephony.

One is facing the computer, reading the modulations on the screen. One
holds a microphone, listens through speakers; equidistant, the sound comes
from nowhere. Still, it's not as if the computer is speaking - it's as if
space is, with an awkward raster. A voice from an ordinary object.

Perhaps we need to have vocal adjunct to Cybermind, Fiction-of-Philosophy,
Image, a channel opening on occasion, listening to one another. Perhaps we
need to settle within one another's cybermind and images, listen to each
other's fictions and philosophies. As an experiment, bringing the voice
which is, after all, a premonition of the body, a mapping of the body, to
the foreground. What happens to the politics of identity? What happens be-
tween or among the sexes? How is anguish articulated or discarded? 

The text is always paramount, but it is the sound of the voice, even more 
than the televisual, that presences the uncanny lip of the future-real 
which is already close to upon us.


