


Aurality Caught in Bibliographic Skein


The aural dimension is always second person (re: Individuals: Post-Movement
Art in America), referencing body, interiority, slippage (re: Cinematograph
#4 on the voice), occasioning circulations (re: Obscura, Pornography: Its
Penis, Its Vagina), from within the gaseous excretions/effluvia of the body
(re: Disorders of the Real), now placed within the clean and proper body of
the Internet (re: Internet Text, Net1). It is a ruptured caress, distanced
by language formation, expulsion of air (re: Damaged Life: Someone Dies,
It's a Movement of the Lips) or excess of sound (re: Damaged Life: Starck
Club Performance Tapes), cutting through the bibliographic towards the im-
mersive domain of the body (re: The Structure of Reality), a form of hys-
teria or otherwise (re: Uncontrollable Bodies, Hole) (re: Crash, Internet
Texts). The visual is always already a cleansing or absolution (re: Warwick
Virtual Futures Tape), the real as-if (re: Postmodern Pobre tape and exhi-
bitions) (re: Postmodern Sureno tape and exhibitions), the desiccation of
the under-erasure/originary stain (re: Spew gifs). 

When I talk I think: fuck. When I talk I think: destiny. When I talk I 
think: empty. When I listen I think: fucked. When I listen I think: destiny.
When you talk you think: destroy. 

When I talk I think: hole (re: Hole). When I talk I think: destroy, empty 
(re: Textbook of Thinking). When I listen I think: fucked (re: Ritual All
770). When I listen I think: destiny (re: An,ode). When you talk, I hear
destiny, hear the future, hear the body (re: Art Papers, Future Culture),
hear the body speak (re: Art Papers, Throat), hear the wholes opening to
the untoward violation fabric of the world (re: Cinematograph, M). The
voice holds me, caresses me, like no other text, like every inner speech
(re: Third Sex and the Ascii Unconscious), like a cradling, trembling,
mouths opened and never enough (re: Defuge). To work my way back, enumer-
ate the real through the speaking of it (re: Lists). To stop before the
world ends (re: Strike, Annihilation to the Limit!).

Last night I talked to someone in the Philippines. He said, he said:
So what's it like in your end of the world. He said, he said:
The wires are slow, what's it like, and I said: They're slow outside
Manila, twenty-five kilometers where you are. 
I said: I'm speed towards you and we heard, close but not nearly, 
heard the speed of light.

