



(with Angela Hunter)

Les Morts Reconaissants


I can't write without a voice which is another's throat, teeth, something
to articulate the movement of the tongue. It's a useless organ. It shapes
the sound of another. I can't write without prosthesis. I borrow every-
where, everything. No originality whatsoever, I'm your stain. It takes the
shape of your cloth which gags me. Reading these words, you're reading
someone else, the swerve of uneasy mouths.

Uneasy mouths are jarred open and filled to repletion with chloroformed
cloths, the absence of stain, the absolute power of unconscious(ness).
There is this which awaits you in my mouth, so recently emptied of 
pebbles and little fossils found in marble.  I write the rupture of
the bank, the bankrupt word with no commodity to fetishize, no soothing
green bill to be symbolically cut--yes that's it, I am neither green
nor symbolic.  You see this.  In your eyes, I am berry-tongued and 
broad.  Your eyes are voiceless and therefore I see them
in a vacuum covered through sound.  You emit useless organs, seething
in an evolutionary crime of meaning.  

Everything closes down. Someone in Greece practiced speaking with a mouth
full of stones, screaming at the sea, tearing her hair, Medea wandering 
in lands not her own. Everything you say closes down cutting me to the
heart; you are imaginary, the waves hurtling nothing but noise back at
you. We're parasitic upon the shore which practices at night, waiting for
the day Medea returns, in media res, Medusa, turning the waves to stone.
That day the world will end, sun scream, ravage an emptied planet. That
day experiment falters, Medea stained upon the land, her period that of
the sun's, plasma devouring the local neighborhood, Schelling's absolute.
At night all cows are black. I burned in Trojan horses, churned in houri.

I call the Trojan horses in sequence like reindeer--I harness that 
glory in a tainted medium. The scale is twelve notes up and twelve down, 
keys are pressed like the calling of horses, the counting of sheep, cows 
lowing in the field wake me from this statuary remnant stained by night.  
Who would deny the storm its name?  No force that beats against the shore 
goes un-named in your territory; you are the escape artist of my provincial
grasp but I am a close-fisted child in sleep. My borders are less obvious 
and more pornographic--the waves practice your imaginary stroke at my 
devoured limits. There is a curtain which on that day will not be torn nor 
pulled violently away and the face before it won't know which sun 
is turning away ensconced in a bloodless recognition.

Frieze: My pornography goes unnamed, it's that which stirs these remarks,
coats me with the pathos of hearing. Sleeping, I watch everyone at sleep,
hoping for them.*

Nothing comes; the conduit shatters against itself in the night. Flood 
brings pipes hurtling downstream; I watch them emerge. Teeth burrow into 
teeth; I come up empty. (This is about the empty and the fool. This is 
about the hook, torn skin, hymen, permitting the insertion of the femin-
ine, flourishing writing.) I pace, tread my steps, measure them against
your breathing. Empty and fool are identical; traveling across their
crippled dominions, there is nothing to be seen. When everyone is a wit-
ness, occasion becomes permanent sight.

[*"You're not rid of me, yeah you're not rid of me, yeah you're not rid 
of me, I beg of you"; we listen to _Les Morts Reconaissants._]

Siteless, this goes _off._

