


The room in the moo:

Moonglow say, "that's a good sign"
You say, "but I wanted the room locked; it's a single sheet of text so
 to speak, it reinforces the flatness, the text as a marker inthe
 space, that's all. I wouldn't want to do anything else with it."
say a remainder/reminder
You say, "a remainder/reminder"
Moonglow knows that. ;)
You say, "resident/residue and so forth..."
Moonglow grins.
Moonglow say, "I liked the text from it, that you posted."
You say, "an infratextual operation vis-a-vis derrida..."
You say, "there were two texts; I had permission denied to change it,
 which is just as well - it's a fallen space."
Moonglow say, "appropriately"

What happens when a space falls, when the text falls flat?


Pertaining: From Francis Bacon, Natural History:


Cent. III 295.

_Experiment solitary touching the differing operations of fire and time._

Some things which pass the fire are softest at first, and by time grow
hard, as the crumb of bread. Some are harder when they come from the fire,
and afterwards give again, and grow soft, as the crust of bread, bisket, 
sweetmeats, salt, etc. The cause is, for that in those things which wax 
hard with time, the work of the fire is a kind of melting; and in those 
that wax soft with time, contrariwise, the work of the fire is a kind of 
baking; and whatsoever the fire baketh, time doth in some degree dissolve.

Cent. X 938.

_Experiment solitary touching the emissions of spiritual species which 
affect the senses._

These emissions, as we have said before, are handled, and ought to be
handled by themselves under their proper titles: that is, visibles and
audibles, each apart: in this place it shall suffice to give some general
observations common to both. First, they seem to be incorporeal. Secondly,
they work swiftly. Thirdly, they work at large distances. Fourthly, in 
curious varieties. Fifthly, they are not effective of any thing; nor 
leave no work behind them; but are energies merely: for their working 
upon mirrours and places of echo doth not alter any thing in those 
bodies; but it is the same action with the original, only repercussed. 
And as for the shaking of windows, or rarifying the air by great noises; 
and the heat caused by burning-glasses, they are rather concomitants of 
the audible and visible species, than the effects of them. Sixthly, they 
seem to be of so tender and weak a nature, as they affect only such a 
rare and attenuate substance, as is the spirit of living creatures.

Cent. III 296.

_Experiment solitary touching motions by imitation._

Motions pass from one man to another, not so much by exciting imagination
as by invitation; especially if there be an aptness or inclination before.
Therefore gaping, or yawning, and stretching do pass from man to man; for
that that causeth gaping and stretching is, when the spirits are a little
heavy by any vapour, or the like. For then they strive, as it were, to
wring out and expel that which loadeth them. So men drowsy, and desirous
to sleep, or before the fit of an ague, do use to yawn and stretch; and to
likewise yield a voice or sound, which is an interjection of expulsion: so
that if another be apt and prepared to do the like, he followeth by the 
sight of another. So the laughing of another maketh to laugh.

