

Family


There's this guy, Travis, let's call him Travis. Let's call him Travis
because that's his name. He lives alone with his parents. That is, he
hasn't got a lover, a partner, a roommate; he has his parents, and they
live elsewhere in the house, which is a white frame house. He's at home a
lot and they don't like the way he talks to them. Travis, they say, don't
talk like that to us. He eats his meals silently, from the food groups. 
All the food groups are there. Travis eats three meals a day. 

He has coffee, orangejuice, cereal, for breakfast; scrambled eggs for
lunch with coffee and toast, and for dinner, potatoes, green beans and
sometimes a red meat when times are good, chicken when times are lean. 

Travis leans back on his wood chair; his mother says don't do that, you'll
fall over like you used to fall. Travis, his father says, stopping in the
middle of the sentence. His father hears the need to finish sentence. 

Travis rises from the table, after setting his chair back into place. All
the silverware is there. The candle flickers while he strangles his moth-
er, and the other candle flickers when he stabs his father. There isn't
any blood in the room, and everything happens in silence. The father and
mother are dead, and Travis thinks, I've done a dreadful thing. 

Travis plays games but is low in the player category. That is, he's in the
outfield, nowhere near the bases; he gets the ball and throws it towards
the region of greatest intensity - there are a lot of other players there.
The players disperse behind him towards infinity; he's not sure they're
around at all, in fact. 

Then this woman comes up behind him, and he senses she's there, this is
something new. First his parents are dead, and then this woman comes up,
and Travis knows that one, two, three, he'll be all right. He looks around
as if just about everything was fine. He knew the woman was there and when
he turned around he knew they saw each other, just like you and I know we
see each other when we're together in the comfort of our home. 

She says, now @addfeature chparents to #741. Travis knows there's some-
thing wrong, people disappearing from his life. He worries they're turning
ppl. He worries about the ppl turning.

The ppl turned and his parents are a lot more detailed. His mother pages; 
his father whispers. Their voices come out of their mouths and he hears 
their voices almost in sync with their lips. He doesn't worry about the 
slight delay. He can almost read the morning news in the morning.

