




Questioning fluid identity, postmodernism on the MOO -


In discussion with someone tonight, I've been trying to work out my 
feelings about PMC, postmodernism, and MOOs in general, finding Media Moo 
eerily quiet all the time, and sympathetic to discussions everywhere on 
the crisis at PMC. That said, I wonder how it is possible to investigate 
issues of postmodernism on any MOO which permits morphing, identity 
changes, and so forth, without any ceiling - in other words, without the 
@whois command on Media MOO that allows one to see the user's real name, 
email address, and the @research command, that brings up the user's 
interests, as he/she has entered them.

Pomo theory, which owes a lot to the grand narrative theory of Lyotard, 
has moved on, to considerations of alterity (hence Levinas, maybe Mark 
Taylor, recent Derrida) and multiculturalisms (Spivak, etc.). Both of 
these are concerned with the subaltern, politics of identity (but not PC 
necessarily), and the Other, questioning both occidental metaphysics and 
its foundations. Yet on the MOO, identity is fluid and masquerading, an 
inheritence possibly from the MUDs which inherited from Dungeon and 
Dragons which inherited from Merlinology which goes back to Victorian 
escapism, Crowley, and God knows what and She won't tell.

Merlinology/magic/fluid identity is based on incantation, whether
programming or ritual speech, reproducing the primary narcissism of the
infant, in which the world may be remade in hir form, or is only recog-
nized in hir form. However such identity on the MOO is a _reproduction,_
at best, requiring labor, an economics of labor which is ultimately open
to all; anyone can learn and construct this fluidity. (Which means that to
a large extent it's packaged, another problem. But then so are fetishes.)

My point in the midst of this is more of a question: Is it possible in
fact to discuss postmodernism, postmodernity, or any other relevant
philosophical position in the midst of a phenomenology of magic? Doesn't
such an environment mitigate against the troubling/discomforting aspects
of identity - that we are born sexed, within or without or borderline in
relation to certain cultures, and so forth? And that what the MOO might
offer is the commodification of the Other, as if, say, my signing as a
woman gains me experience as a woman (as opposed to only reading the signs
of roving males in relation to my presence in the space)? (Clearly there
are signings used to eliminate oppressive circumstances as well - some
women signing as men for that reason; and those signings may be unfor-
tunately necessary.)

There are other problematic issues, again, vis-a-vis postmodernist issues,
such as that of ownership, objects, emootions, in the first place. 

I'm concerned about these things because for me, PMC functions largely as
a social environment in which I do ask questions and discuss postmodernism
- but it is not an environment which reproduces postmodernist culture -
it's not postmodern (in any sense I understand the term and theory) it-
self. I picture such a culture composed of both microterritorializations/
nomadicisms (which _are_ present in the MOO) _in relation to_ the posi-
tioning of bodies, cultures, the obdurate/inert of the world - in which I
would also include, for example, highly limited resources which are rapid-
ly running out. To the extent that the MOO insists on the essentially mag-
ical (and magic as essence is its own problem), it constructs a mediaeval
environment as stage for actions, transformations, and occasional conver-
sation. 

And of course, there's nothing wrong with this - I'm questioning, as I
said, only the relation of all of this to postmodern theory, communicative
strategies and the like. 

In this sense, to conclude, couldn't computer-mediated-communication it-
self relate closely to mediaeval/feudal environments (vis-a-vis Braudel),
rather than the postmodernity that some of us take for granted? 

Alan, who is not a wizard at this or any other Thing (Icelandic gathering 
for the establishment, by consensus of custom and law)

By the way, I apologize for the sloppiness of this post; it's been a hard 
few days - a close friend is in the hospital after overdosing.

