



dreaming and misery of cybermind, the operation: Site


From Devils, Drugs, and Doctors, Howard Haggard, 1929, quoting Hayden in 
1896 on the advent of anesthesia:


*THEN*

With a meek, imploring look, and the startled air of a fawn, as her modest
gaze meets the bold eyes fixed upon her, she is brought into the amphi-
theater crowded with men, anxious to see the sheeding of her blood, and
laid upon the table. With a knowledge of merciful regard as to the inten-
sity of the agony which she is to suffer, opiates and stimulants have been
freely given her, which, perhaps at this last stage, are again repeated.
She is cheered by kind words and the information that it will soon be over
and she freed forever from what now afflicts her; she is enjoined to be
calm, and to keep quiet and still, and, with assistance at hand to hold
her struggling form, the operation is commenced. 

But of what avail are all her attempts at fortitude? At the first, clear
cut of the scalpel, agonizing screams burst from her, and, with convulsive
struggles, she endeavors to leap from the table. But force is nigh. 
Strong men throw themselves upon her and pinion her limbs. Shriek upon
shriek make their horrible way into the stillness of the room, until the 
heart of the boldest sinks into his bosom, like a lump of lead.

At length it is finished, and, prostrate with pain, weak from her exer-
tions, and bruised by the violence used, she is borne finally from the 
amphitheater to her bed in the ward, to recover form the shock by slow 
degrees.

*NOW*

How would the same case be now? With a sweet, calm smile playing around 
her mouth - an evidence of pleasant dreams - her eyes fast closed as in 
a gentle sleep; her body extended languidly and listless as in the 
repose of childhood, surrounded by no ill-favored men whose powerful aid 
will be needed; with no crowd of medical men to guard against unforeseen 
accidents. The surgeon and his two assistants to pass the necessary 
implements, or to assist in stanching the blood, are all who are 
required. At his leisure - not hurried by the demands of pain to complete 
as soon as possible - he can coolly prosecute his work, varying it to 
suit any exigency of the occasion, and ready to profit by any favorable 
contingency which its course may present.

When finished, and all is in the proper condition which will demand no 
fresh interference for some time, the patient is awakened from her 
slumber and receives the glad information that it is all over.

The one grateful look which answers this news can have no value placed 
upon it. Alone, it is worth a lifetime of exertion and trouble.


