





Dubious Speculation on the Nature of the Case


One slow sea-change over the past century or so is the disappearance and
re-representation of the _case._ If one reads Sumner, Fraser, Boas, Freud,
Breuer, in the past, one sees cases presented as typifications as well as
limit-points; the same occurs in a great deal of Klein's work and don't
forget that the 19th century was the century of analysis. In Freud's meta-
psychology, Klein's schemata, the mechanics of Hertz, etc., the case
begins to disappear, replaced by abstract or meta-level rule-governing; 
we can skip to Piaget, Levi-Strauss, Propp, Greimas, and in particular the
Bourbaki for a continuation of this. Post-structuralism problematizes the
bases for the rules/instructions, which continue to be used on the level
of heuristics. Even literature, through Joyce, Queneau, etc., developed
towards the abstract and away from modernist narrative transparency (all
of these of course are only constructs); something like Sterne can be read
either as abstraction and/or as a plethora of microanalyses, micro-cases. 
In psychoanalysis, Lacan avoids cases for the most part, and Kristeva's
cases are seen through the dark glass of depression, her body its ful/fil-
ling the spaces, much as Irigaray fills the spaces of Lacan without men-
tioning him. Computers as well abstract; the digital realm is based on the
parametrics of the real, which is only recreated to the level of percep-
tion. Only fractals benefit from increased computational magnification,
and they reside as problematic objects in the first place. In multicul-
turalisms, say Trinh Minh-Ha, cases are disappearing, replaced by holisms,
romanticisms, self-reflexivities; the case becomes something that is
necessarily problematized or only visible from within, creating those rad-
ical problems of translation that Quine among others was concerned with.
Clement Rosset talks about the idiocy of the real, which is its inertness;
French nuclear testing, which has just started again as I write these
words, serves to obliterate difference in the Pacific Ocean. 

This then is one movement, towards the problematic of the case, its over-
coming so to speak, sutured by abstraction which is clearly related on one
hand to scientism and on the other to the abstract quantifications of cap-
italism and late capitalism. A second contradictory movement arises, how-
ever, that of taxonomic casing, 3x5 casing, Dewey Decimal casing, World
Wide Web casing, the reproduction of the real in the digital or televisual
domain, which is always already a question of well-defined formatting; it
is this reproduction that returns the case to its necessary obsessive-com-
pulsive plurality. This reproduction is also a fetishization of the case; 
one sees this as well all over Debord's society of the spectacle, from
massive museum exhibits of Egyptian and Chinese tombs (exhibitions which
owe their spectacularity to worlds fairs, dioramas, etc.). The fetishiza-
tion is based on the stylistics of shiny and/or mobile surfaces; any good
Web site functions as an example. It separates the garden from the weeds,
just like "cute" or "cuddly" animals are at the heart of wildlife conser-
vation. The separation also splits the rich and poor, oppressor from
oppressed; at the top, there is Broadway imaginary galore, the price of
the plays themselves skyrocketing. 

Thus the case is _split_ from the compulsive description/transcription of
say Boas - eliminated on one hand, and reconstructed as taxonomic http://
token on the other. The fallout from the French testing and this slow sea
change is not yet apparent; the theoretic of the future remains invisible
behind the fog of radioactive information pouring in from every channel. 
Will the _real_ future Beatles please stand up? Who is Madonna? Michael
Jackson? Andy Kaufman? Walking the line originating from the case of
Elvis, they move across the Web, abstraction of gender, and so forth.
(Which is why Sandy Stone for example is no longer shocking or gender- 
bending: because gender itself has become abstracted, webbed. Sandy Stone 
is writing the theory of the every-day, her cases (presented live and in 
print) no longer cases, not even "signs of the times." There are no 
times, no signs, no meta-cases no micro-cases. The case has gone, split. 
The writing is on the screen.)

Continuing here with more names conjures up defenses, circulations, meta- 
theoretical approaches; the text appears in its header and somewhere in 
its packet reconstruction, shells are opened, addresses and router infor- 
mation discarded, and you discover the residue, this substance which is 
no other, which is always accounted for but unaccountable, and which is 
always besides itself.


