


Materials for the Speculative Posts


Look at:

The Problems of Aristotle
Bacon's material on natural history, physiology, Advancement of Learning
Pliny, Galen, Hippocrates (cases)
Mandeville's Journey
Burton's Anatomy of Melancholy
Early schemata - Lully, Leibniz, Kabbalah.

Cases often occur as exempla driven by negation from the normal.

Look at Curiosity Cabinets, growth of museums from the Renaissance on.

Even Wittgenstein's The world is all that is the case. 

Freud's Interpretation of Dreams working through dreamwork working 
through dreams.

Who is the woman Freud is addressing?

Think of foundations-work in mathematics, axiomatics and now varieties of
conventionalism for the most part (working mathematicians still subscrib-
ing to platonism). Monster-curves return, are subsumed in fractal theory; 
unsolvability absorbs as well.

Think of Boas' ten-thousand pages of Kwakiutl testimony. The case can 
become a journey of sorts: Taussig's Shamanism, Colonialism, and the Wild 
Man, or Lingis' works. Wittig's work still rings of the journey.

Are journeys exceptions to the diminution of the case, or are they 
insertions? 

Running across the world on Iphone, building on a MOO, rattling through 
hypertext links, threading subjects on an email list: surfaces of dreams, 
skittering, not _traumwerk_ for lack of time. Connections fulfill grids; 
ham operators still ride the ionosphere in long-distance contests and 
monitorings.

Cases imply seriations: think about Mersenne primes. The proof that there 
is no largest prime has been known since antiquity, one of those 
disquieting facts (like the squaring of the circle, trisection of the 
angle) that have always perturbed the coherency of everyday life.

The anecdotes of the Torah and its 613 commandments become subsumed in 
the New Testament to eschatology. Now there's _a_ story to tell. 

Cases: But there were the scholastic debates of the first 1400 years at 
least, Augustine, Neoplatonism; Aristotle's Metaphysics is totally abstract.

Cases: But the Metaphysics was balanced by the problems, the work on 
animals; there are broken links. The episteme was different. This is 
what's undergoing the sea-change now.

For example: The debate over whether the wilderness exists: It has become
a case, transformed into a structure of manageriality which is deconstruc-
ted, transformed into a series of Web sites. 

What about the wilderness? Deconstruct _about._

Don't forget on the other hand that Mandeville, for example, all those 
sources, imply a great deal of naivete which still exists; they're tokens 
of sympathetic magic, which is imbued with deep-structural linkages to 
the inhabited world of _divinatio._

Everything is/was signs, signifies. The case in the 19th century sense 
begins the work of alterity. Alterity can be problematic, genocidal as 
well: the case of the Tasmanians. 

Alterity needs the recognition of the same at the heart of the other, the 
same which holds back the breath, makes the heart skip a beat. With this, 
the bracketing is deadly.

What constitutes a case? What is its closure? To what extent does it 
entail place? The psychological/psychoanalytical case involved taxonomy 
as well, 35 year-old female, constructing narratives. The ethnographic 
case involved oral histories, _listening,_ narratives but also sites, 
citations.

There no end to it. While there are reports of Lacanian therapy, the case 
is by and large absent. And for so much theory, the case is located in 
film; think of the 70s work on the male gaze. 

Is the case a question of getting out into the world and looking at 
something?

When I think "the case of X on the Net," I'm thinking of the textual 
reports of biographical information, events happening elsewhere for the 
most part (but events like death of someone on the Net happen everywhere 
in a sense). Y got married, left the Net. G started a server. 

Events solely _within_ the Net: black holes, loops, shutdown of routers. 
As in my post on instructions: these go up and down, always present as 
definitions, even on the level of silicon wafers.

Are events cases, cases events? An event and an occasion are different; 
there is a linguistic analysis of the uses of these words in a fishing 
village. But a case implies something else, the typification, bracketing. 

For a case to be a case, it must be reported. A case then _might_ imply a 
transmission process, distribution, communication in general. 

Finally, back to my thesis: that _cases_ are disappearing in the sense of 
a bifurcation: deconstruction on one hand of the subsuming structures 
(without however the return of the real/repressed); typification within 
highly-defined abstracted structures on the other (Web pages and so 
forth). 

And this is a highly generalized conclusion, exceptions 49% of the time.


