

Wanting Always


I want to thrust myself out into space. I want to distend myself. I want,
I want tumescence. I want great portents. I want to establish the bulwark
of my name on every packet, bunker on every datagram. I want my eye, blank
and forever vision, singular, at the head of every header. I want the 
spray of routers against the pupil, effluvia of bridges washing the iris
unlidded. I want my eye to reflect my body upon my death. I want my retina
cut open, fixed, so that my image will appear. I want the deadman to appear
everywhere and I want to be that deadman. I want to carry the eye through
fiber-optics where vision works, carry it half-closed, somnolent through
antiquated copper-filigree. I want my name to be whispered on every bang
path, separated by exclamation marks and percentage signs. I want my name
to be included in VRFY in SMTP, my name a standing-wave in the midst of 
TCP/IP, my name a soliton down the MBONE, my name a public key a private
key, my name Pretty Good Prophecy.

Close to the speed of light I rush the deadman headlong, rush stream deli-
very, deadman stumbles frame by frame, deadman speaks the message coding. 
I want frames, to be framed, datagrams covering up my name, opening up my 
name, packets spelling out my name, the eye of the datastorm buried by 
the packetstorm, I've got nothing further to be said, everything further 
in the saying of it, thrust myself distended -

thrust myself distended - there's no flesh here or anymore - my spit is 
messaging, tongue is packeting, my teeth are datagrams, muscular frames 
driving me toward you, driving me everywhere, driving me towards you -

where I've given up on real life, where I pull out tumescent life, where 
I glow for you, where I glow for you, my name Alan Sondheim, where it 
glows for you in the midst of the fury of the wires, in the midst of the 
storm of the fiber-optic cables, controlled and harnessed, down to the 
level of the text, down to the level of me coming to you, the level of me 
entering you, down to the level of you

