



Airlock


I am not _moving_ to Fukuoka, I am not _visiting_ Fukuoka, I am _going to_
Fukuoka, this purest of vectors west into another zone of time and tempor-
ality. Thus I am _leaving_ Brooklyn in any case; leavings as such are not
differentiated, although I might say I am _moving from_ in certain cases.

So that there is the matter, at least, of months, _matter_ as well physi-
cal, obdurate, and not virtual, enervated. And as a result, for the past
week or so, I have been packing my loftspace for the upcoming sublet, not
entirely packing, since it is a friend who is taking (up) the space. 

I have given all my video-processing equipment, some computer books, and a
graphic equalizer to Sam, who is also borrowing my 3/4" deck. Leslie is
borrowing my camera tripods, Sony V5000 Hi-8 camcorder, cables, and 35mm
camera, which Fido will borrow from her. Tom has inherited a number of my
books, including, today, the current translation of the Dead Sea Scrolls
and McKenzie Wark's book on virtual geographies. Allen, from Last Exit
books, has purchased several cartons of them, and I gave Mark back the
telescope he had traded me, as well as numerous bits and pieces of elec-
tronics. Tom has also taken most of the plants, including some rare cacti
from Georgia that have mysteriously developed spots, as if in strange
premonition of my departure.

I give out my Fukuoka address left and right, leaving it with at least 50
galleries across New York, friends, the New School, the Bank. And tonight
I walk around the loft, somewhat emptied, desolate, torn apart, looking
for a lexicon of poststructuralism that must already be in one of the 
cartons huddled under the table in the outer, studio, room. I call to it,
unable to hear its muffled response.

Neither it, nor I, am anywhere to be found, and I suddenly realize I am in
a transit space, liminal, without foundation, everything on the horizon.
My fingers, hands, arms, body, have this tendency towards a future which
refuses appearance, which is apparent. I claw the air, tear at it. The
loft looks unoccupied. Wait, there's a bed.

I will fly from San Francisco to Portland. I will fly from Portland either
to Nagoya or to Seoul. If I fly to Seoul, I exit the plane, and there, in
fact, I enter a _transit lounge,_ among or between borders (United States,
(Korea), Japan), where I am not declared, either within or without Korea,
but am simply existent as a vector, scuttled among airlines and planes. In
Seoul, it would be only a matter of hours; in Brooklyn, it is a matter of
days, as matter falls away from me, personal belongings are lost or appear
tawdry - books for example looking for their shelf-friends, toppling flat
out of exhaustion.

I am _transitive_ in fact, mediation without substance.

The cat _knows,_ lying in unfamiliar spaces, walking guarded with unknown
sorrow. The cat watches me pace the floor, on the telephone, or thinking,
or packing, and if she could speak she would talk about the Great Eruption
where everything from my past lies suddenly naked on the floor, crying Me,
Me, Me, Our History together, realizing that I am there, half in the Por-
tals of Enumeration and Belonging/s, half skyward hurtling towards the
transit-lounge-shifter, where I may or may not be permitted to carry my
name. 

The name is no longer the same, "Alan" is virtual, faded; "Sondheim," a
title I need recuperate. I can see wall space where there was none before,
a rectangle of dust where a video processor had been, sad shoes and socks
peering out from previously hidden spaces. Most of my manuscripts I con-
sign to time and sleep; my films remain trembling in California, my master
tapes downstairs in another, cooler, loft. I'm no longer the implied guar-
dian of emptiness, simulacra of my presence; I find photographs on the
floor, maudlin little junction boxes missing their cables, instruction
booklets for absent equipment, pictures of Juarez, Nova Scotia, friends I
haven't seen in years.

Clutter is always the refuge of the fallen. 

I can hear my footsteps. I watch my past drop away from me. It is not pri-
son, it is the opposite of prison. I watch my feet upon the floor, my hand
upon the door, my language asks for more. I pace, tremble before the tele-
phone, worry the mail, prepare for one last public talk, one last public
reading. It's only temporary, but it is not a move, nor is it a visit. I
am lost in what it is, but it is an airlock.

It is an airlock because I can still breathe. It is an airlock because you
are on an earth beyond the double seals. I will come to you with Brooklyn
dirt San Francisco dirt Portland dirt Nagoya dirt. I will come to you with
the dust of countries. My books will cry behind me, the cat will cry as
she always does when I leave, even for a day or two, even with someone
else present. The lobes of the cacti will wither as the disease slowly
spreads across the plant, and I will not know this. I will know the sound
of the cat, but I will forget her sound, which will merge with the sounds
of others, where I will be. I will take her picture with me, but it won't
scuttle across this now-cluttered floor where I can no longer find my
books. Cat, plant, sounds, and books merge: how can I _be_ in the middle?

To read a book is to say goodbye to it.

There are fields between A and not-A, there are chain negations breaking
out, leading elsewhere, there are chaotic oscillations procuring entirely
different systems, there are systems at work.

There are systems at play as well.

Elsewhere I will say hello to you and come to a place with history. And I
will close my eyes, stumble, touch lightly the walls, floors, ceilings of
everywhere I am. And I will trust your keeping of space, and time, and
that is why, when I met you, I knew, I knew, everything, within the first
day, everything -

Of the transit, of the transit-space and the transit-lounge, of the air-
lock and the cat's mewling, of Fukuoka and the llamas, of photographs on
the floor, of maybe this, and maybe that

to accompany me, and of coming home to rest, to be, exist. 

And knew, as well, there would be no way to end _this,_ but to think once
more through metaphor,

How we are all here in transit-space, without beginning and without end,
here in this life, ah, and how there are images and representations and we
hold them hard, and for an instant, satori and the real, or maybe not,
or perhaps just that field with broken chains. (And if we are very lucky,
love in Fukuoka.)


