


Frame

The frame need not exist by surfeit of its presence as circumscription.
A node in a graph for example may be considered a frame.
The node may be either a container or equivalent to what it contains.
It need not separate inside from outside; it might be a monad.
On the other hand, the frame might be a delineation, inside / outside.
As such it might also fulfill the promise of a Jordan curve.
A Jordan curve divides the plane into interior and exterior.
One might consider a frame equivalent to the plane as a fractal curve.
Here the frame is its own contents and viral, jamming types and levels.
A frame might also have a topography to the extent it is physical.
But a frame need not have either a topography or well-defined topology.
Some would say a name or noun or for that matter any word is a frame.
Some would say that what is not a frame also contributes to the frame.
Some might insist that the frame constitutes no contribution at all.

ii

What is beneath the frame? From Elinor Wylie's The Eagle and the Mole:

If you would keep your soul
From spotted sight or sound,
Live like the velvet mole;
Go burrow underground.

And there hold intercourse
With roots of trees and stone,
With rivers at their source,
And disembodied bones.

Now the roots of trees, / for example in unix, constitute at least if not
an origin, the base of the file structure itself; stone needs, as well, a
resting place by fulcrum and lever. Rivers' sources are manifold, fractal,
in dissipation, discomfort, distrust; but it is in the disembodied bones
that the dialectic of frame and content, frame and space, space and con-
tent, appears.

For disembodied bones are piled, not structured; it is the body that gives
them grace, weight, and the ability to heal. So at the base, right at the
base, the dialectic, and I would add, the dialogic is always already pre-
sent, and one is necessarily returned or shuttled to the surface, only to
find the situation more likely one of _vibration_ than any real descent.

And thus descent, or ascent, surely you are following me here.

iii

Framed, I've been set up. Framed, I've been taken in. Framed, I've come to
you. Framed, as pretty as a picture.

"But there aren't frames," or rather, they're an afterthought, Clara said.
She was meaning to say what she said.

Not exactly an afterthought, T_____ replied. But intertwined, we might
really consider them "border country. Something to be crossed, weighed in,
something demanding the visa or rite of passage, potential well not only
of language, but of _this_ instantiation."

"Circumlocution of circumlocution," Clara replied, if speech were inscrip-
tion as well. Well, it is and it isn't. Context dependent - and one might
add, this proves,

T_____ said, "it's not information all the way done, it's context."

"Which is empty," Clara replied, or might be, or interwoven. Or as empty
or full of anything.

The two of them danced together, clawed together, frisson, tremble! made
meaning! That was all the meaning there was, T_____ knew. But that was
sufficient, Buddhism or no Buddhism.

Dawn rose, said Clara.


