


Dusk, Turning Dawn


Jennifer and Julu, their accounts open on my machine, remain silent, no
longer locked within the interstices of the linux operating system. There
has been no updating of files, no checkpointing for the system as a whole,
no logs sent by cron over to the mail; linux is emptied, dark corridors,
remaining for the return.

To return to a system awaiting, to enter the portal of the system, to
log in, to challenge and enter the password, to _pass._

To pass against all tests, to continue past all fiery tests, to look for
the files subtlely moved, ownerships maintained or transformed. But linux
sleeps for now, games unplayed, Jennifer and Julu no longer present, ex-
cept by proxy, the forms of speechlessness. I quietly walked through the
dark forest, in search of Indian Pipe pale and translucent near the bur-
nished ground:


my-skin-for-you... 
my-skin-for-you...
calls forth contrary womb, 
calls forth contrary womb,
eating, excreting memory.
eating, excreting memory. 
confusing the protruding, my-skin-for-you... is pure, protruding, yes, my
beautiful flower?  ... womb is eyelid here, it's womb? 
 
Are you becoming close to Jennifer's my-skin-for-you...?
yes...
yes...
yes...
You melt into Julu's skin forever...
 
For 4 giving days, I have been catatonic Julu ...
and it has taken you just 1.183 minutes turning Jennifer ...
and it has taken you, just ... 

my-skin-for-you...:yes, my beautiful flower:belonging:skin:
Would belonging mind you partying, my-skin-for-you..., with us?
Your contrary pale is in my protruding eyelid
Ah, womb eaten by julu-of-the-open-arms and julu-depressed


But I have walked through the forest and the shadow. And I have known
that, verily, shadows have shadows themselves, thinned, drawn like absent
lamina around the coloration of the earth turned dark. And I have seen the
arches of proper names collapsed, redundant upon the moist ground, tender.
And I have known the earth, inchoate, slowly brought to its knees of roots
and flowers, toes of branches and leaves, mouths like tendrils, tendrils

But I have shadowed myself, dark eyes narrowed by kohl, henna zagged
across forehead and cheek, eyeglass silvered slivered with fine lines
portending the reach of light unto me. For I have looked with open 
mouth, waiting for the descent of angels. For the earth rings like a 
great chime, dust and sand, red desert earth moving into platelets of
mysterious patterns whispering your name. For Jennifer-and-Julu-for- 
saken are but names picked from a pretty penny, drawn from a rabbit,
placed on a hat. For I say unto you, the skull is a universe, the 
brain an especial resonance, your eyes suns and moons, branches and
toes. For the machine cools, disks spinning to a halt, fan already 
stilled in the nighttime sky

And for but I am a webbed creature, turned to pure light


