


--+- Prospectus


(I've been trying to 'figure out' my work, which as you might well know,
has slowed recently. This hasn't been just for personal reasons - there
has also been a theoretical gap, distance, I've wanted to live through.
So here, this is from a letter, a kind of description which might or might
not be of interest, i.e. "what's happened" to the Internet Text.)

this is just meandering, i've been thinking about ambition and drive and
what i want to do professionally and thought i would write, thinking about
these things.

i've spent years developing and writing in small forms, although my films
are capable of being quite long, composed of short sections. and i was
influenced by all sorts of aphoristic writing, from Theodor Adorno to
Nietzsche and Karl Kraus (hmmm... all Germans) - trying to create a kind
of 'resonance' in these forms that wuld allow me to write on the fly,
build intense worlds or landscapes, and still continue theoretical work
throughout, like beads on a necklace.

then with the Internet writing, early on i worked through these same forms
as you know, extending them into all sorts of systems, frameworks, media,
devices, and i ran/g through the jennifer-julu changes. and the being on
line book came out as a kind of 'statement' in the middle of this, and now
with the other book, i'm doing another series of essays, reworking them.

anyway all this is also confining me to short-intervals, as if i'm think-
ing on the run, as if i'm always in flight, and there's been a lot of no-
madicism in my life of course. and there are strands in my work, but they
need to be brought together, and you know that's always a difficulty with
me, thinking 'long form' when i write so much better otherwise. so, and
you know all of this anyway, what i think i want to do is try and use an
outline, maybe doing nothing but rearranging texts within it, maybe ex-
tending it with 'bridges,' maybe writing from scratch.

there are things, like notions of inscription and fissuring, that i've
worked with, thought about for years, and they're all partial in a way,
and i want them to come together, even if i can't get the material pub-
lished, just so i can see the skein of things as i've been working on them
for quite a while.

then i worry that the real 'skein' is actually contained in the fragments,
that i'm working on a philosophy of fragmentation (the early romantics
like the Schlegels in fact did this), but it might take trying to get the
strands to come together, to see this.

i'm bringing a lot of writing, some of it is coming over in the boxes, and
i just want to _look_ at it, go over the debris, so to speak. a lot of it
is sexual, a lot of it deals with what i've called 'broken language,'
which is thwarted, falls apart, a lot of it pushes the languages of psy-
choses, neuroses, depressions, elations, as far as possible, to see what
sorts of fragments fall on the floor. most of this stuff was either pub-
lished in small magazines, or self-published; i did a whole series of xer-
oxed texts for a few years.

i'm constantly trying to figure this stuff out, figure the world out, not
that there's any relation. and i want to try and deal with larger connec-
tivities - one can see what happened with the novel which ended up as 40
pages at the most...

it's not that i get bored trying to write longer texts, it's just that
things i write in that form start to seem irrelevant, and i don't want to
make all the connections - or have them so internalized i can't see them
myself. if in a novel i have a character walking across the room, i just
want her to get to the other side, out the door, and down to the harbor
where the llamas are, and i don't want to worry about how the llamas got
there or why or what she was wearing or eating or the weather, unless
she's blocked by a severe thunderstorm, in which case that's all i think i
need to say...

so i really want to try and concentrate on this stuff, and being with you
in fukuoka will give me that chance as well, because there aren't any
distractions, and because i think my work has sufficient, i don't know,
inertia, behind it now, impetus, to keep on moving, as if there are
strands that will come together if i let them...

most of this has nothing to do with internet, by the way, but the net is
woven all through my stuff, in the forms of fantasms, presences, nuances,
embodiments, materialisms, etc., and i want to explore this.

and if i can, i want to work on the mining, work on what's being brought
to the surface.

as far as drive and ambition's concerned, i'd love to get the results pub-
lished, to try and enter into a dialog with them - i feel strongly about
that stuff. i'd love to get the freedom to really run a seminar with good
students, etc., in these areas (such as they are) - i once gave a talk on
postmodern geography (which i was writing on) to a geography dept., and
the interconnections and feedback were wonderful for me. on the other
hand, the more i tunnel, the less publishable the material might be - if i
were writing about the net primarily, there would be an audience, but not
for these peculiarities...

i've wanted to write about the net as well, and once made a proposal to
o'reilly and company, that they do a book on net community - i may make
that proposal again - a book on governance, issues, attitudes, commands,
setups, all sorts of things, dealing with email lists, conferencing of
various sorts, newsgroups, moos, muds, etc. - not technical, but giving
enough information that someone could really use it as a net 'community
handbook'...

so there are all these plans, and whether or not i can pull the skein to-
gether remains to be seen, but i know i can't do this from brooklyn, there
is too much information flowing through here, i'm not settled, thinking
too much on my toes, not enough from a place of repose, distance, and most
important, well-being...

[...]

