


Of Man and the Binding of Man


(I wrote this 7 years ago, so much for mirrors, bad luck, stages, perhaps
I'm smarter now.)

Man exists only for his death.
Elsewhere he would have died, too.
His essence pertains to estrangement.
He is effaced, thrust out from himself.
He is defined by negation at the heart of things.
His identification is always opened, appropriating, collapsing.
The signifier as his domain is parasitic within and without him.
Man never signifies, but is always the elsewhere of his death.
Man is never equivalent, but exists as the hollow of his interiority.
Death is at the horizon of man's physical strength.
Man's strength is never beyond himself, always grasping.
His strength is given as musculature, empty substance.
Man does not exist within life.
Man is always defining life, circumventing the margin of death.
Man is always never another man.
His enclosure is defined, gives definition his structure.
He exists within the poverty of this philosophy.
He exists only in his absence.
He exists within this and every other structure.
He exists only for the therefore.
He exists for death.
[...]
Man carries the weight of another's misery; his misery is not his own.
Sightless, he spends his life in constant demarcation.
The phallus of death is the demarcation of man.
Man absents himself from the site of woman.
Man's definition is always against, tension at the zero point.
The zero point is that which is never permitted equivalence to itself.
Man is placeless before the sign of gender.
[...]
Whatever is spoken creates the spoor of the escape of the phallus.
The escape is given as forthwith, forthright, birthright.
Man is devoured by the murderous vacuum which surrounds him.
Whatever leaks out, leaks out only through a singular point.
The fissuring of man inverts, creates psychosis: inscription swells.
The swollen devours itself internally; man is defined by his possession.
His possession is no, never, the phallus, but _the tiny little thing._
[...]
What is never asked: What does man want?
The presumption of this question at the heart of psychoanalysis only points
to the masquerade of man, his imaginary placed at the service of the phal-
lus, his symbolic threatened by the free play of the signifier.
Language occasions him.
Man is bound by his binding.
...


