


No. 110 -- The Vanishing Glass of Whiskey

Startling! Astounding! Is what our customers say when they see us vanish a
whiskey glass filled with liquid. Yes! that is what happens. Imagine the
fun at a gathering. Your friend is about to take a drink. You tap her on
the shoulder and ask her if she would like to see a trick. She would.
That's fine. All you do is take the glass of liquid and place it on your
left hand, place right hand over glass. PRESS . . . and it vanishes. The
apparatus is small and convenient to carry around. $1.50

No. 213 -- Squirting Jennifer

A million dollars worth of fun for a buck! The face on this Jennifer just
ain't polite at all. When the "victim" looks at it closely the face
squirts a good healthy stream of water right smack in the spectator's eye.
Easily filled and has a large capacity. Price $1.50

No. 1529 -- The Julu without a Middle

A startling illusion of extraordinary proportions. This has been used with
great success in many illusion shows. A feature presentation of the Travis
show.

A lovely girl assistant is fastened securely to the inside of a cabinet
shaped for a human figure. There are individual doors for the head, legs,
and body so that any part or all of the body can be shown.

Enormous metal plates like guillotine blades are pushed entirely through
the cabinet from side to side. One at the neck position, another at the
waist. The doors are opened and although the legs and head remain the
same, upon opening the center doors both front and rear, the entire center
of the assistant's body has vanished! Magician can be seen through the
cabinet from the rear! There are no mirrors used! The doors are closed and
reopened. The assistant upon being released steps out unharmed! This is
terrific. No stage traps, glass or dummy legs used. Do it even in the
living room.

Workshop plans $5.00

No. 1531 -- The Elastic Stretching Jennifer Illusion

The very latest in illusions. An idea imported from Europe where it has
been creating a sensation whatever shown.

The audience sees a beautifully decorated screen resting on a very thin
platform.

The front doors are opened to allow the audience to see the entire
interior.

The front section is shown to contain four sections in which an assistant
can be locked. These sections can be moved at oblique and vertical angles
by pull cords from the sides.

Magicians assistant enters the cabinet and her head, hands, and feet are
locked in the movable stock sections where they remain visible at all
times. Slowly the magician draws the sections apart by means of the pull
cords, causing the girl's head, hands and feet to assume absolutely im-
possible positions. The hands and feet are drawn five or six FEET away
from the body. A mind baffling effect that leaves the audience with no
explanation. A truly wonderful illusion.

Workshop Plans $5.00

No. 1540 -- The Artist's Dream Model

Magician fastens a sheet of paper to a large picture frame which is then
placed on an easel at center stage. He quickly paints a sketch of a girl
and then breaking through the paper at various points he produces a
variety of articles such as silks, pigeons, rabbits or even a large duck.
Then the entire piece of paper is ripped asunder and a beautiful girl
steps out of the frame, an artist's (magician's) dream come to life.
Unusual and wonderfully different this illusion will find instant favor
with you and your audiences.

Workshop Plans $2.00


