


Fukuoka Diary, II


Well, he sat me down at the teburu, couple of women beside him. I wondered
about the Japanese-Jennifer on the right, Japanese-Julu on the left. What
was happening? 
Hello, Jennifer
You say: Hello, Jennifer
Time passes; we've met before...
You say: Time passes; we've met before...
These are difficult days!!
You exclaim: These are difficult days!!
:evening...
You say: :evening...
.emote Evening
Alan Evening
.echo evening falls...
- evening falls...
.echo rain, warm showers from the south...
- rain, warm showers from the south...
.echo jennifer, i loved you
- jennifer, i loved you
Does he know that? I wonder if he knows how close we were. I wonder if he
cares. I can't read his eyes. I can read her eyes. Her eyes read me. I am
in Fukuoka, this very second day, and already...
...adventure...intrigue...mystery...



ii


A Description of Japanese-Julu, Related by Japanese-Jennifer, from the
Konjaku Monogatari, translated by S. W. Jones: 

"Again, after passing through another village, the preceptor saw another
forest-dwelling monk. When this monk perceived that he was seated, he got
up, that he was up, he ran, that he was running, he turned around, that he
was turning, he dropped down on his hands and knees, that he was down, he
sat up. He faced east, then south, then west, then north. When he perceiv-
ed that he was laughing, he got angry, that he was angry, he wept.

"Though aware that this appeared to be a madman, the preceptor approached
him and asked, 'Good sir, what on earth are you doing?'

"The mad monk replied: 'In the human order, no sooner do we perceive our-
selves born in heaven than we are reborn as men, born as men than we sink
to hell, in hell than we sink to the realm of famished demons, as demons
than we become raging asuras, asuras than we sink to the animal realm and
run on all fours. Roughly my behavior exemplifies the impermanence of the
three worlds. Any sane person, I thought, if thus shown the destinations
of rebirth will thereby be enabled to grasp the impermanence of the three
worlds. I have therefore made it my act to keep repeating this round.'

"Upon hearing his story the preceptor thought, 'This can have been no ord-
inary man,' and thanked him and left."


