


As for Jennifer, her personality is gentle. Jennifer-san rages late-
night Darkroom, but never again; Nakasha heats up, Tenjin, all the
outlying districts. See gaijin run; Kon gnaws death as for himself.

Kuchi ga gatai, he's closed-mouthed, hard-mouthed; he now watches Kon.
Jennifer-san awakens from a dream of killing, slicing; it's all right.
What was before is the same; Kon's transitive, she thinks. Kon thinks,
she's the one for me. They have tea.

Nothing happened at the Darkroom, Jennifer guesses. She's lost her
name, -san has disappeared. She wants Eigo all the way down, the
tongue of the native, transparent comfort pretending understanding.
All language is viral, poison (she read); it seeps in, obscures, makes
pretty-poison blue-black writing. This _is the case_ she decides,
here! now! She wants to have the description of the world delivered
daily to her front door, no genkan in the way, socks and boots already
facing inside-outside and everywhere.

She doesn't understand, Kon decries, decides. They have tea, toast,
what remains of yesterday's bento. They move on and early-morning out,
already rage against the city. What happened to Tom? What did he speak
with gun-barrel diplomacy, or rather kanji could he read just about
anywhere?

Kuchi ga karui, she'd have a light mouth, ask everyone, spread rumors,
listen everywhere, blabber on, prattle to friends and strangers, talk
and talk until _it_ returned with news, something in a pocket, a trail
leading backwards and forwards, shuttling through snack-bar town.
She'd open herself wide, ready for the fall. She thought Kon: I like
you. Deeper, I love you. Maybe deeper yet, I'm in love with you, or
maybe I'm crazy in love with you, madly in love. She thought Eigo Eng-
lish talk, Jennifer-san, may I speak to you after class? An English is
my owning language. Kon read his name on the bullet.

She read, in blue and black, "The evolution of machines is at first
evident by the fact that they arise in "generations." One after anoth-
er, newer models supersede the older, which often are embedded - let's
call this the distortions of history, somewhat backwards-compatible.
But sooner or later, there's a big leap to a new paradigm, and every-
one is left behind. Capital picks up the pieces: Buy New! And trans-
late the best you can; otherwise, there's nothing to do but start
over."

This Korean who killed Tom for the guns is a machine, she decided,
there's a new game in town. But it's only human species, said Kon,
well, by definition, not so much new under the sun. Certainly not in
the centuries of Fukuoka, everyone business as usual. The guns were
laid out in parallel rows, glittering, glint-glint! as jagged patterns
flashed before Jennifer's eyes, a migraine coming on.

She was gaijin, up to gai-jinx. She lived in a world of pure incompre-
hension, the lessons of school-children, difficult periods, medication
and saki-solace. Japanese would have been another language of smooth
vocalizations, repetitions. Syllabic-hangul Koreans closed in, taking
over yakuza-gaijin connects. Kon thought it was a matter of alphabets,
lean syllables, phonemics, running slipshod across low-bandwidth com-
puters, everything running high-speed forever, wires singing. In
cyberspace, everyone knew their place, a matter of romaji, latin let-
ters. In the future, Kon thought in black and blue, wars will be a
matter of position, citation degree-zero. But not now as pachinko
lights cast spells upon the population, gaijin and native alike. Not
to mention the schoolgirls sliding like eels into the depths of child-
hood, everyone wanting a piece.

Into the maelstrom of the Darkroom, Rumours, Snack-Bar Delight, Kon
and Jennifer plunge; naked beneath their shirts and pants, they clutch
each other, mouths open as if about to speak, recite alphabets and
guns. All the colors in the world, are all the colors in the world.
Now, she takes his gun in, Tom forgotten. Now, every-word-perfection
comes to bare on flesh, a new position for the body as concepts mount
one another, photograph the moment of arousal.

Begin language. Gesture. Some chemical makes response to rhythm; ano-
ther makes visions. Flexible arms and legs. Skin-book, the first book
is the body. Jennifer's nipple pierced by Kon's ring of silver; Jen-
nifer-hiragana across Jon's breast. Numbered into one another. The
dog-eating Korean has the guns. Rumors: look for them, they're looking
for you. Machinic dispositions of reciprocity and exchange. Gears
coagulate out of the beginnings of material culture: Jennifer owns her
ring, Kon, his skin-marks.

Savage names lacerate mobile sites right from the beginning. _No one
understands the name,_ it's the hinge or vortex of incomprehension.
It's too close to the real. The Korean is "the Korean." Tom-dead is
clearly generic; Kon knew he reproduced like water, no-fuck flows and
empty-rhythm culture.

There's no name to truth as bodies wed to earth: "Kon and Jennifer are
marrying." "Kon and Jennifer are getting married," Jennifer teaches.
"But Jennifer is wedded to the earth." Kon, Khan, conquistador and the
dirt of central Asia. He should know. He should know her.

The language is the same all the way across. Across the strait, Pusan
beckons. Kon and Jennifer for the holiday, for the hell of it. They
knew: no truth here. Suddenly: blaze-guns in the streets. They go
down: something's coming!

It's the dog-eating Korean, following them, how? On the ferry, foot,
bicycle. With the new guns, he fires away. Perfect trajectories are
catenaries slightly out of shape, given the earth's tired sphere. A
star-pattern across Pusan's streets, they're running now. Jennifer
thinks Jennifer's fault, she's spread talk everywhere, loose lips,
kuchi ga karui, can't keep her mouth shut, can't keep a secret, asked
too many questions, talked everywhere and everywhere. Her words
flooded the streets of Fukuoka from Chiyo south to Okinawa. Everyone
knew, crazy gaijin with her signs of Eigo, placards of romaji, kanji
boards held taut with gaijin-Tom's improper name.

In Pusan, dust. Policeman Dick is riding by, beauty-bicycle, black and
blue. Policeman Dick's gun puffs, dog-eating Korean is blown away. Now
Kon and Jennifer quietly leave the park for the ferry; they've had
enough! Now they'll wed the water, work through all four elements. Kon
thinks, there's a time for everything; Jennifer knows better. Jennifer
knows she owns time, owns Kon's time, owns all the time in the world.
Jennifer-gaijin is always perfect Jennifer.

Kon and Jennifer reproduce together, and Kon learns the useless value
of collars, electronics, monitoring devices. He takes her silver ring
between his teeth, distends her breast slightly. She can read the
hiragana, Jennifer's true love.


