




Arguing from Nowhere


"As distinguished from a litigation, a differend would be a case of con-
flict, between (at least) two parties, that cannot be equitably resolved
for lack of a rule of judgment applicable to both arguments. One side's
legitimacy does not imply the other's lack of legitimacy. However, apply-
ing a single rule of judgment to both in order to settle their differend
as though it were merely a litigation would wrong (at least) one of them
(and both of them if neither side admits this rule). Damages result from
an injury which is inflicted upon the rules of a genre of discourse but
which is reparable according to those rules. A wrong results from the fact
that the rules of the genre of discourse by which one judges are not those
of the judged genre or genres of discourse."

Parties occupy bandwidth, take up space, begin and end domains, ravel and
unravel as the case may be; parties claim legitimacy based on history,
common language, framework. To be a part to parties is to designate in-
scribed spaces, longings and belongings. 

The space of the Net is a constructed space, not a primordial site of ter-
ritorialization. It is inscribed, maintained, denotated; it is addressed. 
Like the classical European landscape with its perspective, Netspace por-
tends the presence of a witness, point-of-view, origin; it is never emp-
tied or exhausted. Parties on the surface have little access to the
depths; ownership is always relative. Languages - personal, performative,
and software - compete on or across all levels; everything is _placed,_
accessible above and below with absolute, relative, and/or indirect
addressing.

Which means that competition or _jostling_ has at best self-contained le-
gitimacy (as if there were any other in the 'natural'). Which means that
such is already postmodern, the play of convention, variable playing-
field, gaming to be sure. 

So that there can be no pretense towards the natural, only towards discur-
sive regimes: so that _there can be no appeal._

Which is the construct of the flame, the spam, the troll, the interven-
tion. Contested regimes develop across bandwidth which is simply a _condi-
tion._ "Because everyone is speaking and everyone is listening, no one is
speaking and no one is listening." 

"Principles of connection and heterogeneity: any point of a rhizome can be
connected to anything other, and must be. This is very different from the
tree or root, which plots a point, fixes an order. The linguistic tree on
the Chomsky model still begins at a point S and proceeds by dichotomy. On
the contrary, not every trait in a rhizome is necessarily linked to a
linguistic feature: semiotic chains of every nature are connected to very
diverse modes of coding (biological, political, economic, etc.) that bring
into play not only different regimes of signs but also states of things of
differing status." 

Logics that proceed by gesture, leaky or quantum logics, extend themselves
by virtue of the organic, beyond the referent - they're _guessed at._
Couple them with rhizomatic heterogeneity, combine these with phrase re-
gimes and the problematics of governance across open but fully-signified
architectures, and one begins to develop a Net model in which languages
themselves are in flux, interpenetrated. Here's a body, there's a text, in
the middle is something that might be considered a rush or blush of words,
tendrils, broken bits of code, gestural sputterings. 

Apply this: Look for the breakdown of levels, reminders across domains, an
inexpressivity of the _index._ Place oneself in the midst of IPs, callups,
port numbers, binaries, compression ratios. Look at subject-heading trans-
forms or re: re: re: as unions and intersections meld into the semblance
of an _event._ Isolate the _event_: _being can't be done in these parts._
Watch the devolution of proper names, morphisms and (MOO) @morphisms, est-
ablishment and disestablishment of frameworks attached to sites and cita-
tions. Tabulate subject-lists, object-lists, roots and trees gathered at
their servers. 

Count everything unaccountable, watch the numbers change. 


