






The Language


Maybe they're walking. Maybe they're in Hakata-Eki. Maybe they're out
in the street. Maybe there's no street, no names, just first-last, who
got there. Maybe there's the getting.

The language is the same all the way down, Jennifer said. First you
notice the signs on the street, then labels on electrical cords,
things like that. You expect hiragana or katakana, fixed alphabets,
and instead you get infinity. Infinity leaks everywhere; kanji goes on
and on, back and back, flooding the world. The world is all that is
inscribed, she said.

They wonder how we reproduce. They keep track of us with electronics,
sometimes collars. We're nameless; they can't tell us apart. We fade
quickly in the sun; sometimes shadows give us away, but not often
enough. There's no borders around us. They think we don't reproduce.

Kon said, they don't reproduce; he knew it. They were fixed, like
stations. They had answers for everything; questions were a suffix.
They're present - they were always present. They'll be there. Europe
is a flower.

Somewhere there is a signal, and an eye meets it. What crosses and
reverses is chiasmus, thinking organ /\/ organic thought. There are
terms beyond alphabets and numbers, pronunciations that do not meet
the eye, then are no signals, but instances, instantiations. They cut
the paper in two; they made the paper, the edges of it rough, shorn as
if torn.

They'd write this in hopes of a better future life. Kon was doomed,
Jennifer distraught. Polaroid filtration, transparent apart, blocking
light and yama-mountain together. They'd have a better life.

Gaijin distraught. Gaijin at a loss. Gaijin on the run. Gaijin with
guns; no one else in the world has guns. They're long and black and
metal, flat blue metal and black grips and blue bullets and black
chambers. They have fetish-sheen, get high black-market, grey-market
prices for them.

Tom looked up; he's got one for sale. The customer: a Korean from
Pusan. Niman, worth every yen. Eyes the bullets. Calls Tom out to the
genkan. Look, man. Guy looks Tom in the eyes. Tom takes two of them,
down for the kill.

Koreans are killers. Gaijin make the guns, peace-makers. They fire
them in special kilns. Last several months, waterproof, always good
in Fukuoka autumn. Rains destroy wars. Gaijin never get wet; they've
got oils in their pale skins. Dollars go a long way translated into 
any currency.

There's an investigation, Jennifer distraught. She calls on Kon. He
sees death for the first time. It's gaijin death; Kon understands.
Suddenly: Zen, satori! Knows all. Kon knows.

Jennifer and Kon go out to the Darkroom. It's black, blue, like bul-
lets. There's a ledge on one side. They sit. Korean walks into the
glare. He's looking, nervous, edgy. Could it be someone else; they
know all of them know all of them, Kon says. Jennifer says, Kon,
you're prejudiced, ignorant, unknowing-cloud, you haven't got it. Kon
says, Jennifer.

The Korean orders sake. Sake-man says none, besides no heat here, just
the sound. Hole blares from the speakers, pale-faced Alan requests
from the corner. They've got hats. Jennifer knows hatred first-hand,
sees it seething. The Korean turns slowly, as if there were something
on his mind. Kon says, impossible. Jennifer thinks, impolite.

Soon someone will reach for something and it will all begin. It's a
question of time, not Heidegger or Husserl, not being. It's waiting an
instant out, a moment. The Korean gets up to leave. Stop, says
Jennifer, hold on, just a moment. The sky turns blue-black.

Nani says the Korean. Gaijin bastard. You haven't a mother haven't a
father. You came from the clouds. Jennifer whips him across the face;
eyes flash out, sliced last-vision Jennifer down on the ground scream-
ing; she's scrammed. Kon: Don't do that again. You've screwed the
deal.

Tom, Tom, Jennifer says, he's dead. The language is all the way down.


