


Lessen / Up    ( Where's my Jumper? )


"Subject: starving to death in a land of plenty 

Somatic knowledge has nothing to do with the signifier."

Now please note, _somatic_ knowledge, the field of the body - flows, in-
tensifications, inscriptions blurred among moments of affect. Now this is
not the signifier of the tattoo, nor is it an n-dimensional representation
or substrate. One might consider it a _topography_ not in fact.

Certain an external event, bicycle fall!, can occasion a somatic response,
but as Scarry might say, the reports fall short of the event, nor are the
reports more than, perhaps, a meandering _among_ descriptors, all of which
miss the literal mark. 

Here of course I am relating "the signifier" to declarative sentences
which purport "true" descriptions of events, states, processes: "I fell
off my bike!" Now it is not true that these sentences are the scaffolding
of somatic knowledge; they are a residue which creates certain effects
within the listener, which are designed to reproduce what might be consid-
ered a _shell_ structure in relation to the somatic kernel.

Here, in this space, note carefully now, we are constrained by and large
to ascii-text or a text which follows the protocols sufficiently to per-
mit transmission - in other words, there is always an etiquette at work. 
Thus (not that this necessarily follows), we are within a land of plenty,
and even ascii-text expands and opens spaces (I write to you - I create
packets, message-ids, a space/shift/slot in your inbox) indefinitely -
there is little preordained limit on this, besides the practical exig-
encies occasioned by various ISPs.

But then, beyond this bot-ulism, this reproduction which may run of its
own accord, there is the somatic, starved, ill-served and servicing. The
body mumbles, burps, gurgles, pisses, shits, scratches, ahems, argghs,
yells, jumps, runs, sings, huddles, stands, sits, or so it might seem, and
whatever the report might be, there's always a _senseless_ disjunction.

This is a _test_ of thoughtless language: 

What is your body doing _now_?
What are you _thinking_ of doing? 
Is what you are _thinking_ of doing, what your body will be doing?
Will you be doing the thinking for your body?
Will your body be doing the thinking for you?
What is your body doing _now_?

Thus starved in a plentiful land, somatic language, translated, becomes
one with the flattening of affect and capital, for it is capital that
creates protocol, etiquette, permission, for what can only be considered 
_the passing of signs._


