



The Truth of Dis-Ease, Illness, Lesions of Thought and Affect


I cannot gauge the destructiveness of my fever without a thermometer;
I can only recognize the current demobilization of my body - sheets of
convulsive shuddering, for example, across the upper chest region, and
a certain weakness in the skin of the legs and arms. This is accompan-
ied by a continuous cough, possible water in the lungs, insomnia. I
bring up these _conditions_ or illness, dis-ease, in relation to writ-
ing, which is always apparently constituted by the physically healthy
body - thus philosophy, say, based on the _red patch_ assumes a lack
of color-blindness, and a phenomenologist sitting at a desk is presum-
ably not subjected to continuous burning sensations, as a result of
the sunlight entering through the window.

Years ago, in Disorders of the Real, I thought through a similar ill-
ness, writing through it, through the hallucinations and sweats; I was
unable to function, but wondered, marginally (to the extent I could
wonder at all) whether the image or construct of the world given to me
_under those conditions_ might not be somehow "truer" than otherwise.
If this seems far-fetched, think of those writing within depression,
and depression's hold on reality.

So to what extent is the philosopher not only healthy, but a model of
health and sanity for that matter? And here are some quotes from the
book:

"Bury

"I have the flu. It is a violent case; I find it difficult to concen-
trate. Things seem lighter; my body twists and curls. There are mom-
ents of tension, dizziness. Nothing resolves.

"What resolves, reverses, is the memory of a fantasy. Which reduces to
an image, is captured by an image. A hole in the shape of a funnel, an
inverted cone, into the ground. About thirteen inches; somehow this
depth is significant. When I do not have the flu. Which I do at the
moment."

This is from The Sickness I. Here is more:

"Does the flu take over the fantasy, as chills begin. They are typical
chills in this abnormal, atypical December weather with the tempera-
tures reaching into the mid 70s. What about the fantasy when the body
convulses, or is the result of the fantasy, the same, and therefore
the necessity for its presence? In the midst of my sickness, the flu."

And what if the image, the fantasy, is a guiding metaphor? What if it
constitutes the heart of philosophical exegesis, something later on
perhaps that I would bring back, from sickness into health? What are
the insights offered? What have they to do with the structure of the
world?

"A smoothness somehow tied into the cause and effect relation of the
flu. To itself. The flu which consumes itself. Disappearing into the
blending of reason."

Becoming the heart of reason, the dis-ease at the core of philosophy,
taking the world apart, nothing for granted.

And from The Sickness II:

"Even then in the midst of my sickness (delirium) I speculated on this
apparition. The fever insisted on telling a truth: this was verified
by the fever itself."

The fever deconstructs the body, holds it in abeyance. An addition: I
don't feel well, I don't feel myself, I don't feel anything, I'm some-
where else, where am I?

Then there is the practical inertness, The Sickness V emphasizing the
stone or ghost-like apparition of the self. For both interpenetrate:
The stone is hollow, transparent, and the ghost thuds to the ground.
Words choke in the throat; language vacates itself, meaning is no
longer present or an issue. As in depression, everything decathects,
and it is this loosening, this disinvestment, that tends towards a
truth that topples, that can never be recognized, since there is no
healthy subject to recognize it:

"All this stupid thing does is sit around and watch television.
That's the first line.
It always forgets what it's talking about. Half its mind is gone.
That's another line.
It just had its temperature raised to hell and back. It just had its
ear smashed [tinnitus].
That's something.
It just can't hear the high notes. It just can't tell where the low
notes are coming from.
That's one of them.
It watches its body collapsing each time a breath is expelled.
Someone has to remind it to breathe.
That's whatever.
It gets sick at night; it can't remember where it comes from.
That's it.
It misses the point; it can't remember what it was you said just a
moment ago.
That's maybe what it meant.
It can't even make a point; it just writes and writes and makes
errors, errors not points.
That's a line or two."
[...]
"It can't even rot; it doesn't have enough mind left for the rot of
it.
That's not even the truth.
It just had a bloody hot fever; it remembers the fever, whatever that
had been, wherever.
Isn't nothing at all.
Isn't the first or the second.
Isn't meaning anything.
Isn't a head or anything at all."

Isn't meaning anything, because _there_ would be the locus of meaning
- instead we'll foreclose illness, cancel it, cancel depression for
that matter - cancel neurosis, schizophrenia, psychosis - look for the
truth in health - in the post-therapeutic subject - well-adjusted -
now you see the problem - already this has been deconstructed in rela-
tion to the psychoanalytical - but with the physical, yes, there are
still ailments, these carry - if anything - misrecognitions, misrepre-
sentations - or so it seems - I'd say, here, otherwise - let's look at
fevered texts, convulsive or epileptic texts - let's look at cancered
texts or texts in-formed by tumors - let's look of the truth of the
waning mind - the consumed body - the body of lesions - body of wounds
- I don't mean here, the political economy of this body, or its wit-
nessing - I mean specifically the contribution to philosophy that
emerges - yes, I know otherwise, but bear with me here - next time
you're sick, reread these words - note the transparency of things -
watch the draining of meaning when you're no longer around to main-
tain it - you see again what I'm getting at -

_It's infecting you -_

