



Memory, Circumlocution, Phenomenology


When I decided to come to Japan, I had already been six years in New York,
living in the same loft the while. I had established routines for shower-
ing, going for early afternoon coffee, the programs I watched on late-night
television. I had a circle of friends who tolerated me, often trading or
giving books and other theoretical paraphenalia away. In short, I had est-
ablished a habitus of customary dispositions of reasonable depth, including
jacking in to cyberspace on my Pentium desktop several times a day.

I would program on the desktop or explore the Linux system I had installed.
Over the years, the number of phonecalls I received  dropped off drastically
as the Net took up more and more communicative space. In the last several
months, I had negotiated a trade with Tom Zummer, receiving an old Mac in
exchange for some other equipment. I set this up on the top of the bureau
(which also bordered the top of the sink in typical New York style), and
used this for email; it was quick and easier to use than the desktop for
these types of tasks.

There were also two laptops in the apartment, both 486/25s, which I now have
with me in Fukuoka. One was set in front of the futon, providing a third
station; the second was usually packed away, taken out for trips and other
distance applications. Although both are slow, the Aero is very lightweight,
and the NCR has one of the best active matrix screens I've seen. I'm typing
this, for example, in crisp black, white, yellow, and green.

In short, I had established a personal environment interpenetrated with var-
ious forms of communication technologies - phone, radio (shortwave, etc.),
mail, magazines, computer (internet, etc.), television, cassette tape, CD,
CD-ROM, and VCR. The phone machine linked me across my departures and arri-
vals from the loft; the mail continues to come.

I left quickly for Japan, two months or so after making the decision. A
large part of this time was taken in translating goods from one site to
another, which I had never seen. The translation consisted in either phys-
ical sending of material, or packing and storing. Before either, I sold a
number of books, gave a number away, including some which I regret at this
point - including a sale of two shopping-bags of "theory" for one-hundred-
some dollars, well below market value.

The transition eventually transformed the loft into a space emptied of per-
sonal history; I'd wake in the morning, along with the cat, facing a mute
range of cartons and boxes, shelves half-empty, books out of order or askew.
I was draining the signs of my life, the clutter and trinkets which separate
the everyday familiality of the world from the impersonal spaces of capital
and implosion on the street.

I left through portals, through other transitional spaces. The night before
flying from New York, I did a poetry reading; the night before that, I pur-
chased the loft. I flew to San Francisco, spending part of a night and the
next morning with my daughter; the next morning, I left for Portland, then
Nagoya, then Fukuoka. Each of these occasions released or gathered; each
provided a distancing from everyday life in Brooklyn. Things slipped away. I
had shipped two cartons of books, took others with me. Whenever possible, I
jacked in the Net, thanks for the memories. I used this account or that ac-
count; I was turning unaccountable.

In Fukuoka, the alterity of inertia has been everywhere. I have written of
kanji and the language all the way down, the necessity of interpretive stra-
tegies across common everyday activities - mailing a letter, picking up a
package, buying the proper kind of milk. I have written of the obdurate
nature of the sign, so evident in its unreadability - on one hand, I'm in
the midst of the physico-inert (practico-inert); on the other, I'm excused
from the textual world, so I skim, render surfaces back into surfaces. Thus
material depth in a world of signs which appear as further gestures, signi-
fiers into the void. All dissolves in the knowledge that for everyone around
me, the world is everyday, slipping by. Nothing slips by here; hijoguchi,
emergency door, requires a series of moves in order to comprehend the phrase
or kanji or even what door is meant, for what purpose, and wherefore.

_Wherefore_ which is the condition of birth. _Wherefore_ which is the state
of death, descent, as well; once I knew what to do in case of fire, and once
I recognized the State for what it is, was, will be.

But this is an essay on memory and reconstitution: Who do I hear from, still
in New York or elsewhere in North America? How is the process of neighboring
discontinued by flight, lines of flight? New York implodes constantly; once
there, the rest of the world is withdrawn or absorbed, transformed into the
same thing. So that I do not hear from New York from outside New York, and I
would say that New York is emblematic of foreclosure itself, that no one
hears from New York, that New York disappears into itself, perhaps in the
way that any large city does, and perhaps not. But I was there, leaving
after just having purchased a loft, and it is this, the loft and the people
and taking a shower, that I am writing about, the necessity for reconstitu-
tion, and the operations of memory described by Sartre, say, all the way
back in the Psychology of Imagination, or Schutz on relevance theory, or
even current work in cognitive psychology, emphasizing the constitution of
the world, not its given - for it is here that this essay unfolds, in its
reconstitution.

For example, the shower, which I do not remember in its totality or as a
sign or signified, but only in the detail, which I begin to reconstruct -
the need to step over the weathered piece of wood on the step in order to
enter it, the stains on the cheap plastic, the sealed drain which leaked
into the downstairs hallway - all of these things which do not come to mind
immediately, but are reconstructed as a chain of signifiers - or more prop-
erly, as a narrative - so that there is on one hand a "feeling" of the
shower and its environs, but on the other, there is the need to create a
story about it, similar to the stories necessary in learning kanji - only
_this_ story reaches out into the physical world, bringing it back to me -
although, again, perhaps it's a reconstruction of fiction, something that
never existed - it would be hard to know without returning - so that New
York is becoming, increasingly, both "New York" and an _unfolding_ that
exists _qua_ unfolding, and it's the _qua_ - the narrativization - that is
the core of historiography, I'd dare say - that is at the heart of things -

[There might be another example from the process of creating "measure poly-
topes" in dimension theory - in other words, moving from the two-dimensional
square to the three-dimensional cube - you can do this by "sliding" the
square at right-angles to itself, just the right distance - there's your
cube - and it's just as easy to slide a one-dimensional line-segment "side-
ways," creating the square in the first place - this all beginning, of
course, with a single zero-dimensional point - you slide it, and form a
line-segment - so that it's as if there is a beginning, middle, and end, to
the segment - it doesn't matter where you begin, which end is the beginning
and which is the end - it's the sliding (I realize I'm creating a dynamics
here) - all sorts of things emerge from this approach, needless to say - but
here the only point is that there _are_ points demarcating the segment,
which consists of <point> <continuum opened at both ends> <point> - and you
can imagine this as a _track_ telling us something if you want.]

So that now, I carry around a triple structure of the past - first, those
memories which are "ordinary" ones, highschool prom for example - anything
that was in the past, that presents itself, that demarcates itself, perhaps
those things that create traumatic structures or even at the time seemed
emblematic - then there are those memories which are "foreclosed," which
appear as nodes or intensifications, emptied of content - or rather, with
inaccessible content - such as "New York" before leaving, my habitus in
relation to my friends, the socio-cultural landscape for example - and
third, there are those memories that are "on the verge," "on the tip of my
tongue" (langue) - which appear, are apparent, only by virtue of reconsti-
tution, a re-creation - and of course, all of these are intertwined, one
lending itself to the others - I live in a world of half fictivities - our
worlds always border, "just about," on psychosis in this regard - what is
true or not - and there are the issues of what strategies are necessary for
the reconstitution, dredging, in the first place?

And for me, back to the shower, it's the _path_ or _action-paths_ across or
into the shower that are germane, the moment of the body _in regard_ to the
shower, in regard to its space - I can see my hand reaching for the shampoo
for example - the smaller bottles kept in a shallow cavity on the shower
rail (in the right-hand corner), the larger kept in a shelf with "fencing"
hanging from the shower head itself - then there were the left-over bottles
- what hadn't I finished using, what did I use, what remained of the liquids
and solids that constituted my everyday hygiene - and I can remember further
into the mouthwash on the poorly-constructed shelf above the toilet, and so
on and so forth - even with animals -

The cat, Boojum, imagining her, the tenor of her fur, quality of her eyes,
her movements across the floor - I'd have to think of something to toss -
she'd play for a little while, then drop away - she'd lose interest quickly
- and I think this is because of the way she was probably brought up - she
was a street cat who was kept as a tiny kitten, I think, in the basement of
the Cuban restaurant next door, as a mouser - she got out - we heard her
mewling and mewling in the back garden - went out there, found her - took
her in - no choice really, she's been with me every since, except for a few
months - tears up the furniture - a particularly loving cat, by the way - I
can remember, I can remember -

And so it goes, even with people, even with the quality of space and time,
even with the constructs of dimensionality - when did the world appear quite
so _real_ as it did, say, on a certain afternoon I can imagine, create, in
1969 or 1973 or 2004? What a swirling here! And what difficulty to decide
where virtuality occurs, what is _hardened_ and what's not, what is "really"
present and what's not - and how one defines "really" - which loses as soon
as it's formed in the mouth or by the fingers - everything carries ghosts -

It's the reason, I think, for ghosts - they're carried as the organs or
structures of reconstitutions, they're the remaking of the world and its
hollowing at the same time - they're simultaneously birth and death, pre-
sence and absence, fullness and lack - there's no accounting for them - and
now, we live adjacent to a graveyard in a Buddhist temple ground, and I'm
waiting for the next typhoon - the dead will rise, or something will, or
something will sink, something of life or lifelessness, not this eternal
circling or cycling, just the _building_ of the world - its scaffolding -
you can almost see it toppling - rather perhaps our existence as stains upon
it - memories for no reason whatsoever, memories for no occasion at all.

Oh, this is to those ghosts who swell our bodies, harden them into the ves-
tiges of life! This is for those strategies, those operations! This is for
the moment of foreclosure, completion, return to the beginning which gives
everything a name, proper or otherwise! This is for occasions! Once, I was
living by the side of a valley, there was a factory and a machine in the
valley, and I saw the factory, heard the machine. And I remember [...]

Ghosts, which I have created for the occasion - or, to be precise, which 
have created me - and no more can I remember, they're part and parcel -
just as DNA courses, for example, or the air itself - they're together,
I'm human after all - whatever I remember, you can be sure (are you there?)
- passes - this is a species in fact concerned with _passing,_ the on- 
slaught of time as one example, hiding, effacing, as another [...]

Part-object ghosts, irreal ghosts, nanotech ghosts, machinic desire 
[...]

[...]


