



Bourdieu Note

[That what appears cleansed from within, the purity of form and con-
tent, is context within the habitus. See The Field of Cultural Pro-
duction  and Language and Symbolic Power. Read on.

In Language and Symbolic Power, Pierre Bourdieu takes Austin and oth-
ers to task for presenting a naive view of performativity from a form-
alist stance. Institutions and context are not taken into account; in
order for performative competence to occur, members must both recog-
nize and empathize with authority. Language is seen as communication
within a linguistic community. Language does not operate on itself.
Nevertheless, computer languages provide an instructive counter exam-
ple. Within the aegis of a program, the language itself is the ins-
titution, articulated through other languages, all the way down to
software implementations in the midst of hardware. This is clean-cut;
the program need only be started for it to run independently of com-
munity. It carries out tasks in what appears to be a rather essential
interiority, and one might consider that every action in the universe
might be considered one sort of program or another.

The computer language, then, is both formal and leaky, residing in the
midst of other languages; what appear to be objects and life-forms may
only be the surplus productions of a program that continues to develop
on its own. Such a language, in fact, _can_ operate upon itself, as
any owner in 1974 of a TI59 calculator can attest to; even within such
a small device, there are self-modifying programs - and the develop-
ment since then has been exponential.

Thus the program could be considered almost purely performative in the
Austinian sense, constructing by virtue of compiled or interpreted
commands. While the context is the computer itself, as well as the
particular implementation of the language, etc., this is formal and
well-defined and conceivably inseparable from the language as well.

One could argue that there is always an operator in the background,
but this parallels human evolution with an Operator in the background.

I would argue instead that there is a qualitative difference between
human languages (as constituted by speech and writing) and computer
languages - precisely in this aspect - that performativity within the
computer (which is all there is vis-a-vis the language) is context-
free, in a sense which human languages are not. I would also argue
that this constitutes a turn in representation itself, which becomes
both construct and _dynamic,_ performative, just as any virtual real-
ity is necessarily performative, if not to be reduced to the old-
fashioned stereograms of the nineteenth century.

Thus it is relevant now to ask: What does it mean to _perform the
real,_ which is a question that, previously, would have been consid-
ered nonsensical, or literally the theater of psychoses.


