


Twice the Speed!


Desiree rides herself, O Beauty!

Latest Shinkansen bullet train in operation, the Nozomi, at 300 kilo-
meters per hour! Fukuoka to Tokyo, minus the stops, Nozomi, "desire"
among other readings - the pure vector of it - the momentum generated
by the _wish_ itself. It's a hurricane! tsunami! typhoon, "table wind"
winding across the plains of Japan! Suddenly: No Nozomi, cancelled for
the day or night. Desire travels everywhere except to the far north!
Little desire in Hokkaido! The brain is where the stem is, things fall
to the ground, gather in Kyushu! In Kyushu, I become Hakata-Doll,
which makes me special. I gather Desiree in my Kimono. She is very       
cold! She has been out all night in Nakasu, now collapsing on the tat-
ami mat! We feel very sad for her. Later, we tell her that there are    
new Shinkansen under development, right now! They have reached speeds
of 550 kilometers per hour! They levitate! There is no desire!       
My brain tracks her to the end of the line! I am cannibal! So long,
Desiree! Hello Nozomi!

"Thinking of these beautiful Islands, vectored beyond reason, I am re-
minded of the fragility of all Life, the frailty of being Human, and
our dear mortal Souls, given to miserable Trespass." (Jonathen Swift, 
Gulliver's Travels.)

"There is too much desire in the world." (Wittgenstein.) "There is 
just the right amount." (John Cage.) "I've never been to Japan, but I 
was born there." (Three Dog Night.)

Desiree breaks the sound barrier; she's traveling now, faster than 
the vocation of the real. Beautiful streamers behind her; Diogenes
Laertius reports that the Chaldeans could read the invisible spirits
streaming everywhere in the air. 

Aw, it's all so sad when desire loses itself among the rigidity of 
protocols and tracks, on the way to paradise. It's all so sad when I
can't remember what I'm writing, when my virtual body collapses as a
result of physical illness - but it's then that clarity surfaces: 
_Who is Desiree, and why is she saying those terrible things about 
me?_

The fever throws plates off my stomach; the ground is cluttered with
parts of my body, fits and starts. I can see my arm from my eye. I 
can feel my wrist from my foot. The Nozomi hurtles through the night
and every feverish shudder (I have) tends towards a slight inhalation
- O Japan! O Desire!

True and false gods - look how the world's barred. I missed the train
and spent the night in the Hakata station. So what? Well, there was
American coffee, and I met an itinerant shakuhachi player who taught
me everything I know!

Such as cancer is the leading cause of death in Japan. Such as, peo-
ple rush rush rush! but get nowhere! Desire burns out, and Desiree's
stuck on the track, sick, as the typhoon hits and the train just 
stalls out! Subscribe to shinkansen-l@listserv.aol.com!

Now it's almost time to leave, now I'm on the train, Tokyo! O Tokyo,
big Eastern City of the Korean Peninsula! How are you today!


