



The Attempted* Rewrite: Diseases of Being


Dreaming, dreaming, unwell, dreaming, I can no longer understand my
dreams; dream-signs written in false dream-kanji clutter the dream-
landscape - dream-writing becomes inert, dreaming, signifier of
incomprehension, dreaming, and writing slips back into the world it
once mediated. Dream-world or world, dreaming, dream-mediation hold-
ing back the dream-real or real, dreaming, now lost to dream-interpre-
tation: they are _here, dreaming,_ they are my dream-foreign; there is
no dream-comprehension, dreaming, dream-therapeutic; only broken
dream-bodies with common dream-blood and dream-bones abound. You see
you may take "dream" out of this in any "dream-space, dreaming," but
you cannot add past the inert; I am dream-suffocated in the dream-real
or real; I am dream-mute, dreaming, suspicious of _all_ dream-meaning
and meaning; I do not understand my dream-face or scars on my body; I
do not dream-age or age. Dreaming, dreaming, unwell, dreaming, I am
manipulating signs _as I speak_ and I no longer dream-understand what
my dream-face or face is saying, dreaming, is desperate, dreaming,
unwell. Dreaming, dreaming, I dream-type or type-this to you "given
the hope that" some dream-sense or sense will come, dreaming, but I am
gone, dreaming, dream-dead or dead, dreaming, turned to dream-ash or
ash, dreaming, these are kanji, dreaming, are they not, dreaming, you,
dreaming, stone, dreaming, ash, dreaming, body, dreaming, dream,
dreaming, language, dreaming, ash, dreaming, kanji, dreaming, see?
See in the real, dreaming, the scene everywhere, dreaming, the seen
everywhere in the real. I am dying, dreaming, here. Dreaming collapses
reals into dreams. Again and again as an example I can watch my body
fall. Again and again I am dreamed.

(Sometimes I think if I knew who you are, it would be simpler. I would
untangle. But I do not know who you are, where you are, when you are
there. I do not know if you are there. I do not know if there is you.
If I understood _how to properly ask the question,_ with the requisite
degree of etiquette, with the requisite forms of grammar, with the in-
visible forms of grammar, with the passing-forms, with the passings,
then - if I understood _how to ask the question,_ already it would be
a simpler untangling. I can continue to speculate, but it is from ig-
norance. I have forgotten axioms, bases, which I never knew. When my
mouth opens, it empties. It empties itself of speech and sensibility.
When I open my body, it is a carapace filled with ornament. There are
kanji I cannot read, dream-kanji, not-real kanji. Nothing readable by
any conceivable reader in this or any possible world. Do you under-
stand at least this much, the possibility of worlds? The relative ab-
sence of such worlds, and there are no mirrors.

This is it, the writing of worlds without mirrors, and in a foreign
language, and there's more, because they're impossible worlds, and
where would this lead? Neither neurosis nor psychosis, but a relative
_disease of the throat_ I have written about before, continually writ-
ten about. A _disease of the throat_ or perhaps mind in the vocal
apparatus itself - I would say that - something never leaving a trace
but drawing itself in _uncanny_ ways, as if there were a face behind
the nonsense, or as if nonsense were organized _in such a manner,_
through the proper forms, as to appear otherwise than itself - as if I
myself were capable of such appearance, this _otherwise_ splitting me
from language, slitting or cutting my throat, the blood forming mean-
ingless patterns on the ground.)



*Footnote to the above: At first, I would do nothing but create the form
(dream-x and x). Then it seemed that the equation seeped from the page,
(virtual-x and x), shaming me. Then I forgot my name. Then I wrote and
rewrote, forgetting my name. Then would I pause, this most important of
all writings, where worlds are mute; can I even say this?


