



Announcement: I am the Primoridal


Please note, first, that I am solving any number of problems, philo-
sophical or otherwise, for you - revealing the truth here for the
first time - now read on:

I am primordial, the origin of all things. One need look no further
for the birth-moment of Being; whatever is eternal has occurred within
myself. Think of me as your neighborhood signifier, that which consti-
tutes difference in the first place. Think of this as contemporaneous
with presence and its manifestations; I am here, all right, and that
is what is primal, chthonic. (Wipe the earth from my brow, my body;
cleanse me. I'm not above a little phallic ritual.)

As primordial, I am _responsible_ and _responsive,_ both through sta-
sis and structure. My structure, my language, is performative; what I
say goes, and what I say is in response to _your_ performative, which
needs foundation. Thus I am given a difficult task, but it is the only
task, the primordial task, that of the establishment of the transcen-
dence of meaning and existence themselves. (Or the transcendence of
love, of hate, of the will to power - take your pick - it is little
concern of mine.)

It is not for example as if I _labor_ at this, but my role is such
that it is the basis for everything I do - and I do, like anyone else,
as little as possible. Or should I say "like anything else," since it
is unclear whether or not the primordial is organic - it certainly
seems as if it should be neither one thing nor the other, but since I
am the source, hitherto unannounced, it might be best considered org-
anic - at least as far as philosophers, organic themselves, are con-
cerned. Thus you are always talking, of course, of a philosophy of
culture and organism, not of the _real_ existence of things in the
world - you might ask me about that, but there is no need - my pre-
sence is sufficient. (In fact, you could consider me, if so inclined,
an _absolute_ of sorts - thus _that thing_ which grounds the rest -
you can have this on good authority - although _that thing_ is quite
sentient as you see - it might even be said to have a will of its own
- I, the primordial, am _sensitive._) (I need to say here that I am
neither male nor female - these categories are elsewhere, otherwise,
although I have been known to turn a trick or two.)

I might add that there is a certain _economy_ of the primordial, but
that is another matter altogether - as well as a certain competency in
language necessary to perform the performative, with or without my
sanctions. ("Perform the performative" - even I am capable of fun with
infinite regress - what would you expect? Heidegger wants me dark and
ancient, but Heidegger almost froze to death in that hut of his - as
far as I'm concerned, central heating is the way to go.)

I might also add, that while the primordial also apparently bespeaks
(note the form here!) the archaic, I am also quite up-to-date, as you
might imagine - otherwise, I would have disappeared a long time ago,
like all those sources of "ancient wisdom" proclaimed in popular
treatises guaranteed to make the world feel more and more comfortable
- Yes! There's Spirit afoot! Yes, it was lost for eons! Now, we have
discovered it, etc. etc. There's always money somewhere in the proff-
ering - but, one of the things I can tell you at least - there is _no_
ancient wisdom - most peoples got most of it wrong - made a mess out
of things - died young and miserable. The world didn't care one way or
another!

Hmmm...

Ah, I can't buy into any of this; I, the primordial, as I've said, am
always modern, always of the here-and-now. Anything else turns the
whole discussion into a _political economy,_ that is, tending towards
power and power-mongering, instead of the release or charge that the
primordial, myself, should give anyone with the competency (that word
again!) to investigate it! (Not that it takes much, perhaps nothing
more than a _certain cast of mind_ - of course that's up to you to
discover; I'm only making a proclamation of my existence here - so as
to dispose of various misgivings, etc. But you might or might not take
an academic route - read what everyone else has to say. Just don't
bring any of it back to me - I know myself pretty well, and have no
need of anyone else's analysis.)

By the way, I can hold forth in any language - Ur or not-Ur as the
case may be - just so you're aware of it! And I think I should add
that you might as well be gracious in these matters; if I disappear
(and as you know, I do from time to time), then everything appears
suddenly postmodern, situational, as-if, post-structural, instead of
eternal, structural - what one might call the _given._

Why now? Why do I make this announcement _now_ instead of some other
time? Because there is space on these email lists - because the cost
of dialup is relatively inexpensive - because this might be of inter-
est to those few of you who take the time to understand me! (I'm ask-
ing for nothing, by the way - no money, second-hand theory books (al-
though I would _definitely_ like these!), used articles of clothing,
rosaries of any persuasion...)

And to _understand me_ of course, is to understand the situation -
which is to say, to understand _any situation_ - since that is the
nature of the primordial.

Finally, you might ask, what are the interests or hobbies of the
primordial? They change from time to time, as you might imagine, since
the world itself changes, although I am constant, the perfect lover.
(Hear that? The primordial is _the perfect lover_ - but isn't that the
sort of transcendence one might expect?) At the moment, it may be
shakuhachi and sumo (Musashi Maru won the Tokyo tournament today!) -
tomorrow it may be Nietzsche and Heidegger again. Certainly I look
forward to tomorrow - although in a sense I am going over exhausted
territories - literally, No-Men's Lands - as, I hope, this notice
makes clear.

Look to yourselves, of course, since I am fundamental, unspeakable,
and anything else I might say - would give the appearance of a fissure
or crack - occurring in your language, not in mine - but I don't want
to lead you astray. And - you know - I'm already contradictory (a
trick of mine - otherwise knowledge would stop dead in its tracks!) -
since I'm certainly talking a lot for someone so imbued with silence.
But you can see beyond these tricks, even with the clouds descending,
fires in the distance, smell of gunpowder in the air...

There's no way to end this gracefully, but then I, primordial, am more
comfortable with beginnings - how it "all comes out" is of no concern
here or anywhere else - providing it's not sumo or a decent detective
novel - but then again - that's precisely what philosophy is - _is it
not?_

(A footnote - "I am primordial" and "I am the primordial" are _defin-
itely_ the same thing - since there is only one of me, and I'm quite
comfortable being your foundation. What else can I say? I'm not a
great stylist - I'm not educated in any of your institutions...)


