



Nietzsche's Television


Radio Culture

Listening to the Hungarian Revolution, 1956, taking notes, tapes, typ-
ing report after report, as if I were there - that was shortwave, I
was also a novice at WN3DRP, but who would want to contact - I forget
the brand of transmitter, but hated code - later found 14562 and I
think 9145, those anomalous signals monitored by Robert Horvitz and
myself - that was something! Now tracing Armed Forces radio from Korea
occasionally reaching across to Fukuoka; I was in Pusan.

Pusan

The shakuhachi flute from Fukuoka split finally, far too soon, given
the age of the bamboo, so in Pusan I found two plastic Korean versions
of the same, but thinner, lighter, with different scales - now what do
I do without the heaviness of the bamboo that refuses resonance, but
turns the notes into velvet based on the interior of the instrument?

Radio Culture

The radio has always been closest to me of any media; talking or play-
ing _out_ on it, I'm aware of bleak black distance, the spray of radi-
ation into the air, the thinned nodes capable of reception by instru-
ments no larger than a finger-nail; in Pusan I listened on and off to
one such; on the ferry back, I watched satellite broadcast probably
from NHK - the Tokyo sumo match is on - and listened on the AM - in
and out of lipsync in a familiar language, I don't know a word of this
- would rather listen than tend towards the silence.

Heidegger

Heidegger's silence - what radio talks here? Walter Benjamin? Heideg-
ger's use of Greece in metaphysics - across the books - then Niet-
zsche, say, in Goetzen-Daemmerung - jumping all over their backs. I'm
amazed to this day at the movie Heidegger watches, over and over again
- those brilliant slow-moving prophetic chthonic pre-Socratics - who
could ever believe this nonsense - way before radio? Against Nietzsche
- who was on television as much as possible in 1888...

Radio Culture

It's the signals without texts that fascinate me, or the signals that
exist as if they were on the margins of texts - those anomalies which
can't be traced, understood - those sounds close to static, embedding
one or another (apparent) code - as if there were meaning necessarily
to be pulled out of every transmission. As if there were signals to
the effect that _meaning exists,_ beyond what one might interpret,
say, as human or merely human. So that these would be literally cir-
cumscribed; the center wouldn't hold - or rather it was the circum-
scription that created the center - centered it - in the midst of
noise - as if there were life-forms _out there,_ "as if there were
signals to the effect that _meaning_ exists" ...

Holderlin

Beautiful Holderlin, I think, remembering the Greeks vaguely, think-
ing of the cragged edges of the texts, pared down, preparing the way
for Heidegger. Who cares about "Europe," this swollen over-determined
signifier, toppling continents, ravaging the planet - it becomes the
same old story, just as the signifier itself is perceived as _primor-
dial._ One might as well just change the channel to inappropriate
times.

Radio Culture

There are times that are senseless; the radio says "Good Morning," and
I'm greeted - the same with "Good Afternoon," "Good Evening." But
"Good Night"? It signals time to leave; indeed, after around nine in
the evening, there is no way to greet someone, without a simple hello
- the "good night" referencing incipient departure. Of course one can
also use "good afternoon" or any of the others as an _abrupt,_ busin-
ess-like form of departure - "Good afternoon, sir," the shopkeeper
said, clearly indicating I was to leave the premises immediately.

Tokyo

Tokyo is where the West leaves itself, faces an Orientalism that Said
probably never dreamed of. Tokyo is where everything crash-lands,
where the sign is paramount, skimming the ruins below, according to
the texts, the texts. Seoul is out of the running, although I'd bet
between T and S, the future is with the latter - just like Pusan -
where collapse is imminent but the radio plays and plays. There are
dangers everywhere in the world surrounding Korea, where the banks
have just collapsed and the currency is _concretely_ worth less and
less as I write these words. I can imagine a land of unoccupied
stations, interminglings of viruses from both sides of the border...

Radio Culture

I can imagine a world of transmissions, spews, across territories that
never confronted the human. Shute's On the Beach was prescient in this
matter, Australia the last resort, the moment of human collapse - but
there need not be even _this_ landscape or coding - there need not be
_anything at all._ Think of the _last message_ from Nietzsche's rare
television broadcasts (we only have the tapes) - translated of course
by Hollingdale (he wasn't there, responsible for the errors): "And
again with that I again return to the place from which I set out - the
_Birth of Tragedy_ was my first revaluation of all values: with that I
again plant myself in the soil out of which I draw all that I will and
_can_ - I, the last disciple of the philosopher Dionysus - I, the
teacher of the eternal recurrence..."

Nikuko

Nikuko wanders through Tokyo Crash-Land, like Medea - you might think
of her as Medea - and I'd say Nikuko dead-girl, but I'd think - yes,
a disappearance - just like the women in Melies' films - you place a
sheet over the reclining figure - lift it - she's gone - or her legs
are maybe, or arms or head - or she's cut in two - brought back in the
long run (Nietzsche would have liked this manipulation) - but then
there's the smell of it - the sheets over Nikuko - the thick odor -
she's caught in animal hair, skin, membrane - something between a wet
silk fabric and animal glue - you might imagine these as _winding-
sheets_ or _ectoplasm_ - you might imagine anything at all.

Radio Culture

Radio culture is your imagination; it's true that projection occurs
here, as in email for example - that the body is always an investment
one makes across the dial, through the endless sound, the endless
transmission, endless breath, endless pronouncement of presence, end-
less sound on the perfect shakuhachi, plastic, impermeable to the
vagaries of the weather - lasting forever - the sound a bit shriller -
there are no _cells_ to absorb or counteract any of the frequencies.

Plastic

Plastic is always already invisible - that is the nature of plastic,
and I alone have returned, my lungs in a fairly poor state, to tell 
thee. Let us not forget that Heidegger, after Nietzsche, was _blind_ 
- he never received N's television transmissions - he only heard the
voice, and the stooped shadow of a man remained elsewhere. It was
Heidegger always waiting for the voice that would grant him absolu- 
tion - _allow him to exist_ - it was Heidegger who invented the AM 
radio.

Radio Culture

Please call in and leave your requests; we'll try to fill them. Please
note we're short of traditional musics, shakuhachi and otherwise -
please note we'll be going off the air. "Revaluation of all values!"



