


What I have to pass on to you


There have been numerous times when the Net appears increasingly dis-
tanced, receding in the manner of a shoreline which loses detail as
the sun sets or skies cloud. This is most frequent in the text-driven
domains, what I've called the darknet, and the result I've called
defuge, among other things - the slight feeling of exhaustion and dis-
taste one feels, upon, for example, attempting to read the same novel
over and over again.

A sense of waste, production gone soft and awry, collapse of the world
into soft-machine, babble, murmur and uneasy sleep.

Now I have had this sensation repeatedly, as the laptop sits like a
grey plate on a grey table, emptied of sensation, the words dribbling
across the mold - everything loosens, disinvests, while voices thin to
a tired keening. The corpse is mine, just as "the concept is mine,"
and I hover, feverish, with the concept pressed against me - thinking
the Net reduces _everything_ to communication, even thinking takes on
a tendency towards the symbolic.

It remains there like an unfinished dinner which insists the animal
walked, plant swayed in the breeze. I use the fork on the symbolic.

There are thin cuts all over my body as I tried to write myself, tried
to let the blood flow. Things grew more and more wearisome; like a
freshman essay on suicide, I yawned. If the plate shattered in the
still air, I didn't hear it. If the reader came calling, I didn't hear
the footsteps, doorbell, telephone, announcement of _new_ mail on the
plate, always fresher, full of excitement.

I think the truth of the elderly is the release from meaning. That is
conventional wisdom. There is nothing to be gained. Everyone's life-
span overlaps everyone else's. Surprisingly, if anything is, no one is
jealous of others' intervals. I want it all, want you and want me
being me: clumsy, horrid, insufferable, at the same time. Like a tumor
I'd inhabit you; I don't have the strength to inhabit myself, not
without sleep after sleep.

I now know that everything is a matter of interpretation - and not
that everything is subject to interpretation. This is what I have been
taught by this and other plates. If I could pass one thing on to you,
it would be this, this concern. I will repeat it: "Everything is a
matter of interpretation" and it is not the case that "everything is
subject to interpretation." Interpret this as you will. Look it up and
down, try it on. Think of _matter,_ of the _subject,_ of _everything._
In my lifetime,I have tried to think of everything, and I have entered
a state of withdrawal. For everything interpenetrates, interconnects.
It's a soup out there, in here, everywhere. Everything is chained to
everything else, and levels like the "domain" of signifiers are as
impure as the rest.

We clear ourselves out and the domains out and pretend we've made for
example technology or a gallery. We've made intervals for ourselves,
dates for exhibitions, lifespans for operating systems. In two dozen
years, just that, they'll be collectors items, inoperable, memories of
driven men and women half-way to sleep and sleep. None of us can do
without it; none of us can do.

