


Three-Sake Theory


At the yatai (small portable restaurant), they asked me where I was
from, America I said. They asked me my name; I signed it, Alan Sond-
heim, January 29, 1998, on the door. Then New York City. The woman
proprietor gives me a sumo referee's fan from the recent Kyushu tourn-
ament. She gives me a handprint of Konishiki, one of the major wrest-
lers, and I note it's about one and a half times the size of my own.
My hands are big; they straddle the shakuhachi. The shakuhachi is
working again, bandaged with cotton cloth and thread. It's quite old.
She take back the handprint, which I would have liked, but then it's
unique. Everyone talks to me in Japanese. I'm introduced to the Jap-
anese headband; the proprietor gives me one with the year of the Tiger
on it. I drink a glass of sake and then another and then another. The
man to the far right pays for them, I think. I have illegal sashimi;
it's not supposed to be offered in yatai. Shellfish and aji, horse
mackerel. I am beginning to forget the shakuhachi. I can play the low-
er register. I love the tube with its five holes, shaved mouthpiece
which, at an angle, permits a range of microtones for each hand posi-
tion. I want to play it fast, fast, fast - play it western style, like
Bird, say, on a simple instrument. The cracks might be healing, clos-
ing with the pressure of the threading.

I love the openness of the tube; there's no keys, no guides for the
airstream - it's not a whistle - just open to the air everywhere. I
think of a human bone broken off, maybe holes drilled in, maybe not -
remember the shakuhachi described as the only instrument whose devel-
opment was based on self-defense - it was also a club, a weapon, for
those ronin, displaced masterless samurai, who roamed Japan. Kabuki
actors might have them strapped behind, ready for culture or warfare,
as if there were a difference.

I walk out with the headband on my head. I feel fierce and totally
helpless; there's no end in sight, and L. has to translate hither and
yon. My Japanese name, Myouka or Myoka, strange house, foreign house,
tends towards a translation of Sondheim, but with other, more reson-
ant, overtones; I talk about this with the salaryman next to me. He
says home, not house, and we agree: "friendly," "comfortable," and the
proprietor talks about the mother of the home, yatai-mothering per-
haps. I feel at ease. I don't understand a thing; I note that with
three glasses of sake, I'm not the slightest bit "drunk" in the sense
of mentally incapacitated or unrepressed - but I'm a bit nauseous. We
call it a night and leave, having paid a ridiculously small bill. I
have my headband and magic referee's wand. I couldn't understand what
was being said as we left the yatai, nor afterwards, nor before.

Afterwards: It's all afterwards, this return to the illiterate. I
stress this over and over again in these texts, because it's a condi-
tion that goes against the grain of a writer, this quality of _maze
navigation,_ lean as it is, as I enter and circulate among the un-
known. I think of someone like Lingis, and have no idea how he does
it, what he thinks he's doing, what signs he's reading - or Trinh
Minh-Ha for that matter - because here the gap isn't absolute, but the
slightest bit of sensitivity reveals the unbridgable chasms. What
does one do elsewhere; what constitutes elsewhere; where is the other
out of one; where is the other within? And for that matter - what's
the economy within and without all of this? Where does Lingis get his
money? Trinh Minh-Ha? What grants access to lines of flight, within
and without - what grants access to interiors and exteriors?

And for that matter, again, what - in fact - constitutes interiors?
constitutes exteriors? How are these defined within and without cul-
tures? What gives anyone the right to say anything?

I play the shakuhachi. I use glissendos, slighted notes, half-tones,
my hearing desperately trying to keep up with the fingering. I wander
across the holes; they're unknown territory. Listening to min'yo, I
can play along with the smaller Korean instruments - the rhythms are
odd but simple, the scales repetitive and backing the vocal. I can
improvise. But on the heavier Japanese instrument, I have the ability
to play only an octave and a half; the tonguing falls way behind the
rhythms. What would a Japanese make of this miscarriage? I have no
idea - not even what she would hear, in regard to the trailing sequen-
ces of notes I attempt to pour forth. This or that. The bamboo loses
some of the highs in the interior, which absorbs; the instrument act-
ually feels slightly warm after a while. Saliva drips from the bottom.
The sound is like velvet, like a bass flute in the two lower octaves.
Should I wear my headband with western clothes - a signifier I think
of manual labor? Should I make a point of this _mental labor,_ which
is also exhausting, wearing - which also is a form of walking the
beam, tempting fate? Do you think this is easy? Do you think _think-
ing_ isn't living? In some ways, thinking is the hardest thing I do -
there is nothing but the edge, following the notes I've set for my-
self, tempting language, concept, theory.

Now this is the three-sake theory. Now there will be two-sake, one-
sake, coffee or green-tea theory. But this is three-sake theory, and
it is just that, and fine as it is.

