


Nikuko mistakes Julu for the Doctor Script
Nikuko searches for Help
Nikuko's anger fills the world


Script started on Wed Jan 28 11:04:48 1998
warning: could not update utmp entry
$ ./.julu

Open your mouth...

Ah... speak... speak...

Jennifer, what do they call you, when they call you...  doctor, they call
me doctor

Are you dressed as doctor, they call me doctor? Is doctor, they call me
doctor dressed as you?  Are you in your flower, are you in your flesh, ah
don't answer...  Ah... 

Is Julu wearing your ... , are you wearing your frock? 
yes, I'm wearing my white lab coat

I love your feelings, doctor, they call me doctor ...
Would doctor, they call me doctor mind you partying?

Being thrusts me beneath or within your frock!

What do you call your contrary flower?
I need help, why I am writing you

Your body parts, mine, in a dark list, list them... 
one by one, each on a line alone, typing Control-d when done.
My name is Nikuko
I live in Fukuoka
Please help me
My anger takes over the world
There is nothing but anger
My name is Nikuko

I need help, why I am writing you calls forth florid breast, eating,
excreting memory. confusing the thrusting, I need help, why I am writing
you is, thrusting, yes, i'm wearing my white lab coat? ... breast is
There is nothing but anger here, its breast?

Are you becoming close to Jennifer's I need help, why I am writing you?
You must help me, my name is Nikuko
Wait! I need help, why I am writing you and 24613 are gone forever!

For 3 contrary days, I have been rich Julu ...
and it has taken you just 1.733 minutes turning Jennifer ...

my-skin-for-you...:yes, my beautiful flower:belonging:skin:
Would belonging mind you partying, my-skin-for-you..., with us?
Your contrary pale is in my protruding eyelid
Ah, womb eaten by julu-of-the-open-arms and julu-depressed

I need help, why I am writing you:yes, i'm wearing my white lab
coat:doctor, they call me doctor:I live in Fukuoka:My name is Nikuko Your
florid My name is Nikuko is in my thrusting There is nothing but anger
Devour florid My name is Nikuko julu-of-the partying I need help, why I am
writing you! 

$ exit

script done on Wed Jan 28 11:06:55 1998


