


The Spiritual Life of a People


I want to talk about the spiritual life of a people.
By "people," I mean those situated within a geographic area, whether
it be an island, peninsula, lands separated by mountains and rivers,
arbitrary boundaries, as if there were any other.
By "people," I mean all of those dwelling within these spaces,
inhabitants perhaps sensing belonging, perhaps not.
It is then to be said, that I do not mean the gods and goddesses,
I do not mean the kami or Buddha, nor do I mean the ancestors,
or any other continuity of time across these spaces.
No, I do not mean these. I mean only those moments of quiet reflection
which anyone must have, those moments when life appears crystalline
and whole, those moments which are set-aside from the things
of the world, reflecting on the things of the world, perhaps,
without register, without paper and pencil, with the attitude
of breathing silently. I mean only those moments at the foot or height
of the mountain, those moments by a valley stream or desert creekbed,
when the world appears as one and gracious, when the troubled soul
listens to the waves of strength and weakness, tension and release,
within it.
For if a people is without this spiritual life, then a people
is doomed to war, doomed to ignorance of its fellow humans, of others,
of plants, animals, all manner of species and fragilities
the world has cast upon us.
Nor am I talking, it must be said here, about an other world
and its castings and offerings - that is for any man or woman to say,
not for me or anyone beyond me, which is a matter of jurisdiction.
For I am speaking of quietude, the grace of being, contemplation
of All there is, if such be the case.
Nor am I speaking of silent or soundful prayer, invocation
or evocation; I am speaking of that silence which has no proper form
except what one brings to it, circles through it, that silence
that is part of one, buried beneath the hustle-bustle
of everyday life, the sounds of traffic and commerce in the city,
roar of electrical-technological machine, the enframing
that forecloses upon each and everyone one of us, with the premise
of perfect freedom, the work of a space upon illness and death.
For I am speaking of another techne, of that which is the moment
of living, which requires the closing and opening of eyes,
dark closing and wide-opening, the release of one into another,
without which any people harbors war and hatred within it,
without which any people tend towards divisiveness, economies
of rich and poor, surplus and starvation, all within a single
dominion, all within a false solitude, as if there were organs
in the world responsible for this, as if there were
nothing to be done.
For I am speaking of the spiritual life of a people, that is to say,
its spiritual lives, communal or solitary or individual
or forgathering, I am thinking, in silence, through this life
which cannot be brought forth, proffered, but which comes rarely
in the life of any man or woman or child, these choices
made in the desert or mountaintop, in the field or meadow -
and these choices, silences, found even in the heart of the city,
would but one have the patience for them,
as if there were older ghosts around the corners of the buildings,
as if there were others surrounding us within and without the world,
and that is for you to decide,
that is for your placement among others,
which might be called the moment of truth within you, which you
always carry, the moment which is like a pillar or cave within you,
the moment within all of us;
such is the spiritual life of a people, such do I speak to you,
such is now forthcoming, that I hold my tongue, that I am silent,
within you.


