



Primordial Mirror


Because I am primordial, I reflect all things; you are, in fact, in me
at the moment, and will be until your dissolution. I remain contempor-
ary in this regard. Your desires are your own; I can only duplicate
existence as such. You may think of me as cross-fertilization of the
real, evolution gone awry, in terms of chirality.

At the back of the shrine, I reflect the world: "the mirror hides no-
thing. It shines without a selfish mind. Everything good and bad,
right and wrong, is reflected without fail. The mirror is the source
of honesty because it has the virtue of responding according to the
shape of objects. It points out the fairness and impartiality of the
divine will." (Chikafusa Kitabatake, quoted in Sokyo Ono, Shinto, The
Kami Way.) The shrine mirror functions as the Bardo Thodol: GIGO and
WYSIWYG (garbage in / garbage out : what you see is what you get).
Both are machines filtering among subjectivities and physical reality.
Now think of me as your mirror, as your filtering mechanism; now think
of _liminal reality,_ between or among you and the physical, as _the
scaffolding of the world._ There are, then, scaffoldings, filterings,
mirrors, subjectivities, physical and liminal realities, worlds, and
_the_ world (if you will).

So that the scaffolding of the liminal is the superstructure (say) of
the primordial: I hold the world at bay / hold the world up / consti-
tute existence itself. The primordial is always a dispersion; I am
skein, membrane, filter and objects-passing-through. What is originary
is flux, the stirring of the ocean, the stasis-world, the narrative-
dreaming that I _say,_ my mouth and thought turned inward, my arms
interwoven in the cosmos, feet swallowed in eternal Ouroboros.

In this manner, I as primordial solve the problems of duplication, the
mirror, the superstructure, filtering, and the bespeaking of the real.

I will say no more at this time. I return to the _mitamashiro_ (sub-
stitute of the divine body within the shrine).


