
  


Display


Some quotes from Henri Michaux, A Barbarian in Asia:

   Japanese bamboos: sad, worn-out things, gray and with no chloro-
phyl; Ceylon would not have them as reeds.
   Anything that is not mediocre finds no friends here. The cedar must
hide behind the sickly cherry tree, the sickly cherry tree behind the
plum tree in a pot, the plum tree in a pot behind the thimble-like
pine.
[...]
   Gray houses, with empty, icy rooms, constructed and measured accor-
ding to a fixed, uncompromising rule.
   Streets like a seaside resort with garlands of little flowers or of
little colored lamps. A useless, impermanent look about it. The white,
beachlike side of existence.
   Identical, expressionless cities resounding with motor-horns. Shriek-
ing like the devil.
   A country which, though full to bursting, look as as if it had noth-
ing in it; where neither men nor plants nor houses seem to have any
foundation or scope.
   An insular mentality, uncommunicative and proud.
   A thin and insignificant language, skin-deep, agreeable and pleas-
ant.
   A religion of insects, exactly the religion of ants, Shintoism
(with that famous cult of the ant-hill), an ant people.
   A country where everything is known, everything open, everything
spied upon, where no door can be closed, where one finds a spy even in
one's bath, quite naked, but a spy all the same (they keep you company
everywhere [...].
   A people that is the prisoner of its island, of its masks, of its
conventions, of its police, of its discipline, of its wrappings and of
the cords that bind it.
[...]
   A people, in fact, devoid of wisdom, of simplicity and of depth,
over-serious, though fond of toys and novelties, not easily amused,
ambitious, superficial and obviously doomed to our evils and to our
civilization.
[...]
   While many countries that one has liked become, as the distance
from them increases, almost ridiculous or insubstantial, Japan, which I
distinctly detested, grows almost dear to me.

[From Michaux, ibid., English translation by Sylvia Beach, New Direc-
tions, NY, 1949, from the original 1933 Gallimard edition.]

I read this extremely rare book of Michaux, traveling from New York to
Fukuoka, by way of San Francisco, Portland, and Nagoya. Michaux ranges
throughout India, Korea, and so forth; Japan receives intermittent at-
tention. The book totalizes with the rush of empathy someone might
feel from a carriage or slow-moving bus; there are incidents at rail
stations, strangely misinterpreted theatrical experiences, dance and
architecture. (The book contributes to misrecognitions, meanderings:
_here are the ant-people, there go I._)

The Apollonian comes through; Korean flutes may be covered with tas-
sels, colors tending towards the primary. The Japanese attitude to-
wards antiques is that they must be sanctioned; otherwise, they're
ready for the garbage or second-hand shop. In Fukuoka, the antique
shops are filled with European items. In Pusan, there are shops sell-
ing rocks, for meditation or decoration, on small hand-carved plinths.
In Pusan, men looked at me as if I were in New York, eye-contacting,
a sense of anomie and danger. In Fukuoka, I am looked at after the
fact, from the periphery. In Pusan, laughed out loud at, on the street
- in Fukuoka, again, a posteriori, as if it never happened - except
for the children. Chinese color expanded in Korea, always subsidiary,
then collapsed again (Sesshu for example) back in Japan. Colonies and
centers, expansions and contractions, kanji floating - in the hotel
where I teach English, Chinese guests can write their requests in kan-
ji, picked up by the Japanese staff, read in more-or-less Japanese. I
cannot imagine this translation, grounded in the ideogrammatic.

Michaux's "Asian experience," my "Asian experience," experience of
signs always already a foregone translucency. It is easy to mistake
the shadows. Here, we are extra-terrestrials, subject to deep mis-
readings, to misrecognitions. Outside of this land, there is water
everywhere. There are several tumuli scattered across Kyushu. I am
fascinated by this - the mute prehistory, some of it apparently un-
excavated, against which the antiquity of the country might be meas-
ured. These are the beyond of the written, past the horizon of Chin-
ese entrance - and I'm comfortable with them - it's not so far to the
south-east prehistoric culture complex in the United States for exam-
ple. (But then I'm aware of the _inauthentic_ here - I'm making this
comfort up as I go along, this _depth_ - it may or may not be rele-
vant - I should ask someone - there's no one around - I'm making this
up as well.)

I should ask someone about this? I'm not sure of my bearings; what
does it take to _ascertain_ the Michauxan culture-complex, the aphor-
istic applied across the board to peoples, histories, cultures? I am
afraid of myself in Fukuoka, fearful of _judgement_ or theory or those
statements produced in the grand style as a result of the machinery of
tourism. I am a tourist of the home, the block, the ward, the city,
the prefecture. I spit lies, deceptions, in the guise of "local inter-
est" - just so I would gather power, become an authority - but on
what? (For whom? To what degree? With what degrees? What subterfuges,
counterfeitures?) On the state of being myself in this country at this
time, under these circumstances, or the state of one at war with the
_illiterate worlds,_ demons, of one's possession.


