


Homesickness (for Andrew Libby)


(A theme which proves impossible. See the _Device._)

First, there is an _economy of the lifeworld, the habitus_ - within which
functioning appears transparent. This is clear enough. This economy is
reflective / reflexive, returning a recognizable image of the inhabitant.
Thus there are circulations of power which appear, if at all, autonomic.
So that the body exists within a matrix which I might label maternal. One
doesn't separate from, but intensifies, the habitus (in this sense). So
that the name, proper name, is preserved.  So that I never die among my
friends. 

Second, home: Every reading is a writing; every writing is a reading. 
Neither state nor process, neither compression nor expansion. So that
intermittency is absorbed, interruption. For example, I miss a bus, catch
another. So that the rest of the day is compressed, but this is not the
compression of reading or writing, but of rearrangement of familiar
elements. This is home, these rearrangements, circumambulations, circum-
locutions. Because the language is familiar, transparent. Because the
language too is at home, a dwelling.

But there is the other element, that I might label maternal - the richness
of the home environment, the bandwidth of scents, sounds, sights, touches,
etc. - the auratic bandwidth, in other words. Here in Fukuoka, I am aware
of diminished capacity - the bandwidth is broken - different smells
accompanying different sounds, for example. So that there is the struggle
to learn. Which I might call the originary appearance of the world. Or
what might be called the wonder, through Ellroy or Merleau-Ponty. 

But the wonder pales; defuge, exhaustion, sets in. Conscious or precon-
scious interpretation is constant. Small signs veer elsewhere: an image,
say, in a movie, reminds me of Brooklyn and my mind wanders.  That image
is ungrounded _here_ for me, or images that are grounded here are tenuous,
with shallow roots. So that the _other_ is there, beyond or within beck
and call, deeper.

I find myself imagining paths through the Brooklyn sememe - this leading
to that (remembering) - that leading somewhere else. It is the ambiance
of power, perhaps, as well as submission to familiality. If postmodernism
can be considered related to the null set defined as the set of all things
not equal to themselves, then the appearance of the stranger in the city
(Simmel) is postmodern; and if modernism can be considered related to the
universal set defined as the set of all things equal to themselves, then
the home and its economy are modern. 

It may be impossible to theorize the existence of apparent permanent
separation and helplessness that thereby ensues; this, including the
partial news-from-home, constitutes an obsessive neurosis or circulation
attempting the fetishization of the immediate _thing_ or talisman, recup-
erating the unfamiliar. I do know that the tiniest things will set me off,
since I am unaware of what might be dredged from the unconscious - and
obvious, surface things, hardly affect me. My uneasy dreams are not of
Brooklyn, but of illegibility. I'm aware that this is the illegibility of
everyone, that it is a gift to be mute in a sense, so that the limits of
the world far exceed the limits of my language. In ways that can be
demonstrated, gestured, if not proven. In ways that bypass proof. 

Nor is it yearning or nostalgia, but it is related to these. And what is
yearned for, as an example, is the comfort of silence, the lack of ex-
planation, the quietude of familiality, the space where everything is
cared for. (Here, apply the theory of _suture._)

I go over and over the same grounds. I avoid homesickness, which is de-
bilitating, slows the body up, makes it live longer. I work out the art-
iculation of the Device from time to time, over and over again, making it
my own. I don't recognize myself in the Device, but it is this act of
writing, this institution, that I inhabit. I don't recognize anything any
more. As I have already stated. In the comfort of my home. 

(How does anyone know about the Device?)


