



Inks and Colorations


"any special decorations, such as the long streamers in the five aus-
picious colors (white, yellow, red, blue, purple), 'symbolic of clouds
of good omen,' or trays of plants and flowers prepared by a flower
arrangement society, are put in place." (Ono, Shinto, The Kami Way.)
The larger shrine attached to the temple next door has just added its
banner, stretched across the entrance - incense and candles create a
flux behind it; the 'hundred stones' (two small pillars used for
ritual pacing) are before it.

I paint my shinto mirror-base black, then cobalt blue lightened by
absorption in the wood, then orange wings with black tips, holding
the metal disk. Staining, seeping in, marking: dyes appear illuminated
through wood-grain celluloid slightly diffracting into sheen. Poor
painting, poor carving as well.

Hanko, small signature seals (inkan) carved at the end of a piece of
wood, may be bought ready-made (for popular names) or hand-carved (for
others, such as "Myouka," my own in rough translation from German to
Japanese). Ready-made ones can be used "on documents of limited im-
portance," but in any case, hanko may possess legal ramifications, and
can be used for everything from stamping documents to (literally)
sealing envelopes, indicating page order (half the stamp on one, half
on the other), and so forth. A deep red ink is used in this practice,
which in Mesopotamia goes back to prehistoric times. I buy a second
hanko, "manaka," interval or space / middle (literal), "in the middle
of" - I think of _manaka_ stamped everywhere across a page _except_ in
the middle, that _ma_ important in Japanese aesthetics (look at Ses-
shu's long scroll). I think of stamping my forehead in the middle. I
think of stamping the mirror in the middle, filling the space, block-
ing _that_ view which defines things orthogonal to its plane. I place
my signs everywhere: staining, seeping in, marking - inks illuminated
from beneath, enhanced by the fibers of the wood.

In Pusan, Korea, the hanko shops have _big_ hanko, up to several in-
ches across, in the windows (the usual size is around a centimeter),
in the various kanji scripts - as well as purely pictographic ones.
And in Pusan, Korea, there is a calligraphy / sumi-e shop, with one
brush five feet high, with a handle diameter of several inches, and a
brush diameter of a foot and a half. Perfect for body-inking, perfect
for dance / buto across an acre canvas, demarcating the violence and
sexuality of staining, seeping in, marking. I imagine my body, inked
with _manaka,_ slam-danced everywhere against the canvas - except the
emptied middle; it's here maybe that the red blood spills, or here
that the square-dancing will begin. Or I imagine dragging the brush,
or being dragged, my hair streaming red against the canvas. Or I imag-
ine the brush, the brush, the brush.

It is celestial or chthonic ochre against the grain, the hand, the
foot, the breast, the penis. It is the ochred face in several auspic-
ious colors, emptied, _ma_ where the mouth is, speaking emptiness,
murmuring with the primordial tones of the memory of language. It is
the hand blown against the cave, the penis outlined on the screen, the
Mayan tongue pouring forth clouds across stones, paper, wood. "It is
the weird oo-ing sound, which is said to clear the way for the kami."
(Ono.) Above all, it is _applied and deliberate pressure_ of one thing
against another, this _object_ insistent on the text - pressed into
substrate.

I think of myself sealed by you, carrying your name across my body, my
lips threaded together, eyes held closed by black-cloth-strip. I am
your sign, no longer my own; I serve as pure enunciation, proclamation.
My perfect life is to have been written across the earth and cyber-
space in inks and colorations; _here,_ I no longer seep, but submit to
the digital domain, virtual subjectivities, of infinite dispersion and
transformation. My body moves forever across the canvas, writing and
rewriting; I am alive, present, as long as _change_ is evident - not
just any change, but change _apparently from a source named _Myouka._*

