



Meaning, Again


So you're saying you're saying there is there is no transcendent mean-
ing, said Julu, said Julu. Right, said Jennifer, said Jennifer, there
is there is only meaning relative to particular domains or discursive
formations. Thus one might one might ask ask the meaning of "cuivre"
in English, or even the meaning of the fact that there are there are
five Platonic solids in three dimensions, but an infinite number in
two. In the former case, one is asking is asking for a translation,
and in the latter, for a morphism that relates morphism that relates
the number of solids to the dimensional number. In both situations,
meaning is meaning is to be sought in articulating structures, either
between regimes (discursive formations) or within one.

And beyond that, said Jennifer, said Jennifer, there is there is
nothing to be considered considered; there is there is only the re-
dundancy of empty space, the isomorphic qualities of existence itself.
Julu replied Julu replied that Jennifer was Jennifer was very intelli-
gent, and there was much to be learned be learned in these articulat-
ing structures, which could only remind which could only remind her of
the Bourbaki mother structures and maybe some odds and ends from cate-
gory theory - and for that matter, one might further ask further ask
whether meaning was was possessed by a community of individuals, or
might possibly might possibly instead reside in a platonism (at least
on occasion) based on said articulating structures. In which case
meaning would be be considered considered a flux of such structures.
There was there was much more to be said said on the matter, for that
matter or any matter hardly harbored matter hardly harbored meaning by
virtue of nothing more than inert existence, if there were there were
such a thing, mused Jennifer, mused Jennifer.

Meaning is always a distribution, they said. (What is a concept. Does
meaning link concepts. Do concepts exist outside of consciousness. Are
all concepts correct, or does truth/falsity play no role in their cre-
ation or consideration. Does one possess concepts. Can a machine have
concepts. Do concepts exist in relation to discursive formations. Do
they exist outside of such formations. Can they exist outside of lang-
uage itself. Are concepts constructors of meaning. Are they the quala
of meaning. Is meaning always meaning-among. Are concepts always among
other concepts. What is the role of difference here. What is the role
of differentiation. Do concepts exist on a _certain plane._ No, they
do not; neither does meaning.)

What glues the world together? It's the energy to make meaning. It's
the investment in meaning. Meaning is the investment among articulated
domains. Yes, meaning has a decidedly linguistic turn. The world is
there, not glued together, but it is meaning that worlds the world for
or within consciousness; it is the glue of consciousness. Is there
more than the glue? Yes, there are whole unfounded domains, invisibil-
ities, ghosts, uncanny phenomena, ectoplasms. And these relate or
don't relate? Yes, yes, and yes...


