


My Mythology, by Nikuko


The earth was formed from a swelling that began out of a primordial
germ and split, separating dust from effluvia, debris from stony
veins. From this, the kami emerged. Soon veins formed head-bands,
emptied of swollen lungs and brains. Some kami committed seppuku,
removing their tongues by means of pinchers forged from stony veins.
Thus were formed brains with their many channels of mizu. Ah, lovely
mizu! Transparent mizu! Tasteless mizu! Channels of mizu run down tiny
brain-cunts in skulls formed from stony veins. Thus were formed "chan-
nels." Inkan stamp the elbows of kami-heads; the stamps cry "Oh Holy
Mother Let Us Have Necks And Shoulders." Thus did necks and shoulders
form. Some kami have arms on shoulders on necks on heads. They are
meat-girls, Nikukos swelling into split germs and stony veins. They
are angry girls! They are Buffalo Daughter, whose New Rock release is
on Toshiba-EMI Limited, a blend of techno and industrial voice-over
somewhat reminiscent of Big Stick, first heard at Rhino Records in Los
Angeles (as usual, their lead singer died). Buffalo Daughter appears
courtesy of Chameleon Records in Fukuoka, punk-animals everywhere or
rather can you dance as the voice goes _way behind_ the back-beat.
Meanwhile, in the Nihongi, Izanagi no Mikoto and Izanami no Mikoto say
"Why should we not produce someone who shall be lord of the universe?"
- an off-handed remark leading to much future woe. One can only imag-
ine. "Universe" is given as "tenka" in a footnote, now meaning "the
whole country; the public; the reins of government." Either a bring-
down (EFL students wa take-note of the idiom) or hubris, from The New
Crown Japanese-English Dictionary. What happens in the tenka? I don't
know, but return to Nikuko's story, for her promising anger which
spread like a virus from Nikukos-coalescing with trunks and legs,
breasts and wombs, fierce warriors who have heard of Greece and Mon-
ique Wittig. They come across a hermit in a cave, another kami in
disguise, since there are Nikukos-One and kami, and that's all. They
show him their cunts, ask for sake; they drink much, push the stick
through his cloth, and that is all there is to it. Shite, lead char-
acter in a Noh play, he begins to sing, Wa! (Harmony!) Waa! (Hurray!)
He's _it,_ goaded by the _waki,_ Nikuko-who-does-not-wear-a-mask. Wa!
Waa! Yugen, mystery-depth-profound-subtle-aesthetic, emerges among the
kami, a beat magazine in New York 1950s, edited by Leroi Jones, if
memory serves me. "It runs fine when I'm here," sing Buffalo Daughter,
thinking of Nikuko. Shite-hermit sings and sings, stick poking
through. Thus was born "song," "Noh," and "penis." In revenge, Shite-
hermit says, "Nikuko, you cannot be in Noh." No-Noh-Nikuko. She sews
him back up in the cave. (Was he sewn at first? Whose cave? Was that
Nikuko's? Nikuko's cave - thus was born possession. Buffalo Daughter
change to swing-beat. The synthesizers wind down. Anyway, they make
the Sun-Goddess, called Oho-hiru-me no muchi, although Ama-terasu no
Oho kami and Ama-terasu-oho-hiru-me no Mikoto are cited as well. Ni-
kuko takes pity; the earth is kami, too. So are Buffalo Daughter, who
are auspicious; the hermit, who receives the penis; the waki, helping
everyone. Now everyone has all limbs and bodies but the penises and
wombs are equally divided. When a war comes, Nikuko-who-does-not-wear-
a-mask, and is a dark-haired girl living near Nakasu, gets angry, and
says, there is no kami for any of us, and there are many less penises
perhaps at first, and then less wombs. When the earth swells, there is
an earthquake and caves are swallowed in the earth. Sesshu's Long
Landscape Scroll portrays this incident of Nikuko and hermit, and, as
if in despair and irony, there is earthquake also, destroying the
earth shrine at Hakata, until its memory faded from the affairs of men
and women. (Some men and women are born without arms or legs; some
without brains; some without breasts or wombs; some without penises;
some without heads; some without skulls or necks; and some without
shoulders.)

