


Notes on material culture


Fukuoka Castle ruins - from around 1601. Although with interior, middle,
exterior, perceptually, the structure doesn't hold. I walk from level to
level, across sloped land, up wide stone stairs with small risers, al-
most worn away, dangerous. A rainy day, and the greys, blacks, and
greens, are utterly intense. The overall impression is neolithic; very
little remains of the superstructure, and the masonry is intensely
fit, perfect. I still do not understand "visual Japan," which I place
within the bleakness of interpreting kanji for someone who has not
studied the language - I look for visual meaning, since nothing else
exists for me. The utterly obdurate nature of the stone, however, con-
tradicts its appearance; I myself am hardened against it.

I have started the shakuhachi, having found an ancient instrument in a
second hand store near the Castle. It is a bamboo flute; the bamboo
isn't particularly wide, but is quite thick; there are lacquer bands
where it comes apart in the middle. It is end-blown, and difficult. And
it is entirely organic - nothing metallic, exact, about it, with only
five holes. I write this watching sumo on television; there have been
big upsets in the Tokyo matches today. Again, technology is absent, or
rather backgrounded, just as it is in the torii, gateways of Shinto
shrines, which can be massive, stone or cement or wood or even steel
(there are several connected to a small shrine several blocks from here
which are rusting away), and grey or white or worn or weathered or
orange.

The Pocket Monster television scare of a few weeks ago doesn't seem to
have staved the desire for Pocket Monsters at the local 7-11, which are
heavily advertised as usual; there are all sorts of things one can buy:
books with games in them, electronic Poke Mon devices (sitting next to
the open odennabe, oden being a soup with various things like daikon
and chicken in it), even manga (book comics). I was fond of Gon, who
seems to have disappeared from the shelves. The drawing style of most of
this is early Disney, nothing more or less - not exactly crude, but
hardly Hiroshige. It looks like it was produced in Anaheim during off
hours.

I got beat bad in shogi, Japanese chess, playing against a guy in the
back of a bookstore who basically started with a king and two pieces
off-board. That sounds like a little but it led to a massive attack. I
still haven't recovered, although I can beat the shogi program on the
Mac which is close to idiotic - sometimes it oscillates as if it can't
make up its mind on the next move (it can't - it waits). What of this?
So far, shogi computer programs have reached the low amateur level,
that's all. That's what I've been told and that's what I believe.
Meanwhile, the pieces are somewhat identical, except for the kanji
signs (front and back) which distinguish them. If anything, the country
seems overly inscribed - and although inscription of this sort is
obviously part and parcel of the visual, there's a demand everywhere for
the _reading_ - just as "wilderness" here is procured from cultivated
plants, trees, and so forth. "Wilderness" is read, then - not found,
discovered. And a Zen garden (the sand/stone thing is everywhere)
becomes an inscription itself. The cities are jumbled; the parks are
manicured, the roads are twisted - and it all works as a palimpsest of
secondary or tertiary writing - not simulacrum at all, but reference to
writing's materiality (I believe) (as far as I'm concerned) (as much as
I can see) (as much as I can read).

See how I get away from being beat? My game is dismal. I get only eight
notes out of the shakuhachi so far. Since I'm left-handed, my few pathe-
tic attempts at kanji involved pushing the brush into the paper, which
doesn't seem to like it.

In the Fukuoka Art Museum, Anselm Kiefer seemed quite at home; you had
to walk around the park to encounter Utamaro, whose prints constituted
the main exhibition at the moment. The European existential post-war
German crash-Heiner-Muller-materialism works perfectly in the city of
high-speed high-rises, not to mention Canal City, which seems again
dreamed up on a Disney backlot, this shopping center without center or
perspective, anime animating the surfaces as far as one can see,
hardly around corners. The fountains make big bangs when they're set
off. They're set off constantly, and there are artworks (apparently)
scattered (apparently) about...

For someone like myself who writes, the environment is perfect, literate
and impenetrable and not so dissimilar from the world itself, when I
began to speak quick, describing it, before it faded from view. I'd
describe myself describing the world, I'd work it faster and faster and
farther and farther, but I never ended up in Japan, not farther than
Kingston, Penna. Here, I can't walk down the street (or at least try to
cross it), without figuring out the configuration - which I can't figure
out, but at least can find my way elsewhere; passing and bypassing make
up my day.

Writing, visual, feudal, postmodern, cultivated, spaced, layered, so-
called, internalized, split, limned.

Writing split, invisible.

