



Rather Than Thoughts of Gloom


I have a preference for being, rather than nothing. I would like to
have being, instead of nothing. The world prefers being over nothing.
I think that I would quite prefer being and not quite so much, pre-
fer nothing. The world says yes to being, rather than saying yes to
nothing. The very fact of the world is a resounding paean to being,
instead of a mournful dirge, to nothing.

Why is there being rather than nothing, essents rather than nothing,
above all, rather than, begins Heidegger; I'm concerned with the
rather than, but it's all words - nothing, nowhere, contradictory,
perhaps a wish for nothing, annihilation, death to enter the door, the
pain of life crashed to a halt. "Warum ist ueberhaupt Seiendes und
nicht vielmehr Nichts?" he asks, nicht Nichts. Manheim's translation
reads "Why are there essents rather than nothing?" explaining that
"essents" is equivalent to "existents," "things that art." "Art," not
"are," for this is an older translation.

In my life, I fail repeatedly at the rather than, which takes energy
and courage I don't have. There's no impulse here; I don't describe,
but mimic the world I can't participate in. Japan brings this to bear
for me, Japan or any such place where I can't read behind the eyes,
can't make inquiry. The closer one gets to death, the less inquiry one
can make, the more inquiring one does, if only to prove he or she's
still breathing.

In Japan, Kobe has already, after three years when I write this, been
82% rebuilt in some major streets, but it's the big corporations that
have come in, changing the character of everything. The city finds it-
self between 49% and 52% rebuilt altogether; before and after pictures
are side by side on the television. There is a commission to pick a
new site for a new capital, by 2003; a city will be built - Tokyo is
too centralized within Japan, 39 million people in its vicinity. Ano-
ther capital, urban conglomerate; Japan has done this in the past,
like a singular animal stretching, rebounding, but it's not so mono-
lithic at all that, only the sign "Japan." I know all of this because
of the English news; there is one word for maybe five of the Japanese,
so it comes with holes in it, the emptiness of the world falling
through - or rather as if there were a fullness denied those of us who
cannot speak or read the language.

But the rather than implies paths as well, sunlight where there is
darkness; it's somewhat bright and sunny - here's the world, here we
are, why is all of this the case? In "Einfuehrung in die Metaphysik,"
"An Introduction to Metaphysics," there's no analysis of Nichts; Mar-
tin leaves it alone, concentrating on the positive energy of the world
whirling about us. I can't say how any answer would be acceptable in
our fallen and thrown state; we're given what we're given, and the
trace of origins, circular or not, seems to indicate somewhere else
where everything could be on the brink of disappearance. I can't help
but associate this with death; I've always wanted to live to see "how
it call comes out," but on a certain level, it will be more of the
same, only the older stories will all but disappear - I can't remember
for example what sort of trash littered the streets in the 60s, what
the phones looked like, what the restaurants served. Not to mention
what little electronic communications existed at the time, and this is
already three decades ago, now three centuries, if this survives in
one or another package.

It would have to be under glass, my name smeared and rendered inde-
cipherable. I take no pleasure in the present, which seems to lose
energy as I write - perhaps I psychotically inhabit _all the energy
there is,_ and each keystroke reduces the world by so much. Suicide is
opting for the far side of rather-than; I don't take that route, but
understand one is making a choice at every moment of existence - until
the last, the first time the choice is made for you. There is always
superego, shame, at the end; there is always monotheism pulling the
switch - and you've not been able to read anything beforehand, have no
idea of the world, and never will. Wanting to see how it all comes out
- it will disappear, as Eliot said, with a whimper, or rather a cool-
ing, either of a continent or a planet or solar system or universe -
it will literally _expire._


