



Differance


Highschool students' artworks here at the Prefecture Museum - none of
the angst or critique evinced in American equivalents. I'd say little
intensity, emphasis on familiality, groups, coherency. I'd also say,
just one Kurt Cobain - ironic that the symbol for mis-fitting is from
abroad, a dense symbol here, unfathomable.

Works in a local gallery, there's always a sense of space, MA, the
gap, play between formal flatness and incipient landscape. I'd say,
not the reading of the landscape from the formal, but the landscape
seen from the shinkansen, bullet-train, rectilinear rush of rice
paddies, too bad the artist had travelled to Bordeaux for content, not
rice at all, so perhaps I'd find small trees and wine. (I'd say a cer-
tain poetics at work that it's too easy to relate to haiku, mystery -
in fact it's the same mystery perhaps that informs international art -
allusion because there are gaps in knowledge, sutured over - every art
work a wound, every exhibition part and parcel of hospitalization.)

Shrine or temple roof-tops, organic catenaries low against the bleak
pastel modern buildings. I'd say they glower, sensing mysterious act-
ivity behind the monastery walls; who knows which are, and aren't, the
production of cults planning the overthrow of universal order. (I'd
say the orders are _levels_ here, not one on top of another, but
transparent, taking on the world. I'd say this is the reading of an
outsider, skinned against the wall, flayed in one or another Buddhist
hell. I'd say I prefer it that way.)

Bar or snack-bar building-fronts, wilder than anything postmodernism
dreams of - dinosaur jutting out, hysteric art nouveau practically
falling off; submarine elevators with hydromatic doors, ancient wooden
elephants encased in chain-link fences covered with small locks; aqua-
ria of blowfish, squid, sea cucumbers (all often eaten as they're dy-
ing); Utamaro playing cards; miles-long underground shopping streets;
giggling on the radio. I'd say an anthology of everywhere in every
country; I'd say, open your eyes in New York. In the States, I ignore
the promulgation of difference; in Japan, difference _for me_ is a
manner of interpretation, the first step towards getting off at the
right subway stop or buying food at Freshness Burger. So difference is
"my" difference, not necessarily that of the Japanese or "your" dif-
ference - and signs are differentiated, not by difference, but by
_clusters of differences,_ taking wild epistemological / ontological
leaps. (A whole philosophy can be based on this - not [A-B], but
[ArB], where r is a relationship, constantly morphing, up for grabs
- and r, for that matter, _transforms_ A and B, in relation to the
observer - as sememes and intentions collide...)

Works of "grown-up" art in the Prefecture Museum - ah well, everywhere
imitation Western styles, especially impressionism. Lots of stuff that
looks like George Innis. I'd say, what is this about; there's little
comprehension of the roots or rootedness of the original - which ap-
pears from here as hegemonic, articulating the unknown. Then I think,
perhaps Japanese art per se was both aristocratic, developed through
the court system, and popular - so that there's a gap - which the mid-
dle-class American or European styles fulfill. So that every conser-
vative work _here_ is also a definition of art vis-a-vis the Wittgen-
steinian family of usages - an extension into an imperial culture that
has dominated, one way or another, certain depths and surfaces, since
Perry. I'd say I don't know what I'm talking about, however; I have
little knowledge of the social history of Japan, remembering only that
the prints weren't particularly valued in the nineteenth-century - but
then I'd say, valued by whom? And what's the source of this informa-
tion?

A girl at Freshness Burger had on platform shoes I _really_ wanted -
leather, tough, serrated soles, wide heels, strapped on. They'd be so
neat in SOHO! Later, pricing them, they'd seem to cost over $150 or
so. I'd say, what a fashion! I'd say, I'm an idiot!

I am noticing myself, clumsy, awkward, speechless. I tell people New
York isn't full of killers. I'm packing. I pull out my gun and shoot.

Phrases I am teaching to the hotel staff:  She's really something!
Yo! Dweeb! Cyberpunk! Skatepunk! You're out of your mind! Grunge. Get
lost! Put up with it! Put out. On the spot! Get real! Don't blow up. I
can't get through to you! Get it through your head! Do you two get
along? The deal goes sour. Stop playing mind games. Chill! It got out
of hand. I like your get-up. Let's get down! I nailed him! I got to
the bottom of it! He's got a twisted mind; he gave me the creeps!
Spare me... I got the jump on him, sleazebag! scumbag! We got down to
business! Get off my case! She's really fucked up! She's messed up!
She's got a screw loose! Don't give me your lip! You gave him the slip!
You're chicken. Bullshit! You're out of your skull! He's not himself
recently. What's gotten into him? He's caught between a rock and a
hard place. He's gay; she's queer. I didn't give it a second thought!
What a boy-toy! I want to get my hands on him! He's a real techie! A
total freak! Careful - he's packing a gun...  He's a real hothead! He
gets hot under the collar! Whatever...


