



Nikuko in the Bar (Heidegger)


I got the call at five in the afternoon and went down to Nakasu around
seven. Tokyo Crash-Land was empty; it didn't fill properly until one in
the morning, exact Tokyo time, but this was Wa-Fukuoka. 

Nikuko was alone in the bar. Above her, the ceiling dripped with air-
plane parts, smashed tail on the floor, wheel-chairs. You can imagine. A
couple of hundred people had died to make the place.

I killed him, she said. I've wanted to tell you this. I've always wanted
to tell you this. It's been eating me up alive. I pulled the plug - he was
getting better. A propeller spun overhead, gathering speed while bikes
screeched outside in the bitter Kyushu night. 

I've never told anyone this before, she continued. She was weird, white. I
couldn't take my eyes off her. She was just like everyone in her genera-
tion. They were all weird, white. They were all young. He was an idiot
kamikaze, she said. Not divine, but blind wind; he never knew what hit
him. His lights went out like Fuji, like the death of old Nippon. I never
played shakuhachi again.

Why tell me, a gaijin you hardly know, I said, replying to her. I was cur-
ious, yellow, but not a total coward.

Because you can't transmit, you can't speak well enough. You couldn't go
to the police. They'd never understand you. You're mixed up in the busi-
ness like this. I buy you, I buy you. In any case, no one would ever be-
lieve you. And in any case, you're a gaijin, outsider. The roar of a jet
cut across the ceiling. I couldn't hear anything; smoke and fire filled
the place, disappeared as fast as it came. Crash-crash Tokyo, as far as I
was concerned. I buy you, I buy you. The words rang in my ears forever.
I buy you. I buy you.

An aileron opened like a leaf above my head; a crumpled wing shuddered in
Bang-Crash Tokyo (as far as I was concerned). Nikuko had nothing to lose; 
she was right. I paid my drink, said my goodbyes.  We'd never see each
other again. There was nothing to say, right? I couldn't think of any-
thing, and when I think about it, I still can't think of anything. So I've
been bought. I returned to Brooklyn. Everything should be fine, right? 
But then... I can't explain the dreams, sweet fevers, hysteria; I can't
explain my life since - not a bit of it. I should be able to, right? 

Nikuko died in a plane crash in 1995.


