



Illegibility (Proposal for Perforations) -


An assumption of this century, Foucault's analysis of _divinatio_ not-
withstanding, is that the world is becoming increasingly legible -
that there are one or more _readings_ of the world - either through
the foreclosing of textuality (what is, can be said), or through an
increased understanding aligned with progress and progressivity. If
the world is an encoding, then decipherment continues to reduce the
unknown, and this might even be measured in terms of bandwidth, toler-
ances, and so forth.

On the other hand, one might argue towards an essential and irreduci-
ble _illegibility,_ that not everything is decipherable - that there
may, perhaps, be unknown or unknowable signs - as well as phenomena
masquerading as signs - as well as phenomena having no relation to the
symbolic at all.

I am not arguing for a "horizon" of the illegible, but a seepage that
occurs perhaps _within_ as well as without the legible. (For example,
it may not be the case that every culture can be traced or translated
- even in part - into every other.) Perhaps every domain is inherently
illegible; perhaps foundations are not always interpretable across the
board (and there for are not foundations sub specie aeternis). Consi-
der the illegibility and illiteracy of the world, and consider the
following, somewhat practical, concerns.

0 Issues of identity, recognition, self-reflexivity / asservation: To
what extent does identity depend on legibility? Can one "read" another
culture (without or without literacy in that culture) in such a manner
that anomie or the sensation of exile do not occur? Can one "read"
one's own culture in this manner? What is the phenomenology of anomie?
Of exile?

1 Illiteracy - the inability to read and write. Every text is illegi-
ble. (But if one is literate in the language of a text, and the text
is visually "clear," does that _necessarily_ mean it is legible?)
What is the post-Ivan Illich "take" on language, reading and writing?

2 Computer illiteracy - the inability to use computer technology. (Are
computers legible _all the way down_? What constitutes legibility in
this case?) What is the political economy of computer technology? Of
computer-mediated-communication (CMC) in relation to this? (Think of
the division between haves and have-nots for example. What - today -
constitutes _having_? Is bandwidth a consideration?)

3 Dead Media (Bruce Sterling) - illegible remnants, archeologies.
(What constitutes "media" in the first place?)

4 Infinite _kanji_ - wandering across a Borgesian world in which uni-
versals do not exist, in which each signified (in the sense of refer-
ence in the world) possesses its own sign. Nothing and everything are
simultaneously interpretable in writing. All signs are illegible and
legible; all are strictly indexical, ikonic, blurring the distinction.

5 Illegibility of or on or off the Net: What constitutes Internet
illegibility; what constitutes Net illiteracy? Do TCP/IP and other
protocols play a role here? Since virtual subjectivity is largely
textual (or entirely textual, if bit-mapping is considered as such),
what would be an _illegible subject_? What sorts of reception theory
apply here?

6 Are cultures translatable? Is habitus a discourse or discursive for-
mation? What is the political economy of legibility, of illegibility?

7 What constitutes misrecognition? How does misrecognition play into
the above? (Misrecognition: an alternative or alternative reading, a
non-intended reading, a reading-degree-zero, an absent or absent-mind-
ed reading.)

8 Reading and writing "foreign" cultures or the cultures of one's own.
Reading and writing on the Net.

9 And finally, to what extent is illegibility _inherent_ in the world
at large? And what constitutes this inherency?


