


The Ratio


Through the shakuhachi I project this and that into the into the habi-
tus; it is pure sound and its mathematical relationships that estab-
lish that establish a common language, which is not of this world,
these broken rhythms or scales which together constitute what might be
called a construct - so for example, the rhythm which is pure and
additive, based on these divisions for example which (on the other
hand), the scales which fracture such divisions - there's always a
dialectic established, what might be considered a mobile ratio - and
through this (through the shakuhachi I project this and that into the
into the habitus) the habitus expands, exhausts itself (that is, as
waveforms, solitons, stases, oases). In other words, it is the mobile
ratio which constitutes the world for humans, which is constitutive of
the world - order (extension and divisibility - what I have elsewhere
called _measure geometries_) on one hand, and its fracturing as the
body extends into, say, the _high note,_ the _bent note._ There has
always been the body in the midst of this; see _Ornament._ There have
always been _uneasy dreams_ of flight, always the grounding of the
waking world.

The language of this music is not of this world, because it (just)
misses the sign, the symbolic; it cross-references (through the octave
although that is not even recognized necessarily cross-culturally), is
_heard._  It is and is not pure sound; it is within sequencing, within
differentiation, and it is described say by idealized sine-waves with-
out beginning or end (onset tones are another story - and in fact the
creation of the story itself). So I would say that music is _of_ the
world in a way language is not, and as such, it is a replay of scaf-
folding against which the human emerges, is constituted. Which is not
to say that this is either an explanation of the existence or cogni-
tion of music, but only of a certain interplay between repetition and
anomaly which exists throughout the habitus. What is habit.

So that for example (this is all an example) I can play my ignorance
(of the language and writing of Japan) into the void, so that I can
reclaim (claim) a certain territorialization by virtue of an amanuen-
sis or presence - an inscription which, as I have pointed out, is sim-
ultaneously mute (virtual) and a _cut_ which is also a Jordan (closed)
curve, or _circumlocution._

What is human plays around the remnant of metaphysics. One might call
this a foreclosure against death, for example. The _breathing_ of a
note, for example. The _holding_ of the note, until the onset is for-
gotten. The _disappearance_ of the same, as soon as breathing stops
(when one can no longer exhale, when the air inside is exhausted).

The mobile ratio whereby the universe _turns._


