





Writing Exercise, the Samurai of Cyberspace


/salamander/
between one and the other, the animal which survives fire
burns its way out of stones, you see animals here,
        she said, i only see salamanders.
then and then.
then and then he said why don't you say what I see or
        get rid of your eyes.
then and then, she said, you're a fucking salamander.

/party/
party is such, sweet, sorrow said, sweet-trotsky nodded
        in return. twas better than the death of the two
        of them, remnants of the left brigade. paris burned
        in the distance. sorrow had a baby face, and sweet was
        sweet sixteen.

/machine/
so that the sixteen-machine sewed sorrow to sweet, so
        that stalin-machine killed trotsky-machine, so
        that paris burns with green sweet flame, sorrow
        said, jealous of the spotted animal suffocating,
        floundering, at her feet.

/salamander/
between one and the samurai of cyberspace and othe samurai of cyberspace
and r, the samurai of cyberspace and animal which survives fire burns its
way out of stones, you see animals here,
        she said, i only see salamanders. the samurai of cyberspace and n
and the samurai of cyberspace and n. the samurai of cyberspace and n and
the samurai of cyberspace and n he said why don't you say what I see or
        get rid of your eyes. the samurai of cyberspace and n and the
samurai of cyberspace and n, she said, you're a fucking salamander. 

/party/
party is such, sweet, sorrow said, sweet-trotsky nodded
        in return. twas better than the samurai of cyberspace and death of
the samurai of cyberspace and two
        of the samurai of cyberspace and m, remnants of the samurai of
cyberspace and left brigade. paris burned
        in the samurai of cyberspace and distance. sorrow had a baby face,
and sweet was
        sweet sixteen.

/machine/ 
so that the samurai of cyberspace and sixteen-machine sewed sorrow to
sweet, so
        that stalin-machine killed trotsky-machine, so
        that paris burns with green sweet flame, sorrow
        said, jealous of the samurai of cyberspace and spotted animal
suffocating,
        floundering, at her feet.


