



Subject: Deja-vu, the Leper, Gone-World, Re/vision/ Re/verse


My Mythology, by Nikuko-oozing


The earth was formed from a swelling that began out of a primordial germ
and split, separating dust from effluvia, debris from stony veins. From
this, the kami emerged. Soon veins formed head-bands, emptied of swollen
lungs and brains. Some kami committed seppuku, removing their tongues by
means of pinchers forged from stony veins.  Thus were formed brains with
their many channels of mizu. Ah, lovely mizu! Transparent mizu! Tasteless
mizu! Channels of mizu run down tiny brain-cunts in skulls formed from
stony veins. Thus were formed "channels." (Cells gleam at the bottom of
the world. Tongues stick to them.)

Inkan stamp the elbows of kami-heads; the stamps cry "Oh Holy Mother Let
Us Have Necks And Shoulders." Thus did necks and shoulders form. Some kami
have arms on shoulders on necks on heads. They are meat-girls, Nikuko-
oozings swelling into split germs and stony veins. They are angry girls! 
They are Dead-Meat-Buffalo Daughter, whose New Rock release is on
Toshiba-EMI Limited, a blend of techno and industrial voice-over somewhat
reminiscent of Big Stick, first heard at Rhino Records in Los Angeles (as
usual, their lead singer died). Dead-Meat-Buffalo Daughter appears cour-
tesy of Chameleon Records in Fukuoka, punk-animals everywhere or rather
can you dance as the voice goes _way behind_ the back-beat. On the floor
of genitals they dance the back-beat. It's illuminated. Slippery, signs
slide across spaces of holes and _stupa._ Someone makes a sky-signal.

Meanwhile, in the Nihongi, Izanagi no Mikoto and Izanami no Mikoto say
"Why should we not produce someone who shall be lord of the universe?" -
an off-handed remark leading to much future woe. One can only imagine.
"Universe" is given as "tenka" in a footnote, now meaning "the whole
country; the public; the reins of government." Either a bringdown (EFL
students wa take-note of the idiom) or hubris, from The New Crown
Japanese-English Dictionary. What happens in the tenka? I don't know, but
return to Nikuko-oozing's story, for her promising anger which spread like
a virus from Nikuko-oozings-coalescing with trunks and legs, breasts and
wombs, fierce warriors who have heard of Greece and Monique Wittig. They
come across a hermit in a cave, another kami in disguise, since there are
Nikuko-oozings-One and kami, and that's all. They show him their cunts,
ask for sake; they drink much, push the stick through his cloth, and that
is all there is to it. 

Shite, lead character in a Noh play, he begins to sing, Wa! (Harmony!) 
Waa! (Hurray!)  He's _it,_ goaded by the _waki,_ Nikuko-oozing-who-does-
not-wear-a-mask. Wa!  Waa! Yugen crashed-body or scabbed, mystery-depth-
profound-subtle-aesthetic, emerges among the kami, a beat magazine in New
York 1950s, edited by Leroi Jones, if memory serves me. "It runs fine when
I'm here," sing Dead-Meat-Buffalo Daughter, thinking of Nikuko-oozing. 
Shite-hermit sings and sings, stick poking through. Thus was born "song," 
"Noh," and "penis." In revenge, Shitehermit says, "Nikuko-oozing, you
cannot be in Noh." No-Noh-Nikuko-oozing.  She sews him back up in the
cave. (Was he sewn at first? Whose cave? Was that Nikuko-oozing's? Niku-
ko-oozing's cave - thus was born possession.) (Thus was born cunt, for
there were no things before any of this. Nikuko insists on comprehension
of this _no._)

Dead-Meat-Buffalo Daughter change to swing-beat. The synthesizers wind
down. Anyway, they make the Sun-Goddess, called Oho-hiru-me no muchi,
although Ama-terasu no Oho kami and Ama-terasu-oho-hiru-me no Mikoto are
cited as well. Nikuko takes pity; the earth is kami, too. So are Dead-
Meat-Buffalo Daughter, who are auspicious; the hermit, who receives the
penis; the waki, helping everyone. Now everyone has all limbs and bodies
but the penises and wombs are equally divided. When a war comes, Nikuko-
oozing-who-does-not-wear-a-mask, and is a dark-haired girl living near
Nakasu, gets angry, and says, there is no kami for any of us, and there
are many less penises perhaps at first, and then less wombs.

When the earth swells, there is an earthquake and caves are swallowed in
the earth. Sesshu's Long Landscape Scroll portrays this incident of
Nikuko-oozing-supporating and hermit, and, as if in despair and irony,
there is earthquake also, destroying the earth shrine at Hakata, until its
memory faded from the affairs of men and women. (Some men and women are
born without arms or legs; some without brains; some without breasts or
wombs; some without penises;  some without heads; some without skulls or
necks; and some without shoulders.)

