



Giving and Taking Notice


"The great majority of people in most human societies is conservative.
The reasons for this are not at all mysterious. Most people are cons-
ervative in the sense that they take the basic structures of their
society for granted and try to work out the problems of their own
lives within these structures. In the words of Alfred Schutz, the soc-
ial world is 'taken for granted until further notice.'" (Peter Berger,
"Intellectual Conservatism: Two Paradoxes," in Facing up to Moderni-
ty, 1977.)

What does it mean for the world to give notice, or for someone to give
notice to the world? What strife is encountered as the habitus enters
a new phase, or is indifferently enframed, shattered - the brokerage
of the commonplace? Berger's critique of modernity focuses on five do-
mains: abstraction, futurity, individuation, liberation, and secular-
ization. The first, second, and last tend towards teleology from below
- it's here that the notice upwells - and both individuation and lib-
eration might be said to have been handed notice by the strictures of
the life-world. Structures or strictures (Berger was an exponent of
phenomenological sociology, in particular the work of Alfred Schutz),
one might consider first of all what is a _notice_?

To notice something is to perceive and recognize it - the recognition
might be considered an embedding of the _thing_ in the semiotic - that
is, the thing becomes susceptible to semiosis, to furtherance on the
plane of the symbolic. To give notice is to intend such an embedding,
to intend the positioning of an activated signifier within the sememe.
A signifier is activated in this regard if it is attended to - and a
notice demands attention, inscription or circumscription within the
subject (virtual or not).

Only on the Internet can the world be considered as constituted by a
collocation, or perhaps even, a conflagration, of notices. Everything
present is intended, competitive; everything demands attention, de-
mands attending-to. The life-world of the Net exists only insofar as
intention is at work; turn the computer off or _stop reading,_ and the
life-world dissolves. (Part of the addictive quality of the Net may
come from the fact that it _appears_ intended as well - as if it were
a maternal universe, human, legible, licit, and safe.)

The exception is breakdown, hacking, any asservation in which anomaly
or unintended consequences appear. Unintended, by whom? Certainly not
by the hacker (for example), but unintended in terms of the relevances
and coherencies established between the user and her machine, the user
and her applications and the content delivered by those applications.

All of this remains, then, normally (or in a normative mode) within
the sphere of coherent content, competency; hacking or otherwise
breakdowns appear to come in from the cold, from the outside. These
never shatter, but shudder, the life-world of the Net; there are al-
most always further actions that may be taken (reconnect, for example)
in order to re-establish the constituting of the world.

The life-world of the Net is _constituting,_ not constituted - it is a
situation of _continuous rewrite._ (See the Internet Text.) The break-
down of ceasing of transmission of writing results in stasis, a freez-
ing of inscription, anomie on the part of the subject, the withdrawal
of communicative competencies.

So to say the Net is composed of _noticing,_ _notices,_ _taking notice
of,_ is to say that the Net is intended as a constituted and constitu-
ting realm. This is also to say that the Net and the user, as a dyad,
form a performative coupling; the life-world exists as such within the
phenomenological horizon of the user, but only in relation to the
components provided by the Net as coherent (and, one might say, back-
grounding and invisible). Thus the relevancies of TCP/IP and other
protocols are abrogated to backgrounding, just as the cognitive mech-
anisms within the subject are also backgrounded.

The foregrounding is a confluence of signs. The signs are notices, as
the computer gives notices. Giving and taking notice: What the subject
does, and perhaps _what the subject is._ For the subject of or in the
life-world of the Net is never taken-for-granted, but equally consti-
tuted: constitute the life-world of the subject in front of his compu-
ter, and you have constituted the virtual subject for the subject, or
constituted the subject in relation to the Net, to the Net communities
or computer-mediated-communications that seem so transparent across
the wires.

One might conceive of a liberation _from_ the notice or a liberation
from the signifier, in fact, but the Net (at least until the raster be-
comes finer with the advent of seamless virtual realities), at this
stage, is a control system, a system of discrete inputs and outputs, a
system of channels and agents, a system of well-defined specificities.
Within such a system, anomie runs rampant; wetware and software meet
only through the manipulations of voice, finger, and eye/ear/touch
perceptual input. Isn't flaming an insistence on noticing - aren't
web-pages personal or corporate notices - isn't this text itself a
form of notice, giving notice on the Net, giving notice - as a report
for example - on the state of the life-world of the Net? On its status
(as seen by _this_ subject)?

"Taken for granted until further notice."

