


The Game of Japan (of Signifiers)


Mendicant monks, we
are on the road of total dissolution, along which a stream
hampered by concrete flows, down predestination, we're carrying
the magatama jewel, curved like liver like tear like conch
like Nikuko, we're biting the head off to make kami-gods,
we're biting the middle to make more of 'em,
we're biting the tail, just when we thought there wasn't any more,
we're biting each other, falling over in the ha-ha-onsen,
suddenly switched, I've got my mouth fastened
on some nether parts of me that hurt hurt hurt, they disappear
along with the rest of my jewels, so like liver like tear like conch
or ouroboros, I go in, she's elsewhere, smarter with all this Nikuko-
biting, oh reader here I am!, until somewhere
my toe meets my head and I'm an inch of flesh, all necessary
for the jewel-cushion, Yasaka-jewels, you would've heard of them!
on the couch, coach, shaped like conch - see where language gets you,
not a bit of it!, hurt hurt hurt, you'll never guess
what I'm typing with (it's not what you think, Yasaka!), I'm sitting
on the conch

ii

We travel to Beppu where we make a big storm and a tsunami fills all
the onsen with frothy-fish-foam and someone makes an island.

iii

There are trees on the island, there's a dragon and a cave made of
burning human skin, the skin grows from the outside in, it's like a
yakitoriya there, all warm and would-be pretty good to eat, but the
dragon likes the roof, her flame goes out in the rain, you can only
imagine the rest of this, how we burrowed and made little rooms for
ourselves, ringing our begging-bowls, playing shakuhachi, until she
gave up, in, out, 10,000 yen for the troubles, and how they emerged
in Ireland.

iv

We leave the island, heading for a place that makes crows constantly.

v

In this place, there's a parliament of birds deciding on a proper
constitution. So it includes homage to the emperor, a clean death for
all traitors, exchange students and retributions well-crafted for
certain crimes and misdemeanors, take care of the shrine! which means
liquid for everyone, you might think someone would care in the midst
of all this chaos. But now there's a text and everyone can read, and
happily everyone does the production, even criminals who gladly
retribute. Now we collect money from the criminals, because we rebuild
the onsen, that's so necessary. It's quite nice now and not very
expensive, and a writer like me can disgorge, unravel, open up like a
box of shogi pieces which can't play the game of Japan. I will sit
down at my desk with my brush. I will ink the inkan and ink the
computer. I will portray my whole life, mendicant, auspicious,
medieval. You will not believe the lovely jewels, curved, bitten in
three places, tongues torn from mouths, just lovely talk. There's no
mouth (against which the tongues) pressed against the skin against the
dragon cave. The skin against the cave was comfortable, warm, worn;
the cave wore the skin.

vi

The skin against the cave was the cave, the game of Japan.

vii

I sit at my desk and oh I am bleeding to death! I cannot, oh, type,
touching myself in this matter, the A B I D E already have disappeared
"in the manner of painting." You will see depth when something goes
wrong and there is a big fixture (interlinear chandelier) in a space
in which I am a magatama jewel. Now you will bite me in three places,
what I call "the game of Japan."

viii

The apology for all peoples, which I make, a life of regret. That I am
not all peoples, that I am on the exterior of any skin for any house
containing any plant or animal. I am called a "covering." A "covering"
may be a surface with thickness, and may serve the purpose of rainful-
keeping-away. Together we meet again and shake hands and smile and the
sun is warm (we have made it that way). And we are mendicant monks; we
are wandering. We're on the road of total dissolution. There's a
stream hampered by something or other, and we've got these jewels.

ix

_I'm bitten._


