




ON THE NODES


Tras na sevo.

Chak fwa ou fe you bagay, sa lese takou you tras na sevo ou.

Le ou fe mem bagay la plisie fwa, tras la vin pi fo. Se pou tet sa tout
bagay ou abitue fe, ou fe-l pi fasil, paske bagay la ge cheme-l tou trase
na lespri ou.

[...]

Tracks in the brain

Each time you do a thing it leaves as it were a track in your brain.

When you do the same thing many times the track becomes deeper. It is for
that reason everything you are accustomed to do, you do it more easily
because that thing has got its road all traced in your mind.

(from Haitian Creole, McConnell and Swan, Petit-Goave, Haiti, 1960.)


I've got tracks in the brain. I believe in Kami-sama, the god of the
universe who makes me feel small. But I am in Kami-sama, so I am a small
part of the god of the universe, and I know just what I am. But I am not
going to pray any longer, no I am not going to pray any longer. There's
nothing to ask but the task. Daily life is full of daily occurrence and
that is the will of Kami-sama. And I do believe all the same, I do be-
lieve. And I will continue to believe because I am on the right track. I
do and am on the right track. 

I'm not gonna pray any longer, I'm on the right track. 
I'm not gonna pray any longer, I'm on the right track.

I will go down to the station, I will go down to the station.
I am on the right track, I am on the right track.
Kami-sama, kamai-sama, I am on the right track.
It is daily life, naruyuki, I have no steering wheel.
I don't need your steering-wheel, I don't need your steering wheel.

The train comes down to the station, I want to ride you baby.
The train comes to the station , I want to ride you baby.
The blues are falling down, trains at the station, baby.

I want to learn you, baby, learn everything there is.
I want to live forever, rather than I want to die.
Heidgger digger caught over the fiddle, 
I'm caught way over the moon.

"Me, pou chak aksio ki ge na mache, ou te oblije bay tet ou you lod."

"But for each action which walking has, you were obliged to give your head
an order." 

(ibid.) Don't ask me why you're here.

