





Figuring


(Fukuoka, Japan)

The upper range of the noh flute is atonal in relation to the lower;
this is probably unique in the flute family. The flute is designed
with a small wooden insert near the mouth-hole. The flute I heard today
at the Konkyoko temple ceremony, accompanying koto, was atonal as
well, the result I think of ignoring the lower octave altogether, and
playing up to three octaves above. After the ceremony over 10-sake-
argument-me, we discussed theology. Everything is fine with one God
the universe, the story, and I think every religion has a story, the
narrative of _Being_ which doesn't have to go anywhere at all. There
is a good daily-life narrative in Konkyoko, just let it go with the
flow, coming and going, give and take, it's all back to daily life,
which is where the God has big divinity. It's the them speaking, not
as one, not as beings, but Being: "Why is there Being rather than
nothing" might conceivably translate into "Why not?". I am greatly
thankful that this group of people are thinking about the universe.

("If Sectarian Shinto is individualistic and ethical, it is quite con-
ceivable that it has a tinge of religious universalism, even though it
is not quite relieved of the bond of national religion. Therefore it
may be described as quasi-universal or semi-propagandistic in charac-
ter, and thus Sectarian Shinto has in principle some approach to the
genuine universal religions, Buddhism and Christianity. Most of the
Shinto sects are national in one respect, because their religious ob-
servances are not a little connected with some of the national deities
mentioned in the _Kojiki_ and _Nihongi_ myths, but in another respect
some - at least one - of the Shinto sects have passed beyond the
limits of national religion. To cite an example: the Konko Sect which
adores Tenchikane-no-Maki (a name never mentioned in the _Kojiki_ or
the _Nihongi_) or the Heaven-and-Earth-Including-Deity, i.e., the
Supreme Deity whose influences extend over the entire Heaven and the
Earth, free of any racial restriction or boundaries of nationality -
in its worship of this Deity the sect displays an aspect of Shinto as
a universal religion." From Genchi Kato, A Study of Shinto, 1926.)

Now we will go out to the flea-market nearby at the Hakozaki shrine.
Here there is much pottery from the last couple of centuries for sale,
I do notice. I know nothing about this. We are walking down back the
left-side and I notice a carton on the ground with shards. These
aren't like the other shards at the flea-market, which are decorated
and recent - these are apparently old, and we ask the owner where they
are from. He mentions a river that was diverted; these surfaced. I am
feeling eerie; they're inexpensive, and I figure they're not fake,
since they are _so_ cheap, all different, worn in a manner similar to
those I've seen in the middle-east or north-eastern Pennsylvania - and
since it would be difficult to reproduce the _look._ I buy two pieces
for 700 yen, around $6, and figure later, from a book (from which I
figure everything - depending on _figuration_), that they are Yayoi,
between 300 BC and 300 AD, wheel-turned with slight straw incisions. I
have part of a base and bowl-side and part of a shoulder and lip and
part of the universe.

Like the 3.5 billion-year-old stromatolite fossil I own, these are
part of the universe, before the _other_ incision of writing, although
one might find DNA coding a form of inscription or universal govern-
ment. These shards are part of the problem of ceramics, which always -
in art departments - are closer to ateliers, workshops, eruptions,
than to the discursive formations of academia. Their roughness pre-
figures the figuration of the earth, before the figure of the book.
I think they run on no protocol, no _writing_ except the survival of
hardened clay in the earth, the habitus of their production, the
familialities they occurred within - this is how I would _like_ to see
them, in other words: without narrative and the pleasure of narrative,
without the story of their origin or production (although with the
story of their discovery and removal to the carton on the grounds of
the Hakozaki Shrine flea-market).

There are other narratives which are not. In Israel, studying prehis-
tory, I went on a field-trip with other students to the North. We
visited an Olduvai site, a dried lake-shore under excavation; there
were trenches, about five feet high, and I walked through one of them.
On both sides, there were stone-tools, Olduvai, still embedded. They
were _there,_ roughly carved, way before points and handles. Touching
them, I realized that the _last touch,_ the touch before _this,_ was
by a creature not quite human, different, the same, intermediaries,
just as the stromatolite appears rock-like, hardly alive, the first
larger organisms (composed of cyanobacteria) to leave fossil records,
thin bands in certain rock.

We are talking about _rock,_ about _clay,_ about _writing,_ there and
not there, as if touched, caressed, by a presence at a far remove from
the symbolic - or stumbling through the symbolic, or being a sign. And
we are talking about a _flute_ which doesn't jump to the octave, but
jumps into tension, and the impetus accompanying the flute, and the
difficult care of its carving.

But we are talking about a sign, and what constitutes a sign when it
emerges from the earth - or a sign, emerging as sound from silence -
or a sign, when it is not a sign at all, not even a narrative not even
a Presence of religion.

We are talking about a sign which for us, _damaged life_ (Adorno), al-
ready problematizes a sign, problematizes signifiers - just as such
_operations after the fact_ inform Kristeva's Revolution in Poetic
Language. And we are talking about a sign which is always already an
upwelling, anomaly, appearance - an appearing which is taken-for a
sign, a sign in these instances of the obdurate, inert earth - a sign
which lends itself, trembling, as it were, to the chthonic. ("As it
were," for it is our trembling, or my trembling, and "as it were," for
the sign is neither borrowed nor lent, but constituted or recuperated
by one organism in relation or within/without the presence of anoth-
er.) Thus a sign which emerges, dragging the inchoate with it, and
this is perhaps related to Otto's _numinous_ which is present in these
objects, these shards, stones, sounds bent out of, within, belonging.
Or what we read as the numinous, I would say not the divine or Pre-
sence in all things, but a thinging which resonates the symbolic as if
_the symbolic were there to be played._

We forget this, comfortable with writing. Or if not comfortable with
writing, with reading. Or if not comfortable with reading, with the
sign. Or if not comfortable with the kanji, comfortable with speech,
with speaking and replying, call and response. Or if not comfortable
with speech, comfortable with sound. Or if not comfortable with sound,
comfortable with that silence which does not exist, emerge, upwell. Or
here, comfortable with that uneasy obdurate which threatens those who
signify, those who sign. And who of us are immune from this, at all
levels of what is constituted or constructed as the real? No matter
how much art is a placement _elsewhere,_ no matter how much the Net is
a figure of flux, dispersion, dissolution. For a membrane has no nodes.
"For a membrane has no nodes."

And the _symbolic is a placement or a play._ (In noh, there is the
_waki_ who probes, prods, the masked hero or heroine. The _waki,_ like
everything here, I figure to be within and without the narrative - the
_moment_ of the narrative perhaps, so that the hero or heroine can
_produce_ the speaking or singing or _tuning_ of the world of the
script to the audience, transmission eddying around his figuration.)



(The greater the degree of superstructural play on the Net, the great-
er the foreclosure of a political economy that problematizes the sign,
in a way that no sed[  ] or awk[  ] or script can. So that one glides
on the surface of the TCP/IP protocol narratives, for example, as if
there were the continuum. But there is no continuum; there is only
cauterization, filtering-machinery, no matter how fine the raster. And
I would not know how to define the raster of the _upper register_ of
atonality, the raster of the shard. I would not know how to define the
raster of clay or stone, and I think these are problems of the Net,
January Wired a case in point - the translation of scarcity economics
into entrepreneurial capital for example. But this transformation,
which is also a blinding, is a different occasion, and while I program
_here_ I will also Olduvai _there._ Nothing will come of it. I am sure
of that; _nothing will come of it._)


