



For Donna Donnatelli:


(Donna Donnatelli was a creation of mine from 1994. _I didn't do any-
thing with her._)

(the memory of displaced avatars) (disappearances of emanations)

(ectoplasms of the nineteenth century) (cauterizations of the uncanny)

"Within the cavern Donna Donnatelli roamed in impenetrable blackness
heated the color temperature of a star stumbling its last glacial rays
of the visible spectrum. I knelt beside her, phosphorescent ripples
moving closer in upon us, almost the surface of mobile epidermis
thinned and pearlescent. I could think only of 'a Nice girl Looking
for A fun relationship in Every way' the straw hair of Suzanne eyes of
pale blue 'Look at me I do.'" (lol, Being on Line.)

I leave Donna Donnatelli with Tiffany, "an increment installed by
Tiffany, imperceiving the cavern of Donna Donnatelli, not exactly a
syzygy or rearrangement at the edge descendent or cwm of the cavern,"
melding the name redolent of Ballard, say, or Gibson, with others _of
their sort,_ forthcoming from the caverns of the subconscious; Donna
moves invisibly across the landscape of _there is,_ disappearing
through unremarked portals. Memories of her are always future anter-
ior, what might have occurred would I have taken the opportunity to
project her through Tiffany, through Jennifer or Julu, through Niku-
ko, these others populating with maternal part-objects the skein of
protocols and applications accumulating, coagulating, into the Net.

The Net holds Donna Donnatelli within the interstice, one or another
file; she never had the opportunity to _intersect_ a program, to
produce (Julu) or reproduce (Jennifer). Her death is a quietude, that
of the proper name. Software is abandoned in like fashion, whole MOOs
exhausted of players - only the objects and their numbers remain. So I
might constitute Donna Donnatelli #147, with all the problematic pol-
tical economy associated with such a construct - and I might, instead,
mourn her in my own way, this text a testimony to her stillborn ex-
istence.

(in and out of memory) (in memorium)

(ectoplasms of the twenty-first century) (romancing the uncanny)

(Donna Donnatelli was a creation of mine from 1994. _I didn't do any-
thing with her._)

