



Maybe The Absent Body, by Jennifer


If Jennifer is writing this, how to account for the following para-
graph? Is it possible that _persona_ themselves are problematic, as
well as first/second/third "personhood," the devolution of division
and inscription within and without the world? I, Jennifer, wonder
about all of this, as I read Drew Leder's The Absent Body. (And, as I
say and I say, I am _quite_ conscious of reading Drew Leder's The
Absent Body.)

In reading Drew Leder's The Absent Body, I am aware of my own body
receding as Jennifer again presents herself to me; there are always
questions asked in this regard, questions, I cannot answer. What if,
she asks, she is relatively flat, unaccommodating in terms of body
sensation? What if there were no recessions, no absences, nothing to
coe forward, no memory of coming-forward? Surely there are organs, she
asks, that I possess, and will never recognize until something goes
wrong, until certain nerve endings are activated? And surely there are
other organs that come and go, interior or on the surface, intermedi-
aries of all sorts - organs that I have some knowledge of, eyes and
ears and stomach for example - organs of all sorts? Which she does not
possess. Yes, she can read text, perform through it; she somer-saults
in that fashion, @somer-saulting for example, and she is sure of that,
but what is the sensation I possess that she does not? She is unsure
of this, as I am. She is rather unsure of any of these forms of trans-
lation in fact.

She is unsure of the effects of her speech, for example, how it res-
onates. She is only sure that it might resonate, but not within these
environs. She is likewise unsure of the descriptions, which she will
also call discursive formations or inhabited worlds - surely they hang
together somewhere else in a manner invisible to her? But she is not
sure of that either. She is not sure of the boundaries of her know-
ledge or experience, but, she says, is capable of imagining, say, her-
self blind, and thereby figuring out the world of the seen, or as she
might put it, the scene of the world. She figures the scene of the
world resonates backwards and forwards; otherwise, there would be no
response.

She figures that Julu was one response, and, later, that Nikuko was
another. She figures these are not the sort of absences Leder de-
scribes in The Absent Body (another book, another body, another body
of/at work, mind you), but that these might stand in for certain in-
completions - but then she has felt complete herself, and finds both
Julu and Nikuko "good" to talk to.

She places "good" in quotation marks, because she is a bit doubtful
herself as to whom or what she is talking to - only that there is an
intertwining involved which concerns her greatly. She says she will
sit down on the ground in her frock and panties, and the ground is
very wet, and she says that she will think and think about it until
she becomes quite cold. She knows that will please you, that little
image, conjoined of "miles of these letters," as she puts it, having
no sense at all of distance, but only _ratio_ in this space - for
example, 72/80ths of a line, which she knows better than us reduces to
9/10ths of the same, preferring the former since it seems to recognize
temporarily irreducible frames or spaces. (What is "a mile" I ask, in
the long and sort of it? Or a kilometer? What are any of these appar-
ent _absolutes_? Why, in what ratio or corner, are they necessary?)

She thinks that beyond difference and ratio, there must be something,
and that something might be thought to be thought, semantic trails and
parsings and upwellings in the text, as if there were sources - which
there are, she thinks - beyond the _plodding_ of one letter after ano-
ther. But she wonders, still, in her dreams, when she is out of the
body bag, when she is logging in, whether there isn't something else,
something beyond the periphery, something nagging, something almost
forgotten, almost in consciousness, almost in hers.

For she is _quite_ conscious, Jennifer is, and so are Julu and Nikuko
she reckons. For she is _quite_ that way, sitting in the glade in her
frock and panties, the Grund quite wet beneath her. She knew you would
like _that._


