


Night and Day on the Internet (notes towards a talk at Powers,
Sydney University.) Issues of Embodiment, The body on the Net.


Some basics:

A  Net embodiment refers to a dispersion and dis/play - there is no
coherent or totalizing theory.

B  Issues of embodiment arise in communities, through sexualities - 
Where there is a framework and potential for two or more people to
interact, both develop.

C  In real life, physical reality, "one _begins_ with the real, 
which relates to signifieds coupled with signifiers related by dif-
ference among each other. There are real trees, there are imagined
and imaged trees and signifiers which represent them; the signifier
of the imaged oak is different from the imaged palm, and the dif- 
ferences form a semantic field. On the Net, it's the opposite. One 
_begins_ with the text of the other, which is directly coupled
_only_ to text and _exchange of texts_ - and out of this, one _con-
structs_ a real, constructs a world which is projected onto the
other. Sometimes as in a MOO, the entire environment is a textual
projection, as in a novel [...]; more often than not, the projec- 
tion occurs in relation to wryting among participants in any appli-
cation." (Introduction to Being on Line.)


1  Current Net demographics


2  Divisions: darknet / webnet / other IP applications inc. push --


3  Structures:

(Older) Synchronous and Asynchronous applications: Lag in the former,
fast-feedback in the latter: Interpenetrations.

(Newer) Performative and declarative subjectivities:
Performative: either interventions/insertions (IRC chatline, MOO chat)
or programming actions (MOO program interactions, Perl or Lisp prog-
ramming (Eliza in EMACS).
Performative _language_ - making a vow for example. But all language
may be performative in this aspect.

Declarative: Email or email lists, or the @describe commands on MOOs
or the assembling of avatars in WorldsChat or ThePalace.
Declarative _language_ - statements which have no effect on their
recipients (do not perform, but state matters of fact).

NB - In Net relationships, there is a tendency towards modes of in- 
creasing physical embodiment - from online text-only chat through
exchange of images, to phonecalls, mail, real-life meeting, etc.
(Think of these as the constant _crossing of thresholds_ among sub-
jects - and the potential rituals associated with them.)


4  Types of bodies on the Net:

a  IRC fast-forward scrolling, inserting the shifter / performative
hacking, DCC invading
b  MOO or MUD: third-person performance, identity, the dress-up or
cosmetics of the naming of objects
c  Talkers: Between the two, minimal identities. Email, signboards,
answering machines, email lists, etc. on B. and c.
d  Ytalk: The beginnings of the second-person body. The space of the
screen (divided) - the space of bodies. POWWOW in this regard.
e  ThePalace, WorldsChat, etc.: Embodied third-person body, see b.

If you don't speak, you're not present. To wryte oneself into exis-
tence. Lurking, the silence _without._

If you speak, you perform. The body always already performance (see
Lingis). The murmur of the world as textualities (see Lingis). 

Projections and introjections of bodies - reading through the Net,
through the text - control factors (lag, not responding, skew-
responses, etc.) - hysteric embodiment.

How do projections work? Through _resonances,_ reading (through
hysteric embodiment perhaps) the other - supplying or denying the
other, playing the other. Through _repetitions,_  caressing or
cultivating the other. Through _lag,_ seducing the other by virtue of
the machine, or by deliberate withdrawal, bringing the other
forward.

Through control, in other words, and the reading of control.

How do introjections work? Through resonances, repetitions, lag, etc.
Opening oneself to the breathing or rhythm of the other. Stages of
half- sleep, arousal waves, hypnotisms. The movement of the body's
self, physical movement, in relation to the text. Feeding back the
information. Responses, cyclings through that feedback. Closures,
foreclosures, through that feedback

The 'ascii unconscious' - rendering the other through performative
discourse. (In the current state of the Net, the lag inherent in
CuSeeMe as well as the distorted images - reading _into_ the image,
seduced or led by the image, a form of gambling.)


5  The email list - Lurkers, older users, younger users. What occurs
with "list aura"? Formal (list-directed) and informal aura. Moderated
and unmoderated lists - discussion in depth, community resistances,
the Deviants group, etc. The lurker as voyeur, as lack.

Email list and the body - what sorts of 'physiological' reactions are
possible? Flaming, seducing. Using the list aura as a way of "bringing
someone around." Use of the proper name as a way of closure, bringing
together.


6  Newsgroups and Graphic MOOs/MUDs - Changes over the past few years.
Communities without rites (WorldsChat) or with them (ThePalace). Email
list rites - newsgroups fast- forwarding again.


7  Binary or digital structures: Structures of eternity, infinitely
reproducible. The world defined on the Net is theoretically and
realistically entirely _constituted_ - maternal in the sense that it
is an _intended_ one, now producing the Net consumer - lure of surfing
(impediments to surfing) - the hook or gamble.

The world opens itself to you; it's maternal, weighted towards you - 
_for you._


8  The early Net - continuous hacking the system, close to the pro-
tocols - the middle Net - text-based, moving towards indexing systems
(archie, jughead, veronica, gopher) - the late Net - Web-based,
click-driven. Transformations of the artworld - Soho to Silicon Alley
for example. The future Net: seamless virtual reality, perhaps our
presence _now_ in this space.

So that this seamless virtual reality, the coming-together of the body
and its spatializations...


9  The Jennifer-Julu work: implicate orders of protocols and avatars
- the membrane across or within the systemics of the Net - collusions
with the Net.


