
beneath this line which usually ends the writing I'd like to say forget
it, go home, leave the premises at once.

_____



The Beautiful Reflection of Cyberspace in this Beautiful World


"And particularly is it the deeply rooted custom of this Shrine that
we should bring no Buddhist rosary or offering, or any special peti-
tion in our hearts and this is called 'Inner Purity.' Washing in sea
water and keeping the body free from all defilement is called 'Outer
Purity.' And when both these Purities are attained there is then no
barrier betwen our mind and that of the Deity. And if we feel to be-
come one with the Divine, what more do we need and what is there to
pray for? When I heard that this was the true way of worshipping at
the Shrine, I could not refrain from shedding tears of gratitude.

"That which embodies the Deity in the Inner Shrine is the Sacred Mir-
ror. It was cast in the heavens by the eight million deities. And it
is written that when Ama-terasu-omi-kami secluded herself in the
Heavenly Rock Cave utter darkness took possession of the world. Then
the deities assembled, and on the uprooted Sakaki of Mt. Kau (Kagu-
yama) they hung a mirror and jewels and the blue and white soft hempen
cloths. And when they sang and danced the Kagura or divine dance and
the Sun-Goddess opened the door of the cave a little to look out, the
Deity Tajikarao-no-mikoto pushed it back and drew her forth so that
her August Figure was reflected in the mirror."

(From Saka's Diary of a Pilgrim to Ise, 1342, translated by A. L. Sad-
ler.)

I thank God daily that I have the ability to read and write, to not
transpose lettrs, to ascertain the fixity of prose as my eyes scan
text in the perfection of the mirror of the word. I thank God daily
that the mirror of the word reflects the mirror of the world; As Basil
Hall Chamberlain says, "An extraordinary peculiarity characterises
some of these Japanese mirrors: sunlight reflected from their _face_
displays a luminous image of the design on their _back!_" (Japanese
Things, Being Notes on Various Subjects Connected with Japan, 1971.)
I thank God daily that word and world are separated only by the letter
"el," elohim, (Hebrew) God or Gods of the kami of the mirror. Thus I
can write to you without dyslexia, with the purity of heart necessary
to construct these texts, without the reversals of the letters, but
with the reversals of the mirror reflecting the purity of blue and
white and the curved magatama jewels, so be it.


