



Sputter


Since I have been in Fukuoka, and, more recently, in Sydney and New
South Wales north of Sydney, the internet connections I took for
granted in the United States have become difficult to maintain. In
general, from Australia I telnet to New York's panix.com, and through
my account, telnet out to Japan's gol.com - this is the fastest method
with the least lag time. Even with this, however, I find the connect
constantly sputtering; the lag is anywhere from a half second to three
minutes, and I cannot see what I am typing - the eye/hand feedback
loop is broken. (I note that I am in on shell account, that my usual
programming enviroment has also been absent - but that is another
story, anogther text.)

The result is that almost all my private, and a great deal of my bus-
iness correspondence, comes with disclaimers about the length, style,
and typing of the text - things playing back and forth from thought to
materiality and back (and all simultaneously interspersed). My letters
have been greatly abbreviated; I find myself tense at times. I will
often crash out of one or the other account, only to login again in
the hopes of better transmission. (I will apologize again and again in
each and every letter. I am taken for a poor writer. I am taken for
someone with an _obsession._)

Beyond or within this, the tension begins to rise with each session
and the problems associated with it. They often vary; some are perman-
ently solved (you can order a modem to dial with or without a dial
tone by typing the command AT&FX0 for example), and some, like the
lag, constantly change, like the weather. I think of datastorms, in
fact, on the Net, whereas it's usually only the matter of routers and
bandwidth. (They're not storms at all; they're sullen depressions.)

What is it about the lack of coordination and lag that creates such
fury and despair? On one hand, speech becomes _unnatural_ - everything
written must be sounded out, and errors painstakingly removed by
counting lines and letters (if they're removed at all). Posts feel
tattered, ripped apart. The _throat_ comes into play as well - this
awkward organ that sounds out inner speech and inner writing, appears
vulnerable; the body itself is ripped and fallen. (Over and over, I
think about the throat, which is itself the _seat_ of expressivity,
almost by default. But that is also another story.)

The Net reaches from the screen, from the keyboard. Everything is bro-
ken. The Net sticks itself across the windpipe, smothering through the
skin of the throat. The Net collapses the vocal cords. Words wheeze
out, dying words. I can't reach _through_ the sentences to you; I'm
blocked at every turn. The sentences become barriers; I'm sentenced to
them _so to speak_ at all, which is already a question of the seques-
tered larynx. (The larynx collapses. I can't think straight, can't
mouth straight. It's as if I were in a foreign country. It's as if I
couldn't read _kanji._)

What should be the absence of speech and phenomena, the absent body,
autonomic reactions, becomes the presence of an anguished energy
attempting to guise itself in speech, to take on the lineaments of
desire. Defeat is intrinsic to the process. I _choke_ on the words
that elsewhere, elsewhen, should have saved me. Should have recuper-
ated _this_ subjectivity, absolved it from itself. Instead I find my-
self facing _language, my enemy._ (Language is my enemy; language is
all I have. Every text becomes a world, extends my existence, and as I
have written over and over again, another litany _when it was possible
to write,_ I write myself into existence, and I write myself out of
it.)

I have no recourse to the battle except for speech. Language turns
against itself, my throat turning into a doubled knot - not borromean,
but something which has no intrinsic unraveling. The sexual gag be-
comes the tumescent vocal cords which, separated, exhale or inhale
only the anger's violation fabric. Everything becomes derailed; every-
thing splinters. The greater the failure, the greater the despair, the
greater the errors. Problems turn what was left of the writing into a
_mass._ The Net succeeds where it fails, fails where it succeeds. I'm
grabbed, dissolved, disinterred. (I'm folded into the violation fabric
- an image that has always accompanied me in the silence of distorted
speech.)

So much for the Net as _appliance,_ when usage turns against itself,
when the body smashes, is violently foregrounded. My shoulders and
neck begin to hurt; I develop headaches. Always, you're out of reach -
always my opportunities fail - always, I'm making errors, errors,
errors. (There are errors of content, errors of style, errors of typ-
ing, errors of judgement, errors of transmission, errors of reception
- there are errors piled on errors, errors of confusion, errors of lag
which prohibit thought, _take the mind over,_ refuse the philosophical
- in favor of the _reversal_ "teh" or the _duplication_ "tthe" or any
number of other problematically pre-symbolic operations.)

Always I _have_ been making errors - see the broken man through the
broken words. But I _don't want_ things so obvious, the ugly visage
rising through the muck. But then, there it is - there's no need to
theorize noise and parasitism as they envelop the potential for commu-
nication. So that I can write as now _off-line_ with a modicum of
success, or so I can give into the parasitic, turning error into con-
tent, shuffling it farther and farther towards the paroxysms of psy-
chosis. But these are _strategies,_ not the operations of a healthy
body, speaking freely. (Everything is always already strategy; health
is a misnomer, of course. I am in the position on the course to in-
sist: _of course._)

"But these are _strategies,_ not the operations of a healthy body,
speaking freely."

Alas, my friends, within and without, I am denied this.


