



EYEBALLING (Early history of the Net, F2F, Cyber-Relationships):


(CB: Citizens Band radio.)

"Believe it or not, we humans are, deep down, a friendly bunch of
people who enjoy making contact with each other both mentally and
physically. The natural thing when you've been talking to someone else
over the CB for some time, and having found you've got something in
common (otherwise you wouldn't have searched the CB dial so often for
each other) is to want to meet and have an 'eyeball.' As with so many
things in CB the term seems to have originated in the US and means
simply meeting the other party face to face.

"During your CB conversations you've undoubtedly conjured up visions
of each other. She may sound an absolute dream while he sounds like
your favorite film star. Much the same thing happens to many people
when they are speaking over the telephone, Mr Executive's switchgirl
sends you out of your mind with her lilting and friendly conversation
when you ring, so you make some excuse to go and see Mr Executive,
just to eyeball his switchgirl. Sometimes she lives up to your vi-
sions, other times she just doesn't have the physical charm her voice
conveys - which may tell you something about the qualities one must be
endowed with to be successful in certain positions.

"So it is with CB...don't be surprised if your regular party doesn't
meet your expectations when you finally arrange a meeting, but remem-
ber the qualities you found in the other party are still there, you
just let your imagination carry you away!

"Eyeballing can be fun, particulary if you're part of a group and you
arrange a picnic or barbecue to get everyone together. Many social
clubs in CB have been formed in this manner and the best parts of club
life are depicted in the chapter relating to CB clubs. But some words
of warning on eyeballing - it does have its dangers unless you take
some elementary precautions. Just as we've extolled the good side of
it, so we do have members of the community who are not the good, clean-
living, fun-loving people some of us may be."

(From Thomas B. Floyd, Technical Guide to Australian CB Radio, 1978.)


