



Just a Beginning


"There is a remarkable correspondence between the psychology of fasci-
nation and the architecture of suspension. Both are characterized by
an artificial timelessness, by the unreality of the present moment, by
a sense of floating, and of being disconnected. Both are _deep._ Both
penetrate the every-shifting layers of consciousness which obscure the
genealogy of the object, to unveil its hidden core of inflexibility;
its final stratum of stillness."

(From Ben van Berkel and Caroline Bos, Fluid Mass, in Architecture and
Urbanism, 95:05.)

"But the vision of architecture does not end at this point. In this
sense our argument cannot be brought to a conlusion. Architecture is
somewhat like Rorty's interpretation of Proust; it is a consequence of
authority, a portrait of time [R. Rorty, Contingency, Irony, and Sol-
idarity, Cambridge, 1989.] As time unfolds, new figures, new themes
come to the fore. There is no absolute truth to be revealed; the
change in perspective is ultimately all there is. This implies the
prioritization of a physical reality that is subject to constant
change, over the illusionary absolutism of abstract ideas. Accepting
this means accepting the end of architectural theory as we know it,
the end of its colonizing visions."

(From Berkel and Bos, Delinquent Visionaries, ibid.)

"Hey, Nikuko, what about a suspension _over_ physical reality, which
tends us to the grave, that is a suspension of belief, not disbelief -
at the top of the trestle, I freeze in perfect fear and meditation,
the world's held in abeyance, suspended; I'm fastened, fascinated, a
subject of fetishization. Here, at the perfect point of stillness, the
subject, each and every, disappears.

"The inability to _think straight_ is the beginning of thinking." says
Alan to Nikuko, what would be her reply in the game of theory, psycho-
logy of suspension, the architecture of the _detective novel_ in which
no crime has been committed - none but _the crime of speech_ itself?


