


Net Art, Appropraton, n the Dsperson.


apologze frst of all for a stupd essay whose themes go nowhere,
whose letters take up space, but hardly on the order of someone beng
bytten.

'm stupd.

To use the term "net art," am already appropratng a collocaton or
syzygy of thought, a hstory of such thought. To consttute t from
wthout, as for example, to consttute postmdernsm wthout reference
to archtectural or artworld postmodernsm, creates the possblty of
a _splay_ of practces, dscourses, functons.

Stupd stupd.

Such would be the case here, then, notng frst of all that net art s
always already a dsperson, that s an absorpton of audence to be
delvered from a varety of often ntmate locatons, nodes. That s,
ds/play resdes nowhere; only the address, abstracted, references a
concrete machne, protocols, paths, specfc fles, programs. For net
art to be _ste specfc,_ a term often used, say, n 70s crtcsm,
t need operate as an ntersttalty, an nserton n a seres of
terms, pages, applcatons, or tmes - so that ts ste s generally
constructed as a before and after - _ths_ effect followng (but not
necessarly) _that,_ or _ths_ aspect of a program actvated - or
_ths_ page affectng _that,_ and so forth.

'm so stupd.

Whatever poltcal economy there s wthn the dsperson s not deter- 
mnatve, technologcal or otherwse; even to consder net art
as a seres of practces overlooks the relatvely wde range of such.
Java, f not javascrpt, for example, as a full language, s capable
of dong what any language can do, that s, present ultmately (gven
the bandwdth) any concevable audo-vsual event across the net; the
rest depends on the recevng apparatus.

There s always already the matter of governance, codes and nterfer-
ences; f nsert an avatar nto a war program or sendmal confgura-
ton fle, what results s on the surface a breakdown n transmsson,
but also mght create a resdue or splatter, almost alve (bounced
across or through the protocols) that can be presented, dssected, n
no other fashon. So that there s a depth to the breakng or problem-
atzng of codes (n the broadest sense), and, as wth tradtonal
concept art, such a problematc may also be an experental or analyt-
cal examnaton of the codes, ther poltcal economy, ther rasters,
ther normatve and emergency modes of operatons.

Blahblah.

Remanng wthn the surface, say, of standard html codng, one can
nonetheless construct web pages through tradtonal aesthetc or de-
sgn approaches whch reflect the desres of the panter or desgner;
ths s also net art, to the effect that t partcpates n the ds-
person. On the other end of ths one-to-many stll-lfe presentaton,
there are communtes, self-desgnng (MOOs for example) or consttu-
ted largely wthn the pregven (lpMUDs for example), that nteract on
a many-to-many dynamc foundaton; these mght also be consdered net
art, as mght any desgnng work on any level of the net.

A net artst would presumably be someone who works prmarly across
the net, then (and by "net" refer to that dsperson of nterconnec-
ted networks, the nternet - not mplyng that there s ether a tot-
alty or that all such networks are accessble to all users) - n ths
manner, the artst s defned by a splay of practces nvolvng, per-
haps, computers and computer-transmssons.

s ths net art, no, yes, maybe? Now wll not nterfere.

want to emphasze dsperson (related to the concept of an "ems-
son," a sourceless semotc spray of part-objects across the socal)
and splay (a spread of technques, delveres, languages, protocols,
programs, objects, part-objects, etc.) to emphasze, frst of all, the
_suspenson_ (between transmtter and producer) that occurs n net
art, and second of all, the relaton of net art to net communty, as
n (net) art and (net) communty, snce t s well to remember both
the hgh-speed changes n the net (so that art and communty develop)
and the fact that a communty already has a broad range of subjects,
objects, practces, processes, and habt - that net art s one compo-
nent of the communty, perhaps nothng more.

(But she wll be stupd stupd. She wll be poor and cannot afford her
machne. She wll not have her machne. She wll be done wthout t. 
She wll not have her net art. She wll have none of t. She wll be
done wthout t.)

But the hstory of the web, n fact, contradcts that, snce web com-
muntes (and all others wthn the darknet - text-based older appl-
catons of the net - as well) are _consttuted_ themselves, at least
n part, from wthout; there are desgners and artsts nvolved n
everythng from ThePalace to RC bots - there are aesthetc crtera
as well nvolved (not that artsts or desgners necessarly have any-
thng to do wth aesthetcs). Languages themselves - look at Perl (and
for that matter, look at Perl poetry) - are the result of aesthetc,
as well as pragmatc (syntactc, semantc) decsons; worlds are con-
structed languages (even .jpg or .gf standards can be consdered bas-
cally lngustc n nature). On ths level, all communtes, net art,
avatars, phenomena on the net are _legble,_ well-defned, f not well
understood, able to be comprehended by everyone. (For example kanj
codng s legble to me, but not ts readng.) Whle ths sees obv-
ous, t s well to remember that the habtus n everyday lfe s not
so comprehendble, that the sgnfer leaks (across or through vsual
or other _aura_), that such thngs as the materal culture of the book
have not been gven the attenton they deserve. The body, too, s cen-
tral to everyday habtus - n a way dfferent from on-screen phenomena
whch are foreclosed. (For example, a MOO avatar exsts ndependently
of the user who created t, often endng n the body bag when the user
s off-lne. The avatar s well-defned wthn MOO programmng lang-
uage, even f t nadvertently breaks or hacks that language.)

(But she wll buld a new machne. She wll be done wth t. She wll have
t, ths new machne. She wll have done wth t.)

So that net art s legble, consttuted as such; t also oscllates
(dependng on the aesthetcs and condtons of the work - ncludng
the poltcal and fnancal economes at work) between eternty (n-
fntely reproducble, safeguarded aganst decay) and ephemeralty
(web pages come and go, are vulnerable to change from wthn or wth-
out, vulnerable to the machnes that house them and ther mrrors -
vulnerable n fact to servers, routers, and the whole apparatus of the
net (ncludng the abandonment of earler languages and applcatons
such as veronc, mm, and so forth). Net art can play wth these ssues
and consequences of temporalty (wear-and-tear, changng admnstra-
tons, even ncreased computer speeds whch render older games obso-
lete as ther runnng speed ncreases beyond that of human bandwdth);
these are factors that parallel, n hghly charged metaphorc ways,
everyday lfe outsde the computer.

Haha dd nterfere.

Net art can, of course, also program metaphors for lfe (or anythng
else) _wthn_ the computer, as everythng from the Elza program,
Conway's Lfe, A, AL, etc. demonstrates. Net art can then be hghly
process-orented, nteractve - and ths s a more common ground than
gallery art, whch mght also be nteractve, but even now tends to-
wards queter aesthetcs - n fact there s a whole aesthetcs of
contemplaton wthn modernsm that remans at work. But net art s
not _necessarly_ dynamc, even though on a techncal level t depends
on a contnuous refreshng of the screen. (One mght say that net art
s an enuncaton, that t s a dynamc sgnfcaton n ths regard -
but ths mght be pushng the phenomenology nto the apparatus.)

would say that the net tself has a tendency towards the real, by
whch mean that as bandwdth ncreases, there s a trajectory to-
wards a seamless vrtual realty of one or another sort, and that net
art occupes postons wthn ths trajectory, n the sense of the
openng of the "world of the work." ASCart for example no longer
appears cuttng-edge, no matter how t s typed/cut; t has acheved
the status of the trgnometrc, everythng solved. Newsgroups on the
other hand - whch largely use ASC- such as alt.warlords or alt.-
drty.whores or alt.adjectve.noun.verb.verb.verb, work wthn lang-
uagng worlds that relate to concept art, oulpos, epstolary novels,
and postmodern poetcs; the vrtual s constructed as n any lterary
formaton, and tends to hold ts own (n the mdst of ncreased spam,
however).

(But she wll have net art. She wll do wth net art. She wll have
net art on her new machne. She wll do wth her new machne, net
art on her new machne. She wll do wth t.)

So that f by "net art" one references, say, the vsual, n leu of or
n addton to language/typng, there s a raster to consder, a ras-
ter of ncreasng fneness and densty. And ths raster (here would
also nclude ssues of language, downloadng, RAM, etc.) demands hgh-
er bandwdths; there s a percolatng celng to the economy and class
of the dsperson, then - ssues of haves and havenots appear, whch
are dfferent from those rased by the gallery. Galleres are access-
ble, presumably, to everyone; not everyone has a Pentum V or even an
BM 286, or even relatvely free (.e. outsde of K12/U) access to
these.

Now wll not nterfere agan.

Net art of course s net art, on and off the net; there are conferen-
ces, off-lne publcatons, and so forth. One mght consder t as a
dscursve formaton, much as vdeo art also dsperses/dsports tself
across a varety of stes, all ultmately referencng the node of the
apparatus tself. Net art tends towards manfestos, poltczaton;
power seems everywhere and nowhere at all on the net, and there s the
smple fact that every net address s adjacent, just a clck away,
from every other, from government to anarchst commune. Everythng s
equally close; t may be as easy to dsrupt power as t s to commun-
cate wth a frend. The potental s always there; every ste tends
towards the web page one s lookng at. Attenton sktters; surfng s
a reasonable term for the frsson of surface phenomena and fetshza-
ton that characterzes the web.

(He wll love her new machne, her net art. He wll love her, she 
wll love her net art, her new machne.)

All of ths ponts, ths essay whch begns and then flounders, to-
wards nothng; every sentence here s hopelessly nave, and every con-
cluson, f there are any, s to be contested. have a desre to
thnk through net art as nothng more or less than another dscursve
formaton whch eerly parallels concept art - the same rgor, mys-
tque, sense of "workng the culture," seems to apply. nstead of see-
ng net art as a moment or n transton, t develops through the same
sorts of nsttutons (museums, galleres, unverstes, syndcates)
that art always has. The dfference s n the potental varety, ds-
play, splay, dsperson - all these terms sgnallng an exhauston of
praxs tself, as praxs forecloses aganst exhauston. There s often
lttle play or the relatve nformalty of hackng; there s a great
deal of asserton. Ths reflects the condton of contemporary art,
whch always has to assert tself for more than appearance's sake; n
a deep sense, at least n north amerca, no one takes t serously.

(She s not stupd on her new machne.)

The essay flounders, though, snce ths contrbutes nothng as well.
'd say 'd want to lve n such and such a communty, but wouldn't
want to desgn t. 'd say, there are spaces openng wth delght
everywhere and the messah s seven years old and wll be taken up
after death by others. 'd say, of course, that there s none such,
just as there sn't a node or vector, just as the net through the
densty of raster ncrasngly terns towards the membrane, whch 
hopelessly don't see becomng sentent anytme soon. nstead, t
parallels the rest of the culture, foreclosng, spreadng, breakng
nto peces, collapsng, coagulatng, as f there were a presence or
presences behnd the nodes.

(She does her net art on her new machne and s t not stupd on her
new machne. He loves her new machne.)
recognze 'm stupd. 'm wrtng ths on the way to Sngapore on
the way to Sydney. 'm now wrtng ths n Sngapore. Ths nert body
travels at hgh speed just to be the beng whch s _gettng any-
where,_ on the net (here) n Sngapore whch connects fne to gol.com
n Fukuoka, more stutterng to panx.com n New York. But recognze
'm stupd, the hurtlng body doesn't make a dfference, or the df-
ference t makes s n the text, whch s always already foreclosed,
always n a state of suspenson, md-ar, although there are other
bodes as f knockng on the net through forms of representaton, the
Zapatstas among them. All of these practces nteract and hear and
see them whch s a form of readng them. can't con neologsms,
nsert the "." nto net.art as f there were a break or accomplshment
by the presence of punctuaton. That s the fault of my age.

'm not 'd say stupd here.

'd say, here 'd tell you more about myself, as the essay begns to
decay from a poston t never had. But won't do that ether; t
would be words, such as mltary, amanuenss, gothc. t would be
tal-endngs such as .txt, .jpg, .cfg, .dll, .net. t would never be
.art. t would never go anywhere, but be flled wth the haphazardness
of everyday lfe. t would be lke what goes on before people get hold
of t and turn t nto a coagulaton, chapter-headngs, the true-real
lst of potentals. 'd say t's a hurtlng body. dspersed, splayed,
played, spurted, emtted. t's say t's a _luge._

(She drves the two-man luge.)


