



"There is no longer any destiny." (The Heidelberg Lecture)


Good evening.

The distance of a foreign country from the shores of one's native
land, one's customs, comforted by electronic media - television,
radio, telephone, internet - these vast distances traversed - then
there are the newspapers, magazines, email from or towards home -
there are memories, signs in windows, the glance of eyes reflected in
the windscreen of a car, the mirror of oneself carrying on, blue sky
and buildings behind one (mirrors always create the occasion for
this). The desire for a gesture readily understood, a language partic-
le taken as an understandable interrogative. Or the distance one walks
from one's friends, one's lovers, the silent compounded space of the
sidewalk or road. The surface image of the television news program,
there's just a half-hour available, continents away - there's a con-
fluence of signals, for example the fashion of the moment in the midst
of a meeting of diplomats, or background signage just blocks away from
a memorable evening.

The projections and introjections involved, the massacre of identities
and inscriptions. The memories of spaces, behaviors, what would pass
for introjections, shadow or smell or restaurant. The hysteric embodi-
ments in operation, projections of one's own body into the familiar
spaces now themselves chosen by others, presented, projected on the
television or radio. The transcendental ego suddenly finding itself
submitting to the liminal or interstitial, the uncanny shuddering of
the local country one is now embedded in, a locale always already tem-
porary, a through-passage, never a refuge or decades-old, always with
the feeling of a compromise.

-- We call this das Das, as opposed to das Ein, the One ("this is the
one, this is where I'm from, I've always loved living in the Black
Forest (Kuroi no Mori)") - and, I would say, not in opposition to the
other or others (altrui), but in terms of the same, the origin or
moment of transcendence (always already a contradiction - nonetheless
in relation to the human. That is the organism, heimich or one might
say in these circumstances, unheimich. --

        For the refugee, the net becomes the uncanny arbiter of
        the universal code. Distance brings forwards as a form of
        constituting; custom and language are limned, reproduci-
        ble. The message _to him or her_ is to everyone; based on
        the home country, it is nonetheless universal itself. It
        is customizable custom, a degree of separation from tour-
        ism, which appeals to those who are elsewhere-affiliated.
        What it promises, skitters or stutters across the world's
        dynamic information. What it gives is _output._

The _songs_ which are part of the hit-parade, chosen through who knows
what filters. The _images_ from the center, or the center's view of
the periphery. The misrecognitions across a distance which becomes in-
creasingly constituted (as well) from media input and output, shaped
by such. Recognitions which are skew. Changes in language, dialect,
slang. The predominance of the federal, of the top-down, of the disas-
ter, the economic report, the human interest story - almost always an
anomaly. The transformation into the quaint, knowledge that outsiders
are viewing as well. And / or the use of native languages, the dis-
guise and / or familiarity of the country, in the accent of the capi-
tal. The language top-down, not dissipative but foregathered culture,
not foreclosed, but _chosen_ vertices in the cultural topography.

-- We call this das Das; we also call this the _they_ in relation to
the multiplicity of connections which are, however ill-defined, always
defined by the moments of others (autrui). They are thus in-relation-
to the nexus of the self, its dialectical or interpenetrating defin-
ing which inverts upon an ego, speaking in which language? --

What is heard but not understood on the street in one's native land,
the muted tones of one's language, sounds, for example - _contours_ of
language (but they're speaking behind walls or too far away or with
street noise intervening, or they're speaking on the television, the
volume's too low, or they're speaking on the radio, the station's com-
ing from another part of the country, it's too far away, I don't under-
stand - I don't understand but I _recognize_). Meetings of roofs and
walls. Trellis shadows, pebbles underfoot.

-- We call this the specificity of the habitus, inhabitation which is
always already foregathered as a tissue or nexus, thus a turning to-
wards beings which, however, are not of the thing (das Ding). We call
this as well the insertion of the apparatus of the mirror, its support
structure (support-surface) painting the self (the canvas without sup-
port, tending towards knotting or the ground, or a deconstruction or
self-reflexivity of structure). --

I see _some of this, these_ in a film. There are others, as if there
were news from other than nowhere. It's always a word. I will have my
local native country associations, glances between me and another on
the street (we have light skins, we're related, we're from the same
continent to be sure, same country, same city, to be sure), there's
always a sense, is there not, of awkwardness, the slightest sense of
shame in this recognition (what do we have in common, we're not the
same skin color, we're not from the same continent, same country, same
city, it couldn't be that, too much of a coincidence).

        When I say hello to you, my next-door neighbor, is there
        not a transmission of an absolute foreignness; when I
        speak to my own family, is there not this gap of misrec-
        ognition, faltering under the guise of universal enlight-
        enment?

There is no longer any destiny.

-- We call this the language of the west. We called this the language
of the west. Now, we are not so sure. We call this the language of the
movement of peoples. We note the arbitrariness of the refugee, the
correlations of the crossings of borders. We note the news from abroad
which is always constituted by an increasing proliferation of media,
of hackings, of rumors, of vandalisms, of interventions of all sorts.
We note the political and corporate (inseparable) economies of such
media, incorporations, proliferations, interventions.

We note the political economy of the intervention of the other in
relation to the body of the refugee, the tourist, the international
entrepreneur, the visitor, the exile, the expatriate.

We note the _moment of the body_ and the best of intentions.

We note there is no longer any destiny.

Thank you.


