
Notes and outline for Johnstown talk:

KEYWORDS:

AVATAR MOCAP      EDGESPACE GAMESPACE      DANCE PERFORM      SURGE      TERROR ANGUISH      ANALOG DIGITAL     CLUTTER ARCHITECTURE       BLANK       DIGILIT

INTRO AND AVATAR MOCAP

1. my work dealing with the ineffable: how are the 'real' and 'virtual' entangled? -- no difference, culture all the way down. 'we are all avatars and avatars must die.' The body has always been virtual.

commodius, mocaps, examples

My work tends to deal with edge phenomena, areas of entanglement 
or confusion, appearance of glitches, and so forth. Early on I 
characterized my project as the relationship between abstract 
structures and consciousness. I've always believed that 
philosophy can be effected through modes other than writing or 
the text, that not all encounters are grounded in language, and 
that language has its own cloudy and entangled limits. 

2. mallability of 'virtual worlds' - fast-forward modeling. the jump-cut?

3. how to represent pain, sexuality, death, etc. in virtual worlds: two positions for avatars - functions and transitory objects.

EDGESPACE GAMESPACE

4. BUT and in any case - edgespace and gamespace - gamespaces within edgespaces and edgespaces within gamespaces: how are these manifest?

the BLANK of the inscribed edgespace, the blank map, the _skitter._

See BLANK -Edgespace/Gamespace:

together with the misery that ensues working inconceivably against the grain of the real - that is to say, the boundary conditions:

A. of the edgespace itself and the transformations occasioned by the edgespace; and

B. of the interiority of the edgespace -within which objects and protocols are conserved/observed.

So within B. there is a work, a level of _skill_ necessary to produce, articulate, quest - skill that operates within consensual boundaries, even to the extent that they're broken by hacking, shortcuts, etc. Here in B. the issue is that of etiquette.

In A. the situation is different; at the edgespace, what occurs is not an _event_ but collapse or murmurs of _procedures_ within fold catastrophies - always on the verge of failure. The edgespace is also _sedimented_ - to the extent that sediments can be entangled - one might move for example to a new physics, the gamebrowser might crash, there is always something new, some new anomaly at work...

I think of the interiority, that is the gamespace, as a space of etiquette which is always a space of the blank - not smooth striations, but a phenomenological ennui, since falling through this space leads only to more quests, more hordings, within a containment that takes on the semblance of a _carapace._ That is, one is shape-riding, share-holding - there's an economics involved, structures of rules and protocols, protocol suites - all porous, hackable, all resulting in signs, signifiers, within the gamespace - all intrinsically related to an other economics of exhaustion.

The edgespace borders on the universe. The edgespace _gapes._

Who or what moves in the edgespace? What terrors, anguish, what absolute creations and annihilations? And as well, what temporalities, what fictitious _points of origin_ - everywhen, everything, on a sliding scale - a scale in the form of the _law,_ not of justice. Justice has no place within or without the game, within or without the gamespace.

Justice requires the luxury of thought, the alcove, stoa; law requires the nomadic, the corral, the seething settings and withdrawals of iniscriptions which are fundamentally transparent...

The edgespace is _indescribable,_ just as anomaly exists as instantaneous, as seizure, nothing more.

But _here,_ it is where everything, everywhen, begins.


DANCE PERFORM

5. with DANCE: the physical body - so that no matter how obscure the image/imaginary - it's based on physical reality on the body, flesh, and its possibilities: how are these in virtual worlds? altered mocap, the physical difficulty of altered mocap.
 / alterations in dance  duetavatargrange involuntary
http://www.foofwa.com/production/choreiagraphies/
 second life performance
REVREV: music of anticipation

SURGE

6. all of this against or within the SURGE: the absolute entanglement of values in relation to an Absolute, a Text. the exponential growth of knowledge - cosmology's hysteria. so that our peripherality increasingly appears as such. the world has at best a two-year shelf life. the world is _always already._

Surge Compendium Essay
Two-year shelf-life of the world
http://map.ipviking.com/
The surge and overthrow of all valuations - 
exponential increase of theoretical/scientific knowledge
how to beware the humanities!

Surge is the overthrowing of all values, ideologies, and structures.
It is the absolute overthrowing of all histories, privacies, persons.
It is the total extinction of all species, including our own.
It is the scorching of the scorching of the earth.
Let's talk about this. Let's build around the surge.
Let's build around the dying and absolute annihilation. Let's do it.

surgery is from surge, to cut from the body, annihilate;
to surge is to purge, purjery, annihilate the truth, violate
the body politic, violate the corporeal body; to surge is
to annihilate the corporeal politic and the political corpus;
to annihilate is to swallow space and time; to swallow 
space-time; to annihilate surgery and the potential for
surgery; to embrace space and time. thus the 'blown-out' body
of the ancients is the eliminated/purged/expurgated body, the
eviscerated body, the absent body, the absence of absence,
hence dependent-arising. thus the dependent-arising is the
totality of space and time, emptied of body and surgery: that
is the Surge.










TERROR ANGUISH

7. and all of this against the horizon of mass extinctions, proliferation of weapons within and without national boundaries, hackings and darknets and the increasing porosity of the world. think as well of police violence, 
of religious absolutisms, global warming, anti-intellectualism etc.) >> we try to do our best, to heal, to warn, to harm no one. <<


Facing Pain Text

Facing, what?

If we face evil, comprehend it, examine it, watch those videos,
does that reduce us to catatonia? Does that empower us to act? 
Does it reduce us to fear and trembling, to terror?

It's not enough to say, this is the way the world has always 
been; the world, now, is not as it has always been.

Or is it enough to insist on the long lens, reach, of history, 
to insist that the past itself will teach us, that we can learn 
from it's - our - "mistakes"?

Another approach - this has nothing to do with us; this is the 
work of a miniscule number of people; this is the work of the 
made, the depraved, criminals; this is the work of the lost; of 
the disenfranchised; of this or that group. But is this not also 
our group, isn't there, yet, the shade of Adolf Eichmann, the 
normalcy of evil? Then what is this?

Or this is for or against or the result of, neoliberalism - but 
this has always been with us, this resides within us, this 
defines us, at least a part of us.

Or that this is the result of social media, of technologies 
that spread everything everywhere, this is the result of the 
disseminated messenger. But social media, oral histories, 
ballads, newspapers, tablets, rumor, gossip, languagings, have 
also always been with us.

Or that ethology plays a role, sociobiology, that this is part 
of our primate heritage, that we may or may not overcome. Yes, 
and then what?

At the heart of all of this - absolute violence and anguish,
textual and oral inerrancies, symbolic acts and always 
totalization, the violence inherent in language and its 
recoding of histories.

At the heart of _all_ of this, death, and the erasure of death.

Addenda (prepared for the Empyre discussion:

[...]"Amery argued, was that torture destroyed the world as the 
sufferer previously knew it. One of the most 'fundamental 
experiences of human beings', he observed, was the 'expectation 
of help': hot-water bottles, cups of tea, analgesics are 
routinely given to those in pain. In contrast, 'with the first 
blow from a policeman's fist, against which there can be no 
defense, and which no helping hand will ward off, a part of our 
life ends and it can never be revived'."

(Joanna Bourke, The Story of Pain, quoting Jean Emery, At the 
Mind's Limits.)


Inconceivable extinctions, anthropocene
Absolute terror, ISIS, performance, empyre
ISIS texts in pratt.txt etc.
Logic of universal terror
Scorched earth, genocide, annihilation
Universal war, global warming
War against War: show book

Archaeology of scorched earth
Problems of the broken world broke11.png (dance)

The undoing of what is to be done
Failure as a consequence of art: 

I realized my talk last night ignored the most obvious
characteristic of the terror/virtual world/ISIS videos: that the
videos themselves are failures, that their creation was also a
bridge over anguish, they they are not of descent or collapse,
but signs of unutterability at best. Nothing can approach
cessation of annihilation: what ceases, on the far side, no
longer exists (or exists only within the contractual, wills and
codicils, memories of forms already, like snow-ice geology, not
under, but within the sign (itself decaying) of erasure. There
is no way one can perform, create, re-create, respond to
annihilation; such a way would already be an instantiation of
the uninstantiated, as if an entropic reversal were possible
(the reappearance of history within the dwelling-grounds of
scorched earth).


7a. the intractable problems of the world:
overpopulation, environmental degradation and extinctions, global warming, increased violence with more powerful weaponery, enclaving of wealth, biotech and new diseases across biomes, global communication darknets and spread of absolutisms.

The Broken World, we're marooned.
Constantly the exponential increase in knowledge.

Intractable Problems:

The first intractable mechanism: Overpopulation. The planet is 
close to its carrying capacity, and there's no end to population 
increase. The demographics are skewed towards young reproducers; 
exponential growth lumbers on. The result is more mouths to 
feed, more strains on the environment, more slash and burn, more 
hillside slums, more bush-meat, more overcrowding, less jobs, 
more local war.
Clutter Images: hyper-particles = blank: sense/senselessness

The second intractable mechanism: Environmental degradation 
which has reached the point of no return. Consider the 
plasticization of the oceans, the post-tipping point of animal 
and plant extinctions, the increasing desertification 
world-wide, the loss of biological diversity. The anthropocene 
is not the usual planetary rise and fall; it's the greatest, the 
fastest, the most violent, extinction. The world is already 
destroyed; Gaia or its equivalent, is over. Something will 
remain, future adaptive radiations, but it won't be us: every 
species will be invasive, and the world, for the foreseeable 
future, will swarm.
Extinctions: Dropping SL Platforms
Violence of a denuded planet

The third intractable mechanism: Global warming which is also 
global redistribution of currents and weather flow. This is also 
irreversible, past the tipping-point. The results are harrowing: 
record-setting droughts and floods, enormous hurricanes, tornado 
swarms, irreversible sea-level rises, and so forth. This is the 
classical catastrophe (Rene Thom): the fragility of the good 
descends to chaotic phenomena, and practical measures, theory, 
containment, is always after the fact.

The fourth intractable mechanism: Increased violence and local/ 
global warfare: again, with limited resources, this will only 
grow worse. Territories split and compete; the lines are 
religious, ethnic, geographic, historic etc.; brutality 
increases as humans turn more and more to the rigidity of 
absolute/inerrant ideologies, and fortified binary oppositions - 
classical logics - gain strength as ideological instrumentality. 
This turn to the right, where the free press, women's rights, 
science and self-critique etc., are all viewed with suspicion; 
the left (if these binaries still exist at all) is an endangered 
species.

The fifth intractable mechanism: The vast sea of weaponry and 
the nuclear arsenal available to all; it is only a matter of 
time before a dirty bomb or nuclear device is detonated, the 
equivalent of over-fishing, trawling, the sea bottom. Scorched 
earth returns to scorched earth; there are no longer resources 
for rebuilding as poverty and social chaos increase in the 
world. History, archaeological sites, villages, nations, records, 
are erased; history is no longer visible, readable; reading 
itself becomes suspect.

The sixth intractable mechanism: Enclaving of the rich and 
income disparity exponentially increasing; the result is 
hoarding of resources and increased poverty as noted. This 
enclaving extends, crudely, to nations; the U.S. for example 
uses far more resources per capital than almost any other 
country; the U.S. prison system is itself a flux of pure 
capital, privatization, the largest in the world. Prisons are 
less efficient than pure disappearance; even so, population 
growth more than makes up for the violent loss of life around 
the planet. Think as well of local militias, including police 
forces that, first and foremost, look after their own, by any 
means possible. 

The seventh intractable mechanism: Antibiotics and spread of 
disease across varying species; as sludge and clutter increase 
world-wide, the opportunity for endemic disease increases. 
Disease vectors are driven by population vectors, by poor health 
practices, by hunger and poverty. Understand that overpopulation 
is behind all of this, a developing horizon, just like hacking 
and criminal gangs are a developing horizon of violence and 
seizure. There's no more living off the grid; off the grid is on 
the grid, within mechanisms and horizons. We're all in the ship, 
we're all marooned. 

The eighth intractable mechanism: Global communication networks 
granting power and encrypted communication among activist 
groups, including local militias and extremists. populations. 
These networks are temporary, because the Net and its cousins 
are subject to hacking on a inconceivable scale; security simply 
can't keep up without infringing on the rights of others - 
without replacing one ideology by another, far harsher. The Net 
and privacy are porous, and subject to the seven mechanisms 
above. With so much data and control in the cloud/s, with so 
much control and personal information in the hands of 
monopolistic corporations, gangs and governments, there's no 
doubt that we're seeing the tip of a cyberwar iceberg that will 
do violent damage far beyond the Sony fiasco - damage that will 
extend to (for example) power, health, military, and financial 
grids as well.

We must begin to think of these mechanisms as both interlocked 
and environmental - i.e. constituents of a global and 
catastrophic horizon: much as the Club of Rome developed a model 
of interrelated flows in their relatively doomsday scenarios, we 
have to see this horizon as a holarchy of entangled mechanisms. 
The difference is that the mechanisms today are chaotic and 
unpredictable: there are events (primate extinctions, violent 
storms, the rise of violent fundamentalism, hacking of financial 
institutions, etc.) that are both destructive and fissured into 
any (ideological or instrumental) coherency that might have 
appeared as "explanatory" in the heady days of modernism which 
still inform us.

What fascinates me is the global appearance of these mechanisms 
in the large: there's a kind of simplicity in their 
phenomenology that dissolves quickly upon closer inspection. But 
the simplicity isn't contradicted by the details; global 
warming, for example, doesn't reverse because the north-east 
United States is having record cold spells. The overall 
configuration of the world is based on strange attractors, which 
proceed, literally, in any case; we're steerage, not steering. 
(The technophilic ideology of progress, paradigm shifting, and 
cleverness does a disservice here, promising techno-utopias just 
around the corner - or already here - while in reality the 
beheadings and bush-meat continue to ravage.)

(I think, at the least, of a curriculum focused on these 
mechanisms - but to what end? Past the tipping-point, things 
will continue to deteriorate until the anthropocene extinction 
does final damage. I can imagine the very rich escaping at some 
point, but to where, with what rockets, with what supplies? We 
are living in the ruin of a total institution called the global; 
we go down with the ship, in steerage. And steerage is now the 
corrosion of the dream of the West at the very least, as Plato's 
cave becomes the hold of a ship floundering on polluted waters.)

7b. how does one deal with pain and anguish? how does one deal with any of 
this?

The world seems to be descending into chaos of a qualitatively
different dis/order, one characterized by terror, massacre,
absolutism. Things are increasingly out of control, and this
chaos is a kind of ground-work itself - nothing beyond a
scorched earth policy, but more of the same. What might be a
cultural or artistic response to this? How does one deal with
this psychologically, when every day brings new horrors? Even
traditional analyses seem to dissolve in the absolute terror
that seems to be daily increasing.

How does one
live within the knowledge of annihilation? How does one produce
within such, in response to such? What is the conceivable
meaning of such production? Is meaning itself obliterated to
such an extent that even suicide becomes a useless act?
 == relate to American violence

ANALOG DIGITAL

8. brief note on analog/digital: the splitting/divisibility of the world bit by bit: what happens to evidence and truth itself? - attention-spans, gaming, cleverness.

CLUTTER ARCHITECTURE

9. the difficulty of cosmology, mathesis, the world. the dialog between form and formlessness. and so many fundamental constants, the slowing-down of the universe, etc. we may not survive to know any more than we do now 
(or in the immediate future).

Absolute alien
Shapelessness, fungi, slimemolds and rewriting tree of life

10. the _surge,_ the _inconceivable._ think as well of the inextricable, Indra's mirrors, the 'knotting' and unraveling /raveling of the world.

BLANK

11. the Blank - blank of edgespaces, fulfillment by imaginary structures, 
teleologies - the geographic blank - the 'North' - 'desert' - 'jungle' - 'cosmos' etc.

Blank: the blank of edgespace
 inscription and blank in gamespace (center and rules/roles)
 inscription and blank in edgespace (boundary, absence, ennui)
phenomenology of the blank Blank 2-hour+ video
far northern maps, maybe Nova Scotia book?
MacGrid blank-space, local-host blank space:
distinction between fissure and inscription


DIGILIT

12. tending/transparency - analog
 raster/protocols - digital
 - both participate in the world at large, different modes
culling
 perl programming, scripting
 second life performance
suicide.mov pain.mov etc.

13. on to my work/categories (and the works themselves cross categories).

