

ISIS COMPENDIUM

ISIS: Logic of Universal Terror

[for all]X{not X --> 0}
Therefore not X is taken to 0 (null set)
Therefore not X is always already processed to 0
Therefore not X is equivalent to 0
Therefore not x is identical to 0
Therefore X --> V (universal set)
Therefore X is always already processed to V
Therefore X is equivalent to V
Therefore X is identical to V

why are monotheists such bitter and miserable people?  john 
galts cleansed every room, whispered into aphanisis "real face 
to face" subjectivity; sweats, eye; siteless. "aphanisis " 

             this came on the heels of a first post I wrote 
thinking about ISIS and the idea of exclusion - from for all x 
not x tends towards zero - to x is identical with the universal 
set, not x is identical with the null set. I'm playing off ideas 
of purity and exclusion - things like the Pale etc. or the 
theory in Kristeva's Powers of Horror or the earlier Mary 
Douglas' (sp?) Purity and Danger. that which is not for me, in 
other words, is against me, and must be annihilated, and 
annihilation must be carried out to the limit. so for me the 
movement is from 'sending' or projecting not-x into the null 
set, to making it equivalent, to making it identical - a 
movement maybe from epistemology to ontology - the not-x become 
- _are_ inherently non-being, eliminated. -


             X doesn't equal not-X. The world divides and 
hardens between X and not-X; it's a classical division so that 
the intersection of X and not-X is the null set. What I'm trying 
to present is the idea of an expulsion and an annihilation of 
what's expelled. ISIS wants a purified caliphate with only 
believers; non-believers are expelled or murdered. Could you 
elaborate on the rest of your post? I'm trying to say then that 
the annihilation is that of the Other - the Other isn't 
permitted to survive, and with the death of the Other, the Other 
becomes identified with 0.

             because it's about ISIS and this is the second in 
the series -
             trying to come to grips with annihilation when for 
example beheading occurs, not only to foment terror, but as an 
act of piety, as part of the natural order of things -
             in the above, a signal is sent, becomes furious, 
begins to dissolve, the dance is violent and sexual like a 
machine gun
             amounting to firing a gun but now up close, the 
taste of the gristle, trophy of the severed head, or there were 
hands chopped, eyes gouged
             at times anything that can be removed
             what does this, where is a response, what is this?


ISIS EXPANSION BY FORCE AND TERROR

FORCE = TERROR
WORD = NOTHING

or think of it like this:
for all X, not-X tends towards zero, not the null set
a move from set theory to simple arithmetic
whatever isn't x must be eliminated 
numbers brought down until the slate is cleansed kill-delete
then not-X = 0, the epistemology is complete
and in the future not-X is identical with zero -
- history erased, ontology cleansed - fundamentals

ISISMACHINE

ISISMACHINE i can't do this
it doesn't come out right comes out wrong
ISIS = perfect humanism
demarcation and classification of the world
if you're not part of the answer you're part of the problem
anyone can use the slogan ISIS = mathesis
i am an arm of the equation i can't do this
why are you not seeing new ISIS philosophy
there's none other = ISIS exists
too many endgames at play 
too many games the war machine ISISMACHINE is machine
is machine broken is perfect machine
art-philosophy machine sex machine i can't do this
i can't do this i just can't do this

ISISTHEY keep on coming

_the they._ _the they_ mask. _the they_ masquerade.
already forced into a vanishing of alterity. already _they_ won.
already he won. already leaders. already led.
the violence of _the they._ the violence of a leader.
_they_ buy us into _their_ myth. _they_ caress us.
_our_ myth.

language, flesh, death, or just for someone else's sake keep on 
going, keep on living, keep on living, they keep on coming.  
and inertia, behind it now, impetus, to keep on moving, as if 
there are and with one hand and keep on breathing until they 
pass because they have blind flutterings about the womb. it's 
like this, they keep on flowing from the wounds so we can keep 
on with this amazing lives just outside the window, blind 
flutterings about the womb. you decide hope manage find some 
peace doing it, keep on, keep on living. we've got that and they 
keep on coming, keep on going, i'm afraid i have to keep on 
living in this hated world - you'd have to keep on living, deal 
with them - so they don't fall down, they keep on moving - so 
you don't fall down, you keep on moving - blind flutterings 
about the womb

he's going to keep on going, they keep on flowing from the 
wounds so i hold on - all that remains imminent, perhaps less, 
unresonant, so i keep on them, and those walls keep on crackling 
and the light keeps coming through, than that which you've 
already found, you have to keep on, keep on flowing from the 
wounds you decide hope manage find some peace doing it, keep on 
already across cliffs unafraid 2 fall & get up again and keep 
on, they keep on coming, they keep on coming, _they_ keep on


ISISLURE the disk of ISIS

.(can't put up a lot of these images. imaginary show of them.)

.ISISLURE allure extasis

.dilatation or distension of a hollow organ 
.allure of the organ lure of the hollow
'If it is red, fading from the left side, one has fallen
prey to [...] the religious protectors.'
'If the colour is dark, one has fallen prey especially
to [...] the Lord of Death.'

.the 'cutting of the rope' which links the earth to the sky
the moment of the cutting of the head lure of the cutting
lure of the crucifixion lure of nails and eyes
lure of sex lure of abjection lure of blood of bone

'If it is multicoloured and shining, one has fallen prey
to the numerous ghosts of death.'

.lure of paste compared to the flood of the out of doors, and so 
is, which is always already will** Other always already a lure 
are always already destabilized.** form of seduction, the lure.

.primary content the lure .that "_object a, lure or masquerade, 
there's no return.

.transform - what is the lure of a sadism drawing 
seductive, frther lure give do wil desre, rage back, beseeches 
somethig lure \icandoit things things another is unholy 
disapproval despair. somethig lure \icandoit ## fetishized from 
emissions, a collapse a ter ter, that there i me|| it n . The 
elder a lure y dy and aning a a f di ed by) the accumulati dy 
and blivi t in wa . The elder a lure y f the b are b n b t in wa 
. The elder a lure y teric, deliri f c cati t in wa u I +++

'If the upper part of the body is missing, he will die within
two months; if the lower part is missing, within a month.'


The End of the Tunnel. You will be Pure-Perfect and Ready for
any Emergency. There will be Emergency and you will be Ready.
For it.

...because of something emerging at the far end of the tunnel...
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins wounding himself, hes 
...because of something emerging at the far end of the tunnel...
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins hurting himself, hes 
...because of something emerging at the far end of the tunnel...
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins slashing himself, hes 
...because of something emerging at the far end of the tunnel...
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins slicing himself, hes 
...because of something emerging at the far end of the tunnel...
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins touching himself, hes 
...because of something emerging at the far end of the tunnel...
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins smashing himself, hes 
the end of the tunnel at his back has
the end of the tunnel at his back





ISIS negative theology

"The end approaches, now it's too late to tell the truth about 
the apocalypse. But what are you doing, all of you will still 
insist, to what ends do you want to come when you come to tell 
us, here now, let's go, come, the apocalypse, it's finished, I 
tell you this, that's what's happening."

Derrida, Of an Apocalyptic Tone Newly Adopted in Philosophy, in 
Derrida and Negative Theology, ed. Coward and Fosbay, 1992

Warrior Lure Allure

Promise the Warrior a softbed in a fourstar hotel. Promise the 
Warrior black coolfabric sheen. Promise the Warrior ferociouslit 
facemask debric. Promise the Warrior fullfood and lean womenmen. 
Promise the Warrior lean womenmen revolutionfuturefun. Promise 
the Warrior radiotablet truenews wheels and medical. Promise the 
Warrior thatperson thisperson yourperson. Promise the Warrior 
yourperson here. Promise the Warrior stateposition everfuture. 

Harrpy Power... On the left, yet another sceeen from Irak 
Warrior online. Harrpy Power... On the left, yet another sceeen 
from Irak Warrior online. Of Flags under Movement of Warriors 
nei<br> Warriors dall'intoccabile Jamison ,e poco considerato 
dal suo Harrpy Power... On the left, yet another sceeen from 
Irak Warrior online. Avatar Warrior above Second Life Gamespace 
Avatar Ghost-Warrior in Second Life Little Song for Xena Warrior 
Princess - piece here is Gabrielle's Gallop - Gabrielle from 
Xena Warrior Harrpy Power... On the left, yet another sceeen 
from Irak Warrior online! So lean so hard so allure!

They came from nowhere. They came from beneath the earth. They 
came from Mars. They came from Venus. They came from outer 
space. They ate in a softbed in a fourstar hotel. They ate
fullfood and womenmen. They ate that person this person your 
person. They got to stateposition everfuture. They got to lean 
womenmen with hardcocks. They got to screen the left. They got 
to gamespace leanspace. They got to Avatar Warrior.

death of representation

i'm sick of pictures.
i can't make more pictures. 
everything i touch dies. i touch myself.
i can't make more pictures of myself.
i was embedded in machinery and i'm not embedded in machinery.
i look in the machinery of a mirror and my bones fall off.
my bones fall off before i'm robbed of them. 
before i'm robbed of neoliberalism.
before late capitalism's stolen from me.
before i plead guilty for being alive.
i plead guilty! i am still alive!


BLANK TEXT

Outline for a Talk on Blank that can't be Given 

Outline for a Talk on Blank that can't be Given (That is 
inconceivable that it could be given, that it is inconceivable 
that it might occur without contradiction, that it might say 
anything, that anything might be said):

*/Thanks to Bruce Barber, Foofwa d'Imobilite, Tom Zummer./*

My work tends to deal with edge phenomena, areas of entanglement 
or confusion, appearance of glitches, and so forth. Early on I 
characterized my project as the relationship between abstract 
structures and consciousness. I've always believed that 
philosophy can be effected through modes other than writing or 
the text, that not all encounters are grounded in language, and 
that language has its own cloudy and entangled limits. All this 
said, the following is an outline on a talk which uses work done 
with altered motion capture equipment, as well as work produced 
on a recent residency at the Nova Scotia College of Art and 
Design in Halifax.

1. Philosophical work pushed to the limits:

-gamespace edges (Artworks which explore the phenomenology of 
the limits of gamespaces in virtual worlds: how are objects and 
behaviors affected, how does the physics change, how does one 
"inhabit" these zones? Do the zones have strict boundaries 
themselves? Can one speak of a broken game, or a suite of 
behaviors and objects that open elsewhere?

-client or server overloading (Using massive particle sprays, 
fields of objects, etc., all near the client or server limits: 
what happens when the space or atmosphere becomes clogged? How 
does avatar control become entangled with the gamespace 
environment?)

waller.mp4

-altered motion-capture/behavioral spaces (What happens when 
mocap alterations result in software overload, so that the 
simulation breaks down? Formally, the avatar image becomes 
immobile and "sits" in a lotus position. What is the experienced 
of enforced stasis in relation to disparate movement elsewhere?)

-software-dependent, see economic exhaustion below (Different 
software produces different results of course: what is the 
typology of glitches?)

[situations where structure collapses:

-where structure and the symbolic can't be recuperated (Where 
there's no return, where the vectors quickly end up entropic, 
where chaos dissolves into noise.)

-where the symbolic is limited by the _game of extension_ (So 
that, for example, the gamespace or mocap edge is characterized 
by particular behavioral regimes: the game then moves the edge 
elsewhere or creates a catastrophic anomaly. Once this is 
absorbed and con/figured, the game moves elsewhere. Sooner or 
later, the game of extension dissolves into the cold death of 
the universe.)

edge_3.mp4

How are these experienced? Does experience always translate into 
text? What is the textuality of experience? What is the 
dissolution of textuality?]

2. Exhaustion of symbolic space, the blank: (The blank is a 
state where [    ] is emptied but always already virtual, where 
the blank is the site of introjection/projection.)

whiteouts.mp4

-blizzard whiteout example (The whiteout of the blizzard images 
and videos: nothing visible but a seething, the fogged details 
at the edge of the frame pointing towards nothing, the seething 
incapable of geometrical meshing or interpretation as 
"mandala.")

blizzard09.jpg blizzarda08.mp4

-recapitulation through contouring (Noise reduction operations 
on blizzard and similar images: when the contour lines reveal 
nothing, where the inchoate roams among and through protocol 
suites. A busy seething might blockade imaginary projections; 
nothing survives the seething.)

north.mp4

-maps of far north, Mandeville (Looking at maps of Mandeville's 
Travels 15th century or 19th maps of exploration in the far 
north: the landscape - what constitutes shorelines, land and 
water - dissolves into the inchoate. The blankness of maps is 
described early on by the presence of "Dragons" and later by a 
sense of the uncanny. Again, these are limit spaces, edge 
spaces, gamespaces defined by no games, unpopulated except in 
relation to the imaginary. Here and elsewhere, what does 
consciousness _do?_.)

3. Back to 1 - conceivable limits to scientific explanation:

-multiverse (Other universes, if they exist, may be totally out 
of communication with our own; there may always be limits 
to cosmological observation.)

-economic exhaustion in particle accelerators (Brillouin hints, 
I think, that there may be deep and inherent ties between 
economic surplus and fundamental particle research; for example, 
particle accelerators operate up to certain energetic limits, 
and it would take increased expenditure to go beyond them. The 
universe might then be imagined to have an economic structure. 
High-energy cosmic rays point otherwise, but there are always 
going to be energy limits.)

-Planck constants (What might or might not occur "beyond" the 
Planck length or Planck time. The universe may or may not appear 
obdurate. The gamespace/edgespace of the universe might then be 
described by the game of extension. The description, I think, 
even if completely predictive on a certain level, has, at the 
asymptote, a blank.)

4. Roger Williams' theology (Roger Williams, the "founder" of 
Rhode Island, has a complex theology based on the broken 
succession of baptism from the beginning. Because of the break, 
the religious gamespace is inherently broken; each believer must 
decide everything for himself or herself. One might choose to 
become a searcher, or one might bypass the spiritual altogether. 
It's up to the individual; there is no inerrancy involved, no 
inherent law. Law is necessary for communal structure; it's a 
question of the State, not of the State's foundation. Think of 
the Law as a game, criminality existing near the edges of the 
gamespace, then absorbed. Without theological legitimation, 
there is a blank at work; the interplay between consciousness 
and structuration is cultural work

williams04.jpg

5. Erhu (two-string Chinese bowed instrument)

-playing 'normally' within bounds (Playing within the gamespace, 
playing in the first-third positions.)

-playing near the bridge: transformation to mimetic function 
(Fingering within 2-3 centimeters of the bow; the gamespace is 
transformed to mimesis: sonic imitation, or ikonic sound, 
without reference or intervalic structure.)

erhu1.mp3

-mimetic function as inert (At the edge of the gamespace, the 
sound transforms into substance. Think of falling out of the 
game, beginning another game, one of chaotic "noise." The game 
becomes a game of extension; the game of extension transforms 
the phenomenology of the musical structure.)

-blank (The structure becomes blank, becomes hiss; the structure 
becomes the substance of sound. Eventually the edge of the field 
is reached: If not now, when? If not now, where? As the fingers 
approache the bridge, there is as much of an infinite choice as 
ever; infinities map 1-1 linearly. But the sound itself tends 
towards higher ultrasonics; whatever the measurement apparatus, 
listening device, that too can be surpassed.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/install2.mp4

(I think as well here, of the work Azure Carter and I have done 
with Foofwa d'Imobilite, which tends towards similar edges and 
noise at times; I'm thinking especially of the Involuntaries 
which are available online.)

http://www.foofwa.com/production/choreiagraphies/

6. In all of the above, one might say, within any cultural game, 
there are limits, edges, blank spaces, games of extension, and 
extension beyond extension that becomes immeasurable, chaos or 
noise without the potential of a return trajectory. Think of the 
energy of the vacuum, virtual particles, annihilation limits in 
terms of receptors: any receptor may be surpassed, there is 
always surplus bandwidth, without recuperation, reconstitution. 
How does subjectivity deal with this, concern itself with this?

radiations.mp4 

7. At the other end of these broken totalities there are filters 
which process incoming and structure outgoing. The filters 
operate within protocol suites, layers of organization that 
transform information. The suites themselves are always 
transforming; they loosely define the gamespace, and to this 
extent, they might be considered closed circulations within 
potential wells. But wells themselves have tunnels, nothing is 
secure, and artifacts within the world are at best temporary 
stases. All of this simultaneously fits together and falls 
apart; all of this coheres and is incoherent, and this in any 
case is the talk on blank that can't be given, that is 
inconceivable that it might occur, that it might say anything, 
that anything might be said.

http://www.alansondheim.org/blanking.mp4

