



On and Off the Net: The Segment


I am _yoked_ to the computer; I "check into" the Net usually three or
more times a day - once, at the very least. It (this activity, behavior,
obsession) appears as an addiction - being _on_ is often at the back of
my mind - the time of login decided well in advance. (I think myself
through this. I am _intended_ within a given phenomenological project,
teleology.) If I am traveling, I need to consider where I am going, what
sort of current is available, what sort of phone connections. Do I log
on long-distance to my own provider, through the provider of a friend,
through a university connection or a cyber-cafe? What sort of protocols
are needed? Do I work through a shell-account and my own communications
program on my laptop? Do I work through an IP account, using manual
dialup on my trumpet winsock software? Do I use another computer alto-
gether, with its own programs - for example Ewan or telnet through Net-
scape or at the Win 95 DOS prompt? Will the DNS lookup match? (What
about Macs?)

Some of these questions I can answer in advance; some require configur-
ing. Even at home I worry the issue - but only in terms of time - I'll
log in tonight to see if X has responded, if Y wants to continue the
conversation.

There are times I will catch Z on-line, move over to ytalk or a MOO or
talker; if I'm on my desktop machine, I may use Linux and my local
talkers or ytalk. I can invite Z into my machine, into the heart of it.
I can go with Z to another site altogether, chat there. I can chat with
Z on IRC from Mirc in Windows or Phoenix otherwise. Z and I can war
program together, if he or she has the time.

"Into the heart of it": I see you enter my machine, the modem lights
wildly flickering. You and I together, circulations occurring locally,
the computer re-presenting the body. I am segmented across the Net,
within my machine as well. We are _electronic._

So there are times to consider, people coming on- and off-line as the
local day and night progress. I am segmented, in other words, by the
other to the extent I want to engage her or him directly, want to col-
lapse lag to the minimum. Lag increases as well with distance; the far-
ther I am from him or her, the less likely I am to work with synchron-
ous applications, since the delay becomes frustrating. Local and delib-
erate delay can be seductive; arbitrary delay can lead to high levels of
anxiety and an inability to _speak_ (I have written of this elsewhere.)

_I have written of this elsewhere._

(Beyond lag, one might consider Net time as somewhat absolute, just as
an email header carries fairly exact information about departure and
arrival. _Where_ the nodes are can be more difficult to ascertain; even
if the city or university is known, the _exact_ location usually isn't.
In real life, the situation is somewhat reversed; I generally know
_where_ I am to a fair degree of accuracy [and what attitude my body is
in - what configuration], but, unless I am "watching the time," the
_when_ of my daily activities is blurred - as is the concept of the
present itself.)

Segmenting compartmentalizes my life as well; I am aware of two worlds,
two callings, each of which interpenetrates the other. At times I think
of these worlds as differing epistemologically, but more and more I find
that there is an ontological component as well; I am _different_ and
_differently composed_ off-line than on-. The absenting of the body is
different, the role of the imaginary and its idealities is differently
constructed. On the Net I am always already aware of being constituted
in such a manner that I am deeply framed - I can change myself (although
almost always I choose not to). This is a frame which, in dialectical
interaction with the protocols, softwares, hardwares, and applications,
is mobile, given simultaneously from within and without, but with the
emphasis on the former (I can delete her, I can invite him in, I can
change me). The off-line frame begins with the given, of which I am a
recipient; gender-change is far more difficult, mobility is limited by
the fact that _the body, to get from A to B, must traverse all the in-
termediary positions between them._

I have written of this elsewhere, within the segmented divisions of the
Internet Text.

Having written extensively of these differences, I need only note the
tensions among them as one moves on and off line, tensions which are
part of what Kristeva might consider the borderline personality of our
time. It is in the interstices that fantasms, neuroses, hysterias oc-
cur - those intermittent or diffused areas, those uncontrollable and
dispersing regimes - dreams, for example, in which scrolling text plays
a role, or on-line behavior conditioned by an uncanny feeling that she
or he is _in the room now_ with me, just around the corner, above,
below, to one or another side.

Segmenting is always already composed of the interstitial, liminal; it
is not a cyclical series (it never returns to the same), but one that
continues roughly, indefinitely. It is a _stuttered_ series, hardly
spoken, hardly capable of speech and phenomena. There are rites of log-
ging on, logging-on. There are moments when the rites are forgotten, in
the midst of writing a text or walking a mountain. But they are always
part of the horizon, as I have said, always present, always constructing
a degree of separation among realms - just as a code word (safe word)
might operate within the theater of sado-masochism.

The rites ensure that _neither one world nor the other is stable,_ that
there is no conceivable stability among them. The rites ensure that one,
two, worlds lend themselves to one, two, three, many worlds, just as
gender reversal leads to one, two, many genders. What opens up on and
off the Net is a _dispersion or splay of subjectivities,_ imminent and
immanent destabilizations which are, at best, temporarily existing with-
in the potential wells defined by the rites. Each exists as a slide into
another - and one might make a case that it is the on-line world that
eventually succeeds as the body succumbs to illness, accident, death.
(It is to be noted, as well, that the _logics_ employed here, themselves
splayed across the "real" and the "virtual," are non-distributive, quan-
tum in nature, that the dispersions are stochastic, uncontrollable, and
inductive. Such I believe is the nature of organism itself, especially
in its interaction with structures, protocols, or frameworks.)

But in the meantime, during the segment of existing life or existing
conscious life (within or without the screen), there is of course the
element of _addiction,_ guaranteed by this repetitive behavior in
relation to _such and such a node or vector,_ that is, what is called
"cyberspace," this accumulation of computer-mediated-practices. The
longer off-line, the greater the anxiety, as mail builds up and the
account threatens to stall. The longer off-line, the greater the feeling
that some _essential_ communication is present and waiting - and that
this communication _might not wait forever._ The speed of the Net
creates the appearance of urgency, immediacy - X has written _here and
now_ and "for that matter" X might still be on-line. There is a real
fear of rejection, abandonment, at work; there is the dull or mute
pleasure of seduction occasioned by lag, by waiting for a letter from
him or her. All serve to pull me in further; the real-life phonecall can
wait (I can always call him back later), but the on-line email trembles
(she won't wait forever) (he won't wait another minute) (she's gone, I'm
abandoned).

Addiction (whether or not the phenomenon is such remains moot) builds
resentment on one hand, an almost active resistance to segmenting (what
if I just cancel my ISP account? what if I never go on-line again? what
if I allow everything to crash?) - a desire to bring the house down -
and, on the other hand, a sense of exhaustion, waste, and detumescence/
decathecting which I have elsewhere termed "defuge." But defuge dis-
places, not cancels, segmenting - which continues on an almost autonomic
level - I _find myself_ logging in, reading and writing, _participat-
ing._ (As with bad faith or the inauthentic, as if it didn't matter, as
if it were _as if._) And resentment can lead either to individuals more
or less permanently leaving the Net (or using it only for occasional
business mail, keeping in touch with the family, etc.) or to nothing
more than sublimation in real life (I take a walk around the block, I
read a...computer...magazine, I entice myself, I seduce myself, desire
once again the presence of the uncanny), until tension takes other path-
ways, at a level capable of being absorbed by the Net.

What of the future, I would say, asking myself on-line as well as off?
In the future, everything will be seamless; the difference or rite of
passage might be nothing more than that set in a cron script (automat-
ically turning from one to another at a particular time of day), or that
established by the presence of an (un)safe word, or simply whatever is
construed by the interpenetration of virtual and real, machine and org-
anism, time and space. In other words, segmenting might be more of a
shudder or flutter, depending, or nothing more than a slight change of
atmosphere, a slightly different breathing. At that point, what passes
for the self might once again be granted the privilege of the (w)hole,
an addiction that could be considered paramount to an _addiction to
life._ In the meantime, I am caught, taut or tethered, among times,
spaces, ontologies, with their attendant psychoses - about which, "I
have written elsewhere."


