


On Mysticism in Max Nordau's Degeneration


"We have already learnt to see in mysticism a principal characteristic
of degeneration. It follows so generally in the train of the latter,
that there is scarcely a case of degeneration in which it does not ap-
pear. To cite authorities for this is about as unnecessary as to ad-
duce proof for the fact that in typhus a rise in the temperature of
the body is invariably observed. I will therefore only repeat one
remark of Legrain's: 'Mystical thoughts are to be laid to the account
of the insanity of the degenerate. There are two states in which they
are observed - in epilepsy and in hysterical delirium.' When Federoff,
who makes mention of religious delirium and ecstasy as among the ac-
companying features of an attack of hysteria, puts them down as a pec-
ularity of women, he commits an error, since they are at least as com-
mon in male hysterical and degenerate subjects as in female."

This is from Max Nordau, Degeneration, 1895, and I have decided to
write on this subject.

It does not seem to me that this is true. I think there can be mystics
who are not degenerates although I have not met many mystics and some
of the ones I have met are very strange, even weird, so maybe there is
some truth to it. But how can one say that if one devotes one's life
to one's true God that one is a degenerate? Perhaps I misunderstand
the meaning of the author's words. I do not understand degenerate al-
though in the book he relates it to hysteria and relates hysteria to
fatigue because people are tired in these modern times. He gives lots
of proof to this so I have to take it on his word, which seems good
enough because he backs it up with a lot of interesting statistics.

I don't know why epilepsy is a cause of mysticism or leads to degener-
ation but it is true that it is a horrible disease although I under-
stand that they have it under control now, but maybe I don't really
have the facts here, and Max Nordau gives no statistics but just
quotes this other person. But I do know that hysterical delirium can
lead to mysticism because I often have hysterical delirium and believe
me it is not pleasant. But then I do see God and everything can be all
right again, but I am not sure. (I am, but I will have to write on
that some other time!)

Where does Max Nordau get his facts from about degeneration and mysti-
cism? I don't think he has all the facts but he does have the facts
about hysteria and fatigue and the modern age, but these are different
facts and everyone knows you can't take one set of things and just ap-
ply them willy-nilly to another, so I guess something is missing here
and that is partly why I believe that Max Nordau is wrong.

Here is what Max Nordau says about degenerates: "We will briefly men-
ton some peculiarities frequently manifested by a degenerate. He is
tormented by doubts, [ha! mysticism! (me)] seeks for the basis of all
phenomena, especially those whose first causes are completely inacces-
sible to us, and is unhappy when his inquiries and ruminations lead,
as is natural, [oh! why!??! why?!!?] to no result. He is ever supply-
ing new recruits to the army of system-inventing metaphysicians, pro-
found expositors of the universe, seekers for the philosopher's stone,
[I know the feeling!!] the squaring of the circle and perpetual mo-
tion."

And then just above this (I just noticed this!) he says: "With the
incapacity for action there is connected the predilection for inane
reverie. The degenerate is not in a condition to fix his attention
long, or indeed at all, on any subject, and is equally incapable of
correctly grasping, ordering, or elaborating into ideas and judgments
the impressions of the external world conveyed to his distracted
consciousness by his defectively operating senses. It is easier and
more convenient for him to allow his brain-centres [sic!!] to produce
semi-lucid, nebulously blurred ideas and inchoate embryonic thoughts,
and to surrender himself to the perpetual obfuscation of a boundless,
aimless, and shoreless stream of fugitive ideas; and he rarely rouses
himself to the painful attempt to check or counteract the capricious,
and, as a rule, purely mechanical associations of ideas and succession
of images and bring under discipline the disorderly tumult of his
fluid presentations."

This is the main part of my argument, that the degenerate can never be
a mystic because he (or she!) can't concentrate on anything long
enough for meditation, and without meditation, there would be no way
to see the true godhead of our lord or lords or these things that mys-
tics see when they go into trances, as all of them do. They go into
trances and they stay there for a long time, and that is not what the
degenerate can do, according to Max Nordau's own words! So if the de-
generate can't do this, he (or she!) can have a glimpse I think of a
mystical truth or the truth of the world of all things, including what
are called "phenomena," but he can't go beyond the world into the true
mystical one because he doesn't have the attention space you would
need to do this kind of thing which is at the heart of mysticism, so
what happens is that the degenerate is not a mystic, even though
Nordau says he is, and then gives a whole long chapter of examples
which range from Wagner to the Pre-Raphaelites and to Tolstoi. Now it
is true that all of these people are degenerates, I know that for a
fact (it is so obvious), but it is not because these people are mys-
tics, not even Tolstoi (who was a true mystic, I believe), but for
other things, like with the Pre-Raphaelites, they were exchanging
lovers all the time, and a lot of the women were very unhappy I read.
So it couldn't be that, the mysticism, but it was because of other
things which made them degenerate like these things about true lovers,
which they never found. (They never found what the causes were that
made them degenerate, not that they didn't find their lovers, who were
always there.)

To conclude my paper, here is a final quote from Max Nordau: "In one
part or another of his mental field of vision each of us therefore is
a mystic. [Ha!] From all the phenomena which he himself has not ob-
served, everyone forms shadowy, unstable presentations. Nevertheless
it is easy to distinguish healthy men from those who deserve the des-
ignation of mystic. There is a sure sign for each. The healthy man is
in a condition to obtain sharply-defined presentations from his own
immediate perceptions, and to comprehend their real connection. The
mystic, on the contrary, mixes his ambiguous, cloudy, half-formed lim-
inal representations with his immediate perceptions which are thereby
distrurbed and obscured." You can see that perhaps Max Nordau has
backed down, but I don't think so. He finds the Pre-Raphaelites degen-
erate because they are mystics, as I have shown, and then he writes
about others, but you get the idea.

Conclusion, Max Nordau is wrong about degenerates being mystics be-
cause degenerates can't focus on things and mystics can. But there are
other ways that mystics can be degenerates of course (I have said they
are weird, at least the ones I have met), so the "jury is still out"!


