



The Virtual Me and the Virtual You: Issues of Interpenetration


The Virtual Me (VM) lives and breathes. The Virtual You (VY) may or may
not. The VM trembles with fright, or eagerly with joy and anticipation.
The VY appears to have no such behavior. The VM expresses itself to the
VY through the movement of fingers, or a slowly turning body before a
camera ... in the shape of a sphere. The VY is something I read, or
the representation of a body on a sector of the screen. The VM dreams
and reads the VY through inner speech. The VY is always already a text
in one or another form.

I assume the VY trembles with fright or eagerly with joy and anticipa-
tion, expresses itself through the movement of fingers or a slowly turn-
ing body before a camera, dreams, and reads the VM through inner speech.
I assume that for the VY the VM is always already a text in one or an-
other form.

I assume these things because it is easiest to assume these things, and
because the symptoms of VY appear to parallel my own symptoms, as they
are expressed within the symbolic. This is of course the problem of the
Other, who may form me, just as the VY through lag may form the VM, that
is, may seduce the VM, may control the VM, who will give itself up to
the text. (Or just as the VM may form the VY, may seduce the VY, may
control the VY, and none of this _necessarily_ through lag, but through
lag and a variety of other means, or through such a variety, ignoring
lag.) To give up to the text is to give in to the text, to _follow_ the
text and its prescriptions. The prescriptions of the text of the VY are
injunctions within the aura or domain of the performative, just as the
text of the VY is a performative for me, and I assume the text of the VM
is a performative for the VY.

It is easiest to assume these things, unless proved otherwise, in which
case I may then assume, by default, that the VY is not what I had con-
sidered it to be, that is, a VM like myself, or a being like myself. In
which case, I am then further assume that the VY is one or another sort
of machine or programmed-controlled intelligence, and the proof other-
wise (which is _never_ a proof, only a new supposition) is that the re-
sponse given by the VY in a particular situation does not parallel the
response or set of responses I would assume proffered by _any_ VM in
that particular situation. (This does relate to the Turing test, but is
more a default presupposition of projection and introjection, and not a
design of machine intelligence.)

I do not make the mistake I may make in real life, that is, that the
presence of a _real you,_ a being in my vicinity who is proffered as a
_second person,_ is comprehensible and _of the order of myself,_ by
virtue of parallel appearances of its entity, body, clothing, gestures,
mien, voice, and general tenor. I consider this a mistake I may make in
real life because the _real you_ may in fact have entirely different
presuppositions, behaviors, and motivations than myself, but the over-
whelming appearance of _the same_ tends towards _the same._ I do assume
and continue to assume that a _real you_ is of the order of a human be-
ing, and not of the order of a machine intelligence, and I assume in
addition that I may make this assumption for some time, to the extent I
am not hallucinating or dreaming (I may be of course), well into the
next century.

Because I am reading the VY, and because, for me, the VY is composed
only of representations and texts, I may withdraw and reify the act of
reading the VY and writing the VM, and instead recognize that I may not
understand the VY in its totality, its fullness, that is, in the pre-
sence of the _person_ I assume is at the _other end of the line._ On the
other hand, because I am in the presence only of representations and
texts, and because my inner voice appears to be the causation of the
speech of those texts, and my desires appears to be the causation of the
appearance of those representations, I may allow a certain _additional
seduction,_ beyond that of control, towards, let me say, a _frankness_
about myself, an openness, which I would not express, portray, or grant
in my real life, in the presence of the _real you._ (I am speaking here
of what _appears_ to me to be a frankness or openness, of course.)

Thus I am seduced in addition by the apparent openness and vulnerability
of the _object_ of the writings and representations of the VY, and I may
respond according to what I have to offer or proffer, as if it were _in
return_ to the gift I am receiving, or appear to be receiving. Of course
this gift is itself a representation or text, and may be designed to
draw me in _precisely_ in this manner, towards increasing revelations,
towards a certain demeanor, attitude, of my physical body as well, to-
wards the VY as it makes its way across my screen, in time and in space.

I call these interpenetrations of VM and VY, which are met _at the other
side_ by, say, VY' and VM' such that there is a connection or interweav-
ing (VM-VY') / (VY-VM'), where the apostrophic indicates the viewpoint
of what is presumed to be the Other - I call these nothing more than
_interpenetrations,_ since such assumes nothing in terms of ontology
(except that such is met from both sides) or epistemology (except that
such is linked from both sides). So that one might assume, as VM as-
sumes, that interpenetrations form the binds and deep characterizations
of virtual relationships and communities.

And furthermore, the VM is nothing more than the _real me,_ let us say
here the RM, that there is an equivalence between the RM and VM, which
is often overlooked, to the extent that it is the RM which is _perform-
ing_ - not the VM - but the VY' - the reading of the VM by the VY. That
is to say, the VM is part and parcel of the RM _in its natural atti-
tude,_  sitting at a desk or kiosk, working as the RM often works, esp-
ecially in its relation with the symbolic. This RM, in other words, is
myself, typing here, at the desk in Fukuoka, on an NCR computer, with an
electric heater (two out of three bars on) to my right, a newly-repaired
shamisen to my left, and a reproduction of a Shinto ukiyo-e print before
me. But I, RM, VM, am lost in the text, _this text,_ I, RM, VM, lose
myself in the text, _which depends neither on sight nor sound._ Nor does
it depend on the touch of my fingers, although all of these - the sight
of the screen and keys; the sound of the keys, one after another; the
touch of the keys, one after another - play a role in the constitution
of the text, in other words, _the text in other words._

Thus one might consider the text, which is already a proffering to the
VY, as a form of thinking, or a concretization of thinking or of thought
in such a manner as might constitute a parallel reading of the body of
the VM. So that the text is already on its way in its process of consti-
tution, and it is already of the VY, or another VY, say _on the order of
a third or parasitic term._ The text is the Third. The text is always
already in an uneasy relation. The text is always already unstable. It
is not destabilized, not an appearance from without, but unstable from
within, and this is the nature of the text. Who or what is it written
for?

Suppose I write this for the VY on the other end of the line, then it
becomes a missle or missive to the other. Then it is part of the call-
ing-forth of the other; ontologically, its appearance is the same (i.e.
of the order of the purely symbolic). It is as if VY and VM share the
same text, write into it, write into the constitution of what may be one
another.

So that the message is part and parcel of the receiver and transmitter,
both ontology and epistemology blurred in the process, which I continue
to call interpenetration (just as, or just as not perhaps, this text
ends up in your mailspool, spelled out, splayed for you). So that I,
speaking for and through VM, that is a VM which is beyond the inner ego,
for example (according to one or another model) or shifter, for example
(according to another or one model), recognize the necessity (that is, I
say I recognize the necessity, through the VM) of another or additional
model, beyond that of the traditional communicative structure - a model
which in fact and fiction is a deconstruction of that structure. Or
rather, a model which acknowledges the necessity of that structure for,
for example, mathematical information theory, but questions, beyond
that, concepts ranging from reception to the "death of the author." But
then, that is this VM speaking, which is clearly the symptom or pronoun-
cement of _this body,_ this RM, from _this viewpoint,_ and not the sub-
stance of a machine intelligence, although that may not always be the
case. But what is and what will be the case are already interpenetrated,
blurred, in relation to one another, and among others (just as time,
just as space, just as reality or virtuality).

