


Resonances and Fields, Broken Off at One Point


If there is an uncanny relationship between VM and VY' (VY's reading of
VM's VY) and between VY and VM' (VY's writing of VY's VM), then there are
additional resonances as well, for example VM'' (VM's reading of VY') and
so forth. The indices quickly blur; while the levels technically prolif-
erate, they're useful two or three deep at best. [Here, the notation is
slightly different from the previous text.]

One might consider a shuttling back and forth of fantasms across the
Net, intensified around the poles or nodes, literally the IP addresses.
One might further consider _intensifications,_ topographies of enuncia-
tion, and through this, the notion of intersecting fields (reminding
ourselves that we are thinking metaphorically). Since the fields are
capable of diffraction (we are near the reconstituting processes of hol-
ography at this point), reinforcements are imprecisely where image pro-
cessing among the nodes takes place, and diminutions (wave cancellation)
represent those moments of lag or dissemblement / detumescence, when the
image wavers, is problematic for one or more nodes.

The model never stops at one, two, three nodes, but considers a prolif-
eration of nodes. Reinforcements are at best part-waveforms or part-
objects; broken screen-constitutions, memories, processes. The _issue_
of the thing-in-itself never arises from "out there," the symptomology
constructed on the screen; there are no _other sides,_ in fact, only a
panoply of interwoven representations.

Just as "I" am always already shifted, appear as shifter within a field
of representing, just as the "ego" is always already a coagulation, it-
self constructed from part-objects constantly undergoing transformation
- so the screen representations of both VM and VY are only textual embo-
diments, signifiers without an apparent physical substrate (which does
exist, if only temporarily, as an organization of bits held in temporary
or hard-drive memory). What is _out_ on the screen is _in_ on the level
of the psychoanalytical (which is _not_ to say that the conscious or un-
conscious are structured like a language).

At some point, it may be relevant to ask whether the psychoanalytical is
virtual, and if so, how is it interwoven with its material substrate?
Such is weaving is never on the level of entities, but is rather (much
as bits and bytes) a _deep_ interpenetration which cannot be directly
constituted as "the real."

But at this point, it is worthwhile to consider first and foremost these
intensifications and fields (which lend themselves so easily to the work
of Deleuze and Guattari for example), rather than subjects and objects -
or rather, intensifications qua subjects.

(Which is the point of view of the Jennifer/Julu/Nikuko material, but
that is literally another story, and while psychoanalytics stresses
story and story-space, I am tending towards a view through _clutter,_
the diminution or splaying/dispersing of history itself. The best one
can hope for is narrative segments, themselves proliferating, dissol-
ving... So that Jennifer/Julu/Nikuko provide the experiential end, of
which the rest, the debris of the Internet Text, provides the clothing
and the context.)

Broken off at this point.


