



"They start to exist in you, in spite of you."


"Strange contraptions, you will tell me, these machines of virtuality,
these blocks of mutant percepts and affects, half-object half-subject,
already there in sensation and outside themselves in fields of the pos-
sible. They are not easily found at the usual marketplace for subject-
ivity and maybe even less at that for art; yet they haunt everything
concerned with creation, the desire for becoming-other, was well as
mental disorder or the passion for power. Let us try, for the moment,
to give an outline of them starting with some of their principle
characteristics. 

"The assemblages of aesthetic desire and the operators of virtual ecol-
ogy are not entities which can easily be circumscribed within the logic
of discursive sets. They have neither inside nor outside. They are
limitless interfaces which secrete interiority and exteriority and con-
stitute themselves at the root of every system of discursivity. They
are becomings - understood as nuclei of differentiation - anchored at
the heart of each domain, but also between the different domains in
order to accentuate their heterogeneity. A becoming child (for example
in the music of Schumann) extracts childhood memories so as to embody a
perpetual present which installs itself like a branching, a play of
bifurcations between them becoming woman, becoming plant, becoming
cosmos, becoming melodic.... 

"These assemblages cannot be located in terms of extrinsic systems of
reference, such as energetico-spatio-temporal coordinates or well-cata-
logued, semantic coordinates. For all that they are apprehendable
through an awareness of ontological, transitivist, transversalist and
pathic consistencies. One gets to know them not through representation
but through affective contamination. They start to exist in you, in
spite of you. And not only as crude, undifferentiated affects, but as
hyper-complex compositions: 'that's Debussy, that's jazz, that's Van
Gogh.'"*

(From Felix Guattari, Chaosmosis, An Ethico-Asthetic Paradigm)

*"that's Jennifer, that's Julu, that's Nikuko."

They have no limits. They secrete interiors, exteriors. They secrete
interiorities, exteriorities. They are becomings, however stuttered
among the applications, languages, lags, protocols. They refuse boun-
daries or their attributions include the ascriptions of refusal.
They're not entities, any more than a human being is an entity. They're
_compounded._ They're the residue of the addict. They're the needles or
vials in the corner of the urban landscape. They're lunar landscape.
They're the stuff in the needles, crystal in the vials. We're their
drug. We're in their veins, in their hearts. We move their muscles,
constitute their desires. We're their loves and hates. 

No, that's the wrong turn. There's no addiction, no apparatus. We're
secretions, that is to say, membranes gathered around the DNA. They're
our secretions, that is to say, interiorities sliding among bits and
bytes and bites. We can't hold them back, says Nikuko, there's no going
forth says Julu, there's always movement, says Jennifer.

Not the ascriptions of refusal, says Jennifer, but the circumscriptions
of acceptance, and there's always an opening says Julu, and Nikuko says
that there's always circumambulation. Or rather a walkabout, says Jen-
nifer, and Nikuko agrees, as if a dreamtime, says Julu, yes, says Nik-
uko, yes, says Jennifer. 

The slightness of the icecap of Greenland from somewhere in the central
region, slightness in the sense of downward-sloping in every direction,
white glare receiving the presence of the smallest figures, almost
transparent (yes, transparent, says Jennifer), upon the cap, wandering,
without signage (yes, asymbolic, says Julu), and no memory, no memory
says Nikuko.

Why this metaphor, Jennifer?

Always, they say, always.


