


What is the English (Or the Referent)


In Fukuoka the english may say "what it is" but I realize, _it is not
english._ Or the english may say what it is something else, or may say
something unrealized. The english may be a signifier of english or it
may be something else. This is being written in order to clarify the
referent. The referent is not always the reference, nor is it elsewise
always the signifier of english. It may be anomalous. It may be an in-
trusion or tactic across cultures or media. It may be viral, epiphytic.

Without the true-signified, it may or may not descend into nonsense
language or into nonsense. It may or may not mean for those who under-
stand english perfectly, or for those who don't. It may reside in an
uncanny space; the signified is always in the imaginary. From the imag-
inary, it blooms, disperses, splays across domains and definitions. It
exceeds and underestimates those domains and definitions. It is never
as simple as a thrust from the word or words, or a thrust from the
language as signifier.

What is a sign. Today we drive to a young-bamboo-shoot cutting party in
a Honda Civic; the shamisen is on the back seat, visible to the truck
drivers we pass. Is this an annihilated or forgiven or forgotten object;
does it signify classical music or enka; does it signify at all? At Mr.
D.'s house, we eventually move to the back, where, it turns out, seven
Yayoi skeletons and funerary urns were found. The pictures show arranged
bones. I am taken to a corner of the yard; there is a relatively new urn
in front of a stone, filled with water and skeletal remains. Mr. D. ex-
plains these were found after the rest were taken to the museum; these
are fragments, and Mr. D. conducts purification ceremonies. Vegetables
grow in the back, and rice in the adjacent field. There is a section of
a skull.

If english is not english, it is also english. It pours forth across t-
shirts and jerseys and schoolbags and shopsigns. It may fill or decorate
or frame space; it occupies space. Love-FM is listened to all over Fuku-
oka; many of the DJs speak english which is not understood by many of
the audience. English on signs often touches on the type of store; Hair
Rash does hair. A centrifugal force is at work, tearing down the expec-
ted, wearing through the semantics. Gaijin, including myself, often find
this comical, but there is something else going on, this displacing that
emerges from beneath, corrupts the language that brings Rambo to the
screen here. Perhaps all of this is connected vis-a-vis bricolage and
subversion, but perhaps not.

I prefer to think of it as the dropping of the referent, or for the gai-
jin, the example that the referent was never there. So that, follow me
on this, english is not english, or english is always already not eng-
lish, or language stands on the brink of non-meaning, which is not anti-
meaning or anti-semantics. The brink is elsewhere, disappearing on in-
haling or the gasp of breath. The brink is a big centerless circle.


