



The Thickness of the Path of Dreaming


I know the comfort of the room. I know the sunlight coming in through
the high thin window in the kitchen. I know the sunlight, for a brief
interval, will nourish the two tiny transplanted cacti, the euphorbia,
the feeble flowering plant, all these resting on a shelf. We stand on a
chair, taking the plants down to water them.

I know the comfort of the room.

I know when I walk out the door, and rain has fallen, that I can walk
several steps to the right, then left and out onto the street, avoiding
the puddles as I step across two drains; on the street, there are several
manhole covers, and at a distance of one, three, and four steps between
them, but the rain leaves the gentle slope, almost invisible; the street
gathers no puddles. Its narrowness turns the passage into the semblance of
a room, and I walk down the corridor towards the 7-11 on the corner, which
sells oden, soft drinks, manga, other things, and the cool breeze some-
times brings incense from the shrine and temple complex next door, its
cemetery bordering the lounge room, also the bedroom, and it is there I
imagine Hokusai's ghosts haunting me - no, it is more than imagination.

At the 7-11 I may take a left, then towards Ailsa's place, the long street
full of second-hand bookshops and stores, past the entrance to the temple,
then past Hakozaki itself, the tall dark foreboding shrine which also
haunts. I may take a right into the shrine - the left corridor with its
torii tending towards the sea, entering it. I may take a second right,
past the sacred laurel, at least a thousand years old as I count, or I may
continue towards the shrine, passing by on the left-hand-side, towards the
one of the two smaller flanking ones; here there are red flags installed
like a forest before it. Or I may turn to the right farther on, almost in
front of the major building, towards and beneath the ancient pavilion with
its paintings in the rafters.

But I continue past the shrine today, or perhaps another day, on the road
to Ailsa's, and I may eat at Mosburger on the left, or enter the second-
hand bookstore next to it, where I may buy a book of cherry-trees for
three-hundred yen, or an old Sumo magazine which includes a record of sta-
ble songs. Before this, I may note the second-hand store is closed, since
it is Sunday, and I regret I cannot find a second used plectrum for my
shamisen (which I also bought there), the first being slightly nicked as a
result of a slight fall here in the genkan, where I am working now.

I remember the thin sunlight as if spring had finally arrived, and the
appearance of the university gate as I pass it, not noticing, until I
return, the other second-hand bookshops where I have purchased old Noh
play programs before.

I walk in silence like the rain which has fallen on other days, silently,
on this road, not like the wind's thick rustle near the back windows of
the house we are in. Self-consciously, I note the silence, thinking then
of the music and its silences and sudden surges, and wide spaces, and my
hands equally silently finger the shamisen in my imagination, as I find
myself more and more accustomed to the thin wooden neck, the possibilities
in the three strings, the odd weight and length of the instrument, for
someone more accustomed to classical guitar.

I see that the shop selling bent-wood bowls and other hand-crafted objects
is not open. I see that several flower shops are, as well as Maria's bak-
ery, where we have bought delicious bread and small buns. I wander into
another second-hand goods shop, with "sexy prices" that has innumerable
televisions, rice-cookers, and radios. I note there are no magatama jewels
in the case, and some of the older Shinto religious objects have been sold
and replaced.

Somewhere I see a restaurant and am pleased that I can recognized the
kanji for "small mountain," and then realize these may be just about all
the kanji I know. Everywhere there are signs; I pass a hospital, but can-
not recognize the symbols, what stands for what. I take things on faith in
this manner. And at Mosburger, I begin to write what would develop into
two texts, not this one; I write in a small black notebook bought some-
where in Tenjin, and filled with the uneasy scribbles of broken journeys,
like this one in its entirety which will never end.

I write of the unwise things to say about this country, of which and from
which I cannot, ever, speak; and I write of bodies in relation to the Net,
before and after I have my fast food meal of a rice bun with meat inside,
no bread at all, accompanied by delicious coffee. All the while, I think
of returning to the United States, somewhat frozen in attitudes occasioned
by the depth of these small steps and affairs here. What happened in the
yatai, for example, two nights ago, which was nothing remarkable, only
noting the handprint of the Sumo wrestler back on the wall, in its accus-
tomed place, and my signature from January still written across the door,
Alan Sondheim, Brooklyn, New York, and the date.

But today I notice the smells of the street and the fare of the various
restaurants, and the yatai lie in another direction altogether. I notice
the double-yatai almost ready for business as I return down the same
street; it is across the street from the Hakozaki shrine, next to the wide
avenue with its torii leading to the sea. From the shrine, facing the sea,
the yatai is on the left. The sea is visible and grey.

And today I notice that I notice the smells and the sights and the sounds
and the thickness of all of these things, not to comment on the relative
poverty of the virtual and the presence of overheated imaginations neces-
sary to make "it all work," but to consider, selfishly, what is happening
to me in the intensity of _this_ place, which I associate with eternity,
in relation to the Brooklyn and its noise. I will return to Brooklyn and
its noise.

There is noise from the overhead highway by the side of the river, and the
river here is being dredged or widened or narrowed, or _some_ work is
being done on it. It flows through an artificial valley of brickwork. But
there is a stone from 1344 or 1342, a tiny place called the Nureginu
Mound, and this is only a five-minute walk from the house, and the Guide
Map to the Historical and Cultural Assets of Fukuoka City says "Prefectur-
ally Designated Archaeological Material (Sanskrit Stone Monument made in
1344) Ishido-hashigiwa, Chiyo 3-chome, Hakata-ku Near Nishitetsu Bus Stop
'Ishido-ohashi.' During the reign of Emperor Shomu, a daughter of the Most
Reverend Priest in Chikuzen was falsely charged with an unknown crime and
was executed. This mound was built in her memory. The square stone design
of this monument is peculiar to the Middle Ages (1192-1602) of Japan. The
sanskrit letters inscribed on the stone depict various images of the
Buddha." I remember that there are vases before the stone, and offerings
of various sorts, and other smaller stones and offerings behind it. Some-
times there are flowers. The Mound, which is flat and perhaps ten meters
by three, lies on a narrow strip of land between the highway (there is a
second highway beneath the overhead one) and the river, which is perhaps
seven meters below the almost vertical bank. It is noisy; there are car
and truck fumes. It is also quiet, inert. It hangs on. The Sanskrit let-
ters are cut in V-shapes.

This is in the other direction from Ailsa's house and Hakozaki, which I
approach by walking to the left at the T-shaped intersection from the
street we live on, the intersection where the 7-11 lies in wait for me. I
often go to the 7-11 for hot coffee, sometimes cold as well, and recently
I have been buying a vitamin-b energy drink for 126 yen plus tax, always
confused about the 6, which does not round out with the five per-cent
added onto. The canned coffee is 105 yen, and the cold cartoned coffee
(milk and sugar added) is 100, tax to 105, as the 105 is tax to 110. I
will slow up, look at the numerous magazines, mostly manga and sex, por-
traying women as schoolgirls in uniform, wide-eyed and infinitely inno-
cent. There are also car and goods magazines, magazines for girls and
women, magazines for pachinko, defined as "pinball" in my Crown diction-
ary, but in reality quite different. There are magazines for pocket mon-
sters as well, magazines with stories in them. There is a rack of maps of
Fukuoka and maps of Japan and road maps and maps of Kyushu. There are
several shelves with items that change through the seasons - Christmas
gifts around Christmas times, packets of beans and accessories for Bean
Throwing Day, which falls on my birthday, February 3rd. And further back,
there are chocolate candies and white bread, although I once did find
another richer variety. But just once.

I know my ignorance. I am constantly asking L. about this or that kanji,
constantly trying to figure out the kabuki on television, the signage
everywhere, the differences between Japanese and American musical scales.
I run up against waves-fronts. I side-track, think to myself during the
endless intervals I fall asleep or wake up. I take other roads, or think
if I had taken other roads, if I had for example walked from Ailsa's back
along her street, where the train line is coming in, and buildings are
being, slowly, cleared. I would have had a chance to see, however briefly,
natural vegetation regaining rubbled fields. I would have veered away from
my street, the street of the 7-11, which isn't actually my street, but the
street that leads to my street, branching off to the right. To the left of
the 7-11 there is an alley which connects to another street; we bike
through the alley, and I make a game of not hitting the walls while avoid-
ing riding across the manhole covers. If I take a right at the far end of
the alley, I can head both towards the subway (which I understand, since
the signage is in English as well as Japanese), and the yatai, previously
mentioned. After the yatai, I can take a left, and we have often walked to
the train station. There is another shrine in that direction, as well as a
temple, and statue of the emperor who fought off the Mongols. It was a
storm that fought off the Mongols.

It was Japan that fought off the Mongols. It was ghosts and dreams, they
were ghosts and dreams, my ghosts and dreams, doing the fighting. They
were thick all the way down, with detail, they would carry with them the
rest of their lives. They were thick, all the way up, and how high is the
sky. They were doing the fighting and doing the fighting. They were fight-
ing for Japan and fighting for us. They were fighting for Hakozaki and
fighting for pocket monsters and fighting for the 7-11.

I would be that everyone claiming the fighting. I would have these dreams,
these dreams of _details,_ which were inert, just like the world is inert.
I would realize, I would never see Nakasu again. I would realize, what
would happen to Nikuko, as an example, and the others over here, who per-
haps glowed red in the night as they swarmed, spawned, in this foreign
body? I would note that this body takes a _path,_ that this body is a
path, one that scribbles itself across Nakasu, across Fukuoka, across the
Pacific and perhaps across the South China Sea and across the Straits of
Dover and across the Atlantic. I would note that this path is thick with
the details, that it is a path of eternal writing, and little reading,
that there is more time for the movement and less for the record. I would
describe and decry the absence of records, histories, whole worlds, every-
where, but here in particular, I would begin this description, which will
end soon with the return to America, the description of the path from one
house to another, just that - a path which might _not_ be anywhere in the
world, which couldn't be, in fact, anywhere but here. Which is of the
nature of the path, this path. Which is its obdurate, not conjured by dif-
ference or alterity, but by presence and granularity, _this_ particular.

Which occasions in me, as I write these words far too late in the night, a
degree or more than a degree, a convexity, of mourning. For the path, in
this late March of 1998. For those beings, inhabitations, who have created
these details, over centuries, "all the way down." I have learned for ex-
ample, tonight, that there are cherry trees in this country that are 1800
years old. And I have seen amazing blossoms.

What is knowledge, if not the recognition that one does not pass _this
way_ again? That everything may make a difference, but that nothing makes
a difference - or that difference is compounded of, constituted by, noth-
ing? That nothing seeps into names, places, 7-11s, cherry trees and Hako-
zaki shrines? That life is not a valediction forbidding mourning, but
mourning after morning, which is always the dream of infants and ghosts?
That ghosts, then, dream too, that we are their dreamings,

That we have dreamed ghosts, that we have dreamed those ghosts.


