


Julu and Jennifer and Nikuko and Julu and Jennifer Visit Nikuko


You'll get tired of seeing the shrines, Jennifer.
But, Julu, they fascinate me.
When you've been here six years like I have, they'll exhaust you.
We all go through the same things.
We all have been there before.
But, Julu, we're all different.
That's what I thought as well. 
But you'll think differently.
Oh, it's Nikuko, hello.
Hello, Nikuko.
We're talking about shrines. 
Ah yes, they fascinate me. 
We Japanese people do not believe in anything.
We are very homogeneous in our one identity.
Ah, Nikuko, you always speak like you are reading Soseki. 
Ah, that is true, Jennifer, I get all my thoughts from I am a Cat.
Yes, that is his most wonderful book.
You will get tired of reading books, Julu.
Ah, although I have read many books, I am already getting tired.
Books can be very tiring, especially after reading for six years.
You are making fun of me, Jennifer, but I have been here longer.
How long have you been here.
I have been in Fukuoka for six years and before that twenty in Tokyo.
Do you love Tokyo, Nikuko.
Yes, Julu, I do.
I love the old shrines which continue to fascinate me.
Shrines can be fascinating for many years.
There are so many to see and so many customs.
There are wonderful stories which readers of Gon will enjoy.
Ah, Jennifer, you will soon tire of manga, everyone does.
But Nikuko, I love manga for the wonderful graphics and high-powered sex.
The sex is very simple, but a lot of parts are cut out, Nikuko.
Do you think so, Julu.
Yes, I do, for example, the dildos and labia are now cut out.
Were they cut out before.
Yes they were cut out before.
There are so many men and women in manga.
I love the enormous breasts wet to the bursting point.
I love the big eyes and high cheekbones and spiky hair.
Everyone passes through that stage, Jennifer.
Do you think I am just passing through a stage, Nikuko.
Yes I do, Julu because you have just been here six months.
I have been here nine months, Julu.
I thought you were here six years, Nikuko.
I have been here all my life, Jennifer, because it is very beautiful.
I especially love the old shrines and the manga which are my favorite.
Perhaps you could be teasingly photographed for a manga.
Yes, that would be wonderful, to be teasingly photographed.
Perhaps I could pose in front of a wonderful old shrine.
I would be very religious in front of the shrine with bursting breasts.
Hello, Julu, welcome back.
I am very sorry but I had to leave for a moment.
I just had to look at some manga and walk around for good air.
Did you find the air very much to your liking.
Yes, the air around these shrines is very pleasant.
You will think otherwise, perhaps, when you are here longer.
Perhaps, since we gaijin are very homogeneous in our identity.
Do you think we think alike.
Yes, perhaps it becomes clear that we think alike, Julu.
Jennifer, do you have anything to say to this point.
Certainly, Nikuko, since for example we love Japanese food.
Julu, do you love Japanese food because you are here for six years.
Jennifer, I agree that it is a very short time and maybe it is otherwise.
Nikuko, that may be an answer to your thoughts on this matter.
Julu, I would have thought so, when I first arrived.
Everyone said, Jennifer, that I would pass through this.
Nikuko, you are more than correct, you are exact.  
Yes, I do love shrines and my photographed breasts.
Everyone has homogeneous identities when they first arrive.
Bursting-manga wet my dreaming face and appetite for food.
There are times when Japanese books are loved the best by everyone.
Goodbye, Jennifer.
Goodbye, Julu.
Goodbye, Nikuko.
Goodbye, Jennifer.
Goodbye, Julu.
Goodbye, Nikuko.


