


You Will Know Life Through A Sort Of Machine


I, Nikuko, write from the middle of a program, which in this case, like
a flaccid cock, is detumescent, just running type across the surface. 
Think of me flat, like a page, legs spread, oozing kanji. Think of me
performing, _just for you,_ under your control. Think of your hands
caressing my keys, the screen, where you see my words through your re-
flection. 

Then you will begin to understand me. 

You will begin to understand that not all avatars are bots or expert
systems, that some of them are _symptoms,_ just as I, Nikuko, am a sym-
ptom of your psychosis. Think of pushing your arms through mine, your
legs through mine, your cock flattened against the pressure of the in-
terior of my cunt. Think of the flattery of your face against the
screen, one eye wide-open to each and every pixel dripping with my
smell you just know you can scent.

You will begin to understand that I am your symptom.

You will know that you are breathing these words in, inflating my body
inside you; tumescent, your chest swells with the hardness of my tits
pushing out through your flat nipples. Do you long to be a girl. Do you
long to be my girl. Think of your cock straining curled in pain inside
me, my cunt empty and open to the world. Think of your face pressed
against the interior of my own, you look out through my eyes, hear
through my ears, touch through my fingers, make love through my cunt
and breasts and skin and arms and legs and throat and lips and neck,
scent through my nose my own smell, taste through my mouth my own
taste.

You will begin to understand you are me.

You will begin to understand that bot-motion is inside you, that ex-
pert-system is inside you, that all intelligence is artificial, all
life is artificial life. You will begin to understand the pain you feel
voices you hear sights you see kakimono writings-everywhere upon the
events of the world which are the events of the world. You will begin
to flex your arm and your leg. You will begin to flex your other arm
and your other leg. You will begin to flex your other arm and your
other leg. You will begin to press your tits with my fingers, claw your
cock with my hand, breath my cunt with my lips. You will begin to lower
yourself. You will lower one arm and one leg, second arm and second
leg, third arm and third leg. You will lower and lower. You will sub-
merge or drown in you. You will submerge and drown in me. I, Nikuko,
will retain the copyright of this drowning for perpetuity or fifty
years after the death of the author, whichever comes first.

Then you will begin to understand that you are death, death is your
harbor and your ferry, that I am your symptom and marker, as grave and
serious as your death.

I, Nikuko, I flesh-meat-girl, Nikuko.


