







Parable





If you had not eaten the loaves, there would have been plenty in the land

for seven years. If you had not eaten the fishes, there would have been

plenty in the sea. It is better to starve than to eat, to die of thirst

than to drink. It is best to sell your body for money, turn it inside-out

and the plaything for rich men and women. It is best your body be dead.



If you had not picked the apple, if you had not listened to the snake, you

would have lacked in intelligence what you would have gained in the span

of your fingers. Such a span of two octaves or more would play the harmony

of worlds. To play the harmony of worlds would mean to travel from one to

another, having the lost sense of identity, history, memory. It is better

you had listened to the snake, writing everything down; you are the divine

secretary, you are divine.



If you had not pricked your finger, you would not have bled monthly; you

would not have considered the world. If you had not pressed the flesh,

there would have been no perfection, no beauty, no blood. You would have

had the pallor of death intermingled with the pallor of life. Better to

have died than to have pricked your finger.



I, Daishin Nikuko, have been at the garden in the midst of mono no aware,

such pathos of things, with a troubled soul. I, Daishin Nikuko, have

watched the blossoms of plums, flowers of cherry, kanji tree-stems scrib-

bling the divine in the midst of moss and rock. I, Daishin Nikuko, have

seen the cool reflect. I, Daishin Nikuko, have remained troubled and air-

less, there has been no air. There has been no air and no wind and no

sound around me. There has been nothing to soothe me, because my heart is

so very deep within that even the crickets and carp do not soothe me, nor

do the sutras, nor the sound of slow gakaku. I will wander, says Daishin

Nikuko, and it is this wandering that takes me to the subways of my city

and yours, my Nakasukawabata stop.



For if Daishin Nikuko writes the length of the snake measured across the

circumferance of the apple, and the cycloid of the apple against the axis

of the snake, she does this for your benefit alone. For her finger has

been pricked, she has eaten loaves and fishes and snakes, she will eat the

meat and produce of the world, she is a product of the world. I, Daishin

Nikuko, write this.



