



Pure Writing


The shamisen has three strings, tuned fourth and fifth or fifth and
fourth or two fourths and of course there are other tunings. It's
usually used to accompanying singing. The neck is around a meter in
length, unfretted. The nut is only for the two highest strings; the
lowest buzzes slightly against the wood, which may be a holdover from
the design of Indian instruments. The pegs aren't geared. The cheaper
models have dogskin front and back (mine does); the more expensive,
catskin. The bridge, of plastic, wood, or ivory, is quite low; the
strings are very close to the fingerboard, which is of one piece with
the neck. At the tail, the strings are tied to a rope tailpiece. The
shamisen is played with a wide plectrum of wood, tortoiseshell, ivory,
or plastic. My bridge and plectrum are plastic. The skin on the front
has a second, half-moon layer, near the top, since the plectrum strikes
the skin for added rhythm. There are four extremely tiny holes in the
front skin as well, to allow the instrument to breathe. Skins need
replacement every one to three years, and are susceptible to tearing as
a result of humidity, heat, etc. 

I play the shamisen with the plectrum in a lilting fashion, or with the
fingers of my right hand, which gives me considerable speed. There are
taped place-markers on the neck, covering almost two octaves. I am
slowly learning the feel of the positions, since my style of playing
requires fast hand and arm movements. I play to some extent in the
style of the older jamisen, which does not use the plectrum, and has
snakeskin on the front and back instead. This led to the development of
the samisen, out of which the shamisen came, long after gakaku court
music. In fact, the shamisen plectrum developed from the biwa plectrum,
which was used in gakaku to give a snapping sound against the wooden
body, for rhythmic purposes; the first shamisen players were biwa
players, who developed the instrument for melodic, as well as rhythmic
purposes.

The instrument is admirably suited to pentatonic scales and microtone
intervals off the main notes; unlike the biwa, where (after gakaku) the
microtones were produced by pressing the strings between the frets, the
shamisen allows for glissandos and all sorts of positionings. It is
easy to play delta blues rhythms on it, in a manner paralleling the use
of the fretless banjo in the deep south. It would be easy to frail as
well, but I haven't learned frailing. Instead, I work with a combina-
tion of flamenco and jazz right-hand, with the left-hand working with
taksim and Chinese scales; at times I slow to the quick doubles and
pauses of classical Japanese music as well.

While the shakuhachi is a body-bone, breathing the body, the shamisen
is more rigid, held almost upright in front of the kneeling body. Kabu-
ki shamisen players never look at their instrument, but stare rigidly
in front of them; the instrument itself is kept immobile. The result is
similar to an eerie puppetry, with arms and hands disconnected from the
rest of the body. In my own playing, I hold the instrument lower,
checking the finger positions, and the shamisen moves according to the
rhythm or notes I play. I am surprised at the responsiveness of the
instrument, which can sound like a banjo, mandolin, sitar, guitar,
plucked violin, and any number of other instruments; the harmonics are
quite clear, almost bell-like.

The shamisen neck is in three pieces, which neatly dovetail; the neck
is broken down for traveling, after the strings are loosened, and the
tailpiece removed from the tailpost. Tailpiece and strings are then
wound around the pegs, which are on the uppermost neck piece; all three
pieces can be easily packed for transport. The lower piece of course
includes the body. These sections must be carefully removed, in order
not to split the neck, which is more delicate than it looks. The body
is the most delicate part of all; the skin is prone to tearing, as I
have said, and I worry about returning to the United States with it
packed away, either in the cabin of the plane or in a suitcase. In
Japan, the air is fairly moist; the dry cabin of the plane could ruin
the instrument, but placing it in luggage could be worse (upon my
return from Australia, the somewhat hardshell suitcase I was carrying
came through baggage in a fairly collapsed condition).

Shamisen are expensive; the repairs on this one (front and back skins,
strings, tailpiece, and adjustments to the four wooden curved pieces
that constitute the body) cost $100 approximately - the shell of a new
instrument (without these accoutrements) would be around $500. I found
this instrument at a second-hand shop for $19, in sad condition; L. had
it repaired for my birthday, and it now leans in a corner of the gen-
kan, away from the heater, facing the wall. It is important to place
the shamisen front-in, so that the neck remains straight, and the del-
icate bridge and strings are away from any possible damage. There are
stands made for shamisen, but leaning is just as good; there are also,
by the way, stands made for the plectra, which are quite large, about
seven inches in length, and three inches at the widest point. There are
also several varieties of plectra, depending on the type of music being
played; they are all held in the right hand, with the thumb over the
top, towards the edge - this provides a convenient way to control it. I
did see a shamisen player turn the plectrum around, and use the square
end for fast strumming, but this is an unconventional technique, and
the plectrum is difficult to hold in that position. I find that I can,
however, move the plectrum slightly out of the way, and use my thumb
and three fingers, while holding it; this gives an additional possib-
ility for plucking and strumming.

The strings are quite long and thin, and are made of nylon, although
silk has been used, and quite possibly catgut, in the past. Nylon al-
most never breaks, unless it is abused, and is unresponsive to changes
in humidity; I've found catgut and silk strings (on other instruments I
have played, specifically a 19th-century  and a Chinese ch'in)
to be irritatingly difficult to keep in tune. I am told on and off that
silk is the way to go, that nylon doesn't "sound as good," but this is
a matter, I think, of traditional preference, and nothing else.

I should mention that the head of the shamisen curves back, and the
pegs are quite long (about three inches) and thin; there is no gearing.
The head ends in a thin wedge; mine has been damaged, but is now
covered by a shamisen head wedge cover, which protects it from any
further problems. And oddly enough, the head and neck and body are
quite heavy; the wood used is very dense, and it is this, I think, that
is responsible for the ringing sound of the instrument - it takes a
long time for a note to die out, in spite of the fact that skins are
used, which tend to damp the vibrations. The skins are extremely taut,
stretched across the body - they feel hard to the touch, even in damp
weather - so the whole body behaves as a resonant drum or chamber. And,
to complete the description of the accessories, there is a curved piece
of fabric that hugs the upper portion of the body (facing the instru-
ment, the left-hand side) - the right arm rests against this when play-
ing. The fabric is tied to the base of the neck and the tailpiece post;
there is a second smaller piece of fabric across it, where the right
arm crosses it. The fabric is hardened into the form of a body covering
- there may be thick cardboard or thin wood holding it in shape. It is
decorated with a colorful pattern; the rest of the shamisen is natural
colors - brown wood, white skin, white plastic bridge, with the strings
an off-yellow. The strings are wound tightly around the pegs of course;
the pegs are inserted through the head, in the same fashion as on a
violin, with the important difference that metal collars are found in-
side the pegholes, which serve to create a smoother rotation for tuning
purposes. I find I have to tune two or three times while practicing
over the course of, say, forty-five minutes, not to mention tuning to
other intervals, a common practice.

My own playing is improvisational; I will pick a scale to begin with,
almost always a pentatonic one, and proceed from there. Very quickly, I
will employ various minor modes; the three half-tone intervals in the
pentatonic gives a lot of leeway for this. More and more I am experi-
menting with the other intervals on the tape (which is applied the en-
tire length of the neck); these are not the usual twelve steps of the
standard western scales, but vary in position and nomenclature. So I
play somewhat dissonantly, trying desperately to hear intervals that
nonetheless sound right, working off the tonic, fourth, or fifth, of
the lowest string, which both buzzes and resonates in relation to the
rest.

The shamisen sits on two folded pieces of cloth; I would not want it
directly on the floor, because I worry about temperature changes and
moisture in the genkan. There is a three-bar electric heater in here as
well, and, although I use only two bars most of the time, it has a
drying-out effect; I shudder to think that one day I will hear a tear-
ing sound, as top or bottom suddenly splits, and the wooden sides of
the shamisen are thrown out of alignment as well. Everything on the
instrument seems held together by everything else; as someone has poin-
ted out, Japanese instruments are like living beings, and need tending
- the shakuhachi has already split, but is still playable, for example.
The shamisen is deceptively simple in this regard; it appears imperv-
ious to breakage. One hears that it is almost impossible for westerners
to play Japanese music; they do not have the proper spirit. I believe
that the difficult scales are absorbed early on; they are hard to mas-
ter, and there is, of course, a foreclosing in insisting that the music
cannot be exported, that it belongs with the Japanese. I do not want to
comment on this comment, but simply report it. 

There are markers almost up to two octaves on the tape, as I have said
above, but the neck curves slightly where it joins the body, curves
inward, and one can play to an octave and a minor seventh on the high
string; there are, then, almost three octaves available altogether with
standard tuning. The neck-body joint is similar to that found on quite
old fretless banjos (the later ones continued the fingerboard to the
body), but I doubt there is any direct relation. Still, one can see the
shamisen and jamisen related to the tar, right through to the middle
east, and there is also the possibility of trade routes bringing one or
another instrument across continents. I prefer to see, however, para-
llel development, however, although I can give no source for this pre-
ference. I would say that chordophones used by humans have a relatively
limited number of possibilities (harps, zithers, necked-instruments,
etc.); once the idea of stopping a string appears, a neck shows up;
once a neck shows up, there might be a body (or the neck and body might
be one, as with, say, the sarod). In any case, this is far afield from
the shamisen, which came in its original form from the Ryuku islands
into Japan, at least half a millennium ago. In actuality, this makes it
a fairly recent instrument, compared, for example, to the wagon, which
may or may not be the ancestor of the koto, and which is modeled in
ancient ceramics.


