




Drawn Lost


Is there anything to say about Computer-Mediated-Communication (CMC)? 
Anything to say again? Anything to speak? Within or through theory? Could
CMC be the site of pure praxis? Are we drowning in words? The more I read
and write, the more the facts seem straightforward, even simple. There is
room for metaphysics here of course, thinking through and around ontology.
But beyond that.. everything gets continually recast into one or another
framework. The frameworks change, Elizabeth Grosz, Levi-Strauss, Sartre,
Derrida, Reid, Heim, but nothing is added or subtracted. Thinking through
CMC conceptually is quite possibly useless to anyone except for corporate
types wanting increased revenue and who wouldn't. Or for conferences of
course, post-partum conferences, conferences with the blues, conferences
on the move, on the go.

Now certainly there are lessons to be drawn from personal experience -
beware of giving away too much; the man you write to may not be the man
you write to; behave yourself or don't. There are anecdotes, histories,
tales to be told. One can analyze how posts operate rhetorically, how
lists are born and die, how flames drive some people on, some people off,
some people crazy, how lists are attacked, how lists are maintained and
governed. One can use the analysis to attack, to reinforce, to hack, to
further a career, to reply to write, above all to write and to post.

But doesn't the theory, the research, seems self-evident? A little bit of
thought goes a long way here. Instead, however, there are analyses and
further analyses, promulgated through one or another theoretical position,
and there may even be leverage, suggestions, as to improvements to be
made, ways to be more open or free or more in control and behind a fire-
wall, or hacking a firewall to take control or be free. There are careers
and more careers and more careers. The analyses may be hypertext, linked,
or sodden, sullen, and essay-proper; they may take the form of email or
MOO or MUD or avatar, says Nikuko; they may utilize webpages or illustra-
tion, full-motion video or audio-clips; they may appear on-line or on-
CDrom; they may even appear in books or across books or journals or maga-
zines. "And ah well..."

I notice the same politics, ideologies, and power-plays at work here as
in other areas of cultural discourse, and very little that is new; the
anarcho-libertarian position continues to hold, as does the situation-
ist; there's also the net.criticism manifesto arena and the Wired arena
which owes to cowboy rugged individualism; there are the descendents of
Che Guevara and descendents of Marx and Ronald Reagan and Fanon; and
there are those like myself who see ghosts and dismemberments in every
corner of the world, on and offline, but especially on.

Now Derrida is termed elderly, and others have taken over, and there is
the usual breaking and forgetting of history, and we can't forget that
in spite of the Sumerian cuneiform for the downloading, the Net has no
history, and although the archive of all history, in fact the immanence
of time itself, the Net has no time in its anecdotage. It is not that
what has gone before is doomed to repeat; it is that what has gone
before is flattened, turned into the pseudo-liberation of the hyper-
link.

Nothing, nothing, nothing, politics as usual, for that matter gender as
usual, class and race and age and nation and nation-state and denouement
as usual, and I would say that what we talk about is just less than our
dreams, more than idle chatter. 

Let us call forth a commencement within the immanence of time, before and
after it is to late; let us forget that there is no theory, no Jacques or
Richard or Julia or Jean-Paul; let us refuse to begin. For we are drawn
down and drawn within and beneath; we are the lost drawn generation; we
have been _sketched._


