


Parable


Daishin Nikuko wanted to travel from Fukuoka to Kyoto to attend the
races at Kamigamo. I, Daishin Nikuko, did ride the Shinkansen from one
island to another, skipping and jumping through mountain and tunnel. I
did think that a parable is always rural, isn't that the case? Or that
it is from a small town surrounded by mountains or a desert. That would
place it in a valley or almost nomadic, a space surrounded by space. I
did think that a parable was remarkably pre-modern, but then thought,
what if cyberspace were a parable, that is a story of how we are all
gods and have come to this nexus in our lives. Then I thought, we are
not all gods, in fact, but I, Daishin Nikuko, am a god and yet I am
riding a shinkansen from Fukuoka to Kyoto to attend the races. Why must
I travel in this fashion from a city to a shrine, which might, for all
my background, be my shrine, my ascent, my descent? Then I thought,
perhaps I am doing this for you, and this was an epiphany. For if I did
not ride, I would not write, and I would not write about the ride,
which is how you get from Fukuoka to Kamigamo. So I am riding the train
so you will understand a parable is post-modern or modern as well. And
I am mentioning this train and the things I am thinking on this train.
And it is not so safe as a meadow or village or valley.

Now I am riding this train which is the train after the descent and
before the ascent. Because after the ascent and before the descent, I
partake of the gods and the villages; it is the villages that owe me
allegiance. It is the lame, the halt, the blind, the mute, the deaf,
the dumb, the troubled, that follow me. Those who are ruined know the
truth; by the truth, ye shall know them. For my followers are half in
the material of the world, the stuff of the world, and half in ecstasy,
although they know it not. And I am half in ascent, half in descent,
and of god, and I do know this. So I do bring this. And it is not safe,
but it is true and salvation.

I, Daishin Nikuko, the god of pain, do say, you are all in pain, you
are all in pain and ruined: now follow me.


