


Nikuko for Sale


    "I must seem a horrible character to you, but the fact is that I want
to die so badly I can't stand it. Ever since I was born I have been
thinking of nothing but dying. It would be better for everyone concerned
if I were dead, that's certain. And yet I can't seem to die. There's
something strange and frightening, like God, which won't let me die."
    "That's because you have your work."
    "My work doesn't mean a thing. I don't write either masterpieces or
failures. If people say something is good, it becomes good. If they say
it's bad, it becomes bad. But what frightens me is that somewhere in the
world there is a God. There is, isn't there?"
    "I haven't any idea."

This is from Dazai Osamu's Villon's Wife, translated by Donald Keene, and
it is been my arm and a leg for many a year. For I, Nikuko Daishin, also
want to die, and am making the following offering:

For three dollars, you may fuck me, Daishin Nikuko. You may fuck me any
way you choose, so long as I come hard, just like you will come hard. You
may tie me up like an object or a bag for another three dollars, and do
your way with me. If you make me a thing, you will have a refund of three
dollars, if I come because I am your thing. But I will never be your thing
for long, no, I will become great and strong.

For four dollars, you may kill me, and there will be no refund. You may
kill me only once, and it will be to your honor. "It will be to your honor
to kill me," they will say, and it will be true. This is very important,
and the money must not be returned.

For five dollars, you may have a finger of mine, and there are only eight
fingers and two thumbs to distribute. And for six, you may have a wrist,
and there are only two in this manner. I have my thoughts about these, but
they are difficult to sell, and besides, I choose not to.

For ten there is a breast with its nipple, and for ten, the other breast.
For twenty, there is a cunt, and for fifty, an eye, and for one hundred,
the other eye as well. You may have my tongue for nothing, and my throat
too, since I speak with these, teasingly inviting you to my cutting and
dismemberment. You may however pay two-hundred for my throat and tongue if
you but fuck me and I come as you come, since I will still have need of
speech and other phenomena.

You must think of an arm for twenty and the other arm for forty, after the
first, and one leg for thirty, but it must not include the moist part
where the thigh is joined. You may have the other leg for fifty, and it
will include the moist part, but not the cunt. The cunt is not empty air,
it is flesh. You may not resell anything at all, but may only keep what
you buy. You may pass what you buy on elsewhere when you die, and it will
be your choice, but I would rather have what you buy accompany you in
death, and there for you the matter will end.

You must not think you are making a bargain here, because it is a bargain
for me to feel the knife or rope or to feel that I have received pleasure
or that I will not continue. You must know I can grow new arms, legs,
fingers, breasts, cunts, wrists, thighs, and eyes, and that I can grow new
throats and tongues, and that these are my will. You must know I can grow
new lives as well, and that I can fuck you forever, and come at will, and
for that matter multiple or almost infinite times, as my eyes emit beams
that will cover or dissect the flesh that is carrying on. [Translator's
note - in other words, that the laser-eyes cut flesh, but that the eyes
themselves are not cut, although they are sold in such an appearance.]
I love the beams in my eyes and they mow down millions.

You must think of the anguish you are causing yourself and me and all its
pleasure, and you must not think too hard about this. It is very worri-
some, this anguish and pleasure. I, Daishin Nikuko, will become, however,
wealthy, and this will give me much pleasure. I will buy and sell time and
space as well, but you must have a place to put them, and I will sell that
as well and this is how I will make a large fortune.

This offer stands as long as you remember it, and can furthermore write or
email me, although there are no other details, and this is all there is to
the offer, and there are no clauses or for that matter anything to discuss
at all. I would say the matter is closed, and you can think of such matter
to any extent that will give you pleasure, and this will be a further in-
centive to me as well.

