


Some stuff I'm going to talk about on Wednesday (UC Santa Cruz, 5/6/98)


My Internet Text began around the end of 1993, and is now about 6 megs
long. Texts are sent, most often once a day, to various lists - always to
Fop-l and Cybermind, earlier to Future Culture, and later, on occasion, to
Poetics. Rarely, texts are sent to other lists as well, including nettime
and eyebeam.

Early on, I began with issues of recognition, address, protocol, desire,
and the self as a continuous rewrite; there were avatars such as Tiffany,
Honey, and Travis, laying the ground - speaking as if they were on MOOs,
MUDs, or IRC.

Later on, long-wave formats developed - considerations of early mid-east
languages in relation to the Net, self-reflexive avatars such as Jennifer
and Julu, transgressive avatars such as Nikuko, Net archeologies, issues
of epistemology and ontology - almost everything with virtual subjectivity
as an underlying theme.

The normative mode has been writing, using intersections or interpenetra-
tions as well - for example, altering sendmail.cfg files, simple hackings
of IRC or newsgroups, multiple entries into talkers or MOOs, use of the
doctor (Eliza) program on emacs, and creative use of perl, sed, and awk
for active or passive text alterations/substitutions.

Other modes have included graphics and the results of javascripting, as
well as experimental webpages available only when my desktop is online.

The first site for the text was at jefferson.village.virginia.edu as part
of the Spoons philosophy lists; this used absolute URLs and the gopher
protocol and was set up by one of the Spoons members. There are currently
space limitations here.

The mirror site, through Jerry Everard, is at the Australian National Un-
iversity in Canberra, and employs relative URLs and the http:// protocol.

Both sites share texts; the latter also has graphics and javascript.

In working through the texts, I have also used CuSeeMe, Iphone, a private
MOO, and other forms which create "experience" and alternative viewpoints
for the writing. To whatever extent is possible, I put myself on the line.

Both sites share resumes and indexing. The index file is passive (not
hypertext) and lists the broad subjects of the text. Files are named in
various orders, the most prominent being a,b,c, etc. - then aa, ab, etc. -
but these orders are broken and skipped for various reasons. In other
words, the ordering is somewhat irregular, although the order is clear on
the opening page.

The Internet Text, like the Fop-l or Cybermind lists, possesses its own
aura, which includes the lists, the Jennifer book printed by Chris Alex-
ander, the various e-zine and off-line reprints, Being on Line, various
talks, and so forth.

The text is obsessive; I write/read every day. If I can't for one or ano-
ther reason, I develop insomnia, shuddering, excessive self-doubt. In
other words, an addiction. 

The text pushes boundaries, towards an intermingling of forms, self and
avatar, performative and declarative modes, and so forth. When the text
"works" for me, I feel uncomfortable.

When defuge, decathected exhaustion, sets in, I may rely on quotations of
other authors to provide impetus, or my own older texts. But there are
themes that run their course, long-waves and shorter (such as the current
parable series), that carry me along.

I ransack sources and cultures, searching for communicative and epistem-
ological resonances - such as Australian CB behavior, or the distribution
of cuneiform systems in the early mid-east.

While I tend to use metaphors, and the avatars themselves may be consid-
ered as such, I refuse to reify metaphor, to treat it as a determinative
articulation. In this fashion, I have little to say, except that self and
other and text, etc., are dissolutions, splays, sprays, emissions; there
are no end to them, nor to theoretical articulations.

I think of the Text as the massification of theory and a deconstruction
degree-zero which devours itself; theoretical part-objects are thrown off
as so much centrifugal debris. There is a pointillism to all of this, just
as there would be in the investigation of any world.

Finally, I consider that I write / wryte myself into existence, and that I
just as easily write / wryte  myself out of existence. I am a fabrication
of language. The fabrication tends towards transgression as write - writ-
ing in the usual sense - tends towards normative activity, and wryte - the
almost hysteric pushing of the body and desire through language - tends
towards a discomfort which brings the material of the self to the fore-
ground (hence the occasional emphasis on Net sex).


