


Parable of the Spoor


I, Daishin Nikuko, will wander the foreign land of my unnatural destiny
or in other words, I will see the shores of America, or the virgin
returns.  This will happen with a frequency approaching one within the
week. Now it is within the week; before, within the month, the season,
the half-year. Now I will leave and take with me that particular scent
or intensity for which I have become known, and I ask of you, what
shall I bring from Japan to North America, what item imbued with the
numinous? When it is true that beyond me, I believe in no other spirit,
then what shell or husk or carapace need accompany this shell, husk, or
carapace? For my spirit flows like sake from my holes into yours, and
not even gods are filled with infinite capacity. I would beat my chest
into submission towards my head lowering from the region of the neck. I
would drink my breasts, black and blue, until, satiated, I am once
again healed, in order to offer them and myself, but with a price no
one ever wants to pay. 

Consider me, then, a swollen drop or pillow; consider the accompanying
shell or husk or fetish, a thread of liquid or cotton; consider what I
will drag from Japan as the perfect symbol. For the symbol must pervade
all and continue to pervade; it must be the scent of my breath, taste
of saliva.

I will take blank air and earth; thus the absence of Zen. I will take
Buddha on my back, the curved-jewel magatama on my front; thus the
lamina of religious yearning. I will take the night, in order that I
claim the night, that I take it back. I will take the day; I will take
none of this, have none of this. I will take my tongue to write upon
your body. I will take your body upon my tongue.

There are worlds I will take, towns I will take, Chiyomachi for one. I
will take stones and mirrors, bamboo and _My Melody._ I will take a
shrine back and a temple. I will fly forward and backward. I will be
lost in noise. I will guard my back. I will watch my back. 

Thus all of us are nomads trailing the perfect fetish behind them; it
is always too late to return to our backs, examine the fortune of the
carapace, and proceed as if our lives were sensed by time. 

The _souvenir_ loses interest in the _moral._


---then---


I sense this parable is too simple, too influenced by my life, says
Alan Sondheim. I sense it's broken because I'm breaking back in America
like a wave breaks on a beachhead, into pieces. I sense it's broken
because the language fudges itself, goes nowhere. I sense Daishin
Nikuko doesn't have anything to say, she just runs around showing her-
self off as if there hadn't been a century of feminism behind her. I
sense jealousy on her part because she just does that and quotes Zara-
thustra out of context, says Alan Sondheim, because she can't come up
with anything like Zarathustra. I sense she's desperate to leave a
trail behind her because I'm desperate to leave a trail behind me.
There is always a parable in a parable and that's the parable of power
and despair before death. I sense someone is wielding the knife and I
ask about the knife. I could have had the knife. I could have killed.

Oh, said Daishin Nikuko, look what I just said.


