



Nikuko and Crash-Land Tokyo


As you may remember, I, Daishin Nikuko, have extensively written about
Crash-Land Tokyo, my bar away from home, and now all of this has come
true. For I have been leaving and attempting to leave the land of my
birthing, coming to America for no good reason, and I have been attempt-
ing such leaving for two days now. I have taken an airline which shall of
course remain unnamed, but Soseki would have approved of its malfeasance,
and what did happen was that I, Daishin Nikuko, decided after all to take
my trust in technology, flying an airplane, or rather being flown in one,
rather than use my more spiritual measures of bodily transference. In any
case, having left Fukuoka for Nagoya, and then leaving for the shores of
America from Nagoya, we arrived at a point a half hour over the pacific
when we turned immediately back the pilot announcing a difficulty with
hydraulics. We did in fact hear odd noises on take-off, to which he re-
ferred. Further, on landing in Narita, where there were purportedly crash
vehicles waiting for us, the enormous plane shuddered and rumbled, almost
sending us into the seats ahead. Never fearing, the problem was worked on
for three hours while we wandered into the Narita evening, and we boarded
once again. This time we made it a goodly third across the Pacific before
a second problem was discovered and we turned back once again; later we
were quietly told by inside sources that in fact not only did another sys-
tem misbehave, but the autopilot and other controls had stopped function-
ing. At this point, after two near crash-lands, the airline had had enough
of us, and we were escorted to a hotel overnight; now we are traveling on
another line and another flight, in fact another line of flight, and are
far too removed to turn back.

I should add that I, Daishin Nikuko, would have made an excellent auto-
pilot myself, had I been asked. I did note one interesting sensation, and
this after leaving Japan, that even when we turned about for the second
time and knew the delicate imminence of possible catastrophe, I, godlike
and spiritual flesh-girl did not care, was in fact disinvested from the
whole thing, watching with mute eyes among the nervousness of my neighbor.
What could this be but the onset of untoward collapse, I wonder? For there
was little desire to do anything but perhaps take a decent digital picture
- alas, when we landed, the fire engines were too dark, even with the
flashing lights, for anything _decent_ to emerge.

Thus my descent into darkness proved as ever anti-climactic, but what else
would in fact be possible for such as myself; all events that have ever
occurred, occurred in Nakasukawabata, near the subway station perhaps, and
I am thousands of miles away, rushing into the impenetrable noise of Amer-
ica, where I shall wish catastrophe upon one and all.

