




Splitting, breaking, and doubling of reals


I want to write about Japan or any similar visitation as a _traumatic
function,_ the displacement of the _one_ for the _other,_ where both are
of the nature of the continuum, that is a continuous real without breaks
or ruptures - the semblance of coherency. 

One might consider for example the weight of the ground, its obduracy and
delineation between two rows of low and connected buildings. One might
consider the sky which is of the color and consistency of milk, with even
the fleeced clouds dissolving into the other's dream, dream of the other. 

The trauma is that of the completely other that can't be bridged, that
opens the soul to its own incoherencies, desires, collapses, dissolutions.

Words that indicate the same or difference, ichiman, genki, arigato, which
have no application _here_ in the space of New York - that part of the
conversation diminishing, disappearing, as well as the socius and phenom-
enology surrounding the concepts. Here there is no place for _this_ other
knowledge, this knowledge of the other - there's nothing but the _burrow._
Inhabit that!

I don't trust the sun any longer.
Nor do I trust the moon.

I am a vector deposited from one place to the other, from the other to the
one. As such, I am "such" - always already newly arrived. Although I can
state the obvious, I cannot see the other as myself, myself as other. 

I have been cut by a knife, by an early Japanese sword, straight, the
hiro-zukuri type without a ridge-line. On one side that flat Chiyo street,
of which any speaking cannot remove the weight or 2 a.m. foot-sound - on
the other, what has become a carapace elsewhere, let us say San Francisco,
Mission, let us say New York, let us say here and now. Just as the future
is already a memory. 

"There is still a kind of numbness in the houses, a shock caused by the
all too sudden eruption of the little town from the surface of silence."
Thus Chiyomachi. (Max Picard, The World of Silence.)

There is a secondary shock of the image of the town erupting in the midst
of the other, both drawn together by frayed twine, breaking again and
again. To live in the midst of these breakdowns, to see double, not to see
at all.

Not even this speaking connects them, only points to you as a parcel de-
livered across the planet. You are the recipient of a broken double. Here,
the wind is howling and I hear the sound of a tree being cut down and it
is still 2 a.m. in the morning. In another two hours the soul will wither.

Nor do I understand the imperviousness of kanji, the roots of the image.
Nor that of the syllable, nor that of the alphabet.

These words are unknown to me.

Traumatic displacement.

The function of the symptom is always already to point to absolute alter-
ity. The symptom is the virus. This text to you is just such a symptom,
such a virus.

I do not understand the clouds.
Nor do I understand the stars.
Nor do I understand the clouds.


