

The Many


"with five hundred [branches] from the Heavenly Mount Kagu, and taking and
putting upon its upper branches the augustly complete [string] of curved
jewels eight feet [long], - of five hundred jewels, - and taking and tying
to the middle branches the mirror eight feet [long]," (Kojiki, trans.
Chamberlain.)

Consider that animism inverts, say that Shinto (which is related) creates
a 1/f(x), functional inversion of the kami, so that what is outer and re-
lated infinitely may for example be mapped on the continuum 0 - 1. Let,
for that matter, this continuum be open on both ends, i.e. 0 <- - -> 1,
approaches to 0 and 1, so that neither annihilation nor the perfection of
the infinite will be attainable. Then, I say to you, let this open con-
tinuum be tripled, i.e. composed of triples based on the three directions;
map it within the interior of the human body, and reside, within yourself
the infinite kami, the gods and godesses parcelled among your cells, holy
distributions and intensities - which will increase indefinitely, infin-
itely, near the borders of the skin itself, since almost every kami will
be beyond itself, at enormous distances from the body, erect or supine. 

Then within the body, erect or supine, such infinite kami will manifest
intercourse, colloquia, symposia, creations and destructions, the inhabi-
tation of infinite worlds. Thus the body will be multiplicity, the skin
shattered or distended and peopled or godded with the infinity of being. 
I say this unto you, that this is the case of the body in actual and real
fact, this mapping within all of us, this accumulation of beings pulling
and pushing at us beyond all comprehension. Ego and I are nothing more
than maintenance for them. Some of them, like Jennifer, Julu, Nikuko, push
out through the margins; they see the daylight, what they have created.
They are glad for the journey. Others, darker, remain within; perhaps they
are waiting, perhaps they are not, they do not tell us.

This is the spoken truth, rev Derrida.


