

Memo, Love of Memo (which I'd dedicate to Spoerri, but that's obscure!)


These are your current messages:

Water plants.
Saul - for 1962 issue, essay on truth, Wittgenstein, Israel 62-63.
Lawyer for title search?
Theresa Senft's in town towards the beginning of September
Contact Peggy Ahwesh for speaking at Bard, YAY, in the fall
Sven and Sonia for final dates, etc. next Monday 18th 
Foofwa, weekend? Chris / Phyllis
Reading Oct. 30 / New Obs / Chris A. on book / Jamie /Guiseppe on book

Of less than passing interest, a memo for your amusement - this remaining
on my linux box for the time I was in Fukuoka. The plants were watered,
the issue may be in abeyance, the title search wasn't necesary, I missed
Theresa, I spoke at Bard, the final dates weren't so final, I saw Foofwa
and Chris, I never met Phyllis, I did the reading, Chris A. published the
book YAY, Jamie I never heard back from, Guiseppe's still in touch very
occasionally.

Actually, the plants were gone, delivered to 'Tom and Leslie''s, where
they have flourished beautifully, they include a somewhat rare opuntia
gathered with Margaret from a Georgia sea island. Tom's also got a North
Carolina version, and has promised me a cutting - we'll see! Their roof
garden is doing wonderfully, although a tree fell off the wooden deck
directly onto the asphalt. High winds! 

Bard, I hardly remember. I was going to play a videotape, but the talk
dominated. This has happened recently - I show up with multimedia in hand,
then proceed to ignore it. I remember the tape was somewhat sexual,
abject, and discomforting, dealing with net sex, and I thought it might
have gloomed the room. (Not that net sex is gloomy - but the student body,
literally, was conservative, and I was feeling depressed anyway.) Now, in
New York, it's filed away somewhere - I can't find it, because the whole
loft has been rearranged, and the tapes taken up and placed in bags. 

Theresa was co-editor of the Women and Performance issue on Cybersex,
which I _do_ have somewhere around here; I had a short piece in it dealing
with Net addiction, seeing the world through the affect of the screen. My
mother read it and for a change seemed to like it, although found it sad. 

Since I've returned, I've been looking to pick up work, and I find it
difficult to get teaching; I was told that enrollment is down at the New
School because of the Asian crisis - students not coming. The same seems
to be true in Australian universities. This effects me directly; I haven't
been able to find any employment at all, and am thinking of doing a 'tour'
with my theory-and-practice work in hand, in the fall. At least then I'd
be doing something I love! In the meantime, I have an appointment with
Sven in mid-June. But I'm 55, and who will ever hire me again? 

Chris is great by the way! I will see her when I return from Pennsylvania
at the end of next week. She asked me if I wanted to watch the last Sein-
feld episode with her, but tomorrow is trash collection day, and I'm
taking out more of the trash that Pieter has left behind. Mark is supposed
to help me, and will, after nine o'clock, and I worry that Julie will be
kept awake by the noise. As for Julie, I'm teaching her internet tomorrow
night!

The reading was with David Bromidge and went really well - I used a Mac
and its voices to complement my own, not compliment! I loved it! The Mac
sang and sang and I just went ahead and read along with it. The texts were
Jennifer and Julu texts, some close to unpronouncable; the machine did
marvels. We had a nice audience and yes, compliments as well!

The memo, by the way, is from a memo program I wrote in Perl 5; I run it
on login, with my panix shell account, as well as my linux box. I had it
running at gol.com in Japan, but gol.com decided not to let users run
ANYTHING from their shells, more and more protection for their own good,
not ours. Shell programs still run there, but nothing else; I haven't
rewritten for the shell. I won't!

The Moon is Waning Gibbous (95% of Full) (This is now, not then, the pro-
gram coming into play as soon as logon is completed. But then the date has
apparently skipped a beat.)


Would you like to erase lines? If yes, type y.

Would you like to add to current message list? If so, type y.

{b:1} seyon


