


Parable


(I, Daishin Nikuko, think, Zarathustra talks too much! He's too noisy!
He's got a message! There's no space in it. He thinks there doesn't need
to be any space! There just needs to be a big swollen guy. Now I, Dai-
shin Nikuko, will tell the truth here. I will tell the truth in a para-
ble, and the parable in the truth. For a true parable has no truth, and
the truth has no parable. Please make yourself comfortable and listen to
me carefully. Close your eyes, Xerxes, close your eyes.)


Daishin Nikuko meets Zarathustra on the side of a mountain. We fought
mightily, he from above, I from below. There was no giving and no speak-
ing. He wandered about in the meadow; I pulled him up short. He could
peer down my dress! He foreswore sex, but he couldn't help looking. But
I, Daishin Nikuko, won this battle, not from the courage of the body,
but from the strength of the mind and the heart. I, Daishin Nikuko, had
my way with Zarathustra! Zarathustra, beg! Zarathustra, say the safe
word!

Zarathustra screams about the transvaluation of all values, and I scream
in return, what are "trans"? I said. Do they run on time? Zarathustra
says I am of the body and he of the air; he has overturned the Buddhist!
I do not listen; I remember! Zarathustra, I say, what is "of"? What is
"all"? What are "values"? I say Do they run on time? Zarathustra says,
they run on space, run on sentences! They run on words, they are words!

Ah, Zarathustra, I am flooded with words, what is "they"? What is "are"?
What are "words"? Because you are over me, I will conquer thee. Because
thou art lord, thou art lowered. Because there is neither woman nor man
and because there are both woman and man, thou art lost. Because thou
art on the ragged peak of the mountain, thou art penetrated! Because
thou art penetrated, thou hast holes. Hast thou seen thine holes? Hast
thou peered through them? What are "holes"?

If not, I, Daishin Nikuko, say, worlds surrounded by worlds, multiplic-
ity unencumbered by words and values! I will beat you, Zarathustra, and
I will beat you up from being down! I will play the game of the serpent
and the game of the fox. I will not play the game of the eagle! I have
devoured the snakes of Medusa! They swell my belly, my cunt, my arms, my
legs!

I have no values! There is no up, no down, no mountain! There is no
tree! There is no valley! There is no brook, no blind monk, no hermit!
There are no worlds, no wars! I have mastered the tide; with Xerxes, I
remained longer by the ocean, on bended knee by the shore! With Xerxes,
I did return the tide; it took hours! With Xerxes, I did stop the waters
and with Xerxes, I did blind the mad mad Emperor!

I, Daishin Nikuko, I!

I! I! I!


