


Writing texts in states


[What theory occurs in relation to what theorizer, what body, what
state? Too often, health is assumed, what would pass for perfect
European health. Too often, neutrality as well; even now, after so
much feminist theory, the body is assumed as textual background or
a form of texting itself. What about theory-during-masturbation? 
Theory-after? Theory in the realm of dreams, sick-writing-theory?
In _Disorders of the Real,_ I tackled this problem, that of fever
for example, and the (apparent, from the standpoint of normative
health) disturbances, hallucinations, dissolutions it produced in
the text. Forget my words below; these are remaining-issues, uncom-
fortable, dis-eased. No longer can I think beyond sputterings, flow
of weakness, lassitude. No wonder the texts dissolve.]

Pico zz, touch zz, I touch the file to begin the file.
Do you write when you are aroused? After masturbation.
Theory appears after masturbation, desexualized, abstracted, precise.
Theory before masturbation, filled with desire, innuendo, body.
Writing with a migraine, looking elsewhere than the screen:
The text becomes an act of memory, recall, recounting.
Later, one may recuperate the text; now, it is painful to observe.
Writing with hunger, thirst: intention dominates, teleology.
Exhausted writing: despair as the foundation of ethics, ontology.
Idealism is the result of satiation; materialism, of scarcity economics.
Conventionalism is the product of renewing subscriptions, consumption;
formalism, defense and offense of aristocracy.
The conditions of a dull, humid day: the aphorism.
Sick now, theory in the form of confession.
Having traveled, theory in the form of displacement, multiculturalism.
Having arrived, theory as fortification against violence, seepage.
Pico you, touch you, I touch you to begin you.
Touch you, I touch you to make you.
_I touch the file to begin the file._


[In Unix/Linux, 'touch x' creates file x; 'pico x' opens the pico editor
with file x - if x did not exist, pico touches it.]

