"

Dria says, "you just have to understand what it is that you're getting
into..."

Dria says, "but it is possible to get so much more from it...real love,
can gro w out here."

Martin says, "Jerry's talking ..."
Raxcip says, "yes, of course. "
Dria says, "you sound unconvinced. :)"
Raxcip says, "My friend was a world away."
Dria nods
Dria says, "aye...I know what it's like."

Alan says, "One of the speakers is talking about how he enjoyed watching
the th e screen and Alan and the timekeeping.  This, I (Richard) think
is an example o f how net.sex affords a greater opportunity for
voyeurism."

Dria grins
Martin grins

Raxcip says, "I find it hard to exist both here on teh net and in RL,
 and wholy give oneself in either space.  I choose the Real."

Dria says, "I toggle between.  I am not real."
Alan says, "I choose both.  The unreal has been very good to me."
zone laughs
Martin says, "I really like Ari's presentation ..."
Apocryphal says, "it seems..."
Raxcip fails to delineate.

Alan says, "Jon Marshall is asking about the ethical challenges posed by
net.se x."

Apocryphal says, "like there's no one-or-the-other each infects the
other"

Martin says, "The text was most lost on me ... but watching the images
of the h ands was definitely affaected by the MOOD of the text ..."

Alan says, "Don't forget that the Cathoholic Church has decreed that
 net.sex is a sin."

Dria says, "I walk out into the world 'rl' and I feel...unreal...it is
surreal. ..it all feels surreal.  I have realized that "I" am not real
(to anyone else, at least).  So why fight it."

zone exclaims, "!!!"
zone says, "That is astonishing."
Dria says, "you're not serious.  You *can't* be serious."
Alan is serious
Dria boggles
Speaker says, "Ari says even email is theatrical .."
Apocryphal says, "the screen as contraceptive"

Alan says, "Dria, I think in the long-run, this is a great development.
 With a simple decree, the Church has given credence to cyberlife.
 That's a good thin g."

Raxcip says, "the catholic church would never approve of fun without
consequenc e."

Dria says, "well, yeah, but.  It's still stupid. :>"

zone nods.  Yes.  Calling netsex a sin has in one fell swoop brought it
to the attention of the world...

Alan says, "Yeah, but I'll take a little near-sightedness with a lot of
vision- -even if the vision comes inadvertently."

Dria decides to ponder it for a bit before forming a real opinon.
Martin asks, "Any questions to ALan?"
Martin says, "No"
Martin says, "That's it ..."
Martin says, "next sesion in 5 minutes .."

Alan says, "That's it, and thank you. There's another panel in five
 minutes and I can possibly work this through as well - not sure what
 the situation will be ..."

