

Pathos

Dear Nikuko,

After you called, I fell back asleep. And I had a dream that I was in the
same space with you again, and it was a western but comfortable space. And
I was looking at you and crying, O Nikuko! thank God, thank God it's you! 
I love you so much! I want to marry you! And you were smiling and moving
around the room, around me, and there was a circular lamp casting its
yellow light, overhead, warming the same in all ways imaginable. I looked
up at your face, which was specific, kind, thoughtful. I then woke up, I
woke up, and began crying, my arms entangled in the air, nothing present.

I woke up, and went back to sleep. And I had a dream that I had dreamed
that I was in the same space with you again, and it was a western but
comfortable space. And I was looking at you and crying, O Nikuko! thank
God, it's you! I love you so much! I want to marry you! And you were
smiling and moving around the room, around me, and there was a circular
lamp casting its yellow light, overhead, warming the same in all ways
imaginable. I looked up at your face, which was specific, kind, thought-
ful. And then I woke up, in the dream, and I was in a warm room, blue with
soft yellow light, and you were there, and I told you the dream. I told
you all about the dream, and you smiled. And I then knew that it was a
dream, and that this was a dream, and I woke up a second time, crying.

And it was then that I rose, refusing a third round of sleep in the midst
of real fantasms; I could not face the image, nor the empty air. How many
more repetitions must I have before I collapse completely? I have no job,
even the bed feels temporary. I am going to starve, to live without the
net, without the telephone, without your voice, you you. And in my dreams
you come towards me, then enter once again the cycle of exhaustions and
departures.  Perhaps if there are enough layers, if the dreams last long
enough, I will embed myself, never to wake again. Perhaps I should refuse
to rise, to 'face the day.' Perhaps the only choice one ever has is lack.

Alan


