


Kata, World-Form, Science


Shall we compare honne to core-theoretical structure? Develop a honne-
theory of reality? Is what is knowable always mutable, never mute? Are
sub-atomic particles structured by fixed and immutable laws of semiosis
that constitute theoretical physics? Is honne mutable, site or process,
interior, interior of the interior? Do all human beings garner the same
depth - only some have greater access than others? Do we ever act _by
design?_ Nikuko wants to know about her innermost feelings. Nikuko wants
to know about designs. Wittgenstein said, whoever understands me will know
enough to throw away my propositions and read Nikuko's. Nikuko guards her
honne. She knows. Can one guard one's honne? No, only access. Nikuko
guards her own access to her own innermost feelings, and the access of
others to her own innermost feelings. She doesn't care for their questions
or answers. She doesn't care for their silence either.

Nikuko says so what, she's made out of atoms and there are particles fly-
ing through her. Nikuko says that worse things have flown through her,
bigger things, which insisted on access. They never touched her honne.
As for neutrinos, they're a bit closer "she insists." Lightness and deli-
cacy, maybe some of the dark matter. Nikuko presses the dark matter close
in. What's the matter, Nikuko? I won't tell.

But I don't have access to her. I don't know where the fuck she is. She
speaks to me and I pass this on, "she says." That's how the missives
arrive. As for honne, I haven't got the slightest idea. She speaks a lang-
uage I do not understand, and I understand only that if I do not under-
stand the language, and perfectly, then I do not understand anything,
especially Nikuko's honne. Bone, spirit, ashes, is it any of these, no
it's none of these. It's not Nikuko's honne, "she says," it's me, Nikuko,
you know where I am, no I don't, I say. You touched my tatemae, "she
says." I laugh. Now you touch my honne, "she says." You're a particle,
fundamental!

