


Big Sake Writer


At least zen has those last lines which fracture the world!
Open everything up, Nikuko writes from Japan, saying, why
am I in America, Alan, Nikuko now?

So that if you part my legs you find my legs, 
and if you part my legs, you find my legs!

So that if you don't free yourself from axioms, reading, in other words,
the whole operation of deconstruction taken for granted, 
here come the texts, there go the texts,
then you're bound by letter and syllable,
you're bound by word and phrase,
you're bound by paragraphs from then on stuffing the mouth
with the stuff of language, better to read the moon in the dawn,
sun in the dusk, stars in my cunt, eyes in your bones!

Now that was easy, wasn't it, an indication
that I've hardly reached satori, me, Daishin Nikuko, but what need have I
of satori, what need have I of koan, zazen, anything you throw at me
but the money which keeps me going, kami of Nakasukawabata, 
you probably didn't know that kamis could be like that, did you,
but here I am, making my own religion, hito-kami! hito-kami!
from the dust of koans, the whoosh whoosh answer of the clapping hand,
you've all heard of that, haven't you,
pay me whatever you think the advice is worth
or I'll give you the best sex of your life, don't you see
that's the biggest threat in the whole wide world!

Now where the hell am I, Daishin Nikuko, I just got off at Tenjin,
went into the IMS building looking for that sixth-floor restaurant
and all the rice and chicken, not always the best pieces 
but the best customers, they stared at me with my dark glasses -
Aussie cowboy hat and the shortest skirt you ever saw, fuck, I was naked -
unmistakable - you know the scent, you know the odor,
you know the scent, you know the odor

Satori's for those who can afford it, me
I've had thousands of satoris a day, millions of waka, haiku
thrown about, I've drowned in seventeen thirty one ninety nine syllables
you bet!, there's nothing you can tell me,
no way you can surprise me, don't forget
if I didn't make you, nobody did!

If I didn't make you, nobody did!

Ichiman-zen! Ten-thousand!


