


"My Lovely Folded Sleeve"


"Perhaps the only choice one ever has is lack." And from what I have seen
this is true. First, lack in the form of negation is the originary moment
of organic drive, organ-organism; second, that deflection, effacement,
dissuasion, are all that remain against inhabitation. Thus one can always
cauterize, no matter what tumescence is served by the presence of biochem-

in the past I have written of uneasy dreams, now it is clear
that Basho's withered fields containing their wandering have
augmented my inhabitation, devoured me; I live as you dream
and when you have discarded me, I will cling to your rim

In order that I write better than ever, it is necessary to pare down; that
is the benefit of age which always withdraws, forecloses - to the extent
that death becomes perfection. Then one sees the edges and delineations of
the walls. Then the specificity of the portal and the safeword-keyword
which guards against return. 

hollows caved in like thick tubes running across 
the abdomen harboring scripts, because all flesh 
creases itself containing all writing in its folds

I was the first to use the fold. I was the first to fold. I did begin with
the surface, turned inward. I did begin with a covering and recovering,
and then with considerable dexterity, I was the first to use the fold. I
was the first to fold.

The rim is where the lack transforms into geometry, topography; I am
speaking of the geodesics, or rather insist on speech as geodesic, what
is said constituting the shortest distance between silence and otherwise. 
But I am comfortable with the noise that ensues before the construct of
meaning, which means, in relation to meaning, that I mean to be misunder-
stood; this is an absolute fact, for example, that lack can only be a
deflection from the true content - or that substitution, for example, can
only be a way of hindering an emergence which would slaughter me. 

You want to know what would emerge? You want to know? I will tell you what
would emerge?

She began the narrative excitedly; there was no stopping her! She trembled
and began and continued to write. It was always a beginning. She found her
speech got in her way, which meant, it was a symptom. For her it was a
symptom but she insisted all the time that she was a good person and did-
n't mean to do the things she did, they just happened and she didn't know
why they happened, but she had a headache. So she continued to write and
changed her name into her secret name, her very secret name, N., which was
her most very secret name. Sometimes she would whisper it and her teddy
bear would listen. Her secret name, which she is thinking of right now,
right at this very moment, but will not tell you.

You won't get it out of her, she writes, and she is writing this now. You
won't ever get it out.


