



Situating the recent texts - 


(Think of them in relation to the following.)

1 Issues of departure, punctum - carrying mementos which then trigger, not
memories, but reconstitutions - so that there are skeins of mementos re-
sulting in articulating structures across membranes, emerging and building
the membrane. Identity is lost among mementos, membrane, ego, background
information which is always already a reconstitution itself.

2 Issues of sloughed, discarded, displaced, replaced identities - Nikuko,
Jennifer, and Julu disappearing into "she," Alan as back-and-forth shuttle
- again, a skein or membrane, in this case, of sliding functions of attri-
butions, destabilized. Although the Net becomes a locus of stability, its
fast-forward development and easy avatar construction/transformation
creates potentials for merging/submerging as well. Truth is replaced by
functional or dysfunctional constructions.

3 Differentiations between local and non-local topographies, the latter,
within the physical world, at an _absolute_ remove, no immanence, no tran-
scendence. It is different on-line, and on-line global hyper-linking gives
the false potential of imminence; only lag brings the machinery to the
foreground for most users.

4 Among issues of slippage, skeins, membranes, science as _that structure_
differentiated from all others, in the sense of its core-theoretical arm-
ature. Relating this to a writing-degree-zero (taken from Barthes of
course), or a weakened absolute vis-a-vis the humanities.

5 Among issues of transcendence, a ruptured shintoism as god-generator,
problematizing the distinction between "mundane" and "spiritual" in worlds
among worlds, without redemption (which I do not believe is possible).

6 The author slides as well, and who is writing this outline or summari-
zation, who is responsible for these words? Responsibility fragments as
part-objects fly everywhere, as texts transform into sourceless clutter. 

7 Nikuko continues to remain a nexus or problematic - of language, gender,
positioning of the "name" or vector. _I would not be surprised to meet
Alan on the street someday, no matter how much I am aware of the virtual,_
Nikuko says. Nikuko is a probe, the sensitive written skin or membrane of
the analysis, both actant and residue.

8 Dream, lack, rim, touching the file / touching the body, continue to
play roles as guiding metaphors. The _dream_ is an intermediary state
among dreams and reals; _lack_ references ontological and epistemological
issues; _rim_ relates to rim-job, effluvia, balancing, discomfort of in-
termediary states. Every file touched is a (virtual) body touched; every
reference to Nikuko contributes to her body, is a performance by Nikuko.
(Exalted) Positions are jostled; the destabilization results in semiotic
sprays/splays emissions (of texts, part-objects, sputterings, mementos),
gathered together across membranes, lamina...

9 The sexual, emotional, and political economies of Jennifer, Alan, Julu,
and Nikuko, but I would let the others speak for that. Adolescent!


