

Meeting the idioms from their EFL course, they lived, loved, and played.


Jennifer thought that Nikuko was really something, really beautiful, some-
thing else again. She knew Nikuko was a "cyberpunk," but that only wetted
her interest. You're out of your mind, "Julu said." Jennifer took this as
a put-down, and became really depressed. She couldn't put up with it; she
had given as good as she got, and this was hardly compensation. Meanwhile,
Nikuko got to her in dreams. Get real, "Julu exclaimed." I don't seem to
be able to get through to you. Jennifer was exhausted losing weight. Niku-
ko asked her, do you two get along, and Jennifer began to wonder about Ju-
lu's mind games. I don't know, she replied slowly. Sometimes things get
confused, and they get out of hand. Nikuko nodded slowly, "adding," let's
get down and think about this. You want to get down with me, said "Jenni-
fer-shyly," and Nikuko smiled, "replying, we've" got to get to the bottom
of this. Bottom of what, Jennifer asked nicely, and Nikuko replied, Julu,
she gives me the creeps. Get off it, said Jennifer. The sun was a beauti-
ful day behind them, sinking the night as it rose from yesterday's dusk. 
I got the jump on "her," added Nikuko. Jennifer leaned back on the grass,
hoping they would get down to business, and get off Julu's case. Julu was
caught between a rock and a hard place; the weather turned dark around her
and she wondered about Jennifer's loyalty. Get off my case, she said to
Jennifer and from Jennifer, hopefully, to Nikuko. She wouldn't know. Don't
give me your lip, replied Jennifer, hoping that Julu would give her the
slip. You're out of your skull, Julu "said," "what's gotten into you." Ni-
kuko, who loves me, and I didn't give it a second thought, replied "Jenni-
fer." Nikuko, that's who. Julu "says," I want to get my hands on her!
She's a total freak, says Julu, getting hot under the collar. "Whatever,
Jennifer" replied, thinking that Julu would put out for anyone when she
was on the spot. Jennifer was interested. Get "it through" your head, she
said to Julu, it's all gone sour now. Julu looked beautiful in her get-up 
and Jennifer wanted to nail "her" with her twisted mind, spare "me"! she
replied to her. You're a sleazebag and a scumbag, "Nikuko" said "Julu."
"She's" not "herself" recently, she's "really messed up," she said. Sadly,
"she's a real hothead," a hit with her. Later, she was molested by the two
of them, she thought "to herself." She really lost it. She was spaced-out,
she said. They were gawking at her. She'd get hers.

