


Nikuko's Fantastic Scene from the Kojiki I.16!


Hey sun-goddess, come out of your cave! Wooo! Wooo! We're having all 
the fun out here, listen, everyone's laughing like crazy.

Hahaha!

Hey, look at me, I've lifted my outer garment and tugged at my inner
garment! I'm having fun playing the shamisen! Everyone's dancing like
crazy!

Wow, sun-goddess, it's pretty dark out here you know! I bet you can't
even see my nipples!

Damn it, sun-goddess, don't you know the troubles you're causing? We
can't see anything! I just stepped on a fish! Come on out now!

Gosh, sun-goddess, something's got to give! All the rice is dying, 
we're all going to starve to death! Can't have that, now can we! 

Oh please please please come out of your cave! It's not so bad out 
here! We know you're upset, but so what? Things happen all the time!
Oh please pretty please!

Hey, you should see her nipples, I bet you could with all that light
you keep going in your cave! We're all having glee and jollity now
thinking about her nipples and laughing, laughing, laughing!

Oh, I bet you'd find them big and brown, bobbing up and down like 
that, she's doing a terrific dance! Can't you hear us roaring with
giggles and chortling with happiness! Aren't you the least bit 
curious?

Now, it's time you came out, sun-goddess, we need a little light and
heat around here, you're selfish to keep it to yourself! The shamisen
skin's getting loose, the air's too cool, we can't keep this up 
forever!

Wow did you see that, sun-goddess! Oh heavens, I can hardly believe it!

Oh good grief, look at that!

Wow, this is really amazing, sun-goddess, I've never seen anything like
this in my life!

Wow!

Wooo! Wooo!

Wow, she's lifted up her outer garment just now, just a little peek,
you'd be amazed! We're having the time of our lives out here, and you're
all cooped up in that cave of yours!

Mercy, mercy! This is getting better and better! It's just incredible!

You'll never believe it, sun-goddess, she's just lifted up her inner 
garment, just a little!

Unbelievable!

Wow!

Sun-goddess, you're really missing something! She's lifted up her inner
garment a bit more, you can see up her legs and everything! Oh good
grief!

Wow!

You can see right up into her! She's got a lot of hair! Oh my god!
This is truly amazing!

This is terrific, sun-goddess, you can see right through her hair! Wow!
We're having the most marvelous time!

Hey, here's a mirror, you can have some fun with it too!

Oh, there you are, sun-goddess, we knew you'd come out - look, you can
see everything now! We'll just have to shut that cave behind you!

Oh! Oh! Oh! Here's the rice again!


