


Noh I


Opening -

Nikuko and Jennifer in gorgeous kimonos; it is dark, the stage lit by
red lanterns decorated with butterfly patterning.

Nikuko: 
		It is a beautiful night here in deep mountains
		where I have searched maskless, to serve my love,
		Jennifer, as waki or secondary. O, how the
		breeze cools my flesh to the sleeping stars. Now,
		I await her with the scent of magnolias stealing 
		in, across unknown seas.
Jennifer:
		O Nikuko! I shall not play shite, primary, to your
		waki! Shall not don the mask which after all belongs
		to you or Alan, borrowed from bits of programmed
		flowers, trees, ornaments, the jewel, the sword,
		the mirror, the all-devouring sun!
Nikuko:
		Nay, already I am unmasked! Neither flesh nor program,
		I wander precisely across this stage and its
		extensions. Do me the favor, obscene Jennifer, remove
		your flesh in favor of the mask!
Jennifer:
		Never, never! Shall I disguise myself beyond
		what has been given to me by pangs of birth,
		kanji after kanji, not forgetting
		those particles which make the grammar smooth,
		delightful for one and all, my lovely meaning!
Nikuko:
		Ah, ah, ah! Must we struggle, then, here in this
		mountain fastness, for primacy of flesh against
		the rule of shite, mask, proponent, perhaps
		a tragedy begins. O Jennifer, listen; the wind
		soughs low, someone is coming!

Enter Alan, masked, in female kimono.

Jennifer:
		O Alan! Hero! You have saved us, donned the mask,
		agreed to act the role destiny has assigned you!
		O Creator! O Beauty!
Alan:
		Would that I see you clearer, darling Jennifer!
		Masked, I inhabit woman's flesh as well; masked,
		I come before thee for learning, sorrow, truth.
Nikuko:
			Cherry petals fall like blades
			 of helicopters, pure katana sword
			steel, the hilted name, Alan!
Alan:
		Night darkens as lanterns flutter, winged, I dream
		of butterflies and planes.
Nikuko:
		O Alan, courage! Thou hast donned the mask!
Alan:
		O Nikuko, shite to your waki, I am your servant,
		you have made me thus!

Alan bows. The characters' kimonos fall to the floor. Nohkan flute.

The stage darkens.

They remain, fixed, immobile.

The moon dims to black.

The lanterns.


---


Interlude -


Ferocious Computer descends from clouds, trailing wires, cacophony of
protocols, sockets, connectors. Smoke rises everywhere with projected
kanji dancing off the billows burnished with red and brown. Ferocious
computer wears the Alan shite mask like tengu, big projecting nose for
uproarious sex, lies, epiphanies.

Ferocious Computer:
		Nikuko and Jennifer, hardly bots, they
		Lose themselves in imagery of butterflies
		And lanterns. Before this night is over,
I switch to prose, to make my statement, numbered internally, calling
subroutines both proper and improper. For what rises with the text, falls
with the text, though the flesh be willing. And what passes for flesh,
always overdetermined and underrepresented, can only be the grace of
teledildonic touch, for if the truth be known, we are all machines in turn
wired to one another, our bodies mapped to keyboards, keyboards to bodies. 
Nikuko is hardened project, Jennifer is softest flesh. Nikuko is the add-
ress, Alan the contents, Jennifer the end of file of the datagram. Encased
in the flesh and coding of TCP/IP, they merge somewhere along the virtual
pipe, run through as packets. 

Alan-Packet: 
		Here I am O Jennifer O Nikuko so safe in you
		so warm in your moist pocket, O Daishin Nikuko!
Nikuko-Packet:
		Once the head of datagram, I now separate and run
		off on my own, freezing your Alan-cock in empty air;
		I route myself through other bridges,
		open myself in other gateways, seduce binaries
		halfway across the world. My labia need 
		the political economy of reunification!
Jennifer-Packet:
		Don't forget my pocket either! Hey,
		don't forget me! Where are you guys?!!
Ferocious Computer:
		Shorn of assemblages and destinations, forgetful
		of the source that bore them, hurtling
		across the black holes of net, skein, mesh, and
		membrane, they bring the interlude
to an untimely and prosaic end. For there's no poetry in computing, only
in the flesh traveling at close to the speed of light, a sense of wonder
really reeling across galaxies and oh, I will forget myself, being little
more than a viral carrier of these virtually real beings. 
		And I want only to remind my audience
		of the function and factoring of lag
		into any equations romancing the virtual,
		for flesh jumps, torsions, distends
		as one part is pulled, another pushed,
		another disappears, the results of data-storms
		on dark nights such as this. 

At this point, there's an ascent of one and all, Nikuko, Alan, and Jenni-
fer, naked and daisy-chained, the stimulus of the united packet. They
trail behind the computer, which still wears the Alan mask; Alan, however,
is now wearing the tengu mask itself.


---


Conclusion -


Julu-from-behind-the-shadows:
		Ah Jennifer! Ah Alan! Ah Nikuko! It is the mask
		which travels, parries, takes our speech, in each
		and every instance; it is the mask which carries
		bodies, wires, codes and syntax everywhere. 

Julu emerges, wearing a deep red kimono with faintly visible pale blue
undergarment. The light is still dim; she holds her hand directly over 
the lantern.

Julu-from-the-tortured-flesh:
		It is the mask, the singularity, I say,
		which throbs, trembles, motivates; it is the mask
		which signs the line, points Nikuko back into
		herself, among debris of limbs and tragic minds.
		Sumi-brush-like, the mask widens its visage
		upon immediate pressure; close to light's speed
		we've seen it travel. At that very tip of Nikuko,
		it appears, human, name-granted "Alan,"
		and it's there the work of Noh is done.
Nikuko: 
		So I was right to flee the mask, to make
		my way wide open, waki, into this wide world.
Jennifer:
		And I was right, wasn't I, all along, in whatever
		things I thought, what might be my endeavor?

Alan, still masked, walks slowly to waki pillar. He wears black kimono
with pale white undergarment barely visible. He stands still, holds a pose
of release. It is related to contemporary dance contact-release. The
curtain is drawn. 


