


of the third


Italian into English from English:


           The of telephones enters into the question when I find
               It inserted into my body; what ring, ring true
             Against all odds OF thick encumbered flesh. O who
             Would you, deep within ME, the sound OF your voice
            Stalking my own, talking so CLOSE, hard to the bone?
                                  
            My toes sieve dirt; they pressure earth to vaginate,
            Scrape this flesh against every OTHER who has walked
         Thesis of shores. They DO come bake for more, the violence
          OF legs. They draw the writing into the sand. They sink
             Beneath the waves. Chaos is NOT noise; it behaves.
                                  
           The dream is inaccessible. The dream suspends, objects
          Hardly there or within the air; they case, smash. Sound
           Come from a of telephones buried deep within; muffled,
          NOT-HUNG matters into the verb's domain. Fear lurks, or
         Yells a bit. Into the dream there is a moan. Fear stalks.
                                  
          I DO NOT have a body, she replied. It which yesterday or
          Earlier; it died, or so they say. They have always been
         Saying. They call ME UP into the middle OF the night. I to
          In fright. They call ME and I press my legs against the
          Bed. Perhaps I at DEAD; my toes hurt covered with dirt.
                                  

German into English from English:

                                  
            The telephone enters into the question when the find
              It inserted into my body; what rings, rings true
             Against all odds of thick encumbered flesh. Or who
           Would you be, deep within me, the sound of your voice
          Stalking my own, talking I know close, hard to the bone?
                                  
            My toes sieve dirt; they vaginate pressure earth to,
            Scrape this flesh against every other who has walked
         These shores. They I give like back for more, the violence
           Of legs. They draw the writing in the sand. They sink
             Beneath the waves. Chaos is not noise; it behaves.
                                  
           The dream is inaccessible. The dream suspends, objects
        Hardly to there or within the air; they fall, smash. Sounds
            Like from to telephone buried deep within; muffled,
           Nothing matters in the verb' s domain. Fear lurks, or
         Yells to bit. In the dream there is to moan. Fear stalks.
                                  
           I give not have body, she replied. It was yesterday or
        Earlier; it died, or I know they say. They have always been
         Saying. They call me up in the middle of the night. The am
         In fright. They call me and the press my legs against the
         Bed. Perhaps the am dead; my toes hurt covered with dirt.
                                  

English:

                                  
             The telephone enters into the question when I find
              It inserted into my body; what rings, rings true
             Against all odds of thick encumbered flesh. O who
           Would you be, deep within me, the sound of your voice
            Stalking my own, talking so close, hard to the bone?
                                  
            My toes sieve dirt; they pressure earth to vaginate,
            Scrape this flesh against every other who has walked
           These shores. They do come back for more, the violence
           Of legs. They draw the writing in the sand. They sink
             Beneath the waves. Chaos is not noise; it behaves.
                                  
           The dream is inaccessible. The dream suspends, objects
          Hardly there or within the air; they fall, smash. Sounds
             Come from a telephone buried deep within; muffled,
            Nothing matters in the verb's domain. Fear lurks, or
          Yells a bit. In the dream there is a moan. Fear stalks.
                                  
           I do not have a body, she replied. It was yesterday or
          Earlier; it died, or so they say. They have always been
          Saying. They call me up in the middle of the night. I am
          In fright. They call me and I press my legs against the
          Bed. Perhaps I am dead; my toes hurt covered with dirt.


(Original from a 1995 work.)

