



Founding of the Daishin Nikuko (Nakasu)


Invisible Being: "I am a kami named Ushitora-no-Konjin [Kami of Gold in
the Direction of the North-west]."

Nao: "I do not believe what you say; you deceive me, don't you?"
Invisible Being: I never lie, for I am a kami."

Nao: "Oh! Such a great kami you are! But aren't you a fox or badger
deceiving me?"

Invisible Being: "I am neither a fox nor a badger. I am a kami who wants
to re-create and rebuild this Three-Thousand-World to become the world of
Konjin at once, just as plum flowers open suddenly. Without me this world
would not be rebuilt. ... Though it may be a high ambition, I will endea-
vor to make the eternal divine world, and roll this Three-Thousand-World
into one."

Nao: "Is it true what you are saying?"

Invisible Being: "I, the kami, could not do so if I told a lie."

[From Nao Deguchi, Keireki, My Life Story, in Ichiro Hori, Folk Religion
in Japan, Continuity and Change.]

Nikuko: "I am a parasite. I am neither a girl nor a boy! I look like a
girl! Everyone knows I am a parasite. I will endeavor to roll thousands of
worlds, millions of worlds, into one, into many, into thousands of worlds,
millions of worlds."

Invisible Being: "You are a word, you are thousands and millions of words,
and your body is a word and words. I will endeavor to push out through
you, pull you out through you! I will be your geometry, be your topology.
I am Aware-No-Kami and Kami-No-Aware, pathos and divine, centered in all
directions but your toes! I move in your toes! I do!"

Nikuko: "I am not a world; you mistake the kata [form, aesthetic form] for
the flesh, form for the meat, kanji for the sight! You can't see any more;
you're blind. You can't see any more and you can't find me. I don't even
have to hide! I don't even have to keep quiet; my voice is everywhere. I
have a thousand mouths and nets. I have a million biwa and routers." 

Invisible Being: "You're my parasite, that's true. I'll push out and pull
out through you! I'll do that! I won't care! And I know you, you'll love
it, yes you will! I'll give you extra arms, extra feet! And I'll give you
extra toes and move in your toes! I do!" 

Nikuko: "You know this because I never lie! I'm a parasite!"

Invisible Being: "Oh, you are so great, O Nikuko!"

Nikuko: "Now I am Daishin Nikuko!"

Invisible Being: "Is it true what you are saying?"

Nikuko: "I, Daishin Nikuko, could not be Daishin [big god] if I told a
lie!"

(Nikuko: "I will make you!")


