

Who's Here


Sometimes when I write, the text will seem to come from Nikuko, and I
might "- Nikuko" at the end. Or Nikuko will talk through me, "she said,"
and as you have seen, I'll displace the punctuation, as if she were
present and accounted for.

And the same is true, of course, for Jennifer, and Alan, and Julu. It will
depend on the text, how it reads, what emanation is seems to come from -
or how defensive, say, Jennifer is feeling, in which case she might write
"- Alan" at the end, lending the words a kind of masculine authority. Jen-
nifer things she's a girl, and will write girlishly; Julu is darker, rare-
ly writing, but behind the scenes, libido or dark urges. Sometimes Julu
will write or carouse with Jennifer, however, and these texts might be
signed "Alan" or appear to come from his stereotypical dreams of feminine
entanglings.

Nikuko is clear about all of this; Nikuko models herself on two woman
from Fukuoka, a San Francisco filmmaker, a writer who died young, the
presence in literature of her beauty-sex. Nikuko knows she is a name, and
a name to be reckoned with. Sometimes she will conjure Jennifer, who has
written that she, Jennifer, "has all the time in the world," which Nikuko
takes as profound, even though it has been written out to the nth degree,
used to the mth, and discarded to the xth, yth, zth, until nothing is
left - not even the tick of a clock. 

Now there are times that Jennifer and Alan for example will pray that
Julu and Nikuko will be present for them, will write kind and interesting
letters and texts, will caress them with dreamy dreamy eyes, will be as
clouds in the very thin almost light grey sky with white fluff, will be
as waves in the thinner almost transparent light blue water with white
foam. Will help and inspire the most difficult texts and ideas. Will be
always _there_ for them, just as they will be there for the others, just
as Julu and Jennifer will be there for Alan and Nikuko, or Julu and Alan
will be there for Nikuko and Jennifer. 

Sometimes a text will seem to appear out of nowhere, and will assign it-
self to one or another, Nikuko or Julu or Jennifer or Alan. Sometimes it
will be writing itself and there will be a Julu-voice or Alan-voice say-
ing, yes, I have written that, or no, I have not written that, but Jenn-
ifer has written that, or Nikuko has written that. 

Sometimes it is so much of a comfort that Julu has written such a wonder-
ful text or that Alan has read it, or that Jennifer has been so amazing
as of late, and Nikuko or Julu are so appreciative. It is so much of a
comfort to talk among ourselves of an evening of sharing and laughing to-
gether, an evening sometimes of silky loves and nothings and air and the
thinnest water imaginable. We are so very kind to each other, there is so
very little kindness in the world.

- Julu


