


ii

"Internal flows may be laminar or turbulent, compressible or incompress-
ible." "External flows occur over bodies immersed in an unbounded fluid.
The flow over a semi-infinite flat plate and the flow over a cylinder are
examples of external flows." "Flows of liquids in which the duct does
not flow full- where there is a free surface subject to a constant pre-
ssure - are termed _open-channel_ flows. Common examples of open-channel
flow include flow in rivers, irrigation ditches, and aqueducts." "Streak-
lines are traced by neutrally buoyant marker fluid injected into a flow
field from a fixed point in space." "The boundary layer is the region
adjacent to a solid surface in which viscous forces are important. The
boundary-layer _disturbance thickness_ d, usually is defined as the dis-
tance from the surface to the point where the velocity is within 1 per-
cent of the freestream velocity. Since the velocity profile merges smoo-
thly and asymptotically into the freestream, the boundary-layer thick-
ness, d, is difficult to measure." (ibid.) Lost in external flows, turn-
ing inward, turbulent from laminar: outside, an open-channel - you write
yourself on me in blood-kanji lost in wavelets, fixed harmonics streak-
lined until the fluid has disappeared, the source runs emptied. O Nikuko
the disturbance-thickness is the width of a thought, the pressure of a
single word upon the tongue. (Now think carefully of Nikuko, Alan, Jenn-
ifer across the wires/fiber-optic cables, bodies lost in thousands of
packets traveling across, coherent in your inbox, lost again for a sec-
ond, for a minute, for ever, deleted, passed on, renamed, quoted and re-
quoted, forgotten, killed, saved, granted new authorships, plagiarisms
and duplications everywhere of bits and bytes, reusing _this_ section of
hard-drive, _that_ packet identification number, O ENTITY! EVERYTHING
AND NOTHING UNIQUE! YOU HAVE NO NAME TO CALL ME! YOUR NAME, MY NAME, URE-
THRA OR PENIS POURING UPON ME, LOST, THIS _LAPSE_ OF SIGNATURE, TIMELINE
OF AFFECT! O ENTITY! CALL ME J


