


Parable of Alan-Rikombyo


I was always aware of ghosts in the backyard, ghosts with red lanterns
crawling the cemetery walls, ghosts hiding in the daimyo stupa fields,
pagoda ghosts curled around tiny stone towers, ghosts of damps and mists,
kitsune-bi foxfire ghosts running in and out of corners of broken stone.

In other words, at night I was always aware of myself, memories crawling
the body, wounds and sutures opening and closing on pale impaled levels
and plains of skin. And I was aware of Nikuko-rising, and Nikuko has con-
tinued to rise, grappling with the skin, wearing it tight around her like
a kimono-swaddling sheet, like a shroud entwining the two of us together.

Nikuko from cyberspace, as Gibson might say because we all project, Nik-
uoko-Idoru; today, I find the following by Lafcadio Hearn, from his The
Romance of the Milky Way and Other Studies and Stories (chapter on "Gob-
lin Poetry," "'The Mad Poetry of the Hyaku-Monogatari'"). 

Nikuko reads and transcribes, Nikuko cuts her kanji in my chest:

"RIKOMBYO

"The term Rikombyo is composed with the word rikon, signifying a 'shade,'
'ghost,' or 'spectre,' and the word byo, signifying 'sickness,' 'disease.'
An almost literal rendering would be 'ghost-sickness.' In Japanese-English
dictionaries you will find the meaning of Rikombyo given as 'hypochondri-
a'; and doctors really use the term in this modern sense. But the ancient
meaning was a _disorder of the mind which produced a Double;_ and there is
a whole strange literature about this weird disease. It used to be sup-
posed, both in China and Japan, that under the influence of intense grief
or longing, caused by love, the spirit of the suffering person would cre-
ate a Double. Thus the victim of Rikombyo would appear to have two bodies,
exactly alike; and one of these bodies would go to join the absent be-
loved, while the other remained at home. [...] The term Rikombyo seems to
be applied to the apparition as well as to the mental disorder supposed to
produce the apparition; it signifies 'doppelganger' as well as 'ghost-
disease.' [...]

"The servent cannot distinguish between the origianl and the apparitional
shapes before her; and the difficulties of the situation are suggested in
the first of the kyoka which I have translated:

      "Ko-ya, sore to?
     Ayame mo wakanu
       Rikombyo:
     Izure wo tsuma to
     Hiku zo wazurau!

"(Which one is this? - which one is that? Between the two shapes of the
Rikombyo it is not possible to distinguish. To find out which is the real
wife - that will be an affliction of spirit indeed!)

      "Tamakushige
     Futatsu no sugata
       Misenuru wa,
     Awase-kagami no
     Kage no wazurai.

"(If, when seated before her toilet-stand, she sees two faces reflected in
her mirror - that might be caused by the mirror doubling itself under the
influence of the Shadow-Sickness!)"

- Alan, new scars in his chest, eyes back, the whites

She holds one mirror, looking into another; the first reflects the second,
the second brings Alan into focus, holding a mirror, as if he could dis-
cover my whereabouts - this Alan haunting my dreams, this Alan signifying
my shadow-sickness.

I cut, continue to


