


Breakaway Bandwidth


"A fluid is a substance that deforms continuously under the application
of a shear (tangential) stress no matter how small the shear stress may
be." (Fox and McDonald, Introduction to Fluid Mechanics.) In other words,
have fluid moving in a container, one wall of which moves slightly; the
fluid continuously transforms, whereas a solid would jump (sometimes cha-
otically) from one to another state.

If you piss on me, my body trembles, shudders with the slightest trace of
moisture; I am transported across lamina, fallen through tubes, vacances,
paysages. I will reflect the world, splay-Nikuko, swallow-Julu, inhale-
Jennifer. Losing the outlines, shape-shifting, shinto-mirror way at the
other end of the shrine, a point which you _know_ reflects everything.

The world shears in the mirror. Worlds shudder. Frisson.

The shear is a pull, from one to another, torsion; Nikuko, you pull at me,
flesh parts, divides; it's here, in the division marked by blood-kanji as
an example for others, that

And then Jennifer-reading-Alan Alan-reading-Jennifer wrote:

Furthermore, flows are represented by timelines, pathlines, streaklines,
and streamlines. The first models the time-movement of a line of adjacent
particles; the second, traces the path of a single particle; the third
looks at all particles passing through a particular point over an interval
of time; and the fourth, are lines drawn in a flow field which are tangent
to the field - "streamlining." 

I am streamlined in the path of your piss, your spit-on-me, your vomit; my
outlines dissolve, ego disappears into kata-form-decay.

The TIMELINE models my bones traveling through you, immersed in your flu/
id, inverting, penis unraveled, foamed across all worlds, absorbent, no
longer necessity of penetration: penetrant-penis, penetrant-vagina. The
PATHLINE models the trace, always already lost as the Reynold's number is
approached - PATHLINE turns chaotic, outlining body lost to all-time all-
space, ghost-body, _rikombyo_ body divided by means of great intensity,
love, exertion, split/spit upon you. The STREAKLINE inverts, passes you
through me, I drink your piss, eat your shit, vomit, spit; chew through
flesh and spirit, bits and bytes, I'm a point in your regard, a moment or
segment (breakaway bandwidth) of your history, punctum, peripheral. The
STREAMLINE is my emergence, born of you, born of everything thing, dis-
solving in the moment of birth; there is everything and nothing left -
nothing has a name, everything is unnamed. 

Everything is lost in the process which at best holds to the STREAKLINE
punctum, as I insist (voice echoing, dissolving already) that there is
no-thing, that you engorge me; I remember your holes pouring upon me. 

"Because the fluid motion continues under the application of a shear
stress, we may alternatively define a fluid as a substance that cannot
sustain a shear stress when at rest."

Jennifer-Alan CANNOT SUSTAIN. Jennifer pisses on Alan.
Alan-Jennifer CANNOT SUSTAIN. Alan pisses on Jennifer.

- Nikuko


