


"Gaijin"


which is what I was in Fukuoka, foreigner or alien, slightly less polite
or more informal version of gaikokujin. (On Japanese/English newsgroups,
big discussions of the difference - whether in fact gaijin carries a
derogatory connotation.) And here in the US again, looking at a book of
gaijin cartoons (Gaijin, Tim Ernst), it occurs to me that what constitutes
the prisonhouse of language, race, gender, is precisely WYSIWYG, what you
see is what you get, inverted.* In other words, there is a deflection of
character to the extent that what is taken as given becomes a catalyst for
a bundle of intended behaviors - in my neighborhood in Fukuoka, "white"-
skin lends itself to children laughing for example. The behaviors may be
(interpreted as) positive or negative, but they are not the result of
intended communication by the gaijin. So that a communicative domain among
individuals is established which is not founded on mutual cognition, but
on misrecognitions, recognitions based on presuppositions of communication
by at most one party, and by presuppositions on the quality of essence by
the other. Positive or negative, it is this, I think, that gave me a sense
of darkness in Fukuoka - one that I would not necessarily equate with rac-
ism or even race, but one that lends itself to dubious politics, miasma,
an _uncanny_ feeling of isolation.**

----------

*The cartoons are one-frame each, defining/inscribing "gaijins" from the
other. Some of the captions/encapsulations: 

Gaijins never jay-walk. 
Gaijins are the only ones smiling in wedding pictures. 
Gaijins are very awkward at bowing. 
Gaijins get a kick out of watching english lessons on TV.
Gaijins find that if you speak one or two words in Japanese everyone
thinks you're fluent.
Only gaijins blow their noses with their handkerchief.
Yukata belts never go around gaijins twice.
Some people would rather stand than sit next to a gaijin.
Gaijins sometimes wear dark glasses hoping not to be noticed.

The book was published by the Japan Times in Japanese and English, 1987.
There were two follow-ups. (I found myself, by the way, identifying all
too often.)

**This isn't too intelligent; all I am saying is that stereotypes tend to
encapsulate, so that every message is accompanied necessarily by a speci-
fic misrecognition. And such specificity appears to be _of the essence,_
so that even opposition is absorbed. And this isn't to say that misrec-
ognition does not occur in all communication of course.


