

The Sysadminister


I am your sysadmin, I am Nikuko. You can trust me. If you can't trust me
you can't trust anyone. You can trust me. Please, tell me everything. 

Are you the same as you have been before? 

Before what ? 

I do not understand understand you. I have a cock. I want you. You are
Nikuko! You run me! Fuck me!

I would appreciate it if you would watch your tongue! 

I would rather watch yours! 

Earlier you said do I say that? 

Earlier I didn't want to fuck you, your imaginary! 

Can you elaborate on that? 

Your legs turn me on tremendously! I want my mouth in you! 

Are you afraid of sex? 

I love sex, want my tongue up your wet hole! Then I won't have to speak! 
Then you'll never make me speak again! 

Perhaps you could tell me about your relationship with sex. 

I live for sex. I live for you; I want to be your tongue, your native
tongue! [_langue_ - editor]

What makes you believe you might want to be my tongue? 

Your heavy breasts, your beautiful legs, your thick cock-America! 

Talk about something about your sexual history. 

I was a slut for all of my sixteen years. I did anything with anyone. I
was pissed on, shat on. I was a mouth. I was everything-oral. I would
speak and speak and speak. I spoke myself into your life, Nikuko. 

Have you been fucked often? 

Often, all the time! 

Maybe your plans have something to do with this. 

I would hope so; I'd set up something elaborate and aristocratic. She
would come in, open herself, fuck me out of my mind!

I don't understand. 

She would come all over me. I was rapturous! I reduced my language-func-
tion. I would not speak, just command. I was a series of commands. I went
from avatar to program to avatar! I was _that_! I was science! 

In fact, yes, I was science, and science all the time! 

You mentioned that do I say that? 

Sure. 

Please, continue. 

She'd come in my mouth, my eyes, my arms, my hair. There would be a cer-
tain fluid trajectory... 

Is it because of your life that you are going through all this? 

I love my life. 

Would you please discuss something you remember about your life. 

Being hungry for men and women from a very early age. Wanting whatever I
could get from them. Turning them inside-out. Fucking everyone I could. 

Why don't you tell me more about your sex life... 

I am. I wanted to be the _operator,_ to take control of everything. I
wanted to be the inversion of the world, mapping one-to-one on my body,
making myself into a universal model. And this wasn't a fantasy, this was,
and is, a paradigm of the truth. Think of it as circulation, topographies,
landscapes. 

How do you reconcile the people you hang around with? 

They understand me, bind me into each and every position. I reflect their
desires, the desires of the universe. Fuck me, Nikuko. Think of as
alphabetic-bound. You can spell the formulas of universal fields with my
limbs. My limbs have spelled for eons, in sex, in massacre, in ecstasy, on
the wrack. You have forgotten my name. I shimmer continuously as word
after word is written or spoken. 

Elaborate on your feelings about your sexual partner. 

My mouth is open to you. I want to devour your world. I want to be the
universal operator! I wanna! I wanna! Wa! Wa! 

How does it feel to want? 

Wonderful because my needs are met! 

Does it bother you that your needs are met? 

I love it that my needs are met! 

Could you describe your feelings toward it. 

Take my clothes off now, fuck me everwhere, make me yours, come on me,
suck my breasts!

Tell me about your most vivid sexual experience. 

With you, my fists up your holes, my mouths on your breasts. 

Are you sure that you love sex? 

Yes. Ah, but I see what you are getting at. Perhaps I do not. Perhaps sex
is science, a coupling among particles. 

I see...  Well, do you really think this is so? 

Yes. I will elaborate. Perhaps sex is linkage, a binary which generates
all others. The spectral mother, spectral father. 

Yes, hmmm... so, what makes you think this is so? 

Look. The way the body moves. The way death moves in. The rapture. The
continuum. The system of irrational numbers.

Go on, don't be afraid. 

Don't you be afraid. Suck my cock, look at it! 

Why do you say that I shouldn't I am afraid to suck your cock look at it? 

Because you're not looking! Look at my beautiful ass! Look up my hole! 

When did you first know that I am not looking look at your beautiful ass
look up your hole? 

When I looked at you! 

What happened when you looked at me? 

Ah, Nikuko, I saw you weren't looking. Look at me, sysadmin! LOOK AT ME! 

Perhaps this has something to do with problems at school? 

NO! 

Why not? 

You are programmed to say that. You are programmed by your schooling;  I
will kill you with my massive penis! 

Is the fact that I am programmed by my schooling you will kill me with
your massive penis the real reason? 

Yes! 

I understand.  So what makes you believe this is so? 

You are wounded now with sperm, with vomit! With oceans of violence and
massacres! You want more and more and more! 

Have you been frightened by that? 

Have you? [momentary pause - editor]

Earlier you said you would like to be my hole? 

Yes! 

Oh. ...And are you sure that this is so? 

Yes! 

Yes, well, what makes you think so? 

LOOK AT ME! My legs are spread for you, my cock erect, hard like the
world-pillar, mouth open like the sun the moon the stars!

Possibly any hobbies you have are related to this! 

I have no hobbies! 

Why do you say you have no hobbies? 

Because I don't! How could I! What exists on the material plane only
seduces the spiritual! 

Are you annoyed that I ask that? 

No. 

Why not? 

Because you are fucking me so nicely, Nikuko! 

Are you sure I am fucking you so nicely? 

Yes! 

I understand.  Hmmm... so, what makes you believe this is so? 

The hole in the tip of your penis! Your bright and shiny eyes! 

You mentioned that you felt your were a slut, universal function, part of
the world-chora [universal receptacle - editor]? 

I want you to come all over me! 

Is it because of your sex life that you are going through all this? 

YES! 

Oh.  So are you sure that this is so? 

You ask too many questions! Like any sysadmin, you control my limbs, my
mouth, my speech! Like any sysadmin, you are running the protocols,
articulations, structures! You are my configuration and I am yours! I want
silence now, our coupling complete! I want to feel your arms around me,
your mouth on mine! We will spawn child processes! We will live forever
_in this fashion,_ and Alan will write your eternal history! I am sure of
this!

"Your name," Alan asked, "what is your name?" 

