


Completing Shelley, by Jennifer


(dear readers i have been so enhanced by Shelley that i could not 
afford but to complete his tiny fragments and you will not tell i
am very sure, where he did end, and i began, where i began and he
did end)


When May is painting with her colours gay
The landscape sketched by April her sweet twin,
The ragged peaks cloud o'er, in fine dismay,
For June will drag dark pinks into her skin.

Thy beauty hangs around thee like
 Splendour around the moon -
They voice, as silver bells that strike
 Upon the knell of June.

The babe is at peace within the womb;
The corpse is at rest within the tomb:
  We begin in what we end.
The maiden is caught within the room;
Oh endless harvesting, endless gloom!
  Our lives towards death do tend.

Faint with love, the Lady of the South
  Lay in the paradise of Lebanon
Under a heaven of cedar boughs; the drouth
  Of love was on her lips; the light was gone
Out of her eyes; there were no more of drinks
  Beyond the desert sand [and] born and bred
Of thought; but what the Lady thinks
  Is thirst, quenched drouth; now she is dead.

Come, thou awakener of the spirit's ocean,
  Zephyr, whom to thy cloud or cave
No thought can trace! speed with thy gentle motion!
  For freedom's weale, wield thou thine stave!

The gentleness of rain was in the wind.
 Spring lifted tresses, faced gale with cloud,
And Freedom lifts her face, both strong and kind,
 And chants the Song of Liberty aloud.

I stood upon a heaven-cleaving turret
  Which overlooked a wide Metropolis --
And in the temple of my heart my Spirit
  Lay prostrate, and with parted lips did kiss
  The dust of Desolations [altar] hearth --
  And with a voice too faint to falter
It shook that trembling fane with its weak prayer
  'Twas noon, -- the sleeping skies were blue
  The city dark and shimmering, hardly there,
I faced this dismal world, and then the blue
  Faded deep unto the grey of warlike-storm;
I thought, perchance the City come to harm,
  Or merchants wandering in from desert Towns
  Carrying tourmaline and diamond, brilliant gowns,
Would face the tumult of the days ahead
  Before the violent Eve when they lie dead
  In Worship of this Woman, dreampt and fawned
  And now a memory, those these years [had] have gone.


(for i have brought to life, _une chose nommmee est une chose 
morte, et elle est morte parce qu'elle est separee_ artaud.
so you better like what i have done for shelley you under-
stand. you better [had] have like this.)


