


Subject: Re: The Psychology of Webcams in Rewrite


( From another list - my attempt to answer why Webcams are as popular as
they are - video set up in an office or bedroom, stationary cameras (for
the most part) continuously broadcasting on the Net - transformed on sec-
ond reading, second sending - )

I think there is a degree of exhibitionism involved - just as S/M has a
theatrical element to it. Surely after all these texts, there must be
something you would want to know about me? Something mental? Something
physical? Something spiritual?

And perhaps a desire for absolution - there is "something" about the
maternal, being plugged into the mat(er)rix - visible within another
womb. Why for example I tend to fetishize membranes, liquids, bodies,
part-objects, avatars, books, musics, clothing, nails, hair, panties,
feet, saliva, eyelashes, dandruffs, vomits, cities, nations, neighbor-
hoods here, what is being held taut within them? Why this makes all of us
uncomfortable, if it does, hardly the tumescence of a sixteen-year-old? 

Such a desire is related to a deflection of death as well - See, it's
safe to show myself; nothing happens. Except that language gets stripped
away, torn to pieces, a form of violation fabric; it becomes more and
more difficult to speak. But the image is present, brute, inert, mad,
corrupted, hysteric, encapsulated.

There is also the detour/deferment of sexual gratification - looping
through the Net, aware that others are _in there/here with you._ Now we
are hooked together; your eyes penetrate bodies falling on unknown mat-
tresses, inconceivable sites and sights, bridge-spans, danger-points, all
states and forms of junctures. 

Certainly when we look at an office, we wait for something to happen; 
perhaps it never does, but it's similar to a neighbor's window - there
is always a chance. Just so the woman years ago across the street _here,_
sighted in a double-taking, naked against the window nightly, primal
scenery, what makes us uncomfortable, at a distance - think of the func-
tion of a distance and its operation. Think of her standing there, the
doubled knowledge, _the hook._

To which the neighbor may play the same game into it - which is also a
form of seduction, the lure for the object that is always already without
our grasp - pouring down into the net, as if folds and creases collapsed
the screen across itself, wanderings. 

But as if it were visible - so the maternal, deflection, looping through
the matrix. Think of it always as a looping, writing yourself into the
loop, mouths open for pictures supplied free or for a price, from others. 
It's an oral consumption, speaking of capital-flow through the mouth, ex-
cretory as well _in the manner of Norman O. Brown._

How many on this list have participated in, say, CuSeeMe sex? It has lit-
erally an uncanny power - all those issues of scopophilia, mapping and
deterring the body of the other - deterrence from the viewpoint _of a
viewpoint_ - the camera gathering the singularity of a _punctum,_ the
body on both ends melding from one to another position. 

Also it's not difficult to understand the voyeurism from a scopo-politi-
co-economic viewpoint - here is the deconstruction of capital, the pri-
vacy of the home. So I am centered in someone else's power for example,
the office or bedroom. In the office, people working at movement that I
am also capable of doing; these are _hired_ people, somewhat secured,
at least for the moment, in the task at hand. I, literally on the other
hand, am pinned down to the screen, in stated despair, envious and greedy
of the success of others, a Dostoevskian character always already in a
state of permanent waiting.

The exhibitionism - which isn't the inverse (any more than re: Deleuze
masochism is the inverse of sadism) - relates also to (paradoxically) a
desire to _have done with it,_ _get it over_ - fantasy of annihilation -
Now there is nothing more to tell - now it is _all_ told. Today I had a
fantasy that everyone is waiting for my death. It will not be broadcast;
it might be imagined. There are all sorts of positions, bodies, limits.
If I were dead I'd be famous. _These texts_ indeed, read as symptoms;
personal gratifications, submerged knowledges rising, _I know him when._

All of this plays into the phenomenon/phenomenology of viewcams on the Net
- as well as the sense of power (sexual, economic), ability to gather an
audience (as if the safe-word or keyword were always gainsaid in an S/M
session - the session moving to include the audience) - and if you have
read this far, you are. "You know me when."

Now make me.


