


The Machinic, The Auto


Getting in a fast fast-car and going places.

The dialogs among Jennifer, Alan, Nikuko, Julu, occur in the wetware,
neural connections, of all of them, reaching through each other, try-
ing each other on.

Just as there is CAD, computer-aided-design, so there is CAC, compu-
ter-aided-communication, small programs written in shell scripts or
perl, or already-existing programs and editors (such as pico, emacs,
ed, sed, awk, cat, rev, split), all useful for creating forms, taking
them to the limit. 

So the writing is almost never computer-produced, in the sense of text
generation programs, but may rely on programs as infiltrators. One
looks at structure from inside-outside; structure descends and wetware
pulls out surface talk.

Which is not to say that the texts aren't generated from one or another
of the voices, listening and speaking through wetware-mind, murmuring
out of truth and longing.

But that the voices, speakings, should be a surprise, should carry the
body and text ... somewhere else ...

Because and for this reason - that to have computer-generated text only
would be to give into the graces of the machine, whereas we are working
through certain forms of thinking.

Which at this point are hardly automated; instead, the avatars are more
or less, as we have said before, hardly avatars so much as internal eman-
ations. As such, coating the organs of the interior, filtering the rem-
nants of the external world as well.

They speak from the future. They speak from multiple voices, or from that
period which, still submerged, is already beginning to murmur - wetware
inhaling the other and her or his or its emergence. And they speak from 
the absence of the computer, the absence of interface, when one sails 
among part-objects and worlds, when speech and movement alone suffice in
destruction, creation, maintenance, desire.

They move among me, saying us; they move among us, saying I. 

They say: We are your future. 
They say: Watch us, breathe us, hold us tight against you.
They say: This movement is your future as well, holding myself to myself.
They say: There is a machine and there is no machine. 
Your hands are your hands. Your legs are your legs.
Your desire is your desire and your desire is ours. 
They say: There is no hardware, no software, no wetware. There is no 
brainstem, there is no mind. There is mind and there is earth and we 
are of the earth. 
They say: I am your future.
They say: You say all of this, your fingers in our mouths.
They say: Your fingers are your fingers.

"Speaking in silence, silently speaking, listening to yourself."


