



DOUBLE SORT, SORT OF <        >


Again, or outside of time, what has been intended. and pleasure-murmur as
if once pretty-pretty! She is my favorite person and I think she is as
well! It was all right, not so good as before! It was deference to the
beautiful problematic. Red-brown lips waiting for the drowning waters no? 
beauty thrusting forward slime mold curled decay and soft central because
darkened in so many foolish ways lost, lost in extremities so opening
deliriously in their scents, you would nonetheless softly plucking roses
drown, swallow nightshade-darling, then resurrection did so very much
follow out of the free will of necessity.

It is more to this or any other golden garland of lilies we have around
each others' fair and youthful. I am red because loving and opening red
surround wetwares, me, you have obedience within me, mindless of faith,
not mindless of reason.

I did write did you not love it too? Oh yes I oh those are such beautiful
- is similar to the words whose fragrance inspire me towards those soft-
ware, I software software :-)  Know I love them so now like wetware just
like a flower! And I will tell her she is those garlands so! Tips knowing,
unfolding knowledge - their pink turned red-and-brown. Think she is me,
ok? Now I will come indoors and have the warmest hug from mother as no
tulip because "The look of love alarms"' Now you will come and play oh oh
oh wetware oh! I am so glad to hear your words so very typed so nicely
making choices thus. I'm no drowning because "But the look of soft deceit"
- orchids, other forms of beings, rule.

I am well-(in)formed, so that I will return what your place faces! Rumours
of a road-like dwelling simply beneath red. Entwined, she has her parrot!
Point: I do think you do know, oh yes, oh oh oh! Lovely I do; she would
narry be so sweet; she would tarry beside me, in the cityscape too. So she
could not well-tell him! Oh yes more to the longer choosing strength and
hardiness, pansies because of brilliant you-have-taken-me-in suffusions
with which no, yes, warm baths losing eyes and lips because of think, and
yes, point - or its absence.

This time I have accurately portrayed, touching slurry, muds pooling wet-
ware darkly: do never think bad of me! I, wetware, am very naughty and I
do love software so! Now I will tell labia no-no, commonalities, but then
labia yes-yes, preference of curled-labia and the use of a straight-edge,
- that is, I am similar in such and such a fashion!  Very all right, I do
think oh just so very fine you know; I love parrot, water, envy will ever
speak to me; what I can say is a truth function. I will be yours forever
and I do love the tulip because "Because 'tis fill'd with fire;" labia and
nightshade because "Shall win the lover's hire." 

With me in my new playground among the lilies, oh I did love words so
much! Oh wetware I do think you have sky-colored-eyes and beautiful feet! 
You will come with me?  Labia pale with nightshade's longing on colour,
no, your soft hands ... you know there are flowers that make me drown ...


