


"an account of our lives beneath the mountain"


I must tell you that I know I am about to begin an "account" and I will
add to this "account" so I know that I will be doing something different
from what I have done before, and in writing, which I have not done before
now, but for which I am told that I have a gift. We have a saying that "we
live and die in the dust of someone else's novel," and now I can say as
well that "we live and die in the dust of our account."

Here in the village we are servants of the emperor. We neither read nor
write, but we are tallied thrice a year, at the beginning of each of the
Three Seasons. Already we have told you that we have three seasons, that
of the summer, that of the cooling, that of the warming. The sun slinks
back and forth swaying in the sky, and it has always done that.

Having no records beyond the tally, it is always now here, now and now,
and the tally records only crops, never names, only our presence-in-the-
shadow-of-the-mountain, and the mountain has always had a name, North
Mountain. So we are in its shadow, and we remember some names, but since
we are given only one name, geneaology trails off into the past after
several generations. We pay little attention to these, holding greatly to
the respect of our ancestors.

We are humble people and humble before our ancestors, who have lost their
names. In this fashion, we are no different than millions who have gone
before us and millions who will come after. And were I to name the name of
North Mountain, or my own - were I to name the names of the Three Seasons,
then I would betray myself and my people, pinning us to our names, crash-
ing our village against the slopes where we have dwelled peacefully, gen-
eration after generation.

My own name of course is among those of my people. And I am aware of the
simplicity of this account, what it is "to set about writing," and the
knowledge of when to stop, this account. I am aware as well that this
account then becomes the tale of a schoolboy or schoolgirl, possessing a
naivete by which you may feel you can judge me, and my ancestors, and my
village. But I must tell you as well that this naivete must be a masquer-
ade; otherwise you will know more than we have titled you, and in this
fashion you would pin me, my ancestors, the village, and the mountain
itself.

It is enough perhaps to think of before-writing or arche-writing, or that
writing which remains decipherable on one level, and indecipherable or
even absent on another, to which I have devoted my attention in this ac-
count. For there have been so many millions before you, and even the
material within which this writing appears to you has come from an un-
known source, and will disappear into an unknown destination. You will
then understand the complexity of what I am writing to you, and why things
are as they are, and not otherwise.

And with this I will end my account, of our village and ancestors, of our
mountain and the emperor, and of the three seasons.


