


Reification and CMC 


(Reification, the inauthentic objectification of mediated concepts under
capitalism.)

Working again on the chapter Reification and the Consciousness of the Pro-
letariat in Lukacs' History and Class Consciousness, I'm struck how in
fact commodity itself is reified, how time and space are rationalized,
parceled out by capital, according to the author. Further, this seems re-
lated to an ur-state of organic flux. Here's a quote: "Thus time sheds its
qualitative, variable, flowing nature; it freezes into an exactly
delimited, quantifiable continuum filled with quantifiable 'things' (the
reified, mechanically objectified 'performance' of the worker, wholly
separated from his total human personality): in short, it becomes space. 
In this environment where time is transformed into abstract, exactly
measurable, physical space, an environment at once the cause and effect of
the scientifically and mechanically fragmented and specialized production
of the object of labour, the subjects of labour must likewise be
rationally fragmented. On the one hand, the objectification of their
labour-power into something opposed to their total personality (a process
already accomplished with the sale of that labour-power as a commodity) is
now made into the permanent ineluctable reality of their daily life. Here,
too, the personality can do no more than look on helplessly while its own
existence is reduced to an isolated particle and fed into an alien system.
On the other hand, the mechanical disintegration of the process of produc-
tion into its components also destroys those bonds that had bound individ-
uals to a community in the days when production was still 'organic.'" 

All of this is related to, say, Wittgenstein's Tractatus, Hertz's mechan-
ics, and any system which portends a rational underpinning of a concrete
real. Reification for example is intimately bound in Lukacs to capitalism
and commodity; before that, "organic" production implies a flux, not of
measurement itself, but of boundary and self. (Kristeva's "borderline
personality" would have no place here.) The possibility that self is on
one hand a coagulation of disparate debris/part-objects, and on the other,
an emanation within communicative regimes, is inconceivable. And one wants
to save the concept of reification - as well as critique it.

Because the concept is useful, referencing the objectifying of concept and
thought as commodity, and this works well with thinking through or about
the Net or CMC in general. On the other hand, it has to be weakened in its
relation to capital as the inauthentic mediation among authenticities,
since this analysis will no longer hold, and never did. Production and
power are always intimate; it is not a question so much of capital as it
is of bureaucracy, technology, and the appearance of the stranger in the
city (Simmel). 

Yet we should be careful; for example, what is the relationship between
Net politics, grass-roots politics, and geopolitics? It's not just a
matter of demographics and/or communicative strategies - it's also an
ontological issue, an issue of the performativity and believability of
language in relatively foreclosed domains (thus Lukacs, instead of ex-
ample, quotes Marx, Lenin, and so forth).

Finally, one might want to consider whether there is "anything" _beyond_
reification on-line - whether or not _beyond_ implies a spatial or psy-
chological metaphoricity. It is the "anything" that worries me, in this
realm in which everything is ultimately file, string, binary - in which,
in other words, everything is constituted. What happens to authenticity in
an arena totalized by constitution - in a period of thinking that, first,
there is no totality, and second, that everything deconstructs into part-
objects? This is still the central question of the Net - and one in which
Lukacs might prove useful.


