



Atomic Bomb, Objects _Here_ and _There_


"METHOD OF ASSEMBLY

"[From 12.16] Thus until detonation is desired, the bomb must consist of
a number of separate pieces each one of which is below the critical size
either by reason of small size or unfavorable shape. To produce detona-
tion, the parts of the bomb must be brought together rapidly. In the
course of this assembly process the chain reaction is likely to start -
because of the presence of stray neutrons - _before_ the bomb has
reached its most compact form. Thus it may turn out that the explosion
is so inefficient as to be relatively useless. The problem, therefore,
is two-fold: (1) to reduce the time of assembly to a minimum; and (2) to
reduce the number of stray (predetonation) neutrons to a minimum."

[...]

"12.19 Since estimates had been made of the speed that would bring toge-
ther subcritical masses of U-235 rapidly enough to avoid predetonation,
a good deal of thought had been given to practical methods of doing
this. The obvious method of very rapidly assembling an atomic bomb was
to shoot one part as a projectile in a gun against a second part as a
target. The projectile mass, projectile speed, and gun caliber required
were not far from the range of standard ordnance practice, but novel
problems were introduced by the importance of achieving sudden and per-
fect contact between projectile and target, by the use of tampers [re-
flecting materials - A.S.], and by the requirement of portability. None
of these technical problems had been studied to any appreciable extent
prior to the establishment of the Los Alamos laboratory."

(From Atomic Energy for Military Purposes, Princeton, Smyth, 1945.)

A phenomenology of the atomic bomb and its imminence tending towards
immanence has never been written. Consider a machine of part-objects
whose linkage becomes pure proximity, hypertextual linkages tending
towards rapid exponential proliferation. A _projectile_ or _bullet_ and
a _target_ become one or One: the fit must be perfect, the production in
fact of the perfect Object, Schelling's Totality.

Once the Object (no longer the object petit a in Lacan, no longer lure
or seduction), it disappears: _in fact, it is never present._ Unguarded,
without any conceivable means of representation. A locus immediately
(pre-) determined by ground-zero effects, vortices of heat, light, pres-
sure. The perfect monument to war (just as all monuments are perfected
towards war).

