


Difficult and Delicate Matter


Well, I have a good deal of diary material from Kathy Acker, 1974 and
earlier; some of it is in the form of letters or texts directly to me,
and some of it is revised carbon copy, and some of it is mimeograph. 
None of this has been published. So I write to someone I know who writes
to someone he knows and finds out I cannot in fact quote from the words
of the diary, which belong to the estate of Kathy Acker, although I can
paraphrase the words which she has written.

But then, who can check up to make sure I am paraphrasing accurately?
For example, if I write, that Kathy says on March 1, 1974, that she
wishes me dead, then I am writing a fabrication; there is no such state-
ment. Which is not to say that Kathy did not wish me dead on that date -
only that I do not have such material in my possession.

What Kathy does say is that I am her father and she wants to experiment
to see how close she can get to me. She also states that I help her, al-
though later I am sure she would not have felt this way. But what are
these statements, in light of the fact that they are neither quotations
nor content that you may ascertain for yourself?

To be sure, if you visit me in Brooklyn, then I might deign to show you
the original material, and you could decide for yourself, providing I
did not fabricate such as well - forging a signature, duplicating, etc.,
from texts I composed for whatever reason.

Kathy says she doesn't understand who she is and doesn't understand a
lot of my writing, and I wonder, would she understand this text and ap-
prove of it? It is easy to circumscribe, literally, the dead, who are
given and given up without recourse; mourning is a moment astride the
real, returning the world to itself, and these textual gifts back to a
present life, harboring and framing the past. 

But this is not about mourning. Kathy says I understand everything she
writes and that she understands what I say directly to her. She says she
feels as if we're twins joined together, as if I'm protecting her. She
continues speaking about power, about my taking power from her, which
later became an issue between us, appearing later in the videos we did
together (and within what jurisdiction are those spoken words now, as
well as those words written on the screen, as well as those unspoken
words in her eyes?).

She ends this particular section by saying she doesn't want parents, and
wants to know what's happening. She's remembering, and describes a white
shawl and a red-brown dress, blankets. Then there is half a page of
blank space, and she's into a second, carbon-copied part, about Peter,
with a different title as well. Could I quote the different title? I
would choose not to, insisting on paraphrase.

Kathy was trying to map out her consciousness; _she says so, in so many
words._ I attempt to interface with virtual subjects, dreams, ghosts,
machines, mournings, technologies, internets, those moments of syncope
described by Clement in Syncope, holding itself back in the throat.
"temporary loss of consciousness from fall of blood-pressure," and I
feel comfortable quoting from the living Concise Oxford; so many texts
begin with dictionary definitions, and this one ends with one.


