



Kathy's Diary (last of two installments)


In Kathy's diary/epistolary material, she also said that the idea of us
completely knowing each other stunned her; she thought there were a lot of
ways we were alike, and talked about our fantasies in relation to each
other. She said she didn't quite understand what was going on, and I re-
member feeling the same way myself.

She was working on a book at the time, this was when she was calling her-
self The Black Tarantula, publishing under the name. I was involved in her
thinking. Our thinking about each other was intertwined, inseparable. I
can't think of a gap; we filled each other's spaces. She wanted us to send
each other as much information as possible about each other, in varied
media, so that we could continue along these lines. She mentioned Vito
Acconci, saying the kind of intimacy he explores in his work, she had
never seen done between two people who were both subjects and objects. She
thought all of this would make an incredible work as well. I thought and
still think that Vito's exploration wasn't all that risky, but articulated
so as to appear so, without props; the props in fact provided the frame-
work, moving the periphery towards the center. But that wasn't clear until
much later.

She thought I was more systematic in my exploration than she was; is that
true? Certainly I pick up and drop systems like water, like there's link-
ages surrounding the gasp of the earth's equator - but then these same
systems become corroded by desire, tend to fray/stare at one from the
edges where I reside. I was residing there at the time. A bit later we
were making tapes together, worlds falling apart, and as the content of
one of the tapes indicated, I was reading Norman O. Brown's Love's Body at
the time. I just found the book again.

Kathy thought my work could profit from the intimate sexual concerns of
hers - perhaps it has. Certainly the tape we did was the farthest I've
been able to stretch my body, on the operating-table so to speak, of both
semiosis and psychosis. I could but won't speak towards her state of mind
at the time, from what she said. But this was later. Now, she was writing
to me before that, asking whether I would collaborate with her, speaking
of her fanaticism in relation to what she was doing - I certainly shared
(and share) that aspect of her psychology.

Now I'm intertwined with this text, which on my part within it, still re-
flects concerns I've never figured out, in the sense of a figure or trope,
those moments which become signs or ghosts in the very background of our
being. They remain there just as these letters and diary have accompanied
me; would that they were published, but who is to say concerning the 
Estate, and to what extent would I want to give up the paraphrase for the
real?

And am I living through text, and if so, whose? 


