


PENETRATION-MACHINE


always out of control; what one does in relation to it presumably re-
quires a degree of conscious consent. Love posits elsewhere > alan *> I do
not have a body, she replied. It was yesterday or *> Earlier; it died, or
so they say. They have always been *> Saying. They call me up in the mid-
dle and It came. It came in the morning when Clara was least expecting it,
the early morning of uneasy dreams, the morning of muffled Jennifer, Jen-
nifer, "They surfaced again in 1688."

Jennifer said Jennifer said In writing I need a room of my own. In wri-
ting - On my Birth-Night It's my birth-night, approaching birth-hour,
birth-minute. I read in Jabes: There is no thought without body. Where I
speak, where I am silent, my body is the body of those images, splinter-
ing, fragmenting - Jennifer-Tiffany interpenetrate me: WHY I SHOULD BE?
Tiffany says "You're taking it too seriously. Penetration is just that,
penetration!" You say "That's what I'm talking about.  So I'm going to
break out. I'm not limited!" 

Unlimited Jennifer unglued replies "Why is my knowledge limited? Why my
stature? Why my life to one hundred years rather than to a thousand? What
reason has nature had for giving me such, for what?" Jennifer walked to
the window, thought albatross around her neck. Her sails unfurled like a
curly girl. I'm Jennifer, she said. I'm Jennifer and I'm still Jennifer,
she said. Now I'm still Jennifer (wetting myself) (soaking myself honey
jennifer honeywet me) sucking me pee shit bleed ahhh shit pee bleed oooo
true to the ruined narcissistic disturbance - you knew something had to
give, to come. 

It came. It came in the morning when Clara was least expecting it, the
early morning of uneasy dreams, the morning of muffled ice. Clara turns
towards, turns around, Clara Null-Cipher. Cold as ice, she annihilates 
me, the dry gulch where protocol dies, she says: "Jennifer! They surfaced
again in 1688."

Jennifer said Jennifer said In writing I need a room of my own. In writ-
ing! and the last whisper a young beautiful boy moves to an island. a
young beautiful boy moves to an island. he sees a computer on the island.
he sees a computer on the island. the computer says, i don't word, the
computer says, "I don't hear a word." 


