


For CranMa


It's that the case can be made of absolute powerlessness, harboring
ourselves within the constitution of entities. Here, you and I are 
constituted; I can be as nice a little girl as you want. Nonetheless,
absolutism reigns with the period and numeric alpha-beta-gamma ver- 
sions, net.exhaustion 3.0 for example after the first and second, be-
fore the fourth and fifth.

Nothing occurs in these regards but self-immolation. Look towards the
other of socio-economic development for change, with or without terror
or revolution or Netscape/MSE-cool, although these are used as if we
are at the barricades; we're not

If anything, self-immolation, we're at the barricades of our own making
- seeing dispersion from the interior, not recognizing we're flaying our
own skins in the process, and the process of seeing itself is a version
of flaying our own skins.

Be assured of this: language is always already looser, whatever the pro-
tocols or manifestos. In public I'm weak, almost febrile; I can't speak
well, tend to become too nervous, self-critical, agreeing with the enemy.
I do have my dreams, and all of this, these languagings of art and the
social, are dreamings-at-a-loss, dreamings of the young girl in her nice
frock for example, holding the world at bay.

Net arts and criticisms have been around forever; they're integrated. 
But our use of language separates us, not from any vantage point. And I 
know I have bad theory, pounding at the doors. But look at emacs' doctor
program and its Eliza roots, perhaps the accounting of Freudian Dora, 
and today, by whom and for whom? 

Who speaks for the analyst, the analysand? Who speaks for the articula-
tion of the conscious or unconscious? What are the demographics of this 
or that festival, this or that _other_ festival, every festival a fes-
tival of the same in a very critical sense, and every festival one of 
the other, in another very critical sense. Always the incorporation of
capital. Always the presence of truth.

Frankly, I've been shot down for the truth, which I am never part of. I
do not recognize it when it's in front of me; in fact, I'll continue 
stubbornly to hold on to backwards opinions, as if I were afraid of ad-
mitting defeat. It's a personal loss I feel, a weakening of my body (and
I can't piss in front of another male for that matter) that replays over
and over again as I try to sleep (and I have had severe insomnia almost
all of my life). 

The truth is somewhere else, and I have felt if I could grasp that little
dot, say in net.truth, net.advocacy, net.desire, net.Jennifer, net.Julu,
net.Nikuko, net.Alan, I'd be halfway there - as it is, I'm not sure where
there is, what is the goal, who are the enemy (although I'd recognize a 
rifle pointed in my direction just as much as the next guy (over)).

All I have to over is imprecisely this confusion...

- Jennifer (for Alan, Nikuko, Julu)


