



Film themes as today

we looked at seventy films, more or less, in whole or in part, forward and
backward, for the festival. So that I could assemble a report on America's
concerns, on today-America, noting above all more angst than ever:

There would be a boy anxiety-driven, an object-girl both in color or black
and white chiaroscuro; sometimes she'd be submerged in a bathtub, and
sometime he'd smoke. Often looking down at her. Not so much nudity, but
thin gowns and gauze and you could see the nipples. Everything in shadow,
mirrors. 

So that the angst would be internalized, not contextualized - no multicul-
turalisms here, no politics, not even the social - just the two of them.
Over and over again, from all over the United States, in numerous guises.
What could they be thinking. What could any of us.

Here are the major themes and repetitions from this collection of work:

Hands, fingers entwined, hands clasping, hands examined, often shadowed.
Cropped faces, lips and mouth and chin visible or eyes, one or another.
Nervous hands, nervous ticks, arms loosely down by the side.
Soundtracks of resonant close-to-droning music, mournful as can be.
Heterosexual couplings and isolated alienated relationships.
Titles on the screen too long, often blurred, written in cursive script.
Out of focus or rack-focus images, blurred macro-closeups everywhere.
Scratched filmstock, scratchy films, images almost invisible at times.
Sound of dripping water often as a soundtrack motif.
Image of flowing water, puddles, often as a visual motif.
Gritty black and white images, hand-written titles as well.
Bleakness everywhere, not even the usual energy of industrial ruins.
Blurred or muffled echoey sound.
Mirrors and lipsticks and gauze used in conjunction with a woman.
Balconies or staring-into-space and smoking for the men.
Knives, wielded by women, usually shown as afterthought or closeup.
Romantic flashbacks where things were always nuclear family and better.
The title fading to brilliant overloading white, then fading in to detail.
Women in gowns, animals, severe agonizing men, little humor, faded
romance, dimly-lit beds, floorlamps and what was absent:
No cars, no trucks, no rock and roll, no AIDS, no drugs, no politics, no
parties, no punks, no fun, no everyday conversation, no informality. And
what was also present: static landscape, perfectly framed. 

I note that the image is dead in the water. 
That we have no idea of the social beyond internal collapse and
scaffolding.
That we are very quiet without our Internet, burned and buried inside.
That the films overturn the burial, that what we have been witnessing
these last years is nothing less than an exhumation.


