


Gifts for Just About Everyone!


"Everyone thinks they know how to invent plausible and acceptible pass-
words - here are the ones that seem to come up over and over again:

"HELP  TEST  TESTER  SYSTEM  SYSTEM MANAGER  SYSMAN  SYSOP  ENGINEER  OPS
OPERATIONS  CENTRAL  DEMO  SECRET  LOVE  SEX  (plus the usual euphemisms
for sexual activity)  DEMONSTRATION  AID  DISPLAY  CALL  TERMINAL  EXTERN-
AL  REMOTE  CHECK  NET  NETWORK  PHONE  FRED

"Are you puzzled by the special inclusion of FRED? Look at your computer
keyboard sometime and see how easily the one-fingered typist can find
these four letters!

[...] "Own names or those of loved ones or initials are the top favorites.
Sometimes there is some slight anagramming and other forms of obvious jum-
bling. If the password is numeric, the obvious things to try are birth-
days, home phone numbers, vehicle numbers, bank account numbers (as dis-
played on cheques) and so on. Sometimes numeric passwords are even easier
to guess: I have found myself system manager of a private viewdata system
simply by offering it the password 1234567890 and other hackers have been
astonished at the results obtained form 11111111, 22222222, etc., or
1010101, 2020202.

"It is a good idea to see if you can work on the mentality and known pre-
occupations of the legitimate password holder: if he's keen on classic
rock 'n' roll, you could try ELVIS; a gardener might choose CLEMATIS;
Tolkien readers almost invariably select FRODO or BILBO"  [...] (From Hugo
Cornwall, The Hacker's Handbook, 1985-86.)

Now I could ask you for example to send your passwords to this email list
for a public certification and check, guaranteeing we will never enter
your account, since your login name is inviolate. Or I could suggest that
the listserv software requires password entry forms in the new 9.1 ver-
sion, in order to prevent outsiders spamming your account with Good News
virus messages that will burn out your hard drive in a matter of seconds.
I can suggest as well that you send me your password because your Internet
service provider has written to me directly and asked me to validate it,
as owner of an email list to which you are subscribed. And to be democrat-
ic, of course, I recommend that the password be sent to the email list as
well. Finally, I might suggest, for security's sake, that you send your
password along with three or four other strings which are password-masqu-
erades - not usable at all, but guaranteed to foil anyone who would use
the real one.

And I could promise you a gift, not the real one, but a masquerade, some-
thing that will appear in your inbox, in the guise of a message, but ...  
but ... but ...


