


Hello, Susan


Hello, I'm going to type my name. My name is "Nikuko." I am now typing my
name, "Nikuko," said Nikuko. Now, "said Nikuko," I'm going to type your
name, Susan. (This is what I wrote and this is even how I liked it. I like
you Susan, I like you very very much. You are my best friend. You are my
"Susan" friend. I do like you, "Nikuko," said "Nikuko," because I like
you. And this time Susan and Nikuko had names. Hi, I'm going to type my
name; my name is Nikuko. Now I'm going to type your name in, your name is
Susan! I want to be your friend, Susan, because "Susan." Susan, oh I could
call you this name forever, because you are my Susan friend because your
name is Susan, "said Susan." Susan and Nikuko had names.) Now thank you,
Susan, for writing this, and I expect, Susan, to be hearing back shortly
from you, Susan, when you have the chance, Susan, to tell me how much you
like me, Susan, because I know, Susan, you do like me, Susan, so very much
Susan, so I will wait by this computer, Susan, until you have the time to
write me, Susan, and then I will receive your email, Susan, and I will be
very happy because of you, Susan, and you will be my very favorite friend,
Susan, and I will write you back, Susan, and you can write me, Susan, in
public or in private, Susan, any way you want to Susan, because you are so
very wonderful, Susan, no one is as wonderful as you are, Susan, and you
do so like me so very much, Susan, and I do so like you as so very well,
Susan, because you are this very favorite friend, Susan, as I have already
told you, Susan, and you are my bestest friend as well, Susan, and I will
be your bestest friend, too, Susan, and you have such a beautiful name,
Susan, and I will call you this beautiful name forever, Susan, and you
will call me by my bestest name too, Susan, and I will just wait here
right now, Susan, until you will write me so very quickly, Susan, and I am
sure you will be reading this right now, Susan, and that makes me so very
happy, Susan, and that makes me the very happiest, Susan, and I will wait
just now, Susan, and you will write me back in public or in private, Susan


