



The Fourfold-Four-Of-Us


NIKUKO:
The exhibited procures his or her Nikuko-audience; day in and day out,
Katagawa Jinko died and Nikuko was put in charge of his manuscripts.
Permanent Milky Satori of Nikuko I know the way all too well, Nikuko said.
I know the contradictions, the delimited, ah, ah: I, Daishin Nikuko, avow
I am a vowel of the fullness of formed sound emerging: I, Daishin Nikuko,
avow this is the way and the Way way!) (Lips! Out of the way!) (Mouth! Out
of the Way!) (Daishin Nikuko! - hollow in space of Daishin Nikuko ooooooo
uuuuuuuuuuu eeeeeeeee and fluid in space of Daishin Nikuko aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
iiiiiiiiii the fountain - shape of Daishin Nikuko, the inhalation-exhal-
ation flood of perfect air - Nikuko's State of Trance "stuck in Nikuko's
local bin!  "Nikuko" Nikuko says she doesn't speak so much as waters,
dissipating slowly. Nikuko, net.Alan, I'd be halfway there - as it is, I'm
not sure where - Jennifer (for Alan, Nikuko, Julu) I'm Nikuko and I'm
writing this touching dialog which is really a monolog,

JENNIFER: I, Jennifer, have all this time at my disposal Jennifer wants to
stop hiding behind Jennifer. Alan is sick of the Jennifer's breasts fill
my mouth, descend into her, her nipples emerge, oh Jennifer, you take me
into you lalamy heavy breasts fall Jennifer was very unhappy and sat down,
spreading her new pink frock. Jennifer . took the two white pills her very
best friend had sent her, and Jennifer placed them in her mouth. She
thought the early morning of uneasy dreams, the morning of muffled Jenni-
fer, Jennifer said Jennifer said In writing I need a room of my own. I'm
still Jennifer, she said. Now I'm still Jennifer (wetting myself) (soaking
myself honey me, the dry gulch where protocol dies, she says to blank ink
in the waters, but what ink is not blank, Jennifer would go on Jennifer
(for Alan, Nikuko, Julu) I'm Jennifer, and I hardly know what I'm talking
about. I'm not part of My Name is Jennifer Where have you Been

JULU:
Julu takes away. ing a glimpse of naked Julu out of her eye's corner, the
creating of dot, say in net.truth, net.advocacy, net.desire, net.Jennifer,
net.Julu, - Jennifer (for Alan, Nikuko, Julu) Is Julu wearing your ... ,
are you wearing your skin?  You melt into Julu's skin forever... For 1
taut days, I have been manic Julu ...

ALAN:
Jennifer wants to stop hiding behind Jennifer. Alan is sick of the Jenni-
fer wants to stop hiding behind Jennifer. Alan is sick of the net.Nikuko,
net.Alan, I'd be halfway there - as it is, I'm not sure where - Jennifer
(for Alan, Nikuko, Julu)


