




Nikuko in Dana


I am "in" Dana. What does it mean to be "in" Dana? Dana is a software
program; I am "in" the program, which is primarily an ASCII editor. 

To be in a program is to have opened the program, to have entered data
perhaps, to have observed data. Push and pull technology or a dialectic
at work. To be in a program is to be surrounded by the program, perhaps
a state in which the virtual subject is constituted, at least in part,
by a phenomenological horizon whose parameters are established by the
program.

What about this horizon? This horizon is both infinite (technically, of
an inaccessibly high finite number, perhaps) and bounded; defined, say,
by the length of an admissible file on one hand, and by the configuration
and protocols on the other. But the horizon is also the life-world of
these boundaries and infinities (text oozing everywhere/text defined
equally everywhere), the experiencing of the subject in relation to
them.

What about this experiencing? The virtual subject is not the subject of
experience or the subject of experiencing; this is always already an
elsewhere, of which the virtual subject is both catalyst and node. Or
the framework of the phenomenological horizon for example. Or the exam- 
ple-at-hand of the virtual subject. (But then, are we talking about the
physical subject, the material subject, the offline subject, the psycho-
logical subject; is there is a subject that is all and not all of these at
once, and if so, why not the online subject as well?)

When I write as Alan, I am "in" Alan. When I write as Nikuko, I am "in"
Nikuko. Am I in Nikuko more than I am in Alan? Am I in Alan more than I
am in Nikuko? I would say there are shifts from framework to framework,
offline and online, and there are shifts from protocol to protocol. I
would say the shifts, the frameworks, and the protocols are fuzzy,
hardly  primitive operations, but placed in relation to the subject, to
interiors and exteriors.

I would insist as well that there are also issues of capital: What con-
stitutes the intellectual property of the software program? Of the input
and output content - the flow through the program? (Is a program always
constituted by input and output - what would be considered, for example in
relation to music synthesis, either filtering, or generating, or mixing?)

I am _in Dana._ Through Dana, I write this text. I am _in Alan._ Through
Alan, I write this text. I cannot write as Nikuko: this text, technical,
obtuse, is an Alan-text. I cannot write as Nikuko: Dana occurs between
the writer and the reader.

Can Nikuko ever write as Nikuko? Doesn't this bring those old questions
of the apparatus into focus once again? Rather than think them (the
questions), I would rather think of Nikuko-doubling, doubling-as-Alan,
doubling-through-Dana.

Nikuko cannot tell where her body ends, Dana's begins. Nikuko cannot
tell where Alan's body ends, hers begins. And so forth; Nikuko finds
these questions boring, of no concern. 

To be in a software program, for Nikuko, means just as well that her
body extends into and through the program, that the program surrounds
and fits, coherently and harmoniously most hopefully, her body. To be
in Nikuko means, that Nikuko's desires and wishes, fulfillments and
drives, are Nikuko's as well, read by Dana on the one hand, Alan on the
other, hardly in the same format or fit. 

But Nikuko is writing Alan, or Nikuko is permitting Alan to write,
these technical considerations. And what does such a permission mean,
what does Alan amount to, without Nikuko, perhaps, and perhaps without
Dana as well...

(I know, I know, Nikuko writes, all this mixing of epistemology. But
just for once!)


