


oaTao


Thomas Merton, in The Way of Chuang Tzu, translates/paraphrases part of
xxii. 6. as follows: "The limit of the unlimited is called 'fullness.'
/ The limitlessness of the limited is called 'emptiness.' / Tao is the 
source of both. But it is itself / Neither fullness nor emptiness."

Now one can immediately dispense with the objection that 'fullness' it-
self constitutes a limit by virtue of the name, which is already given 
in "The limit of" much as "the greatest number" constitutes a name to 
which of course it is possible always to state "the greatest number plus
one," which, in any case, is taken care of vis-a-vis transfinite arith-
metic. But here, since TM writes in english, let us concentrate on "full-
ness" itself, the _u_ holding forth, either two vertical arms, or the
very bottom of a well; the sound, the ooo, fooolness, bringing to mind
both that of the mind of Chuang Tzu, or the depth of the unlimited as a
sound which one might call _om._ Here, not. Then, here.

"The limitlessness of the limited" falls away from the limited, and one
might recall here again, that which constitute the fundamental opera-
tions of the propositional logic, not-both-a-and-b and neither-a-nor-b,
the Sheffer stroke and its dual. Here too the limited is in a state of
detumescence, abandonment; "emptiness" is already a deflation from 
fullness, and fullness is inert, the sound hovering just above the dust
on the road where meditation occurs. Everything proceeds from nothing 
and nothing proceeds from everything, as long as you have both nothing 
and everything.

What is the source of both is what constitutes the gainsay-ing of the 
propositional logic in the first place, an inscription drawn or other-
wise stated, or a kanji which is the ur-symbol; here there is nothing 
but effacement, the symbol ground into the dust from which it apparently
springs. Nothing can be further from the truth; the symbol springs not
from dust, springs from nowhere, just as language arises as an emergence
through which syntax is constituted (re: protolanguage) perhaps - not 
the other way around.

If the socius originally communicates, it is in relation to survival - 
thirst, hunger, procreation, sleep, etc. - and play itself wavers as a
detour from this emptiness. What communicates runs rampant across drives,
instincts, and intentions, and it becomes evident that the distinctions
among these are problematized as lips turn back, teeth are bared, sudden-
ly redrawn into a smile.

But the Tao is neither one nor the other, abjuring inscription, or rather
effacing inscription at the very moment of its occurrence; kanji after
kanji become a tablet of remembrance, to the extent that culture and civ-
ilization continue to exist past the moment of birth. And Tao is also a
universal wager of the form _not this not that,_ _neti neti,_ which is, 
and now you see the genius or spark at work, precisely that of the stroke
or operation constituting logic, and, in other forms, set theory. 

In other words, withdrawal produces its own excrescences; creation of and
by the meek not only inherents the earth, but like weak theory, produces
it.


