


More than One, Two, Many


Addison, Spectator, April 20, 1711, of a Friday, he writes among other
things: 

"But there is nothing which delights and terrifies our _English_ Theatre
so much as a Ghost, especially when he appears in a bloody Shirt. A Spec-
tre has very often saved a Play, though he has done nothing but stalked
across the Stage, or rose through a Cleft of it, and sunk again without
speaking one Word." [...] "The Appearance of the Ghost in _Hamlet_ is a
Master-piece in its kind, and wrought up with all the Circumstances that
can create either Attention or Horror. The Mind of the Reader is wonder-
fully prepared for his Reception, by the Discourses that precede it: His
dumb Behaviour at his first Entrance, strikes the Imagination very
strongly; but every time he enters, he is still more terrifying. Who can
read the Speech with which young _Hamlet_ accosts him, without trembling?"

Things appear, nouns are, verbs do, particles surround, ghosts walk, and
ghosts may or may not talk, and when they talk, they will say a word which
they may not Say. There is no ectoplasm except insofar as it is testable
and determinate, all that effluvia or fluid corraled for the purposes of
19th-century science for an example; ghosts are translucent but every-
where determinate. This is the determinate of Western civilization, if I
may stereotype, thinking through the Noh with its evanescence that might
imply an elusion or elision, Jun'ichiro Tanizaki's In Praise of Shadows,
"This was particularly true of Kongo Iwao; but even the hands of an ord-
inary actor - which is to say the hands of an average, undistinguished
Japanese - have a remarkable erotic power which we would never notice were
we to see the man in modern attire." (Trans. Harper and Seidensticker.)

Fluids meld from things in darkness, losing distinguishing features and
that sharpness that comes from the exhileration of light. Nouns and verbs
might forever disappear as _objects appear by virtue of the intentional
processes of illumination_ - every _thing_ is a flux and definition, and
in the darkness language peers out from its originations...

( Why but that I would be your ghost, your inhalation, through the tunnels
of your body, through the thin fingers, through the skin sloughed and left
mid-air, the piss in the toilet, the tears dried against the desiccating
wind... )

"Out beyond the sitting room, which the rays of the sun can at best but
barely reach, we extend the eaves or build on a veranda, putting the
sunlight at still greater a remove." (Tanizaki.) "Far be it from me to
think of banishing this Instrument of Sorrow from the Stage; I know a
Tragedy could not subsist without it: All that I would contend for is, to
keep it from being misapplied." (Addison.)

Let us say that there are doubled orderings of things, in the day when
things coalesce and in the night when things are coalesced. Let us say
that there are active and passive Instruments and Agencies, and that these
interpenetrate, are Objects of one another's Imagination and Fascinations.
And let us further say, that all of these, among ourselves, and ourselves
including, are half-alive, that our Words are but Poorly Spoken, that we
have the capacity of the Inaudible, even in our Protestations and Utter-
most Desires. Then Ghosts do reign among Occidentalisms and Orientalisms
already deconstructed, and further, that there are but ghosts, and these
are not the singled or doubled orderings, but of _a nature altogether._

"It must have been simple for specters to appear in a 'visible darkness,'
where always something seemed to be flickering and shimmering, a darkness
that on occasion held greater terrors than darkness out-of-doors. This was
the darkness in which ghosts and monsters were active, and indeed was not
the woman who lived in it, behind thick curtains, behind layer after layer
of screens and doors - was she not of a kind with them? The darkness
wrapped her round tenfold, twentyfold, it filled the collar, the sleeves
of her kimono, the folds of her skirt, wherever a hollow invited." 
(Tanizaki.)

Let us say that there are scripts and orderings, stains and residues in
and throughout the earth, nothing your way at all. Or let us not say this,
altogether, or speak, or remain silent. Let us say that silence and shadow
are on the far side of the sun and therefore of a planet, and therefore
where the things are. Let us say that some think there is responsibility
for such things, but they are also on the far side, and such is intention
where I come into play. "wherever a hollow invited."

- _the continuity girl_


