


My Troubled Heart, Reactions to Heian Aesthetics


I am so alone; I turn towards Heian aesthetics for consolation. I am
banned from the castle, turned away from the shrine. I write myself
delicately across prints and scrolls. I am lost in space. There is always
another infinite. The realm of departed beings, hungry spirits.

My troubled heart, you're not around
My troubled heart, you'll not be found

I don't comprehend haiku; I do comprehend zen poetics. I don't comprehend
autumn, cherry flowers, rain, ponds, sake. I have drunk sake in parks and
lived through an autumn of cherry flowers. I comprehend the white-sky
black outlines against the moon. I don't comprehend tsuki, the moon in the
poem of haiku.

My troubled heart, you're never there
My troubled heart, I cry out where

I don't comprehend sleeves wet with tears, or the edges of a sleeve just
visible outside the door of the cart, chariot, palanquin. I don't compre-
hend crimson and white outlinings, nor the pilgrimage and its attendants.
I do understand walking along a path wet with rain, green and black on
both sides, rustlings underfoot. I don't understand the messaging of
poems, the screens dividing one from another. I don't understand the
softness of the word. I have been immersed within the world's softness and
its poems; eyes closed, I have absorbed the dew and brine-shrimp feeding
upon the shoals of my body submerged in warming waters.

My troubled heart, I'm sad and blue
My troubled heart, and who are you

I don't understand mono no aware, although I have wept copiously over the
tiniest thing carrying the weight of the fallen world. There are pine
trees that appear monotonous by the banks of the stream. There are
solitary pine trees between myself and the moon, casting the shadow of
lunacy across me. I have walked in the midst of the forests; I cannot read
them, cannot read the signs. Signs are mirrors of the world; signs and
mirrors are technologies. At opposite ends of cultures and chasms: signs
and mirrors.

My troubled heart, I cry and cry
My troubled heart, I'll surely die

I am so alone, I no longer see your face, nor can I imagine it. There is
no face, there is Face, there are faces. I cannot bridge gaps, am not
receptive to the gasp after the ringing of the bell or brilliant stems of
white flowers: but I gasp, after the bell, before the stems of brilliant
flowers.

My troubled heart, it's all the same
My troubled heart, what is your name

If everything is illusion, I open myself to illusion, welcome it; I open
myself to shades, wraiths, ghosts; they are hard against me. I cannot
picture them, but I feel their pressure against my skin, just where
creases lie, scars, wounds, cuts, scabs, fissures, holes. I will turn my
body of non-illusion around for you in my dream-world of not-being-alone
with you, but I am so alone that I cannot read Heian aesthetics, cannot
send poems across the abyss. I cannot read into the abyss either. I cannot
climb either up or down the slopes.

My troubled heart, take me to bed
My troubled heart, I'm nearly dead

I can read the aesthetics; I can't comprehend haiku; renga come nearest in
the dialog, but who am I to dialog with you and who are you and where are
you, the distant hut against the edges of the pine forests, lives there a
hermit and devotions, on the naming day of the woman who I saw from afar,
reading a scroll to another; I think a young girl was also present, there
were blossoms on the screen, these double-flowering cherries; think of the
willows, think of me, the poem floated down the street; candles; he wept
copiously into his sleeves; oh brilliance; that I promised to love you in
this way forever, take you with me,

My troubled heart, I pray above
My troubled heart, bring me my love


