


Eating


Jennifer returns the favor, gnawing at _the continuity girl,_ Gnaw! Gnaw!
Gnaw! Her mouth fills with _continuity-flesh,_ as words turn around in
mid-stream, protocols sputter across Siberia and Argentina, lovers now.
Gnaw! Gnaw! Gnaw!

Norman O. Brown, Love's Body (and what is Jennifer if not my lover's body,
says _the continuity girl_), and Geza Roheim, Magic and Schizophrenia (and
and what is _continuity_ if not magic broken by the violence of schizo-
phrenia, says Jennifer as Sudan clashes with Japan over territorial rites
in Fiji):

"The testimony of schizophrenia: _they eat and are eaten._ Schizophrenia
is 'food trouble'; schizophrenia says, 'Hunger, that is the soul'; 'There
is only one story - that somebody was starved. But not really - only in-
side, in my stomach.' Prisoners of starvation. 'The whole trouble started
with a party. People were dreaming that they were hungry, but hungry in-
side; they were not understood and the police broke it up.'" Gnaw! Gnaw!

He goes on, says Jennifer, half-eaten breast in her mouth, speaking of
transubstantiation. I won't grow, says what's left of _the continuity
girl,_ voice splattered across gouged trachea. Gnaw! Gnaw! Jennifer's
covered with grease and parts smeared everywhere. What remain of her her
clothes are dirty and useless. How dirty and useless. Enough to exchange
for top-hat and toga; the constellations are suddenly different, and Hyena
gapes from the nighttime sky. Gnaw! Gnaw! Gnaw!

_the continuity girl_ can't end this way, can she? I couldn't continue
reading says Jennifer, or writing or speaking away, or whatever I'm doing
at the moment, and she's flying above North Dakota, but at a very low
altitude. Her mouth's engorged, her genitals swollen, her frock and
panties filthy, gaping above the corn and wheat fields somewhere in the
noonday Midwest. Look, Father, a flying girl, says a nameless child far
below. Jennifer thinks, Gnaw! Gnaw! Gnaw!

The left leg, half-eaten, of _the continuity girl_ swoons, hairs standing
on end, muscles slightly rigid. Gnaw! Gnaw! Gnaw!


