


Cell to Cell Modeling and the Internet


Geoffrey M. Cooper's, The Cell, A Molecular Approach, specifies four modes
of cell to cell communication. All of them involve transport of molecules
which bind onto target cell receptors - the receptors may be on the cell
surface, or receptors in the cytoplasm or nucleus. In endocrine signaling,
hormones are secreted by endocrine cells; they travel through the circula-
tory system to specified target cells at a distance. There is a relation
between this form of communication and traditional models stressing trans-
mitter, channel and message and receiver. (Noise also enters into the mod-
els, related to disease, dis/ease in cellular communication.) Think of
hormones as regulating the system-state as well; in this fashion, Inter-
net communication also appears regulatory - discussions on the surface
tend towards qualitative changes in protocols, as well as changes in sur-
face content (filterings and censorships).

The second form of cell to cell communication is paracrine signaling, in
which a molecule released by one cell acts upon neighboring target cells.
This is local or intranet communication; in the body, it's qualitatively
different, not involving the circulatory system. Intraneural communication
provides the textbook example. I'd think of Web hypertextuality, which
creates the semblance of adjacency through address-to-address communica-
tion - that's all that's happening. Java and other applet languages pro-
vide another example with clumps moving back and forth through browser and
server interfaces. Think of cgi-bin programs as well.

The third form of cell to cell communication is direct cell to cell sig-
naling, what we would call face-to-face, the relationship of the virtual
subject for example to hypertext linking, which appears both imminent and
a contact-form. Think of hypertext linking as _touch._ I would also place
the ascii unconscious here - what occurs during net sex, for example, in
the relationship between text and body, reading and writing the body, con-
trol and transgression, and speaking the (contractual body and mind of
the) other.

The first form, note, tends towards the third as the Internet matures;
this is also a tendency towards the seamless virtual reality of the future
in which communication appears authentic, the term dependent upon the
technological-social. Thus "authentic" travels from the romanticism of
immanence through the technological, to an auratic future in which one can
no longer tell the difference - and one no longer wants to.

The fourth form of cell to cell communication is autocrine signaling, very
reminiscent of operational amplifiers with positive and negative feedback
looping. In autocrine signaling, a cell communicates, loops back upon it-
self. A common operation is that of growth factors in T lymphocytes res-
ponding to foreign antigenic stimulation. A second example is that of can-
cer cells, also generating growth factors uncontrollably. This results in
unregulated reproduction, the cell no longer responding to others in its
vicinity. (Think of the second as an out of control positive feedback
loop, and think of the first as a regulated positive feedback loop. Thus
cybernetics enters into the heart of the body as well as the Internet, as
autopoesis among other processes.)

One might see this fourth form of cell to cell communication as a signal
from outside, regulating the internal behavior of the cell, which responds
in turn by foreclosing and self-generation. Could one see this as the
beginning of thought, to the extent that the cell is processing external
information, then internally processing and operating upon its internal
processing? While this happens, I think, in every form of communication
(what I call resonance of the subject), in autocrine communication it is
the dominant mode. Thus autocrine communication might be considered a
model, however rough or simplified, of the subject cell - which can then
turn towards operative health (reproducing for the sake of repulsion) or
operative destruction (reproduction for the sake of reproduction). In the
former, there is an element of alterity at work - the reproduction is
_reproduction-for_ - and in the latter, there is an element of psychosis -
_this_ cell surviving and proliferating in any nutritive matrix whatso-
ever.

While there have been repeated conjectures in relation to the Internet as
mind or at least an extension of mind, it might be more worthwhile to con-
sider it as an organism of communicating cells. In this manner, it is app-
ropriate to relate hormones and other communicating molecules to surface
and depth processes on the Internet - rather than desiring and searching
for mind everywhere in the denatured world.


