



Nikuko's Over My Head


Let's think again about cell to cell communication all right now that you
can read me clearly, I, Daishin Nikuko, said, pulling my long legs around
an extension two blocks in length you could look up close to where they
joined the body on the side.

Say that endocrine communication is of the form of a transitive operator
such that AcB where we have (A)cB -> (Ac)B -> A(cB) -> Ac(B). To some
extent that first and last may also be considered autocrine, that is of
the form xx = x and we can see Boolean operations at work. c is not C, but
a channel; however we can also imagine c as C, node, and the equation
still holds. Thus any transitive communications process with beginning and
ending resonances which are at least temporarily feeding back is both
endocrine and a rough model of the first degree.

For the second degree, we have paracrine communication, action on the
neighborhood which appears imminent and we might think of this as a series
of processes (A)cB -> Ac(B) in which the channel is submerged so to speak.
This leads to direct contact of the form (A)B -> A(B); autocrine is of
course (A) -> (A), or we might indicate the initialization as A -> (A),
and we can add this step elsewhere all along so for example in endocrine
we would have A -> (A)cB and Ac(B) -> B indicating a lowering of energy or
return to a relatively quiescent state. This may or may not occur.

I only wish to note that such ideas may be considered as extended by Robin
Milner in Communication and Concurrency, in which there are various models
based on Senders, Receivers, Mediums, Ethers, Bounded Ethers, Buffers, and
Bounded Buffers. For example in the Bounded Buffer discipline, A Sender
may always send a message, provided the medium is not full; the Receiver
may always receive a message, provided the medium is not empty; and the
order of receiving messages is equivalent to the order of sending mess-
ages. One might think of this as packet transmission of course in a linear
configuration.

In the Ether configuration, the Send may always send; the Receiver may
receive provided the medium isn't empty; and the order of receiving may be
otherwise than the order of sending. One might think of this as packet
transmission in which the order is reassembled at the destination, i.e.
TCP/IP.

There is also a Shared Memory discipline, in which there are registers
that may be written to, read from. Out of all of this, a calculus is
developed based on agents, cells, data, parameters, handshakes, and so
forth.

The autocrine might be a situation of a single cell without a medium;
items are received in the order sent, and there is no buffer. The direct
cell to cell might be a situation of double cells without a medium; items
are received in the order sent, and there is no buffer. In both the lag
might be considered zero. 

Both paracrine and endocrine communication are open to all of Milner's
models. In the latter, the capacity or bandwidth of communication is
determined by fixed channels, speed of flow, etc., whether we're looking
at the circulatory system or wires/fiber optic. This does not obviate such
schemes as multiplexing, encryption, compression, and so forth, of course.
In the paracrine, we find a most interesting situation - there is no pre-
determined channel capacity, except for total surface input/output areas
of the cell; for theoretical purposes, we might consider such areas as
irrelevant - in order to arrive at a model which, vis-a-vis postmodernity,
needs to encounter such processes as overdeterminations, implosions, ex-
plosions, splittings/splinterings, and various forms of hyper-scarcities,
hyper-overloading as well.

We can extend the paracrine through the nomadic as a wandering of cells,
wandering of information and information regimes - and by this time, we
are far from the relatively coherent models of both cell biology and the
Internet. But that may be precisely the point here, I, Daishin Nikuko,
would say, watching a slight flush of labia appear just at the edge of the
screen, jutting out from the edge of the screen, melting and melding the
edge of the screen - desire and all that messiness, my anal scent for
example, breaks down concentrations, coherencies, and for all my secre-
tions, reasonable argumentation. I am suspicious of such argumentation
that ignores the sweet smell of my sweat, or the taste of my lover's
sperm - not in order to argue either that I put my clothes back on or that
sexualization is at the basis of each and every text or communicative
environment (that would be absurd, a return to a passe Freudian pseudo-
determinism) - but to argue that disturbances, parasites, as both Serres
and Kristeva might say, are _inherent_ in communication, in our explica-
tion of logic, in our drives towards certainty thwarted by trembling
fingers and wet mouths and hands. Now you see what happens to me, Alan,
when I write such a long sentence!

I'd argue in favor of the paranoid, parasitic, paracrine; I'd argue that
we'd find ourselves there, since we'd find ourselves at a loss there. I'd
say this might be where concurrency breaks down in the world of splayed
legs (sex) and bodies (deaths). I'd say we'd have to walk around carefully
here...

Milner states that [...] "we shall first examine some different media for
communication; we argue that they can all be reduced to the primitive
notion of _handshake communication_ between agents, and that agents need
not and should not be divided into two classes, the performers (active)
and the media (passive)." (This has implications for gender theory at the
least.) Let us assume, then, with Merlin Donald, that mind is an exten-
sion of external media, or rather that external media are an extension of
mind, or rather... Let us assume that cyborg processes are already too
dualistic, too much a situation of classifiers, pointers, well-defined
operations bounded by traditional input/output thinking.

I might add, now that my labia are quite exposed and swollen by the para-
crine, that Milner's calculus is incredibly complex, far too complex for
me or Alan. But listen to the beginning of the book: "Communication and
concurrency are complementary notions, both essential in understand com-
plex dynamic systems. On the one hand such a system has diversity, being
composed of several parts each acting concurrently with, and independently
of, other parts; on the other hand, a complex system has unity (or else we
should not call it a system), achieved through communication among its
parts."

"Underlying both these notions is the assumption that each of the several
parts of such a system has its own identity, which persists through time;
we shall call these parts _agents._" [...] "The more complex an organism
is, the greater is the need to think of it as a network of agents."

So we might consider agents, networks, media - channels, bandwidths, res-
onances, feedbacks etc., as part of a model of the Internet - and we might
also see how these have a certain biological emphasis as well, without
falling into a naive organicism on one hand, or problematic theories of
mind-in-the-wires on the other. Now I will bend myself again to the task
at hand, the correction of this text, adjusting my clothing upon which I
am sitting, typing naked what might also be considered a _love letter_ to
you, having read this far (into the text) (into the night).

I love you all, I am Daishin Nikuko, the Paracrine or Paraclete... You may
have me across the surface of my body, across the surface of your own -
Fair is Fair!!!


