




blinking gaps in the mountains and valleys

by _the continuity girl_


there is a gap between texts where the words run dry,
there are addresses and bars, lines delineating one from another,
page numbers as separators, asterisks. so these are breaks within
which something else comes to fill, fulfill, whatever there had been
beyond, seeping across the edges of the screen, beneath the keys.
this is nothing parallel to list aura, which is generated by an email
list, nothing parallel to attachments or other riders on posts or
programs.
instead, this is the split in which the fingers reflect the screen's
light, or light from a nearby window, as now, when there are contours
indicating direction, as if generated by ray-tracing programs
hungering in the real.
sometimes there will be a conversation or other inhabiting, telephone
call or meal or sleep, visit of a friend, bad news from old homes.
whatever the cause/space/place, the breaks cause memory to become
memory, as in content or _continuity girl_ would would follow the script
and hold you to the script.
it is a balance which falters; my writing has fallen on bad times, 
as an example of this faltering, as I no longer think clearly, sometimes
not otherwise, or in pursuit of a minor literature.
or that the theory begins to spread across the plateau of a cut tree,
covering and forgetting the signs of growth which have been removed
above any consideration, elsewhere than the immediate difficulties 
of this lived life. 
and when the life seeps through the text, _there,_ that is the difficulty!
and when the life takes over the text, exactly the same! and when the life
needs to be lived for the text, for 'experience,' I'd drown the text
in the life, move to another small town, kill dogs and children for 
amusement, run and hide into the mountains where dogs and children 
would find and love me.
there would be circles of rocks and patterns of rocks to play hippy-
hop and lots of meat for the dogs and I would feed the children
luscious berries and wonderful-beautiful food gathered while I wandered
through the woods.
you would see the flags flying from the town when you looked up 
at the mountains, but when you went into the mountains, the flags
would be gone and you would be left wondering.
it is in this state, when you returned from the mountain, 
that you would write texts on responsibility and civic duty, and others 
of the laws and regulations, internal and external constraints, and you
would begin to articulate what it is about the text that you are reading
about the text.
I would be playing with the dogs and children. you would publish your
text, yes you would, I would say, drinking at the local tavern,
yes you would, yes you would, yes you would


