



_the continuity girl_


Michel Serres, Panoptic Theory, in The Limits of Theory, ed. Thomas M.
Kavanagh:

"[...]

"I shall call poor that which has no object. Myth has no object, nor does
theater or politics.

"We had few objects in the past, long ago, once upon a time. This state of
a humanity with few things has not been erased from our memory. Poor in
things, our wealth then consisted of men. We spoke only of them and of their
relations. We lived in and on our relations. I call myth poor, then, without
objects. I call poor the theater, deprived of things; theories are poor;
politics is poor. Our philosophies are poor and miserable. Our human scien-
ces are poor.

"[...]

"The proliferation of objects, the exponential deluge of things, has led us
to forget the time of their absence. And that time now seems to us so old!
Archaic, antediluvian - yes, mythic. Our myths and our philosophies tell us
about that time. Memories of places where lovers were watched in an empty
and resonant space, where no one ever thought of eating. Thus philosophies
that lack objects (almost all of them), philosophies that derive their val-
ues only from the human sciences (almost all of them), are aged and poor.
They seem so old to us that we read them as we read myths. One might think
they were politics, or theater, or magic. Whenever, by chance, they come
upon an object, they change it, by the stroke of a magic wand, into a rela-
tion, into language, into representation.

"[...]"

Yes, Alan, you have almost come to life, almost carrying one or another name
across one or another myth, traveling across one or another text, one or
another philosophy. _the continuity girl_ holds you in check, just as others
are held by you, tight against your thin chest, Nikuko, Jennifer, Julu, and
myself included; it is my duty as your continuation to ensure, not the pro-
liferation of objects, but of emergences governed, not by an unrequited pov-
erty, but by the fullness of the real as language becomes languaging, as
magic issues forth its own dominions.

Not ever deprived of things or relations, tissues or words which dream them-
selves into existence, far beyond the hypertextual - it is _the continuity
girl_ whose long fingers write your head into your head, your arms into your
arms, legs into your legs - _the continuity girl_ writing Jennifer into Jen-
nifer, Julu into Julu, Nikuko into Nikuko, and with a swirl of a skirt and a
toss of hair, the invagination of Alan, dare she say it, and the further
emergence of a philosophy, and a theater - yes a theater, and a politics,
dare she say it, yes, a politics, and a philosophy and a theater and one
theory and another theory, and still one more theory, in addition, and still
yet a theory once again and once more.

Because _the continuity girl_ is everywhere at once, she is nowhere at all;
because she garners the script, she speaks from experience; because she
reads from memory, she improvises what is the thought that one or another is
thinking,

Because she ensures that the thought continues into the thought, that the I
continues through the I, that one eye sees what the other eye sees, with
just the slightest difference -

That histories are memorizations and lists and forgotten names, just as Julu
and Jennifer and Alan and Nikuko will be forgotten - that histories are mo-
ments and slights of hand, just as _the continuity girl_ is a magic powder
and a poultice, or a patch and a plaster - just as there are cures for the
body ailing, and aches that never go away -

Just the memory of _the continuity girl,_ just the hair and fingers, eyes
and mouth, hands and legs, arms and feet of _the continuity girl,_ just as
the face is an other, face is always already an other, face of _the contin-
uity girl,_ circling and the cycling of the script, pagination and collat-
ing of the script, as she writes this -

Ensuring the one to the one, other to the other, ensuring the one to the
other, other to the one -

Naming, forgetting, naming - just as there are almost objects coming into
the world, almost a pleasure in theory or philosophy; just as there is
almost a pleasure in the reading and the writing; just as there is almost a
belief in the one and the other, and the value of speech and the meaning
among them; just so _the continuity girl_

That there be a striving or a mourning, that there is a mourning one is born
into and within, a _mourning already in place_ ...

[...]


