




Perfection Implied by Relative Invisibility and the Shaking of Hands*

Aesthetics of Perfection


Milner's Communication and Concurrency develops the notion of a _single
perfect action,_ tau (we'll use T) such that, if there are agents
a(A)c' and c(B)b' where x' implies output and otherwise input, then if we
have a(A)c'---->----c(B)b' and A'-->c'-->A (where A' is the state before
c' is released - note that all of this is a handshake communication among
agents - then we can infer A'|B --> A|B' where | is composition. (This is
similar in a way to both something called Petrie graphs and a formalism I
worked on years ago.) The question asked - what is the label of the last
arrow? Milner states that this is T, which references the _single perfect
action_ or handshake. It is internal to the system, and has no complement.
Further, it is not directly observable. Milner regards two systems as
equivalent of course if they exhibit the same ("in some sense") pattern of
external actions. T can figure in graphs such as linear sequences. It does
not figure externally. 

Among other things, Milner uses the formalism for thinking about communi-
cation protocols (such as TCP/IP etc.). There are handshakes, send, and
ack (acknowledgements) involved; a three-way handshake is used in TCP/IP,
interrupted in a SYN attack. I think a model could be developed from this
involving layering such that T could also represent an entire structure
that _appears_ inputless and outputless. Such a structure could be consid-
ered a basis under certain circumstances; thus TCP/IP is nothing that the
end user concerns herself with - and in fact to the extent that protocols
and protocol configurations disappear from the "surface" of communications
technologies, those technologies increasingly appear virtual/real. Thus a
future seamless virtual reality would appear to be an _inhabitation_ (in
the Heideggerian sense), and the "normative" phenomenological horizon of
the subject would be - as if it were - _identically mapped_ in processes
to and from the machinery. We can speak of the bandwidth or raster of
these processes as well. (And are all autonomic processes perfect? And is
there an aesthetics implied?)

In fact, within the book, everything is process; a storage register for
example is defined as put(Reg(y))get' which is, in fact, a representation
of potential operations. The formal definition is Reg(y) def = putx.Reg(x)
+ gety'.Reg(y) - in other words, either put something in or take something
out. Registers - plural - can be indexed in various ways.

Could we then make up for example [TCP/IP] where all T resonate internal-
ly, and where the brackets represent the protocol layers, including the
inputs and outputs - except those pertaining uppermost to the subject and
her communication (actual and potential)?

I realize I know less and less of the modeling process as I continue here.
But what I am concerned with is the notion of perfect actions "below" a
surface, just as software does its job. Within this situation, there would
be disturbances - noise, chaotic noise, parasites, viruses, Trojan horses,
and so forth - through which a particular T would break into its compon-
ents. In such cases, the boundaries or borderlines of invisible processes
become evident; such processes, from the viewpoint of perfection, are
"flawed." It's in this domain that the Nikuko and Jennifer experimentation
has occurred at times, and as perfect sequences are interrupted, their
virtual bodies expand, producing awkward and confused text. The text is
their bones, the confusion their speech.

Milner's book is concerned with scheduling; I like thinking about hand-
shakes, perfections, and breakdowns. Concurrency is critical in parallel
processing - everything runs together smoothly (ideally). Handshaking is
critical when anything communicates with anything else, and although this
is a term from computer science, it's worthwhile to examine it across the
board - from the entrance/exits of a particular email post ("how do I
respond to him or her") to Hall's ethological studies. Liminality, in-be-
tween states, enters into the picture as well - and one might talk about
onset, coherency achievement, perfection, interrupt, denouement, and with-
draw, for example. Whether the formalism would prove useful or not at this
level is moot (I think not actually); it's here that phenomenology, etho-
logy, Lacanian psychoanalytics, and cognitive science come into play. And
it's here I exit as well, riding the bones of Nikuko.

(A final issue, however - the extent to which an aesthetics is, in fact,
implied in perfection. One can consider c and c' as canceling each other
out, a formation of body and antibody bringing A and B into communicative
contact through T; what might be considered an apparent symmetry is
involved. But I also would like to extent this further - into the idea of
the handshake as an art or aesthetics in itself - the perfect inhaling of
breath before a shakuhachi note is played out, for example - as instru-
ment, sound, musical sequence, performer, and breath are adjusted. Think
of approaching a potential lover for the first time - and what vocal,
body, and chemical languages (pheromones) are involved. There are other
examples from molecular biology as well.

Now think of _the beautiful perfection_ of one's eyes, wide-opened, for as
a lover approaches, or as Nikuko, at last, begins to speak...)


*This is speculative and ill-formed; I give in both to my ignorance and
desire to see the concepts through.


