


Virus in My Brain (Simultaneous Transmission by Nikuko and Alan)


>Date: Tue, 1 Sep 1998 02:05:18 +0900 (JST)
>From: Reminder Service <sondheim@gol.com>
>To: nikuko@gol1.gol.com
>Subject: Tuesday's Calendar

>9/1 move out of loft

I received this missive just today, logging back into gol.com in Japan; 
it's the calendar program import from Panix, referring to September 1997,
never deleted.

It sadly reminds me to leave the loft.

I did leave the loft. I went to gol.com in Japan and then returned to the
loft.

Now I am sadly interred in the loft, and will not move out of the loft,
but will welcome these messages as open memories on the anniversary of
non-moving, before, in fact, when I left for Japan, for I had made
arrangements to return to the loft. So I never did leave the loft, but 
I left the loft. Sadly.

Sadly I am now here, reading the words of Tung-Shan Liang-Chieh, from 
The Transmission of the Lamp, in Chang Chung-Yuan, Original Teachings 
of Ch'an Buddhism:


	 It is strange indeed!
	 It is strange indeed!
	 Dharma taught by non-sentient things is unthinkable.
	 Listening through your ear you cannot understand;
 	 But you will be aware of it by listening with your eyes.

 After presenting the gatha, Liang-chieh took his leave of Master Yun-yen,
who said to him:
 "Where are you going?"
 "Although I am leaving you, I have no idea where my next stop will be,"
replied Liang-chieh.
 "Are you not going south of the Lake?" asked Yun-yen.
 "No!" said Liang-chieh.
 "Then are you returning to your native town?" asked Yun-yen.
 The answer from Liang-chieh was again no. Then Yun-yen continued, "Come
back here soon." 
 "When you become the head of a monastery, I will come back to you,"
replied Liang-chieh.
 "After you leave here, it will be very hard for us to see each other
again," said Master Yun-yen.
 "It will be very hard for us not to see each other again," answered
Liang-chieh. "After you have passed away, how can I answer someone if he
wants me to describe what you were like?"
 "You just say to him, 'This is!'" Yun-yen replied. Liang-chieh kept
silent for a while. Then Yun-yen said to him, "You must be very careful,
as you are carrying this great thing."


There is the great thing and the little thing, said Nikuko. The great
thing, 'This is not!,' but the little thing is viral, lodged in my brain,
turning departure always already into a sadness like the German horses who
killed themselves out of depression, or so I have heard.

When is a life not a life of departures? When is there salutation and the
new and raw beginnings of a wonderful life? When will I see the beautiful
handshaking lead towards loving fruition? When will I settle, no longer
existing, but living and dwelling in a place I call my own?

When will I leave the Net forever, when will I find my home page a place
of love and texts?

When will I achieve enlightenment, with this virus in my brain?


