



Slipping Through the Cracks


Orientation from Herodotus II, 36: "When they write or calculate, instead
of going, like the Greeks, from left to right, they move their hand from
right to left; and they insist, notwithstanding, that it is they who go to
the right and the Greeks who go to the left."

Quotes from Henry George Fischer, The Orientation of Hieroglyphs, Part I.
Reversals, Egyptian Studies II, The Metropolitan Museum of Art:

Of Nefertiti: "Even in the Karnak scenes where she alone worships the Aten
her name is invariably preceded by a reference to Akhenatan in her title
[fig.] 'great wife of the king, whom he loves.' And much more frequently,
her cartouche follows two of his, which are in turn confronted by the
names of Aten [...]. Thus the reversal in her cartouche may indicate that
her husband is the source of her contact with the god. There is, in this
relationship, something of the Miltonian concept: 'Hee for God only, shee
for God in him,' although they shared 'Thir Orisons, each Morning duly
paid.'"

"As shown by his gesture of invocation, the king himself pronounces the
offering formula in front of him, all of which is oriented as he is, ex-
cept for the name of the divine recipient."

"Quite possibly, in view of the adjacent juxtaposition displayed by the
adjacent caption, 'singing to the harp,' the missing object of the prepo-
sition was thought to be supplied by the opposed representation of danc-
ing, with the figures facing left."

"Among the repertory of hieroglyphs in common use, as represented in
Gardiner's Sign List, there are a few exceptions to the usual orientation
- exceptions, moreover, for which no explanation has been offered. The
most perplexing of these are the inverted staff, the sail that is blown
backwards, the reversed boat [...]." [hieroglyphs and references omitted]

What are signs, that they may be stayed upon the head, faced within the
mirror, transformed from outside-in, absolved from inside-out? What is the
materiality of the sign so lost and constituted in these forms, where <
and > are not oppositions but independent, assigned different and variant
encodings? One might reference calligraphy in general, the running style
of kanji, and see Jan Assmann's Ancient Egypt and the Materiality of the
Sign, in Materialities of Communication (eds. Hans Ulrich Gumbrecht and K.
Ludwig Pfeiffer).

[I come towards you. I approach you. I leave by the moon. I go from the
cave. The world goes with me. Your sight bedazzles me. How can I return
when your sight is imprinted on mine, eye to eye?]

What is the history of the sign and token, from Sumerian tabulations and
clay impresses - through the pressure of edged reeds, rock incisions,
brush and penstrokes? I've spoken repeatedly about these elements; one
might also consider a _wavering hieroglyphic_ in which each and every sign
might face one or another direction, in relation to portent, to the divin-
atio at work as the superstructure breaks loose from the world, recuper-
ates the word as construct of the gods.

"In two Old Kingdom tomb chapels, where the owner of a tomb addresses mem-
bers of his family in order to give them testamentary instructions, the
orientation of his statement is reversed, along with the words that intro-
duce the statement."

Perhaps you break through the lines; I _must_ face you, regardless of the
consequences, regarding your mien, in due regard for your truth in its
place, breaking down the symbolic, transforming it into a certain surplus.

I have no regard for the orientation. I'm always facing you in my dreams.
Making love face to face. Watching. Looking.

Being observed.

"Instead of turning an entire statement around, together with the words
introducing it, the scribes of the Old Kingdom sometimes applied the re-
versal solely to the introductory word [...] 'he says,' following the
speaker's titles and name, in order to point up the fact that the
following words were a direct quotation."

Perhaps I dream your breath, hear your voice coming from the left or
right or within me, an insistence toppling even the vacuity of avatars,
returning your flesh across the queendoms of distributed networks. You
speak so softly, I bend towards you, my ear against your belly. What is
heard in the smooth convexity of spheres, planets, earths.

"Old Kingdom lists of offerings (from Dynasty III onward) are very common-
ly turned so that the hieroglyphs address the person for whom they are in-
tended."

"Here the reversal may have been intended to stress the roundabout orien-
tation of a river that flows south instead of north, as the Nile does."

"Writings of _`kprt_ 'entering and coming forth.'"

Conceivably I do not know whether I am coming or going, towards or away
from you; my hand trembles, the brush goes every whichaway across the
parchment, the signs _spill._ Perhaps I enter you, come forth through a
portal whose destination remains unknown; I am faced left, right, or in-
verted, I lose my way, Virgil nowhere to be found.

"The first two dynasties provide evidence for all three of the basic situ-
ations requiring reversals - confrontation, symmetry, and concordance -
including several uses of hieroglyphic confrontations that are frequent in
later periods, notably the opposition of various elements of the royal
protocol and the opposition of the names of a divinity and of a king."

Facing you, I face myself; joining you, I join myself; becoming you, I no
longer separate such residues, things, stains and processes. Language
wrapping allowing all entering. Direction from the sphere.


