



Breakdown


{k:16} last sondheim > online; head online
sondheim  ttypc    sondheim.dialup. Wed Sep 16 00:09   still logged in
sondheim  ttyp6    ts3.nyc.access.n Tue Sep 15 21:37 - 22:30  (00:52)
sondheim  ttyr1    sondheim.dialup. Tue Sep 15 20:14 - 20:14  (00:00)

The above lists my connections from around 8:14 earlier this evening, 
until now this morning (around 12:53). Note I am listed as on from 12:09.

But this isn't the case. The connection suddenly gave out; the telnet
should have died at that point. When I reconnected (to my permanent IP
address), the telnet was still open.

In other words, I was on and off, and while I was off, the telnet process
remained active. It shouldn't have. There was more than enough time for
it to be killed. I was off for a full minute, trying to figure out what
had happened; this was around 12:45 am.

So when I came back on, I didn't have to log in at the telnet; it was
running. I logged in to the IP, my telnet application was open, and I was
back into my account.

The problem is, this way, telnet might have provided a gateway for someone
else into my account. See, you used to be able to flood an ISP, then when
people just cut the connection without logging out (which is what happened
with me), other people could jam into the open connections. The flooding
was necessary to slow everything up - people got irritated, just closed
down the computers without shutting down the processes. Dangerous to do. 

Here's a reverse instance - years ago I was bounced off in a somewhat
similar fashion; when I came back on - it was through dialup and I found
myself online without being asked for a login name or password - I was in
someone else's account. I did ytalk from that account. I could have caused
a lot of trouble. I could have read his mail. I was literally in someone
else's shell. I was that someone. To all extents and purposes.

I was not an avatar. I did not constitute the other; I was in fact con-
stituted by the other, speaking as other. I found myself in a chat under
someone else's name. It was immediate. The chat was "about" Ann Rand. I
found I had just said something about a screwdriver. After a few minutes I
logged off.

Now tonight I come in under my own name; however, after coming in as oth-
er, returning as myself, or my constituted self, without the customary
telent login and password, has an equal degree of the uncanny about it.
Who do I trust here, when I can no longer figure my own entrances and
exits? Who is writing this?

- Jennifer


