




Dispersions


[The following are notes towards a concept - research that I hope to pur-
sue in the future.]

If simulacra represent the imaginaries of the symbolic, emissions the spew
of the symbolic without source or destination, the nomadic a form of mean-
dering, and the network a meshing which may or may not possess arrows and
nodes - we might call a dispersion that which implies local sites that may
or may not be in flux, connected or disconnected, in relation to a corpor-
ate imaginary which may or may not be real. Dispersions of Sony Walkmen,
computer pets, cellular, PDAs, beepers - some of these online, some off-
line - some of these live online - some, like Eudora, downloading/upload-
ing in spurts - these are part of a new social which extends beyond the
urban landscape, ignores socio-political boundaries, and may or may not be
connected to a matrix or unary node. Dispersions recreate the body in the
home, home in the body - there are also CuSeeMe, ICQ, other chats, and the
like. Some like webchats are often surrounded by banner ads; some, like
any MOO or email list, are connected to unary and central nodes. Some,
like IRC or news-groups, have dispersed nodes and accessibilities.

Dispersions are not simulacra; they exist among hardwares, softwares, wet-
wares. They're not emissions; they're often traceable, and they're almost
always interactive. They're not nomadicisms; they wander only where the
home or body wanders. And they may or may not be networked. I tend to
think of them as part-objects or conglomerations - there are protocols and
handshakings involved - in other words, formal filters and effects. And
they are "glued" to the real/virtual subject - through earphones, fingers,
psychoanalytical and/or psychological processes.

The subject as a coagulation extends within and without dispersions -
there are few clear boundaries. With Walkmen, she might inhabit a sound-
world. With email lists, he might inhabit a virtual community. Inhabita-
tion is no longer by virtue of place, but by addressing - direct or indi-
rect, dynamic or static.

These extensions are complicated by hackings, issues of intellectual pro-
perties and sampling, as well as realignments of group and neighborhoods,
etc. Both politics and war are qualitatively different, the latter also
operating under the potential of viral, bacterial, plutonium, nerve gas
and information (war) dispersions, all useful for potential mass destruc-
tion. Politics "suffers" from information overload, from high-speed emis-
sions (see the article on the Y2K newsgroup in the current Sci. Am.), from
anomic responses. Culture becomes localized on one hand and absolutist on
the other (manifesto-culture). Desire and _frisson_ chatter across bord-
ers; transgression becomes normative, no longer laden with boundary main-
tenance. Kristeva's 'borderline personality' as the disorder of our time
also figures in here - as do the discussions about the very existence of
IAD (internet addiction disorder).

At the moment, I have no conclusions; I'm not proposing a model or strat-
egy. It's difficult to differentiate among splayed processes or operations
(emission, etc.) - these existing (and perhaps constituting) various reals
as well. Dispersion, as a formal or informal model, seems promising, and
hopefully not just another piece of jargon.


