


What I might have Said


"Language is such a marvelous and fruitful secret - because when someone
speaks merely for the sake of speaking, he utters the most splendid, most
original truths. But if he wants to speak about something definite, cap-
ricious language makes him say the most ridiculous and confused stuff.
This is also the cause of the hatred that so many serious people feel to-
ward language. They notice its mischief, but not the fact that the chat-
tering they scorn is the infinitely serious aspect of language. If one
could only make people understand that it is the same with language as
with mathematical formulae. These constitute a world of their own. They
play only with themselves, express nothing but their own marvelous nature,
and just for this reason they are so expressive - just for this reason the
strange play of relations between things is mirrored in them. Only through
their freedom are they elements of nature and only in their free movements
does the world soul manifest itself in them and make them a sensitive
measure and ground plan of things." (From Novalis, Philosophical Writings,
ed. Margaret Mahony Stoljar.)

So you're saying, backing it up with this quote, that all that Jennifer-
Julu-Nikuko chattering and running haywire around protocols and internets
and operating systems, is actually the measuring of the world, that the
approach should move from psychoanalytics to mensuration. I'm saying it's
a way of avoiding death, just like chattering, rumor, innuendo, gossip, is
a continual adjusting of the world. Not avoiding death exactly, but avoid-
ing the thinking-through of death, its looming presence - relegating it
into the background. Talk about grandparents, parents, children, grand-
children, situating oneself in the line of who did what with whom and
when, yes, exactly. Not the lineage, though, not the formal ordering of
generations and genealogies, but the small-talk, the idle talk - it's the
very speaking of things. It's the making-erasing-making of grounds over
and over again, say, did you see Sam over there? I can't believe he's with
that woman again. Not after what they did to each other. Talk about loss
of control.

They'd talk about loss of control for the next ten minutes. When's the
last time you heard from her? There was that phonecall in the middle of
the night. Who's middle? Who's night? The world begins to pucker like
chapped fingers or lip pouts. "Nothing is more Romantic than what we usu-
ally call world and destiny. We live in a colossal novel (writ _large_ and
_small_)." (ibid.) But "the strange play of relations among things" - now
we might tend to see the relations over the things, dominant relations.
Not an ordering or ranking of relations, but handshakings and communali-
ties in the world or worlding. Adjustings, jostlings. Precisely what might
be the gossip or the return to the daytime television show. It's got its
inroads into the evening hours as well, look at Beverly Hills 90210. None
are different as, it's not what I'd call a leveling, but a dispersion of
the local. It's on the level of the local (writ _large_ and _small_) that
we can get on with things. Literally with things, those of our creation. A
hurricane or a tornado isn't a thing. One might call it a force of nature.
It's all in the movement and we've got to apply movements to ourselves as
well. Not that there isn't geopolitics as well, enormous crimes, once we
decide what constitutes a crime. I've heard rumors of smashed bodies,
mutilated women, men, children. Even the order's got an ideology, informal
as it is. Should I have said men, women, children? Should children come
first as in, our children are our future? What a capitulation; we're our
future, through and through. When the eye closes, the I closes. But chat-
tering wards off the eye.

I've always seen the self as a coagulation or temporary stasis, meaning it
seems that way. Think of the world soul as something moving, feeling its
way through each of it. We have our own, the mensuration of the ground
plan. Just like the rumor-speaker, we're capable of being totally trans-
parent. "Humanity is the higher meaning of our planet, the nerve that con-
nects this part of it with the upper world, the eye it raises to heaven"
(ibid.) I'd say that humanity is the _only_ meaning, and meaning is the
fruit of the human, hungering. Look how chatter disseminates! We might
think no farther than the talk-children of talk-parents! Our tiny anec-
dotes sent naked into the world! Look at them! Why last night on my street
a policecar pulled another over. There was a young man with gang colors
taken out. There was an officer with a gun pointed straight at him. There
were other backup officers. I took four photographs, the officer, the gun,
the young man, the car, the street. I only once had a gun pulled on me and
in the heat of the moment I wasn't sure it was a gun. But I've been fired
at, just haven't seen their weapons. And knives pulled quite a few times.
It didn't mean anything, my death would have joined the crew. You know
what I mean. It's a beautiful fall out; I remember crisp air like this in
Providence, living on the hill with June. I thought, the light is silver,
I've never seen such light. It came as a _revelation._


