

                             Neurobionics

      An Interdisciplinary Approach to Substitute Impaired Functions
                      of the Human Nervous System

- the title of a 1993 book edited by H.-W. Bothe, M. Samii, and R. Eckmil-
ler, carving out a space among neural network theory, epistemology, and
neurosurgery. There's an implantable microstimulator module, only 2mm wide
by 14mm long, illustrated on p. 260. It can be injected by hypodermic. "Up
to 256 such modules can be individually controlled by a single transmit-
ter." (Gerald Loeb, Neural Prosthetic Interfaces Between Neural and Elec-
tronic Computing.) Let's think of injected skeins across the skin surface
or meshes between the brain and skull; let's think of creviced residences
across the surface of the brain; let's think of rings and wave formations
within the neighborhood of the genitals. Each module contains a "capacit-
or-electrode, hermetic glass seal to tantalum stem, weld to nickel mount-
ing shim, CMOS-IC chip to regulate power and decode digital commands, sil-
ver-epoxy junctions between gold IC wirebonds and copper windings, recei-
ver coil on ferrite core, silver-epoxy junction to inner surface of indium
electrode, hermetic glass seal to indium, electrochemically activated
electrode surface."

Assign Jennifer to 256-module function, waves rippling across testes, pen-
is shaft, clitoral and labial enfoldings, brain crevices, radiating from
nipples, through fingers, full- total presence of electrified signaled
body in dense fields of Jennifer-thinking-and-speaking, Jennifer-moving
and turning:
Through the region of fingers and thumbs             20  modules
Nipples, radiations                                  40  modules
Penis shaft, striations (four rows)                  40  modules
Testes, meshes                                       60  modules
Or labia, clitoris, striations and radiations       100  modules
Or (drawn from genitalia) surfaces of breasts        40  modules
Or (drawn from fingers, genitalia) anal radiations   40  modules
Brain, valley-huddlings, neighborhoods, murmurs      96  modules
Athletes desire to move modules from shaft and testes to arms and legs.
Theorists desire to move modules away from fingers and thumbs.
Slow waves, tsunami, across the chest, down neck and spinal column.
Chakra columns and spindles, churning, slow and speechless revolutions.

There are afferent transmissions from the patient to the prosthesis, and
efferent transmissions from the prosthesis to the patient. There is also a
biomechanical network, _fitting,_ determining patient control strategies.

Should the prosthesis ignore afferent, keeping in mind only the safety of
efferent? Would Jennifer like this, this center of control, perhaps lend-
ing itself also to a _retrofitting_ from prosthesis to patient: _This is
what Jennifer wants._ 

Would this be a perfect future? Would it?


