


|


"Furthermore, marks serve as marks for each other. That there are no marks
in the world means that things cannot be said to be without marks. That
things cannot be said to be without marks means that there are none which
are not marks. As there are none which are not marks, then all things are
marks. Marks are different from what are not marks. Marks and things com-
bined are different from marks." (The Kung-Sun Lung Tzu in Wing-Tsit Chan,
A Source Book in Chinese Philosophy.)

Furthermore, if one counts what are counted as things, ordering them so
that in order they are accountable, then there are marked things which are
counted and unmarked things which are not counted. Things marked are
marked by place, by physical addition, or by physical attraction. Things
marked may also be marked by description, leaving them within place, and
originary condition. Things marked may be marked by a route among them, as
on a journey along the Eastern Highway.

Every avatar is marked, but not every mark is avatar. Every avatar is an
unmarked thing. Every avatar is accountable. Every avatar need not be
accountable; thus, things and marks develop. What is countable is in
parallel with counting; what is accountable is countable, and what is
countable is accountable. What is counted is double-marked, in relation to
a system of counting and in relation to what is counted. A system of
counting has a leading edge and a trailing edge; what is counted is
ordered within this system. If the leading edge is identical with the
trailing edge, the system is absorptive or cyclical. 

Every avatar is marked by such a history of constitutions; this is the
trailing edge. Every avatar is marked as well by a history of potentials;
this is the leading edge.

In the future, one will be marked by an avatar. In the future, I will be
marked by an avatar; I will be counted. If I jack out, I will be counted
and I will not be counted. In the future, there will be many from the one,
and the one will be unaccountable and unaccounted-for.

If there are many, there need not be one.


