


Fall Internet World '98 (Oct. 9)


Well, there was a big Internet convention here in NYC this week; here are
some quick takes on all of it -

First - very little raw technology, hacking, scruff types present. I
filled out a form for a free magazine and one of the questions asked how
much my company made, and the lowest amount was $0-1 million.

Second - this could have been _any_ corporate show - there was nothing
stressing the Net; as one magazine said, the Net world is moving towards
an early maturity, backing up from the so-called frontiers. (Well, I'm
extrapolating here.) Nothing very exciting.

Third - big emphasis on corporate presentation gimmicks, from a Hummer
vehicle to Motorola's 1950s diner song-and-dance. I picked up a voice
markup language development disk from them, which seemed most interesting.

Fourth - bigger emphasis on relationship marketing - as I've written over
and over again, corporations are developing a new kind of online consumer
- a Web consumer - and these product-oriented communities emphasize this
in a particularly frightening fashion. Subjectivity on the Web is becom-
ing more and more capitalist; Sartre's Critique of Dialectical Reason and
its account of "seriality," relations under capital - or even Marx's
notion of mediation - are applicable here.

Fifth - Caldera gave away their linux installation cd-rom for free, yay! I
generally use RedHat but want to try it. (Speaking of free, I'm typing
this in HyperTerminal's new version, downloadable from the Net, excellent
for dialup or telnet connections. Recommended - as with CRT, you can down-
load and upload files directly; it also has color, etc.)

Sixth - I felt by and large I wouldn't have been missing anything by not
being there. Admittedly, it was the last day and the market has been de-
pressed - especially Net stocks - but I had a feeling that things were
professionalized, that Net media followed the same course, say, as early
television or AM radio. I found I knew more than I thought I did; and I
still find the off-web communities, email lists, newsgroups, etc. far more
interesting than gif animations. It's clear, by the way, that profession-
alization doesn't mean broad-based knowledge; someone I was talking to
yesterday, who taught Adobe This'n'That for the Web didn't know what tel-
net was...


