



The Symbolic


The opacity of cultures in the face of the other tends to turn the sym-
bolic into image-style; unable to read kanji, I approached Japan at first
through a visual layer that remained deeply uninterpretable. After learn-
ing minimal kanji, I could decipher some basic signs and destinations;
already a certain leverage began to appear, and I have remained at this
stage, that of the _lever,_ since I have left. 

The avatar, Nikuko, moved/moves freely among Americans and Japanese, and
how I loved to type her homeland destination, Nakasukawabata, is if the
length of the word gave me an insight into something I barely understood!
She allowed me to speak within the foreign, not _of_ it, but to examine
those spaces bordered by emptiness or indefinite interiors, verandas,
torii, that would otherwise have been nothing but tourist exoticism.

And it was through Nikuko that the symbolic becomes manifest _qua_ sym-
bolic, that system _which need not tend towards meaning_ for an other or a
subject, that system which floats until leveraged with defining _devices_
of the real that suddenly function within one culture, from the viewpoint
or perception of another. Meaning is generated interstitially; here I am
concerned with the _freedom_ that occurs with asymbolia, the detached
symbolic, a state of exile bordering on detachment and invisibility. To be
marked as _gaijin_ is to be marked as unmarked, unremarkable as remarkable
and accountable as unaccounted-for.

Nikuko has guided me through Nakasu, through Kawabata; she has revealed
the system of snack-bar girls and perhaps snack-bar boys and hermaphro-
dites, as well as the Inari shrines with their foxlike-images as uncanny
as Leonardo's St. John the Baptist. Nikuko has brought desire into play,
shattering the invisible, tearing at the cloth which holds the skein of
the symbolic in place, even without the devolution of alterity. It is a
shattering which is also a rendering, this text among others, as I finger
the magatama, curved stone, I am wearing this afternoon, in a computer lab
where everything seems surmountable, where Adobe Illustrator is transform-
ing type into design, speech into phenomena, on a projection screen of a
screen - while I type dream-screen lower ascii, each symbol assigned its
place, each place its symbol, until the packets are packaged, and ready to
go farther than the line of sight.

The Illustrator turned language into image, name into perfect ikon. Nikuko
has undercut everything that comes from mouth or hand, that enters eye or
ear. I do not recognize english, nor _the language_ which is all there is.
Asymbolia permits me the freedom to write these lines, not understanding
what they _say._ I do write _black_ on _red_ - as a result, there is an
indistinct trembling, something Nikuko understands. From inside-out,
there's nothing to thinking, thought in the thick of things. Over and over
again, doesn't everything disappear, back into its source? This just takes
longer.

