


Saying saying


Saying does not make it so. Saying exhales, the modulation of the breath.
To say is to expel. Saying is detumescent, insipid; it decathects,
unravels the structure of its armature. A stream surrounding the speaker
who fulfills herself through the feeding back into a self or emanation
from what used to be the ego. Structures lap the ground before words fall
into them. Buber (Moses, The Revelation and the Covenant) writes of the
name of God, "The original form of the cry may have been _Ya-huva,_ if we
regard the Arabic pronoun _huwa,_ he, as the original Semitic form of the
pronoun 'he' which, in Hebrew as well as in another Arabic form, has be-
come _hu._ 'The name _Ya-huva_ would then mean O-He! with which the mani-
festations of the god would be greeted in the cult when the god became
perceptible in some fashion. Such a _Ya-huva_ could afterwards produce
both _Yahu_ and _Yahveh_ (possibly originally _Yahvah_).'" (Inner quote
from Duhm, unpublished lecture given in Goettingen.) The current form is
rooted in the verb _to be._ It is written, not spoken; the cry, in other
words, has been repressed, the body curtailed and placed within the Book.

But saying is always already the cry, the modulation of the power and cen-
tering of the voice as it emerges. I surprise myself by the loudness of my
scream as I call up, six stories, to a friend within. The chest gauges
itself, explodes; the throat is pained, hoarse.

Saying does not make it so. Saying makes it, so. The _so_ of saying, so
what? A form of triviality, colloquialism, the tendency towards gossip,
which travels best and broadest by saying. I lean towards you, whispering.
Filled with excitement, I wish to know, to tell, _everything,_ my dear.

So now we're getting somewhere. There is a beginning of the book, begin-
ning of writing. There are traces. There are no beginnings to the saying.
To saying. To the saying of the saying. There are no endings. There are
sayings and no phrases; there is phrase, rolling, as if scrolling down,
unlogged. So to trace phrase is to become lost in the past few seconds.
Saying is never recorded; that's mysticism for you.

But we would chase the symptom, turn phrase into the phrase, which doesn't
clear a ground. As Leder points out, this may well background the body -
look the flowers over there, Jennifer, yes, they're beautiful. There is a
social and a cultural and a linguistic to the phrase; there is a mathema-
tics and acoustics as well. But phrase is symptomless, or what we might
call the saying of the world, which "is never recorded." Which is not the
speaking of the world or the speech or continuous description of the
world; unlike the 24-hour newsbroadcast, saying does not hold the world in
its skeins.

What does saying do, then. It is the so of just so, of so what. It is the
lightest of the imaginary. It is the periphery or the center of the skein,
what - ever so lightly - pastes skein to real, myth to topography, symbol
to referent. Saying is not the said of listen to what I said; it is the
gap between the said and the saying of it, and the saying of it in its
originary occurrence: We're going home. Listen to what I said. What did
you say. We're going home. The second is marked, first antecedent. But
when the first was said.

When the first was said it wasn't accompanied by the second, Listen to
what I said. You might say that the second was implied. You might say so.
But it wasn't said, wasn't formulated. The saying of the first wasn't
accompanied by you're listening to what I'm saying. Or aren't you. It
wasn't until the response occurred. But the Listen to what I said, you are
listening and hearing this. I am saying listen to what I said. (I am not
saying, for example, to listen to what I said.)

Saying is not an occasion. I associate saying with happiness, but there 
is the saying of suicide, I told you so. There is the saying of fear, so
what do you want. There is the saying of love, I love you so, and there is
the saying of orgasm, oh god, oh you, just so.

One might say that speaking might be being, that writing harbors such, but
that saying is of the (dis) order of exclamation, the lightness of exclam-
atory being, speech under a moon. A cart passes by and you see the kimono
sleeves beautifully fluttering in the slight wind, from its window. The
woman is hidden; you say she is lovely and inquire after her. You may then
speak her name, you may then forward her a poem.

There may be a saying that she may well be someone, joined to your heart
just so, with the most delicate of red silk threads.


