


Virtuality of the Knot Knot of the Virtual


"Fire can come-out-to-be out of Fire and Fire out of Fire (for their _sub-
stratum_ is something common to both), but earth, too, and marrow come-to-
be out of them; how do they come-to-be? What manner of coming-to-be is
ascribed to them by those who hold such a view as that of Empedocles? They
must maintain that the process is composition, just as a wall comes-to-be
from bricks and stones; moreover, this 'mixture' will consist of the
elements preserved intact but placed side by side with one another in
minute particles. This, supposedly, is what happens in the case of earth
and each of the other compounds." (Plato, Coming-to-be and Passing-away,
trans. Forster.)

Let you transform Fire to Air, earth to Earth and Constitution and Marrow
to Protocol; let you consider that Alan, not Plato, writes these lines and
transformation. Let you consider coming-to-be and passing-away as a bridge
or tube without beginning and without end, existing only in-relation, and
let you then eliminate the _terms_ and _nomenclatures_ of such relation.

Then the reader possesses the technique of the _chiasm,_ in which one turn
passes for another, and another passes for the one; in which the technique
of the _chiasm_ passes for the _chiasm_ of the technique. Or rather, one
would have Jennifer passing for Alan, Alan passing for Jennifer, or the
virtual passing for the real, real for the virtual. Wherever there is a
cross-roads, wherever a crossing-over, bridge-and-tunnel network - easily
coupled with a slide into other polarities, Fire/Air/Fire/Fire for exam-
ple, but in this instance, earth to proper-name Earth, Fire lost (for
there is no Ground, no Fire, no place to stand to hold the Planet in sync
or out of it). So the second technique, beyond _chiasm,_ is the establish-
ment of a _broken_ doubling within the second polarity; thus Jennifer can
never mimic in entirety the constitution of an Alan, who cannot speak per-
fectly in the voice of Jennifer, sub-vocalization or knot.

"Water can come-out-to-be out of Fire and Fire out of Water (for their
_substratum_ is something common to both), but flesh, too, and marrow
come-to-be out of them; how do they come-to-be? What manner of coming-to
-be is ascribed to them by those who hold such a view as that of Empedo-
cles? They must maintain that the process is composition, just as a wall
comes-to-be from bricks and stones; moreover, this 'mixture' will consist
of the elements preserved intact but placed side by side with one another
in minute particles. This, supposedly, is what happens in the case of
flesh and each of the other compounds." (Aristotle, Coming-to-be and
Passing-away, trans. Forster.)

Let us transform Water to Air, flesh to Flesh and Constitution and Marrow
to Protocol; let us consider that Jennifer, not Aristotle, writes these
lines and transformation. Let us consider coming-to-be and passing-away as
a bridge or tube without beginning and without end, existing only in-rela-
tion, and let us then eliminate the _terms_ and _nomenclatures_ of such
relation.

Then the reader possesses the technique of the _chiasm,_ in which one turn
passes for another, and another passes for the one; in which the technique
of the _chiasm_ passes for the _chiasm_ of the technique. Or rather, one
would have Alan passing for Jennifer, Jennifer passing for Alan, or the
virtual passing for the real, real for the virtual. Wherever there is a
cross-roads, wherever a crossing-over, bridge-and-tunnel network - easily
coupled with a slide into other polarities, Water/Air/Fire/Earth for exam-
ple, but in this instance, flesh to proper-name Flesh, Earth lost (for
there is no Ground, no Earth, no place to stand to hold the Planet in sync
or out of it). So the second technique, beyond _chiasm,_ is the establish-
ment of a _broken_ doubling within the second polarity; thus Alan can
never mimic in entirety the constitution of a Jennifer, who cannot speak
perfectly in the voice of Alan, sub-vocalization or knot.


