


Geography of Net Relationships


All my online relationships, none of which have been successful, have
occurred over a minimum distance of five hundred miles, and from this, 
outward to eleven thousand five hundred. And this not only my experience,
but that of others, this distance, as if nearby, within the five hundred
mile radius, were a no-safety zone. This might be graphed, nodes of
attraction and dispersion. 

Closer in, there is always the very real possibility of offline meeting
within... a matter of days, hours. Beyond, there's the barrier which pro-
mises fortification that might be breeched. When it is, everything falls
through, everything might fall apart, and the relationship becomes close
to impossible unless the one or both of the partners are mobile. So there
is class and finance, bandwidth and foreclosure, at work from the begin-
ning. My experience has been futile, close to fatal; the gaps become
wounds, and distance becomes unsuturing, unraveling not only the other or
the bonds, but also the self. Real life meetings become overly-intense -
everything and nothing seem to ride on them. Either you're together or
you're not, and negotiating. Email and telephone, both subject to heavy
misunderstanding, become critical. 

One can recite one's day in either medium, but the nuances are obviously
absent. Net sex gets its power from projection literally filling up the
gaps, and from illusions of control and display (what elsewhere I've
called the elements of a textual unconscious, interpenetrating language,
physiology, and desire). It's this same projection, however, that can
bring difficulties of recognition to the foreground: who, in fact, is the
person at the other end of the line or node? Not to project means a
denuded relationship with minimal communication, but to project means a
relationship with constantly-adjusted illusion.

My failures have been ones of misrecognitions all the way around, not ones
of surprise at physical or psychological bearings. There are two people
and there are mechanisms, protocols, what might be called vis-a-vis film
theory, the apparatus. And while I don't give up in this space, I give up
for the distance, give up to the distance, which can seem insurmountable,
especially where travel money or even phone bills can become an issue.

Then the failures collapse, and distance reasserts itself; then distance
transforms into self-hatred (and 'if you can't love yourself, no one can
love you'), elevates self-hatred to a geodesic, and I think:

"It's my own failings, maybe the danger of the texts I write, or my inten-
sity or neuroses, but the matter of projection from afar seems to hold
ground, dissolving or coagulating upon contact. Who, nearby, would want to
know of someone writing through a Jennifer or Nikuko? Writing submerged
texts of dissolution, marginality, extremity? In the meantime I dream of
thousands of miles of wastelands, desolations, uninhabited by organism,
the desert so hot that communication can't cross. The wires burn out;
violent solar flares take care of satellite transmissions, and even print
media char in the dunes. This world doesn't support meaning, which always
eludes, floods out, floods elsewhere. Life is lost before it began; I'll
die alone and whining, my fingers on a keyboard or telephone screaming
for someone to come closer - even at five hundred miles there might be a
chance that the _shout_ will be _heard._"

But I also think, what is this relationship between projection, introjec-
tion, and geography? Are all geographies ultimately psychoanalytical -
regions in which the physical translates into corrupted nuances of memory,
desire, and home? Is projection also a reconstruction, a memory of consti-
tution of the present, and is even the physical world seen through such
make-shift or heuristic strategies? Does one ever come face to face with
the other, even at the distance of touch? Is there ever an other who is
not, to an unknown extent, shimmered or sloughed into the self?

And is the self, for that or any matter, ever other than projection? (How
are these territories mapped? What sorts of projection geometries might be
of use here? And is distance, always a matter of matter, that which runs
along the length of the traversing of the physical body, to which we might
take heed of Hui Shih and the debaters: "The South has no limit and yet
has a limit. One goes to the state of Yueh today and arrives there yester-
day. [...] I know the center of the world: it is north of the state of Yen
and south of the state of Yueh. [...] A wheel never touches the ground.")


