


Jennifer and Me (Jennifer and I, says Jennifer)


Just so, says Aristotle, continuing the story of all the plants and ani-
mals in the world and all their parts, and wonderful features and habits.

"Serpents copulate twining round one another, and, as said above, have
neither testes nor penis, the latter because they have no legs, the former
because of their length, but they have ducts like fish; for on account of
their extreme length the seminal fluid would take too long in its passage
and be cooled if it were further delayed by testes. (This happens also if
the penis is large; such men are less fertile than when it is smaller be-
cause the semen, if cold, is not generative, and that which is carried too
far is cooled.) So much for the reason why some animals have testes and
others not. Serpents intertwine because of their inaptitutde to cast them-
selves alongside of one another. For they are too long to unite closely
with so small a part and have no organs of attachment, so they make use of
the suppleness of their bodies, intertwining. Wherefore also they seem to
be slower in copulation than fish, not only on account of the length of
the ducts but also of this elaborate arrangement in uniting." (Aristotle,
De Generatione Animalium, 718a, trans. Platt.)

Just _so_ it may be said, Alan and I (Jennifer and I, says Alan), both
being of _damaged life,_ (Adorno, say Jennifer), limbless and perhaps eye-
less as well, do intertwine to a slowness in copulation approaching that
of the life-span of the _dual, duet, or duo.) For Jennifer is all slopes
and softness (not so, says Jennifer), and Alan is all depression and
harshfulness (not exactly, says Alan), and yet like lock and key (finger
and glove, says Jennifer), we unify and unite as one, hugging our only
comforts to our breasts, murmuring in our ears, joined one and one against
the fullness of our bodies' interpenetrating skins. Just so (murmurs Jen-
nifer) do we partake of sweet ecstasy, and just so (whispers Alan), do we
close off sight and sound for the mutual breathings in and breathings out
sweet and honeyed airs and breezes. For a perfect clime, for a beautiful
swim, do join us on our vacation.


