



Decomp


"Recently the writer examined the body of a man who was known to be alive
less than nine weeks before. The body had been clothed and had been lying
on a river bank in weeds during the hot part of the summer. In this case,
no soft tissue of any kind remained, not even in the shoes. The ligaments
holding the spinal column together were entirely gone and each vertebra
could be picked up with no attachment to those adjoining. The bodies of
small babies will decompose even more rapidly and completely because their
skeletons are not nearly so well developed."

"The early signs of putrefaction are a greenish discoloration of the skin
of the abdomen followed by a darkening of all of the skin, a thickening of
the features, and a general bloating of the body. Occasionally, the dark-
ening of the skin and the bloating renders it difficult to identify the
race of the deceased. As in the case of rigor mortis there is great varia-
tion in the rapidity with which putrefaction develops." (From Le Moyne
Snyder, M.D., Homicide Investigation, 1944-50.)

do you squash lump? You squash lump squish lump you do basin with human
lump precocious, squeezable liquids flow from human die Julu kill Julu
Julu (buried) is here. I don't understand that. In his attempt to kick
Julu (buried), Alan falls head over heals in love! Alan yells to Julu
(buried) GRAAAAHR ROOOORRRR!!! Alan yells at Julu (buried) and immediately
regrets it; Alan is sorrowful. In his attempt to kick Julu (buried), Alan
falls head over heals in love! Alan might slap Julu (buried) but thinks
better of it, I'm sorry,
 Julu (buried)!

Alan cries to Julu (buried) that Alan needs comfort and consolation. Alan
makes Julu (buried) very nervous! fuck Julu Julu putrefaction Julu kicks
the ground violently! Julu is in a very violent mood! Julu slaps his/her
hands together. You want me to WHAT?  @putrefaction Julu is jumping up and
down! Julu's stomach starts to growl with hunger. Julu's skin @turns green
with bacterial spotting. Alan's face @turns with contusions. Alan's breast
@splays with contact wound. Alan's flesh @rots. @bury Alan. I'm sorry,
 Julu (buried)!

"Adipocere is a greasy soap-like substance which develops when a body has
been kept under moist conditions either in water or damp soil. It is do to
chemical changes involving the fat in the body and develops most rapidly
in warm weather. Under ideal conditions it may develop in a few weeks in
the summer time, but generally it takes much longer. The material has a
rancid smell, a greasy feeling, and floats in water." Julu (buried) cries
to Alan (buried) that Julu needs comfort and consolation. I'm sorry,
 Julu (buried)!

@recycle Alan Alan says, "Like she could of found out. She dont connect.
She could of had it all. She could of had me, she could of had anything
she set her mind to. Like if you dont make it here, you dont make it.
Everyones got their price.  Me, I come for free." Julu (buried) says,
"Shutup."  


