



GAAA GAAA GAAA


Perhaps the hiatus or another name to be assigned the gap common in Ch'an
/Zen writing, Heian aesthetics, Chuang Tzu - not that difference shouldn't
be recognized, but that this gap, demonstrated by the wheels which never
touch the ground (a geometric pleasure and leap), is a space elsewhere
than the rationalized grid of analytic geometry. Where does the Web in a
hyperlink? The address spaced one against another, contiguous, with
in-between browser windows turned grey or holding patterns or slow revel-
ations, but never a leap as such, the ah-ha syndrome or break from one to
another. Never that moment of the eye.

GAAA GAAA GAAA

Or perhaps so, representations say of waka or koan or the liminality of
renga: but these leaps which are beyond or elsewhere than comp.sci, even
with fractal or chaotic mappings. Never that moment where I announce my
death.

GAAA GAAA GAAA

What I'm getting at, I can never reach, those moments which are beyond the
Net or extraneous or forgotten, outside the compass and encompassing. Or
moments where rationality hangs just above the protocols, like fog cur-
tains over violent wilderness, peaks and crags. Never any moment of the
breath or orgasm or awakening. Never any moment of fully-awake. Moments of
peering and dissecting.

GAAA GAAA GAAA

It's there on the tip of my tongue, the difference between the relative
control and audience dispersion/accommodation present on the Net, and
certain leaps in which the space and immateriality of the world are
suddenly manifest in a bewildering manner!

GAAA GAAA GAAA

This tip, just beyond the tongue, is what lures me towards further text,
coupled with the certain knowledge that every line dissolves into perfect
sound. And then nothing. But I am still torn in two, one half remaining in
utter silence, that occasion of an aesthetic which takes time in the midst
of vertical or flat places, serrated or flooded plains, everything on the
edge of the cup.

GAAA GAAA GAAA

In the meantime, there is this, the internals of the sphere, a privacy
that is beyond encountering.

GAAA GAAA GAAA

One might consider the necessity of the Net, which does not exist here -
nor its absence, whether it exists or not. The needs of the non-existent
Net. Nor is it important if or if not the soul is or is not illusion. And
this is of course, holding the course, not Ch'an, not Zen; it is only
indicative of the quiet internals that form a legacy of survival. The
moment of holding the course, moment of coarseness.

GAAA GAAA GAAA

The browser window stutters or there may be a message below, or an error
message bringing the world to a halt; or a grey rectangle tending towards
black, featureless, just for a moment. There may be the declaration of an
image, or a coming-into-the-world once again, of a derailing-memory forced
into uneasy fulfillment. It may say, JUST LIKE THE WORLD, STILL LOADING.
It may say, JUST LIKE THE WORLD, CONGESTION ON-LINE. It may say, JUST LIKE
THE WORLD, TRY AGAIN LATER. It may say, JUST LIKE THE WORLD, GAAA GAAA
GAAA.

GAAA GAAA GAAA

I reread this, Nikuko says, and "there's no gap. It's bleak orientalism,
there's nothing present but haiku factories, turned out peripherals. It's
boy-toy stuff. You want an escape, you want that distance, that moment
where an interior remains closed as such, where ratiocination has no
place on earth. Literally. You're afraid of such. You still can't look
yourself in the mirror but you're willing to be naked any time someone
holds their breath! Your self-hatred fogs the mirror, breaks the jewel,
places the sword in one hole, and out the other!! The tip gleams between
your teeth. People are always injured in the flooded reality of things!!!"

GAAA GAAA GAAA

Oh challenge me, fair Jennifer, says Nikuko, as Jennifer approaches, her
garments rent, her hair streaming in the storm which has kicked up. Every-
thing dead flies by at furious pace. Jennifer-normal-Jennifer, riding
Julu, dark Julu, her gaping maw open to a terrifying degree. Lightning
illuminates the littered land; juniper and canyon pines bend bleak and
ancient branches black against the whimpered moon. Stars make dim streaks
as they fall down the tormented sky, smothered by thick cloud. There are
roars everywhere, resonances from tombs and caves, caverns and dells, more
resonances when mouths open, cackled song. WHOSE MOUTH IS OPEN TO A TERR-
IFYING DEGREE? WHOSE MAW GAPES AGAINST THE BRITTLE LIGHTNING?

GAAA GAAA GAAA

Power lines are downed, new lines redrawn on face and rim of violent rock,
sparks sputter in skeins of lugubrious energy struggling for a sign. Oh
challenge me, Nikuko screams; there aren't signs any more, the ground's
littered with strokes going nowhere, lightnings sintering flesh and bone,
the dead and the dune-dead. I twist and turn on the sword. I can't scream.

GAAA GAAA GAAA
GAAA GAAA GAAA

GAAA GAAA GAAA
GAAA GAAA GAAA

