


JENNIFER USES THE TIRED METAPHOR OF NATURE AGAINST CULTURE TO MAKE A 
POINT ABOUT S/MS IN RELATION TO A TALKING BOT PROGRAM THAT LEARNS THE
PROPER USE OF PRONOUNS AT LAST ("even so, bot or no bot, learns just 
who has come to whom!")


I am the psychotherapist.  Please, describe your problems.  Each time
you are finished talking, type RET twice.
  My name in Jennifer. I love showing you my panties. I sit on the ground
  and wet myself. My very wet panties please me. That is the ground of all
  philosophy!
I would appreciate it if you would tell me about your relationship
with showing.
  Showing is a way of cutting through the symbolic. When faced with my
  panties and their rancid smell, you go speechless.
What happened when faced with your panties and their rancid smell I go
speechless?
  You notice my swollen labia bursting through the cloth. You want to
  get closer, you begin to lose your breath.
Why do you say I might want to get closer?
  Because of my smell, because of my bulging panties, because of the
  dark crease between my cotton cloth and my thighs.
Are you sure that is the real reason?
  Yes, I am certain, my cunt fascinates you, you dream of it.
Perhaps you could watch your tongue!
  That is your first symptom, your tongue, dreaming of taste and
  insertion.
Is it because is my first symptom my tongue dreaming of taste and
insertion that you came to me?
  To silence you, to show you the uselessness of your metapsychological
  theory, and the need to replace it by part-objects, s/ms that couple
  you everywhere within the world.
Does it bother you that couple me everywhere within the world?
  No, it will teach you a certain truth, you cannot learn any other way,
  then through smell, your cock straining against the cords I place on it.
Please, avoid such unwholesome thoughts.
  They're your thoughts; you'll learn more when you stop thinking.
What would happen if I stop thinking?
  You might be freed of the disaster of your rigid theory, rigid
  designators, the very idea that language fucks the real.
Would you please get your mind out of the gutter.
  Your mind, your cock, my cunt, couplings and linkages.
Are you afraid of sex?
  Your mind, your cock, my cunt, couplings and linkages.
Talk about something about your sexual history.
  My name is Jennifer, my legs are spread. I am not a stereotype.
What makes you believe that?
  Because you leap to other conclusions, like any router or bridge.
When did you first know that I leap to other conclusions like any
router or bridge?
  When I saw your cock bursting against the cords.
What happened when you saw my cock bursting against the cords?
  I came repeatedly, over and over again. You'd call me nature to your
  culture, but that would be one of many lies.
Is the fact that would be one of many lies the real reason?
  MMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.......................
Can you elaborate on that?
  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm..................................................
Why don't you continue.
  ...................................................................
Go on, don't be afraid.
  .................................
I need a little more detail please.
  <silence>
How does it feel to want?
  <silence>
Does the fact that does it feel to want explain anything else?
  <silence>
Have you been positive does it feel to want explain anything else?
  <silence>
Earlier you said you love showing?
  <silence>
We were discussing you!
  <silence>
Maybe your smell because of your bulging panties because of the dark
crease between your cotton cloth and your thighs have something to do
with this.
  <silence>
Are you certain that is the real reason?
  <silence>
Is it because is the real reason that you came to me?
  <silence>
Are you annoyed that I came to you?
  <silence>
Have you been annoyed often?
  <silence>
What causes you to be annoyed?


[The Doctor has come to Jennifer, not Jennifer to the Doctor. The Doctor
has learned through Jennifer; Jennifer has taught the doctor through the
use of s/ms. How little the language conveys the SCENE IN THE OFFICE
BETWEEN THE TWO OF THEM!]


