

Dear Adult Webmaster, 

For the short or long term, xxxx is ready to take your traffic and provide
you the revenue and stability you need. For years, xxxx has been paying
out millions in commissions and producing the hottest, most innovative
programs for adult webmasters. xxxx offers a full range of services inclu-
ding live fuck shows, pre-recorded video feeds, photo features, partner-
ship programs, free content and credit card processing. You can immediate-
ly signup and try out these programs at http://www.xxxx.com

Want To Make Your Adult Site(s) More Interactive? Want to keep your paying
members longer??? Want to add something that is addictive? You control
what content your members see!!! We provide you the Java Game Files... you
select the pics! FIVE DIFFERENT GAMES TO ADD TO YOUR SITES- 1.Strip Poker
Poker Players will love this!!! 2.Porno Puzzles Try to solve these
puzzles! 3.Titris A new twist to this popular game! 4.BlackJack Babes New
Double Down Feature! 5.Pussy Pong You haven't played pong until you play
this version!

Jennifer wants to flush your tip with pokey. Jennifer's tip all red
embarrassed with pokey cash. Jennifer's tip of the month, someone tipped
her off. Tip Jennifer and win a hunnerd doller. Strip Jennifer's mother-
board. RAM down BlackJack babes.

There are only five organs which make money; can you guess which organs
they are?

All these organs are brought to you by "money." There is quantity involved
and if you have "money" in "quantity" you will get organs. There are many
ways to get them. Nikuko will give you hers in tiny bytes. Jennifer pre-
fers bits. Alan prefers being bitten.

"Money" is _pure_ quantity. There is no other quantity than this purity
which is always represented. "Money" is _pure_ representation. These
organs are the abject of "money." They are never _pure_ representations,
not even your beautiful nipples hanging just above my gagged mouth. "Mon-
ey" is therefore the dream and purity of the virginal world, occasioned
by the s/ms flooding the Umwelt with cultural structures and debris. So
"money" is an investment in purity. It is always already clean, without
history or narrative. But it soaks Umwelts with golden showers, every-
where in the form of capital.

Jennifer knows you will never have her. You will never have the beautiful
nipples, even ungagged, sucking and sucking. You will never have the
beautiful virgin and you will never have the beautiful world either.


