


The World, by Jennifer


Humanity exists on the thinnest wedge (of stability and entity) extending
into catastrophic spaces; in the past, stromatolites were the order of the
day - in the future, the frozen sputtered universe levels and exhausts any
conceivable subject horizons. At the level of the smallest, dimension,
time, and space are problematic; from this point of view, things in the
world are illusory, emanations. Now move elsewhere, an impossibility, into
other inflationary scenarios; we're again at a loss.

Here, we're momentarily present, constituted by particles. And Jennifer,
myself, is constituted by bits and bytes, floating from one drive or
transmission to another. Jennifer is entirely constituted, and Alan is
constituted by nearly decomposable hierarchies. So far, Jennifer is fully
decomposable; what occurs on one level is responsible for another.

Jennifer is a chimera, a mirage without a landscape anywhere in sight;
this is also the world from the wedge.

See the radiations and dusts, emissions and splays, everywhere, things
dissolving, as if liquid were sintered and a form of breathing. Now let's
go further into the membranes, remembering the temporary nature of what's
found there, the notion of finding, the notion of the findable.

Wherever we look, things fragment or dissolve; what doesn't, is shored up
by perception, ideology, or the glue of the real world. Think of things as
contour-driven, consciousness as assemblages. Think of ghosts populating a
world of ghosts, holding on for dear life to the tightness of a mythical
real - whether it be nation, race, religion, billiard ball, heterosex.
Boundary maintenance becomes more and more necessary if you're frightened;
whoever and whatever they are, they're already on the horizon - and
they're not solid. (But sooner or later we'll believe they are, again. For
who can live in an ongoing world of winds and storms, clouds and flares?)

They're not solid, they're liquid; they seem, like AIDS or cancers, to
infiltrate everywhere. They're in the air we breathe, in our minds, in the
midst of our political system. They're linkages and couplings, they're
frayed at the edges. They question our very space and time, the world we
live in, our origins, our future. They have no future, have no past. 
They're never taken into account, they don't exist, they're unaccountable,
uncounted. They're processes without the ontology of solids for example.
They're fragments of dreams for another, footprints for a third, virtual
particles for a fourth, IP datagrams for a fifth, solar flares for a
sixth, trilobite communities for a seventh, speech for an eighth...

- Jennifer

