


Questions at UCSD (San Diego)


At UCSD and elsewhere, there have been two questions - why don't I use
bots instead of avatars; why are there so many female characters, so few
mail. I explain that I'm concerned with the insertion of the body into
cyberspace and the experiential dimension of that insertion - that the
work isn't designed to determine bot properties, but to examine the
fullness of subjectivity in various sites or situations, including that of
interpenetrating properties. I explain I have a difficult time writing
myself into men, including myself as a man; that I've been influenced by
feminin ecriture writers such as Irigaray, Kristeva, Brossard, and Wittig
in the past; that alterity gives me a greater range; and that I'd rather
have been born a woman in any case, although I'm not attracted to trans-
sexuality. I talk about the deliberate doubling of myself in the midst of
Jennifer, Julu, Nikuko, and the discomfort this produces - and that I feel
more or less successful when the discomfort is such that I'd almost rather
not have done such and such a text. I explain about ghosts and hauntings
and I don't explain about the insomnias and depressions, although they're
part of the backdrop. I talk about responses to the work, and what sorts
of intersubjectivities the responses create. I talk about the gender dif-
ferentiations in the responses as well, and the future seamless virtual
reality that may or may not come. I describe potential psychoanalytics of
cyberspace, how my programming skills are poor, so I will work, for ex-
ample, with the emacs doctor program as a bot, instead of writing interac-
tive programs - although I then read texts produced by some of my own
programs anyway, showing how they can help shape communication, create new
ways of working with myself and the avatars, how all of this is one and
the same in a sense, how I become sleepless over these as well, perhaps
dreaming Jennifer or scrolling text, or finding myself in love with some-
one's works as if they blossomed into the suffusion of virtual presence,
as if they inhabited my dreams - just as I inhabit cyberspace, and here
Heidegger comes into play - working through the distinction between build-
ing and dwelling, between interacting and inhabiting. And just as this
past sentence has rolled on, almost past this one, in fact, so does the
talk continue, as I note myself tending across platforms towards epistemic
and ontic interoperabilities. I must say I was surprised and delighted at
the level of the UCSD grad students - for example, discussing the domains
and changing roles of RFCs - I didn't have to explain what they were, what
purpose they served (requests for comments - numbered/indexed position
papers concerning the technical - and some other - aspects of the Net).
Still, when I read some of the materials, Jennifer or Julu conversings
for example, I found myself reading structurally, emphasizing the changes
in communication occasioned by software interactions. So we talked about
whether the totalizing aspect of software-operating-on-a-text, and the
text itself, could be represented in a model and I suggested Schelling and
romanticism, the philosophy of identity in relation to individuation and
both suffusion and hysteria. I also took the occasion to discuss the s/ms
work, particularly the difference between linkage and couplings, and their
conceivable application to thinking through communication (quoting Wino-
grad and Maturana)- and the dispersion or splay of self/selves within the
social (until the use of shifters or other restraints) - as coagulations
or sourceless/receptorless transmissions...


