


Geographies of Exclusion


Since I've returned last night, I've been reading Geographies of Exclu-
sion, Society and Difference in the West, by David Sibley - although I
hadn't read it before, I was using Mike Davis' work on homeowners' asso-
ciations (among other things) in my talks on protected communities, email
list filtering, and the like. So it was of interest to find an ISP such as
gol.com increasing their own protection by eliminating any sort of play
(/usr/games) or potential hacking tools (traceroute, netstat) or program-
ming environments (access to perl or emacs etc.). And a while ago, I wrote
about gol.com in another text where I described the transformation of a
Net imaginary from a _porous membrane_ to a system of interconnected and
fortified _nodes._ I'm lucky to be on one of the few shell accounts that
seems to provide full access (of course I have the same from linux, which
also eliminates other problems - but my mailspool is still on panix since
I'm not running an ISP).

Now governance issues, which have been the concern of people like Richard
MacKinnon, are increasingly important - not only censorships, but also all
of the filterings which have been put into place. Even on cybermind and
fop-l, the review command has been disabled, since we had subscribers com-
ing on to grab address lists for spam and other purposes. And it's clear
that ISPs such as gol.com find shell accounts a nuisance now - they give
the appearance of anarchic deregulation (although they weren't really reg-
ulated in the first place). 

So as Agre pointed out, the Net's no longer utopian, but is, I think, be-
coming increasingly foreclosed. It reminds me of the early history of the
television, with all the emphasis on the good that might accrue from the
medium - soon after, in the US, the networks dominated for decades. Now we
have the Net with deep interaction, but the interaction is becoming more
and more regulated and defined by capital. Oddly enough, even with wire-
tapping a possibility, the phone is now the only point I feel at ease -
even my phone spam has been cut down over the past few weeks! (There
wasn't any on the answering machine when I returned.) 

I'd be curious to know everyone's experiences in these areas. I find my
anthologies (New Observations on Cultures of Cyberspace [forthcoming] and
the Being on Line book on Net Subjectivity) almost utopian themselves, at
this point. I'd love to do a third, on the armored Internet, as a correc-
tive - even though the others have more to do with a kind of freedom and
growth that's always possible on some sort of ideal horizon...

Alan

