


Shell Accounts, IPs, and Community


All the difficulties surrounding the gol.com shell accounts started me
thinking of the usefulness of shells in the first place. After all, there
are easy ways to duplicate services - for example, any linux implementa-
tion will have enormous built-in network programs.

For me, the main difference lies in the who or w etc. commands - on an ISP
shell, there are almost always numerous others logged in at the same time,
to the same or networked machines. This means that resources are shared,
that quota is allotted, that the account is culled from time to time. It
also means that there are means to chat locally with other users online at
the same time, and there may also be local newsgroups which share shell
account issues. Here, we have panix.upgrade, for example, as well as pan-
ix.unix, panix.chat, etc. Sysadmins, also, are fairly accessible; one can
easily find out who is on at any particular time.

Then there is almost always older and legacy software, abandoned corners
of the drives that contain interesting and usable programs - archie is a
good example. One explores a commonly-held space, and this commonality is
everywhere evident.

Think of dynamic or static IP allocation on the other hand, or even the
web page. This might as well be a local file on your own machine; it's a
place to experiment with html or represent yourself, but there's no sight
of anyone else, not even with a hit counter. On online chats, you're al-
ways aware of entering a domain not entirely your own - but a local talk
or ntalk or ytalk, settling comfortably on the same machine, gives an
entirely different feeling. (It's as if I breathe in machine, breathe
_this_ machine in relation to _this_ body. It's as if the health of the
machine is connected with my health, and the health of my own local compu-
ter. And the fact that I can configure my remote account - even keep files
and interface software such as Tiny Fugue or Phoenix on it - means that
this physically distant and virtual part of the Net becomes part of me, as
if I'm extended into it, into the machine.)

I think this machinic communality needs examination - it's overlooked in
most discussions of the evolution of Net community. I haven't seen the
panix machines themselves (I would love to), but I _sense their presence_
every time I log on. And ironically, their presence is even closer when
I'm in on straight dialup - rather than using a telnet application through
static IP and Windows, all those layers. With telnet, there are subtle and
untraceable falterings at times; through dialup, the machine and its other
users are breathing down your neck...


