


Forensic ii (form of stupid story)


Jacki comes into the bar and looks around. Alan's, that's me, sitting on a
stool to the left center from where Jacki is. Hi, how's it going, says
Jacki, and I move around on the stool, uncomfortable, bright California
light streaming in and wrapping itself over every shiny surface. What'll
you have then says the girl behind the bar, I shift again. I'm waiting, I
know they'll find me, and I'm tired of running. Ha ha ha ha ha. I talk to
Jacki's left the -O off the name now, I note, and yeah says Jacki. Three
men come in, I didn't know them. Wasn't that something.

The three grab me, they don't say a word, they don't have to. They're
dressed normal, pastels nice this time of year, my skin shows up fashion
fine. Alan's slammed hard on the bar, clothes ripped off. Jacki's way out
of there, it's not nice to watch.

The tall one's watching, the other two hold me down. They slam Alan naked
with the legs spread. You could see Jennifer, flat and pulsing, attached
to the perineum, like a fat foetus, like struggling meat pancake. One
moment's ripping did the trick, blood pouring down. I didn't have much
consciousness to lose at that point. They shove her at me, raw wound
healing fast between her legs. An eye opens. They shove her breast in my
mouth, open my face so wide it feels like I'm split in two, Jaw-Jaw the
tall one says, Haw Haw, and I'm close to passing out.

But I don't, not yet. Alan knows what's going on, he knew when the whole
thing started. The breast begins to grow, halfway down my throat, now I'm
gagging. The other blocks my nostrils, there's nothing but skin to see,
like Alan's on a skin meat sky. I can't hear so good any more either, the
head's pounding. The breasts, swollen, begin to dribble milk. There's
white against the skin, there's white filling my throat, I can't breathe.
Alan gags, milk halfway up the lungs, halfway down. I fall to the floor,
drowned, it was over fast says the tall guy. Jennifer rips her breast out
of me, says dead meat, let's get a move on. They get a move on and leave
the place. Forensic comes in a matter of minutes.

