


Hysterical Dream-States


"A state of _phantastic exaltation_ forms the typical introduction of the
dream-state, the content of which varies altogether in character according
to the individual This is followed by a condition of dream-like 'removal
from reality' (_Entruckung_). In this state, as Lowenfeld has well des-
cribed, the person's familiar surroundings appear changed, unreal, and
strange to him. He feels 'as if he were in a dream,'" Jennifer suddenly
smiled, "as if it were a chatroom. A structure always surrounds our
words," she sighed. "The word 'dream-state,' which is spontaneously used
by many patients, describes the phantastical trend of thought belonging to
the first stage and the alteration of consciousness belonging to the sec-
ond one. I recognize, however, yet a third stage, that of mental blank-
ness. This is described by patients thus: 'My thoughts stop,' 'an empti-
ness in my head,' and similar phrases." Jennifer paused in the midst of
her reading and writing. "Do go on, love," said Julu, and Alan seconded
the notion. Alan was second-hand, the others new and fresh to experience.
"What were you saying?" asked Jennifer. She continued, "Finally a state of
depression occurs, the most important characteristic of which is a feeling
of anxiety with its usual accompanying phenomena of giddiness, palpitation
of the heart, etc. Most patients also complain of phantasies of a depres-
sive type."

"Other neurotic girls state that in the middle of a conversation with a
man they will suddenly feel themselves 'removed from reality,' and their
own voice will appear strange to them as if someone else were speaking,"
said Jennifer. She referred, "not to herself, but to her compatriots, of
whom Julu and Alan were the most notable." To the analyst, her exclusion
of Nikuko implied a repressive function, since "Both dreams and neurotic
dream-states have as their function the avoidance of displeasure." But
Jennifer noted, as well, "They are especially fond of having phantasies as
they lie in bed in the morning." And further, of course, as Julu pointed
out, interrupting this discourse point by point, "Dream-states offer the
neurotic patient, just as other neurotic phenomena do, a substitute for a
sexual activity which is denied her. Her unconscious makes use of this
surrogate so long as she cannot obtain the gratification of certain de-
sires. But if the libido experiences sufficient gratification, then the
dream-states will diminish and even subside altogether. This has happened
in my case," said Jennifer, "quite definitely; to the extent that Alan is
a portrayal of a function herself, I am quite capable of circulating in
the form of text." Nikuko looked on while Jennifer curtsied, pulled up her
frock yet once again, and sat in a puddle. The three of them, no, the four
of them, had a good laugh at each other's expense. But what was the ex-
pense except for a subterranean libidinal economy?

They were underwater, and Julu recounted a dream: "I was lying on the
ground under water. I was dead, that is to say, I was lying motionless;
but I could still observe everything. I saw a big ship sailing on the
water. A man with a long pole was standing on it. He was moving the ship
forward with the pole as they do on our rivers. He now plunged the pole
into the water in my direction and made a hole in me with it in the region
of my mouth. The next thrust struck me in the breast, and the third one
bored a hole in my abdomen." "Wait a minute, wait a minute," Nikuko cried,
"that is _so_ similar! I was floating down a river, and it was festival
time, and arrows were shot across the water into a target, whoever could
hit the target the most arrows in a row would be the champion, and I
raised my head just a little, and watched the target become more and more
pitted, until it fell apart, and I gave birth to little fish which swam
into the mouth of the man, and a large and luminous moth - "

"Oh Nikuko, shut up, you do go on so," said Julu, and Nikuko agreed, but
said it was a very fine dream, and carried Jennifer's just a little bit
farther. "And now," she added, "we understand why Jennifer's so obsessed
with puddles and the like." "We really do," said Jennifer.

[Some quotes and parts of quotes from some articles by Karl Abraham's
Selected Papers on Psychoanalysis.]


