

Image Run


The upper millimeter of the ocean as well as the upper millimeter of Sono-
ran desert soil carries unicellular life and organic processes necessary
for the survive of the biome. But oil slicks are highly disruptive of the
former, and human footprints destroy the latter. One should always stay on
the trails, which are clearly marked. Nevertheless, jet skies and off-road
vehicles create their own traces of exhaust and tire ruts - not to mention
noise, scribbling their way across wilderness remnants. From above, atmos-
pheric poisons, ranging from ozone depletion to industrial gases, trans-
form saguaro and pond growth; life begins its long cycling into still-born
and somnolent realms. Trucks carry the last gasps of fossil life, suddenly
immolated and noisy; planes carry fossil fuels across continents, memories
of DNA slathered into billowing clouds. Molecular chains, bacterial and
viral beginnings, diffuse the world with strategies of rupture; below,
those on foot and machine repeatedly blister, as cancers and hibernated
diseases make their way into bodies already half-destroyed by toxins. Now
age is pushed back, longer lives accompanied by tumors and running sores.
The lives run wild in the ocean and desert, run waste in the forest and
lake. Scribblings spew on; what isn't carried through the wires or elec-
tromagnetic spectrum, makes itself felt in the hard or soft substrates of
the world. The scribblings speak of desperate help, of worlds in need, of
unending pain. Winds carry the foams and slicks elsewhere, coating every-
thing; desiccation dries and dusts the remnants of bike trails covering
desert and prairie alike. Blinded animals hunger for each other. One can
still hear incandescent engines in the distance, pistons slamming into the
vestiges of oils and gasolines, signatures of earlier dawns. Odors and
engines drown out mating habits millions of years old; species continue
their road to extinction as new houses crumble with the weight of redwoods
and cement. Nothing is alive any more; everything goes on and on. The
world slams into the world. The world babbles dry spittle; your animals
are dead. A pond's polluted ripple takes care of the rest; there's nothing
left of your eyes either.


