


In Mordor and Below


Admittedly, there were times when the legions of Mordor were defeated by
the onslaught of Valkyries from the Netherworld. But there were no short-
ages of fey Princesses to turn towards the Magister, producing one or ano-
ther Norn of Combat; such were the power of the Princesses. Norn had no
fathers and no mothers; born of magic, they were, like viruses or rotifer-
a, excellent at their work, devoid of memory, ration and language. Their
food was the simplest of hunting and gathering; they had no behavior. The
Magister, on the other hand, was unique; there was always one, and only
one, Magister, and without the Magister, Upperworld would quickly disap-
pear. Magister was fiery and enormous. Magister was Magister. Magister
knew everything, past, present, and future; Magister allowed for free will
through Magister's mysterious paths. Magister's mother and father were
lost, even to Magister, a fact Magister pondered continually; there was no
end to the pondering that drew up against the blank wall of cosmic infla-
tionary scenarios.

The Netherworld had a gate or Portal to Upperworld, on the order of a
volcanic crater, creviced, full of fearsome smoke and boulders. Fractal
stone formations, amphiboles, separated the two Worlds, which were
repeatedly in danger of being torn asunder; once that occurred, gravity
would diminish and untold damage would be done in both. The Valkyries,
like the legions of Mordor, had no individual names, but were, for all
intents and purposes, mass phenomena, mass men without mothers, men from
men. Geographically astute, they had no other necessary knowledge. Food
was supplied by crude hunting which increasingly devastated what remained
of the pristine wilderness - already contaminated by the smoke from
numerous wildfires. It was useless to promise anything to Valkyrie or
legionnaire (such as they were), since the concept of a contract already
required logical reasoning and the presence of a well-developed language.

The princesses were born from mothers and fathers; they had various
powers. Beyond geography, they were aware of the general economics of both
Worlds, preferring of course the Upper, where they were well-known and
well ensconced. The princesses often spoke of the enormous mechanism of
these Worlds, how things were somehow set into motion, and remained in
motion, even when other things came along. They knew their lineage well,
apparently remaining virgins, since no one was their equal. Beyond all of
these - legions, Norn, Magister, princesses, and Valkyries - there were
rumors of additional species, and even additions to the current ones. For
example, there were rumors of men accessible to virgins, a Mistress for
the Magister, additional legions including infantry, camp followers, and
horse-arches. But these were never seen, the rumors never substantiated.
On the other hand, the rumors alone might have been part of the mechanism
of the World, although there was no one around to say for sure. For the
most part, Mordor continued its uneasy sway; for the most part, the Portal
remained open; and for the most part, the Norn of Combat did their jobs
admirably. A Norn of Combat was the equivalent of a Valkyrie.


