


Little Big Man's Sister, Carol Androsky


Carol is teaching Little Big Man how to shoot a gun. It's all in the eyes,
and you don't have to look at much, but have that have-open half-closed
look. It's a form of Zen gun, and Little Big Man really thanks Carol and
does a good job shooting three things out of the air, after he shoots
three bottles. He meets Wild Bill Hickock and they talk in a bar and he
has a hard time putting his feet up on a table. Then a man is shot by Wild
Bill. Later Carol rides out of the picture and I don't see her again, and
I am waiting and waiting to see her again. But the picture gets very
intense and very sad, it is a very good picture, and an old very wise man
dies at the end but doesn't really and gets up, and Little Big Man and the
Grandfather walk down the hill. Carol must be somewhere in this great
land, and I wonder, where did she learn to shoot so very well? Her face is
filled with stars and intensity such as I have never seen. Little Big Man
should be appreciating Carol more, but he died at least fifty years ago,
and Carol is living in Los Angeles. I wonder why she agreed to do the
picture, maybe to preserve the way she walked and talked and shot that gun
so beautifully. If you do a record, and I did a few, you can always play
it later and say, listen, you are hearing me being busy for a half hour of
my life and it's very different now, even the smells are different. Later,
I will be dead and everyone around me too, and then you can hear the re-
cord and say, so that is what it must be like. That is what it must be
like for Carol, and why she made the film. I love seeing the film because
it is a nice message for me, maybe I will see it again. I will dream of
Carol in grade school and high school, all those years I knew her, and I
will dream of Carol at Beyond Baroque, but now I will also dream of in-
tense and terrific shooting Carol in Little Big Man, too. I did not know
she could shoot a gun so well, I am proud I knew this woman who taught
Little Big Man what he know about firing a gun.


