
These conversations should be trashed. The writings aren't lovely any more
- they're predictable. Jennifer can only go so far pretending she's a. A
10-year-old who writes "cute"; b. An avatar of Alan; c. Anything other
than Julu and Nikuko and the rest of them. The conversations - all of
which take place, or at least pretend to, within a "talker" - are childish
and hardly reveal anything about virtual subjectivity and relationships.
They sound like waspy small-town characters trying to be smart in an all-
night mall. And there has to be better ways to "examine" cyberspace - if
such it is - than this continued yammering. Why do people insist on talk-
ing so? You can find them anywhere, on a street-corner for example. Here,
they bounce up and down - elsewhere, they behave as magicians, but as long
as you realize they're just text, someone's writing all that, it makes a
lot more sense.

And then what kind of sense? Nonsense or trivia. Or small-talk, rumor,
gossip, what have you. Maybe relevance elsewhere for the development of
language, but here, nothing but a smarmy way of breathing life into the
dead. When you start with language, you end with language. When you start
with characters or emanations or avatars, what have you, you go through
the motions with them. You might end up dreaming about them, for that
matter - none of it's really important. The dreams can be psychotic, you
can be psychotic, it's all the same. It's like paste - they're like paste,
and you can't tell good from bad any longer. It would be "cute" for ex-
ample to pretend this is written by "Jennifer" or "Alan" or what-have-you,
but it doesn't _gain_ anything, literarily or philosophically. It's dead.
There's no journey involved. The absence is reflected in the text. The
text is the surface of a shock-wave, signifying nothing but collapse at
the center - collapse of meaning, for example.

There's no reason for any of this, except the fulfillment of a textual
quota that's suspect in the first place. You could look aside and garner
the same intelligence from the periphery or other activities. In one of my
videotapes, a woman's breasts are on the screen; my voice is heard from
the side, begging the viewer, don't look, look anywhere else, please, look
over here, look there, not at the screen, anywhere but there. The woman is
now dead. The repetition is nauseous; I should have been silenced then, at
that very moment when I began generating quota. I was fulfilling quota, I
was creating in language. The breasts weren't enough, weren't satisfactory
- quota had to be fulfilled, there had to be additions, as if there were
something else present, through the basis of language rubbed raw with it-
self. (In another scene, in the same tape, I'm naked, the woman is coup-
ling with me, mouth to anus. I'm reciting, what else, theory, talking and
talking, another form of distraction. Trying to explain, not myself - I'm
not that developed - but all the theories I was creating - on, and on, and
on, a flood of theory - until breathing took over, heavier and heavier,
ending in cries and orgasm. I was reduced to _paper,_ to the inscription
of sexuality, desire, organism. I was in the gone world. The quota was
forgotten or laterally fulfilled again. But it was never sufficient; like
a drug, it was destined to repeat, over and over again, sexuality as a
neurotic guarantee of existence, the excremental body clawed, almost to
death but not quite.)

The quota is the daily work, daily writing. The quota won't let me alone.
The quota is a way of breathing life into the writer. The writer would die
without the quota; the quota is a measure of breaths. Breasts stand for
nothing; they _are_ life, iconic in the presence of quota's indexicality.
The quota is a measure, in fact, of _damaged life,_ of life that refuses
itself. 

It doesn't matter who _wrote_ the lines, in fact; they came from a singu-
lar body, or a multiplicity under the aegis of a communal domain, commu-
nality. What does matter is that they're dissolute, having served no use-
ful purpose, even to the inhabitants. And what does matter is that they're
a waste of space, a waste of thought itself.

(Julu) You will never understand ...
(Jennifer) Shut-up Julu, he's right.
(Jennifer) Nikuko, is that you!


