


So tell you


Tell you what you look like. So what do you look like. How does the skin
stretch across your bones. It slopes, thickens around the waist, thins
around the skull. How do the bones curl. A slight stoop towards the
ground, embarrassed or withdrawn expression on my face. How do the lips
hang flesh from the ridges of the skull, cheeks raised or lowered hung
from arches. Full lips, non-descript cheeks. Where do your shoulders slope
to the ground, muscles holding up arms. Fear of little weakling boy, weak
muscles, strong fingers and legs. Where do they join the neck. Thin neck.
Where does the musk smell of your breasts. Around the nipples, sweat, very
little to erect. What beneath them hidden in shadow. Slight paunch. What
planes of abdomen and belly. Sloped down to the groin. What stomach shunts
down. Too full, odd habits of eating. Tell you the secret of your cock,
loose balls, labia, cunt. Long cock, circumcised, thin. What the scents
are. Strong at times, sweat, urine, arousal. From what distance. Through
the clothes. Thighs and thick cordons of legs. Thighs sloping towards the
groin. Spindle-legs, knees swollen with weight, flown up with anorexia.
Bird legs. Tell you your eyes shuddered to a halt. Glasses, teary in the
morning. To the weakness of the lens, our hearing gone. Poor vision, good
hearing, ears often blocked. Tell you the body pitching forward, the
planet rolling towards what hair. Full hair, body often hunched, too much
looking at the ground. What long hair, what cut, short or hung. Various,
hair medium short now. Tell you what it feels like to lie with you. Pain-
ful. What protrusions. Erect cock. The cut of bone. Arms surround you.
Those moments where the skin stops. Bending towards you. Where the skin
joins hidden lakes inside. Mouths, open penis, asshole. The slope and
length of your clitoris. Lost, memory. Your toes, navel, their moisture.
Thin, flooded. The shape of your nails on my back. Long, parallel,
streaked. What you look like from your back, coming toward you. Ass too
full. How your neck turns your head in my direction. Slow and desperate.
The scents of your ass, creases and folds around your hole. Deeper musk,
cracks, too many folds, too open. Thrust and energy of your spine. Very
slightly stooped. Shoulder-blades cutting air. Neck-pain, shoulder-pain.
Heat arising like a sheathe. Protect you. The cut of your mouth. Too full,
too wide. Your teeth sinking into you. Too crooked, too many. So what do
you look like. How you sound. How your breathing sounds. So is that you.
What is it you want to know.


