




2 Works by Tennessee Rice Dixon (and others): Scrutiny in the Great Round, 
and Count: Article by Jennifer (1) and Alan (2)


[ It's as if I'm looking at a breathing body, Scrutiny in the Great Round,
and Count, by Tennessee Rice Dixon, two of the most impressive CD-ROM
works I have seen. There are no _objects_ in them, no screen areas set-
aside for control. There are partial-objects, flows, transparencies. One
moves as the cursor shape-changes, but the movement is not linear - i.e.
left does not "mean" _back,_ and right _front._ The world is murky, irre-
solute. In Scrutiny, there are 'sun' and 'moon,' and in Count (which is
still undergoing development), there are 'male' and 'female.' But these
are ongoing processes, always in flux. Scrutiny in the Great Round is by
Calliope Media, with Dixon, Jim Gasperini, and Charlie Morrow (sounds and
music.) ]

When meaning falls apart, does meaning come together?
When meaning comes together, does meaning fall apart?

Jennifer says she really likes the work because it is very wet, that you
can see beneath the surface but you can also see the surface, it is very
wonderful that way. And there are many things beneath the surface, but
they are not things, they are glistenings. You might ask about the glis-
tenings, but they are male and female sometimes and sometimes moon and
sun, and I love running with the moon, not with the sun. It is the dark-
ness that is so wonderful; all these murmurs appear from the darkness,
unlike any other CD-ROM I have seen, and the configuration is placed way
out of the way. With Count, I did have to Apple-Q(uit) out of the work,
which is a good way of leaving the world, of course, you can't leave a
world from within it, which is why I like being there, it surrounds me.

Does living the world mean leaving the world?
Does leaving the world meaning living the world?

These worlds are chthonic and inchoate, of and through the earth. Part-
objects, emergences from the _chora,_ appear, only to disappear, invert,
reverse, hold themselves breathless. The speeds of the works are the
speeds of breathing.

Does breathing mean breathing the world into being breathing?
Does the world breathe? Does the world breathe for a little while?

It's as if you're clicking on sections of things that may never have been
whole, part-objects without objects, emergences or gestures that have 
never been completed - accompanied by nostalgias, yearnings. Because you
want completeness and lose yourself in the space, which is the container
for all the incompletes, making them, _as-if_ they were whole (again).

Are there any objects, are there any wholes?
Are objects just a telling, then a naming of the telling-wholes?

Tennessee is here and I ask her about memory. Do both works deal with
memory? Yes, she can say that they do. Memory and remembering. Memories of
what, Jennifer asks. Memories as fabric or landscapes of memories she
says. Memory field or landscape where you find what memories are present,
or what memories come to be there. Inviting memories, how the memory takes
form. Inviting parts of memories. I ask if there are any complete memories
in the first place. Tennessee says they are always forming. Tennessee can
visualize a memory. Memory changes over time. Her memory switches. So I
say, Jennifer says, there is a field of memories. (Jennifer remembers
fields or architectures of memories, that so clearly, memory is not [it]
the thing itself, not part and parcel, but a reconstruction. From what?
From cues, from broken logics that an organism takes into the truth. And
such architectures! Memory-palaces, alcoves, chests of drawers. Mnemonics,
as if the world were in reach, as if the past were always already present.
But the world slides out - or rather, we slide, always against the grain.
It's as if one can imagine the heat-death of the cosmos, embers billions
of years hence - no time, no object, no sight, or site, or citation,
memory gone from memory, hipster gone-world, nothing to record [it].)

Does memory mean the world?
Does meaning remember the world?

Are you working within a space or architecture of memories? What is the 
place of the memory? Tennessee says it's similar to a dream in that it 
has a place; bits and pieces come forward the more one talks. Jennifer 
says it's not exactly a shallow space, but a space of unfoldings, sub- 
terranean poolings. Tennessee says it's as if it were on a big flat 
fabric, as if there were a surface to that fabric - there are layers and
layers - there is a surface element - what you can see is what comes to
the surface - it appears two-dimensional - Tennessee can imagine it has
many dimensions. Tennessee sees depth because her mind tells her it's 
there, but the surface of it is flat, and the mind goes way past flat. 

Is the world a pool gathered on the surface of a slight incline?
Do you swim down the incline, do you crawl back, gasping for air?

Folds and fabrics intersecting a flat surface... In that sense, Jennifer
says, you only see a portion of it at once, but it also shares a lot of
characteristics with, say, the Rococo. There aren't vistas, but turned
away into corners or traveling across corners or paths. (Think of the Asam
Brothers.) I think of the Rococo as encrusted, interrupted. Tennessee
thinks of finding, uncovering, digging up. The incrustation is almost par-
adoxical I say, because you look at the surface and are stopped by it, but
at the same time, it hides and produces an indefinite feeling of depth.

Are there petals for the flowers, spikes for the stems?
Are there petals for the stems, stems for the spiked petalled flowers?

Jennifer wants to ask Tennessee about dichotomies, male and female, sun
and moon, in and out. She says they could be passed off as storybook-
like, but then, there are spirals, plants, leaves, limbs, spheres, statues
that are morphing - in fact says Jennifer, the whole thing is morphing -
but Tennessee says is striking a nerve, even though a little corny. As if
they're archetypes, or a mood, the music or whole visuals, the timing
creates. Tennessee feels there is something emotional and wet that allows
one to have a fantasy - that allows one to have a place in one's sexual
being, in a non-judgmental way.

Are there fantasies when gleaming are objects dreaming?
Are objects waking in fantasies, always becoming-objects?

Jennifer says she prefers the moon route to the sun route in Scrutiny.  
That she was almost repulsed by the sun route. Tennessee says most people
did the sun route, that it was clear and obvious. But I preferred the moon
route, said Jennifer, which was dark and then crescent and then dark
again. In Count, you move more with the sound input levels, and an image
of an egg, which is more diffuse, almost invisible at times. And in Count,
even the cursor's movements change gridlines, move faces ever so slowly
across the screen, change whole countries, as if they remained the same
only slightly different thereafter. 

Is one always out of focus, always moving slightly differently?
Is there one moving, are there may moving ones and manies?

Jennifer asks Tennessee about mysticism. Do you, Tennessee, see a spirit-
ual element to your work? Tennessee says what do you think. I think yes,
but I'm always suspicious of the same, what kind of space it's taking me
to. Tennessee says that Scrutiny is full of archetypes, but Jennifer says
they're so piled up and torn apart that they're capable of widely varying
readings. Rough sky in the background with the Planter and the Potter and
the seeds which looked like stars with sky in them and the Pot looking
like a mirror, which I related to the mirror in Shinto. Tennessee says
that many of the images are like cutouts, but for Jennifer, the cutouts
are always as if they're on the move or disassociating from each other.
Nothing _coheres_ except the space and time in their entirety - things
move and split off, ruptured, tearing, in silence against brilliant music.
The surface crinkles, morphs, comes back to the place where it had been -
once the moon was clicked, the sun was clicked. You never go anywhere
except inside, Jennifer said. Tennessee says the animations don't change
anything, which she finds annoying (depending on whom she's looking at it
with), but I find the lack of change intensive, going deeper.

Is lack of change that very slight change that returns to lack?
Is the fullness of being that knowledge of very slight change?

It's always the pace of the world, a world, Jennifer says, in which I find
myself dispersed among glittering in the dark, and spirals, leaves, text
curled down the page, mothers-fathers everywhere, turns towards births and
deaths, the round of existence, sphere of everything that is.

Are you Jennifer, Tennessee?
Are you Tennessee, Jennifer?

Jennifer gives this to Tennessee to read.


