


(don't take my name in) Vanna White (by Vanna White!)


Here I am watching Wheel of Fortune and there is Vanna White apparently
turning the letters over when the contestant guesses correctly. But in
fact, the letters are on television monitors, and Vanna just walks by the
screen, lightly touching it. I think she gestures towards it, nothing
more. You can't really see. The cameras keep the eyes and I's at a dis-
tance. Of course an engineer does the work behind the stage. It's like
Milli Vanilli years ago. I begin to wonder about virtual jobs. Years ago I
was on a kibbutz in Israel with a group of other students. We spent a busy
few days clearing rocks from a field, then another busy few days putting
them back. 

Vanna walks back and forth among screens that would have been miracles
years ago. I think there _was_ a time when she'd actually turn the letters
over ("around"), can anyone remember? Now there's nothing, pure emptiness.
If we could only replace Pat Sajak himself, we'd have a perfect show, ex-
cept for the contestants.

It seems to me we should have virtual postwomen and postmen to deliver our
email. Sysadmins are as close to virtual as they can be; we write to post-
master@ in general to protest abuse. Soon, we'll have virtual readers as
well; any mail filter is already on the way. To filter spam, something has
to read and decide that yes, *Make Money Now!* is not from Cybermind, or
is it? Meanwhile, Vanna does her job admirably; there's a quick cutaway to
the Channel 7 NewsTeam, "News" "Team," who virtually re-port on virtual
news. They're waiting for Vanna to finish walking back and forth so they
can virtually speak their virtual thing. Vanna actually _does_ walk, al-
most until the credits.

I'm getting _really_ sick. Exercise: Name all the virtual jobs you can
think of. Why are they virtual? Is your job virtual? Are you? Don't "you"
just love these questions? Who are "you" anyway? (Please, _no_ comments
on "society of the spectacle," "simulacrum," "hyperreality," and so forth. 
We just want the virtually "Absolute Truth.")

- Vanna White

