


SPAM/AOL


Recently I joined AOL to have a portal to telnet into panix when I'm on
the road. There was no mail in my AOL account (except for writing to a
friend); last night I went into two chats (one on authors and one for
artists). Today the Inbox was full of spam, all internal to AOL. What
amazes me about the following is its personal aspect - more insidious 
than usual. I had about 40 of these messages on a relatively 'off' night. 
There was nothing else.


(1)
Hi, what's your name? I tried to instant message you but you had them
turned off :(. Well, when you turn them on, im me. I would love to chat,
and maybe even get together sometime! My name is Lisa and I just moved to
your state from France, where I was a Playboy model. Now I need someone to
show me around. If you would like to see what I look like then visit my
page, just click on the link. I got plenty of pics! Dont forget to instant
message me!          - Lisa

(2)
Hi.  I finally scanned that pic I promised you.  Sorry it took so long.
Well
I put it up on my webpage so come take a look if you have time. <a

(3)
Hi. I think we went to school together. I haven't been keeping in touch
because i moved far away to a different city. I am going to be home for
the holidays. Do you remember Jenny? She's probally going to pick me up
from the airport but things haven't been finalized yet. Click here  for
more info about me and my recent picture that I scanned. love, me

ps. Click here if you think I am Emailing the wrong person.

(4)
Hey, this is Katrina, I saw you in the chat room, but I didn't have time
to chat.  Here's a site about me and some of my horny friends!CLICK HERE.
IM Me if you like what you see! Later...

(5)
hello, i am new to the aol comunity. I think I made a link, can you click
here and reply back and tell me it works please.

(6)
You have recieved this email because you were
reffered by someone!
If you are interested in: HARD CORE XXX PICS- click here.
If you are interested in: Hot Teen Babes- click here.
If you are interested in: Hot Teen Sex- click here.
If you are interested in Male 4 Male- click here.
female 4 female- coming soon

(7)
Hi~!! It's Me! remember?? well, anywayz....heres the pic i promised you,
sorry it took so long but, click here to check em' out. BYE! love ya!

(8)
hi baby, its me chrissy, i just wanted to let you know about where you can
see my latest SEXY PICS....  CLICK HERE FOR THEM now!  hehe, hope you
enjoy....  and don't forget, membership is FREE so sign up TONIGHT!!


So many of these appeal to an apparently 'authentic' communality, at var-
iance with the production of marketing chats on the Web. Yet they do the
same thing, only with greater depth: subjectivity is primordially consti-
tuted as capital, available in relation to truth and history.


