


Elemental Homeland


In bifurcation diagrams of the driven pendulum, and other relatively sim-
ple equations, there are domains where chaos will suddenly collapse to a
single line, as if part of the diagram has been wiped out. The following
is an example. [To run, save the program as bifur.bas and in DOS type
qbasic /run bifur.bas. If you have Windows 95, you might not have qbasic;
it's easily imported from Win 3.1.]

REM CHAOS BIFUR bifurcation set for function w/cosine
INPUT "set increment at .01 or .005"; m
CLS : SCREEN 11: WINDOW (-4, 2)-(.25, -4)
z = -4: x = 0
LINE (-4, 0)-(.25, 0): LINE (0, 2)-(0, -4)
two:
IF t < 30 THEN t = t + 1 ELSE GOTO three
x = (x ^ 2) * (1 + COS(x)) + z
PSET (z, x)
GOTO two
three: x = 0
z = z + m
t = 1
GOTO two

The diagram presents a gap or quick descent from the left towards the 
origin; on the other side of the gap, there is an almost immediate rise 
towards chaos. Within the gap, a more-or-less singular solution. Out-
side, chaos in which the slightest perturbation of initial conditions
creates widely dissimilar results.

For a moment, the single determinate response. These regions fascinate me,
harbingers of a mathematical absolute in the midst of the chaos of the
world; even within the chaotic responses, there are bands of probable
results. I see in these the icons of postmodernity - dispersions that tend
to collapse, expand, accumulate, reduce to relative singularities, as if a
primordial structure of the world were announcing itself through otherwise
overwhelming information.

We gravitate towards these cases of the limit, towards cases in which
variance is frozen and totality takes over. Think of them as mother-father
structures in which there is a maternal chora or container reducing in-
stability to the comfort of the womb - and in which the container appears
as a phallic singularity or origin, from which chaos might disperse. These
lineages are irreversible; one can't proceed temporally backwards - but
one can always have the dream or imaginary of the Solution on the horizon
of his or her subjectivity.

(I call such an imaginary an _elemental_ - in this case the collapse or
expansion of chaotic space to a singularity. In this way, one can speak of
links and couplings, emissions and emanations - and their epistemologies.
Think of an elemental as an awkward morphology, pre-topological, pre-topo-
graphic. The motility of the Kristevan chora is composed of elementals, as
are the general morphologies of this universe. I can speak thusly, be-
cause, beyond the dream, elementals are practically useless; however, they
figure strongly in the equally awkward processes of the mind. Think of the
cohesiveness of the overdetermined narratology of the dream or fairy-tale,
both of which might be considered collapses from chaos - as if narrative
itself could only exist within a potential well.)

It's the homeland; it's the sudden collapse of the world; it's the death-
drive and the suturing of the cycle of birth and death; it's the signifer
transforming couplings (concatenations) into linkages (causes and ef-
fects); in short, it's the transformation of "a" into "the" and the begin-
ing of the _thing._ Embracing postmodernity, we await its end - full of
the knowledge of useless hope. The limits, singularities, are few and far
between; chaos reigns - and even within the limit, there are uneasy ques-
tions about the political problematic that results. Only the Right feels
it can afford collapse; home-owners' associations and exclusionary clauses
of all sorts are prime examples. The rest of us are making-do, victims and
entrepreneurs of eternal bricolage.

