


Playing Shamisen (An Odd Editorial)


Shamisen ties me to the world. My online life is often painful - too much
of the virtual, too many projections and introjections. I will lose myself
in you, lose myself in an imaginary that bleeds from the walls. At night,
sleep dissipates across it; the imaginary takes the flesh and binds it to
the wires. 

Shamisen plays against that, plays an insistent rhythm that lines up what
might be processes, not things - and operators, not states. The rhythm of
the real, articulated structures relate to the uneven divisions of the
fingerboard. The fingerboard positions correspond to a dialectic of phy-
sics and culture. Labor moves through the structures which are always in
relation to pausological constraints - the trajectory tending gesturally
towards completion. The fingers ensure or obviate that completion. Sound
fills the space; it's the fulfillment of the space. Shamisen resonance can
operate with hard onset, the spike of the fingernail or plectrum hitting
the skin and string close to simultaneous; the result is spatial echo-lo-
cation situating the body. From the nail, in other words, to the body in
space.

And it's always the phrase, or phrase of phrases, in relation to short-
and long-term memories: just as the sound spreads and reverberates in
space, so does the phrasing resonate in time. Such repetition or trajecto-
ry is of the maternal, a matrix of processes and operations. Sound flows
through the human, interconnecting organism with the real. It recuperates
the place of self in the world, particularly in relation to the labor of
fingers, hardness of the wood neck, delicacy of the body. And playing fast
goes further than this, is a way to shape-ride the real, project outwards
what just glimmers.

I think of the comparative pain of online relationships; I think of the
shamisen and the relative 'honesty' of playing music; out of tune is _out
of tune,_ and projection is always already ikonic in the real. (I'd call
it indexical in the virtual.) In this way, music has, on occasion, saved
me, and when I visit new friends in their apartments, I always look for
instruments. As one expects, of course, they're increasingly replaced by
cd players, other stereo paraphernalia, that reproduce consumption; one's
projection is equivalent to one's introjection, with capital, as usual,
providing the momentum. Still, every so often a body and sound, body of
sound and a sound body will emerge with all the scrapes and inhalations
and clatter that accompany acoustic instruments. I can hear myself through
their fashioning, and in an odd way, indeed, I'm healed.


