



Musing on Elementals


Having spoken of elementals as qualitative morphological changes, such as
collapse to or expansion from, singularities (into and out of chaos or
other bifurcation regimes), I now retreat from 'elemental,' which is far
too mythologizing, too harrowing. For I do not mean to imply anything be-
yond _elementary,_ that these are primitive operations, perhaps - not
primitives themselves. Negation is a primitive (as well as an operation);
what might be called a spurt or collapse isn't, at least in the same
sense. On the other hand, it might be worthwhile to construct a logic of
spurts and collapses, splits and sutures - a _viscous_ logic between, say,
standard fuzzy logic and the propositional calculus. Call this the calcu-
lus of _rills_ ("small streams, runnels, or rivulets"), which have a ten-
dency towards whitewater, mini-waterfalls, bifurcations, desiccation as
well. In other words, _eliminate the primordial_ in favor of the imaginary
and see what results. Such a logic could be developed temporally or not;  
if so, for example, a bifurcation of a bifurcation is still a bifurcation,
(bi*bi = bi), while a singularity from a bifurcation is a singularity
(bi*si = si). In fact we have in general (xy = y); the system has no memo-
ry. If however, we proceed in terms of non-temporality we might send fuzzy
markers through a network, and wonder about their potential appearance at
any point. Again, this seems simple; if there are X number of paths, then
the overall appearance at any path might be 1/X, unless the paths are
weighted. There's no need for a special logic here.

In fact we see that the logic is always close to useless, and relates to
fuzzy set theory. Instead, perhaps, one might speak of contractions and
expansions (tied into couplings and linkages presented elsewhere), lend-
ing themselves towards collapses and spurts, splits and sutures. We might
insist that these operations aren't necessarily the basis of logic, but
the quality of the world itself. We might add annihilations and creations
to complete the morphological taxonomy. We might find ourselves close to
Heraclitus at this point.


