


Body and Soul


I'm in the dead zone between Pittsburgh and Denver, Denver and San 
Francisco; I'm nowhere, without connect, with just the pleasure of the
laptop. The fitfull man in front of me tosses and turns in his seat;
my computer jumps accordingly. This is a jump text and prone to exag-
geration and lightheadedness, and

I'm reading Beyond Calculation, The Next Fify Years of Computering, ed- 
ited by Denning and Metcalfe - a brilliant anthology of essays on our 
social and technological future. One trope that consistently occurs is 
the presence of the clean and proper user; sexuality is never mentioned
for example. While we are capable of living in a world of body-computa- 
tion, wearable programming, and multi-media management, the _we_ and its
altered communality are never discussed. Yet technological transformation 
and psychoanalytical metapsychological structures are interpenetrated to 
a far greater extent than ever before. Whether we buy into psychoanalyti-
cal modeling isn't the point; what's clear is that the structure of the 
personality* is changing. We can point to dispersed attentivity across 
screens and sensory modalities; increased "ruptures" of content (cinema
"jump cuts"); indeterminacies (hypertextualities); and we can point to
the sexualization / fetishization of computer hyperactivity. The pers- 
onality which has stabilized from childhood on now remains in a relative
state of _infantilism,_ continually measuring the world, continually 
finding it necessary to _adjust._ Similar to Kristeva's _borderline per-
sonality,_ we can now observe the dispersed personality, taking Lacan 
one step farther, in the sense that the self might now be perceived as 
multi-media, constantly sexualized, networked, and of course multiple.

Given this, the absence of sexualizing or otherwise "dirty" considera-
tions from the phenomenology of computing can only parallel the absence
of description of excremental practice in most ethnologies. While psy-
choanalysis and anthropology have at times fixated on gender, personal
sexual history, and even shamanic trauma, the lifeworld of the computer
user remains is presented as a given within a model of selfhood derived
from the Enlightenment. (There are notable exceptions, such as Julian
Dibbell's work.)

In the book and elsewhere, "smart" Net-laden houses are described as if
they were more than technological quirks for upper management, for ex-
ample. And the "smartness" is used for conferencing, drawing a bath 
(which goes unused - there's little ecological sense here), and so forth.
Already as Mike Davis points out, the enclaving of the rich has become
commonplace; the Net-house carries this one step farther - but for some-
one who is not only wealthy, but apparently clean and proper to boot.

Cleanliness and propriety have their other sides, foundations, peripher-
ies, as Kristeva and Douglas point out. And it is the other sides which 
interest me, with or without modeling (linkages, couplings, s/ms, ascii
unconsciousness, -jectivities, etc.) - it is the other sides which dev-
elop broken narrative and partial objects of desire, avatars and deeper
emanations, borderlining among real and virtual subjectivities and enti-
ties. Hacking and the life and environment of the hacker; the trails and
deceptions of spam artists and Net pornographers are here. (Don't forget
for a minute that pornography has pioneered sales, community, and entre-
preneurship in many online worlds - and pornography rates close to the
highest for any popularity measurements across demographics and applica-
tions.) All of these striations are critical, not only for considering 
the phenomenology of computing, but also for considering our selves in 
the worlds of the next millennium. I'd like to see more con/texts within
any considerations of our future technopolis; so far it seems that most
of the pioneering writings of cyberpunk have remained just that, fiction
and a good read for most of us, but not so worthy of analytic/academic
consideration.

*"of our time"

**See my Internet Text at http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt - 
it has useful material on Net sex, abjection, attributes of psychosis 
and neurosis online, and so forth. You might also check out my Being on 
Line anthology (Lusitania), which has a number of articles dealing with 
body issues and virtual existence.


