



Farther into the Point


Or more to the point or pushing into the point, what is missing is
what is dirty, uncomfortable, dis/eased - those areas where the Net
gnaws at one - where liquids flow, shorting out keyboards - where
boards are pounded into shrapnel. I think of debris and remnants of
the Net as well as proper applications - or kludges for that matter,
or bricolage compounded out of legacy software and other broken sys-
tems. I think of shattered marriages as well, Net lovers stolen and
swollen in the night, spam artists pushing their own brand of dirt
on the suspecting. But it is filth I keep returning to, the filth
of blood and part objects torn from mythological w/holes, bodies
splayed for exhibition and exchange across the Net which matronizes
them. Filth is positive, lush; filth is where the abject body cums
to grips with its others, virtual-real and real-virtual.

"Increasing evidence indicates that ongoing function, that is, com-
munication itself, alters the structure of the nervous system. In
turn, altered structure changes ongoing function, wich continues to
alter structure." (Ira B. Black, Information in the Brain, A Molec-
ular Perspective.) Just so consider the virtual, which is always
already _constitutive,_ communicative, altering the real, by which
one might refer to the horizon of the subject as background to the
virtual. The constitutive occurs in a _clean room_ without clutter
or dirt between/among its components; the real has the potential for
wear and clutter _all the way down._ To think through _filth_ is to
think through the backdropping, flooding, of communication and the
constitutive; it is to embrace and comprehend the role of the abject
- not so much _on_ the Net, as against or _beneath_ it. And it is
this positioning which is so much absent - as well as the political
economy of say, wired houses. To the extent that the clean rises
with the clean, one inhabits the safety of the Net, the safety-Net
without regard to the bones or meat of the world. But this inhabi-
tation is false; the matrix extends within and without the nervous
system on one hand, the cyberspace on the other. Merlin Donald poin-
ted this out, and Black has a diagram in which "Brain function and
molecular-behavioral-molecular loops" complete a cycle: "Schematic
representation of information flow from environment to internal state,
systems function, molecular regulatoon and behavior."

One might in fact translate passages such as the following into issues
of abjection and cyberspace: "Where does anxiety, the psychological
experience, end and enzyme induction, the molecular reaity, begin? In
fact, our previous discussions have defined a number of the intermed-
iate mechanisms driving this continuous cycle or strange loop. Cycles
within cycles, symbols within symbols, and codes within codes are
hidden in this mechanisms." [...] "We review the molecular mechanisms
involved in TH induction to define explicitly how high-level hypervi-
gilance and anxiety may change the hardware on which they are based."
Just so, one might review the psychoanalytics of abjection in relation
to virtual subjectivities, and examine how both dialectically recons-
titute themselves in relation - this is part of my goal, to create
both the analysis and experience necessary. Working backwards from
that, issues of symbol formation, comprehension, desire, and the "mat-
erial visage" of the body may be foregrounded as well. (Part of my
concern is with the more general epistemological and ontological is-
sues that then arise.)


