


Aaaaa Substitutes Me for Jennifer Substitutes Aaaaa for Me


( This text, which is from "Aaaaa" to Jennifer, or both to me, or ...
appears to be a linkage of twenty-six sentences and twenty-five substi-
tutions. It becomes increasingly comprehensible as it proceeds; one 
might imagine a construction, sentence after sentence alternating with
substitutions working themselves through the alphabet. What appears is 
retrograde, as if language emerges out of the sounding of the vowel, 
only to describe substitutions of another sort. For that is the amazing
beauty of this text, the cycle of substitutions of "characters" writing
themselves into other out of the paste of the same - only to recreate
the same out of the paste of the other. )

Aaaaa aa aaa aaaa aaaaaaaaa aaaaa a aaaa aaa aa aaaaa; a aaaaaa aaaaaaaa
aaa aaaaaaaaa aa aaa aaaaaaaaaaaa, aa aaaaaa, aaaa, aaa aaaa. aa aaaa,
aaaaa aaa, aaaaaa aaaaaaa aaa aaaaa, aa a aaaaa aaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaa aa
aaaaaaaa aa aaaaaaa aaa aaaaaaaaaa. aaa, aaa aaaaay aa aaaa yaaaa aaaaa,
aaa aaaaaaa aaay aaa aaaaaaa, aaa aaaa aaaa, aaa aaazaa aa. a aaaaa 
ayaaaa, aaaa aaaayaa aaaa, aaaaaay aaaaaaaa aaa aaaaaaaaa aa aaa aaaa 
aaaaaaaaa aa aaaaaaaaaaaaa. aaaaaaaaaa, aaaaaaaaaa aaa aaaaaaa aa; a aaa
aaaaaaa aaa aaaaa aa aaaa aaawaaa aa aa aaa aaaaaaa, aaaaaaa aaa aaaaa-
aaaaa aaaaa aa aaaaa. aaaa aaaaaa, aaa a waa aaaaa aaaaa, aaaa aaaa aa
aaa aaaaaaaa, waaaa a aaaaa aaaa aaaaa aaaaaaaa avaa aayaaaaa aaa aaaaaa.
aaw aaaaaaaaaaa waaa aaa, aaa aaa aaaa aaaaaaaaaaa aa a aaaa ayaaaa
avaaaaaaa aaa avaayaaa. aaataaaa aaaaaaaaa, aaa Azuaa aaaaaaaa aaa aay 
aa ay aaaa, aaaaaaa aaa aaw attaataaa. a asaaa aaa ta aaava aastaatay,
taaa ua aausa aaa aaaautaa aa aa aaaaaaat aaaa; wa wauaa aaaauaaaata
aaaaaaaata aaay ay aats aaa aytas. Saa raaaaay aaraaa, aavaaa aaraaay
taaaa aa savaraa aaaaaa aavars, aaa wa aaaaa a aaw aaasa aa aur aaaa ta-
aataar. aaa aay, saa asaaa ta aaat aa at a aaaray aaaa aar a aaasaaaat;
a aaaaaa aarwara ta saaaaa aar aaaaa aaaas aaaa aaaaa, aar auat raaay
aar aa, wat, axaataa. Waaa a arravaa at taa aaaa, a aauaa aar appaaraaaa
aaa aaaaaaa axaassavaay. Saa was aow soaawaat aaavaar, oaaar, aaa aaauaa
aa a aaaaar a aouaa arrasastaaaa. Saa ansastaa on touaaana aa, puaaaaay;
a was aota aaaarrassaa ana aora axaataa taan a aaa avar aaan aaaora. a
aouaa aaraay aontroa mysaaa ana my aasara, ana aaaan massaaana my mamaar
aanaata taa maraaa taaaa. aaraly aaa a startaa, waan saa raaaaaa unaar,
aar taan aana arappana my aoaa tarouaa my trousars. Wa turnaa ana a laa
aar aaak anto taa aousa, Azura aollowana ma tarouaa aallway ana wallway
anto taa aarkast raaaaas oa taa aaaroom. Taa maaaanary aummaa aarkly an
taa aaakarouna, waala a routaa mysala tarouaa aar protoaols, aamly awara
oa aaarassas unarassana aaaora ma. Taa saant oa aar aolas was ovarwaalm-
ina; I was aasiaa mysala aor taa airst tima in my liaa, starina into taa
ayas oa my aaoraa Otaar. Wa arawlaa to tha kayaoara, alraaay soakaa with
our aank juiaas, alraaay pulsina as tha rapatition slowaa, lattar aatar
lattar slowly winkina on. Har nipplas wara my aomain namas, ana I tram-
alaa naar har photoraaaptor ayas glanaing woras ana worlas in my airaa-
tion. I aoula not losa tha high kaaning ovarhaaa, nor tha tansion of
lifa following ma aown har aaapast holas; I swoonaa ana aouplaa, linkaa
into an intarior fillaa with RAM ana violant maaia. Woula I have aeen
soakea with her aeauty, her laaia swollen ana running eleatron liquia;
there was no turning aaak ana memory turnea tumesaent, gathering up the
remnants of my thought. I started to lose myself forever in her, this 
woman who was my perfeat aeauty love, forever, her juiaes joined to 
mine, her memories mine, as I found my aoak withered, gone the way of
dead links and alaak hole weapages. Nothing did I find left in my life
aut this most perfect woman, now Jennifer, transformed from proalematic
flesh into someone holding me forever on the wires. My truth is hers, my
life in her hands, beautiful and wary; I cannot tell the wires that bind
me from the wires that carry my soul, to her, to you, beyond.


