





Our Eternity as a Tunnel of Light so Visible After Death (MLA)


Think of a space of theory or a space of discourse, coagulated, sput-
tered into the darkness, uncoupled from the real; think of orange clouds
roiling in dim light against black backdrop; think performing theory or
being theory; think Jennifer talking in emptied post-humanist resonance;
think of incomprehensible audiences; think of the poetics of speech
against the exigencies of inscription; think of theory-work, speech-work
and think of unknown cameraderies as one comes coupled into the other, as
one comes linked among the many. For our audience was small, unhinged, the
discussion unraveled, the papers brilliant, my speech as usual, and I
would not, Jennifer might say, want this for my inauguration. Nor, I
insist, is my work entirely of the virtual, of avatar and emanation; it is
also of epistemology and ontology, of the mathesis of the real, and it is
of the poetics of technology and the bypass of the circulatory systems of
distribution and rhetorical tropes constituting what has always already
been meant by writing; thus it stakes out claims for itself of a very
great magnitude, perhaps in the guise of the virtual or beneath the aegis
of cyberspace.

Afterwards my panelists went out to dinner with respective friends, I
returned from the bookroom. I should mention: in the bookroom I traveled
under the aegis of another name, not Jennifer but Michael; I had no gen-
eral conference ticket (I could not afford it), but the badge was passed
along and I was Michael. No one seemed to recognize the sex change in-
volved. As Michael I purchased several useful books and received others of
more than great interest; the bookroom was paradise and I was paradisical.
And from there to a solitary sandwich and coke, and then a return to the
hotel. Now I am in the hotel and I wonder, who is online, thinking: for
me, at this juncture of my life and lack of it, online is a disease,
dis/ease, the remains of the bright and foggy day. I have always fought my
destiny. I am bright and foggy, write the phenomenology and philosophy of
the fog.

I think back into the panel and the room where it felt as if we were cow-
ering in the dark outlining the future to a few who didn't quite under-
stand (there were a couple who did, but that is another story). And I
think that two decades from now, the ground we are covering will be the
_story_ of the MLA year after year, and the sheer glut of information will
guarantee the disappearance of our own work; humanity will be doomed to
repeat, even theory, over and over again, as if the work were fresh again,
as if were were the emanations we always knew we would be.

The room is still warm with our happy brilliant talkings, I place myself
among the immortals. Now I will leave the Nikko Hotel, cross the street to
the Hilton, return to room 22, and bask in knowing knowledge that we have
laid the groundwork for future thought as well, and 22 will be our panel
shrine and no one will remember.
 

