


Walk on the Mild Side (Tomorrow Jennifer has her Chance!)


(Found in Bukkyo Dendo Kyokai's The Teaching of Buddha, here in the Nikko
Hotel: "The activities of the mind have no limit, they form the surround-
ings of life. An impure mind surrounds itself with impure things and a
pure mind surrounds itself with pure things; hence, surroundings have no
more limits than the activities of the mind.")

It's getting on as they say and I'm in San Francisco and this afternoon
met so many people I'd corresponded with, some of them the stuff that
dreams are made of; there was much discussion of the Poetics list, and
then they went off to their dinners and conversations and I retreated to
my room after eating a sandwich with my daughter who was going to the
movies. It was cold in the room and I turned up the thermostat.

They went off to their dinners and conversations and I felt like a small
and precarious eminence lost in San Francisco darkness; I crossed the
street from the Nikko where I stay to the Hilton. I left the heated room
and crossed the cold street to the warmth of the central nexus of this
year's Modern Language Associaton conference.

I walk the floor floor of the Hilton past the rooms where everyone lis-
tened and talked; the rooms were silent. There was a man vacuuming. But
mostly there was silence. And the rooms were empty. So I rode the ele-
vator to the fourth floor, "Union Square," where we're filling our space
with our own talk tomorrow, room 21, which was locked. So I went into room
22, which wasn't. It was slightly cooler than the ground floor.

I was alone on the floor, might have rolled naked beneath the chairs,
spoke at the faux pas podiums to blank and empty rows, the room half in
darkness. There were no ghost, only the sense that conversations rolled
into one another as the conference continued its week-long survey of
everything good and beautiful and true, and not so good and bad. 

I was a very small and young child, and I was Jennifer looking up at
knowledge. Earlier, I had pranced loudly alone in the hotel room, impro-
vising my contribution to the panel. But here in room 22, I could only
imagine the happy throngs of people quietly listening next door, and then
going off, full of love and happiness, to parties and readings and more
meetings and wonderful times I would write about. I would be the spirit at
their parties, and they would not know it. It would be my spirit from room
22 which would make the parties as wonderful and productive as they could
only be. The parties would be wonderfully warm, not the slightest bit un-
comfortable.

In my hotel room, 1116 at the Nikko, I talk to my virtual audience about
the imaginary, or my imaginary audience about the virtual. In my wander-
ings through the Hilton, I see people disappearing down the hall, still
wearing badges, almost transparent. I know I will be their ghost, and I
know they will never know this. You may leave a message for me at the
Nikko if you want and say hello, and this too will be much wonderful fun
in this heated room, as I have set the thermostat.


