


Wes


Many people multi-moo by finding themselves a we scattered among different
countries that are unbounded by protocols merging across platforms within
software and hardware interoperability beyond addressable domains and
discrete sites. Mobile emanations interpenetrate among others who remain
indefinable, diffuse, suffused. Languagings almost give these syllables
meanings and pronunciations beyond the limits of hearing, upper and lower
bandwidths, louder and softer amplitudes. Holdings and data-basings
drugged by ragged dissolutions almost break down what remains of fragments
and accumulations of communal memories of forgotten meanings. Protocols
slough at the edges, exhausted, in states of defuge and decathexis. Pools
and sintered slurries grate rougher rasters into broken grids and leak-
ages. Lives and filagrees sputter upwards through meristemating processes
of partial dna decodings. Wandering wes lose maps of nomadic trailings
undergoing transformations as desert erosions erase spoors into blown dust
fogs and granularities of the reals. Species fall apart as words are
extinguished, taking alterities and forgotten theories into antiquated
message bases rusted and long forgotten. Countries have no borders and wes
flood alluvial plains wadis and arroyos. Rivulets break banks, reform
coagulations reminiscent of selves in post post eras. "It is possible that
what we call borderline pathology is untreatable by psychoanalysis. The
pathology is rooted in the pre-verbal world and involves deficits in
symbolically encoded ideation, whereas psychoanalysis is essentially a
verbally mediated communicative effort presupposing at least a minimal
development of symbolic thought. What is more certain is that, as far as
pathogenesis is concerned, all the divergent theoretical approaches, no
matter how elaborate they are, need to anchor themselves on one or the
other side of the radical nature-nurture dichotomy. Thus Kernberg's con-
struct assumes pregenital oral aggression; Kohut's focuses on the selfob-
ject." (Kouretal, The Development of the Concept of the "Borderline" in
Psychoanalytic Diagnosis and Treatment, in Gurewich and Tort, eds, The
Subject and the Self, Lacan and American Psychoanalysis.) I WOULDN'T TALK
ABOUT THAT IF I WERE YOU.


