


Systems of Exchange


(Pornography on Usenet binaries has taken a turn towards the permanently
broken narrative; below are some examples, in order. The dialog veers as
sentences are arbitrarily cut off; the scripts appear as if one were in
motion across rooms and platforms. The language ranges from specific to
quaint, authors searching for the missing body. Don't read further if you
are offended by pornographic texts, although these border on the cartoon.)















screams, then I buried my face in her nice clam again and I

teased her swollen button unmercifully, tiny, fluttery sweeps of my
tongue inched Jessie slowly to the climax she desperately needed.

     Finally I knew she was ready and I thrust three fingers into her
burning clam while I probed her beautiful asshole with my
tongue. I penetrated her ass with my tongue and as I did she
began to thrash violently in total and complete sexual release. I
continued to screw her ass with my tongue. When the waves of
pleasure finally subsided, we collapsed in one anothers' arms. We
were covered in sweat, spew and bodily secretions. 
     Jessie finally spoke and asked, "Where did you learn to do all this?"
     I replied, "I'm a p*rn freak and sex addict. Sexual pleasure is
something I seek. I will do most anything, short of pain and
degredation. Watch enough p*rn and you will learn a lot about
making one another feel very good."
     I knew from Jessie's questions she had something up her
sleeve or should I say wanted something up her ass? She was

your dress.  I then ask you to stand so that I may remove your dress and
expose

your wonerfull body.  You stand and by your side is standing Robert and
Arlene, both of whom are naked.  You stare at both of them and admire
their bodies.

Robert, who's body is that of an athlete and you were right in guessing
that he was well endowed. Arlene, the peboobe sweet looking woman, with
beautiful hooter and such a lovely body.
      I have Robert pick you up and tell him to carry you into the
bedroom.  As you are brought into the bedroom you notice all the candles
and the sweet smell of the flowers.  There is music playing softly in the
back round and you see the differt type of oils to be used on you.  We all
gather around you as you lie apon the bed...
     shaft", Linda cheered as he pulled his trousers and shorts down
     with one tug.

     A hush fell over the room, save for Lisa's whining, as we all

     stared at the dong hanging between his legs.  I had never seen
     anything like it and looked at my pitiful little thing in envy.
     Linda gazed in admiration, Margaret gaped at it in terror and Lisa
     stopped crying, frozen in absolute horror, knowing where Gene was
     going to stick it.

As Tracy reached climax I felt the wash of her juices around my embedded
erection. Slipping my length out of her taco, and bending her legs upwards

and forwards over her head. I rubbed the length of my sausagemeat from her
inflamed button down her exposed taco to her arse. Letting my knobend slip

between the cheeks of her arse, I nudged my length into her puckered spunk
dribbling hole. Pushing gently until her anus started to distend around my
prick. I thrust the head of my sausage fully into her tight slippery arse.
She jerked at the force of my entry, giving a yelp of pain as my length
slid in.  I leaned my weight down on her to assist the penetration, and as
my length eased further in, the lubrication of Daves and Mikes spunk,
mixed with the those kind of out of place?"
   Without a word James stripped off his pants and hugged her close

again. The feeling of skin against skin was exquisite. Her hooters

pressed hard against his chest, generating more sexual heat. She was
surprised how fast she was recovering, and how much she wanted more. She
roamed over his ass with her free hand, feeling it's firmness. He was
doing roughly the same thing, she noticed. Then she reached around and
grasped his erection, a little surprised at its size and hardness. She
pressed her hips against his and was more surprised at the spark of sexual
energy that exploded in her. There was just one little detail that needed
taking care of. "So, where do you keep the, um..."

     "Good, don't move it.  I am going to screw your tongue," she
whispered.

I was somewhat surprised by her crudity, but anything that Beth said or
did

now.  She reached her left hand between her squatting legs and grasped the
edge of her crotch with her fingers.  In one quick motion, she pulled the
panty crotch to the other side, baring her curls and the pink, gaping
slit. The entrance to her moisture-laden vagina was wide-open and
inviting.  I continued stroking my tumescent sausage.
     "What do you want to do to me?" she asked.
     "I want to eat you."
     "What do you want to eat?"
     I could tell she wanted me to talk dirty to her.  I could almost tell
by the sound of her voice when needed a little vocal stimulation.  "I want
right then and there!  Tell me what, did something go wrong, what is it?  
I definitely wanted to know!

"Well, I assure you it isn't anything bad, somewhat unusual, but nothing
to worry about...in fact it's kind of exciting" Connie

said.  Then Mira started to tell me about it.  First, that I'd probably
blown the theory of "harmonics" out of the water and that there would
definitely be a lot of future discussion as a result of my surgery.  Dr.
Donna, who was assisting Mira in my surgery, noticed something in the
x-ray and called it to Mira's attention.  What they had found was that my
pelvis has a very decided feminine spread, as if I had gone through
puberty as a


