


A Last Conversation between Jennifer and Julu

Jennifer came across Julu, wounded and dying, half-buried in the ground.
Help me, help me, said Julu to Jennifer. What can I do, I can do nothing,
said Jennifer. I have only hours, minutes, seconds to live, said Julu.
That is true, said Jennifer. That is completely true. Julu "could hardly
see and could hardly hear, either." Jennifer said, I will tell you about
sex and my wonderful love. Julu said, I don't want to hear that. Jennifer
said, it doesn't matter what you want to hear, you will soon not hear
anything, and whatever I say will be quickly forgotten. You will have no
memory and won't even remember you have forgotten it. I am very sad, said
Julu, is there nothing I can say to convince you otherwise. Nothing, said
Jennifer, let me continue telling you about sex and my wonderful love.
Julu said, I don't want to hear that, and Jennifer said, it will only be
for a little while, then you won't have to hear that. Jennifer said, for
in any case, were I to indulge you, you would know that only for a few
hours, minutes, and seconds, but I would know that for my entire life, I
did not tell you about sex and my wonderful love. I am dying as if it 
were a battlefield or hospital deathbed, as if it were an intensive care
unit or hospice, said Julu. Then I must hurry, said Jennifer, seeing that
there is so little time for me to tell you about sex and my wonderful
love. Perhaps we are going in circles, said Julu, but Jennifer said, yes,
perhaps so, but that will only be for a little while, and then you will
be dead and the circles will be broken. Sing me that song, said Julu,
that sound you have known that I have always liked. No, said Jennifer, I
am quite intent on telling you about sex and my wonderful love. I can
hardly speak any longer, said Julu, looking quite wan as the light began
to fade from her eyes and her limbs moved ever so slowly. Then you will
do well to listen, said Jennifer. Please, said Julu, barely able to com-
plete a thought, much less a sentence. Listen, said Jennifer, and she
proceeded to tell Julu about sex and her wonderful love, until Julu died
and was buried beneath the ground.


