


Home///Free


What are the markers, spoors, traces of homesteading in cyberspace? The
server and email address provide portals, as do the dynamic or fixed IP.
The email address connects to a name, <name> <login>@<address>, roughly.
This name is variable. 

Online, one might remain in: newsfeeds, tickerfeeds, other pushfeeds;
personal email programs; telnet; java-enabled chats, MOOs, MUDs; dialup
access; ytalk and other chats; GUI MOOs, etc.; realaudio and realvideo
entertainments.

Any of these might be home, but reserve home for those areas in which pro-
jection is also possible; that would include, for example, my.yahoo, email
lists, etc. So home can be push and pull (if these words still have any
credence at all.)

Think of homesteading in newsgroups, email lists, temporary and permanent
chats, IRC, GUI MOOs, more traditional MOOs, MUDs, etc. What are the mark-
ers, etc.? Certainly, the chosen name is one; as well as the @desc (chosen
description). There may be the simulacrum of body (ytalk) or place (@dig
or home commands on MOOs). There may be the familiarity of local common
histories. There may be the comfort of understanding the underlying soft-
ware and command structure.

It seems a degree of comfort is warranted, even though that may be acerbic
- for example, someone continually breaking into an IRC channel to cause
trouble.

Why does it bother someone so much to be booted from an email list? Why
are people attacked on lists bothered so much? It has to do with comfort.

When one has one's clothing slightly untucked, the discomfort can be way
out of proportion to the physical state. The same with food lodged between
the teeth, a pillow slightly misarranged on the bed, an itch. All of these
things relate to the phenomenology of the bodily enclosure - how the sub-
ject perceives hirself. It takes a pinprick to deflate a balloon, and com-
fort is measured by the projection of a totality that inauthentically
appears or is made to appear as if it is not constituted, but (taken for)
granted - a nest. Nesting involves completion, history, comfort, knowledge
of topography and building and programming, the welcoming of one's neigh-
bors and a common mythos. Nesting involve sleeping in peace, without viral
disturbance.

One can always delete _x's_ posts on an email list, as an example, if they
create discomfort. But one rarely does (at least by hand - filtering is
another matter, that of the machinic, altogether); the posts come in,
there are others replying to them - they create an aura. The totality of
Being is disturbed, disrupted by beings. Totality relates to Volk as well
as peace, totalitarianism as well as democracy.

The trace, spoor, track, always encircles itself; a Jordan curve, it car-
ries the signifier of foreclosing, a literal double-crossing necessary to
return to the outside. Comfort, the name, the knowledge, the very stars in
the sky - all contribute to the firewall. The firewall is defined by its
weakest link; the longest Jordan curve (defined as a curve which cuts the
plane in two) becomes a line segment with the smallest break; a punctured
sphere becomes the plane, as the body expires. 

These are primitive, defensive reactions, repressions, sublimations, for-
tifications. These hold the body in abeyance in relation to other bodies,
which are friendly and comforting by fiat, dangerous and discomforting,
also by fiat. The signs and the absence of signs, the shimmering of signs
across constituted boundaries signifying culture, are all there. 

These are the signs of Babel and of babble. Most of them exist within the
realm of affect, are catylized by language, by the linguistic. The psycho-
analytical aura which creates the meaning of the trace, the spoor, the
track, is pre-symbolic - or read in other codes, the usual meataphor (sic)
of the (auto)immune system. On a certain fundamental level, almost never
entertained, the politics of identity becomes the identity of politics,
far below the level of the inscription, prevalent among the disorderings
of the drives and the biologic.

Needless to say all of this is _manifest,_ in one way or another, among
the files and datastreams of cyberspace as well. The difficulty is to
ignore or bypass the very signifiers that bring the symptom to our atten-
tion, return beyond or within the electronic to the level of the chthonic
or inchoate. There the absolute is absolved, definitions suffuse, and
avatars, like names, become emanations. And there as well, hierarchy and
the aristotelian logics of the everyday disappear, replaced by superim-
positions, tangled holarchies, and gaps - not only in knowledge, but what
constitutes knowledge itself. (See Information in the Brain, Ira Black,
for examples.)


