


Irritations of the Textual Politics


When the symptom totalizes, the text seems awkward, misapprehended, no
longer a living / organic being. When the lines are too short or too long,
when the lines tend to become shorter or longer throughout a paragraph,
creating the appearance of a slope. When the lines are too ragged. When
breaks occur in the wrong places in long single syllables - or don't oc-
cur, leaving gaps like broken teeth. I'll even change words to avoid such
iconic signifiers, which turn the overall text into an _image_ of no re-
lation. I think instead of the text as a continuous production, an emis-
sion integral with the body - the paragraphs signifying breaks, recapitu-
lations, moments of silence - and the sentenes, clauses, etc., increasing-
ly smaller units of speech and phenomena. The emission is naturally ideal,
its complexity often warranting a rereading or rescanning, something im-
possible in the umwelt of speech.

In a similar manner, mispellings - especially those involving changes of
meaning, however slight, wound the text, make it a laughing-stock. In
contrast to real-life disability, often sutured by the exigencies of re-
pair and returned to (perhaps foreshortened) ability, mispelling is an
error easily corrected - an error of sloppiness or Freudian misrecogni-
tion. It gnaws at me, as if it were gnawing at itself, a dumb animal
pulling at injury for which there is no accounting. Sometimes it is not
simply mispelling, but broken syntax, full of undeliberate error. And I do
not argue here purity, far from it, but for a delivery of language as if
you were hearing for the first time, the second time, the third time. The
pausological constants of 'uh,' 'um,' and the like, all of which give
structure a moment to fill itself, are missing - instead one is tripped by
the pothole on the midnight track, the con / text forgotten, and every-
thing collapsed.

Thus was my recent dream, in which a text was lost, as I blundered with my
unnamed lover's friend - he had children, a house overlooking the sea, and
delighted in fishing in tidal pools. But I had no patience; I wanted to
keep writing and shaping a text I was writing on my laptop - it was a dif-
ficult text - it may have been this one - and I was rude, and it was ter-
rible - I couldn't make anything up to him, to her, to them - and above
all, the text was lost, gone forever, disappearing in the midst of shame
and argument.


