


Two Girls, Talking


_I feel perfectly at home, nowhere._ (Helene Cixous)

"One never listens. One never _can_ listen." (Jennifer)

"It was a brisk and sunny day, around two in the afternoon, on earth."
There were these two girls walking down the street, coming towards me.
They didn't see me and they passed me and I didn't see them again. One of
them was talking to the other. They came out of the high-school down the
street. They might have been around fourteen years old. I forget what they
were carrying. I could see them as they passed me and they might have
turned and looked back. From the virtual position, I could see that they
were talking, or rather that one, the one on the left, was talking, and
that the other was listening. I could hear the one on the left, but in
relation to the other, I could only presume, as I do here, that the other
was listening. Surely the other was hearing, just as you are seeing, but
she may not have been listening. _I have no memory of what she said._

The distance between them was the distance of skin separated from skin, by
air. Not by air as an actant, but by air as a medium of separation, which
was social; the caress, if there were such, was one of language only, at
least during their passage, _paysage,_ before me. I think of skin peeled
back from skin, skin separated from the other, perhaps hearing, perhaps
listening, perhaps _attending_ as well. Perhaps lost in her own thoughts.
Perhaps listening is always already a loosening. Perhaps listening is im-
possible, a form of love. 

The skin is peeled back from the skin, and the skin of the self as well.
The double was pushed back from itself, words crossing the distance, in
the form of a telling. Oh, how they surrounded one and the other, and my
musings, as I disappeared in the distance, their voices growing fainter
with each passing second.

The double skin peeled back, as in the shattering of thin glass, falling
in broken slabs silently on the pavement before the unemployment office.
There was no room to see into them; I was their stranger in the city,
invisible, not of the consequence of the other. But I have seen things...
But I did not see their interior, nor what they would show to themselves
and the greater they would show to lovers.

"Perhaps lost in her own thoughts," "each alone in her thoughts," and I
would like to believe they were _best_ friends, which we have when we are
young; in my own pathos, I remember _rating_ my acquaintances, holding
onto names and numbers for dear life. Now, in revenge and curative, I
caress Jennifer and Julu, talk with Alan and Nikuko, who exist as my dear
loving writing permits. My best friends, my best friends. Yet even so, I
sense Jennifer's turning away, her head slightly to one side, Alan dead
meat, not read meat, his skin peeled back, nerves exposed, "lost in her
own thoughts."

