


^
^
I bet you a dollar this won't work.
I bet you two dollars it will.
I bet you three dollars this won't work at all.
I bet you four dollars it will because it just will that's all.
I bet you five dollars it won't ever ever work.
I bet you six dollars it definitely will work, of course it will.
Well, I bet you ten dollars it won't because I know how it is.
Well, I bet you twenty back it will because it's so perfect.
Well, ha, I bet you fifty it won't because it's a mess.
Hee hee, you've got to be kidding, I'm betting you a hundred.
Well, naah naah, I'm betting you a thousand, now how about that.
Naaah nah nah ne naaah naah, I'm betting you ten thousand!
Well I'm betting you a million and you know what I mean!
I'm betting you ten million, and you can't bet more than that!
Yes you can, I'm betting you a million billion, ha ha ha!
Well I raise you two quadrillion and forty-two zillion, ho ho!
I bet you all the atoms in the universe, there's nothing more to bet!
I bet you all the atoms and one little atom, ha ha ha again!
Now I bet all the atoms and all the electrons as well, you'll see!
Well I bet all the atoms and electrons and all the photons too!
Well I bet all the atoms and other stuff multiplied by neutrinos!
I bet all the neutrinos raised to the power of all the quarks hee hee!
Guess what, I bet all that times all the beauty of a little rose!
Gag me, I bet all that times the beauty of the biggest rose in the world!
I bet all that times the biggest rose in the universe!
Ha ha, I bet that times the biggest tree and all the forests everywhere!
I bet all that times all the drops in the ocean!
Yecch, I bet that times all the plankton times their tiny little feet!
I bet all that times the grains of sand ever so often sandy!
I bet all that times those grains which are more like powders!
That times all the powders in the world!
Times all the powders in the universe!
Times 62!
Times 113!
Times the most terrific snowflakes falling in the Alps!
Times a thousand gouland bouland fouland mouland!
Times a million billion trillion zillion gillion frillion!
Times a grillion shrillion splillion durillion gonzillion!
Times a doopydrillion floopyspillion bloopypillion roopyshillion!
Times a ploopywillion hoppypoppydillion billion million million!
Oh I give up!
Oh this is so unsatisfactory!


