


Configuring


Thanks to a friend's generosity, I have acquired a Compaq Presario 1075
laptop, which goes a long way towards multimedia portability, useful for
demonstrations. Because the floppy doesn't work, I've been careful with
uploads and downloads - here's a result of the progress to date.

First, I gave the Windows 95 a permanent swapfile, as well as limited the
cache, disabled expanding menus, and set the click-to-menu time to zero.
This speeds up the machine and stops unnecessary hard-drive activity. When
I added Wetsock (weather information), I had to upgrade one of the DLLs; I
also added Mosaic 3 (for the site mapping function), and this resulted in
adding three additional older DLLs (Mosaic 3, the last of the Mosaics, is
from 1997.)

I added a standalone newsprogram which is faster than Netscape's; I also
added WS_Ftp of course, getting rid of its splash screen. I downloaded
Hyperterminal 4.0, and set two of them for different Panix telnets; I also
configured a PCPLUS DOS program for dialup.

I set the System Monitor and Resource meter on the desktop, as well as
Regedit, used for editing the Windows Register. I downloaded the latest
Real Audio/video, and IP Tools, which gives finger, ping, and other mon-
itoring devices. Finally, I set up ICQ.

Because of the 150 MHz speed of the unit, all of this runs quickly; for
large downloads such as my URLs (about 18 megabytes and a couple of hun-
dred files), I use the DOS command-line ftp - which is lean and beautiful.
There are other useful DOS commands as well; ping and netstat are there
for example. I did have to add a C:\qbasic directory, transfer qbasic.exe
and associated files, as well as my programs, over; I did this by upload
and download, since the location of my desktop makes computer-to-computer
cabling difficult.

On my desktop, I have Win95 with dozens more applications, as well as li-
nux - but the linux occupies only 300 megabytes of space, and really needs
more. I can't put all the C libraries in, for example, much less Gimp, a
graphics tool. For this reason, I'm waiting until I can purchase a larger
desktop - linux will then take up at least two gigabytes of disk space,
and I'll be able to use the new kernel.

But the Compaq Presario is beautiful; I can set it up for multimedia pre-
sentations, using either Netscape or Mosaic as front-ends. Mosaic works
through a 'presentation mode' (among others) that places the graphics
full-screen without the surrounding menus or scroll-bars. There's also a
DOS application which I'll send over, Gifprt, which can be set up in a
slide-show mode. At that point, everything becomes simple, public, demon-
strable.

I'd like to see a phenomenology of configuring - when does one back out
because the returns aren't worth it - what is the bringing-to-conscious-
ness of the system as a whole (for example, once the swap file is set -
which depends on total hard drive space and RAM - I can forget about it,
this 'totality'), and how does it descend to 'filtered' or 'altered' ap-
lications - when does the operating system become _mine_ - when do I feel
that I can 'shape-ride' the machine, instead of approaching it as a rela-
tively unknown system (in other words, when and how does tacit knowledge
take over) - what sorts of fine-tuning, in terms of appearance and func-
tion, are done, 'personalizing' the machine (for example, I constantly
change the desktop appearance, simultaneously working on software) - how
do 'surfaces' and 'depths' manifest themselves (for example, DOS _always_
appears 'deeper' than the graphic desktop - I have a DOS icon which opens
up - as if there were a _wound_ cutting through the outher tissues) - to
what extent is the configured system _open_ to networking on one hand, and
_open_ to the user on the other - when does configuring approach the dan-
ger point, the edge (where the machine might break down) - what defines an
edge for the user (personal knowledge in dialectic/dialog with the mach-
ine?) - what defines the _inhabitation_ of the computer, when one feels
it's a home-space - and so forth. Then there are issues of _labor_ invol-
ved - for example, reading manuals, downloading and uploading, typing and
retyping tuning parameters - all of which becomes addiction (opening up a
phenomenology of addiction, power, foreclosure, and worlding as well) -
working any number of hours until the point of exhaustion and hallucina-
tion sets in. There's also the phenomenology of configuring for the novice
user as well, the user who won't or can't be bothered, the user who is
fearful of crashing the machine (which includes myself, since with a flop-
py, there's no boot disk for this one), the user who 'simply' wants to
feel at home,' treat the computer as an _appliance_ (which I associate
with the Mac); there's also the user at the far end who desires nothing
more than to hack the machine, tame it, turn it inside-out, down to the
levels of assembly or machine language - the user who is at one with the
_works_ themselves, places herself through the interstices of bits and
bytes - in other words, the _rhizomatic user._ Finally, there are issues
of symbolization, thinking-through offline and online digital spaces -
when language becomes manifest, when the impetus towards a certain effect
becomes a consciously articulated production of that effect.

The current image on my desktop: rhizomatic structures from the undersur-
face of lichen, small tentacular hands groping into sheer and empty air.


