





*REQUEST*


That all the files of the following individuals be saved through 
the interval 10/99 - 4/00 - on independent floppies or other mag-
netic or magneto-optical media _not attached_ to any electrical
device, including CPU or hard or other drives:

Jennifer      Tiffany      Timmy       Kon
Travis        Alan         Jenn        Big Al
Clara         Honey        Al          Jenny
Nikuko        Julu         Daishin Nikuko

That these files be saved with the following information:

Sender        Address of Sender, Recipient, Email software if relevant
Recipient     Email list name
Date          Message ID if relevant
Subject       Ostensible Sender if relevant

That each such file be triplicated across independent media (separate
floppies, hard drives, zip disks, and so forth), and, if possible, re-
produced in non-electronic media such as paper, stone, vellum, or in-
scribed metal plaques suitably protected against water damage.

That such triplicated files be compared, one against another, in order
to ensure absolute accuracy, such as found in Torah Scrolls or the Ar-
chives of Tibet.

That such triplicated files be stored in places widely separated, with-
out electronic locking devices, and in widely-varying atmospheric con-
ditions, such as humidity, pressure, and chemical content. Further, that
such places be in permanent shadow, without any possibility of water or
other chemical spillage; and further, that such places be permanently 
held within a centigrade temperature bandwidth of zero to twenty degrees.

That each such file be placed with proper identification upon a series
of identical maps, such that an X marks its location. That these maps
be duplicated in triplicate, and placed in other strongholds than those
of the files themselves, with master/mistress maps held in triplicate
elsewhere by the owner or proprietor of said files. That at least one of
the three identical master/mistress maps be held at the domicile of 
said proprietor, well hidden, and in sanguine conditions.

That a secondary map be issued with the location of the primary map, such
that the secondary map provide a system of indirect addressing, in rela-
ton to the master/mistress maps and their varied locations, as well as 
the varied locations of the files in triplicate.

That the secondary map be issued in triplicate, pursuant to proper care 
and treatment of the metals or parchments, papers or vellums, granites or
plastics, upon which it is inscribed. That similar proper care or treat-
ment be applied to the master/mistress maps, which shall be held as well 
in proper shadow.

Finally: That after the Y2K Disturbance, henceforth known as the Distur-
bance, all such files be reassembled, for the purposes of reconstruction,
resurrection, and reconstitution of the following:

Jennifer      Tiffany      Timmy       Kon
Travis        Alan         Jenn        Big Al
Clara         Honey        Al          Jenny
Nikuko        Julu         Daishin Nikuko

We wish to thank you, now and after the Disturbance, for such service
rendered as you are competent and willing to fulfill, to the best of 
your capabilities.


