


Back, Channel


Sometimes you write me back and say, well, this is beautiful and I will
place it in my heart or website, and sometimes you will say, oh I love
this, I will use it in my lovely classroom and my students will love it
too. And sometimes you will say, oh your writing is too personal now, you
must move your writing and not be so personal! And sometimes you will say,
oh, who are you writing to, it is so personal, and I am so very jealous!
Or you will say, it sounds like you are offering yourself to just anyone!
Or you will say, it is too closed off and you are not offering yourself at
all and how can anyone answer you! Oh, and it is so perverse and my best
friend just died and you destroyed all my feelings because you are so per-
verse! Sometimes you will write me back and say, this is the perfect image
or whatever happened to your happiness or I will take care of you. And
sometimes you will wonder if I need taking care of, and I will write you
back, do please take care of me, but I will say it quietly and under my
breath, my fingertips, my body. Sometimes you will write and say why is
everything sexual with you, and sometimes you will ask if I am psychotic
or institutionalized, or if I am Jennifer or Julu, or if I am Nikuko, or
why are there all these women, and sometimes you will ask, where are the
men? And where are you?

Sometimes you will say you won't write me, and you will, or you will write
me, and you won't. Sometimes you say you are afraid, sometimes you say
Alan is afraid. Sometimes I am, sometimes I want to expose myself utterly
to you, sometimes withdraw. Sometimes there is a pause of days or years.
Sometimes you will write and say you cannot write. Sometimes you will
write about a beating or abuse, sometimes you will tell me what you would
like me to do, with you, with me, what you would like to do, with me, with
you. Sometimes you will not write, and I will write into you, filling the
air with my words. Sometimes you will make me write, and write, and write,
until my fingers are pained with the letters, wrists pained with the
words, arms with the sentences, minds with the sense of it. Sometimes you
will describe yourself, and ask me to describe me, fitting one or another
phrase on top of one or another phrase. You will ask me for a piece for
your e-zine, magazine, ask for an interview, for an essay for your e-book,
for your book. Sometimes you will send me an e-zine, send me an e-book, or
magazine or book, or writing or writings, sometimes you will ask for com-
ment. Sometimes you will send other things, you will send me images and
metal and cloth, sometimes you will ask for images, sometimes I will send
them, with your asking, without your asking.

Sometimes you write of your pain, disability, stress or terror, sometimes
I reply with my own, always hovering around the word-neurosis. Sometimes
you will make me feel that I no longer have to write, and there is a mom-
ent of gratitude which lasts forever. Sometimes you will write to dis-
suade, seduce, beg, evade, and sometimes I will write with the tiniest
opening, as if I didn't mean it, as if it didn't exist. Sometimes you will
write to flirt, or I will write to flirt, or I will write under erasure.
Sometimes you will offer me a speaking engagement or employment, and I
will be grateful forever, I will have the means to continue, and sometimes
you will write a letter of inquiry, are you my long lost friend, and I
will reply, yes it is that Alan, I am your long lost friend. Sometimes you
will become angry, sometimes you will write about my music or travel from
another life, or sometimes you will write about my film or videowork,
write about an article you have stumbled across. Sometimes you will write
hate into me, write about my stupidity, demand that I prove myself.

And sometimes you will not write, as if you have never written, and more
than ever, I will write furiously, dream nightmares, write all over my
body, write on walls, floors, ceilings. And sometimes you will know this
and write one last small note, that you are still alive, and an inquiry,
I.


