



[From a Letter - Feb. 14 1999]

I wish I knew where my Bourbaki books were - I used to have a lot of them,
the original french monographs - I might still have them somewhere in
Pennsylvania. Meanwhile, I have books on category theory here...

Someday when I have time, I want to _absolutely_ think this through - the
idea of the _mother_ in mother structure, foreclosing the referent in very
fundamental ways. I don't want to go in the direction of psychoanalytics
or gender, which I do quite often, but more towards the leakage of the
referent in relation to rigid designations - how structure devolves, in
fact, in relation to the real. How the real is simultaneously 'idiotic'
(Rosset) and a contamination - in relation to possible worlds - and at the
same time the _happenstance_ of those worlds vis-a-vis anthropic princi-
ples...

If I have time this summer, I'll tend in this direction - by examining the
phenomenology of category theory, say, in particular functors - and then
thinking this through structuration in general. Since 'Jennifer' and other
emanations I work with are, in fact, constituted - they are structured
both psychoanalytically and formally - I want to do a reverse engineering
in this regard.

All of this bounces off of, believe it or not, Piaget, who worked with a
group of mathematicians, thinking through logical stuctures in relation to
his structuralism per se. I want to explore this.

Then there is something I've also utilized (my The Structure of Reality
which I wrote years ago) - the Sheffer stroke, not-both-a-and-b and its
dual - which interested me more in relation to all of the above - neither-
a-nor-b. Out of these - which constitute the foundations of the proposi-
tional calculi - I developed, crudely, a phenomenology of neitherness -
and I want to work on this as well - all of these things interrelate. In
particular, neitherness, neither a nor b, throws the phenomenological mo-
ment out of the domain under consideration - the domain is distended or
ruptured - this I'd like to explore. I think of Jennifer-tentacles inte-
grating within my own psychoanalytical drives, and vice-versa, ignoring or
transgressing domains, etc. And I think of these bridges (similar to those
found in the cartoon Pinky and the Brain, by the way, which I watch for
inspiration) as providing _portal functors,_ say, for widely-varying onto-
logical/epistemological domains. By this time, all of this falls together
- the mother structures, ontologies, and so forth - and one ends up back
where Black in Information and the Brain considers the ontology and epis-
temology of information in terms of thinking and neurophysiology...

So there's Bourbaki, say, from above, and abjection - as well as proto-
cols, from below, and in between, pervading and churning throughout - the
_meat_ of organism (hence Nikuko, meat- or flesh- girl) as well as the
meat of organicism (where by the way von Foerster speaks of negation as
characteristic of organism - and negation is the fundmental substructure
of both the Sheffer stroke and its dual).


