



Note on slightly confused groping towards structure and sliding -


"A set _M_ for whose elements there is defined a finite sequence P of re-
lations R1, ... Rn, is called a _configuration_ M(P). The following rela-
tions are of particular importance: _correspondences,_ inner compositions,
non-elementary compositions, outer compositions, and composition-configur-
ation or _abstract algebra._ The automorphisms of a configuration (which
return the configuration to itself) form a group called the _automorphism
group of the configuration._ A set is made into a configuration by means
of defining relations; and we then say that the set carries a _structure._
In general, a configuration will carry various structures; for example, a
configuration of the rational numbers with the compositions of addition
and multiplication carries the structures of a ring, an integral domain,
and a field. One might try to find a 'comprehensive' structure from which
would follow all valid statements about this configuration. But re: Godel,
there cannot exist an axiom system of this sort that is finite or recur-
sively enumerable. We are dealing here with new points of view, from which
an attempt is made to survey the whole of mathematics." (Modified from
Some Basic Concepts for a Theory of Structure, by Gericke and Martens, in 
Fundamentals of Mathematics, Vol I, Foundations of Mathematics / The Real
Number System and Algebra, ed. Behnke, et. al.)

Now without going into the details (and I am at a loss with abstract al-
gebra), one can consider a set of elements which are signifiers - such
elements related by a series of formal statements such that the elements
exist _only_ in relation to such statements (which exhaust their charac-
teristics). Then one may create a _second_ mapping among such elements -
tagging them with an additional characteristic, which may be considered a
_proper name_ vis-a-vis the characteristics already assigned the elements
- for example, "body-without-organs" assigned to 0 as absorptive. These
_proper names_ may be concepts, ideas, even universals - they are proper
only insofar as they are assigned specific elements.

What then? We may assume that such proper names belong to a particular
domain - metaphysics, kabbalah, lit crit, decon, pomo, theology, etc.
Therefore there are a series of relations in dialog throughout the domain,
presumably crossing ontologies (real/abstract, etc.). The assignments or
tags then formalize that structure.

There are two interacting regimes - that of the domain, and that of the
structure. The former slides in relation to the latter; the latter is de-
fined in terms of universals (relations among elements which may be placed
into relation). While there are innumerable relations of structure, there
are relatively few simple ones (linkages, couplings, memberships). What I
am suggesting is that one might develop a psychoanalytical theory of such
structures (in the formal sense), and that there exists sliding among do-
mains in relation to such structures. Such sliding is similar to the con-
stitution of signifiers by difference - here, however, it is as if ref-
erents themselves were constituting differences which only exist within a
limited set of structures. We can consider this a structural economy of
signification. In this sense, what we are talking about and how we are
talking about what we are talking about - contaminate each other. The re-
sult is a reaffirmation of the problematic of (universal) meaning (vis-a-
vis postmodernism, say), and a greater emphasis on the phenomenology of
constituting/constitution (which does not necessarily imply conventional-
ism). So that, for example, to think through the domains of the material-
inert and the virtual - one might look for structures and their incorpor-
ations and contaminations, before one dismisses, say, consciousness, as
inhabiting either one or the other.


