




All My


L is sick, T put the cat away, C died, A is sick, L lives elsewhere, L
lives elsewhere, S lives elsewhere, C is sick, T lives elsewhere, E has
left, A lives elsewhere, J lives elsewhere, M was sick, M is out of touch,
N is out of touch, D has left, A is moody, J lives elsewhere, P lives
elsewhere, K is out of touch, M lives elsewhere, M lives elsewhere, M
won't talk to me, A is divorced, K dead, I won't see B until March, I
won't see L until March, L lives elsewhere, B lives elsewhere and is out
of touch, J is paranoid and exhausted, G periodically disappears, P is
completely out of touch, and S is glad I live here although she hasn't
seen me in years. Four strangers come down the street and pass me. There
are two strangers on the other side of the street. I hear three strangers
talking and laughing. I see two strangers in a take-out food place, one in
front of the counter and one behind. A bus passes me with thirty strangers
on it. There are two strangers passing me on the sidewalk walking the same
direction I am, but faster. I pass three strangers walking slower. There
are three strangers coming towards me and passing me. There is one
stranger repeatedly passing me. From my windows I see the couple next
door. From my other windows I see three small children four stories up.
From my other windows I see a computer screen and drawn shades. You are
all inside me. You are all part of me. You are all in my mind. None of you
are inside of me. You are all apart from me. I don't remember any of you.
I look you up, I look you down. I take you up, I take you down. I get you
up, I get you down. I bring you up, I bring you down. I feel you up, I
think you up, I touch you up. I fly you down, I walk you down, I talk you
down. You throw me up, you throw me down. You put me down, you put me up.
I see two children in strollers. I see a baby in a baby carrier. I see a
child in a car. I see three children in strollers. I see a tiny walking
child. I see a tiny child in a stroller.


