



Fugue of Structure


"At the center [of the mathematical universe] will be the main types of
structures, the _mother-structures_ one might say [...] Within each of
these structures a considerable diversity already regins, for one must
distinguish between the most general structure of the type considered,
with the fewest axioms, and the ones obtained by enriching it with 
additional axioms, each of which carries with it its harvest of new
consequences. Thus, the theory of groups, besides general statements
valid for all groups and depending only on the axioms stated above, in-
cludes a special theory of _finite_ groups [...] Besides this primary
core, structures appear which could be called _multiple,_ where two or
more mother-structures come into play at the same time, not simply
juxtaposed (which would yield nothing new), but organically _combined_
by one or more axioms which relate them." (from Nicolas Bourbaki, The
Architecture of Mathematics, in Great Currents of Mathematical Thought,
ed. F. LeLionnais, Volume I, Mathematics: Concepts and Development,
trans. from the French 1962 edition.) Bourbaki goes on to speak of 
forms, and the entire approach is redolent of organicism. So what I am
saying in relation to this: First, that there are extremely simple
structures which may be formally defined (I think of linkages and coup-
lings of course); second, that these structures are floating signifiers
in relation to the real - and that sememes (domains) within the real
float in relation to the structures; third, that structures are, as if
'naturally,' embedded within the real and the virtual (which are close
to indistinguishable, incoherent, coagulated, interpenetrated); fourth,
that meaning is constituting and constitutive in relation to domains;
fifth, that the relationship between domains and mother-structures is
in part psychoanalytical, and one may examine (among other, more for-
mal elements) the drives, etc. in relation to the _inertia_ of sliding
(creating, maintaining, defending the relationship between a part-
domain and a sub-object, say, within a mother-structure); and sixth,
that this sliding carries within it a radically subverting impulse, 
since it _requires_ maintenance, carrying within it the seeds or phen-
omenological horizon of a radical alterity that would dissolve it.


