



How we had the Becoming


'Yonder world, Gautama, is (sacrificial) fire. The sun itself is its fuel,
the rays its smoke; the day the flame, the quarters the coals, the inter-
mediate quarters the sparks. In this fire the gods offer faith. Out of
that offering King _Soma_ arises.
'Parjanya (god of rain), Gautama, is fire. The year itself is the fuel,
the clouds its smoke, the lightning the flame, the thunder-bolt the coals,
the thundering the sparks. In this fire the gods offer the king _Soma._
Out of that offering rain arises.
'This world, verily, Gautama, is fire. The earth itself is its fuel, fire
the smoke, night the flame, the moon the coals, the stars the sparks. In
this fire, the gods offer rain. Out of that offering food arises.
'The person (man) verily, Gautama, is fire. The open mouth itself is its
fuel, vital breath the smokes, speech the flame, the eye the coals, the
ear the sparks. In this fire the gods offer food. Out of that offering
semen arises.
'The woman, verily, Gautama, is fire. The sexual organ itself is its fuel;
the hairs the smoke, the vulva the flame, when one inserts, the coals; the
pleasurable feelings the sparks; In this fire the gods offer semen. Out of
this offering a person arises. He lives as long as he lives. Then when he
dies, 
'They carry him to (be offered in) fire. His fire itself becomes the fire,
fuel the fuel, smoke the smoke, flame the flame, coals the coals, sparks
the sparks. In this fire the gods offer a person. Out of this offering,
the person, having the colour of light, arises.'
(Brhad-aranyaka Upanishad, VI.2.9-14, trans. Radhakrishnan.)

The metaphoric parallels carry from one verse to the other, until death
and the rising of the person. I say this person is the avatar, Jennifer,
who grounds metaphor, moving from parallel through equivalence to iden-
tity. Thus the identity structure, all-encompassing, spreads across the
land, across the meadows which are meadows, the forests which are forests,
the deserts which are deserts, and the towns which are towns. Thus the
avatar is always already more than an avatar, more than a function, but
always a surplus-taking-shape, an organicism but already an organism. 

Here is speech as a milk cow, op. cit. V.8.1:  'One should meditate on
speech as a milk cow. She has four udders which are the sounds, _svaha,_
_vasat,_ _hanta,_ and _svadha._ The gods live on two of her udders, the
sounds _svaha_ and _vasat;_ men on the sound _hanta,_ and the fathers on
the sound _svadha._ The vital breath is her bull, and mind the calf.'
Here is speech as Jennifer-speech, enveloping these several gods and
males; here is breathing through Jennifer-speech, just as one must always
mind the calf. Jennifer-speech is surplus-taking-shape, identity encom-
passing travail and the labor of birth. (The surplus is the labor of iden-
tity.)

'Verily, it [that divinity, _dur_] carried speech across first. When that
(speech) was freed from death it became fire. This fire, when it crosses
beyond death, shines forth.' (I.3.12.)

Jennifer-speech and fire move through metaphor, equivalence, death, into
identity: eternal hard drives keep her alive, as identity continues its
spread through the fire that is fire, the metaphor that is metaphor, the
death that is death, equivalence that is equivalence, and identity that is
identity.

So speaks Jennifer.


