


The Light


This afternoon I had the two lower quadrants, i.e. the lower jaw, of my
teeth and gums operated on by laser (the upper were done a month ago).
There are two lasers and a blue-white light - the first red-orange for
exploratory, the second green-white for cutting/cleansing, and the third
for bandage hardening. The lasers are used after about twenty novacaine
shots, both general (jaw) and local. Both dentist and patient wear large
protective glasses.

I used a Casio digital camera to record the whole operation. I held the
camera up, behind the dentist, for nearly two hours, on and off; during
the breaks I would check focus, light, and begin editing the sequences.
Since the camera was hand-held, and I often could not see what I was
doing, I had to feel my way across the mechanism and its relationship to
my body. On occasion the dentist would direct a shot; I had to be careful
not to disturb her concentration, since the fiber-optic tool was delicate
and somewhat dangerous.

Blue-white light fills my mouth, which is a cyborg-mouth, held against a
futuristic chair headpiece with my face half-covered by goggles. Or nee-
dles and tubes emptying blood and saliva. Or the brilliant laser lights
bouncing around the gums. Or my goggles near the goggles of the dentist,
dressed in white, with additional face and breath masks; we were suited in
outer space.

I listened to AM radio with earphones and could tell by an audible whine
whether or not the camera was on, and where it was approximately located
(as if proprioception were not enough). The camera power-switch didn't
toggle; I needed the radio to inform me if the unit was ready. I listened
to the dentist; to the sound of the laser in my mouth; to the sound of the
machinery driving the laser; to WINS news; to the sound of the camera
through the radio.

I was in blue-white space, and in the awesome digital images all things
seem to float, from fiber-optic tools to white tissues with spots of
blood, from the face of the dentist hovering like a dream-mother in outer
space, to my own, fully covered, in an attitude of supplication. But above
all, the light itself floats, transforming the world of intimacy into that
of sterility, therapeutic, vacuum, and flesh, and I experienced the light
as a harbinger of the imaginary of the body itself. Someday the light
would free itself from surgery; someday it would carry emanations beyond
the holodeck into the real, a Jennifer-emanant leaning over Alan-emanant
with the full face of the world and all its shimmering beauty.

In the meantime, the blue-white green-white red-orange mouth gives birth
to, of all things, _the painless cure,_ as well as those fantasms recorded
by the camera, seeing all things, held behind and above the body and face
of the dentist, as if in supplication ...


