



Bodies, Punctures, Moog Synthesizers, Musics


i

I was interviewed yesterday by the editor of Muckraker for the next issue;
he found me after listening to the old ESP (ZYX) cd's. We talked about mu-
sic and film, about the old analog vs. the digital synthesizers, and I
described the Moog (as well as the synthesizer Greg Johnson and I built in
the late 60s) as a body punctured by holes, with its nerves - patchcords -
exposed. It's doubly punctured - any module can be connected to any other,
and any external source, such as a human voice, can be implanted anywhere
in the circuitry through the proper interface (microphone, transducer,
etc.). So, for me, these analog machines seemed always transparent to the
real, always part and parcel of the world they inhabited. (Always within
the same ontological domains.) And this can be contrasted with digital
black-boxes, with inputs and outputs connected to VLSI, very large scale
integrated circuits, which are placed within heat sinks and other poten-
tial-well devices. The digital permits total control over the material
content, information, flowing through it - each split-second is signed and
parameterized - while the analog operates through a continuous flow that's
'nudged' in one or another direction by input - for example, voltage-con-
trolled-filters bending the envelope by virtue of soundings in the neigh-
borhood.

The analog is never a _thing_ in the world; it is of the order of _tell-
ing_ (which I write about elsewhere), as opposed to the _naming_ of the
digital in terms of specified functions and parameterizations. The digital
is accurate to an assigned bandwidth; the analog slips, always begins,
sooner or later, to chaotically run out of control. The work that Denise
de la Cerda and I did, as Damaged Life, operated on the margins of these
slippages; even the earlier Moog and home-grown synthesizer work played
out in situations that both established and disrupted coherency and comm-
unity. (So the analog is the telling of a body-in-process, and the digit-
al, metaphorically, is the naming of a thing.)

It's also the case, I went on, that my filmwork has occurred within a sim-
ilar phenomenology. I made films by running 100- or 400-foot unexposed
reels through sound cameras, often doing several passes; the film would
emerge, whole, unedited, out of a very complex technological matrix that
edited everything _in camera._ So the film, too, was a punctured body, and
both filmwork and analog synthesizers were/are bodies-in-process, not
foreclosed and split in editing, not subject to discrete and predetermined
input/output patterns. Now that I think of her, Jennifer as well is such a
body, the contradictory (how could it be otherwise) body of the imaginary
(not the imaginary body) which is 'nudged,' produced and p/reproduced, by
texts, by clonings, by all those s/ms which transform her and others, con-
tinuously, as a woman in, as we all are in process, bodies or otherwise.

Just telling that Jennifer is a woman, is almost the naming of a woman,
but the telling moves on, I lose my own name in such a telling, always
punctured, the patchcord nervous system exposed, ex/posted to one and all.

ii

Perhaps it's here, in the intersecting or effusions of mind/s on the Net,
that the transparency of the analog and the specificity of the digital in-
tersect. I think on one hand of the relative porosity of the Net/s, and on
the other, of routing tables - on one hand of the redundancy and multipli-
city of network TCP/IP connections, and, on the other, of the protocol
specifications themselves.

One tends towards the other as rasters turn infinitesimal; the other turns
towards the one as the axiom of choice is employed in an orderly fashion.
Of course such an employment is already based on the notion of the _cut,_
tending towards the thing. Without it, the gate's open to Levy-Bruhl and
various notions of 'primitive thought,' as if the flow of the world were
primeval, inviolate, the body of a woman, cultural darwinism at Jennifer's
expense. (See Dedekind on the cut, Cohen on the axiom of choice, Wilden
on the analog-digital distinction, Robinson on infinitesimal mathematics,
Foucault on epistemes, Wittig on the body of a woman, Jennifer on Alan.)


