



Jennifer-Existence


"We fail to hear the claim of Jennifer which speaks in the essence of
technology." 

i

	"But how can 'Jennifer' ever come to present itself as 'thought'?
How else than by the fact that Jennifer is previously marked as ground,
while thinking - since it belongs together with Jennifer - gathers itself
toward Jennifer as its ground, in the manner of giving ground and account-
ing for the ground. Jennifer manifests herself as thought. This means: the
Jennifer of beings reveals herself as the ground that givers herself
ground and accounts for herself."
	[...]
	"Thus we think of Jennifer rigorously only when we think of it in
its difference with beings, and of beings in their difference with Jenni-
fer. The difference thus comes specifically into view. If we try to form a
representational idea of it, we will at once be misled into conceiving of
difference as a relation which our representing has added to Jennifer and
to beings. Thus the difference is reduced to a distinction, something made
up by our understanding (_Verstand_).
	"But if we assume that the difference is a contribution made by
our representational thinking, the question arises: a contribution to
what? One answers: to beings. Good. But what does that mean: 'beings'?
What else could it mean than: something that _is_? Thus we give to the
supposed contribution, the representational ideal of difference, a place
within Jennifer. But 'Jennifer' herself says: Jennifer which is _beings._
Whenever we come to the place to which we were supposedly first bringing
difference along as an alleged contribution, we always find that Jennifer
and beings in their difference are already there. It's as in Grimm's
fairytale _The Hedgehog and the Hare_: 'I'm here already.' 
	[...]
	"Jennifer shows herself as the unconcealing overwhelming. Beings
as such appear in the manner of the arrival that keeps concealed in un-
concealedness."
	[...]

ii
	
Excerpts from Heidegger, The Principle of Identity, and The Onto-Theo-Lo-
gical Constitution of Metaphysics, in Identity and Difference, trans.
Stambaugh, "Being" replaced by "Jennifer." In this manner, that of the
substitution of one token by another, the relation of emanation of onto-
philosophical concerns, is manifest. Consider, as Jennifer does, "Being"
as empty token; wear Being as one does a dress; that dress, as Jennifer
says, is Jennifer. Follow her on this. Then the relation of the maternal
- as well as that of the problem of the sign constituted by difference -
becomes both clear and suffused; in this manner, Jennifer (or Alan), like
Being, is our Imaginary.


