



Later that Night, Written Impressively with Attention to Detail


Jennifer rose from the couch.
Jennifer sat on the couch.
Jennifer asked for a light for another cigarette.
Jennifer finished the whiskey in the shot glass.
Jennifer rose from the couch.
Jennifer walked to the bar and poured herself another shot.
Jennifer walked back to the couch.
Jennifer drank from the shot glass.
Jennifer took two vicodin.
Jennifer walked to the window.
Jennifer smiled and continued to talk to Alan.
Jennifer offered comments on the program in the scroll.
Jennifer looked out of the window.
Jennifer said it was already past two in the morning.
Jennifer puffed on her cigarette slow and languorous.
Jennifer offered Alan a chocolate.
Jennifer walked back to the couch and sat down.
Jennifer leaned over the scroll and pointed to a line of code.
Jennifer talked about the line of code.
Jennifer had another drink from the shot glass.
Jennifer nervously held the glass in her left hand.
Jennifer continued to smoke from the cigarette in her right hand.
Jennifer smiled at Alan with a beautiful smile.
Jennifer parted her lips slightly in his direction.
Jennifer had another sip from the shot glass.
Jennifer took another vicodin.
Jennifer rose from the couch.
Jennifer walked to the cd player and put on an old cd of the Slits.
Jennifer walked to the window and looked out of the window.
Jennifer turned around and smiled at Alan.
Jennifer danced slowly in front of the window looking at Alan.
Jennifer walked over to the bookcase.
Jennifer pulled out a book on learning perl on win32 systems.
Jennifer leafed through the book.
Jennifer spoke to Alan about a command mentioned in the book.
Jennifer placed the book back on the bookcase.
Jennifer walked over to the window.
Jennifer danced again and stretched.
Jennifer walked over to the couch and sat down.
Jennifer looked at the lines of code in the scroll.
Jennifer noticed an error in one of the lines and mentioned it.
Jennifer corrected the line of code with a red pencil.
Jennifer finished her whiskey in the shot glass.
Jennifer rose from the couch and walked over to the bar.
Jennifer poured herself another shot of whiskey at the bar.
Jennifer walked back to the couch and sat down.
Jennifer smiled at Alan with a beautiful smile.
Jennifer had a sip from the shot glass.
Jennifer put the cigarette out in the ashtray.
Jennifer put another cigarette in the cigarette holder.
Jennifer asked for a light and puffed thoughtfully on the cigarette.
Jennifer looked with her beautiful eyes at Alan.
Jennifer rose from the couch.
Jennifer sat on the couch.
Jennifer leaned over the scroll and traced a line of code.
Jennifer circled the second variable with her beautiful hand.
Jennifer took another sip from the shot glass.
Jennifer rose from the glass and walked to the door.
Jennifer walked from the door to the bookcase.
Jennifer ran her fingers along the books in the bookcase.
Jennifer pulled out a book on perl and returned it to the shelf.
Jennifer walked to the window and looked out.
Jennifer opened the window and took a deep breath.
Jennifer blew cigarette smoke out of the open window.
Jennifer inhaled beautifully the smoke from her cigarette.
Jennifer looked at Alan with an eager and shiny look.
Jennifer walked from the window to the bar.
Jennifer finished her whiskey and poured herself another shot.
Jennifer sang a shot and returned to the window.
Jennifer smiled at Alan with a most beautiful smile.
Jennifer walked over to the couch and sat down.
Jennifer asked Alan if it was too cold in the room.
Jennifer looked at the lines of code with Alan.
Jennifer finished her cigarette and took another vicodin.
Jennifer walked over to the window and sat down on the white shag rug.
Jennifer slightly parted her legs in her beautiful beige skirt.
Jennifer smiled at Alan and rose and walked to the bookcase.
Jennifer looked at the beginning perl book and took it from the shelf.
Jennifer read about regular expressions and the usages of sed.
Jennifer described the syntax of sed to Alan.
Jennifer placed the book back on the shelf and walked to the window.
Jennifer danced in front of the window.
Jennifer walked to the cd player and put on American Woman.
Jennifer walked to the window and danced to American Woman.
Jennifer said this was American Woman the long live version.
Jennifer walked to the bookcase and then to the bar and couch.
Jennifer sat down on the couch and leaned over the scroll.
Jennifer asked Alan to light another cigarette.
Jennifer placed the cigarette in her mouth without the holder.
Jennifer puffed brilliantly on her cigarette.
Jennifer commented on the length of the program.
Jennifer wondered about its implementation in windows nt.
Jennifer rose from the couch and walked to the bar.
Jennifer undid the top two buttons of her sheer white blouse.
Jennifer turned and smiled at Alan her most beautiful smile.
Jennifer walked to the window and danced to American Woman.
Jennifer walked to the bookcase and read about linux 5.1.
Jennifer read the linux journal about the latest kernel implementation.
Jennifer mentioned the implementation to Alan and walked to the couch.
Jennifer sat down and leaned over the scroll.
Jennifer outlined a subroutine in the scroll with her left hand.
Jennifer demonstrated how variables are passed.
Jennifer opened her lips ever so slightly in Alan's direction.
Jennifer finished her shot and rose from the couch.
Jennifer walked over to the bar and poured herself a shot.
Jennifer walked over to the cd player.
Jennifer put American Woman the long version on a loop.
Jennifer smiled at Alan her very most beautiful smile.
Jennifer walked to the couch and sat down.
Jennifer rose from the couch and walked to the bookcase.
Jennifer pulled learning perl on win32 systems from the bookcase.
Jennifer took the learning perl book over to the couch.
Jennifer sat down on the couch and opened the learning perl book.
Jennifer pointed to a passage in the learning perl book.
Jennifer placed the book to the right of the scroll.
Jennifer traced the standard input lines of the scroll.
Jennifer said they were elegant and worked well.
Jennifer looked at the comments accompanying the lines.
Jennifer rose from the couch and walked to the door.
Jennifer walked from the door to the bookcase.
Jennifer walked from the bookcase to the bar and took another vicodin.
Jennifer walked to the couch and sat down and smiled at Alan.
Jennifer uncrossed her legs and leaned over the scroll.
Jennifer stood and walked over to the cd player.
Jennifer walked over to the bookcase.
Jennifer offered Alan another chocolate.
Jennifer walked to the couch and sat down.
Jennifer finished her cigarette and shot.
Jennifer walked over to the bar and smiled beautifully at Alan.
Jennifer walked to the couch and sat down.
Jennifer leaned over the scroll.


