



Jennifer with Dialog so Real you can Taste it


Jennifer tossed her head to one side, smiling at Alan. She was wearing a
sheer blouse, and her long dark lustrous hair swayed in the breeze. You
could almost see a pearl gleaming between her perfect teeth. Her beige
skirt was short, her black stockings visible above her boots, and a thin
line of creamy flesh just above them, flushed with blood in his direction.

Jennifer's fingernails were painted red, and that smile, accompanied by
long fingers holding a shot glass, brought him no end of delight. That
light purple rouge of hers on her high cheekbones! The blue-black high-
lights in her hair! Her full lips were slightly parted in his direction,
as she said in that rich southern voice of hers, "Hello, Alan."

Her left hand, holding the black patent vinyl level purse with chrome
clasp, placed the said object on the transparent glass coffee-table, as if
it were the most precious purse in the world. Jennifer so delightfully
held her tortoise-shell cigarette holder in his direction, a cigarette
inserted and begging for a light as she said, "Do you have a match?" and
Alan, trembling, complied. She blew smoke in his direction, while he won-
dered how they were going to complete the perl program. "I'll close the
window," said Jennifer, and she walked slowly across the thick white shag
carpet to the open window twenty stories up. With a deft movement of her
right wrist, she wound the window shut and the room began to grow warmer
as the motion of the air began to slow except for the slight stirrings of
breath in the room.

"Now, as you were saying," Jennifer continued, her ravishing onyx brace-
lets dangling from her wonderful wrists. She cocked her pretty ears with
matching earrings, to each other, and to the bracelet, in his direction,
as if she were hanging on his every word. Walking over to the sumptuous
couch, Jennifer's smile grew with every instant step. The beautiful glass
chandelier had many tiny bulbs, throwing multiple shadows of Jennifer's
long neck on the cream-colored plaster ceiling. Her perfect breasts were
encased in her blouse with a brassiere so her nipples didn't show while
her hips swayed as she sat down next to Alan, waiting to begin.

She carefully unraveled the scroll with the perl program that was many
sheets long, but rolled up in an interesting way and tied with yellow and
blue ribbons, to which she said that she liked craft with her technology.
"Oh Alan," said Jennifer, "this is so beautiful, what the program does and
all the lines and the way it's written." She smiled and her rich pouting
lips opened in his direction. Her nails carefully held the blue and yellow
ribbons apart while she moved pages from the more rolled end of the scroll
to the lesser end. The beautiful ebony wooden handles looked wonderful in
her perfectly formed fingers, her cuticles visible through the beautiful
polish upon them, reflecting the myriad lights of the chandelier. The
myriad lights looked red as they were reflected from her sumptuous red
nail polish perfectly applied to her beautiful nails.

She carefully placed the cigarette in the ashtray with the burning end
down and touching the colorful ceramic floor representing eagles above
trees, of the expensive object, with the holder dangling over the trans-
parent glass of the coffee-table, at the other end. She turned slightly,
her pouting lips drinking from the expensive crystal shot glass holding
her whiskey as she continued to study the program. "Well Alan," she shot
back to him, "what do you think of this beautiful program which I like a
great deal?" Her soulful eyes like full moons with plaintive cries were
opened in his direction, looking as wonderful as the blue-black highlights
in her dark black long hair. She was looking so intelligent and curious
about this perl program that was in the scroll that was no at least partly
unrolled.

Jennifer placed her head back on the edge of the sumptuous couch with her
lips slightly parted like red and open lips in his direction. "Well, Alan,
let us relax," she said as she slithered in her amazing beige skirt across
the floor to the bookcase to pull down with her long slender fingers the
programming perl book that she had used for the help she had needed before
she had rolled up the scroll with the program upon it, that she was show-
ing him. She was so clear that she was proud of her programming tricks,
her bracelet flashing in the light of myriad chandelier bulbs in his di-
rection. Jennifer looked forward to a wonderful evening, and she said, in
an amazingly soft and lustrous voice, "Thank you for lighting my cigarette
and looking after my drink." Her beautiful legs were visible on the sofa
with black stockings and books pointed in his direction.


