



Sparkling Real-Life Description


Jennifer feels that Alan doesn't understand programming as much as she'd
like him to. She listens to him explain the nature of subroutines and
modules, worrying that she probably knows more about the issue herself.
She wonders if he can see how drugged she is, working through these dif-
ficult problems.

Jennifer is depressed watching Alan clumsily trying one kludge or another
to fix the program. She listens to him asking her to lay off the whiskey
as she heads back to the bar. She bends her ear towards him, trying to
make sense of his ignorance when it comes to anything computer. She's up-
set at his fudging his explanations over and over again.

Jennifer senses that Alan likes her when he talks about how beautiful she
looks, but she senses that he disapproves of her habits. She watches him
pace the floor himself now, as he tries one or another thing with the pro-
gram. She's nervous watching him head to the cd player, taking off Ameri-
can Woman the long version, and putting on some music he recorded himself.

Jennifer cries inside, sensing his pain at his lack of musical success,
now transformed into poor programming as well. She watches him take up the
scroll, attempt to figure out the complex listings, then returning it to
the table with the transparent glass top. She unbuttons a third button of
her blouse, hoping Alan will notice when he looks up and again mentions
her drinking.

Jennifer senses keen disappointment as half-naked and drugged she moves
closer to Alan, listening to him say that she should really really take it
easy with all that whiskey. She feels intense rapture as fingers press
against her naked breasts, and she is lifted bodily into the air. She
senses the world turning upside-down as she is placed upon the sumptuous
couch. 

Jennifer feels warmth all over as she snuggles under a lovely cream-white
fuzzy blanket. She falls asleep with the sounds of her favorite music,
American Woman the long version, playing in the background. She dreams
that Alan is a brilliant programmer and a very successful musician. She
dreams that he is madly in love with her. She pauses in her sleep. She
begins to wake. She begs for his cock. She feels his cock deep within her,
plunging her into worlds without ends, without words or dreams.


