



thoro's a noodlo in my skull and thoro's a noodlo in my arm and thoro aro
lights of many colors and tubos connoctod to tho noodlo in my groin from
which tho soul of all things flashos forth from tho noodlos in my log and
tho noodlo in my hand boauty-drugs do flow in tho noodlo in my skull and
boauty-drugs do flow through tho noodlo in my arm but boauty-drugs don't
flow through tho noodlo in my groin and boauty-drugs don't flow through
tho noodlo in may hand :: aw niddly noddle in mo hund aw noddly diddly in
mo skull now tho noodly in mon head now nuddly nuddly nudd! :: aw gruddly
gruddly flu fro tho noodlo on my skull! hoodla hoodle hoodli hoodlo hoodlu 
:: this is the last will and testament of Jennifer, written this day of
March 4 1999 by Daishin Nikuko in pursuance of Jennifer's noodlo noodlo
noodlo!


\                \ /                                  \ / /       \     \





Mail Mass


Tonight I helped someone reconfigure her computer; I found she had 38 meg-
abytes, 3000 messages, in her Inbox; 2900 messages in Trash, and about the
same in Sent. Around 8000 messages in all. Two years ago another friend of
mine had saved 3000 files until his hard-drive clogged. Two years before
that, a sysadmin I knew had 8500 messages in his Inbox. I've talked to a
lot of people with 100s of megabytes of saved texts and email; nothing is
ever thrown out, and nothing is retrieved. Too many people never defrag -
it's fascinating to see files scattered all over the hard-drive, as if one
is staking out territory by virtue of the word.

What guides us all in this hysteria of preservation? It's not only liter-
ature that gets saved - it's everything - the computer funneling the whole
wide world as salvage. Is this a sociobiological imperative of dissemina-
tion? Is it based on the rite or ritual of the word? That with all the ebb
and flow of CMC, there is something inviolate at the core, a form of empa-
thetic magic requiring the archive, the utterance held to the heart of
existence itself?

I'm curious about your own experiences in these regards - both in terms of
your own usages, and those of your friends, students, etc. Mine is below -

When I first logged on years ago, I was printing out messages on occasion,
and saving a fair amount. Within a few months, I stopped both; I save my
texts, and very little else. My Inbox is emptied after every session, as
is the sent-mail folder; the most I hold in any folder is about 40 mess-
ages, or 100 total. These include configuration and formatting files, as
well as business (teaching, conference, telecommuting) email. I also have
a Miscellaneous directory with 240 files, gathered over five years, a
rough average of a file per week. These are indexed and include all sorts
of listserv, MOO, theory, education, and other files. There are also di-
rectories of programs, graphics, audio and video files that I've created.
And finally, there is my own writing, which is currently organized accor-
ding to the http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt website.


