



seventh and eighth months


well, we were so simple then, you wouldn't believe it. we lived in these
really rude huts and we counted on our fingers and we had very few of
these of course, so our rude herds were small. sometimes we'd talk to each
other and make up stories about how great the world was. well, we'd look
up at the moon and go wow a lot, but we wouldn't actually say wow, we had
very crude words then. well, this just seemed to go on and on and there
were these long insects. we used to say, well, we're living in these rude
huts somewhere or other. we used to say, well, these are very rude times.

well, we noticed that things came around again and the moon kept changing
in a regular way. then we noticed that river over there and the hill on
the other side. well, there was the stream too and the women's huts by the
stream. we did things when the moon had three times come and gone. well,
we noticed other things coming and going and every so often a lot of long
insects. well, we had these periods of three moons coming and going, but
the months kept swelling and dying, they'd come and go. well, we wondered
who made the months like that, and then we saw that the moon did but the
months became all jagged after a while. this is hard to tell, it's such a
shame. then we told them we could fix the months, untie them, free them up
a little, that we could get them away from the moon which was making a
mess of everything, including the harvest and the hunting by this time.
you can't have a hunting when you don't have a mating, and who knew when
that was, with the months and all so tied up. like when the animals
finally did their dance or like when the flowers came out. well, we did a
lot of work then and the months became something else, we called it the
harmony and still do. now we've got the harmony and the moon is angry and
there's a whole lot of trouble over that, fire and floods and famine. if
not the moon, it's the months, and if not the months, it's the moon, so we
dance and sing and play stuff late into the night, make culture and all,
and it seems to help. well, at least we're still here between the hill and
the river.

