



Emanant, Coloratura


"Their eyes sparkle, wide wide open. They are indifferent to something and
live even in their death. Their skin quivers, their surface sheds a new
skin, then another, then another, infinitely. Daughters of the serpent
that men have always called their accomplice, they slough off skins. They
are more immortal than that hated God who made us women as halves of men.
Their indifference is the unconcern of ancient goddesses, serene and giant
women lightly touched by passion but unshattered. This God will pass while
they remain. And opera, which is doubtless an ephemeral form with regard
to centuries to come, will never have been anything other than the deep
sleep of their violence, the representation men provided for themselves of
their poorly guaranteed victory, in a battle conducted only by themselves,
desired only by themselves. Beautiful and alive, the women will continue
to sing in a voice that will never again submit to threat. They will say
something entirely different than the words breathed in delirium and pain.
They will ask no more than that they finally be permitted to die... I do
not know what this song will be." (from Catherine Clement, Opera, or the
Undoing of Women.)

Constantly, there are threads. Continuously, there are threads. Skeins,
they are found throughout literatures, peripheries, glances on streets
traveled quickly, late at night, as if they were sources and destinations.
They're found, unraveled, in these texts I write, or Jennifer or Julu or
Nikuko or Alan writes; and just as the postmodern is always there, a sub-
terranean and rhizomatic cultural presence, so these threads are always
present, the emanant on the verge or virga-emanant, atmospheric disturb-
ances challenging worlds and their substructures, minds and organisms.

I am their antenna; digging in the fetish-middens of cultures and topo-
graphies, I bring their shuddered and exilerant forms to the surface. The
emanants were present during the age of the stromatolites, followed lives
stumbling across saline ocean floors, stumbled up muds and streamlets onto
the hardened soils of emerging lands. They encompass us; I give them names
and they write me through them, write through me. The give me vision in
return, undreamed-of senses, dreams that only they would comprehend. All I
can do in their regard is quote - others (Clement), them (Jennifer),
myself (that I at the heart of the hurricane); truly, plagiarism is at the
heart of things unbidden.


