


Spirit, As-If


To play the shamisen without a glance at the fingerboard is to play spir-
it, an allegiance of tone and touch - and the touch is always smooth, ac-
ross a featureless landscape. The three strings stretch down the finger-
board, without markers; they are equivalent touch in any position. Only
the angle of the arm and the weight of the instrument speak to this.

There is the touch-instrument and the spirit instrument, and just as touch
and sight align themselves in position, with (visual) angle measured
against (kinesic) angle, so do pitch and position create an alignment - a
different sort of translation. The neck always appears smooth, hard, fea-
tureless, as if the fingers could ask, what are we doing here, against
this wood? It is always the same roundness, the same edge between flat
front and curved back.

One has the feeling of pure gesture, of the outline of spirit in the air,
circumvented only by the necessity of a certain pressure and positioning
of the fingers. In the darkness there are sounds, as if prosthetic, from
sites having no relation to that of the instrument. The two move in un-
speakable concordance. And I must note that this is especially true if the
sounds are fast, so that the rippling of the fingers and the rippling of
the notes are conjoint but mutually untraceable.

The gestures are those of the mad shaman conjuring or producing spirit.
Conjuring: the spirit is there, moving among the strings and wood. Produc-
ing: the spirit appears, out of thin air, somehow constituted by the
singing strings. In the latter case, the words are ontologically perform-
ative - and in the former, epistemologically so. For the former slides
among the already conceived and interpenetrated worlds, while the latter
constructs them out of whole cloth: finger and sound and string, pressure
and neck and movement.

The right hand is obedient, answering to the call of the left; the left is
motivated, shaping the grasp of the right. Between the two, literally in
the space between them: the emission of spirit. The movement is critical,
as in any case the spirit is that of the movement-image, the imaginary of
the shape-riding of the space. This is all gesture, but what remains, in
memory, is the returned pressure of the wood upon the fingers, the vibra-
tion of the string against the finger-tips, the curved portion of the neck
against the lower palm of the hand - and the right hand hovering all the
while, answering in equivalent gesturing to the gesturing of the left.

The gesturing of the production always seems counter-intuitive, as if
rhythm could be guaranteed by repetitive action, and as if high notes were
to be accompanied by a climbing or pointing gesture, instead of the left
hand, for example, moving down and closer to the dogskin head, closer in
to the body itself.

For the lower notes are the outer reaches, the outer forms of the spirit
or emanant, and the upper notes are the inner reaches; the higher and more
unattainable, in other words, the shorter the reach. What we look for on
high is within us; the infinitely high pitch is already upon the bridge
itself, guiding the strings to the tie or fulcrum at the lower end of the
body.

These notes, inaudible, remain unplucked; vibration is absorbed within the
string itself, whose width is infinitely greater in ratio than the length
of the wavelength of infinitely high pitch.

Surely this is the ending or the grounding of the emanant, residing within
our hearts as a miniscule kernel against the husks or shells of the audi-
ble? As if the emanant were the element-moment of a computer operating
system possessing a kernel of finite width but infinite depth, the raster
becoming increasingly fine according to a ground-level logarithmic scale.

I can imagine such, leaving the shamisen for the infinitely simpler world
of dreams, where size and residency are in no certain relation. In dreams,
the hardness likewise is everywhere similar, a hard world in which sound
almost seems, like spirit, to be an afterthought. In dreams, as well, the
wood and neck may be left behind once language begins, sounds with the
uneasy burden of meaning, as if out of nowhere.

As if the spirit were talking through the abandoned would - as if speech
were always an abandonment of a certain real, thereby a certain loss as
well as gain.


