



the little train


one publisher tried to take my book out of production, saying no one would
read it. one publisher reneged. one publisher paid for, but didn't bring
out a second book, because it was too expensive. one publisher probably
jumped up and down but I wasn't there. I was one publisher. one publisher
lied and kept me on hold forever, doing nothing. one publisher defended my
articles. one publisher is very kind. one publisher is very evil. one pub-
lisher had his files destroyed because the typesetters found my work ob-
scene. one publisher never sent me copies. one publisher destroyed my cat-
alogs. two publishers are my closest friends. one publisher died. one pub-
lisher was wonderful and worked with the book. one publisher had his files
returned and had to find a new printer. one publisher was wonderful with
terrific production values. one publisher produced chapbooks with amazing
speed and gusto. one publisher required the subtending of the book. one
publisher is on hold. one publisher wore slippers. one publisher found me
a nuisance. one publisher found me easy to work with. one publisher won't
speak to me. one publisher welcomes me with open arms. one publisher found
my old cd's and interviewed me on the phone. I almost fell in love with
one publisher. one publisher published without permission. one publisher
stole my work. one publisher sent me a contract stating my work would
belong to one publisher forever. one publisher rearranged my texts. one
publisher did not.

or intense dust, the long and languorous road to suffocation, always dif-
ficult to breathe. or filtering through the airconditioned technology of
distributions: records, tapes, magazines, anthologies, chapbooks, mono-
graphs. or the sorriest of accounts in a certain coming-into-being. or
violent and unmitigated jealousies, nightmares, smashed dreams of fame and
fortune. or symptomatic of a closet and impure personality. or the submer-
ging of the jewel of talent. or the righteous suppression of the mediocre.
or neglect or perseverance. one publisher never answered. one publisher
refused to answer or return the work. one publisher would if one publisher
could.


