



my heart


on noontime tuesday, eating lunch, then I found a scrap of paper towel
in my pocket, having used it for cleaning, so I left it on the plate
when I left, it had, there was, an image of an embroidered heart on it.
immediately I thought of a forest clearing and embroidery going on, how
there would be singular labor in the production of hearts, each
slightly different from the others. well then, I thought, look at this,
there's a throw-away heart sitting in the middle of the plate,
it's imprinted, it's tied to capital, it has no history, none at all,
a token among thousands of others on the role, each equivalent
to the others. what is this capital, I continued to think, that makes
tokens of the world, this one heart in the forest would have been
a heart of labor, craft, it might not have looked like this at all,
it might have had to have been learned, the technique and the dyeing
involved. capital makes equivalence everywhere, and the sociologists'
notion of 'a stranger in the city' now really encompasses all the
attributes of living, every interstice of culture, one might almost say,
the scaffolding of the world. and each heart, cauterized, stamped out,
equivalent, not only to every other heart, but every other image,
representation, ornament, object, commodity - each heart is lost in
history's absence; the lineage of the world is broken, discarded, ready
only for next year's models. by now, that heart is ash or landfill. 
I think of Anne Frank or other symbolic 'sinks' carrying the weight
of a world's destruction; in a sense, every object mimics every other, 
no object is unto itself, if ever any were. caught within commodity and
skein, every one gives quantity to every other; every one guarantees the
measure of all success. thus the world subordinates to ordinals, the heart
becomes a token of depression, what catalyzes memory and the deep 
mesmeric antiquity of signs. now we stare at emblems, noticing techniques 
of embossing, polishing, plating, preservation, and distribution. every 
written word is one or another, every utterance disappearing on the plate,
etched and aligned with stamped embroidered heart. so depression may 
as well token a return to an imagined primordial space, where a hearth
moves through flames from ember to ash, stoked in repetition; it is not
ever there, and the scrap of paper towel, non-existent, as if the world
were made of only fallen. depression, too, is fallen; the world is that
which reigns and rains, until one sleeps, one's closed eyes showing only
darkness.


