


The Best Writer


I want to be the best writer.
I am creating the language of the third millennium.
It's a language that resides on any other language.
It lives within any other language.
  It is a combination of water from hair upside-down representing
  a baby being born or water rushing out, therefore to flow.
It's always been there and I have drawn it out.
It moves the other language, it moves it.
It makes you stand up and take notice.
Sometimes it makes things and sometimes things make it.
  It's formed from a hole which is a combination of a cover
  and an opening in the cover plus a carpenter's square or
  work or labor, therefore making a hole, or the sky.
I am a pioneer in the writing of this new language.
You don't understand how I comprehend this new language.
I work towards and through unheard-of forms.
These forms have never been seen or heard-of on this earth.
  It's formed from a combination of sword, cow, and horn,
  thus representing the cutting of a cow's horn, therefore
  to solve or set free.
I push forms and forget forms and shatter forms and convene.
Words astonish in my writing full of wonder.
Now every word I write breaks down barriers.
It is as if there were barriers and frontiers.
Perhaps I am farther than barriers and frontiers.
  It's a combination of water and man withdrawing, or a man
  drawing back and the concept of an isolated island surrounded
  by water, thus an island confining someone, preventing him
  from escaping, or the rule holding a man back, therefore
  regulation.
Now every word I write moves the frontiers.
The frontiers nestle against the words and rhythms of my writing.
The frontiers are transparent like transparent clothes covering you.
I can see everything, everything.
  It's a combination of a hard wooden frame and a marked pattern,
  thus a pattern of figures, therefore a shape or figure.
I can make it all happen.
I can make it happen.
Now this is what happens in the third millennium.
In the fourth millennium I'll be dreaming this.
  It's formed from a wooden frame, a sword, and soil, thus it's a
  mold, therefore a model to be depended on, a type or a form.
In the year three thousand, you won't have to look for me.
I'll be you and all of us.
My language is the future of language and the future of writing. 
Our inconceivable language and future and mind.
  It's formed from a shell held with both hands, thus a vessel or
  implement, therefore to exist in a completed state, to really
  exist, to be equipped, to be there or fully present.


