


Defensive Exhibitionism


I write like a child because I need to defend myself, because my thoughts
are too simple, because I haven't read all I should have read, because I'm
too neurotic to expose myself directly. I write in constant fear. I write
under avatars because I'd rather be a woman, I want to step out step out
step out step out step out step out step out of my skin, moving into
yours, turn my own inside out, cauterize my organs. I don't even know what
I don't know any more; that's why I write through performatives, misshapen
characters which may as well be inscribed into my flesh. Because I can
write from the position of my flesh. I can take refuge in autobiography -
Ah, if you only had the experiences I have had - as if that were some sort
of an argument. I know that it's not - but then there's the spelling as
well - manipulating e's for example, singling ll's (i shal kil you today,
do not fere). Think of small letters instead of capitals - think of a
quality of breathlessness, as if what's being said _has_ to be correct
because - for example - there's so little time to say it. Surely no one
would contradict a writer on his or her deathbed - a writer unsure of his
or her gender, her or his persona, his or her personal pronouns.

Another tactic is the assumption of innocence - misspelling signifying a
naivete full of wonder for the world. It's an open door - philosophy from
the mouth of a child, often bratty (Jennifer), personal (Alan), dark and
sexual (Julu), striding across continents (Nikuko). And I can pretend to
have each of these characters write as if she or he weren't me, what fun.
So a miniature narrative is set up, a tiny diegetic and unfolding world
which also deflects critique, protects me in the long run. And through
this I can pretend I'm doing something _with language_ as well - a sorry
and broken language though it be. I need only make it appear deliberate,
as if I were writing my heart out in one or another form, and everything
comes back to me in roses. 

There's also the questionable function of my depressions, illnesses, neur-
oses, etc., all of which are intended to garner sympathy - not to present
the real me, which remains hidden behind all the lower ascii texts I pro-
duce out of habit. The real me is ignorant, plagiarist, arrogant, carries
a certain unhealthy odor, not something you would want to identify with. I
have to avoid it. So I would deflect again (my whole life is one great
deflection), offering instead the presumption of a wounding _which only
you can heal_ - as if you _could_ heal me - and in this manner, I win your
sympathy, and again the intellectual aspects of the work are protected -
they remain unexposed, my ignorance safe as usual.

In fact, my insomnia is the irrational fear that _I will be found out,_
that the Maker of All will descend, point His or Her long and beautiful
Finger at me, saying in a manner both gruff and stentorious: Thou art
Nought. My mind trembles at the thought; I remain awake drenched in sweat
all hours of the night, hoping for absolution. But I know it is not to be;
in the long run I _should_ be found out, since any such subterfuges, de-
flections, and bypasses I practice on a daily level, lead only to an
increase of ignorance in a world badly in need of the opposite. I perse-
vere out of a foolhardy and destructive need to survive, taking care that
my texts remain a masquerade.


