


seeing links


talking about hypertext at Omaha yesterday I found myself (as if I didn't
know beforehand) concerned with the notion of the internal world of the
work, and how that operates for most people, who want the work, not linear
(no writing is every truly linear), but presencing and developing - almost
as if the writing were a _symptom_ of the world, instead of its true-real
description. and that this is an inordinately powerful tool, not an ideo-
logy, for presenting complex ideas and experiences, taking the reader with
one. I certainly didn't feel that was the case in graphic or indexical
texts - which in fact allow the reader to formulate a path through poten-
tially disparate material, a path that resonates with the reader's pre-
sumed (since the linking can be contradictory, contra-intuitive) inter-
ests.

on the other hand, there are relationships between hypertext and jump-cuts
in film - which can also re-present the mechanisms of thought. Within film
theory, suture plays a role as representative of cohering across cuts and
diegetics; within hypertext, there is always a move towards manipulation
(by mouse or other means) in order to activate a link. All language is not
the same in hyper-text, but divided into flat and programmatic - words
which _do_ things, much as performatives do things - and words which are
inhabitations within the textual domain.

hypertext then would require a double-suture - between page1 and page2,
content1 and content2 - they are co-dependent but not equivalent - and
language1 (this here) and language2 (this (this there)). one may think of
page2 as subsidiary to page1, but content1 and content2 are within the
logical order of inclusive-or; language2 is subsidiary to language1, as
well as exclusionary to page1 or content1 - in the sense that a reader may
treat a link as a non-link (continuing on page1), as if language2 were
language1, but once language2 is called forth, page2 and content2 appear,
and page1 and its contents are abandoned.

briefly (because I'm tired;  because there's a war on - which bears on
things hypertextual and suture; because I'm on the road), it comes down to
the mechanisms for constructing meaning - in relation to the working-
through of meaning (meaningwork as in dreamwork) within a constituted
world - since meaning takes meaning from attributive domains. a constitu-
ted world (or generalized diegetic, say) requires maintenance, coherency,
distinction, quasi-transparency (a Brechtian world for example crosses
itself everywhere at the limit), and so forth - roughly the same attrib-
utes as might be applied to the signifier itself. since the page is / has
an image, linked images tend to remain within coherent domains more easily
than linked texts which require double articulations collapsed and opened
up again. any medium which appears at least in part iconic (the image as
image, the sound as sound, the video-motion as video-motion) moves within
and without its ontological exigencies; doubly-articulated media such as
language are at a loss during the interstitial break between one and the
other. Sound segues are not equivalent to linked pages of texts; the phen-
omenology are different.

there are political issues here as well - based on concerns with rational-
isms, proof-theory, nonlinearity, orality within and without written soc-
ial orders, the ideological underpinnings of discourse networks... but
this is as far as I can go, given, say, the literal smoothness or envelope
of an SR-71 Blackbird spy plane, whose skin appears twisted and turned, as
if extruded from something purely human and dreaming - but whose internal
organs represent the infinite conflation of semiotic discourses, labor,
and second/third/fourth sightedness - I thought of this object, straight
out of the imaginary (if the imaginary be allowed vectors) shooting for-
ward at the tip of a solar flare, part of the greater hole, the final es-
cape from meaning.


