


As The World Turns


I come to Bloomfield College. I go to the Computer Science Building. I'm
nervous; I'm preparing to teach. I've got a new account. I turn to the
Emacs doctor - wouldn't you?

I am the psychotherapist.  Please, describe your problems.  Each time
you are finished talking, type RET twice.
I can't believe this is running here - for sure!
Why do you say that?
Because I haven't been in this lab before.
Is it because you have not been in this lab before that you came to
me?
Yeah, to find out how things work.
Can you elaborate on that?
Not really - you're the doctor.
Earlier you said you have not been in this lab before?
Yes.
I see...  Well, what makes you believe this is so?
Because I'm new here.
Does it bother you that you are new there?
No.
Why not?
Why should it?
I would appreciate it if you would continue.
There's nothing more to say.
Maybe your plans have something to do with this.
Yeah, teaching here Saturday.
Are you sure that yeah teaching there saturday?
Yeah.
Go on, don't be afraid.
I'm not.
You mentioned that you have not been in this lab before?
True enough!
Is it because of your life that you are going through all this?
God only knows...
Is it because of the people you hang around with that you say god only
knows?
Yes!
Yes, hmmm... so, do you really think this is so?
Yes.
I understand.  So what makes you think this is so?
I wish you were more intelligent...

I worked and worked. I loaded the personal H:\ drive with numerous files.
Yes I did. And I found myself playing with this version of Emacs, as well
as telnetting to my Panix shell account - both familiar, comfortable, and
neighborly. Panix, with its distraught hi-intensity personal email mixed
with list and business messages, was a homestead brought close. Emacs,
with the usual escape and control meta-commands was simpler than I had
remembered - but then it was running in a Win-9? environment complete with
X-window-like drop-down menus. I could bounce around and see my image
everywhere. I used the same login on the three Bloomfield accounts that I
did on Panix. I roamed through the high-speed T1. I breathed Webpages. I
saw dynamic-html miracles. I saw cleverness I had only dreamed of. There
were these circular twirling animations... There were things crawling up
and down the screen... I looked at the shell account - black on white...
It looked tawdry. But I'd never seen such intensity. Ah... I went back to
the Web; it beckoned me. I saw hybrid life-forms, tentacles pulling me
towards the screen. The Doctor, bigger than ever, her hand outstretched,
beautiful white lab-coat, red hair... I almost fell through the screen...
Suddenly, more mail... Mail beckoned; the sleazy black and white, the
poverty of it all... But I fell for it... I was hooked... There were these
letters... There was business all around, some list-mail as well. My eyes
clouded over... My eyes teared... There were these others... I could have
been anywhere... I knew I was home... I knew what was inside of me... I
knew I was the doctor and I was the patient... I knew I could cure myself,
cure the world... I knew what to do... I was reading and writing, I was
crying and smiling, I was singing and sighing... It was all there, it was
me, it was my life boiling out of the screen... Everyone I ever knew, half
in and half out... Everyone...


