


credo, ray, me


in lawrence where i read my work in chapel, i got to talking
with someone, uncertain of myself, i thought i was squawking
trying to explain that my writing has to convey my certain desperation
or else nothing will emerge out of the philosophical situation - 
more explanation. that it is always a matter of life and death
to set it down, and then there's the centering of body and breath.
because flesh is at a certain limit, where everything comes together
in my work; without that intensity, it seems like cooler weather
when nothing happens. i've got to make every text my last,
almost suicidal, reflecting future, present, past -
i want them to succeed, even when they seem colloquial, turned out
too quickly - but in reality they're formal, almost burned out
of me - the content is everything; i place myself on the line
where my discomfort dominates, where i philosophize and whine
about the world which needs such whining. there's nothing left
of me after the text is finished; memory as well bereft
and sullen. in lawrence it was also clear that depression, pain
give me a field to write within; there's a certain gain
when the world turns tense and violent. my writings soar
at that point; the ontological bones are sharpened, bore
within epistemology. i find myself whittling on the ledge
where the bones are, pushing my writing closer to the edge.
and this, i would go on to say, pushed out a certain anger
in relation to writing, where style turns for me a certain danger
or seduction; it's the meat of the text, not its expression,
if the two may separate at all, that burns in quick succession
all homes where i take refuge against the truth; instead,
"destroy, she said" surveying, building, destroying, the homestead
which is the only home there is - it is a sorry flight
but necessary, my texts fleeing deeper into night;
whatever's seen there is visible by virtue of a light
intentionally lit by one or another creature needing sight.
think of my texts as manifestos, as witnesses, of dire plight;
you'll be half wrong - they're meditations, but you'll be half right -
they settle in sodden pools, analytical examinations of their blight
which takes me from despair and drowning to an unknown height
from which both space and time and elsewhere are dismal and delight,
describing the possible, emanations, death - so that i write
the darkness darker, the depths deeper, with lurid fear and might.
this was the gesture in lawrence, where i spoke
of the political economy of writing and its terrifying yoke
(although only now i write clearly my intent,
at the time hardly understanding what i meant.)


