


Why I Can't Write Like I Used To


It's difficult to write in a loft which is being torn up. The outer wall
of the building has been buckling for years now - the building swells in a
simulacrum of pregnancy. Three layers of brick built upon subsidence
coupled with possible mortar decay, internal leaking as water/blood runs
down the internal courses. Suppurating body of the building. Ectoderm and
mesoderm asunder. So the three layers have to be removed entirely and a
new wall put into place.

The building would collapse without internal support; this is under con-
struction. A heavy temporary wall is placed three feet in from the current
one (which is about twenty-five feet long); the loft-side of the latter
had to be cleared of cabinets, bookshelves, light fixtures, and so forth,
since it will be torn out and replaced. The cabinets are now piled front
to back at the foot of the bed; the books are piled everywhere; there is
hardly space to move. Dust is everywhere - demolition dust - human mite
dust - dead rodent dust - cockroach dust - and it's been necessary to use
an inhaler to breathe at all. When I'm not taking antihistamines I'm
breathing medical mist. So I can't concentrate hello who are you, you are
who said hello, and writing becomes a moment of holding on to the margins
of the building. Which is only temporary; I estimate seven weeks to the
four then five then six offered by the construction company. It's love
in the temporary ruins, just as more enduring violence occurs in another
part of the world perhaps forty-four hundred miles away.

Well, this is the turn in the narrative as many of us online tend towards
thoughts of war and peace lying heavy over everything. As if there were a
permanence to the war, as if there were an obligation. And this building
with its triple course of bricks is now surrounded by a scaffolding to
protect those troops on the ground waiting for the bus to come by. You can
see it from a distance in the form of a grey rectangle, the application of
cement in an orgy of final fortification.


