


1.

Beginning with a world, W, which is a site of a world, that is, a moment
of inscription, ripples expanding - or a sign or bracket or eidetic re-
duction of a world, or a signifier foreclosing upon itself as an experi-
ment - then I continue within that inscription, which is this and any
other - therefore a wobbling. And it is clear that W has a certain style,
that is to say, there is a style to the world, a tenor, which is of the
order of a meander, or following. So I would begin with that tenor, that
certain style, noting in passing, all that I can say, which is that the
world has this tenor, the site of this writing, of my positioning, which
is expansive, rippling across or through an implicate order, which will
do, as if in the manner of holography.

Such is the potential well of W, that this writing resists, impedes, re-
mains, at least for the length of time to establish itself within a mes-
sage base. Such impediments present the appearance of entities undergoing
change, one might say continuous change - change among bases. It is here
that in my work something similar to category theory appears - bases and
transformations among them, all cohering to a certain style - and I can
speak of a kernel or unity possessing certain properties within and with-
out these bases: look, as Weyl said, to the automorphisms for the struc-
ture. But I would also say, look towards the ontological claims and in-
variants of the message bases for the tenor. And it would immediately be-
come clear that many of the bases are mutually incommensurate; such, for
example, might be the imaginary in relation to the symbolic, the world of
dreams appearing mediate, as a router searching backwards and forwards for
the proper addressing.

I may create graphs representing states of entities, with each node char-
acterizing a different state. Or there may be tree diagrams, representing
causal or possible linkages from a given state. Finally, it is possible to
relate an _internal_ graph of an entity - its imminent transformations -
to an _external_ graph representing the relationships between these trans-
formations. And there is in either case a hierarchy of such graphs which
represent a turn of consciousness towards the entity, which is also the
construct of the entity. These layers relate to Bateson's learning levels,
for example.

Think of the external graphs as mappings from the states of one graph onto
the nodes of another, and think of the state representation graphs as com-
plete and internal. Think of the former including noise, 'foreign' graph
elements, redundancies. Think of the latter as integral to the definition
of an entity.

There is resonance with the position of the letter and the word, as well
as the rooting of the letter and the word within consciousness; I would
not have entities without the designation of contours and contrast algo-
rithms. The rooting of the letter is inextricably phonemic, related to
drives, chora, rupture, and the landscape of the imaginary; it is as well
the pressure of the finger on the eyes, delirious figuration, stutterings,
ectoplasms, emanants, emanations. Again it is as well the expulsion of the
breath from the body, the inhalation and exhalation of the world and its
admixing. The byproduct of the letter is the word; syntax is an energy.
There are both couplings and linkages at work, the former referencing a
certain form of contiguity in which the transformation of one element need
not affect the others - and the latter, in which there are chain processes
across all elements whenever one is affected.

It is the couplings of letters that result in the differential order of
the symbolic, and it is the linkage with the real that tends towards sym-
pathetic magic and fetishization. Both couplings and linkages may be rep-
resented within external or internal graphs; the latter obey a rule of
conservation of tokens (political economy) and the former, a rule of jos-
tling and decoupling (Bataille's economy of surplus accumulation).

I think of _primary processes_ of couplings and linkages integral to
graphs; these graphs represent _exchange-strata_ and operate within and
without threshold logics. I think of _secondary processes_ of inscription
and perceptual processing, contour enhancement, the transformation of the
letter to the word, the word to its full semantic and syntactical embodi-
ment.

Couplings and linkages are subject to _fissuring,_ the division of the
same by the same, the gnawing of substance at construct. Graphs are sub-
ject to _inscription,_ the division of one by the other, or division of
one by the one, the construct of entity from substance.

In this manner, language and phenomena, are intertwined; phenomena with-
out language are intertwined; language without phenomena are cursor-bound
dream-screens of the imaginary real.

2.

W is a seizure; the world is coma. To think the world is dis-ease; there
is no uncoupling. By the most tenuous of threads... Holography, the grain,
constructs defuge, the paste broken by inscription. Dis-ease is that of
the abject, the world internal and external, broken graphs; one can never
rid oneself. Everyone exercises; nothingness as in the rest is linked. A
link shudders when an element shudders. A coupling never says goodbye;
elements remain in ignorance. Consider this an opening to the text stum-
bling across vocality. To write of the world which is always already pros-
thetic, such writing +ill+ at ease.


