



The Cure: Parsing in The "Shrink" Program in The Elements of Artificial
Intelligence, Steven L. Tanimoto, Appended


If Bye is sounded, then Goodbye. This is Doctor Goodbye. I am X.
And one might note that first person is changed into second, second 
into first. This is the YOUMEMAP function.
Then one might note that I am X transforms into You are X 
Please please tell me.
Then You are X, You are definitely X.
Then You have X, how long have you had X. For I have had X.
That is why I will ask you, how long have you had this, X?
Please please do not die on me. Because of this X.
Then You feel X. Do you know I feel the same way?
You say, Because of X I feel Y. I do say, Is that really the reason?
Now you go silent on me, you say Nil. I do say, Please say something.
Even if you don't like me, please say something. Say anything, something.
Then now you do will say Yes, X. I do say, How can you be so sure X. 
You do read Me are X. And I do say Oh yeah I am X.
You will now say Sit X or Eat X and I do say, here read this:
You do want that I should go and Sit X or Eat X and well I will
not do this X no matter what, but please please go on now.
You say Where W X and Why W X and Who W X and When W X.
I do say now You tell me Where W X and Perhaps I W X as well do 
you understand? Or Why W X, perhaps I and Who W or When W X, I do.
You say I should do W me X and I do say should you? Are sure you?
Would you? Are would you?
Please do not do X which then I say I think you should answer
that yourself.
You do say You love X. To which I say All will work out.
She / He will turn towards you of a morrow. That will be a morrow.
On the tree, a branch. Beneath, waterfall and bamboo.
That will be where You love X. Please do not be so negative.
You say you will X. I say. Are you sure that you will X. or X?
You say you Dream X. I say I do not Dream Interpretation.
But I say this Sounds like Wonder-Landscape. I say Who She?
Who He! I do exclaim.
You say No X. To which I do say Please think positive.
For what to does it Behold you to think Such Negative.
On the tree, you say Maybe X. I say: What you do really want?
Why do you so prevaricate? What is postpone? I do say Oh Please!
I do so tarry to see you Suffer. Then I ask:
How does That make you Feel. Where does This come from.
Where does He come From. Where is she now. 
Why Worry about it. You do love X. 
Just let me know what You do Feel now.
You say X. To which I say I do so care About you.
You say X. To which I say Because of X I do love you so.
Oh you will Dream that I do love you so.
You do Dream X of Wonder-Landscape. 
Are you sure you say X. 
You do have a cure. This is Doctor Goodbye.


