



Our PokeMon


(I have a PokeMon Picachou watch, a fuzzy Picachou, and a Japanese book
from a Fukuoka 7-11 outlining all the pocket monsters, all adorable!)

PokeMon, Pocket Monsters from Japan, on Channel 11 this morning - there
are inserts about collecting all of them, expediting their evolution, the
necessity of combat in a simplified version of bushido. The cartoon is
directly tied to the products, which are tied to the cartoon; the cartoon
is a filtering apparatus presenting pure light, much as the 'apparatus'
per se appeared in 70s film theory. Here, however, the apparatus carries
and is imbued with, specific content; the content coalesces around mons-
ters which are elsewhere available for trade or purchase. In other words,
the cartoon is self-fulfilling currency, and if money is the symbolic of
capitalism, PokeMon and similar flows are its imaginary.

The monsters proliferate synchronically and diachronically; there are
swarms of them. They appear from nowhere; there is no sexual reproduction
but only, like Rotifera, continuation. It's clear that they are the
original population of the Kristevan _chora,_ filtered by Mandeville and
other travelogue writers who emphasize multiple projections and introjec-
tions world-wide, the psychoanalytical fallacy replacing that of the
Romantic. For the monsters are clearly transitional objects; even their
barbs and edges appear oddly defused within a biological universe of
ellipsoids, softness, and a cuteness garnered by the suffusion of soft
light in the midst of the vagaries of the outer world. Think of them as
emanants in collusion with capital.

The Imaginary of PokeMon is _our imaginary,_ lovable, desiring, adorable,
the imaginary, which has not been given a name, or the imaginary which has
been given a proliferation of names, syntax, an originary language emerg-
ing out of the dreams of a natural world. Instead of the Names (of God, of
Being), _our names_ are comfortable and comforting within the pocket, car-
ried about in satchels or bags, sack-names, names one might assign to the
very softest clothing of the world in the guise of love.

To collect them: the sets are almost always incomplete as well, this 'our
they' that resonates with an 'our i' under formation, this proto-syntax of
emergence. There are never enough for final suturing of self, gender, con-
suer; they guarantee that continuous flow of hypnagogic images from which
they appeared. (They _are_ that continuous flow of _our images._)

And they are harbingers, we, or they, think, of some new ontology coming
to light, that of the collusion of capital and avatar, of self and econo-
mic flux. No longer living beneath the sign of capital, the PokeMon self
lives within it, inhabiting a flow which is just as easily carried from
Webpage to Webpage, as from store to store, pocket to pocket. Their car-
toon narratives are foreclosed and interpenetrated by the circulation of
synthetic commodities and commodity-simulacra; they serve no other purpose
than the encouragement of continuous expenditure, the maintenance of pro-
duct. (_Our they_ are the world.)

Such is the case, of course, with movie "tie-ins"; now, however, product
has continued to evolve, become primary, the movie a centrifugal shell of
images reflecting the advertising campaign. Think of this as the absorp-
tion of interiors, just as this short text also harmonizes with a flow of
theoretical commentaries among those always already in the know. And so
finally one can think of theory itself as an imaginary, wandering lost,
the last Romantic nomad, in the midst of very dark woods.


