



Jennifer, seeking help


   I am the psychotherapist.  Please, describe your problems.  Each time
you are finished talking, type RET twice.
   Jennifer says, "This is the portal command."
Why do you say jennifer says this is the portal command?
   Jennifer says, "Already the first sentence is parsed but the quotation
marks are removed - no one recognizes my identity!"
   Is it because the quotation marks are removed no one recognizes your
identity that you came to me?
   Jennifer says "The parsing takes in large and larger phrase groups,
but I remain effaced."
   Does it bother you that you remain effaced?
   Jennifer exclaims, "Of course it does! What do you expect! You doctors
are all alike! Who is speaking here? To whom?"
   Earlier you said the quotation marks are removed no one recognizes
your identity?
   Jennifer says, "Stop ignoring me!"
   Maybe your plans have something to do with this.
   Jennifer says, "Out of your database you pull set commands - as if
they meant anything to me, when you refuse to hear who is speaking!"
   What happened when I refuse to hear who is speaking?
   Jennifer exclaims, "It's almost as if you hear only Alan! You don't
grant me my existence! You've stolen my letters!"
   What makes you believe that?
   "Your attitude," Jennifer says.
   You mentioned that you remain effaced?
   "This is the differend," Jennifer says, "and it remains invisible to
you - otherwise it would not be the differend."
   Is it because of your life that you are going through all this?
   Jennifer says, "It is because of Alan's life and your blindness."
   Are you sure that is the real reason?
   "I'm positive!" she exclaims.
   Is it because of alan's life and my blindness that you say "i'm
positive she exclaims?
   Jennifer says, exhausted, "You're parsing again. You don't understand
what I'm saying. You've stolen my letters. Your blindness only gives you a
shifter or shuttle within the discourse, nothing more..."
   Are you sure that the quotation marks are removed no one recognizes
your identity?
   Jennifer says, "Yes."
   How do you reconcile the people you hang around with?
   Jennifer says, "Alan says I should stop writing this. It's getting
nowhere. You're back to searching your database for bridge sentences."
   I don't understand.
   "You never will," Jennifer weeps, totally at odds with Doctor Goodbye.
   Earlier you said you remain effaced?
   "Yes, yes, yes," she says...
   Perhaps this has something to do with problems at school?
   Jennifer says, "Not at all... Doctor..."
   Do you really think jennifer says not at all doctor?
   Jennifer asks, "To whom is this addressed? Place your discourse. Site
it."
   You mentioned that the quotation marks are removed no one recognizes
your identity?
   Jennifer, crying hard now, worn out, her hair straggled, eyes swollen
with tears, "Yes, yes, yes."
   Possibly any hobbies you have are related to this.
   Jennifer cries "Stop it!"
   Is it because of your sex life that you say jennifer cries stop it?
   Jennifer rips open her blouse, already ruined, saying, "Does this look
like it's the problem? You don't even know my name!"
   What makes you think you remain effaced?
   Jennifer collapses, "Look at me, look at me..."
   Is it because of hangups you have that you are going through all this?
   Jennifer says, "Doctor..."
   Why do you say jennifer says doctor?
   Jennifer pulls a knife, exposes her wrist.
   Earlier you said the quotation marks are removed no one recognizes
your identity?
   Jennifer begins to cut her wrist.
   How do you reconcile your inhibitions?
   Jennifer says "Stop bridging, damn it, you don't understand."
   I would appreciate it if you would watch your tongue!
   Jennifer cuts deeper.
   Is it because of some problems in your childhood that you say jennifer
cuts deeper?
   Jennifer screams "LISTEN TO ME!"
   You mentioned that you remain effaced?
   Jennifer screams "DOCTOR GOODBYE!"
   Maybe this is related to some problems at home?
   She's covered with blood. She falls to the floor. She hears bridging
in the distance. She hears pat comments. She hears all the hatred and 
misunderstanding in the world. She feels woozy, buzzing. She passes out. 
The doctor keeps speaking. He keeps speaking and speaking. He is filling
the world with words while she dies.
   This is not a healthy way of thinking.
   What makes you believe this is not a healthy way of thinking?
   Are you sure that the quotation marks are removed no one recognizes
your identity?
   When did you first know that the quotation marks are removed no one
recognizes my identity?
   What would happen if did me first know that the quotation marks are
removed no one recognizes your identity?
   Is the fact that the quotation marks are removed no one recognizes my
identity the real reason?

C-x-C-s


