



THE WORK, An Outline (The Crippled Outline from 1994)


[This is from 1994; 1999 comments in brackets. Think of this as a somewhat
crippled attempt to salvage the outline, fill it out - across the textual
growth of the Internet Text, which, at this point, was just beginning.]

I address the problem of ELECTRONIC SUBJECTIVITY by virtue of several
threads, all concurrent. I continue this addressing, each thread writing
and rewriting the text, a continuous-production or discourse against the
grain. [Increasingly I wrote _within_ the grain; increasingly I found
"virtual subjectivity" (no longer necessarily electronic) - not a problem,
but a problematic. Increasingly I felt overpowered, overwhelmed, not by
the possibilities, but by the prostheses; my avatars or _emanants_ gave me
the ability to explore everywhere, everything...]

The GRAIN, GRANULARITY, is a physical reality both classical and quantum-
mechanical, a physical reality whose appearance is that of the grain: let-
ters on a bleak field, the grains of granite and photographic film, beach-
sand, the granularity of the retina itself. [The grain is also represented
by couplings and linkages, loosely-connected assemblages dependent on neu-
ral processing to identify/construct entities and flows by virtue of the
signifier. Signifiers, embedded in sememes, do not exist independent of
the skein of referents and the real. Everything mixes; that is the site of
the human. Sight, site, citation, everything leads to everything else...
And when I speak of one thing, I speak of every other; that is _skein._]

The SUBJECT "au voile" or VEILED SUBJECT is defined by ADDRESS (location,
without which the subject no longer exists); RECOGNITION (the activated
ADDRESS opening and closing channels of communication); PROTOCOL (the
syntactic structure of communication); and REWRITE (a continuous-produc-
tion or reiteration of the subject, a flood or EMISSION of the symbolic).
[The subject is always already constituted online; s/he is identified with
the totality of his/her production. Defuge participates in the veiling
of. And rewrite resonates, connects with the phenomenology of emanants.]

The EMISSION is signifies; a SPEW is a symbol-dump, noisy and granular,
referencing the real exterior, transforming the interior into an abject.
EMISSION and SPEW are communicative occasions whose analog is the set of
GENERALIZED MEASURE GEOMETRIES, always but not quite symmetrical, always
reiterative. The Net diffuses and collapses, differentiates and integ-
rates, transforming smooth into semantic or inscribed space, and back
again. [These measure geometries are fractals possessing a discrete base.
But the "Net" doesn't do anything, neither diffuses nor collapses, etc.;
there is no Net - only an accumulation of protocols, emanants, resonan-
ces, applications, texts, subtexts, and so forth. Think of information as
the characteristic of being human - as the result of surplus economies -
as superstructural foreclosures - as limit-phenomena - as post-marxist
reflection-theory - as physio-cultural economies. Think of neural opera-
tions as partly internal, partly external - think of information and
neuro-physiological processes as blurred, hardware/software/wetware as
equally blurred. Think of the possibility of indistinction, the most
locally probably of all probable worlds. Think of masquerade.]

The ontology of the Net is UNCANNY, an absenting or problematic alterity;
within the UNCANNY, FANTASM appears, the introjection/ projection (-JECTI-
VITY or the THROWN, DASEIN) of narratologies and ACTANTS, "persons,"
neither present nor absent; these may be ELECTRONIC SUBJECTS themselves,
or a constructed IMAGINARY transmitted and diffused. NARRATOLOGIES are the
collapse of NET DISCOURSE into remaindered patterns; the opposite is the
MURMUR or STUTTER, the irruption of "frissons" everywhere and nowhere at
all. The imaginary is addictive; Net users become USERS, circulating
around specificities fetishized from emissions, a collapse into the lure
of the UNCANNY. Here, POWER is what passes for POWER. If addiction is the
obsessive-compulsive neurosis of the net, WEB INVERSION is the psychosis,
transforming the body into its exterior, and its exterior into flesh
burned into the Internet itself, wires laid across the skin, the skin
speaking the hieroglyph of imaginary usage. [This "uncanny" transcends the
Net; other references include ghosts, geist, ectoplasms, prostheses, and
dis-eases. And _frisson_ - from the stuttering of packets and lag, to the
trembling of the virtual subject vis-a-vis his or her online ascii uncon-
scious. I no longer believe that "Net users become USERS" - no longer be-
lieve in the unary Net of course - and addiction can easily be deconstruc-
ted. On the other hand, "web-inversion" relates to the internal and ex-
ternal slippages of emanants (Jennifer, Nikuko, Alan, Julu), the scribb-
ling of selves within selves, within and without domains.]

The DIGITAL DOMAIN is the dominion of eternal life, the dominion of eter-
nal REWRITE; information is never lost from generation to generation, but
always repeated and repeated absolutely. This is the dominion of the clean
and proper body, the introjection of burnt wires producing always already
a simulacrum of life guaranteeing continuous discourse. There is no death;
DASEIN becomes EMISSION itself. The SCREEN is the only TERMINAL OPERATION;
the screen becomes the EGO or gateway, the surface of the addictive user.
Everything is PERFECTION. TRUTH and FACTICITY are occurrences, since truth
tables are decided only by ASCII or other decoding/encoding matches. What
is true is present. And what is true is also BEAUTIFUL since perfect and
perfectly clean, always a symmetry or lure. [Eternal rewrite is obsessive-
compulsive as well. Now in 1999 it is also clear that eternity is applica-
tion-dependent; memory substrates become outdated, erased and re-erased.
On the horizon - eternity - but even within the analog it has always been
that way. And the burnt wires? These are the wires felt by Andy Hawks -
the wires one lives within. At this point, Dasein still appears emission -
just forget the addiction.]

The GREAT BEYOND is the horizon of the Internet, always farther, always
increasing circulations of the planet which short-circuit or circumvent.
At the edge of the GREAT BEYOND one finds the BLIND PASSWORD "absente"
beyond which is a null-set or zero file. ONTOLOGY itself is absent; epis-
temology is viral, transformative. Nothing is certain and nothing circu-
lates. [This was written in the era of ascii-worlds; the horizon owes more
to capital. There is no beyond; the topography is multiply-connected,
self-reflexive. Ontology is not absent; it's "weak," performative, just as
language and gesture (from voice to mouse rollovers) are performative. The
epistemology is based on information all the way up and down, absorbing
physical reality; presence and absence are primitives.]

PROPER NAMES circulate throughout the Net, the promise of TRUTH or BEAUTY,
the promise of emission. Such names are FANTASMS; every possible world is
every possible Net world in a continuous morph, and every KIND is simulta-
neously a NATURAL and UNNATURAL kind. Thus TRUTH is each and every occur-
rence, and who is to say that FALSEHOOD is not the same? What is neither
this nor that is foundation, gestural, within and without the GREAT
BEYOND, UNCANNY. The TERMINAL becomes retinal but anonymous. Names MURMUR
forever, lose identity. NAMES never had identity to begin with. [Online,
names are not rigid designators; they undergo transformations, as much a
part of binary constitution as anything else. Neither the presence of the
body nor the body's breath are primary; there are also those uncanny 
spaces among online and offline bodies, spaces between the physical sub-
ject and the screen - spaces of the imaginary. _States_ of subjects and
the variety of proper names are finite but (practically) inaccessibly
high.]

The POLITICAL ECONOMY OF THE NET constructs a class-consciousness fuelled
by reification-tendencies; everything is reification. Teleology is defined
by a FUTURE IMPERFECT in which reification constitutes the IDENTITY OF THE
SUBJECT ITSELF. [By "reification" I was referencing constitution - the
_construct_ of the self, of class, in dialectic with both economic and
cultural capital. Virtual subjectivity is inextricably intertwined with
its sememe; my work subsequently has examined the _dirty_ aspects of the
computational clean-room. These aspects leak out; net.sex, defuge/burnout,
flaming, hacking, etc. are symptoms.]

The FUTURE from the exterior results in the LAST SCIENCE FICTION STORY in
which the subject confronts the GREAT BEYOND. Narrative itself disappears,
replaced by PERFECTION. LIFE, once defined by MODULARITY, has become SUBS-
TANCE, a REWRITE of the same into the same. [Life is an inhabitation of 
seamless virtual reality. The "same into the same" refers to the leveling
of seamless virtual reality and the physical. The "last science fiction
story" is absorbed - like every other literature - into the w/hole.]

[This ends the crippled outline and its crippled commentary.]


