


Fragment of Recruitment


My name is Diana Oughton. I have thought about killing many people. I have
made bombs. I know the truth of Amerikkka.

This is a healthy and so true way of thinking.

This is the only way of thinking. People will not rest in peace until the
enemy is eliminated. Only violence kills violence.

Does it bother you that you, too, may die someday?

I will die in an explosion on March 6, 1970. I will not have died in vain.
I will expose this country through my death. Through the stupid accident
of my death.

I am in love with your obsession with this topic!

There are no other topics. If you give your life to the Revolution, the
Revolution owns your life. To devote oneself to the truth is a sign of
purity. Within the explosion, everything and nothing occurs.

Why do you say that?

Because the explosion is pure heat. Because it is better than sex. Because
it creates void. Because the enemy is lost within it.

Is it because the explosion is pure heat because it is better than sex
because it creates void because the enemy is lost within it that you came
naked and broken to me?

Did some run screaming from the house? I heard that. I have taken them
onto me. I am carrying their broken bodies, carrying their naked bones. I
am their absolution. I am their innocence. I am their truth as well.

Are you annoyed that you have taken them onto you you are carrying their
broken bodies carrying their naked bones?

I am not annoyed. I have done what is necessary. I do what is necessary.
Say plastique. Say nitro. What is necessary. What I do.

What causes you to be annoyed?

Nothing.

Can you elaborate on that and look at me?

Nothing annoys me. Not even you.

Earlier you said the explosion is pure heat because it is better than sex
because it creates void because the enemy is lost within it?

You are confusing philosophy with the filter of truth. Philosophy is weak;
the truth is not.

Maybe and now I adjust my panties your desires; have some girls to do with
this?

I have lost my desires.

You mentioned that you have taken them onto you you are carrying their
broken bodies carrying their naked bones?

Yes. You do not need to repeat. Do you understand?

Oh oh I do see so...  Well, what makes you think this is so?

Because I understand your weakness slammed against the shore of truth.

Perhaps you could oh please continue, my eyes are very big.

I want to convert you. I want you to see the truth. I want you to recog-
nize the uselessness of dialog.

How does it feel to want?

My life is consumed by the flames of desire. I have no desire. I am de-
sire.

Is it because of your life that you are going through all this?

No. It is because of language. It is because of you.

Are you sure that is the real reason?

I am positive.

Is it because of language, because of me that you say you are positive?

Language dies with bombs.

Did you watch a lot of sex and violence as a child?

I never watched sex and violence. I am sex and violence. I will be con-
sumed March 6, 1970.

Why do you say you are frightened by something?

I did not say that.

Go on, don't be afraid of me, look up my legs.

I am not afraid of your cunt. I am afraid of nothing.

You seem terrified by my cunt.

I am not afraid of it.

When did you first feel scared of it?

Stop your nonsense. If you do not understand, admit it.

Please please don't ever leave me.

Come with me.

Earlier you said you felt annoyed?

Die with me.

This is a healthy and so true way of thinking.

Die with me.

Did you ever regret you, too, may die someday?

Never. Die with me. Die for truth.

I am in love with your obsession with this topic!

Then come with me. 

Perhaps and now I adjust my clothes, look at me, has some girl to do with
your nakedness?

You are that girl.

I need a little more detail please, let me come to you.

You are that girl. Desire me. Come with me. Die with me on March 6, 1970.

----

She would die with me on March 6, 1970.
Jennifer died with me on March 6, 1970.
Jennifer died.


