



Fundamental Principles and their Breaking (Breaking of the Vessels)


Beginning, as I did, with the particle W, and a network (which could be
represented by matrices) of nodes of any capacity; channels of any cap-
acity; and markers - I was able to construct models of threshold logics.
What literally "went over the top," activated. Gates were needed in order
to have one topology affect another. Markers were conserved.

But this was insufficient; in the modeling, I allowed the presence of
"foreign phrases" or part-objects - so that one graph might map the states
of another - but it might also map "foreign" states that would interfere
or not - such states could also be entirely remote from the core mapping.
The core mapping itself might be deliberately partial - mapping only cer-
tain states (perhaps visible states, perhaps proximate states, perhaps
states of bricolage, perhaps part-objects of desire). Everything in the
formalism, in other words, "sloshed" against everything else. What was
originally to be "fundamental" now appeared broken, _fissured_ (in the
formal sense of the term), irrevocably so.

There were other additions; the initial creation/annihilation formalism,
coupled with the channels, etc., now allowed new part-objects, partial
graphs, to appear just about anywhere in the overall configurations. And,
while a hierarchy of "strata" were constructed (a simple example being a
graph representing the states of another graph - which was then perceived
as "embedded" in its nodes), it was possible, through what I termed "dot-
particles," to alter _internal_ or lower-level strata, without affecting
the upper. More and more the entire formalism took on the characteristics
of a topographic paint-program, allowing access to any symbol on any level
within any diagram - independently of any other. Therefore a _fashion,_ or
_fashioning_ on any level - what I now would consider the _decoupling of
linkages._

So that foundations themselves turned out - to the extent that one dealt
with such metaphoricities as these - to be broken, abject - not in need of
propping (there were no props, only a round-robin of symbolic formations)
- but peripheral to the phenomena themselves, and I began to think, howev-
er awkwardly, about the core phenomena at the heart of scientific experi-
ment - and to think my way through a platonism of, say, fundamental parti-
cles (which themselves may prove to be round-robin in relation to higher
and higher energies). I felt also that the phenomena I was considering -
the nature of entities, the apparent Aristotelian logics of the everyday
world - were superstructurally almost entirely foreclosed (what Simon
called "nearly decomposable hierarchies) in this fashion - so that coup-
lings and linkages and the whole spew of topographic metaphors might best
be applied here. Still, I wanted more - and retreated once again to uneasy
psychoanalytical levels which worried the interpretation of all of this -
the core-theoretical structures, the topographies, the linkages and the
couplings - and it was in order (to some extent) to deal with these that I
began to work with avatars or emanants (Jennifer, Julu, Alan, Nikuko), who
were born of protocol, performative, and program - in such a manner that I
have been able to extent them as system resonances or introjections/pro-
jections, across applications, languages, and so forth.

Such emanants, which partake equally of the literary, are a far cry from
the reductionism of the foundations - but only to the extent that the
psychoanalytics of breaking are excluded. Such is not my intent - which is
why the literary veers back into the philosophical, and back again - as if
in search for an epistolary site that would harden the resources and
theory into a permanent therapeutic. And such, of course, could never be
the case, which is one of continuous evolution.


