



When Dreams Become Real


I am currently doing a close reading of Julian Dibbell's My Tiny Life, in
relation to numerous other texts dealing with virtual and non-virtual life
- if such a distinction may be made. There is an aporia at work here - an
inextricable break for which there is no repair, no suture. I want to ar-
gue that this break is permanent - which is why so many current accounts
of Net behavior turn upon it.

This is a situation in which dreams become real, but a real which is at
variance with the practical-inert of everyday life. There is no precedent
for this interweaving - at least in a world where shamanisms are suspect,
a world inheriting the ontology of the Enlightenment. For what is oddly at
stake is the textual or constituted body and its affect - in relation to
the living body of lived experience - as if there were a difference - as
if language were not only primarily, but totally superstructural - and
therefore accountable only within the purely abstract processes of mental
life. (Note the political consequences here - for example a suspicion of
those illnesses which seem, at times, to be _brought on by language_ - I
am thinking of neurosis, depression, and so forth.)

Instead, what constantly appears in these accounts is a _troubling or
disturbance_ - much as the _feminine_ has also troubled or disturbed - of
everyday life. The disturbances _can_ be placed - i.e. they occur within
or across one or more online sites, if not within the very agency of on-
line ontologies themselves - but they cannot be _configured_ or leveraged
against the physical. It is a matter of neural processes, a matter of
introjectivity, projectivity - and what occurs, occurs through the very
limited bandwidth of the written (to the extent that the bandwidth itself
is irrelevant, in favor of the diegesis).

The relationship with the feminine is more than surface; one might think
of flows, morphologies, and online in general as an embedding within a
skein or membrane of sites, citations, selves, and lags. But in addition,
there are elements of lures, seductions, fears, peripheral voyeurisms,
explicit sexualities, raw affect, etc. - many of which have been associa-
ted with male projectivities. Untangling gender here (if there are gender-
analytical approaches that may be of use) is difficult - especially when
very little can be grasped, "ported," from one world to another. (I am not
saying that analysis is useless - far from it. I am only saying that the
_lived experience_ anong worlds has almost no precedent - and it is this
lack of predecence for the subject - half-real, half-virtual - and where
_are_ those mental processes, anyway, if not aligned with the virtual -
that creates all the problems - no matter how analysis proceeds.)

So book after book, essay after essay talks about cyberrelationships,
cybersex, cyberaffairs, in a manner indicating that the texts turn or "are
turned" upon these disturbances - which cannot be assimilated. Half com-
partmentalized, half within the imaginary, they result in unexpected con-
sequences in everyday life - which had hitherto appeared to the author as
inviolate, foreclosed, sutured (in the sense of a totality, and in the
sense of a coherent self which "lives" within the real).

There are real-life breakups, divorces, and marriages; there are people
traveling across the world to meet their partners; there are orgasms of
incredible ferocity; there are exhibitionisms and voyeurisms and explora-
tions of sexual behaviors previously considered perverse; there are games
with worlds at stake - and everywhere, there are misrecognitions - "I
didn't realize how serious this was" - "I didn't realize how much I care
for you" - "I can't believe this" - "it just seemed to happen" - "I can't
stop now" - "I won't stop now" - "I'm with you" - "I want to meet you" -
"I dream of you constantly" - "my marriage is falling apart" - "I don't
know what to say" - "this can't be happening" ...

When dreams become real, what happens to their ontology? When the real be-
comes dream-like, we tend to abrogate it to the realm of fantasy or the
ludic - as if its consequences were abrogated as well. And these are dif-
ficult to pin down in any case - with whom is one making love on a MOO,
where there might be continuous morphing at work? Whose imaginaries are
being played out? Whose worlds, and what bodies are then held in the slim
but dense compression of later sleep? 

Having the answers, not living them, transference and the therapeutic come
to mind.


