


Her


Last night, I couldn't sleep, violent insomnia, dismemberings.
I heard voices over and over again coming towards me, devouring me.
My ears were consumed in the fire of frantic voices.
Voices wouldn't let me sleep in peace, these voices.
I heard a vast and noisy blanket descend over the bed full of voices.
Voices whispered to me of dark things I could not comprehend.
Voices whispered to me of things I understood in unknown languages.
Screams in hebrew and aramaic - loud voices in akkadian and mitannian.
My tongue was consumed in a fire of futile replying; I had no voice.
Voiceless, my vocal cords no longer murmured, my throat gouged out.
In loving reply, I screamed, voiceless, back into the whirlwind.
The Book of Judges screamed in reply: Judges 19, 20, 21:

Why did the host offer to throw his virgin daughter out to the Benjamin
men? Why does the concubine, _pilegesh,_ remain unnamed? Why was she
thrown out to them? Why was Israel mapped in that long journey on her body
the unknown man crisscrossing the country - her corpse split among the
tribes, the violent war which followed? Who were these people; why do they
disappear from the ensuing fray? Why was she repeatedly raped? Why did the
concubine return initially to Bethlehem? Why did the war result in further
rape and pillaging? What drove these men out of their huts in such a fash-
ion? Why is this tale of men spelled out in carnage - why is no one named?
Later the ark's carried uselessly back and forth over the land of the
Philistines - bringing hemorrhoids and mice - later returned - hemorr-
hoids and mice cast in gold. Why this eternal distribution? But who was
the concubine? Why does it say earlier she played the harlot? (Against him
or on him, then to her father's house - he follows, brings her back after
assuagement, entertainment - a delay like that before brutal orgasm - then
they stop at the fatal house in Bethlehem - what became an inn of violence
and despair - what began in grace and kindness. Think of the night, it's
night there in the town, there are rough men about, this host takes the
party in, there's banging out the door. Flickering lanterns. There are
loud voices, drunken voices, demanding the man - they're going to fuck
him. The host offers the daughter instead, as well as the concubine. The
text seems slightly contrary here. The men wouldn't listen to him so they
took the concubine, raped her all night long. She was dead on the door-
step; the man came out and took her with him. What did he say to the host?
The host had taken them in? The man distributed the body among the tribes;
they'd never seen anything like that, not since they came out of the land
of Egypt. There had to be war. The other tribes prevailed over Benjamin;
it took a while. Benjamin himself had been a favorite son - later there's
Samuel anointing Saul - from Benjamin again. I hear the voices outside the
host's house which has become an inn; the man and his concubine and asses
are staying gratis. The host is hold; he's kind, helpful. The rest of the
folk wouldn't have anything to do with the visitors - they weren't helpful
at all. It's the night before; they're all speaking happily. The pilegesh
doesn't know she's about to die, then dismembered, cast among the tribes.
There's the sound of men outside - they're drunken, surly, out of control.
Surely they were out of control. Speaking the language of the Bible,
mouthing it - the language which would later hold them in abeyance, name-
less as well. All these characters will disappear into the fray. Later,
millennia later, I'll be sleeping; voices will violate my body, strange
mouths will appear breaking through my skin. There are screams and taunts
from all of them - only my original mouth, taken over by the concubine -
moaning and fearful - knowing now what's coming - it's all written down -
I'll call her Shekinah -


