


on our way to and from


when i started writing on virtual subjectivity, there were young graduate
students coming online and asking if anyone has had cybersex because they
wanted to write on it. the krokers were also moving into new languages and
ways of thinking and there were already the texts of rheingold and heim
and others earlier still, and the matrix was out there and you can go back
all the way to the rfc's and their culture or earlier too through other
equivalent histories. now things are different, however - business has
produced books like net.gain and the net's accompanied by a philosophy and
phenomenology of online business practices. elsewhere, psychologists and
sociologists are worrying quantitative statistics, mass communications
studies have moved in big-time, and the study of online has become more
conservative, by and large, more institutionalized. one can find a subject
for a paper presented within a community of online users who are knowledg-
able about computers and cmc in particular.

the subject is becoming overwhelming - there are simply too many facets to
online community and behavior, too many cultures, too many protocols, too
many proprietary applications and urls. there are very few steering mech-
anisms; even something as basic as bandwidth is highly dependent on demo-
graphics, individual machines, time of day, protocols and compressions
used, and so forth. most higher-level connections are multi-mode - audio,
video, text, and graphics - any of which might be interactive - opened on
the same screen. the entire environment has become heterological; multi-
threading is only a subset of multiple applications. instant messenger and
icq - as well as cuseeme - might all be open and waiting for connections -
hence there is both a kinetic and potential energy/communications environ-
ment to be accounted for. the computer itself might turn itself on with
certain applications; the net is always already present. it's not that the
computer is the node, and the net the membrane and mainframe - it's that
there are heteronymous flows whose final outcome might be screens and
speakers - and whose inputs might be keyboards, microphones, cameras,
downloaded information from the web, and real-time text flows from any
number of sources.

there are psychoanalytical elements at work in the midst of all of this,
but they are becoming increasingly difficult to define. what - at this
point - constitutes "virtual" - what even constitutes the "subject" or
online user? net elements move closer to dreamwork, epistolary novels,
offline print catalogs, party conversations, scientific journals, under-
ground clubs, art galleries, surgical and other theaters, and humans par-
leying or negotiating relationships, auctions, and sex. models ranging
from multiple personalities through schizophrenias, from obsessive-com-
pulsive disorders through borderline phenomena, might be applicable - any
models, in fact, that split selves and actions, or utilize unitary focus-
ing. none of these models account, however, for the liminal phenomena of
moving from one domain to another, one sense to another, even one script
to another.

i think of the later wittgenstein, who might as well be operating in a
chatroom; the work of lakoff and others on the relationships between bod-
ies and languaging; kristeva's emphasis on multiple drives and ruptures;
chislenko's work on legacy systems; work uniting agents, cyborgs, bodies,
and transitional objects; the flows and floods in the works of irigaray
and lingis; i think of my own broken avatars, at loss within their mult-
iple connections and appendages - their reports from the frontiers. all
these approaches are partial, nomadic - all of them are vulnerable to im-
mediate institutionalizations and the fetishization of knowledge within
traditionally-defined disciplines. knowledge is being strangled at the
same time it expands. 

a final note - while there are transcendent projects such as xanadu or the
attempt to create a future seamless virtual reality for everyone - what
is actually occurring is quite different. instead of the simulacrum of a
three-dimensional knowledge, community, and business space, most desktops
in high-tech environments present multiple flat windows, multiple uses,
occasions, and events, as described above. the current tendency is towards
particulation, not immanence; where this will end remains to be seen (and
experienced). there's a limit to our ability to control _braids_ (each
composed of numerous threads, each an open or closed or potential window
on a screen); one can imagine the development of agents to handle braid
bundles, for example. but the end result might parallel that of the glass
harmonica in mozart's time - a nervous irritation of the finger-tips, and,
with the computer, a nervous irritation (in a very nineteenth-century
sense) of the psyche as well.


