



the beautiful life-form and the show


this is the most stupendous life-form i have seen so far in my entire
life. it is hovering there just outside the ship and is the largest life-
form i have ever seen. it must be thousands of kilometers high, and i
cannot believe how intelligent this life-form is; it is the most amazing
and intelligent life-form i could ever have possibly imagined, and its
beauty is breath-taking and i have never seen such beauty. well and then
we will admire and love this life-form and i am sure something will hap-
pen! and don't you think this will bring an end to the series? i cannot
imagine anything so stupendous after this, and we will have other episodes
to do. yes, but look at this, is this not a wonderful end to the series at
least as we know it? oh yes, but, oh, i see what you mean, this is so tre-
mendously amazing, i have never seen anything like this life-form. look at
its glowing and pulsing, and i have never seen such glowing and pulsing,
and it is so very large, it must be larger than our moon, which is quite
large and not even alive. and look at its wonderful eyes and antennas, it
must pick up signals we could only dream of, i wonder if there are more of
these creatures, oh look, it is turning and so glowing beautifully and i
feel wonderful watching this, just this once we will skip the commercial
and we will extend our incredible looking and peering even into the cred-
its so we can keep on with this amazing life-form just outside the window
in the middle of darkest space. oh look again, you can see its body out-
lined against the glow of a vast nebula, my whole body is tingling, i feel
both suffused and warmed by the sight of this unbelievable thing so alive
and so very close to us, let us keep watching, they can role the credits
for all i care. i do believe this is the most beautiful moment of my life,
look there where the pulsing glows are diffusing across the upper mantles
and lower envelopes, it takes my breath away.


