

  
  The Azure Dawn, Who Invented Time.


  "You are an impatient man, Mr. Sondheim," Jennifer said, holding
  her cigarette just so. 
  "I've got a life to live," I replied, and not much time to live it
  in." She looked at me like any dame looks at a man who's half-
  ghost. 
  "Whatever do you mean," she said, her soft eyelashes curling around
  me like fires around trapped wolves.
  You could feel their singed flesh, you could smell the taste of meat
  already ground to a halt as they laid their eyes upon the two of us. 
  "I don't have an ax to grind," I replied, "but I have axes. There's
  the affair of the ticket stub. There's the issue of the wires - you
  burn up the airwaves, babe, like there's no tomorrow."
  "I'm an orphan," Mr. Sondheim, she replied.
  "Call me Alan."
  "I'm an orphan, Alan," she said, batting her large eyes in my di-
  rection as if she'd just struck a homerun in the last inning of one
  fantastic series. "I'm all alone in the world, you know what that
  can do to a girl."
  "I know what you're doing to me," I mumbled, brazening her out.
  Jennifer looked up from the couch. There was nothing more to say
  among all of us. Ghosts from the past glistened like ivy on unsus-
  pecting walls. I was lost in her. 
  The sky turned Azure. It was an Azure Dawn. I hadn't slept my twenty
  winks, much less forty. Things were fuzzy at this hour; Jennifer was
  already fading from mind, memory, and the hard contours of objects
  on the floor.
  "Gravity does us in," she said, "everything slopes." There were
  vague shadows, meniscus infiltrations, in her rooms beyond the
  rooms. Was there ever anything to lose? What was loss, anyway,
  compared to an inconsequential life? Starting with zero, I was de- 
  termined to make every minute count.
  Dawn embraced me with her arms. I couldn't ever remember being so
  happy. Panthers stood silent at gold and silver doors.
  "Take me with you," said Dawn. "I've got time, but only a little."
  Nothing ever stands still around her. That's what makes it so per-
  fect. 
  As she approached, I murmured "Dawn." The room transformed into
  the wire model. I could approach her from any angle. With a flesh
  fill we embraced. We placed the light at forty-five degrees, the
  camera at fifty - subtle shadows in the glow of dying cigarettes
  made for timely perfect bodies, heavy markup, light on virtual. 
  Dawn and I, ready for perfection resurrection, "Hold on a second,
  will you?"


  