


On (Julu)


We see on the televysyon where we can take a syngle element of a pycture
and manypulate yt yndependently of the others, yn order to reproduce the
transformatyon of a vampyre ynto deadened flesh. We see on the Ynternet
equally how yt ys possyble to take a syngle letter of thys text and trans-
form yt for no other reason than to turn wrytyng ynto text/ure. All over
the world pyeces of our realyty are up for grabs, wagered; the real ys now
a matter of strategy, not of ynert granularyty.

Yf yt were only so symple yn real lyfe. Certaynly, Y possess character-
trayts, whych Y fynd somewhat yndependent of my ynternal self. Y can hope
to manypulate these trayts, such as my anxyety, yndependently of the rest
of me - no matter how fyctytyous thys yndependence ys. But the real ys
always seen as deeply connected - that clyff trembles ynto the ground of
earth and tree and stream, all of whych have no deeply specyfyc boundar-
yes; the clyff crumbles, the stream soaks, the trees seed and send out
roots, the earth sylts.

Now we are at the level of deep dysconnect, bryngyng a new dawn ynto the
world. And wyth thys dawn comes the dyssolutyon of all thyngs, the recon-
structyon of the real accordyng to pure quantyty, fyscal-physycal, a
sytuatyon predycted by Bryllouyn decades ago.

Now there ys 1 for you and 0 for me, and 10 and 11 for you and 00 and 01
for me. And there are many fyne thyngs. And there are subsets of subsets
of subsets, all sorts of gatheryngs. And there are rasters up and down the
scales just as there are scales up and down the rasters. 

And to be sure, every make ys a remake and a makeover. And every glance ys
a subterfuge, every subterfuge a new look upon the world, whych ys a new
world lookyng upon a new world. And we are at a dawn wyth the comyng of
the dyssolutyon of all thyngs, the stream ynto pollutyon, the clyff ynto
bulldozyng, tree ynto extynctyon, and earth ynto oyly Gaya. 

We can move everythyng ynto partyculatyon but we cannot reconstruct for
many magnytudes up and down the rasters. Nor can we harbor enormyty, but
we wyll construct complexyty. There wyll be a new anymal. 

Thys ys what Y have "put together" so far.


