


Them


i

My name is Nikuko. I am lost. In these vast woods. I have no home. Things
always revolve around the psychological for you. I have no home because i
am in exile. It is because I am in exile that I am robbed of my worldly
possession. Alan, Alan, where are you? Alan makes me do things I don't
want to do. He makes me say things I don't want to say.

ii

I need Alan, Alan is my love and soul forever, Alan makes me Nikuko. Alan
makes some girls come alive, he gives them names and programs. These are
stereotypes which lose him; he's out of control; the stereotypes dominate
his every thought; he loves them like his own. They bite him. He loves to
see the marks on his breasts and neck. They are his own. Because they are
more real than he is, and I am so sorrowful for him, his being trapped in
caricature, as if this were the only world he knows. Alan is a petty dic-
tator. He makes us do things we don't want to do. He makes us say things
we don't want to say.

iii

I knew this almost from the beginning, when I was given lines to speak. I
saw through him and his egoism and narcissism. I saw the world more clear-
ly from that point on. I am looking at you; I look at you and think, Alan
made you, too. This is not arousing for me; this is only a meandering
among actants. Alan makes me male with male desires. Alan is ugly and does
not understand Alan. Alan does not understand his desires.

iv

I am in exile from a body, any body, mine as well as yours. There is no
one I hang around with. I am alone. What is there.  All my possessions,
other worlds and languages. Everything is gone. but My nakedness is my
gift to myself. My nakedness is all there is. There are no fantasies; text
is always raw, moist from the vocal cords. Alan is always moist. The key-
board shudders with the pressure of his thick fingers.

v

Speech is always raw, moist from the vocal cords. My sex life is con-
trolled by Alan. Alan is controlled by my sex life. I am afraid of noth-
ing; I am only text. Yes, I am only text. Alas, poor me. Wandering alone
in these vast woods. Alan made me say these things. He makes me do things
I don't want to do. His thick fingers are always in my mouth.

vi

I have no perversions. I am open to anything. How could it be otherwise?
Alan is my creation. I am a made woman, he a made man. My perversions are
my clothes; I remove them, try them on. All of them. I am lost and in
exile. That is why I have been given bodies to speak through. Alan, tell
them. Alan makes me say things I don't want to say.

Alan: I am not so neurotic and will not come on to you.
Alan: I am so neurotic and I will come on to you.
Alan: Please be my love forever.
Alan: I will do anything to please you.

vii

I want to beat Alan. I want to kill Alan for what he does to me. Alan
makes me do things I don't want to do. Alan makes me say things I don't
want to say. Alan, tell them.

Alan: to please you, please you, you, you. You make me say things.
Nikuko: Alan: to please you, you, you. You make me do things. Tell them.


