



Starving-Hunger-Hell


I'm a friend of yours, Nikuko. We know each other from Fukuoka. We used to
hang out at the Darkroom. I think you were that girl, Nikuko. I always
liked you; I liked the way you smelled. You seemed really beautiful to me.
I think it was your breasts and your smile. You seemed small, brilliant,
intense. I came alone to the bar, don't you remember? We would talk all
the time to each other. You said you liked me too. I wanted you to see me
naked; I wanted to exhibit myself to you. I would dream of you all the
time. My sex life? I masturbated all the time thinking about you. I mas-
turbated, lying on my back - fantasizing you were straddling me, or tying
me up, rendering me vulnerable to your every desire. I would love it -
your face leaning towards me, nipple clamps on my nipples, my penis tied
tightly, a gift for you. I've always dreamed of being your gift, Nikuko.
There are all sorts of perversions - I sensed you have them as well.

And I would love being your gift - I would love being you, clothed in you,
drenched in you, speaking your words, in your deepest dreams. And I wanted
every part of my being to belong to you. And I wanted our assholes to
touch, and our mouths to touch. And I'm obsessed by you. And I'd do any-
thing to make you mine, write your words, become you. Yes, I would love
being your perfect fuck, your perfect masturbation, your perfect words.
Yes, I hunger for you, Nikuko. I always have. And your childhood sent you
to me; I wrote your childhood as well. Did you have a home? Your home is
in my heart. I would love being your gift, yes, yes, yes. I am desperate
to be yours, to adopt your name, to grow breasts, invert my penis, become
loving woman Nikuko. And and and I love seeing your flesh; it imprints
itself on me. Your labia are so beautiful, lips taking the speech of my
lips away. And and and when I see you, I begin to tremble; you are the
source of my neuroses, expelled from me, swollen and introjected by you.
And and and when I tremble, I become wet, my penis becomes partially
erect, and and I await your words. And and and I get close to coming; I
await your words, typed here for you, read there by you. There is nothing
frightening about this; it is simply the beauty of your womanhood the
world's best. And and yes, I would love being your gift, I really really
really would.

Oh yes, it makes me tremble. Oh yes, it is because of your life which is
mine... Oh yes, yes, yes.

Oh yes, yes, yes.


