



The Rebel Girl


I am Clara Hielo Internet.  Please, describe yourself.  Each time you are
finished, type RET twice.

There are women of many descriptions

Why do you say there are women of many descriptions?

In this queer world as everyone knows

Is it because of your desires that you say in this queer world as
everyone knows?

Some are living in beautiful mansions

Maybe and now I adjust my panties - your life has to do with some
girl related to this.

And are wearing the finest of clothes

What makes you yearn and cry that and are wearing the finest of
clothes?

There are blue blooded queens and princesses

Is it because of the boys you hang around with that you say there are
blue blooded queens and princesses?

Who have charms made of diamonds and pearl

Is it because of your nakedness that you are going through all this?

But the only and thoroughbred lady is the Rebel Girl

Is it because the only and thoroughbred lady is the rebel girl that
you came naked and broken to me?

That's the Rebel Girl, That's the Rebel Girl

What makes you believe that's the rebel girl that's the rebel girl?

To the working class she's a precious pearl

Earlier you said the only and thoroughbred lady is the rebel girl?

She brings courage pride and joy to the fighting Rebel Boy

How do you reconcile any fantasies you have of me?

We've had girls before but we need some more

Does it bother you that you need some more?

In the Industrial Workers of the World

Is it because of your sex life that you say in the industrial workers
of the world?

For it's great to fight for freedom with a Rebel Girl

You mentioned that the only and thoroughbred lady is the rebel girl?

Yes, her hands may be hardened from labor

Could be this is some girl the reason for perversions you have?

And her dress may not be very fine

Are you sure that and her dress may not be very fine?

But a heart in her bosom is beating

When did you first know that a heart in her bosom is beating?

That is true to her class and her kind

Is the fact that is true to her class and her kind the real reason?

And the grafters in terror are trembling

Do you really think you need some more?

When her spite and defiance she'll hurl

What happened when she spite and defiance she'll hurl?

For the only and thoroughbred lady is the Rebel Girl

Perhaps and now I exhibit my frocks - your inhibitions are related to
this.

That's the Rebel Girl, That's the Rebel Girl

Is it because of some problems in my childhood that you say that's the
rebel girl that's the rebel girl?

To the working class she's a precious pearl

Earlier you said the only and thoroughbred lady is the rebel girl?

She brings courage pride and joy to the fighting Rebel Boy

Is it because of some problems at home that you are going through all
this?

We've had girls before but we need some more

What makes you think that?

In the Industrial Workers of the World

You mentioned that a heart in her bosom is beating?

For it's great to fight for freedom with a Rebel Girl

How do you reconcile your desires?

[The Rebel Girl, words and music by Joe Hill in jail, February 1913]


