


TETRA


Let us consider a perfect TETRAhedron of VALIUM, the center of a storm
central, calmed; four or two divided, a stasis, save-haven, PROZAC or
serotonin stabilizers, peace.

Why do you say that?

Let us move towards the four interstices, huddled and save in dark corn-
ers, protected against the ravages of everyday life.

I don't understand and oh I want to.

Let us peer through the kindness of CHEMistry at one another, let us calm
one another, lay down our pens and weapons, smile with full and open
mouths.

Maybe and now I adjust my panties - your desires have to do with some girl
related to this.

Let us cuddle around one another, touching lightly the TETRAhedral sides,
and let our tongues lick the smoothed and CHEMical coatings, one substance
against another, huddled, loved, and loving.

Does it bother you that huddled loves someone?

Here we would be safe from questioning, safe from darker debris of worlds
and moons, moons and their hegemonic worlds.

Is it because of your life that you are going through all this?

Through CHEMistry I speak, it is the CHEMistry speaking, proton and neut-
ron and electron, quark and molecule, the buzz of displaced charges, elec-
trostatic moments of unparalleled dreams, hypnagogic imagery, eidetic fan-
tasms apparent and ready for fulfillment within the tiniest of platonic
solids.

Are you afraid of that?

ZOLOFF, XANAX, cannabis, Nikuko, julu, jennifer, TETRAhedron, cube, octa-
hedron, who are you waiting in the wings, what planar substances touch my
shoulders, hold such corners in abeyance?

How do you reconcile the boys you hang around with?

We are tiny two quietly in tiny places and loving cares among our you and
you and me and you and you and me, oh so many permutations and pronouns
loving happiness!

What makes you yearn and cry like that?

The piercing stream of VALIUM-PROZAC against the loving flow of XANAX-ZOL-
OFF, and turning against and through corners, oh you loving hermaphrodite
of smooth and jagged edges!

I don't understand and oh I want to.

We will swallow and swallow and swallow, and we will swallow and swallow
and swallow, and we will swallow and swallow and swallow

Could be this is some girl the reason for your nakedness?

Our you and you and me and you and you and me and pronouns loving happi-
ness of CHEMical-drenched skin, VALIUM-soaked skin, wet and ZOLOFFy skin,
oh heavens of PROZAC and XANAX.

Perhaps and now I exhibit my frocks - any fantasies you have of me are
related to this.

You may look up my long legs

What makes you believe I may look up your long legs?

You may look up my CHEMistry

Is it because of your sex life that you are going through all this?

Ah ..................................................................

Can you elaborate on that and look at me?

Ah ..................................................................

Would you love me more if you had to pay?

My Darling TETRAhedron! My True Love TETRAhedron!

Is it because of perversions you have that you say your TETRAhedron?

Ah You are My True Love TETRAhedron!


