
 

Jennifer Climbs


My New York City is so lovely this time of year, there is real magic in
the neon signs high above Times Square. What would it be like to live up
there, so near the clouds, beautiful neon colors flashing against your
linen curtains (which will do little to keep out the sound of the traffic
below). I can only imagine. I wander and see so many large things moving
and I wonder what Benjamin Franklin would say if he were wandering with
me, all these moving lights like orderly fireflies and no one God the
Creator telling them what to do, they way they flash on and off around the
bushes back home. It is truly a magical wonderland and I cannot imagine
anyone unhappy who could live there in the middle of the lights. 

Now I will ascend to the lights. Some say other people need other people,
but I say, no, the lights are surely sufficient. I rise floor after floor
looking in at so many lives, and now I will be in the midst of the lights
of Times Square, New York City, USA, and the tubes and transformers are
themselves things of beauty, the black metal machinery holding everything
together, making the galaxy pulse and glow.

Here I will contemplate the white horse which is not a horse and existence
which has been stolen, or perhaps never was. For I shall hold existence in
my shiny tiny palm, and existence will reflect the whole wide world in its
many colors. Shall I hold you, existence? Shall I, shall I?

It is a well known fact that if you take the head off a young girl, she is
no longer a young girl who can appreciate beautiful things. You have made
a thing diminished by subtraction, just so if you take the head off a colt
of any color, it no longer roams and whinnies at beautiful sunsets. It is
no longer a colt, but a shame, I would say, to see such a young thing dead
and all, and it never lived long enough to have a name.

A thing is no longer a thing by subtraction, it has lost the rectitude of
the name, I will say, but oh, look at the shimmering signs there, text
scrolling up and down the buildings, I do see that I shall have to learn
to read.

Just so, I would say, a thing is no longer a thing by addition, it has
lost the rectitude of the name, which depends on just proportion, it has
often been said, could I find the source. And just so, a horse is a horse
is a horse, no one would dispute that, but a horse plus white or a white-
ness is no longer a horse, but a supplement, either a white-horse or be-
neath the category of a supplement. For it has betrayed the rectitude of
the name, it is no longer of just proportion, and the empire is rendered
ill-at-ease.

That is why the Ming shih lun, which may be a latter addition, of Kung-Sun
Lung states "A thing is a thing and nothing more. This is actuality." And
it further states "Actuality exhibits actuality. This actuality is not
empty. It has position." And I do say, just as the fireflies do not know
their position but fire up in such orderly fashion and beauty and wonder!
so do things not know their position, of which language is a fallen Ob-
ject. Thus I agree that "Taking it from its position makes it lose its
position. Placing it in its position makes it rectified." (Oh, and now
Kung-Sun Lung is Gongsun Long, according to the rectification of names!)

The position of a horse is a horse! The position of a white horse is not
rectified, or to be sure, is not rectified as a horse, and it is not a
horse. For it is said by Confucius "Once the meanings of names are recti-
fied, they will serve as a standard of conduct." And Kung-Sun Lung says,
in this perhaps later addition, "To rectify that which rectifies an act-
uality, means the rectification of this actuality and also the rectific-
ation of its name." Oh, and Confucius said it's necessary to rectify
names! (Oh, and Who is Kung-Sun Lung?! and Who is Gongsun Long?!)

Therefore, a white horse is not a horse, for not only is whiteness a supp-
lement, but once a white horse is a horse, a dead horse is a horse, a lead
horse is a horse, a wed horse is a horse, a fed horse is a horse, and a
charley horse is a horse. Oh, such language is a disaster! One tiny fire-
fly alone can start a new and lovely pattern, however, so that everything
with additions and subtractions becomes a horse, and there is no end to
it! (Oh, whatever happened to existence!)

And I, Jennifer, say, Oh, it is really lovely that there is no end to it,
that rectitude bends according to the Fashion of the Moment, that Things
Fall Apart, only to reassemble in new and lustrous Ways! And it is a
terrible shame that we do not live forever to see how Now comes out Then
in the future, and how future Then comes out, all disheveled, without
rectitude, and and and

And it is so pretty up here and everyone can see up my long legs!

- Jennifer


