


Plan-et Ground


There are lies without truths; the probability of truth is zero as an in-
finite number of alternatives to exactitude appear to gnaw at the founda-
tions. Everyone from Max Black (and I assume earlier) has noticed this.
I'm not saying anything new. It might not have been Max Black; it could
have been anyone. Further, there are no foundations, not if they're so
thin that they attempt to disappear at the slightest breath of the butter-
fly phenomenon. They don't attempt to disappear; there's disappearance
everywhere at work here in the Cosmos. One false step in a program, and...
Try writing HTML and put an extra < or > somewhere in the middle of a 20k
page and see what emerges! Write a program and leave out the ; at the end
of the line. You're beginning to get the picture - and it's lucky the pic-
ture appears at all, given the compressions, translations, protocols,
transmissions necessary for Nikuko's appearance in Cyberspace, New York.
That's the Aristotelian rag, the classical logics that seem stable on the
level of the real, keeping the values conserved and down. There's an econ-
omy at work here. The breakdown-urge is greater than the holdfast. The
Cosmos are full of part-objects, splatter-phenomena, dispersions without
history, worn curb edges that nothing went past. To put a plan together is
to foresee all possible consequences, defend against them. Any one of six
billion people on the planet might conceivably show up at any moment,
unwanted dinner guests, parasites in Serres' sense of the term. Plans are
always already T-junctions, the thick stem replete with noise, temporary
convolutions, circuit drains. Place the wrong ground in a circuit and
electrons confuse everything, nothing travels much farther, all the images
disappear; they were present for your eyes only, otherwise fallen apart. A
recent rabbinical ruling specifies the name of God online isn't quite a
name; the letters are pixels and independent, nothing stated or erased.
You might think otherwise; you're permitted to think whatever you want,
Speer tracing his footsteps over and over again, walking the plan-et earth
on the prison grounds. There were no grounds; there were firewalls, there
was no escape. The prison grounds grounded plan-et earth; countries sank
into walled corridors and corners. You and I will look up into the same
sky at the same time, our gaze will sustain us across these oceans. Water
has memory; memory has no shape; shape is a gift to water. The T is the
long-sought solution.


