


Making a Mess out of Things, Making Things out of a Mess


An article I want to write describes bungling as a primary condition of
human existence, the confusion that results from a tendency towards tele-
ology on one hand, and the complexity of everyday life on the other. Con-
spiracy theory depends upon transcendence, a world of cause and effect;
bungling theory is based on literal chaos, marked trajectories in colli-
sion. History, obviously after the fact, tends towards conspiracy, if only
through the filtering of the past, and the ideology of that filtering;
making sense of the world is making a world out of sense, that sense con-
structed from senselessness. It is senseless all the way down; there are
no armatures, articulations, that extend beyond immediate domains, and
even universal physical laws apply with such a light force - even death as
such - that the wobbling of the world is always in evidence for those who
see with open eyes. (We fail to see, as if by accident, this is the arti-
cle that I have wanted to write, that sight itself resides at the tail-end
of the whip, the perceptual cleansing of an abjecting world.)

Bungling shapes the destiny of the human; it is a history always already
not yet written, unwritable; it is in fact the nature of states-of-affairs
in the Wittgensteinian and ordinary senses. Nothing proceeds according to
plan because planning is always foreclosed, the result of a game occurring
in a potential well permanently at odds with the rest of the universe, an
impossibility. Heuristics come into play at every localized turn of ev-
ents; the turn is of the nature of the bungle. Throughout, there are impe-
tuses (let us say), trajectories/tendencies which proceed freely for a
while, before hitting a wall or other dispersion. (We fail to see that
obstacles are never placed, but of the order of the real.)

Likewise motives remain deeply and permanently unclear; the ascription of
motive is again an ascription of history, the imputation of meaning. To
accept the deep meaninglessness of the world - including the bungling
within and without the genome - is to begin an understanding which goes
nowhere, because there is nowhere to go. Meaning is a temporary hiatus,
the strategy of substance and presence, just as the sememe presents once
again localized constructs allowing the human to co-exist with its ab-
sence. And beyond or before motives, there is truth itself, already shaken
within the foundations of symbolic logic, but accepted, with considerable
fanfare and maintenance, on the level of the life-world. Once again, iss-
ues of foreclosure and bungling appear, since truth is confined to that
very same potential well - it's as if nothing can get at truth, because
truth can get at nothing. (We fail to see that nothing is just that, not a
project nor a noun.)

For within the well, there is nothing at all, that is nothing ontological-
ly viable - the well parallels the projections of the Platonic cave, a
form of cinematic diminishment allowing meaning to emerge. The cinema is
the model for the construction of meaning, the jump-cut for example as a
concatenation on the level of ideality, the linkages or couplings of
thought. But such a construction can only be a projection or introjection
- one immediately runs into a subjectivity undercutting the crystalline
world of the Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus, which can still be taken as
the analog of orderly non-bungling, no matter how the Sheffer stroke is
tossed about within it. We are still inheritors of the 19th-century, and
conspiracy theory dies hard. (We fail to see that the success of a plan is
an after-effect.)

Which is not to say, by the way, that conspiracies do not exist or are not
successful - but to say that they are not the order of the world, that
assassinations are assassinations, that annihilations have no reason what-
soever, no matter the cause. Or rather that the cause occurs within that
potential well, that the ontological significance is nil, that acts of
violence and non-violence, acts of criminality and acts of freedom and
compassion, on a certain uncanny level, are idiotic in Clement Rosset's
sense - that is, occurring within an inert and bungled world, and now, an
overcrowded world deeply at odds with itself - and characterized by such
odds. (We fail to see the foolishness around us.)

For this reason, it is reasonable to say, we are not making a mess out of
things, but, existentially in fact, we are making things out of a mess, as
if these things had prior commitments. And that such makes us happy and
gives us a life to live, not even in-the-face-of anything or tendency at
all, but within the structural need of the human to by and large persev-
ere, reproduce. Every defeat of the conspiratorial is a defeat for all of
us; every cause that appears set free in the middle of the night attempts
the creation of a new language of transcendental meaning. On one hand, the
ruthlessness of non-truth; on the other, the truth of ruthlessness. We
live by the latter, the former breathing down our necks - like death, al-
ways on the periphery of our project. The subject, us, is always under
construction, and thereby lies the lie. (We fail to see there are lies
without truths.)


