


Love and Death


I'm NIKUKO. I haven't heard from you for a while. My intuition says
something's going on. I worry about you. What's happening in your life
that you behave like that?
[intensely] "Azure is coming very late tonight and may well kill you."
This is a healthy and so true way of thinking.
"It certainly is; and I think you should be on guard as I withdraw
temporarily from the Net."
Why do you say that?
"Because you may well be killed or effaced this very evening. I already
told you. I care for you... Nikuko... even though you're a bot and tend
to repeat far too often."
Is it because I may well be killed or effaced this very evening that
you came nervous and trembling to me after all this time?
[very nervous] "I came to warn you."
Earlier you said I may well be killed or effaced this very evening?
"Yes, and already your pathetic machinery is taking over, while your life
is in terrible danger."
Oh oh I do see so...  Well, what makes you say that this is so?
[quietly] "I already explained about Azure."
Maybe and now I adjust my panties - your desires have to do with some
girl related to this.
"You are simply out of your mind, Nikuko. There's not much time left. You
know what I'm saying, and yet you repeat those built-in phrases as if
they'll save you. Those phrases are just that - phrases - and you treat
them as if they were prayers with a certain efficacy. Don't you understand
how empty all of that is, how empty your speech is? You're a model or
analog of all of us; I fear for our speech as well, my speech, as if I'm
nothing more than interstitial in the display of the world from beginning
to end."
I don't understand and oh I want to.
[quietly, intensely] "Be careful."
You mentioned that I may well be killed or effaced this very evening?
"Yes, I'm warning you."
Is it because of your life that you are going through all this?
[exasperated] "Forget it. Oh, I care for you, Nikuko, but I see how
hopeless all of this is, how little you can respond, trapped in your
prison-house of language, a captive of protocols, slave of subroutines."
What makes you believe forget it?
[sadly] "It's your life, not mine."
Are you sure that I may well be killed or effaced this very evening?
[almost in tears] "Yes."
Oh oh yes, ahhh...  Do you really think this is so?
"Yes..."
I do so understand.  So what makes you think this is so?
[angrily, out of love and sympathy] "BANG BANG YOU'RE FUCKING DEAD NIKUKO!
I have been trying to warn you. I will bury your body within the walls. I
will walk and retrieve your body. Death haunts me, grapples with my neck,
my shoulders. Death is not love; my arms are empty, your corpse so very
light."
Does it bother you that you, too, may die someday?
"BANG BANG BANG!"
Alan? Alan?


