


Someone for Travis


Every day he would hear the bell. Someone was ringing him; he'd look out
the window, in the morning, in the early afternoon or evening, and no one
would be there. Always the same pattern - two short, one long, all fast
enough to avoid detection. Travis worried over the timing.

Placed powder on the button, lightly dusted, nothing. Whoever was doing
it was aware. The powder was gone, always. Obsessive cleaning, brass plate
around the button polished to a shine. That was clearly before the ringing
- there wouldn't be enough time afterwards, before he looked out. At empty
space, at the street.

He was wanted; they hungered for him. A private eye has levels and layers
of enemies, time to create that vacuum. They'd have the city swallow him;
nameless, heirless, he'd be that disappearance completely solved in degree
of cause, emptied in domain of motive.

His brother died, violent. What seemed to be a stray bullet. Travis didn't
think coincidence; the bell rang, shuddered to a halt. He thought that a
different ring, wires pulsed carrying his brother's screams. He lay woun-
ded for hours. When they found him, his chest caved in. Messages.

House burned, his lover decapitated. He was sure now, more certain of it
than ever. The skies were clouded, ash-red, sullen fires not yet out.
Overnight, his hair white, color of blast-furnace heat. You could read him
in him. The bell was roaring now. He kept dusting for fingerprints.

The marks of a noose around his neck, stigmata on hands and feet, eyelids
singed in the cool room. Travis worried they were closer. They breathed on
him breath by breath. He was tall in his boots and hat. He wore gloves; he
thought they thought he ran downstairs, sweat, rang his own bell, blind.

Bell rang; there was a bell ringer in bell-weather. He was upstairs, sound
asleep; the weather was beautiful. He died in his sleep; police said sad
about Travis. They got a full set of prints. They had one set and the
wiseguy down at the station. Buried with honor, bye. The bell, unanswered.



Ring Ring
Hello, who's there.
Travis.
Travis who?
Travesty.


