



Mouthing Lives, Whew!


"--and when I first read Kierkegaard, I said, 'My God! He's on to some-
thing very crucial for me,' which was, how do you actually engage in forms
of philosophical reflection that are inseparable from lived experience and
concrete situations?" (Cornel West interview in The Harvard Review of
Philosophy, Spring 1999.)

If the forms were living, they might be Nikuko and Alan; if Nikuko and
Alan were living. If Nikuko has the concrete situations, measurable in
terms of quota and specificity, Alan has the lived experience; if Nikuko
occupies the realm of the definable, Alan occupies that of immersivity.

If Nikuko constructs, Alan names; Nikuko and Alan meet at the junction of
the appellation: "In uttering an 'Appellation' we wish to remove any
doubts as to the actual meaning. But, how can we utter an appellation?--
With our mouth." (From the Canon, Mo Tzu, in The Works of Kung-Sun Lung-
Tzu, Perleberg.)

The juncture is the juncture of the mouth. A paradox from Chuang-tzu 33:
"Mountains bring out mouths." First image: that of the mountain; second
image: that of bringing-forth (mountain upon mountain, pictorially [not in
terms of origin]); third image: that of a square, mouth: delimitation.
"The empty valley transmits sounds" or echos. A fissure in the earth reso-
nates. One translation states "mountains have mouths" but this overlooks
the impulse behind the exodus. It is the process of the flesh in the real,
or the overture of the real to speech. The valley unfolds like great dark
lips; the momentum of the tongue garners the bewilderment of naming.

The second image, doubled mountain, ch'u, to go forth or out, issue, be-
get, eject. "Primitively it represents stalks growing out of the ground."
(Ingram's old Analysis of Chinese Characters.) "is a hieroglyphic charac-
ter representing the foot protruding past a certain line." (The First Step
to Kanji, Yoshida, Saji, Nishida.) Growing transforms into the issuing of
symbols; the symbolic pours from the mouth as in Mayan glyphics. The mouth
(of the stream, of the valley, of speech and the symbolic, of the graphic
user interface, of the screen) is the suture between Nikuko and Alan; it
is the mouth which speaks both subject and avatar into existence. 

The oath that the mouth makes is the binding of the performative into eth-
os; and it is among oaths that ethos is born. "We meet at the juncture of
the appellation; mouth and name remain indecipherable, indistinguishable."

I think of tattoo: My desire for your name, Nikuko, upon me, your sign,
Nikuko, engraved in hanko as well, covering pages and skin with kisses.
"Qu: 'Does two include one?' Kung: 'Two does not include one?'" yet it is
pointed out, in the original, it is not clear who is speaking. (T'ung-
pien lun, Kung-Sun Lung-Tzu.) Mouth and name, tattoo and number, sign and
quantity. One is never a quantity. One is always a quantity, measure from
the origin, convenient backdrop to the continuum, signifier of measure
polytopes. We are close to the work of Lingis here, or the full and re-
plete body supine in the valley, symbolic and riverine flows throughout.

Later, everything was born. "Love, love, love, have the courage to love,
the courage to be, go down fighting. Whew!" (West.)


