



  For Kripke
  
  
  A white hard horse has one element.
  Why is this so?
  Hardness and whiteness have nothing in common.
  Surely a horse and hardness have nothing in common.
  And surely, whiteness and a horse have nothing in common.
  Whiteness and a horse have in common nothing;
  a horse and hardness have in common nothing;
  and hardness and whiteness have in common nothing.
  Therefore, whiteness and a horse have something in common;
  a horse and hardness have something in common;
  and hardness and whiteness have in common something.
  And therefore whiteness and a horse have something in common
  with hardness and a horse; and hardness and a horse
  have something in common with hardness and whiteness; 
  and hardness and whiteness have something in common 
  with whiteness and a horse.
  And therefore a white hard horse has something in common.
  And therefore a white hard horse has one element in common.
  A white hard horse has no element in common.
  Why is this so?
  Whiteness has nothing in common with hardness.
  Hardness has nothing in common with a horse.
  A horse has nothing in common with whiteness.
  And therefore there is no white hard horse.
  And therefore a white hard horse has no element in common.
  Therefore a white hard horse is not white or hard.
  Therefore a white hard horse is not a horse or white.
  Therefore a white hard horse is not a horse or hard.
  Therefore a hard horse is not a horse.
  Therefore a hard whiteness is not hard or white.
  Therefore a white hardness is not white or hard.
  Therefore a white horse is not a horse.

  Perhaps a white hard horse has a name in common.
  Perhaps a white hard horse remains unnamed.
  Therefore the people are unnamed.
  If the people are named, they have elements in common.
  If they have elements in common, they are a people.
  Why is this so?
  People have nothing in common.
  A name has nothing in common.
  A name is never common. 

  
    after Kung-Sun Lung-Tzu, The Works of Kung-Sun Lung-Tzu with
    A Translation from the Parallel Chinese Original Text, Crit- 
    ical and Exegetical Notes, Punctuation and Literal Transla-
    tion, The Chinese Commentary, Prolegomena and Index, by Max
    Perleberg, Hong-Kong, 1952.


  