




Talking Through Bodies in the Spaces of Muds


Tiffany eats a dagger.
Tiffany eats a piece of rabbit meat.
You say 'we're on'
Tiffany eats a piece of rabbit meat.
Eat what?
Tiffany says 'Good <g>'
You don't seem to have any.
Tiffany says 'I've been eating lots of food here'
Tiffany grins evilly.
> get blackberries
You don't see a blackberries here.
You say 'I can't get your blackberries. 
Tiffany eats some blackberries.
You flip head over heels.
The sun slowly disappears in the west.
The sun slowly rises in the west.
The night has begun.
You throw a snowball in Tiffany's face.
The night continues...
Tiffany says 'auch!'
Tiffany suddenly lunges at you and tackles you o the ground!
Tiffany starts a yodelling session that goes right to the bone.
> thaw Tiffany
Sorry, your victim is not morbidly encased in ice at the moment.
Whose thigh would you like to stroke?
> stroke Alan
You are about to do something you would rather not be caught doing.
Brrrrrrrrr.
You ruffle Tiffany's hair playfully.
Lightning starts to show in the sky.
Tiffany sits down and rests.
You sit down and rest your tired bones.
Tiffany says 'I haven't seen any of those'
You say 'they're in the village, the whole village is different now...'
PRONTO!  You snap your fingers.
Tiffany says 'strange...'
SEEK SHELTER AT ONCE! Tiffany has begun to sing.
PLEASE NO SINGING IN THESE PARTS! says the Orc!
Orc falls over dead!
Tiffany stops resting, and clambers on her feet.
Orc is eaten by maggots!
Tiffany says 'Did you kill Orc?'
Orc says yes he killed me.
The lightning stops.
You say 'it seems emptier somehow..'
Tiffany says 'Do you want to move to other rooms as we talk?'
Tiffany leaves west.
> goto Tiffany
Tiffany leaves west.
> goto Tiffany
> trans Tiffany
[We're in the Post Office]
Tiffany arrives from a puff of smoke.
You say 'look at that... :)'
Tiffany brutally slays the Cityguard!
Your blood freezes as you hear the Citygualrd's death cry.
> kill postmaster
Nah... You feel too relaxed to do that..
Tiffany gets a long sword from the corpse of the Cityguard.
Tiffany gets a pile of gold coins from the corpse of the Cityguard.
You say 'I couldn't kill the Postmaster this time... hmmm... you try...'
Tiffany says 'Did you see I just killed the Cityguard?'
The sun rises in the east.
You say 'I can't do that. Let me try and kill you, 
maybe I can't kill anymore...'
The day has begun.
You get a pile of gold coins.
There were 500 coins.
> say I can't kill any more... 
Tiffany says 'Now you can send mail'
> say try and kill me, say Kill Alan
You say 'try and kill me, say Kill Alan'
> Tiffany chops you to pieces!
Welcome 
Enter the game.
> goto Tiffany
Tiffany gets the corpse of Alan from the corpse of the green 
gelatinous blob.
You say 'this is strange... I can't kill anything, you can...'
You chop her to pieces!  Ah!  The blood!
Your blood freezes as you hear Tiffany's death cry.
Tiffany appears with an ear-splitting bang.
Tiffany says 'You killed me!'
Tiffany gets the corpse of Alan from the corpse of Tiffany.
You say 'stranger and stranger... yes, just then, but I 
couldn't before. I'm sorry. 
Tiffany says 'Look, I've got corpse of you'
> kill Tiffany
You chop her to pieces!  Ah!  The blood!
Your blood freezes as you hear Tiffany's death cry.
> get all corpse
> get corpse
You get the corpse of Tiffany.
> look Alan
Alan is in excellent condition.
> get corpse
the corpse of Tiffany: You can't carry that much weight.
Tiffany says 'You stole my coins!'
You drop the corpse of Tiffany.
You drop the corpse of Alan.
Tiffany says 'Were you carrying around my corpse?!'
Brrrrrrrrr.
You get the corpse of Alan.
You get the corpse of Tiffany.
The corpse of Alan decays in your hands.
You eat the corpse.
You say 'I like these transformations, and if everyone 
could be a wizard (without the ability to change the database)'
You say 'talk could be accompanied by action as well...'
You say 'it's as if the body has presence...'
You say 'but the nomadic quality here is something worth thinking about'
You get the corpse of Tiffany.
You eat the corpse.
Tiffany says 'I agree. I like the concept of aging, death, etc.'
You say 'eating corpses reminds me of Tibet... 
Tiffany says 'Changing landscape - descriptions of objects, places, players 
wouldn't be so difficult'
Tifany says 'I'm more concerned about combat commands since changing kill 
commands into something else would require programming knowledge'
Tiffany says 'though I'm not sure if verbs can be changed'
You fondly fondle yourself, feels funny doesn't it?
Lightning starts to show in the sky
Your cheeks are burning.
You bleed profusely, making an awful mess...
You fondly try to fondle someone not in the room, but who cares.
Tiffany bleeds profusely, making an awful mess...
You fall to your knees and worship her deeply.
Tiffany sinks deeply into thought about the meaning of life.
The sun slowly disappears in the west.
The night has begun.
Tiffany says 'It's in the files ...'
The Postmaster tells you, 'I'll take 150 coins for the stamp.'
the Postmaster tells you, 'Write your message, use @ when done.'
] Hi Tiffany! How are you! I am fine! The weather is fast! Love, Alan
Message sent!
The sky is lit by flashes of lightning and you feel a warm wind from south.
The lightning stops.
The Cityguard has arrived.
> kill Cityguard
You chop him to pieces!  Ah!  The blood!
Your blood freezes as you hear the Cityguard's death cry.
Tiffany looks at you.
You say 'I needed the money for more mail...'
The Postmaster tells you, 'I'll take 150 coins for the stamp.'
the Postmaster tells you, 'Write your message, use @ when done.'
] Here comes another letter, dear Tiffany. I am in Germany! Love, Alan@
Message sent!
The rain stops.
The sun rises in the east.
The day has begun.
A quivering hoard of maggots consumes the corpse of the Cityguard.
You ruffle your hair, wondering how far you can go before 
the rest think you're crazy.
Ah, don't take it so hard.
Tiffany pouts.
Tiffany sits down and stands up again.
Tiffany sits down and rests.
Tiffany stands up and sits down again.
Tiffany says 'Stop it :)'
Tiffany looks at you.
Tiffany lets out a lot of steam, much to your relief.
Tiffany bursts into tears.
Tiffany grits her teeth and fumes with rage.
Tiffany stops resting, and clambers on her feet.
Tiffany begs and grovels to the powers that be.
Tiffany sinks deeply into thought about the meaning of life.
You ponder over matters as they appear to you at this moment.
You stare at the sky.
The sky stares back at you.
You create the master mindflayer.
The master mindflayer misses you with its hit.
The Cityguard has arrived.
You slash the master mindflayer very hard.
The master mindflayer misses you with its hit.
You create the devil rod.
You chop him to pieces!  Ah!  The blood!
Your blood freezes as you hea the Cityguard's death cry.
Tiffany makes a quaint, magical gesture with one hand.
Tiffany has created the slave!
Tiffany makes a quaint, magical gesture with one hand.
Tiffany has created the slave!
> You chop her to pieces!  Ah!  The blood!
Your blood freezes as you hear the slave's death cry.
> kill slave
You chop her to pieces!  Ah!  The blood!
Your blood freezes as you hear the slave's death cry.
It starts to rain.
> kill all
They aren't here.
You say 'fuck the rain'
> look
The Post Office 
The corpse of the slave is lying here.
The corpse of the slave is lying here.
The corpse of the slave is lying here.
The corpse of the slave is lying here.
The corpse of the slave is lying here.
The corpse of the slave is lying here.
The corpse of the slave is lying here.
The mysterious devil rod lies on the floor.
The corpse of the dragon is lying here.
The corpse of the horrifying Mudmonster is lying here.
The corpse of the Nobleman is lying here.
The corpse of the master mindflayer is lying here.
The corpse of the Cityguard is lying here.
The mysterious devil rod lies on the floor.
ARRRRRRRRRRGH!!!!!
Tiffany says 'look at herbalist before you kill!'
ARRRRRRRRRRGH!!!!!
Tiffany makes a quaint, magical gesture with one hand.
Tiffany has created the herbalist!
>look herbalist
The herbalist is a very beautiful young lady who is about 22 years old.  
She has deep brown eyes and shoulder-length chestnut hair.  
Her body is perfectly proportioned and she stands about 5' 5" tall.
The herbalist is in excellent condition.
Lightning starts to show in the sky.
You fondly fondle her.
You kiss her.
You give the herbalist a long and passionate kiss, 
it seems to take forever...
You dream of better times.
You get the corpse of the herbalist.
> You eat the corpse.
Tiffany smiles happily.
...
You say 'the room is a mess....'
Tiffany points in all directions, seemingly confused.
Tiffany looks at the slave.
You fondly try to fondle someone not in the room, but who cares.
Tiffany kisses the slave.
You cuddle her.
You fondly fondle her.
Tiffany brutally slays the slave!
Your blood freezes as you hear the slave's death cry.
Tiffany says 'Oh well....'
The sun rises in the east.
Tiffany says 'I think we should figure out what we're going to do and which  
program we're going to work on since there are things that can be done 
easily on one mud but not another'

