
From sondheim@panix.comSat Sep 16 23:22:16 1995
Date: Sat, 16 Sep 1995 23:02:54 -0400 (EDT)
From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix.com>
Reply to: fiction-of-philosophy@jefferson.village.virginia.edu
To: -- Cyb <cybermind@jefferson.village.virginia.edu>,
    Fop <fiction-of-philosophy@jefferson.village.virginia.edu>
Subject: Leaving the Real



Instead of sending another text tonight, I pass you on the following
beautiful haiku of defuge, sent by someone who was added to a number of
lists without permission at all... And I create the gap between this
statement and the text, hoping that this fulfills the software require-
ments in regard to the placement of command-words in the body of the
message, this body that so desires to _leave._

defense
space
holding
machine
at bay


Subject: unsubscribe cybermind

unsubscribe cybermind
unsubscribe all
unsubscribe *
unsubscribe anything





Hit or Miss Decompositions


Thinking Tethering, Fissure, Spaltung



Who or what is the subject?*

We keep reading poetry because the words are magic; they're split off 
from us. We turn the words over in our mouths, succumbing to desires that 
have nothing to do with surface, tethered words to tethered subjects, 
Saussure's difference, Derrida's differance, hieroglyphs bindings, 
irruptions. Language poetry bends them out of submission, recognition; 
breath returns them to incantation. Everything in the whole wide world is 
the circumlocution of death.

Words and sex are splitting off, closing off, leaving mouth and body 
behind, not towards ulterior virtuality, but foreclosure, sexed language, 
all but the penetration itself.

There's nothing to this, no teleology, trajectory, no marxism, no self- 
consciousness, and especially no simulacrum beautiful classicist copy 
through the intermediary of distorting perspective of reflexivity. It's 
the nothing, the tethering through the wires, packets, exploding into 
community at either end.

As Merlin Donald pointed out, mind's not in the waters, but in the wires, 
throughout the wires. As he didn't point out, it's the foreclosing that's 
fascinating - you can see this happen among the primates as tool and sex 
become categories. Culture is always already excess.

Defuge, abjection, are on the side of the body; they hover around it. Net
sex is filled with s/m, b/d, fluids of all sorts, leaking across the
screen. It's not the desire of the body to appear here so much as the
sphere of fluids floating and regressing on its own. Infantile, I eat
shit, drink piss, a messy body flushed against a screen carefully cleansed
from dust and other disturbances.

In cyberspace, fissures are inscribed, and inscriptions fissure whatever 
they were tethered to, the thing that carries memory away from the machine.

