




1937-95


My new life. What comes to mind is being derailed. The train skids, slides
off one or the other side - tracks have two sides - but the difference,
there's another rail. The lines go where. The lines go, criss-cross one
another, but they're parallel or mainly so. So the train begins to jerk,
it's _thrumbling_ across the rails, scars, it's jostled. So then it's
jostled, now there's a lot of space, it's a cocoon, it's a cylinder or a
mesh or hyperboloid. It's got sets of tracks, intersecting, bending the
space around them, the train's blind, it's following instinct. Let's call
this the drive. There's a woman on the train, she pushes a needle slow
into her nipple; everyone's watching. I'm the train or I'm on the train or
I'm running maybe a couple of cars ahead or behind. The needle comes out
my tit, misses the nipple. There's a perfect drop of blood on the tip and
there's a choir. 

The choir lines the tracks, all the tracks. The choir begins the beginning
of language, not language, but you might say later, that's how it all
began. But they've been stumbling around for a while now, trying to get
the sounds to come back so that the rhythms break. As long as there's the
rhythms there's the magic, the magic stopping the word. Ping, they hit the
cage, for that's what it is, the cage of drives, but it's more open now,
ping, the cage is still alive. Freefall, and the drop turns perfect sphere
balanced in the mouth of the train driving itself forward. Closer. 

I spread my legs and the conductor charges them. They spread further,
invert, needle balanced on a red plateau. I've gone down into them, my
tongue crosses my feet, binds them. The letter's _shin,_ maybe a little
swatch of god. This is all inside. My tongue comes out of the woman, where
her legs meet. You have to picture this, the drive, the instinct of inver-
ted, preoedipal flesh, the tongue with new lips. The woman sews the tongue
to her, says the word hymen. But it's a constant fuck; meanwhile the drive
continues while in the distance there's a conference about what a body 
would do for all of this. 

I come down the aisle, smear _embrace_ on the perfect floor, flood into 
her compartment, it's a train in Europe in 1937, perched on a ledge, 
funnel into her. The tongue moves to the side, lets me in. The tongue 
goes gaa gaa gaa. The tongue goes lala. Down there, a needle holds the 
globe together. It begins to fall apart, there's a war on. Years later, 
there are new generations. There's no rain. Everything begins to talk and 
later still there are stations, where other trains will stop, inside.


