|

Having downloaded the lpmud, I entered as an "utter novice," remaining
within it. I encountered a beggar and a fierce someone called Harry. I 
left the areas, wandered a bit, the only player, signed off my own mach-
ine. I've been reading the codes which are not that difficult, certainly
as easy as the @dig as far as creating objects are concerned. I am unclear
how everything holds together.

Why John Gay?

Because the _first_ admonition is concerned with Bachelardian corners,
architectures, hearths, and I found myself loathe to leave the site, and
loathe to change anything; playing god is problematic when the landscape 
beckons. You must try this. The sense of place is overwhelming, so much
so that I wonder whether instinct is playing a clear role here, a much
greater role than we are willing to admit either in our lives or in cyber-
space. The MOOs and MUDs are homelands staked-out; I prefer the landscape
of the MUD because the territories aren't the productions of my fellow 
travelers; we huddle and talk somewhere. Wizards all, we're part and
parcel of continuous resurrection. But I am getting ahead of myself, some-
thing quite possible to do among the articulated bones of the programs.

And because the _second_ admonition is the inverse of the first, found
only a few lines latter in this poem of 1716. Nothing taints but possible
reputation in MOO-space; everything is cleansed as descriptions and bodies
are quickly interchanged. @describe me as results in anything whatsoever;
in MUD-space of course, one has levels, so the class system constructs 
the self in terms of necessary attributes (power, access, experience, 
etc.). It is the tainting that is most troubling in real life as bodies,
clothes, sexualities, genders, wear out, and even close relationships 
transform into uneasy silences, irruptions, facial expressions, sighs, 
neurotic cycles (Fenichel speaking of neurosis as repetition), that are
so easily avoided in cyberspace...

The MOO provides an ideal community. Imagine: A permanent MOO, inherited,
existing generation after generation, parentage related to the passing-on
of constructs within an infinite data base. You'd always be sure of good
conversation, sexing, friendships, libraries... In real life, there are
tears in my eyes as I think of this, the ultimate Wall...


