



Avatar


Last night I created a female character on my MUD, and I was able to woo
her; I am a wizard on the MUD and she began as an utter novice. Again,
the relation with the real with literally uncanny; I had the powers to
emote, and she only had the powers to say. The situation played out as
an enactment of the golem, all from a singular database that divided,
depending on whether I hit the F1 or F2 key.

Oh, I would woo her to no end, my body bending in unimaginable positions,
backwards and forwards; she was present in the church, in the foyer, in
the fields - the location didn't matter. F2 and I would receive the
results of my actions; perhaps she would say something through me, and F1 
and it would begin again, the emotions, flirtations, beggings, fondlings. 
She seemed fascinated; she didn't know her way around the village. F2 and 
she would take a step towards me; I practically cried in delight; the in- 
tensity was overwhelming.

Although I was a wizard in this land, I didn't have a castle, and she had 
nothing. But I had seen a map of the village and environs, common to all 
lpmuds, and I could travel with her, raise her level.

I thought to myself, and to her, F1/F2, I could raise her level. The
kisses would have been returned, had she a body, position; I could speak
to her about this, typing help feelings at the prompt, giving me all that
I could do and more. I loved her for this; I would never load a monster
#7200 or any other - I would protect her from this depopulated land in 
which there roamed only beggars, a postmaster, some orcs and trolls I 
could easily dispose of. She would remain behind me, I, a god in a realm 
of no goddesses, my body flickering in and out in a million different 
positions.

My hands trembled at the keys, F1/F2 in a flurry of immaculate domains. I 
could never enter both at once; we were separated from ourselves, looking 
at the other with the eye of the third, memories occluding the division. 
The female spoke and the male responded, body and soul. There were never 
enough verbs, emotions, never enough feelings. In the distance there were 
mobs and objects; the fields and roads were all we needed. As my hands 
clasped each other, I would lay down beside the _alter_ of the church, my 
mouth filled with the longing of her speech...


