


What are you looking at?


"Here is seems as though the highly-prejudiced could not for long tolerate
the ambiguity of the design; they needed a firm, simple, categorical memo-
ry. On the other hand, those who were low in prejudice seemed to say in
effect, 'I know this is a truncated pyramid, but I also know it is not as
simple as it might be; there is something individual and unusual about
it.'" (from The Nature of Prejudice, Gordon Allport.)

Over and over again - from neural networking through quantum supermimposi-
tion through non-distributivity - the gesture, with its completing, fore-
closing, and tagging, comes to the foreground (nags). One need only think
of Tran duc Thao's theory of language origins, or Heinz von Foerster on
negation, moving through Hans Moravec's phenomenologies of robot worlds.
Land's early experiments established the completion-work and networking
necessary for color perception; Marr and others built on that. The world
turns out to be fluid, process-oriented, and the paradigm shifts from,
say, the statics of dream interpretation to an emphasis on projectivities
and introjectivities - what I've called 'jectivity' elsewhere, the flux
of phenomenological imaginaries in relation to the real - the Innernet or
innernetworking of the mind.

Couplings and linkages tend towards such incompletions - as does the
phenomenology of the Sheffer stroke and its dual - and it takes law, not
justice, in the real, to stabilize the fragility of communality. Simmel's
stranger in the city, Levinas' alterity, both point to an absolute other
without absolution, and I'd say that applies to the granularity of the
real as well - the substance of the photograph, the ruined sound of lang-
uage, the short-circuited iconicity of the painterly surface, the dissolv-
ing face, and the voice, with its insistent murmurs, that speaks to us in
our sleep.

Even perception, as Allport and elsewhere Sartre and elsewhere just about
anyone makes clear, is a matter of reconstitution, reconstruction, replete
with ideological twists and turns, the continuous maintenance of self and
selves, the _selving,_ say, of the body, the very thinness of its skins,
tissues, voices dissipating in the air. Gestures are always already for-
gotten in their imminence; it is the immanence of "gesture" that attempts
both history and _literal_ reconstruction.

Such a useless enterprise, wisdom entering through the portal of futility.


