



THE REG


I want YOU to read my text in its entirety. I want YOU to kill Jennifer,
Nikuko, Julu, Alan. I want YOUR brain affected, out of control, desultory.
So that YOU will understand the future fully. Now that THAT is said, I
have gotten it OFF my chest. Now I have time to relax, play SHAKUHACHI,
meditate on the real. I want YOU to pay the price. Now I have written THIS
in the form of sentences. Each on a SEPARATE line but through magic, they
appear together. TOGETHER THESE SENTENCES HUDDLE AGAINST THE WORLD. THE
WORLD SAYS HELLO AND THEY SAY HELLO WORLD. THIS IS THE BEST AND SMALLEST
PROGRAM IN ANY LANGUAGE. OH OH print "Hello world"; NOTHING HAPPENS! VERY
QUIET THERE (in the right hand corner) LITTLE THINGS MEAN A LOT. Separate!
@say HELLO in a big bridge to the REAL!


_____________


Grep and Text


I frame; I'm writing frames within frames, no wonder Azure has had to push
Azure over there, reading, but I can also see Jennifer over here, reading,
showing the illumination of the page, O Jennifer. Azure takes over; she
won't let me think that way. I can't think past the frame, O Azure, this
Azure Said, "Azure and I walk to the Brooklyn Central Library together, on
the Grand related." Azure says this is the nature of surfaces, isolated
and lonely admit. Of projects unfulfilled, Azure says, and I say not even
projects, not even The world returns to Azure, Alan, and I am Azure, and I
am trying to find out who you are, why you are here. You this, as if some
girl, but not some girl, but me, Azure, and the linkage that I am a marau-
der, that I am Azure, although I am also known by other names. And it is
difficult to parcel, particulate, fundamental elements. Are couplings too
loose, linkages as well - the difference perhaps between collocations and
relations, or heaps and foreclosures? What does one do with the grain of
the photograph, clearly coupled on the level of the real, linked on the
level of meaning? Does the _punctum_ or uncanny spread across the psychic
negative, garnering meaning out of particles? Of course not, no more than
any phoneme means in isolation. What glues the alphabet? Holds the program
together? What fascinates, that on the level of the superstructure, the
armature seems obvious; on lower levels, everything falls apart. It's al-
ways like that; now that we're scientific, we know it. So there's always
this fear, that the letters will dissolve - the computer virus metaphoric
for dissolution occurring everywhere, Kristeva's revolution in poetic
language which can be seen as a return. It's the granularity of the mass,
after all.  Nikuko, Julu, Alan, Jennifer, recede into the shadows. They
too have waited. Nikuko, Julu, Alan. I want YOUR brain affected, out of
control, desultory. Jennifer to the background. Background, foreground,
everything equalizes. It is as if presence _of a sort_ is near faltering.
Avatar-Jennifer fears literally falling-apart, dismembering; Alan fears
disassociation. Jennifer and the $thing called Jennifer.


