


Azure


Azure moved from California to Brooklyn about a month ago. We are living
together and very happy. Azure is also an emanant online, a disturbance
among the other emanants, that is, real, occupying real and continuous
time, not the emanant time, which is necessarily digital: 1. In relation
to the cycles of computer time, and 2. In relation to online / offline /
online time again. Thus Azure, like Alan, lives a continuous and non-
filmic existence, while the existence of Jennifer, Nikuko, "Alan," and
Julu is dependent upon the jump-cut or erasure/reconstitution.

Things happen in the outer world and things happen through cyberspatial
aura as well, such as the music playing in the background of Cafe.Com
where I type this in Kingston, Pennsylvania. And when this is sent, I will
turn away from the machine, back to the ice coffee on this hundred degree
day in the foothills so to speak of the Poconos or the northern end of
Appalachia.

Azure online is a disturbance, as I said, among the others, bringing the
thin-film memory of the others to the foreground, re-presenting their
long, exhibitionist, and neuroticized history as digital bits and bytes;
the real always already possesses a certain thickness of course. While all
of this is elementary, Azure online creates the space for an investigation
of a certain _inertia_ that is present among the avatars, one might say an
instinct for survival or a drive towards the real or wryting, not writing
- one might say a kind of radicality of representation that insists it is
all there is. And Azure online embraces and perhaps defeats or perhaps
comes to terms with in a most conciliatory manner, the efflorescences
which are named Nikuko, Jennifer, "Alan," and Julu.

It is a form of writing away from writing, writing away from the _sheen_
or edge of writing, much as the taking of a photograph might be considered
(and often is) the removal of a certain property of perception by tradi-
tional peoples, in other words, the theft of an image. One might think as
well of a _corrosion_ of cyberspace by the real, interferences as charac-
ters lose their paradoxical connotation of things-in-themselves, and be-
come instead communicative potentials or tropes. And this is all paradoxi-
cal as well, since the digital is, by its very nature, resistant to corro-
sion, existing forever, eternally duplicable generation after generation
until all of the software and all of the hardware gives out, disappears,
lies forgotten, the disks themselves ultimately and irretrievably corrup-
ted. 

But the corrosion is not on the level of the duplicable, so much as on the
level of the reader or viewer, who turns towards the newer and more prob-
lematic texts, which infiltrate the older - for in the far future, who
will know which texts came first, and for what purpose, and written by
whom, and even according to which protocols and laws?

And it is within the realm of law, jurisprudence, adjudication, that Azure
offline interpenetrates Azure online, that Alan and Azure interpenetrate
each other, that is, within the potential of etiquette, propriety, correct
behavior, both the law of the land and physical law as well playing in-
tense and critical roles. And against these laws one might place, as we
have seen, protocols and programs, applications and (for that matter)
texts of all sorts - Jennifer and Julu and Nikuko and "Alan" killing each
other at will, speaking with languor and yearning across talkers, MOOs,
IRC, and ytalk as well, all the busy forms of chat that form their bodies
and minds and desires, for the viewer and the reader, for the writer and
the maker.

But not with a necessary or _critical_ ethos, but only with the ethos that
_comes to mind,_ fleeting and situational, without imperative, on a peri-
phery, the glimmer of an online constitution of community which may or may
not ... require ... anything in particular.

There are couplings online and linkages offline, and Azure online and off-
line as well makes space for their phenomenologies, for their interpene-
trations as well. Alan and "Alan" tend to see the world as accumulations
of mouths, openings, speakings, murmurs, emissions, spews, vectors, not
even necessarily tract housing or nomadic, but fluxed and membraned - and
all of these may or may not be linked to receptors, parasitologies in the
manner of Serres, threshold logics, Y or T connections. So Azure online as
disturbance, bringing into cyberspace the concept of continuity and not
redundancy, creates links of flesh and blood and mind across screen poten-
tials, again permitting examination of the wobbling of these somewhat in-
dependent orders, revealing their dependencies, the world on the level of
receivers existing within balanced potentials, always capable of corrosion
and decay into chaos, noise, end of transmission.

"Datapoint Corporation of San Antonio, Texas, are a manufacture of 'intel-
ligent terminals' and small computer systems. In 1969, they (along with
Cogar and Viatron) attempted to make a 'great leap forward.' Datapoint
engineers designed a very elegant computer, and contracted with Intel and
Texas Instruments to implement the design on a single logic chip. Intel
succeeded, but their product executed instructions approximately ten times
as slowly as Datapoint had specified; so Datapoint declined to buy, and
built their own product using existing logic components.

"Intel were left with a computer-like logic device, whose development had
been paid for. They were faced with the choice of manufacturing and sell-
ing it, or shelving it. They chose to sell it, called it the Intel 8008,
and the microcomputer had arrived." (from An Introduction to Microcompu-
ters, Vol. 1, Adam Osborne, 1976)


