


1:30,88,110,93,200,63,32,149,167,72,1:40


At 1:30 in the morning here the temperature in the loft is 88 with four
fans and an air-conditioner on full. The heat index tomorrow will be
around 110 and tonight it's over, say, 93 here. With the temporary wall in
place, the loft is extremely narrow; there are piles of things all over
getting in the way of the airstream. I don't know how my writing is doing
because I can't concentrate; my fingers are shaky, and the words shimmer
on the screen - it's almost as if they're about to float off, not listen-
ing to me. I want the words to listen, which means that the migraine
images that seem to be taking over, jagged edges and all, must go away, Go
Away Migraine Images, so that I'll have the space to think and dance the
song that sticks in my throat, continuous water intake or not. Rock dust,
whatever, the computer is also acting up; maybe panix.com is having trou-
bles at their end, or maybe aol.com is ignoring my requests, since panix
won't let me go in on the ppp necessary for direct access. What do I do
but work around problem after problem, and each carries its image and its
frame; I'm writing frames within frames, no wonder Azure has had to push
Jennifer to the background. Background, foreground, everything equalizes
in violent heat and poisonous atmosphere. I can chew the air. I can see
Azure over there, reading, but I can also see Jennifer over here, reading,
and both of them are connected by jagged lightning deep migraine. What I
am seeing is what the letters might have been; I'm sure the symbolic was
created by migraine visions, as if, look here, it's in fact a pure light
showing the illumination of the page, O Jennifer. Azure takes over; she
won't let me think that way. I can't think past the frame, O Azure, this
is it. The imaginary is the condition of cyberspace, the ascii unconscious
that luminous metaphor. They can be found in the heat of dreams; they
perch on shoulders, and ghost-like they condition the self in the midst of
bungled projects. If you don't hear voices, you'll never here the truth or
the truth about truth, that there are paths whose ontologies are never in-
ert. So the letters slip on the basis of shapes having no reason whatsoev-
er: no use to look for them, I'm over here


