


Worrying the Work


Worrying the Work: sections from Beyond Reductivism: The Work of Alan
Sondheim, by Robert Joseph Horvitz, Artforum, December, 1974 - with
comments, Alan Sondheim, July, 1999.

"In the past five years, Alan Sondheim has produced a large body of work,
including records of experiments, performances, notational schemes, and
several book-length essays, that is notable not only for its intellectual
zeal and resourcefulness, but also for its breadth of conception. As with
most artists, it is difficult to sum up what he is trying to do in simple
terms: he has covered a lot of ground. Moreover, his interests seem to
gravitate toward precisely those areas of experience that lie outside the
grasp of analytical reduction, that defy coherent description."

[This slipperiness of my work is still true; at the same time I might
apply analytical methodologies or tools, I will subvert them, bring the
bones to the surface.]

"A more appropriate place to begin is with Sondheim's notion of the 'rich-
field experiment' and a related distinction that he draws between 'immer-
sive' and 'definable' situations. A definable situation, according to Son-
dheim, is one which can be broken down into distinct and relatively self-
evident variables without misrepresenting the essential character of the
situation and without relying overmuch on the intuitive faculties of the
definer. Many mechanical devices, mathematical formalisms, unskilled jobs,
and scientific experiments fall easily into this category. In contrast, an
immersive situation resists such decomposition, possesses hidden and in-
terlocked variables, and typically is one in which an intuition of the
character of the situation is itself a major variable. Examples of this
type might be an emotional depression, a religious experience, or a day-
dream. Between these extremes are a vast number of partly immersive,
partly definable situations; those that lend themselves to rich-field ex-
perimentation are generally definable from a position outside the situa-
tion, but immersive from within it."

[I still work through this dialectic - running through programs and proto-
cols, immersing myself in the rules and regulations of IRC, etc. - crea-
ting situations in which avatars/emanants stutter breathlessly. For such
is the world, that we are constrained - by gravity, by the exigencies of
the electromagnetic spectrum - by law - by institutional regulations - by
protocols - by decisions we half-made in the twilight. Just so we jump,
only to be pulled back to earth, we're shown appearance and blinded by the
sun, we cross streets half-way across the block, we are weak and fearful
in the face of one another. A rich-field experiment has multiple variables
in, multiple variables out, and even the parameterization itself may be
called into question.]

"These rich-field experiments, though done in a quasi-scientific spirit,
are deliberately outside the framework of experimental science. They do
not seek to confirm or disprove a hypothesis, nor do they usually produce
quantifiable results. They are freely heuristic, serving to uncover areas
for further investigation, but more importantly, _they are designed to
provoke and record intuition, analysis, and problem-solving behavior in
general, under circumstances where they cannot be easily applied,_ both on
the part of the subject within the experiment, and the experimenter him-
self upon its completion. By their very nature, rich-field experiments
tend to strain, and occasionally exceed, their participants' ability to
reason their way through the situation to the desired goal. In further
contrast to 'hard' science, there is an obvious advantage in having the
experimenter be his own subject, for in this manner he can gain access to
the qualitative subtleties of the situation that might otherwise escape
him."

[Within video or language or graphics or sound, I continue these exten-
sions, these self-operations, moving through areas of dis-comfort, bring-
ing back news from the frontiers. The "desired goal" itself may be prob-
lematic, as may be the operational real or virtual subject, "my" speech or
"my" actions or "my" language or "my" body. The "qualitative subtleties
are perceived as part and parcel of the comprehension of the world. I have
often thought of my work as an examination of the relationships of cons-
ciousness to formal systems: given, say, that a model of quantum mechan-
ics or a restaurant script might be employed by us (on a conscious or un-
conscious level), what are the phenomenologies of such employment, from
within and without, what and how does it mean to know something?]

"One of the basic strategies in all Sondheim's work is to extend an analy-
tical sensibility into situations which are hostile to analysis, thereby
exposing its limits and points of failure. Through such lapses, one can
catch a glimpse of the deeper, extramethodological processes that normally
lie hidden but which inform all specific analytical constructs with utili-
ty and relevance. The accomplishment of a task, whether it be the manipul-
ation of a four-dimensional figure, the speaking of two monologues simult-
aneously, or the construction of a multipurpose formalism (see below), is
not the real issue. Rather, it is the examination of what occurs _in the
attempt._ The setting of a problem is simply a means for luring the mind
into exposing its inner workings, and the success of a project is modera-
tely indifferent as to whether or not the problem is solved. In many cas-
es, errors can be especially revealing and thus much of Sondheim's work,
particularly the earlier work, can be said to be deliberately 'error-
seeking.'"

[My work remains replete with errors, misrecognitions, drawbacks, apolo-
getics, excuses, self-examinations, exposures, exhibitionisms, the prob-
lems themselves almost unaccountable, unaccounted-for. "Luring the mind"
already recognizes the role of desire and seduction, the mind slipping
past the moorings, the moorings unanchored themselves.]

"The rich-field experiments were recently superseded by another sort of
inquiry which Sondheim had been engaged in intermittently since 1970. In a
way, the basic issues are the same: the ability of the mind to create and
manipulate abstract structures, though by replacing physical situations
with systems of symbolic notation, he was able to bring his 'field-work'
into a more immediate correspondence with his mental activity, and in-
crease its degree of immersiveness as well."

[And what are Jennifer, Alan, Julu, etc., if not systems of symbolic nota-
tion, abstract structures that take on the guise of the living, of auton-
omous mental activity? Complete immersivity is seamless virtual reality,
is the holodeck, is psychosis, is the Klein bottle; there are always outs,
as well as ellipses sliding elsewhere among places, spaces, citations.]

"Since 1973 he has been developing _A Formalism Applicable to the Struc-
ture of Most Disciplines._ The formalism is based on two primitive enti-
ties, 'containers,' which have the capacity to store a finite number of
unnamed units or 'bits,' and 'gates,' which permit the transfer of bits
from one container to another. The movement of bits is regulated by the
ticking of an 'internal clock' so that at each tick, all permitted and
required transfers of bits take place simultaneously."
 
[From this to threshold logics, neural networks, 'topologies of inten-
tion.' From this also to couplings and linkages, examination of the phen-
omenology of the Sheffer stroke and its dual - all relevant to the primi-
tives of programming, demarcation, concatenations. Think of the world as a
myriad of part-objects, buzzings, noises, chaos, catastrophes (in the
sense of catastrophe theory), a world inhabited by neural networks, extru-
sions, contour enhancements and thresholds.]

"For our purposes, and apparently for Sondheim's as well, the working-out
of the formalism, the exploration of its descriptive capacity, consti-
tutes its main value: it is a 'notation that can wander.'"

[Wandering, nomadicism, are critical to the emanants, who meet in MOOs,
IRC, talkers, etc. - who form their own coagulations, communalities, only
to separate again - organisms by virtue of the machine.]

"Over the course of its wandering, which fills more than 200 pages in
several notebooks, one sees the formalism repeatedly overgrown with sub-
scripts, superscripts, indices, and brackets, repeatedly condensed into
new symbolisms, large areas of it elaborated and discarded to fit the
needs of some immediate goal. The growth of the formalism is plainly
organic, despite its mechano-cybernetic facade, and offers to the patient
reader a dense ideoglyphy filled with novel and strange creations.

"But before the formalism settled into a final form, Sondheim began to
reflect on the behavior its development demanded of him: how he regulated
its growth; how, when, and why symbols were introduced; how he maintained
his orientation amid its branching complexity."

[Alan appears as a character in the midst of avatars, maintained just as
they are; the work, to the extent that it is a devouring-mechanism, em-
braces and collapses cyberspace as a w/hole, pointing-towards its varied
ecological niches.]

"A third work in this progression," [The second is _A Logic of Conscious-
ness and Being._] "however, _A General Theory of Reality,_ which Sondheim
is still in the process of writing, incorporates many of the themes and
insights of the previous two into a yet larger framework and at the same
times presents them in a much more accessible form. _General Theory_
starts from the premise that

"'the ordinary world of lived experience possesses three aspects: the
phenomenological, the abstract, and the material. In many instances, the
three aspects are interlocked, but they are somewhat independent and
always mutually irreducible. The emphasis here is on description instead
of explanation. Since the theory is not explanatory, and, for the most
part, is not prescriptive, it does not contain procedures for verifica-
tion. Instead it attempts to operate on a meta-level that allows the
classification of existing explanatory theories.'"

[The last quote from me - and it was not a classification that emerged,
but further windows-within-windows, as if multi-tasking had no beginning
and no end, no origin and no finality, no foreclosure, frame problems
without the frames. _General Theory_ was absurd, in a way that the form-
alism was not - it is as if the world were constantly in suspension, un-
able to move without the Word. But it was I who was immobilized, speech-
less in the midst of so much speech - and the World transformed into
Worlds, and these within and without cyberspaces, filmic spaces, video
spaces, all lashed out against the real, while at the same time begging
for Ontology.]

"As to whether or not his work is art, Sondheim argues convincingly that
it is. He speaks of art as a 'discipline without a methodology,' as 'a
desert where all disciplines may be stripped of their status in the
world,' as 'the field of a cultural microscope [where] what is taken else-
where for granted may be seen anew, where the familiar becomes strange.'
In speaking this way, he accepts the dissolution of traditional art forms
as a positive state restoring to the artist the freedom to question all
aspects of experience, to transcend the conventions of all professional
specialties. This state, however, is one of profound alienation and not
without psychological penalty. Particularly in his longer writings, Sond-
heim shows he is plagued by self-doubt ('his tools desert him, he is a man
afloat'). He frequently expresses the fear that he is deluding himself,
that his work is inadequate and futile. His need to test his own limits,
to take risks and abuse his borrowed tools, sometimes tends towards the 
obsessive, but this merely underscores the seriousness of his commitment.
What dominates in the end is a sense of the myriad subtleties of human
consciousness and the vitality of his own analytical eclecticism. His work
has an intensity and scope that is unmistakably modern."

[to take risks and abuse his borrowed tools, sometimes tends towards the 



