


Conversation of the Sixth Print and the Thumb Print


Azure has six fingerprints on her left hand, five on her right, six on
each of her feet. The sixth on her left hand is on the palm; I imagine
something trying to push out from beneath the surface. Her feet, like-
wise, the souls supporting the spirit aloft.


Azure's sixth print: I'm trying to push out and form my own hand here.
 I need a place to stand on my own soul, souls, help me!

Alan's thumb print: It stands to reason, but what is reasonable here?
 Your sixth print has no finger or thumb for the grasping; it floats
 on your palm, has no place to rest; it tries for the nub, but succeeds
 only in the plain.

Azure's sixth print: There are prints of the plain and prints of the
 finger or thumb for the grasping, prints of the mountains and hills.
 Peoples of the plain carry the imaginary within them; peoples of
 the mountains and hills live within definition; they grasp at straws,
 their souls are the souls of their feet.

Alan's thumb print: Definition is what secures the abyss; without def-
 inition, there are no things, emptied vessels grasped by featureless
 fingers, denied even the proper name.

Azure's sixth print: The proper name carries itself; existence is al-
 ways already a carrying, as Michel Tournier pointed out in The Ogre.
 On the plain, determinacy is at the center of the eyes; one breathes
 the cosmos, identifies with inconceivable plasma.

Alan's thumb print: Plasma would burn you alive, memories lost, even
 of proper names, places no one has ever heard of. You are lost in
 universal immensity; your mistake is that you refuse to believe it.

Azure's sixth print: Think of finger prints as a sign; then I am all
 the sign there is, without referent, without finger or thumb, nothing
 to grasp - the imaginary is what fuels this, I am the proper name,
 its origin.

Alan's thumb print: Signs must have referents, even within their 
 chains of being and nothingness; they push towards the sign as you
 push towards the nub.

Azure's sixth print: I do not push; you fail to under the murmuring
 of the sounds just beneath the surface of the name, ululations,
 whispers, the sublime.

Alan's thumb print: I am useful, a catalog; I am the identity of the
 criminal and the driver.

Azure's sixth print: The sublime, the high and painful arcing of 
 beauty in a world gone wrong, the infinite travel of the eyes up
 the peaks of the Northern Sung, water scattering light, skittering
 of insects barely visible upon the surface.

Alan's thumb print: You forget they have names as well, one obeys the
 universal call of naming, the going to and fro where we are, place
 from space, all breath and exaltation.

Azure's sixth print: And you begin to understand, this exaltation in
 the midst of the grasping, exaltation by Heideggerian releasement,
 nothing to exalt in

Alan's thumb print: The myriad

Azure's sixth print: the myriad and the myriad

Alan's thumb print: the myriad and the myriad

  ...

  ...

  ...

  ...


