


Azure Said


Azure and I walk to the Brooklyn Central Library together, it on the Grand
Army Plaza, it's hot out, we take the stairs up into the building, it's
not that cool but it's bearable inside, we take an escalator to the second
floor, we're all right, up the stairs to the Art and Music on the third
floor, there are shelves and shelves of books, beautiful tables, monitors
for catalogs, nothing for online at this level. Every book has its little
truth and I look at them all and I don't have the time for each and every
although that is the way the world's described. But what I mean to say is
that the books contain surfaces which are _double-sided,_ unlike the real,
and there is no return from one to the other, no Mobius, as someone said,
Here's a Klein Bottle, Apply Within. Every surface is internally ordered
and every surface is ordered in relation to the rest; each is a Barthes
_punctum_ to the others, a collection of point-sets we like to believe are
related. Azure says this is the nature of surfaces, isolated and lonely
and communal and needy, and I know it is inherent to them, that all nature
is intrinsic. Nature is intrinsic to all, the need of couplings and link-
ages.

I am her Trilby to her Svengali and she is my Trilby to my Svengali. [her
her][my my]. Trajectories meander, return across surfaces, just like Jews;
Sartre might have said that if trajectories didn't existent, Europe would
have to create them. I look up Svengali on Altavista, Hotbot, Google, and
only the last has anything immediately useful. Something smacks of the
Jew, antisemitism digging deeper. I think Svengali's mental. Shape-riding
transforms information into hegemonic fuck, something no one wants to
admit. Azure likes the heft and I think the mass of the book, mass of _the
thing,_ somehow equivalent to the density of labor making and inhabiting
the data in the first place. 

But hegemonic fuck ingests it, the world inside. You're always naked on
the Internet, riding the wires inside you - they're weightless, belong to
nobody. Svengali and Trilby make perfect fuck, sharing their imaginary.
Their eyes are always closed, nothing to look _at._ We're like that,
movies in our eyelids. The stairs are weightless too, we float above
Brooklyn knowing this happens once in every lifetime. There are hills
everywhere and sometimes people disappear.

See Alan run. See Azure run. Jump, Alan, jump. Run, Alan, run. Azure jumps
Alan. Go Azure go. Alan goes to Azure.


