


So Much For Ghosts


I am Nikuko.  Please, describe yourself. 

I am Azure, and I am trying to find out who you are, why you are here. You
are not quite here. Are you.

Is it because I am there I am not quite there are me that you came naked
and broken to me?

I came fully prepared, thank you. You are the one naked and broken. You
you you.

Why do you say that?

Because I want to move you out of here out of my life. And because I am
tired of irreality, tired of ghosts, tired of others, tired of faked
hauntings.

Does it bother you that you want to move me out of there out of your life
and because you are tired of irreality tired of ghosts tired of others
tired of faked hauntings?

No, but it should bother you, you are too limited to live, you don't.

When did you first know that it should bother me I am too limited to live
I do not?

At the very beginning. When I needed to clear a space. When I needed the
empathy of all things. When I searched for mono no aware.

What happened when you needed to clear a space when you needed the empathy
of all things when you searched for mono no aware?

I wanted to rid myself of you like I would rid myself of a fever, such I
will do, such is being done.

Earlier you said I am there I am not quite there are me?

You are not there. I am tired of machines. I am very tired of machines.

You have your mind on machines, it seems.

Yes. Machines have only couplings, concatenations; life has linkages, ef-
fects up and down the chain. Such as it is, paradoxically. Because necess-
ity with the machinic is built-in; necessity among lives is a matter of
entailment, local teleologies.

You think too much about machines.

So that a coupling can break without loss, absolution, recompense. But an
organism, that is something else again.

Is the fact that a coupling can break without loss absolution recompense
but an organism that is something else again the real reason?

Your questions betray this; they are precisely of the order of couplings,
not linkage; they have no _claim._

Maybe and now I adjust my panties - your desires have to do with some girl
related to this.

Exactly. Desires are a form of entailment, and Alan is writing me into
this, as if some girl, but not some girl, but me, Azure, and the linkage
is as strong as any rings.

I don't understand and oh I want to.

There are numerous orders, machinic, cyber-prosthetic, real-organic; there
are couplings and linkages. I am linked; I have come to separate coup-
lings, insofar as they are machinic, that is, concatenations without ties
or bindings among their elements.

Does the fact that is concatenations without ties or bindings among their
elements explain anything else?

That I am a marauder, that I am Azure, although I am also known by other
names, all of them real - that I am here to fight among and against the
regimen of ghosts.

Are you sure you are a marauder that you are azure although you are also
known by other names all of them real that you are there to fight among
and against the regimen of ghosts?

I am positive; your question is nothing more than repetition.

You mentioned that you want to move me out of there out of your life and
because you are tired of irreality tired of ghosts tired of others tired
of faked hauntings?

It was more than a mention; it is an impetus, an imperative.

Is it because of your life that you are going through all this?

It is something that the human has always gone through, waged against the
symbolic.

Is it because the human has always gone through waged against the symbolic
that you came naked and broken to me?

You repeat; I will bring this to an end; it is you who are naked and
broken...

[...]

( I won't tell you what Nikuko said any more! says Azure. So much for
ghosts! )


