



Like


Couplings are to avatars and cyberspace as linkages are to organisms and
realspace. Cyberspace appears linked; routers and protocols create a
coherency filtering out noise. Whatever passes, passes, is information,
command and control. But the linkages are necessary only in terms of ex-
ternal teleologies; they are present by foreclosing, and couplings / con-
catenations dominate. So change Nikuko with @gender; change the elements
of a program - array contents - and meaning flounders, but remains pre-
sent. Like what is realspace anyway?

Realspace appears coupled; events happen randomly, unrelated to one ano-
ther, and protocols such as the transcendence of gravitation appear sub-
structural, subtextual, at best. But couplings are related by meaning, by
the inertia and style of the real; the real, in relation to organism, is
always already linked. Like a linkage is that which, upon the change of
one element, all change; a coupling is that which, upon the change of one
element, only that element changes. You can't get more basic, than that,
whatever.

Both orders dominate their domains, both are uneasy in their domination.
It is as if presence _of a sort_ is near faltering. Avatar-Jennifer fears
literally falling-apart, dismembering; Alan fears disassociation. Jennifer
operates in the realm of miracles, Alan in the world of continuity. The
linkages of the machinic are local; the couplings of the real appear uni-
versal. Like the universal is the local foreclosed, everyone knows that.

Oh, these terms are a melange. Like there should be any truth to any of
these things, whatever. As if there were things in the first place or the
last place, and that sort of thing. Oh my god, you wouldn't believe it
unless you were an operator. Like if you were able to think clearly about
this, uncoupled, picking and choosing, but like the world just isn't that
way made. It's not made anyway. See what I had to say about the symbolic
just before. Like these are continuous texts.


