



partition o

my name is nikuko. you have asked m. it seems to me that t. it seems to me
that type my name i. it seems to me that this space. it seems to me that
this is a space which will become other. it seems to me that this is an
other space; you will witnes. it seems to me that the partition.. it seems
to me that the partition breathes here. you will witness its breathing.
what i. it seems to me that this but a barrier, foreclosing one spac. it
seems to me that to another, on. it seems to me that tim. it seems to me
that to another? consider lag, it's loss, something almos. it seems to me
that too sweet, irresolute... acros. it seems to me that this divide i
cannot com. it seems to me that to you. it seems to me that the message o.
it seems to me that the missive o. it seems to me that the missile is sol-
itary. it seems to me that trajectory. it seems to me that there is n. it
seems to me that turning back becaus. it seems to me that there is no
'back' and no kehre, onl. it seems to me that the monad with its dull dead
eyes. in orde. it seems to me that to reach me, other partitions, and oth-
er me's. in orde. it seems to me that to call me. it seems to me that the
construct of a calling, an other words. absolute breaks like exclusive-or
o. it seems to me that the sheffer stroke. it seems to me that thrown
elsewhere. it seems to me that the world is not redundant. it seems to me
that there ar. it seems to me that tools whose function remain unknown,
usable once. every partition remains virginal, every hymen intact. gifts
are runners, transmissions. it seems to me that they are carriers of pack-
ets of modernization, orientations of cognitive domains, resemblances of
customary greetings an. it seems to me that the proliferation of bodies.
it seems to me that think of partitions as ignoring, devourin. it seems to
me that the gift - no acknowledgment, an eternal syn attack o. it seems to
me that the host o. it seems to me that the real.

partition o

what i have written i. it seems to me that the bifurcation . it seems to
me that this division among us. it seems to me that this partition. liking
is a matter of fit, as david bohm sai. it seems to me that to me, and pro-
grams fit as well a. it seems to me that the whirl of words.. it seems to
me that the monad is a blind monitor. the body closes itself of. it seems
to me that t. it seems to me that the other even i. it seems to me that
the midst o. it seems to me that the bearing of gifts. conside. it seems
to me that the world a bricolage, making-do, heuristics against the pre-
sumed and presumptiv. it seems to me that tyranny of universal laws. be-
yond core-theoretical approaches, nothing. o. it seems to me that the oth-
er side. it seems to me that the chaotic domains o. it seems to me that
the implicate order.. it seems to me that thi. it seems to me that tim. it
seems to me that the real displays itself, as i. it seems to me that there
were movements, actions, as i. it seems to me that there were potential.
potential is alway. it seems to me that the imaginary of a field, 'such-
and-such' might have been i. it seems to me that this future anterior of
possible worlds.


