


The Soldier


The solder fights a battle. The general goes to war. The politician is
elected. The plumber fixes pipes. The electrician fixes wiring. The pro-
grammer writes programs. The doctor heals patients. The nurse takes care
of patients. The lawyer wins for clients. The policeman arrests criminals.
The president runs the country. The teacher educates her children. The
mailman delivers the mail. The professor teaches his students. The deliv-
eryman delivers his goods. The athlete wins games. The waiter brings food
to customers. The cook cooks the food. The factory-worker makes things.
The artist makes paintings. The priest heals his parishioners. The rabbi
counsels his congregation. The janitor cleans his buildings. The social
worker takes care of the poor. The sanitation worker takes the garbage.
The engineer drives the locomotive. The taxi driver takes passengers. The
pilot flies the plane. The zoo keeper takes care of animals. The writer
writes books. The criminal breaks the law. The cobbler repairs shoes. The
shoemaker makes shoes. The jockey races horses. The entrepreneur makes
money. The repairman repairs things. The actress acts in movies. The poet
writes poetry. The designer designs things. The gardener takes care of
gardens. The painter paints houses. The secretary assists her boss. The
mail clerk sorts the mail. The student studies. The clown entertains chil-
dren. The dealer sells drugs. The singer makes records. The fan worships
musicians. The builder makes houses. The haberdasher sells hats. The tail-
or makes clothes. The seamstress sews clothes. The farmer grows crops. The
rancher grows cattle. The naturalist studies nature. The mountaineer kills
animals. The fisherman fishes. The hunter hunts animals. The agricultural-
ist studies crops. The geographer maps the world. The mathematician writes
mathematics. The scientist makes experiments. The astronaut walks in
space. The comedian makes people laugh. The dancer dances. The prostitute
sells her body. The radiologist gives x-ray treatment. The veterinarian
heals horses. The oceanographer studies oceans. The archaeologist studies
the ancient past. The historian studies history. The anthropologist stud-
ies human societies. The linguist studies language. The sociologist stud-
ies our society. The etcher makes etchings. The psychiatrist helps people
with mental problems. The mother raises children. The father raises chil-
dren. The biologist studies all living things. The botanist studies
plants. The zoologist studies animals. The geometer writes geometry. The
accountant manages money. The analyst analyzes money. The financier gives
to charity. The gigolo lives off women. The cartographer makes maps. The
jeweler sells jewelry. The baker makes bread. The milkman delivers milk.
The referee referees games. The judge judges criminals. The chemist makes
chemicals.

