



Little Lesson of Homilies and Morals


Years ago I taught a textbook, Art After Modernism, and man, I remember
being so excited by it so that I couldn't see straight! I wanted to be in
it as well! Now, I found the book, worn and second-hand at a bookstore,
looking old, but the texts are as fresh and useful as ever. Immediately I
started reflecting on the aging I'm going through on the way to death, how
I have memories which are _these_ memories and no others, memories of
_this_ unfolding world and no other. I would love my mind to play tricks
on me. But there is something to be said always about the inertness of the
real, in relation to possible worlds theory - that almost everything
appears after the fact to be a natural kind, implicit in the makeup of
memory and thinking, and the rest, all those untaken paths, paths known
and unknown, are elsewise to such an extent that they do not affect the
body, the way the _one_ path does, the _one path_ we are setting down our
whole life. It is only later and latest that the path appears _as such,_
and there is a great sadness with its appearance; it's delicate, ephemer-
al, in the midst of others which were lost. Yet it contains those natural
kinds which are the natural kinds of memory, those tagged, interrelated,
and taken for granted. Because of this, because of the inertness, it's
clear that the natural kinds of, say, Kripke or those possible worlds, are
processes of community formation, that they intend communalities and com-
monalities of history. But I am aging and what do I know.

The same of course is true of philosophy; _these_ are the authors I have
read, and no other, I might have taken those other courses, might have
become an entirely different person, what if Wittgenstein's Tractatus
wasn't available in Israel, on the shelf before me, in 1962? I read it
naively; I had no idea what I was doing, but the resonance was there, and
as a child I did pick up such a book and hold it close to me. Were I such
a child. Were I such, but not; I become untouchable, repelled by my own
history, all too fragile, gasping for air, caressing and cultivating the
Thing which remains just adjacent to unequivocal death.

The path is mine alone; the walls, floor, and ceiling are mine. There are
no doors; later, one knows as well that the windows are absent.


