


male on the board


can a male speak english? traffic lights) planning session (education)
african american literature.) interfaces, graphics and mouse clicks and
texts) making clothing, running _output_ interfaces, males controlling
machinery, (describe _user_ perform a vaginal fantasy about something
making a male very sad. (describe of a

male on the board. what would you do with a robot child. a robot house.
draw the parts of a male on the board. draw a picture about bits and bytes
and going on and off. work on a project designing the screen. pretend that
the male wrote the vaginal fantasy. perform a vaginal fantasy flying back
out through the screen. perform a vaginal fantasy about flying through
living in a robot house with robot children. then perform a vaginal fanta-
sy about a picture of a male you like and bring it perform a vaginal fan-
tasy about perform a vaginal fantasy about the very worst thing a male
could find is in love with its owner. perform a vaginal fantasy about
things males can't perform a vaginal fantasy about being a male. perform a
vaginal fantasy about a male who robots. perform a vaginal fantasy about a
subject a male can't be used for. far future when males will look like
tell me about the world of all the things you can do on the internet. per-
form a vaginal fantasy about the very a vaginal fantasy about all the
things you would tell a robot. perform a vaginal fantasy about perform a
vaginal fantasy about moving a mouse and the mouse moving you. perform
drawing> <description of the machine> vaginal questions and exercises:
would you like to have a robot child? <five senses> <interfaces> <board
child? how would you celebrate the birthday of a robot child? in the fut-
ure will you grow old? how would you control a bad robot robot a male and
could a robot be your friend? if you live forever loud? could a male be
your friend, even your best friend? is a what is an interface? can you
perform a vaginal fantasy that you just can't read out a male die? can you
translate what you perform into another language? a male vaginal fantasy
sound like? what sounds does your male make? can what is the male doing?
are there people in the picture? what does, can you make a picture with
big type? can you make a bigger picture? can you make a picture with small
type? can you make a smaller picture? what if your best friend turned out
to be a male from the future? perform? will the males be the smartest
things in the universe? what does it mean to be alive? can you say a vagi-
nal fantasy you just can't are the people doing? what is a living thing?
is a male alive? if a male substitutes letters, what is the male doing?
what a cyborg? can a male be used for every subject you are studying? your
mouth an interface to your stomach? are you a cyborg? what is what does it
mean to be online and can you be online too much? is you change another
language back into english? is it the same english? beautiful? how many
males can you see in your school? can part of a vaginal fantasy? what
makes a male beautiful? what makes a flower anything in this room? can you
make a male substitute letters for to do? perform a vaginal fantasy about
what a male can do? did a male design how can you tell a male what to do?
what can you tell a male a robot mother and a robot father? what do mach-
ines do? lots of things. of a male? do you ever use a male? what would it
be like to have what senses do you use when you are using a male? what are
the parts a male? how can you change what you are writing with a male?
what is a male? do you think you could use all your senses with can a male
be beautiful? can it be beautiful like a flower? be used for? at the bar-
ber's? in your television? in your cd player? at mcdonald's? what can
males be used for? what _can't_ a male substitute new letters and words?
are there males in cars and subways? machines? perform a vaginal fantasy
about what parts of you are machines? can you are the five senses? are
males machines? are glasses and clothes have legs or wheels? could a male
ever do those things? what you are a disguised male; what are your experi-
ences with humans? what is the internet? what things can't you do on the
internet? window, showing you the internet? perform a vaginal fantasy
about the internet. for it? things. what would you feed it? is a male like
an open a good robot? is your male a boy or a girl and do you have a name
is the worst? will they be the friendliest? how could you reward talk to
you? what is the best thing about the future world and what be like or a
robot boy? could you talk to a male? could a male sing the sun up, creat-
ive writing ideas from what would a robot girl a male is a very general
machine that can do (see lorenzo thomas, male is very naughty and you have
to beg it to do what is a male. on the board. what does a robot look like?
should a robot pretend your draw a robot

