


Review of Alan Sondheim by Azure Carter


His work is full of pretension; it makes claims for its existence as "a
certain future of writing," but does nothing to substantiate this. He is
rightfully ignored by poets and artists alike; there is something unseemly
in his use of avatars - and this seems evident to everyone but himself.

He is arrogant and aggressive; not only does he make these claims, but he
refuses to discuss them further. Although he is loud and self-proclaimed
"edgy," he uses his reclusivity as a form of defense. In fact, all of his
writing is defensive; he's willing to strike out, but not to be struck.

Therefore he sees everything as a battlefield, to which he offers both his
mind and body - but not really. This is part of the hypocrisy of the work
- that nothing _really_ happens at all. Instead, it tends to become repe-
titive, the same themes and words heard over and over again.

Likewise he is far too caught up in bodily functions and obscenity, as if
either could push writing or philosophy a single step further. While he
lives comfortably, he gloats about "tap-dancing on mean streets," siding
with those who are really in the midst of struggle - another hypocrisy.

The enormity of his output indicates either a deteriorating or an arrogant
mind, for whom every word is precious and worthy of a public. Clearly,
little, if any, editing is involved in his writing, which goes on and on
obscurely, with little regard to quality or a public.

His philosophical claims are tedious and naive; he is no philosopher, but
abuses philosophical terminology, constantly hedging his bets, as if that
were the royal road to truth. His self-reflexivity is likewise exasperat-
ing and narcissistic; self-immolation carries pride but no inherent depth.

Such pride, coupled with his apparent need to survive at all costs, does
nothing but create absurdity, for on one hand he desires fame and recogni-
tion (for undeserving work), and on the other he begs the company of other
writers, artists, and thinkers, while offering no rewards of his own.

Indeed, his work is little more than the whining of a neophyte bent on re-
creating the world through ignorance; what remains is only a crude phenom-
enology of collapse. There are indications that he is both a virtual and a
real thief as well; there is no other explanation for such volume.

For depth is not the result of turgidity, nor do fragments, no matter how
hysteric, constitute either a consideration or a system of philosophy. The
fragment is the last defense of the intellectually ignorant; it appears as
if everything and nothing is said, and as easily as swallowing a pill.

In conclusion, his work is unwholesome, blemished, decayed; his attempt to
transform these attributes into content fails, and one is left with the
need to turn away, move on, to more rewarding texts. Scars, after all, are
only scars; to assign them philosophical status is the height of pretense.

And it is clear that the Net itself fosters such pretense; anyone may open
a site and create a world. Almost none will stand the test of time; almost
none will survive. New absurdity will drive out old; his work, weaker than
most, will die in the hothouse it attempts to present as thought.


