


Magatama


"The water forms parts like saliva (lala), marrow and blood. Energy gives
rise to hunger (kshudha), sleep (nidra), thirst (trishna), lassitude (al-
asya) and lustre (kantu). The wind produces anger (raga), spite (dvesha),
modesty (lajja), fear (bhaya) and ignorance (moha). The sky gives rise to
holes (chhidra), gravity (gambhirya), hearing (shravana) and mind (sat-
tva)." "The senses of intelligence (buddhindriya) are the ears, the skin,
the eyes, the tongue, and the nose." "There is a complete correspondence
between the human body and the universe." (from Great Epics of India: Pur-
ana 17, The Garuda Purana, Dipavali and Bibek Debroy.) Gravity emanates
from the holes, there are ghosts between the human body and the universe;
the human body and the universe are the ends of transitive beings, virtual
idols, among whom are Webbie Tookay and Kyoko Date, the first in their
worlds. Among the first worlds are winds and skies; among the second are
waters, whose shape is that of the container out of the corner of the eye,
the corner of the eye of intelligence, the residence of threes and fours,
Nikuko, Julu, and Jennifer, and Nikuko, Alan, Julu, and Jennifer. Do fol-
low the path of Nikuko-Julu, I have drunk hir urine; do follow the sky of
Nikuko-Alan, I have swallowed hir feces. Through Bion I have cut and re-
cut the recit of the body: 
"Nov, (date)   My God, my God! 
"Nov, (date)   !!!
"Nov, (date) 
"Nov, (date)   been with her brother!! At last 
"Nov, (date)   must (illegible) 
"In so far as the patient's name was correct, the entry could be called
"evocative." (from W. R. Bion, A Memoir of the Future.)
"Muktas (pearls) can be obtained from eight different places - from eleph-
ants, clouds, boars, conch-shells, fishes, snakes, oysters, and bamboos.
But oysters are the most common source., Pearls got from bamboos, eleph-
ants, fishes, conch-shells and boars are not at all bright. Balasura's
teeth feel into the ocean. There the teeth entered the bodies of oysters
and became the seeds for pearls. A pearl which weighs half a tola (a
weight) is worth 1305 coins. There are several other grades for pearls,
the worths being 800, 783, 325, 200, 110, 100, 97, 40, 30, 14, 11, and 9
coins respectively." (Debroy & Debroy, ibid.) "The disjoined signifiers of
the present are fixed in the punctual periodizations of market, monopoly,
and multinational capital; the interstitial, erratic movements that signi-
fy culture's transnational temporalities are knit back into the teleolog-
ical spaces of global capital. And through the framing of the present
within the 'three phases' of capital, the innovative energy of the 'third'
space is somehow lost." (from The Location of Culture, Homi K. Bhabha.)
Jennifer claps her hands in glee; Nikuko buries herself in ghee; Alan
drink Nikuko's pee; Julu devours the trinity; Jennifer stands up to see;
Nikuko covers herself in brie; Alan wets himself to be; Julu offers her-
self to me. "Several other jewels were created from other parts of Bala-
sura's anatomy." (Debroy & Debroy, ibid.)


