(lc)

                                                            Alan Sondheim

Our Future Love


i.

"It would be quite scary if someone were really inside a personal compu-
ter, don't you think? Anyone who thinks that I am "non-existent" because I
am a virtual idol may believe that I exist only in the personal computer
or in the world of computer graphics. But those who think that Kyoko Date
is someone they can relate to may believe that I am like a pen pal people
used to have when it was cool to have pen pals. Kind of like a creature
living in people's hearts." (Kyoko Date, Date Kyoko, interview)

Kyoko Date, like Webbie Tookay, or Diki (the Korean version of Kyoko), or
Sharon Apple, is a _virtual idol,_ a digital persona, created by program-
mers and designers (in this case, HoriPro corporation). These idols are
becoming increasingly prevalent in an already media- and spectacle-satur-
ated world. Webbie Tookay, for example, is one of the first _virtual mod-
els,_ produced by the Elite model agency; she never tires, can hold poses
forever, and works around the clock. Diki (see part ii. below) is amazing;
a recent video shows her construction as a virtual Pygmalion come to vir-
tual life - which is literally, of course, what has happened. It should be
noted that HoriPro apparently didn't back Kyoko up after her 1996 debut;
it was only after she faded that she reappeared in Korea.

In anime (Japanese animation) and manga (Japanese comics), there are also
virtual idols; these forms are followed by _otaku,_ Japanese for someone
obsessed by any hobby (the term is derogatory but has been taken up by
many of the fans themselves). Sharon Apple is another virtual idol, star-
ing in various anime; there are dozens of webpages devoted to her.

And there are other related forms, for example Kamishibai, small online
"plays" presented at http://otakuworld.com; on the screen, there is a
small puppet theater; you begin "games" by clicking on a series of titles
- each one tells a story through text, sound-effects, music, and limited
animation. There are also PlayKiss "games" with anime (and some photo-
graphic") "dolls" that can be dressed and undressed, using the mouse; the
result is an odd sort of fetish-play. Kyoko Date appears in one PlayKiss;
anime figures appear in Kamishibai, etc. There are cross-overs all across
and over the place.

Below, I've presented some preliminary analyses and sources for all of
these. I also discuss my own projects/projections, based on several
avatars - Jennifer, Alan, Julu, and Nikuko; these are text-based charac-
ters I write through (or who write through me), often appearing on Inter-
net Relay Chat (IRC, a form of real-time typing back and forth on the Net,
the ancestor of things like ICQ and AOL Instant Messenger) or MOOs (text-
based virtual reality spaces, where people come together to chat, program,
or just watch the goings-on), or other interactive applications. The texts
"by" Nikuko, for example, are my own; they question identity and author/i-
ty issues, as well as appear to "come to life" apart from me; there is
further information at http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt and at
http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/index.htm


---------


Japan, the _source_ of the Kyoko Date, Date Kyoko emission, her music dif-
ficult to find now, three years later -

Kyoko Date, Date Kyoko, created 1996, trans/lated recently into Korea,
project of HoriPro (http://www.horipro.co.jp), entertainment/animation,
virtual models (http://www.elite-illusion2k.com), Rebecca, Sharon Apple
(for example http://www.usagichan.com/AX96Sharon/), virtual idols (see
http://www.tcp.com/doi/seiyuu/books/virtual-idol/), anime (see Helen Mc-
Carthy & Jonathan Clements, The Erotic Anime Movie Guide, Overlook, 1999),
TokyoPop (http://www.tokyopop.com), various distributions - energy in the
sound, labor in the specificity of gathering backgrounds and foregrounds;
I began losing myself in the midst of the thick otaku fandom, passing
through the PlayKiss (remove the dolls clothes with your computer mouse -
even Kyoko Date has been hacked to this) or Kamishibai sites (see http://
otakuworld.com and http://otakuworld.com/shibai/kamifaq.html), animation
or anime that anyone can do, get their work online. (Think of the audien-
ces involved, the demographics for erotic anime, for male-male bonding for
female viewership, for teenaged males, teenaged females, etc.)  Nothing
troublesome in all of these, to the extent that what resolves, resolves
through plot / narration, slotted or extending categories. I myself work
through Nikuko, Meat-Girl, (among others) an avatar or 'emanation' I have
created, who has no specific image, no _appearance_ but texts operable
within Net protocols, or deep in operating systems; Nikuko seems all too
real, almost viral or hacking - but then she doesn't appear alone, I'm in
the background maneuvering the _language._ (See Nikuko texts below for
examples, also http:// www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt for background
information, etc.)

It plays, this language, to the _ascii unconscious,_ a term I use to de-
scribe the effect of text in net sexuality, paradigms of control and being
controlled, language playing, insinuating itself in the midst of uncon-
scious drives; if Date runs through fandom and cds/ cd-roms, Nikuko runs
through psyches, deliberately without resolution - it's the difference
between Noh and Godot. Nikuko raises questions of epistemology (to what
extent does the viewer/reader comprehend both her knowledge, and that of
Nikuko, across the board, within the site of her writing) and ontology (to
what extent is she an addictive to the writer or the reader - to what
extent are any of us virtual or projections - to what extent do we reside
within the imaginary). Think of Daishin Nikuko, Meat-Girl Big-God who is
created and creates by virtue of the performative (word, programming, im-
age as well); think of Date Kyoko, whose ontological status heralds a host
of virtual characterologies (as well as characters) - the _shuffling_ of
signs on and offline. In the future-now, we are properly prepared already
for the _disappearance,_ not only of the sign, but of the _thing_ itself.
Virtual idols have no beginnings and endings; every gesture, every glimpse
is a deliberate creation - there are no unguarded moments, no paparazzi.

Following the _path_ through the virtual, say, through the Elite model
agency, backing up into announcements all across the Net, touching down on
IRC and MOO/MUD bots, intelligent agents, anime characters like Sailor
Moon, ongoing manga series, the intensified digital imagery of Mariko
Mori's photographic and video artworks, my own broken language texts,
prosthetic speaking/hearing/seeing/touching devices - following the path
which splits, turns back on itself, contradicts itself, turns _wayward_
and _contrary_ as well as _noisy_ - it might be a gendered path, losing
gender on the way - following the path - which becomes a _field of possi-
ble worlds_ competing through capital, positioning, distribution modes,
interventions - it becomes clear, that is to say, it becomes clearer -
_there's no object here_ whatsoever - you might as well follow the path of
the imaginary -

(MOO/MUD bots are software programs that imitate players. A MUD is a 
"multi-user-dungeon," an adventure text-based virtual reality; MOOs (which
are "MUDs object-oriented," based on the MOO object-oriented programming
language) developed out of them, substituting social interaction for game-
playing. Intelligent agents are bots that perform tasks, often on the Net
- for example, searching a number of databases for user queries.)

Kyoko Date, Date Kyoko, singing across the fabricated landscape, in and
out of the studio (see Date Kyoko, DK-96 Love Communication cd-rom - DK-96
is the name assigned to the Kyoko Date project by HoriPro) - her movements
like _haywire_ at times against blank backdrops, there's also the Brooklyn
Bridge (once real or digital or retouched, always already eternal, placed
within a _noiseless and purified_ system of digital protocols) - you might
as well follow _her_ always already receding, used up by the capital which
created her - there's a moment she offers herself to you -

She offers herself, the _wire-frame_ image-model in which her clothing is
_hollowed_ against the frame - this hollowing exposing the _interior of
her breast and vaginal areas_ - a system of gridded projections, intro-
jections, Kyoko Date, Date Kyoko, _from the inside-out_ - this is criti-
cal, this _procurement_ - think of her as a _skin_ (just as there are say
Windows 98 skins, Real Audio skins, skins everywhere that can be attached
to other programs, giving a look to the look) - 

With the virtual you're _in her skin_ literally, you can wrap the wire-
frame around yourself, play with it - in PlayKiss you can find a naked
Kyoko Date, Date Kyoko, as if the body itself has been hacked - there's no
end to it, these mirrors - returning the body to its image, perhaps re-
turning the image to the phenomenological field of the body itself - its
extensions - 

And, this can't be emphasized enough - all this beneath the sign, within
the sign of capital, splintered, turned in on itself as the abstract
accumulation/surplus of money is transformed into surplus sexuality, girl
and woman, entertainment - TokyoPop for example with its magazine, online
store - think of all of this as the libidinal economy resident in SUPER-
STRUCTURE SUPER-STORE, shape-riding input - think of MONEY as LIBIDINAL
UNITS - injections of perfect skin, perfect love - no longer does the
Kristevan clean and perfect body tend towards fascism, all those horrors -
it's now the post-AIDS safety-zone - 

What's fascinating is that all of this is happening NOW, not in a future,
however close, not on the level of fantasy, but within boys' and girls'
bedrooms, computers on desks or tables, off in the corner, computers in
the living-room (such as it is) or kitchen, computers everywhere, and just
as anime and pornography entwine at numerous junctions (all across the
playing-field), so does pornography become an intrinsic part of everyday
life - except that masturbation fantasy now (equally intrinsically) in-
volves the Other, the parceled body [ what might be seen a reconfigura-
tion for example of the texts of J. G. Ballard - and why have academic
approaches to the Net repeatedly emphasized the _cyberspace_ metaphor,
ignoring these other manifestations which begin, say, in the work of
Yoshitoshi if not earlier in Hokusai - begin even earlier wherever the
imaginary or uncanny are found? a phenomenological analysis of PlayKiss
would produce reams of relevant information ] -

THIS IS THE TRUE LOVE OF THE THIRD MILLENNIUM AND SOON YOU WILL SEE MACH-
INES LOVING ONE ANOTHER WITHOUT IMAGE, WITHOUT KYOKO DATE, DATE KYOKO:
MACHINES OF PURE BLISS FOR ONE ANOTHER, LUBRICATED PISTONS (IN THE FORM OF
BYTES) SLIDING INTO LUBRICATED CYLINDERS (IN THE FORM OF BYTES): what I
have repeatedly called _linkages_ and _couplings_ as the processes of the
future. A COUPLING is a concatenation or conjoining, such as, for example,
A becomes part of BCD (in other words, A BCD -> ABCD) such that any change
to A does not produce a change in BCD - they're loosely joined (think of
objects on a shelf or Sartrean seriality). A LINKAGE is a con- junction of
terms, such as, for example, A becomes part of BCD (A BCD --> ABCD) such
that a change in A results in _some_ change in BCD (ABCD as a machine or
computer protocol suite of interlocked sub-programs or links in a chain).

Just as digital images are accessible bit by bit, each independent of the
other (the apparent organic whole only in the eye of the viewer/creator),
so one might speak (even now) of a postmodern decoupled future of fast-
forward change, the slidings or probings of digital domains in competi-
tion. The ontology of organism itself is at stake, the whole becoming in-
finitely modified, manipulable, without loss; Kyoko Date, Date Kyoko,
cannot die, but project DK-96 can be _shelved,_ only to be revived perhaps
elsewhere and/or at a later date.

She appeared almost out of nowhere, in spite of the video-games, dating
cd-roms (an ideal girlfriend on your computer), anime, manga, girlhood
boyhood dreams, and the massive Japanese idol production industry; she
made that one song, _a real hit,_ she gave an interview or two, several
images were released, and there was no follow-up; she disappeared quickly
- after the webpages, fanpages, newsgroups, breathless nighttime mastur-
bations, just as I 'fell in love' with Anne Frank, symbolic or penetrat-
ing my dark side, after the fact, after her death, what safety. There are
all sorts of transitional objects (teddy-bears, blankets, parents), both
comfort and safe, and _partial,_ filled in - life is a quest for filling-
in, conjoining the vulnerable body to safety-safety. What better than
heroines in death, fairy-tale princesses, virtual idols, inaccessible
worlds synchronically (X, who lives in a parallel universe) or diachron-
ically (Y, who lived and died, tragically, a long long time ago). IF I
COULD HAVE ONLY MET KYOKO DATE, DATE KYOKO, WHAT WE WOULD HAVE BEEN ABLE
TO DO DO DO, OH OH OH MY DARLING, DO DO DO   -  --  ---  ----


ii.

Diki

Today I went to the Diki site and downloaded several music videos, around
60 megabytes total. These are the current Kyoko Date imports into Korea,
and the theme is based on the intermix of virtual and real, the (male)
artist (re)creating the female statue-come-alive; what's interesting is
the construct of the mesh holding the skin - the sexualization of interior
hollows as the armature turns, the skin running jacketed around the body,
cuts carefully made away from breast and genital as it approaches. So
there is also a literal representation of introjection/projection in the
sense of an injection of skin covering the hollow of representation, an
interior which can be considered a screen of and for desire. The music is
the same as Kyoko ever; there are also closeups of models inextricably
(everything is inextricable online and offline in the future-real-here)
electroded, their movements tallying with Diki's, giving birth to Diki at
a distance, teledildonics. It is easy to imagine lush-Diki-skin on oneself
- that is to say, an other mergence; the PlayKiss Kyoko Date doll gives a
sense of this, even though the manipulation is literally puerile (removing
her clothes, dressing her in others, in a paper-doll fashion). I am always
reminded of, for example, Nikuko's _dirtiness_ and abjection in relation
to all of this, the _real_ of Nikuko _not_ based in simulation, but in a
speaking of the unconscious, insertions and assertions across the (key-)
board. Nikuko scratches at skins, removes them, exposing the wires beneath
- or the flesh - or what would pass for a melange of the real - what is
constructed on Diki is torn apart by Nikuko, expanded like condoms holding
birth in abeyance while fondling it. I can push Nikuko and the others
(Jennifer, Julu, Alan) until I can't sleep at night; with Diki and Kyoko
and Webbie Tookay, I'm lulled into the foreclosing of any gendered dieges-
is; sleep comes easy, permanent, the sleep of the death of the real. I de-
vour Nikuko's menses, harbor her smell on me, see through her membranes,
talk with beneath upon her in mutual devouring; the creation of Diki oc-
curs at a distance, through control-room, gloves, screens, keyboards;
there's a scent but no odor. The odors of Nikuko, Jennifer, Julu, Alan,
saturate me, tend towards those uneasy dreams leaking texts at the other
end. It's as if culture guarantees that the real _has_ that other end, far
cry from Diki, but even later at night, when I do deep sleep for a moment
or two, Diki-Nikuko merge through the sound and sight - merge through the
imaginary - there's a love and ecstasy I can never imagine - there's a
permanency outliving me - I'm abandoned - I turn back into the dreams - I
know if I dream, Nikuko will come back to me and Nikuko and I will watch
the Diki videos over and over again, together - 


