


the yield


give a name to your illness, give a name to your illness
people we know and love are dying
this people we know and love are dying speeds endlessly through the body -
their bones collapsing under harsh suns before us, the day which spreads
across the table of dawn or dusk
cancers spread like pools of artificial life across desperate thought
cancer spreads like pools of artificial life across desperate thought
people we know and love are dying
they are dying with scans and with probes
they are dying with injections and superjections
and catastrophic radiations and molecular re-coordinatings
cancers spread like pools of artificial life across desperate thought
their bones collapsing under harsh suns before me, the day which spreads
before the table of dawn or dusk? probes here, ourselves, ourselves

are you properly compiling cancers spread like pools of artificial life
across desperate thought?
decoupled life on the horizon of white-noise annihilation-window
your body is mined and saturated; your body is a hole; your body is mine;
your body is a cancer
your body is a cancer, is a hole, is mine; 
your body is penetrated, probed, mined and saturated;
your body is penetrated, reorganized
for 0 days, i have names for you and me
and it has taken you just 5.617 minutes turning in the very act of dying 
...
people we know and love are dying.
the new computer will remain crying in the store in the new box.
the happy party will occur in another city very much alone.
we will walk in one room and smile, return to another and cry.
our mouths are open to the spears of the sun.
we are illumined, our cells crashing uselessly into organ after organ.

illuminations happen on the threshold of being.
we are called to being: our illuminations.
for an instant before the darkness: our illuminations.
for an instant with pen poised: our illuminations.
with the radiative luminescence of the bones: our illuminations.
what the dissimilar flux of molecules: our illuminations.
the threshold of stones is forgotten; the portal is forgotten.
people we know and love are dying.
for 0 days, the very beginning of the name.


