


For A., K., G., N., A., L., F., B., A., J., P., T., L., J., M., S.


It is morning in the Cafe Lautreamont.
Pierre stares me down. Pierre brings me coffee.
Pierre knows I know he is a function who is not a function.
I am a state to Pierre's operator.
Pierre is the occupier of a role, as in main(Pierre).
Pierre carries and sullies a revolution. 
Pierre is part of a surplus economy that I recognize.
I do not acknowledge that I recognize this surplus.
There is a state within which I am in Pierre and a state otherwise.
The state otherwise is to forget Pierre which is to annihilate him.
The revolution moves from person to person, stateless.
The revolution is a state, mobile and wandering.
I am linked to Pierre at the cafe and coupled otherwise to Pierre.
I say, "I am coupled to all the Pierres in the world."
I say, "I did not ask for this. I would not have asked for this."
I say, "I asked for a cup of coffee and nothing more."
I say, "I have paid you for this cup of coffee."
Pierre has not spoken and I assume he sees me as the signified.
I am the signified of a certain exchange, surplus value.
Coupled within exchange, I have no use; it is all circuitry.
Pierre and I are engaged in mutual annihilation.
Pierre gazes at me and the revolution stirs.
Unspeaking, the revolution blindly cauterizes the remnants of language.
I say, "Words no longer account for anything, Pierre."
I say, "These are sounds I am making, of no value whatsoever."
I say, "I lean on other processes, alan.o for example for sustenance."
I say, "As if we would ever be friends," and the revolution stirs.
Something speaks in one and another and speaks forever.
Sometimes speaks at the portal of death and constitution.
I say, "I will live in you, Francoise."
I say, "You will remember me, keep my diaries intact, Francoise."
I say, "You will find a publisher after all," Francoise.
There is silence at the other end of the room.
Pierre brings me coffee and Francoise smiles and says nothing.
There is a slight stirring of the white curtains in the sun.
A breeze is blowing outside and there are sailboats in the harbor.
An accordion, a gypsy, a horse-and-cart, a trolley, a very happy day.


