


This the speaking of the endless word

Fri Sep 17 03:09:49 EDT 8999
Nikuko's bones were the motions of mesh figures drawn out; they came
first, regarding her. Clar thinks of them as jeweled tips, the nubs
offering themselves as so many, many seductions. Each and every joint,
bulbous, discomforting, but here spiked without the marrow... Fri Sep 17
03:11:11 EDT 8999 Clar sees Nikuko's space, the deconstruction of the
space station, now barely functioning against an inconceivably desiring
sky. Somewhere between organism and mesh lies the planting of emergence,
protected from all the vicissitudes of exploding worlds and plasmas. Make
it intelligent and it will be sure to flee; Nikuko's space is the fleeing
of Nikuko, Clar says, and I am welcome to that, regarding her, her jeweled
nubs. Fri Sep 17 03:12:52 EDT 8999 Nikuko's fingers are bulbous, discom-
forting, dis/eased, the color of pooled urine, a cat's eye, an exploding
star, having given up all energy for future children. Clar moves in the
crevices, swallows the pill so hungry to seduce you, Clar walks the street
of the planet earth with short skirt, no panties, always on the edge of
borderline fingers, Nikuko's, clutching at her body, pulling her down,
regarding Nikuko, desirous Clar. Nikuko's mouth points towards itself,
back-hoes perfect red-brown blood against perfect jeweled cosmos, river
motions of pooled oiled rings coating whatever debris Clar swallows; Clar,
Clar, regarding Nikuko, hardly survives the incandescent punctures of
sublime beauty, herself oozed among signifiers, grappled by Nikuko-hands,
spread open by Nikuko-fingers. Fri Sep 17 03:17:01 EDT 8999 Future
Nikuko-Clar, regarding Nikuko, the breasts, the abdomen, the face above
all, holes beneath the presence of the world, coupling. Regarding Clar,
Nikuko speaks through Clar's holes, decoupling. In a frenzy, linked.
Decoupled Nikuko's arms, writing for Clar, her perfect blue jeweled nubs,
on the edge of the precipice, the bones without the marrow, flailing,
fingering her short short skirt. Clar walks down the sidewalk of an
ordinary neighborhood in an ordinary universal megalopolois and everyone
turns and stares; everyone knows. Fri Sep 17 03:19:05 EDT 8999 Clar
breathes hard; she's nothing on underneath, feels the wind and the rain
swirling around her crack, her legs damp with the pleasure of regarding
Nikuko's bones, finally, without the marrow, the perfect blue jewels at
the tips, in that space everyone would find inconceivable. The two secrets
of Clar: no panties; and the space. It's the space that's seductive; she's
hardly on the planet, much less New York City of the ninth millennium.
Regarding Clar, Nikuko, words in medieval English. Fri Sep 17 03:20:40 EDT
8999 Clar saunters, somersaults, somnambulist; Clar is looking for his fix
which is from the marrow. Nikuko's fingers clutch at him; Clar winces,
turns, spreads his legs for her, penetrates. Regarding Nikuko, she rides
him, her bones clear through to the blue-jeweled nubbed and marrowless
vectors. Organism on its fly-by, fleeing the angry-nova sun, reflected in
Nikuko's fingers. Who races at close the speed of light. Distance,
measurement, count for nothing. Nikuko couldn't care less, regarding Clar.
Fri Sep 17 03:22:42 EDT 8999 Doubled meshes, nubbed circle lights in
Nikuko's space, Nikuko-space, nubbed blue-jeweled lights in Nikuko's
bones; she wears them invisible diadems. They're regarding Nikuko; Clar
watches, uncertain. He is beautiful; she'd never seen anyone so beautiful
in her life. At the beginning of the approach, an approach. Fri Sep 17
03:25:23 EDT 8999 Her mouth, sharpened, almost turned against itself,
perfect piercing of the throat; Nikuko had the single work to speak, its
speaking silencing her forever. Clar turned her beauty towards her,
regarding her, the jewels necklaced around her broken throat. Regarding
Nikuko, unspeakable acts. Regarding Clar, Clar. Fri Sep 17 03:26:52 EDT
8999 Regarding technologies, watching the beauty of Nikuko, her wounded
throat speaking the endless word Fri Sep 17 03:30:36 EDT 8999 Fri Sep 17
03:30:37 EDT 8999

The jewels watched her, carefully
 

