


Fundamental Systems (Was: Couplings and Linkages) {file:zz}


Fri Oct 1 01:53:52 EDT 1999 
N a azure fbw julu kdate lisp lynx_bookmarks.html mail minicom.log newju
nsmail trace z.gif zz
Let's say there is a binary structure, consisting of an operation N such
that N(a,b) -> a relationship between a, b. Say that a, b are terms which
stand for sets of identical members, as far as the structure is concerned
- i.e. a = {x:x = a} & b = {y:y = b}. Note that x and y can be anything;
the terms are dummy. The structure is then S = (N,a,b). 

Then we may be concerned with the _phenomenology_ of S, thinking through
the semantics of (a,b) in relation to the framework N. It is irrelevant
for example that if N = +, we might have +(4,3) = 7. We are not interes-
ted in constructing a result c - only that a relationship between a and b
is established.

For example, N = + resulting into the terms coalesced beneath the sign of
addition; N = red resulting into equivalence; N = identity producing the
singularity of a and b; N = existing at time t(N) resulting in a foreclos-
ing or frameworking of a and b; and so forth. We can have a linkage such
that if a or be is eliminated, so is the other; we can have a coupling
such that if a or b are both on a shelf, taking either off has no effect
on the other.

Then I may attempt to produce a metaphysics of such a system - or rather
to forestall the production of such a metaphysics, deconstructing the
framework of any metaphysics vis-a-vis the system. Or rather, I can argue
towards a metaphoricity of relationship (linkage, coupling, etc.), reify-
ing the terms and placing them within a matrix of parallelisms. Such a
metaphoricity can also be used to similarly deconstruct parallelisms.

But to _believe_ in such metaphoricities or metaphysics as _fundamental_
is also to create a work of astonishing coherency, the real beneath the
sign of relation and its deconstruction. For example, think of a _basic
property of things_ - that they are linked or coupled or decoupled. This
strategy tends towards one or another universal exegesis.

Instead, I see N(a,b) as particulate matter - for example, N(a,a) can be a
harbinger of substance if N implies augmentation such that N(a,a) =
N(a,a,a) and so forth. This is an _unfolding of the frame_ or the cinema-
tic real.
Mail archive archives bin boot core dev etc export holding hosts htdocs
kadb lib log lost+found mnt net pcfs restoresymtable sbin setterm src
staff sys tmp users usr var vmunix vmunix-lkm vmunix-raid zz

Just so, the simplest number system is to the base 1: 1, 11, 111, etc. -
and the most extravagant is to the base of an inaccessibly high number
such that every numerical representation is uniquely identified by a unary
ideogram, shades of Borges for example.

These are all fragments of the imaginary - and it is _critical_ to under-
stand this; they are part-objects, imminent within the real of the subject
and never immanent; their transcendence lies in the inauthenticity of
their simplicity, as if they were fundamental. Here is where the astonish-
ing work of coherency comes into play: consider that they are _not_ funda-
mental, that on the level of the life-world, _almost_ all the way up or
down, there is no fundamentality at all: as if the grounds of the real
themselves were decoupled "for all practical purposes." 
wskbd2 wskbd3 wsmouse0 wsmouse1 wsmouse2 wsmouse3 wt0 wt16 wt8 zero zz

Suppose for example, the complexity of the universe all the way down, dri-
ven by higher and higher energies, resulting in more and more basic parti-
cles: One might well say that the complexity of the universe is the direct
result of the energy used to examine it. As a corollary, from Brillouin to
some extent: the complexity of the universe is then in direct proportion
to the capital (economic/industrial/theoretical) used in such an examina-
tion. In such a manner, the _order_ of the world is in direct relation to
the social organization and its surplus, of a given civilization.
Mail News a calendar jobs ld lisp lynx_bookmarks.html mail phoenix.hlp
phoenix.irc tf tf-lib thing tiny.world trace venom.irc volt.irc zz

One may talk of the mirroring of the world, and note again the apparent
increasingly complexity of the mathematics and mathesis required in the
ongoing progress and investigation of the physics of the real, on _any_
level from the sub-particle to the overall cosmos, and their conjoining.

To retreat to the binary is to conjure the dream of rendering the literal
book of nature accessible - to create a stasis in modelling in the midst
of universal transformation. One might speak again of Foucault's _divina-
tio,_ a dream of a book of nature, augmented by a dream of universal rea-
son. 
DIR_COLORS HOSTNAME NETWORKING X11 XF86Config aliases aliases.db
at.deny bootptab conf.modules

On the other hand, such a retreat is also the catalyst for a major publi-
cation; the real is revealed in all its coherency, and the world-system,
as reproduced, is an occasion for both foreclosing and framework - now,
not only of a and b, but also of a scope expanded to fulfill the promise,
virtue, and style of the world. This is a wonder, and I oscillate between
hope for a primal leverage, absolute signifiers (which also seem of nec-
essity to be restatements of universal law on the level of micro-physics),
and a dull recognition of the increasing fragmentation of the life-worlds
on the planet - almost as if the world were nothing more than Markov-
chains of shorter and shorter length.
X11R6 bin games include lib libdata libexec lkm local mdec sbin share tmp
zz

The specifics of the leverage would not matter - just as the details of
universal equations spell out varying phenomenologies, but their very
transcendence is a symptom of overt organization, and deity for some. The
universal cosmic phenomenon of peering into the past (objects so distant
that it may take a billion years for light to reach us, objects otherwise
ungraspable) may be taken to imply radical disconnects, signals from what
appear to be disconsolate objects, expiring objects, objects at a loss in
relation to the human flicker on earth. And radical disconnects fragment
our own relation to the real as well; hence, the imaginary or that proble-
matic which resists symbolization. Connect such symbolization vis-a-vis
metaphor with the body (Lakoff), and "graspable" becomes, itself, a rela-
tion between model and modeller: Our world is deeply ungraspable, our im-
ages universally mediated, determined at least in part by economics, ener-
gies, and the exigencies of the viewing apparati themselves.
aculog authlog authlog.0.gz authlog.1.gz authlog.2.gz authlog.3.gz cron
cron.0.gz cron.1.gz cron.2.gz cron.3.gz cron.errs cron.errs.0.gz
daemon.log daemon.log.0.gz daemon.log.1.gz daemon.log.2.gz daemon.log.3.gz
maillog.1.gz maillog.10.gz maillog.11.gz maillog.12.gz maillog.13.gz
messages.0.gz messages.1.gz messages.2.gz messages.3.gz messages.4.gz
messages.5.gz morelogs namedlog notices notices.0.gz notices.1.gz
wtmp wtmp.0.gz wtmp.1.gz wtmp.2.gz wtmp.3.gz wtmp.4.gz wtmp.5.gz wtmp.6.gz
wtmp.7.gz xferlog zzlog

We are left with a partial _log_ of a continuous conversation, replete
with expanding knowledges, finer and finer tolerances - but a conversation
nonetheless, of fragments, micro-exhaustions (Stent's analyses of the
field of trignometry for example), and increasingly complex equations or
metaphysics. Driven by energy and economics, there is no end in sight;
what may eventually stare back at us through scientific exploration is
ourselves, our machinery. Heisenberg was only the first crack in the mir-
ror in this literal regard; what is impossible in fine-tuning position and
momentum is also metaphor for the fine-tuning of existence itself. For it
is not unreasonable to assume that higher energies propose newer partic-
les, linked in groupings, the end nowhere in sight. As far as binary oper-
ations per se, they remain within the imaginary of the dream and the dream
of the imaginary; they hold us in our fundamentally Aristotelian world, in
which the laws of distribution hold, and within which we may fall in love,
throw a ball, or speak, as if difference were upheld, or shattered.
cat chio chmod cp csh date dd df domainname echo ed expr hostname kill ksh
ln ls mkdir mt mv pax ps pwd rcmd rcp rm rmail rmdir sh sleep stty sync
test zz


