


Lauren


I've got a hole for you. I want to put it in everywhere. I dream of need-
les, do you know that? There are tracks all over me, not just my arms. You
might think I'd know better, but I like them. They scar me, show you where
I've been.

I love wearing my flaws. You can see right through me but I know it and
that's more than a lot of people know.

/* but begging. but really wanting it. but wanting nothing more than it.
but wanting it more than anything in his life. but dreaming and living the
wanting of it. but unable to sleep for the wanting of it. but unable to
drink for the wanting of it. unable to eat for it. but doing only the
wanting of it. but others. but others noting wasting away, others wasting
away. her for the wanting of it. unable to work, this writing for the
wanting, speaking for the wanting. the boring of others, boring others.
for the desire, for the wanting of it. the hunger the thirst of it. the
exhaustion of it. the drug the addiction the obsession the compulsion of
it. the drive the instinct of it. for the wanting of it. his for the
wanting. want her. */

Do I want it, do I need it? Of course I need it. Everything's so simple
and as Lauren said, if you don't know how terrific heroin can be you don't
know anything.

It's all about your knowledge, not mine.

But I don't need all that much else, you know. And that's way ahead of you
and most other people. It drives things towards a point and that point can
be a good time. No one even thinks about good times any more. You have to
take a breath to do that. I hold my breath when I shoot up. Like you can
have it.

It's not just that though. I've got better friends than you ever will.
They'll all betray me in the end. But there's a pull in the world, I seem
to be the only one that understands that. Again it's the knowledge thing -
only an addict has knowledge of any sort. Once you understand that, you
might understand everything, but you're still not smart.

I'm always thinking below the surface. I have enough money to buy the
stuff so it's never a question, say, of Lauren out on the streets looking
for it. It's right there, in the cabinet; I can get it when I need it. The
need is good, it's easy to fulfill - just like that. Teleology grinds to a
halt several times a day, with a kick.

Some people find this stuff false, a false kick. But if the receptors are
there, if it works, what's the problem? It's nature finding nature, desire
fulfilled as I said. And the knowledge is incredible. I can see the sky!

Was it Odin, now it's me, sacrificing myself to myself? It's that, what I
can do, what I can achieve, look, I can't run a mile or climb a mountain,
but I can learn from this stuff, you wouldn't believe it. And what I've
learned doesn't fit in any books.

It's strange also because we're all addicts of course, just some of you
haven't found your thing. It's like a lure or teleology that insists on
being just out of reach, carrot on a stick kind of thing, and so you rant
uselessly, run around uselessly, as if this and that make a difference.
But difference only comes from One minus Zero so to speak, and the One can
be heroin, and the Zero can be the rest of the world, everything else. 

Why do they call it substance abuse? It's the enhancement of substance,
the real recognition of the power inherent in things. And the self comes
to fruition around this. I know that, I can feel it in my bones, my soul.
These substances were made for a reason. And there's the physical effect
and the mental effect, and different sorts of addictions all over the
place. But it's worth it for the physical effect. If you're set up, like I
am.

What you're looking at is a habit. I'm a habit, even to myself I'm a hab-
it. That makes me simple and likeable. People understand all my surfaces;
they can't touch anything else but that. And I can fashion them, polish
them - I can shine like a star anytime I want.

I love feeling the hunger, love wanting it. It's like computers, but I
don't have to deal with other people and their desires. Call it modernism
against your postmodernism, or the self against alterity; the drug's not
alter at all, it's heroin my lover, it's heroin my best friend. And the
wonder and knowledge of that is unbelievable.

Do you know I can sing? You've probably never heard me sing. Someday I'll
sing for you, even now. You can stand a little? You might like this.
There's a record I use for background, like karaoke. Just a second. Let me
know what you think.

Obvious exits: [root] to your darkness
Last connected Sun Sep 26 22:08:36 1999 MET DST from 166.84.1.68
#$#mcp version: 2.1 to: 2.1
Name            Connected    Idle time    Location
----            ---------    ---------    --------
Lauren (#934)   8 seconds    0 seconds    Bodee

Total: 1 person, who has been active recently.


