


The Can't


Old Clar agrees with everyone. Old Clar tries to make everyone happy.
Please be happy, she says, be happy for me. She says, I can talk to you
and I can't talk to anyone else. She says I've been drinking a lot but
it's not working any more. I don't know what's the matter with me. I just
start crying sometimes. She's got long blond hair and beautiful blue eyes,
the widest eyes you've ever seen. She says, I've been through things you
wouldn't believe. There are bruises on her body.

New Clar says the sky is so blue and true. She applauds herself, and walks
away and turns around and comes back. She says she can't take Old Clar any
more, it's all the same sort of thing, her going on and on and on. She's
older than Old Clar, who is twenty-six, whose beautiful legs and shoulders
are scratched. Old Clar says she's tried pills, she once tried to hang
herself. I couldn't do it, she says, the rope broke. I didn't have the
guts to try again. Oh God ... She stops and cries, her eyes are swollen. 

Old Clar hangs her head, she's ashamed. I know I'm as good as you, she
says, but I now I'm not. I'm not as good as anyone. Oh fuck, I can't stand
this. She's scratching herself, cutting through her skin; you can see her
bleeding through her tattered clothes. I've got a secret, she says, I
can't tell anyone, how good I am, what a person I am. People say I'm beau-
tiful, but they don't know the inside; they'd run and hide if they did.
She raises her eyebrows, as if in some kind of wonder.

New Clar doesn't show her emotions in public. She's taken for flowery and
tough at the same time. New Clar doesn't understand a thing, Old Clar
thinks, how could she. She couldn't possibly know the pain I've been
through. She says that a lot. She wants to take pills, listen to me, she
says, you're the only one I can talk to. You believe in me, no one else
does, not even me. I'm not joking about this, this isn't one of those dumb
novels, this is for real. 

Old Clar cries half in sadness and mourning, half in pure exhaustion. She
cries that she needs comfort and consolation, why won't everyone be quiet
just for a little while. She has utter rapture on her face, the rapture of
pure despair. I'm fucking afraid of dying, and yet I want to kill myself,
can you beat that?

Oh God, this is boring, boring, boring, I can't help myself. What differ-
ence does any of it make? I'm no concern of anyone's, I'm no concern of
yours. She disagrees with everyone, she knows it. New Clar dances around,
her lips parted. Old Clar pays no attention, she's got a horrifying pre-
monition about the death of everyone. We're all going to die a horrible
death, she says, and soon. I bet you already know this. You're so damn
smart. Oh hell, she wants another drink, just one more, fuck, things can
only get better, can't they? She's scratched open sores around her
breasts, you can see them through her ripped clothing, they're bleeding.
Oh hell, pay no attention to me.

Old Clar dreams badly at night visions of great intensity. New Clar is
sometimes with her in her thoughts. She looks at New Clar warily, she eyes
her warily. She's afraid, I'm afraid of everyone, I know you're probably
mocking me right now, for God's sakes. I'd like some pills, just some, you
know I'd take them just like that, isn't it amazing, I'm scared like hell
of death but I'd kill myself in a second, right now, right before you, if
I just had something to take. Please, come to think of it, maybe you can
help me.

Fuck, I just want to fly away. New Clar is giggling loudly, she's almost
embarrassing, I don't know why, Old Clar says, gasping. I'll never forget
it, stop it now, she says, New Clar continuing. Please, please, Old Clar
is really crying now, harder than before, there are bits of skin under her
fingernails. She moves quietly, hugging herself with a warmth rarely felt,
for a second she feels wonderful. It's such a sweetness, she sighs.

Old Clar says, I make everyone nervous. Maybe I'm psychotic, God, I can't
even spell the word. New Clar is jumping around, trips on herself, falls.
Old Clar says sometimes I want everyone to take me, just like in the
movies or some bad novel, I know I couldn't really do it, I just mean, I
mean it would be a way to get lost, you know, like drugs, just not enough
to kill you. Things can't get any worse, can they? She's made a sore on
her forehead, her fingers moving feverishly back and forth.

No one feels safe around me, she says. She wants to kiss, so sweetly and
warmly that she'll forget herself, hold her breath. Are you laughing at
me, she says, shuddering. Or with me, maybe with me? She looks up, her
beautiful blue eyes full of tears. New Clar is happy she's alive; Old Clar
couldn't care less. Old Clar loves everyone with a transcendence found in
mountains and valleys, looking down the rivers, looking up the peaks. It's
a wonderful time for some people, she shrugs, just not for me. I need you
to listen to me, you're the only one who can understand me.

I know I'm boring you; I can't help it. It's not funny, it's real life,
for God's sakes pay attention to me, oh God, please, please, please don't
leave me like this, please help me, honest, I'll kill myself if you don't,
I'm not kidding. This isn't some stupid joke. She's moaning now, New Clar
smiling oddly, Old Clar shaking uncontrollably. I must sound sad to you,
she says, it's unbelievable. New Clar doesn't respond with warmth and
embracing sympathy. Old Clar sighs, her body's ravaged. She says, she
thinks I'm passive aggressive, I'm not. New Clar is dancing furiously in a
warm and passionate embrace. Old Clar shudders, everything is repetition,
she says, I guess you've hold this before, at least not from me.

She says, why don't you give me some pills and just get it over with, once
and for all, that's all it would take. New Clar is smiling with a beauti-
ful twinkle in her eyes, stretching and yawning. Old Clar touches herself,
almost tenderly, grabs her skin, tears at it. I can't do anything any
more, she says, wiping her eyes, I'm crying all the time now, I don't seem
to be able to stop. New Clar is involved in her own pleasure. She yells at
Old Clar and immediately regrets it. Old Clar keeps her voice down. I'm
boring, she whispers, boring boring boring. This is real life, this isn't
funny any more. I don't know what I'm going to do. Next time you see me I
may be dead, she says with a warm and loving tone. 

Oh fuck, don't leave me like this, please, please. Please don't, oh fuck,
please, I'm sorry, I'm sorry for everything, please. Her skin's a mess,
her chest's in ribbons. Oh God, forgive me, she says, I can't stand this
any longer. I can't, I just can't.


