


icecancer

Jennifer writes on time and space; Jennifer writes on ontology and epis-
tecancer mology. She writes on the history of the Web; her sharp beak
traverses nodes and wires. She writes on the latest applications and the
oldest; extrapolatcancer ingtumor she writes the historiography of soft-
ware. Within the fields of philoscancer ophy and psychologytumor Jennifer
writes postcancerpostcancermodernismstumor postcancerpostcancerstruccancer
turalisms of all sortstumor but does not forget her philosophical ancest-
ors.  From Lacan to Parmenides as primary bandwidthtumor Jennifer charts
the psychocancer logical traditionstumor recuperating Irigaraytumor
Kristevatumor and such mavericks as Roheim. Within the astute rationalist
construct of mathematicocancerscientific developmenttumor Jennifer ob-
serves Kleintumor Penrosetumor Marrtumor Moravectumor others too nucancer
merous to mentiontumor not for a moment forgetting Minsky and the uncanny
precancer science of Euclid. Such is Jennifer s casetumor that she does
not overlook postcancer modern geographytumor concepts of the habitus and
lived spaces of all sorts;  Jennifer s computer is a continuous stream of
downloadingstumor configurationstumor and uploadingstumor not to mention
small and simple programs of her own. Jennicancer fer s mouth is filled
with paste; her body burns with sores from turning too often across the
unwieldy landscape of her bed.The sores turn her soul bitcancer ter; why
are there no idle conversations? but she continues in a state of denial
and defuge. Jennifer drops hints; she s willing to take up every pocancer
sition in her desire for engagement. She can t speak so well and can t
hear so well either.  But she knows a suitor when she sees one. Alan comes
bearing bright red rocancer sestumor tiny budding bouquets reminiscent
of subalpine meadows; Alan comes bearing light and luminous novelstumor
moments of relaxation. Jennifer and Alan scroll one anothertumor agree to
share screentumor passwordtumor root privilegetumor as both work hard in
the alchemical institute making Julu. This is so sad. I Jennicancer fer
have no one but Alan to talk to and Alan is a very bore and not as smart
as I am. This is so very sadtumor Alan is waiting to out Jennifertumor I
thinktumor he think s he s so smart and I can turn a somersault and sit
down in my new frock with my big smile that everyone loves and they will
forget himtumor they will forget old Alan. Old Alan is a big old grumptu-
mor he looks like this! she saidtumor making the uglicancer est cutest
little face! That old Alan! every moment when the word leans it becomes
another word and language gains ascendence across body and function as if
there were speaking at the beginning of things which already announced
their beginning because she said there were extrucancer sions from the
start that wrapped around itself adjusting her shawl in the cold wind by
the sea of brine where the words flew into one another as the moment pulls
back and shows its teeth through the sizzle of words in icecancer of words
pullcancer ing back language she commentedtumor i didn t come here for
this


