



From the diary.txt at trAce:


Today is the early morning of the fourth; I've been sick, feverish, and
sleeping on and off, ran the early morning chat session on writing and
despair and came back for half of the second - both were really rewarding
- it's something I like doing. I'd taken notes ahead of time, so I had
material to work with; these are issues that concern me, through Duras,
Kristeva, other depressives - I'd even put Nietzsche in there through a
false diagnosis on my part. 

I'm reading Saving the Text, Literature/Derrida/Philosophy by Geoffrey
Hartman - I'd owned this book before, now have it again. Some of the intro
is really relevant to my own work: "But what can it mean to place mind on
its own axis and free it from books - to make mind its own text, as it
were? Can we transcend telling toward, more simply, showing? Would that
bring about (as both Husserl and Wittgenstein once hoped) a return to
things themselves? Yet does not the very existence of words indicate a
breach with the phenomenality of things, or with an ideal of showing, of
evidentiality, taken from that sphere?"

This also for me references Barthes' punctum or the grain of the voice;
it's far too easy to forget in cyberspace-hypertext that there are things
in the world, that a call of twentieth-century poetics has been towards
the bypassing of language, "back to the things themselves." My own work in
that regard is already _past the ruin_ - it tends towards or beyond a rec-
ognition that _things_ are always already lost; we're no longer innocent
but caught within the skein of the symbolic. Which leads me towards a
certain extremism in the text - what else is there to do - what else can
be done - in order to return (as if there were a return; as if it were
possible; as if it were possible without a politics) to a real of femini-
sm, chora (in the Kristevan sense), discomfort, and _presence._ One might
ask: _Where is presence on the Net?_ - refusing all answers, taking no
easy way out...


