


linux the lineup *

agetty they had gotten up to the mountain fastness
ash past villages burned to ash, there was always someone,
busybox a busy-box, who talked and talked, while he should
bzip2 have kept his mouth zipped. constantly, they
chgrp changed the group; among them was a beautiful 
chmod model, who everyone dreamed about wanting to
chown own. she was the center of attention in 
clear the clearing, where the liberation army constantly
cpio came and went. one fighter with dark eyes and very
date much in love, asked her for a date, begging her,
dd deedee, please send me a
dmesg message and i will be true to you forever, 
false never false. deedee, her face scratched by brambles,
fdflush flushed; she clutched the thin metal
fdisk disk in her hand. the fighter never knew what was
init in it, what secret messages. perhaps the time had 
kill come for her to kill, but she was beginning to care.
length fires smouldered the length and breadth of the hill,
ln up and down the line; freedom-fighters were beginning
login to bring logs in, hoping to somehow
losetup loosen the setup. soon the resistance-fighter
mkdir was made a director; deedee too fell in love. it was
mkfs.minix odd seeing them, him in fatigues, her in a mini,
mknod nodding at one another flushed and hot; they would
mkswap never swap each other for anyone else. hoarse and
mount defiled, they mounted each other in full view
mv of the camp, moving in time to the nationalist anthem,
pax rocking for peace. another fighter in love crept
pwd quietly over to the powder magazine, hoping to 
rm remove deedee from the rest of the men, and 
rmdir remove the director as well. our good fighter turned
sh to her, shh, he said, someone is trying to kill us all.
shutdown we should shut down the campsite, pretend to move
sleep off, or sleep deeply for the night. they did so, 
swapoff the bad fighter trying to swap off himself for
swapon the good, as if this were acceptable. the camp was
sync momentarily out of sync; the good fighter and deedee,
tar naked and bruised, ran across the tar, their hands
touch touching, inside each other. beneath the flag 
true of anarchy, this was true love; the bad fighter died,
update stay tuned for an update soon.


