

Writing Desire (Mended Notes)


To write desire is to project oneself into the world, both vulnerable and
accessible. How can desire be written? What does it mean to write from a
position of want and fulfillment? Cult writing, violent writing, sexual
writing, writing from poverty of any sort: How do we write ourselves out?
We write ourselves out in a difference from despair; in desire, meaning
is hypercathected, time-dependent, breathless.

Writing desire: For whom? How does the performative enter into play here?
(By "performative," I mean _words that active, arouse, _act,_ within the
writer or reader.) Is writing desire a form of control? Controlling is a
way of shaping the body, of the self, the other; the words tend towards
delirious ecstasy.

How does projection work vis-a-vis the body of the character or avatar -
vis-a-vis the body of the Other? If the unconscious is sensitive to lang-
uage, how does the body of the text play into the textual body? These are
_acts_ of reading and writing, processes, drawn out by control, hesitancy,
lure and seduction. The operator is metonymic, the part standing for the
hole, the hole standing for the part.

Whose desire is written? That of the writer, or that of the reader? Do
subject and object retain their individuations? What is being read is
rewritten through the inner speech of the reader; what is being written is
read similarly, both across the body of the other.

Pushing language to the reader so the body appears to be at stake: Think
of writing orgasm in Net Sex (i.e. "ahhhhhh..." etc.) - when writing be-
comes sound or substance. Substance here is the materiality of language at
the service of the body of the writer, who no longer communicates: the
move is from the symbolic to the ikonic, "ahhhhhh..." referencing "I have
orgasm, I am here."

There is narrative; desire follows suit, returns quiescence to quiescence,
remains garbled in the background, burbling. Does desire always involve
the body? Does yearning? Does any form of addiction? I find physiology,
desire, satiation, fulfillment, pleasure, intertwined as well. My problem:
I can't separate. If I could separate, I'd think: Desire is a trajectory;
the fulfillment of desire is an event, occurrence, and/or thing; desire
disappears upon fulfillment. But then I think: How does desire relate to
drives/instincts? How is it differentiated from need? Precisely that in
the presence of satiation, another lack opens up - that of the lack of de-
sire itself, the desire for desire, tending towards a _continuous open-
ing._ The situation is very different in despair - in which desire is ab-
sent, in which temporality itself is turned to substance. If despair is
substance and integration, desire is structure and differentiation. That
is about as clear as it gets.

Does the writer write the reader into a state of desire? Is desire a state
- or in fact the very material of inter/intratwined bodies? Lag works both
through Net lag ("Net weather") and withholding from the other, creating
the state of "-jectivity" - membranes or fields of introjections and pro-
jections in which states and processes, bodies and texts, selves and oth-
ers, constantly intermingle, in a manner similar to the Kristevan chora.

Desire-for this or that rarely interests me (although like everyone else I
have such). Nor does desire as a cant/popular term for every sort of sub-
jective inhabitation. For me, it does involve the body, just like it in-
volves the mind - I think of it as a tropism or tendency, perhaps the very
fiber of my being is at stake. And the desire for God? That is fundamental
as well, resting on the remains of corpses, a flight from abjection
towards an inconceivable purity. The resulting "clean and proper body"
(see Kristeva) is hardly that - it carries the seeds of other pernicious
ideologies...


