


FROM THE BACKBONES OF YOURS


It goes so wide, it's difficult to focus. It opens up so that the rim is
on one side and the rim is on the other. I drive so far across and there
are always rims and always equidistant. Like a halo or an aura around me,
the horizon, for which I recognize the Sign. So what I mean is, what the
road is, it goes with you. So what could be wider: the bark on the thick
stem or my desire to reproduce? So where am I traveling when I am situated
in the midst of rims?

Donald Knuth: "a _truly random sequence will exhibit local nonrandomness._
Local nonrandomness is necessary in some applications, but it is disas-
terous in others. We are forced to conclude that no sequence of 'random'
numbers can be adequate for every application. In a similar vein, one may
argue that there is no way to judge whether a _finite_ sequence is random
or not; any particular sequence is just as likely as any other one."

My writing veers through tired Jennifer, exhausted Nikuko, worn-out Julu,
myself always already on the verge. Names flood and pool; it's another
"Jennifer-piece" at this point, not an edge that cuts through language,
basking in the wound beneath the surface. It's another "Julu-piece" at the
moment, the wound or dismemberment sloughed in the crystal of the screen.
To read, says Nikuko in the "Nikuko-piece," you must begin anew, slice
across the surface of your eyes, SEE LARGE WITHOUT THE LENS. For the lens
already edits the text of the world you know, and the truth lies in the
empty socket, the rim our horizon, the cut tongue drying on the ground. We
are all THE PRESIDENT because we all rule the world, even those desperate
and dying in the last forgotten jail.

THE LENS edits the figure silhouetted against the bars of the door. THE
LENS annihilates neutral kaons on the way to countermanding symmetry. I AM
ALWAYS GATHERED AND I AM ALWAYS GATHERING, Alan thinks; this is NOT ANOTH-
ER PIECE.

Ju8lu% less zz.save v Ju9lu% rm zz.save remove zz.save? y Ju10lu% wc zz
32 274 1571 zz


