


Yours, Poetics


In fumbling about the Poetics list, making a decision not to send my wri-
ting there for peace of mind, such as it is, at least for the time being,
I've also been thinking through definitions of "poetics," not in the trad-
itional sense, but in a broader sense, where I would want to place myself,
should or should not anyone care. Because I want to belong; because the
work and I belong in the world; because my world is in the world; because
the world is in the world. The Poetics list rarely considers hypertext or
other forms; its standard (if there is one) is that, perhaps, of Oulipo
or Jackson Maclow's experimentation, not Christy Sanford's or Miekal And's
or mine, or m9ndfukc.com's or Steve Duffy's or jodi.org's or even Kent
Johnson's - I feel lost among the _writers_ - I'm tired of defending my-
self - my work's fucked - it's always already at a loss - brilliant and
dead at the same time - 

What follows is an attempt at definition of a different poetics - which I
think to some extent these words inhabit - you'll find the text also at
http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim somewhere down in the Yours pages
- and comments welcome - 

"I think of poetics as looking at relationships among forms, phenomenolo-
gies, literatures, in relation to writing/ inscription on one hand, and
the body on the other. One might include the earth as well, and the foun-
dation of the earth or the articulation of logics and structures beneath
the surface of the earth. In other words, what happens when a mouth
speaks, when words resonate, when empathy and not equivalence is primary?
This is a far cry from the politics of poetics, from the poetics of liter-
ary form, from the tropologies, scansions, and stanza patterns of poetry,
although all these play a role. But one might ask as well, within the body
of poetics, how does number play the world? How does the speaking of num-
ber align the body? How are body and world in relation to fundamental
structures of the real, such as the classical Umwelt with its things that
mostly retain shape, with its identities and typologies, with its Boolean
logics? And one might also ask, within poetics, about the relation of mu-
sic to the body, to speech, to the history of being-human. Poetics in this
sense brings everything into play, from cognitive psychology and neuro-
physiology to the mathesis of the real, and the dreaming of the body, of
the mind, and all terms wavering in the midst of the worlds murmurs and
sounds."

One might ask the style of the world, one might ask its breathing -


