


Azure's Love of Jennifer


"If the 19th century was, and I for one am thoroughly convinced that it
was, concerned with origins, then the present century is an era that has
increasingly looked for roots. A quest for origins and a search for roots
are not the same and not to be confused. The quest for origins focuses on
'whatness,' while the search for roots focuses on 'whoness.' The issue of
origins is typically centered around natural ancestry, and Darwin provided
the brand name for his age. In contrast, the quest for roots is essential-
ly concerned with probing a cultural heritage, defining the fibres of an
ethnicity, mapping ideational stratigraphies. The origins issue is charac-
teristically a biological matter, while that of roots is generally intel-
lectual in scope." (from Thomas Markey, welcome remarks to the Bellagio
conference, 1988, When Cultures Collide: The Indo-Europeans and Pre-Indo-
Europeans.) Thus said, when I seek for the origin of Jennifer, and I do, I
may look no farther than "Jennifer, Where are you?," a resonant film by
Leslie Thornton produced in 1981. But I may look likewise to my mother
Jennifer Sondheim, my daughter Jennifer Sondheim, my sister Jennifer Sond-
heim. I may look to my roots, my cultural heritage among the tribe of
Jennifers, who, like the tribe of Alans, wreaked havoc in Europe and the
British Isles. For Jennifer is neither root nor rhizome, but bundles and
sheaves of tendrils, glistening with moisture, sliding across lovers and
bodies, dreams and texts, words pouring out of mouths, tongues sliding in.
Think of the beautiful skein of the world in the form of tendril interlac-
ings; if the 1970s and 1980s were concerned with grids, the 1990s and
2000s are concerned with tendrils lazily pooling among wetware components,
as if there were shudderings across the webs and nets of meristemating
roots. Jennifer moves blindly among open cracks, holes, leaks, seepages in
the real and the programming of the real; the real moves blindly among her
openings as well. When my eyes are closed, when Azure is above me, when my
tongue devours her fluids, her skin, the delicacy of her eyes, when her
tongue devours my fluids, my skin, the delicacy of my eyes, it is the uni-
cellular layer of Jennifer that coheres the real between us, ensures our
return to language. Jennifer is the bruising of the world, its contusions,
as one moves clumsily among the things and thoughts of the world.

So how could she be the unicellular layer, tendrils, and bruisings, all at
once? Because it is the surface and the inscribing of the surface that
ruins the most; and it's the unicellular layer of Jennifer that defines
the space between us; and it's the tendrils of Jennifer which unicellular-
ly search out the crevices between my lover and myself; and it's the
bruising of my skin and breasts and necks that murmurs Jennifer! Jennifer;
and it's the unicellular layer of tendrils of Jennifer that mark our his-
tory on mattress, sheets, rooms, provinces, and worlds of my love and me;
and it's "JENNIFER!" Azure cries in her sleep, her naked body reaching out
everywhere in the room, looking for imaginary origins, shattering imagin-
ary roots.

M V    H   N L V .N    V  .    R NL    L  N L V .V F    FL    V     
L .V F F L R H .N - VH .V F L L L V NV
   J 6 %


