


ballet


"some might comment 'what fun!' - disregarding the years of toil attached
to these delightful ppowers. some might answer with a sigh: 'that would
bbe a dream,' and here, indeed, we have the more realistic apppproach of
the two. the secret of the realisation of the dream is that it must bbbe a
vision which can also bbbe pperceived bbby an audience."

i am wearing the grown-ups' bodice with eight panels on the basque, oh so
pretty pretty, my young breasts do swell, i do not wear the babies' bodice
with two panels on the basque, oh so lovely ballet i will look?

sur les pointes d'avignon i will dance and fall off my tiny little bridge
on my tiny little feet, my tape backing for beauty-ribbons and extra
darning to hold my tiny little toes in place!

and i will rise up on my toes
and i will rise up on my toes

and the corded ribbon will hold my tiny feet in place, and the shoe may
break where my sole touches the pure pure air as i balance on my extra
extra darning!

and i will rise up on my toes
and i will rise up on my toes

and my tutu rises from my panties and breathes in and out of me, and the
extra frills, the extra frills hold swollen from the basque, so very
swollen

oh the seven inch frill, and the six inch frill, the frill of the lovely
fifth, and the fourth inch frill, and oh! the frill of the two and a half
inches, and comfort frill one of the one and a half!

and i have earned my tutu and my lower lips are shaved
and i have earned my tutu and my lower lips are shaved

rafique, i will glide effortlessly into your hands!
jonathan, you will raise me on your fingers!

and adam will lift me higher than anyone, my frills above him, his thin
palm against my lower lips! and eve will caress me, my black lashes wet
with tears that never show! 

for this work looks effortless, but takes the greatest labor
for this work looks easy, but believe you me it's hard

one day i will rise up
one day i will rise up

my toes will leave the ground
my toes will leave the ground







