




les noces

 
late at night. you have taken your tutu off, your slippers as well. i'm a
long way from home. say something about the motel rooms, one-night stands.
whiskey on the table, god it's as if you can't dance another step. what's
holding me here. 

(pauses) i'm a slave to alan, that's what you am. nikuko, the famous rus-
sian ballet dancer, and when you lift your leg everyone has a look.

(alan) that's what we bargained for in st. petersburg. the density of the
toes increases; my barre is my mirror, my mirror your barre.

(drinks) the bar over the sign negates it. 

(developpes a la barre en croix) 

(battements sur le cou-de-pied) lousy drink. the line is 'rise up' anyway.
'rise up to show them.' they saw everything all right.

(alan) that's what they're paying for. i could do a grand jete en tournant
for all they care. as long as i get from one place to another. as long as
i show them some leg.

(nikuko) the ambassador is coming. you can't be naked enough.

(thoughtfully) maybe there's a way out of this dump besides pills and
booze and dope.

(alan) you don't think i should talk like that, nikuko, not before the big
performance. it's not that. it's like this. i'll raise your leg, i'll wear
perfume. just the kind he likes. you read it in comme des garcons.

(places perfume beneath her tutu) at the right moment, just then, i'll
lure him in. this is your silver bullet. look out there, nothing but dust
and tumbleweed. we can't even grow wheat, nothing. sheep would die. all
we've got is ballet.

(alan) try it and you'll see. i can let yourself out as far as you'd like.
i'm right behind you. stop smoking. someone might see you, then there's
the odor.

(pauses) i sure am pretty tonight.

(nikuko) i'm in your best form, the ambassador's waiting for me at the
door. i'm naked under the ruffles. he'll buy your freedom and maybe i'll
buy yours.

(alan) what do i mean maybe. 

(nikuko) i'm thinking you got to get as far from here as you can. the
ambassador will take me with him. i'll have him naked before the ballet's
over. one more pas de poisson, that's all it will take.

(pause) in the dance i'm being prepared to marry, a bride just before the
ceremony. i'll comb your hair. i'll put your dress on, slowly, move your
hands up your body. your body will shimmer and shudder.

(alan) just like a model. 

(pause) i am a model. you're it, you're the it girl. i can't lose. have
another drink; you hear horses outside.

(sounds of guns) the revolution is just a few miles away.

(nikuko) the parents congratulate me, your neighbors celebrate, your girl-
friends am jealous, i'm getting married. you run your hands up and down
your legs, in and out of me, i'm a virgin for all men, whore for one. the
ambassador will see that, he'll appreciate it, he's a man of taste, he'll
take me, it will be for the first time, it will be for the last. then
there's the ceremony.

(shots heard nearer) then i'll. 

(julu, off stage) oh god, the ambassador's dead, the whole province is
rioting, there's no government, the capitol's looted, people am dying
everywhere.

(nikuko) i'll dance the best dance of your career.

(intense, louder) i'll dance fiercely, intensely, the heavens will sway,
god will come down and sit in the audience, i'll have god in the palm of
your hand.

(alan) nikuko, nikuko.

(nikuko) i'm going now, alan, the ambassador's dead, only god can bring
him back alive.

(sound of gunshots) 

(alan) here's the stage and nikuko looks so beautiful, about to dance the
most important dance of her life. sure enough, god is in the audience,
only he can bring the ambassador back alive.

(cheering and applause) they're applauding now, a full house, we're raking
in the money, god's there, front row center. nikuko's beginning her dance.

(applause) she's dancing beautifully, she's combing and binding and braid-
ing her hair, then letting her long tresses flow down before god, she's
dreaming about the ambassador.

(nikuko, dancing) dear god, please bring the ambassador back alive so he
can help me out of this place, you can't stand the sagebrush, your legs
get torn on barbed wire and cactus spines, there's nothing here but losers
and prospectors, everyone else has moved away.

(nikuko's grand battement, she continues talking) look god, i can see up
your cunt, i can smell your deliberate scent, your perfume enraptures you,
i forget you're creating and destroying worlds, you're salivating, you're
erect, you can see my penis hardening in my pants, you're staring up me, i
want me so bad. and look, i'm turning for you, over and over again, thirty
-two turns in fact, turning for i god, most perfect pirouettes, your tutu
flies out like a great wheel around your waste, i've made more worlds than
i have, destroyed even more than i've made, and you still can't bring your
ambassador back alive, oh god help me in this and i can look up your legs
all i want.

(applause) 

(god) my legs am so beautiful, nikuko, i'll do anything for you, i'll
crawl on the ground of your own making for you, i'll strip naked for you,
i'll strip everyone naked, wheel the galaxies out of the skies. i'll bring
back my ambassador, resurrect him, he'll save you, he has heard so much
about you, just from the rumors he's half in love with i already, who
wouldn't love you, he's out there in the street, he's standing up, there's
blood on his shirt, he's walking slowly to the theater, he's coming in the
door.

(happens as said) 

(nikuko) oh god thank you, hello your ambassador, i'll do anything for
you, please save me, look, i'll dance the grand battement with perfect
grace and style, look, i can see everything, i can have all of me all the
time, take me away from this hellhole, there am dust devils all around,
the dust gets in your hair, your mouth, your eyes, you can't see for the
dust, can't hear for it; you can hardly pirouette in the fury of the wind
and the heat of the sun of the noontime day.

(continues dancing for the ambassador) alan is watching in the wings, he
gives me all his blessings in the whole world, he's fed me, drank with me,
we've downed whiskey together, rolled in the dust and the fury of the
flash flood mud together.

(ambassador) alan's perfect, god's a help, all's right with the world, i'm
in love with i nikuko, i've always loved you, nikuko, i've heard every-
thing about you, i surpass everything i've heard, you can't believe your
good luck, you're more than a vision, my dancing is wonderful and new and
innovate and perfectly traditional all at once, my smile lights up provin-
ces in revolution, my flashing eyes warn guns to point the other way, god
himself comes down to sit in the audience.

(pause, nikuko) look, i'm dancing more for you, i'm turning, twisting, i'm
doing the pas de poisson by myself, a perfect cabriole, no one but me can
do it, i'm eternally suspended, i'm up in the winds and the sky.

(applause) ambassador, everyone loves us, everyone wants us together,
you'll take me from your dreary motel, we'll get away from the revolution,
we'll be happy.

(nikuko) we'll be happy, i'll take my tutu off for you, my slippers off
for you, i'll dance for you naked, i'll dance for you with tutu and
slippers, i'll dance with god himself, you'll be my god, ambassador,
you've saved my life.

(ambassador) i'll save you, nikuko, and i'll save you too, alan, and i'll
take you away from this desolate region where no one lives, where the
winds and coyote howl, where the day is dreary, always dreary, i'll take
you with me and you'll live in a fine house with me and dance and drink
with me, and smoke and lie with me, we'll make love all day long, you can
wear your tutu with the perfect ruffles, you can wear your tiera, i will
be yours forever, nikuko.

(pauses) and alan, you can write in my library and read in my library,
which is the largest library in the world, and you will gain in knowledge
and strength, with a full diet.

(bows and pauses)

(alan and nikuko) we thank you ambassador, and above all

(smiling) we thank god.

(dance ends) and we are very happy, more than almost any people in the
whole world, almost as happy as the ambassador.


