




The Curtain Rises

JENNIFER: I beg pardon for the horrible crimes I have committed against my
beloved Julu, having carefully prepared for her death, wrecking her diet,
sabotaging her asthmatic medications. I cannot sleep at night, recognizing
the misery I have caused the State; I can only hope that my punishment of
death will deter future generations from murder and mayhem.

JULU: I am of course alive, Jennifer, what ever are you talking about?

JENNIFER: Julu's corpse is here before us: Poor, poor Julu! My misery
knows no bounds; for the next several months, I will live grieving for my
beloved Julu, realizing I can never atone for my hideous crimes against
her, and through her, against the very State, my beloved Country, itself.

JULU: Jennifer, will you stop that? This is silly and besides, you're be-
ginning to scare me!

JENNIFER: My guilt is aggravated by the fact that I for a long time de-
ceived my Country, betrayed the confidence placed in me; I wormed my way
into Julu's dearest graces. I need hardly mention that I repent, that my
repentance does no good at all. The proof of my repentance is my exposure
here in the broadest light of day, for the benefit of my Country, which
has been deprived of my dearest Julu.

JULU: Please, Jennifer, come with me! This is getting ridiculous - you
have done nothing, I'm quite well, thank you, and right in front of you.
Are you crazy?

JENNIFER: Disgraced, thrown in the dust, leaving life, I want to recount
my sad, tragic career, which should serve as a lesson for those who mur-
der and commit mayhem, as I have done against my beautiful Julu. But what
is there to recount? Only our friendship together and our service to our
State and Country and my disgraceful behavior towards her. I have no de-
fense whatsoever, and for just a millionth part of my crimes, for even
thinking through "the criminal imagination," I should be sentenced to
death. I have committed heinous crimes and realize this and it is hard to
live after such crimes. I do not want to sit in prison for tens of years!

JULU: You have gone mad! You have been reading too many novels! You have
been believing too many lies! Look at me! I am alive before you! Jennifer,
it's me, Julu! Jennifer! Jennifer!

JENNIFER: Years weigh heavily on me with the nightmare of the crimes which
I have committed, and by this sincere repentance, I admit everything, want
to rid myself of my nightmare. I never thought I would become a criminal.
It is hard for me to talk of my crime, because as a friend, my calling has
been to help Julu, not to harm her. I blackened the calling of a friend,
and trampled on the most valuable thing, the bond between us. I became a
murderer because I hastened dearest Julu's death, when she was in the
prime of life, her only problem that of asthmatic medications. I now beg
you to sentence me to the death I so richly deserve.

THE COURT: Jennifer, in the name of the commission duly entrusted to us -

JULU: JENNIFER!! JENNIFER!!

The Curtain Falls

