


hanging text iii

i've gone in as far as i can go. i'm choked on all of it. i'm waiting for
you. i'm waiting for the line to hang up. i'm waiting to hang from the
line. i'm kept hanging. i'm in there. i'm pressed out of your back. i'm
pressed out between our legs. i'm broken in there. i'm all colors of the
rainbow. i'm in shame. i'm hiding myself. i'm exposed. i'm troubled with
all of this. i'm nowhere. there are no suns to tell. i know i'm bound to
tell you. there's nothing to look at left or right. there's everything to
look at which empties it all out. what could be, what is emptied out.
there's no truth but i'd at least include this in what might be seen as a
search for it.

i stop by the nikuko shrine. it's ornate, ornamental, elaborate, convolu-
ted, repetitive, baroque, rococo, encrusted. it's all over me. i dream of
a black line through the deep carvings, gravures. it carries me like a
lightning fork through it. i realize - in real life - i've swallowed frac-
tal energies churning in me. they're black carrying my holes into unknown
tunnels i enter to find myself hanging there.

my words huddle together in the tunnels azure and i make into each other,
forking. i can't hear anything and scent dominates, chemicals pressing
into closed eyes. so i remember any scrolls i come across, there are a lot
of them and i'm thinking about them. they unravel into a luminous eye:

to be chanted by burned and hanging bodies:

large and luminous eye, detached, in its fullness, circumscopic, sphere 
of surrounding waters

reflecting within towards diffusing centers, there you would find,
invisibly, coalescing of emanants

we would not be acquainted with the emanants and their coalescing, 
nor of the large and luminous eye, lidless and always open 
to its internal light

nor would we speak of size in this indeterminacy of the sphere, emptiness
surrounding, nor would we speak of the quality of this emptiness, nor of
diffusing centers or diffusing center, nor of number before number

nor of the moments, before which time moved exponentially from infinity,
into and out of infinity, nor primordial concepts of into and out of, nor
primordial concepts of infinity

thinking when time beginning exponentially, thinking 
of the singularity of the vector or ray, 
the direction among sphericities,
growth of a circular nimbus on the exterior, primordial exteriors, 
waves of circumscriptions, splittings and emergent emanants

primordial names among with nikuko emerging, of wisdom and ambiance,
turning back towards diffusing centers, submerging, primordial pulsings 
and rhythms

and meanings the beginnings of shrines and primordial powers,
emergences without beginning, paradoxes of progress and development,
the eye, i, i, i, i, i

now so sadly hanging burned upon the tree, 
now turning slowly in the wind,
now long gaunt arm descending, now long fingers 
almost touching the ground, slowly turning around the object,
slowly grasping it


