


Re-Port


I am very exhausted. I'm looking at a book of Japanese emaki, picture
scrolls. The women lean in Heian images. Their kimono are jagged. My mind
is jagged. Something is wrong with me. I don't know what's wrong with me.
Azure says I walk around tired all the time, and I know I need help. I
can't afford it. I'm used to reeling around. It's late in the day for me.
I'm reading Akutagawa Ryunosuke. Read some Shinto texts today. I'm going
away tomorrow with Azure to my parents' house. I'm hopeful for rest and
meteors. I'm drinking green tea. I never sleep right. I would lean over
into the jagged kimono, my cheek cut and bleeding all over the tatami, no
one would ever notice. I see these letters in "double." I think, I say to
Azure, English is like kanji; look at the expressions "I get to go to the
movies." "I've got to go to the movies." Both are completely different
idiomatically than their formal syntax would indicate. I'm trapped by the
grammar of get up, get out, get in, get down, take up, take down, take in,
take out, done in, done for. I'm done in, feel done for, a bit down in my
get-up. It's all memorization; there's nothing left to English but the
plurals. I'm sure, I say to Azure, that all will become a row of monads,
singularities; the syntax will crack, fall through to the floor of the
chora. I'm afraid I'll wear Azure out with my own wearing-out. I want to
play guitar faster than ever. I wonder about the confusion of being in a
plane falling at .86 the speed of sound in any measurement. I have three
small woodcuts taken from a Japanese book; I bought them yesterday. There
are three women, each leaning, each Heian in appearance, stylized. I
imagine the tensed energy of the curved body beneath the minimal dozen of
layers, slim fish through currents of dyed orange, white, and purple
cloth. I wait for the angry sun. I fall to the floor, not tatami but sad
rug and wooden boards. This building dates from 1870 at least; there are
photographs. I crawl towards the window; just beyond, I see Murasaki
suspended and leaning, and what could be so beautiful. In the midst of
fantasy, exhaustion is very very real. I tremble; my muscles ache. I can
barely see the words. A port in any storm.


