


Once More, with the Usual Feeling


He's going to do it again, there will be some dismemberment, said Jenni-
fer, said Julu, he's got all these attributions of talk, no one's really
saying anything, he's trite, talking to himself, repetitious, it just goes
on and on. Someone throws a bowling ball, said Alan, and down goes Julu.

Someone said something about being really tired and hadn't they heard that
before, anyway, those who were left? People left the reading "in droves,"
although Nikuko (kill her!) had no idea how many that was. We're all tired
said Doctor Leopold Konninger; Nikuko, the "famous Russian ballet dancer"
(as if we didn't know!), was unable to wind down. Alan thought the narra-
tive demanded this continuous state of being-in-motion on one hand, and
the Doctor Leopold, on the other, rather static and uncomfortable in his
wooden chair on the wooden floor.

For all I know, said Jennifer, a vowel change is imminent. It's a way of
avoiding content, making a whole lot of noise. At this point the noise has
become a signifier or trademark of Alan as well. It's as if everything
conspires to guarantee the singularity of one text, written over and over
again, each version equally correct, coherent, well-written, more or less,
but without any sort of advance. Doctor Leopold Konninger, who came to me
in a dream, said, Alan, concurs; I'm obsessed by these texts, I can't stop
the texts, but it's almost as if they stop me.

A quotation from an obscure source, always askew to the point, "They will
come for me, / their faces screened, / mouth-banners high, silk carvings /
in or around the square shrine. / They will come for me, / banners of grey
faces, / dusk-cloths, embrochures of stone / in or around the square
shrine. / Follow the earth's fold, / wary of legs caught in crevices, / in
the air of autumn, / in the autumn air."

He's going to do it again, these stupid stupid voices, these broken limbs,
blind flutterings about the womb. He's going to keep on going, they're
massive, they're useless, they're glued together by a constant intensity,
the repetition of a monologue insistent on building the world from word.
His interest in programming is 'peculiar,' the minor satisfaction of out-
put to some extent not his own - but he short-circuits this by insisting
on writing his own. Everywhere, his own. His tentacles, Jennifer, Julu,
Nikuko, Alan, his own. His blunt texts, his own. Doctor Leopold Konninger
resists any temptation towards either the analytic or the therapeutic, and
Doctor Leopold Konninger has killed.


