


Background / Foreground 


(I sent this out, in a shorter version, to the Writing & Psychology con-
ference on Trace; it's be relevant here as well.)

I was thinking of this first a couple of years ago in relation to objects
and multimedia channels, and then looking at Miekal And's flash work
(which I love) and some of the other URL sites I've posted here - I've
been wondering about the relationship among: 

1. Multimedia OBJECTS, and their protocols, codings, animations/visuals/
audios, etc.;
2. The framework of the SCREEN or page, which holds the OBJECTS; and
3. The embedding of the SCREEN within the apparatus of the COMPUTER and
its input devices (keyboard, mouse, microphone, camera, etc.).

It seems to me that emphasis on the first relates to modernism, in the
sense that the background is assumed neutral or irrelevant, and that the
object itself forecloses on its own interiority; that the second relates
to deconstruction, to the extent that the margins and protocols are fore-
grounded as much as the embedded objects (all of this is presuming that
background is visible and somewhat well-defined); and that the third
relates to postmodernism, to the extent that it is also cyborgian, inter-
ior and exterior simultaneously. In any case, I'd like to see a phenomeno-
logy of this issue (which might be related to, say, Sherry Turkle's or
Brenda Laurel's work), somewhere, sometime. It seems to me that emphasiz-
ing the domain or tenor of a site instead of its components (which are
emphasized especially on those webpages, that, say, ask if you have this
or that plugin) is a way of approaching both experiential issues, and
issues of virtuality which rely on encompassing the spectator and her or
his body, in relation to the coding, the writer, the producer, the artist,
the director, etc.

One might consider levels of interaction, moving from the user's body and
its own foregrounding/backgrounding (see Drew Leder, The Absent Body),
through a phenomenology of the lived environment. Change the focus to the
"digital apparatus" itself (in the sense of the "cinematic apparatus") -
to the increasing diversity of displays. From displays, it is a difficult
step to the internal margins of the visual (and are there parallels in
sound as well?) - and the introjections/projections associated with images
and flash and other multimedia components. (As the case may be, extend
this farther to actively responding joysticks, teledildonic apparatus,
etc.) I would be interested in the ways that such introjection and pro-
jections (what I call "jectivity") operates in internal world-building -
where, in other words, is the user, psychologically, in the midst of all
of this. We know that one can easily inhabit the reduced audio-visual
bandwidth of a MOO or MUD, and even a novel; in multimedia, the singular
experience of reading is broken up by mouse-clicks, attention structures
across the screen, and so forth. How does this heterogeneity function in
terms of worlds? How does one move within these spaces, which can often
appear, as the modernist gallery, as an accumulation of objects against 
presumably "irrelevant" white walls? Does the white background of the
screen function as such a wall? Does a background color create a different
kind of experience altogether? What is the phenomenology of jectivity in
general, across the various sensory modalities?

The point of all of this is both practical - knowledge of the psychologi-
cal processes that are involved in world-building, from both a design and
a user viewpoint - and theoretical - how do we make sense of _any_ world,
foregrounding and background what we ascertain, for ourselves, are objects
within it? How, in other words, _are worlds inscribed?_ Multimedia pro-
vide profound tools for research here; there's always something behind the
holodeck, waiting to be fished out.


