


Tale


Two [shinto] priests were walking down a steep hill; they met a [budd-
hist] monk walking up. "Where are you going?" one of the priests asked.
"It is near the end of the world," said the monk, "and I am going to the
top of the hill to observe." "Don't you know," said one of the priests,
"it is the same everywhere?" "But not to the hill," answered the monk.
When I was telling this story, the rabbi [jewish] asked, "But why were
there two priests?" "Because, I answered, one of them might have for-
gotten the script." The rabbi answered, "But the world is the script."
And I replied, "If the world is the script, it is the hill which is
writing and the priests who are reading." The rabbi said, "But it is the
monk who guides the pen." A [protestant] minister, happening by, gave his
ear to the tale. He said, "The hill has given the pen to the tale." I
answered, "But it is christ himself who has given the hill, who has as-
cended the hill as the holy mount, to preach to one and all." The monk
said, "By what authority do you speak? For you seem to be jewish by cul-
ture, if not religion, and hardly catholic, to speak of the christ." I
answered, "It is my belief that christ is within all of us, that we are
all our sons." The monk said, "Thus we repeatedly give birth to ourselves
over and over again, generation upon generation," to which one of the
priests replied, "Yes, but it is the latter that speaks to the former,
since the latter carries the wisdom of the former." The minister said,
"It is upon such that the gospel was written." I answered, "It is upon
such that everything is written, from the beginning to the end of the
word." The rabbi answered, "Thus is the word made world," and the monk
said, "And thus the catholic, the word made flesh. For what is the flesh
of the word?" One of the priests said, "To be cleansed and purified, for
the circumspection of the living." I added, "Thus for the circumspection
of the dead," and the monk replied, "From here throughout our ministra-
tions." The rabbi said, "For who is to be believed, properly speaking,
but the holy script itself?" A nearby jainist answered, "In relation to
the fecundity of the earth, to which we should give as little pain as
possible." The monk replied, "What is universal has no recourse among the
individual." The rabbi agreed, saying, "And who is among the enlight-
ened?" I replied, "Those who know the value of this, not that - and that,
not this." "Exactly," cried the monk. The minister, perplexed, ended the
session by stating that suffering and enlightenment are both in the hands
of god, to whom we give thanks. The priests nodded in assent.


