




a message from the past:   a message from the past:                   

P:: for this is the furthermost point of my advance, through and into your
time, the time of this mailing, before i return to the tenth century. oh,
it has always been assumed that time travel goes from present to past,
present to future, and return again, but i am writing to inform you that
there are those of us who prefer living in the past, and on occasion
venturing to a future already past for those living in the present: this
is the safest existence possible, and i am breaking our tradition by
informing you, here, and now, of this exigency. for we live safely in a
world still populated by numerous plants and animals you have driven to
extinction, not to mention numerous ethnic groups which you have violated,
eliminated, torn from their native lands, destroyed in every conceivable
fashion. our world is still whole, and as long as we move back and forth
within it, never venturing beyond, let us say, the date and time of this
missive itself, we shall be ensured of permanent domicile, even with the
threat of your nuclear war bringing everything to a halt. P:: in the
meantime, what is it i wish to say to you? nothing, but a greeting; there
is no way to respond, no place of residence within which you may find me.
or rather, you might trace one or another life across cities, nations,
continents; such a life may or may not cross my own, but at least, if you
return to the tenth century, you will be far closer than you are at this
very moment. perhaps if i told you my name? it would mean nothing to you
of course, although you may call me saki. of course there are many such,
and there is no guarantee that this word is properly transliterated, and
among us, transliteration is all that exists. so you may think of me as
this text, ignoring the consciousness from the past, roaming among lands
and centuries, that has produced it. nonetheless, i do call the tenth
century my home; i have so many friends there, and the comforting ring of
familiarity continues eternally. P:: of course you may, there is always a
kindness in that.


