


Accidental


I have seen several violent accidents in my life; today was another, an
older woman struck by a car at high speed, bounced about on the hood; the 
car coming to a fast halt, the woman sliding down the road. I spoke to 
the driver, directed traffic, others called ambulance, police, and fire
department, all of which took far too long to arrive. Thinking the inci-
dent through, beyond the obvious warnings about pedestrians and traffic, 
I realized the following -

First, there is a moment when _the anomaly of the accident is simply in-
visible_ - I saw a bundle bouncing on the hood, violently, heard odd
screams like mourning doves' 'wooo wooo wooo' (I still don't know where
these originated) - and I _could not recognize anything._ I was far from
thinking _accident._ Once I filmed a ball of fire rolling down a road, not
realizing it was a smashed car with three people burning alive in it. I
filmed it as an event, an ecstatic meteor, and nothing whatsoever of the
content occurred to me. (This is of course based on the assumption that
the content is the burning bodies.) In all of these cases, there is a mo-
mentary fascination with _reality gone awry,_ as if the comedic had sud-
denly come to life out of nowhere. Oddly, my mind has never gone in search
of film or television media and their car crashes, real or fictional; the
inertness of the real, instead, asserts itself, the mind trying desperate-
ly to find a place for the event. Scripts and tags tend to fall apart fast
under such circumstances; it takes a mode of circumvention, circumambula-
tion, to produce the _accident_ tag that brings everything crashing in or
down as the inertia of the world in relation to organism. (See below.)

Second, there is a wave of vertigo and nausea (slight or pronounced - when
I saw the family lying in pieces in body bags on Flatbush, it was the lat-
ter; today, the former), as in 'virtual reality sickness' - things no
longer add up, and the accident filters the real into the abject (as the
body or bodies have both intrinsic and extrinsic boundaries broken), as if
any witnessed violence involved a degree of _veering._ This transforms in-
to a general shakiness, trembling; I am still extremely nervous now, a
good hour and a half later.

Third, there is a _community bound by injury or death, circumscribed by
the accident,_ of onlookers, many of whom assume formal and traditional
roles of counsel, warning, calling for help. In this case, the driver of
the car that struck the woman was most concerned that he be not to blame,
and I aided him by walking him over to a bus driver (beginning to leave
with his passengers) who saw the whole thing and blamed another vehicle;
they exchanged names and information before the bus drove off. I then
spoke with another MTA woman who blamed the car driver after all, and had
seen the whole thing. I stopped traffic for the police; I counseled the
woman, like numerous others, to lie still, I spoke with the driver of the
car.

Fourth, one may consider the leaving of the bus part and parcel of the ac-
cident _vectors,_ all after the fact, which includes the formation of the
community of onlookers slowly dispersing, the arrival and departure of
ambulance, firetruck, police vehicles, others involved in the regulation
and salvation of the city matrix. One might think of these gatherings and
releases as the sudden formation of a standing-wave, fed by the external
energy of the anomaly, then just as quickly dispersing after the nodes,
the bodies and cars, are removed.

And the virtual? All indications are that we live generally in the virtu-
al, that our perceptions of the real are autonomic at best. It takes a
large anomaly to challenge us, illustrate the internal drives that guide
us through the day as if we were conscious. The restoration of equilibrium
- nausea slowly ending, nervousness subsiding - takes a great deal of
time, as, for several hours, one has the distinct feeling that _reality
can no longer be trusted._ The mind can't think this way for too long,
however, and sooner or later, we're coasting, we're coasting ...



