


AGENDA


The Ambassador announces the Report of the Committee on Relations with the
Host Country and the appointment of a member by THE PRESIDENT. THE PRESI-
DENT acknowledges. The Ambassador announces the Report of an International
Atomic Energy Agency. THE PRESIDENT nods his head.

Doctor Leopold Konninger is supposed to be chairing the meeting on Human
Rights Questions, Including Alternative Approaches for Improving the
Effective Enjoyment of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms. Where is
Doctor Leopold Konninger asks THE PRESIDENT and the Ambassador turns his
head.

Doctor Leopold Konninger has drawn up the Vienna Accords in relation to
their Comprehensive Implementation. The Ambassador eagerly awaits the
Special Rapporteur on the Question of Torture and Human Rights in Afghan-
istan. THE PRESIDENT goes to a closed meeting on the Rights of Peoples to
Self-Determination and the approval of a draft pursuant to that effect. 

Doctor Leopold Konninger, says the Ambassador, is worrisome these days.
The Ambassador is in charge of Special Human Rights Violations in the
United States of America. He is also the Special Rapporteur on the Sit-
uation of Human Rights in the Sudan.

Doctor Leopold Konninger is considerably weakened; he has not eaten for
several days, and promises not to eat for several days more. He is still
naked and quite cold; he has eyes only for Nikuko, the beautiful Russian
ballet dancer and her cabrioles. Nikuko is stunning in a lavender tutu and
matching tights and slippers. 

Doctor Leopold Konninger has killed many people. He watches Nikuko close-
ly, his pince-nez back in place, his legs and lips slightly parted. For
the past two days, he has not been able to think of death, nor his work
promoting Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought
and/or Desertification, particularly Those Countries South of the Standard
Equatorial Zone. He believes he owns Nikuko, grown her like a plant or
animal or human. He believes he has fed her body and thereby owns those
transformations of her body pursuant to proper nourishment, Nikuko eating
during her pirouettes, drinking during her entrechats.

Doctor Leopold Konninger cannot imagine speaking a single word. He cannot
imagine anything. The Ambassador says to THE PRESIDENT, who has returned
from his closed meeting, to the subject of Doctor Leopold Konninger, there
no longer corresponds an object.

THE PRESIDENT nods. He and the Ambassador leave for the Meeting for the
Suppression of the Traffic in Persons and of the Exploitation of the
Prostitution of Others. They pass by a door, imagining Doctor Leopold
Konninger and Nikuko within. THE PRESIDENT says to the Ambassador, just
as Doctor Leopold Konninger is a subject without a corresponding object,
so does this meeting have an object without a corresponding subject.

Hit? n You have 19 Dealer has KC+AD+2D+TC = bust You win $2 Action $6
You're even New game 5C up 4D+5S Hit?

They are both thinking of Nikuko. They cannot imagine what is Nikuko's
and what is not Nikuko's. Nikuko cannot imagine either. She is at the top
of her form.

