


The Avatar and the End of All Things


Kant's Das Ende Aller Dinge states, of a dying man, that "er gehe  a u s
d e r  Z e i t  i n  d i e  E w i g k e i t." - he goes out of time into
eternity. And here Kant - the rest of us as well - runs into the aporia of
his essay, time in timelessness, the blank wall upon which nothing is
inscribed, nothing emerges. This is not the same wall, as death itself,
which may be an annihilating horizon, but it is the state of time frozen,
a state unknown to those frozen within it, for knowledge and self-know-
ledge require time for their development. Over and over, Kant batters the
wall, with the result of no result, through moral and ethical issues,
through metaphysics and the natural world, through the fables of Revela-
tions and rationality, all of which are drenched in time. But what shall
we say of avatars or literary figures, for example Jennifer, who, as I
have repeated stated, "have all the time in the world," since they are
simultaneously activated and quiescent, avatars or figures who do not
_inhabit_ time, but only stasis or a discrete series of separated states,
each of which is origin and final in itself?

So that Jennifer, for example, is herself/itself an aporia, a knot in
time, an irresolution, such as "Furthermore, reason would in its theoret-
ical use be equally ineffective if it were to attempt to progress on the
basis of a principle of the inactivity and unchangeability of the world's
beings, but would, rather than progress, lapse into thoughtlessness." (All
translations in this paragraph, Ted Humphrey.) Etiquette, protocol of a
different sort, comes into play - "That, however, there will be some point
in time when all change (and with it time itself) ceases, is a representa-
tion that offends the imagination." The "offense of the imagination" (re:
"emporende Vorstellung" - "emporende" with connotations of scandal, shock)
lies in this, "For then, surely, nature in its entirety will be fixed and,
as it were, petrified; the last thought, the last feeling will come to a
standstill in the thinking subject and remain, without change, always the
same." We're returned to the _substance_ in Plato's Parmenides - the muck
and mud of the world, the _same,_ accompanied by lacks of object and dif-
ferentiation - in other words, a primordial abjection which irrupts and
breaks through both culture and cosmos. This is the _uncanny state_ of the
avatar Jennifer - not her/its "life-like appearance," but her/its consti-
tuted and reconstituted state _outside of time,_ always already present in
appearance, as if she/it were gnawing at the real. And on that point, this
note concludes, not following Kant into his Christianity without impera-
tive forming a potential way out of impasse, if it be (morally) worthy of
love.


