


Exodus of the Name


Exodus III 14: And God said to Moses, I am that I am - I would read this
as Gods said/will say to Moses, I will be that which I will be / I am that
I am - there's a biblical tense implication of an exteriority to temporal
subjectivity - and he says / will say, such / thus you will say to the
children of Israel, I am / I will be has sent me to you. But this is the
message and the messenger, and I am is that which remains external as well
to particle or particularity, its resonance by virtue of the anecdote and
anecdote alone applied here. For any creature may say I am that I am, and
I will be what I will be, or that which I will be, eheeyeh ASHER aheeyeh,
looping through the conjunction. What is this particle that forecloses in
the ancient mesopotamian-egyptian region? The primal fire from which the
words emerge is precisely the fire of inscription, the residue of the ges-
ture, and the inscription, as well, of the universal fire from which the
inflationary cosmos originated. Rashi conjoins this with sorrow, but con-
sider, a universal machine, an originary machine itself, from which sorrow
would be nothing but detour. One detours, tiptoes around the inert; it is
the inert, however, the grain of the voice, that implicates the human, and
the inert of alterity that tends towards transcendence. Think of the real-
inert itself, within which we harbor culture; from whence does it come, to
when does it go? One may only consider culture and localized meaning in
this regard.

In Exodus III 15: And God/s said / will say in addition, more over, again,
to Moses [ ... ] This [is] my name forever, and this is my memorial/remem-
brance from generation to generation. Rashi states: zeh shemee l'olum,
This [is] my name forever - The last word is written without the vuv (so
that it may be read l'alaym which means 'this is my name _which is to be
concealed_) to suggest: Conceal it (this name) so that it shall not be
read exactly as it is written (but should be read as adonai, my Lord). Now
therefore one might further Rashi, finding that Being itself, I am / I
will be / have been, _is itself a concealment_ among which alterity and
response / responsibility to the other is primary; Levinas inhabits this
dialogic.

But what is this concealment, if not that of death? I will be what I will
be - only divinity can ascertain this continuous existence, the implica-
tion of the continuous I / eye? It is death that detours back into the
suffering described by Rashi, the detour of death that conceals Being,
which has no appearance except that of the event of death, sutured within
the inert, but fallible for every organism. Names and beings conceal as
they reveal; the particle-inert replaces the practico-inert, as the real
takes on the cloak of metaphysics, no matter what one believes in relation
to spirit, spiritual, or divine.


