


Merging and Rambling


If IBM merged with the Post Office, you'd have International Business Ma-
chine Office. If Red Hat merged with Microsoft, you'd have Red Soft. If
Linux merged with Unix, you'd have Lunix. If Macy's merged with Stern's,
you'd have Merny's. If CBS radio merged with CBS television you'd have CBS
relevision. If the American Broadcasting System merged with Pinchik's
Hardware, you'd have Pamerican Hoadcasting System. If Alan merged with
Azure you'd have Alure. If Nettime merged with Cybermind you'd have Net-
mind. If the Internet merged with the London Times, you'd have Lonernet
Times. If Tibet merged with Belgium , you'd have Tigium. If a President
Clinton merged with a Margaret Thatcher, you'd have Margaret Clinton. If
NATO merged with the Red Brigades, you'd have Ned Brigades. If Dean Street
merged with O'Reilly Publishing, you'd have Deano Reilly Publishing. If a
password merged with login, you'd have pogin. If the first word merged
with the last word, you'd have the fast word. If Wall Street merged with
Leopoldstrasse, you'd have Wallopoldstrasse. If Venus merged with Mars,
you'd have Vars. If the Universe merged with Nothing you'd have Unnothing,
but if the Void merged with the Abyss, you'd have the Voiss. If Chrysler
merged with the Y2k problem, you'd have the Chrytookay problem. If Kyoko
Date merged with Madonna, you'd have Kyodonna. If a sentence merged with 
a paragraph, you'd have a sentagraph. If Bladerunner merged with Little
Women, you'd have Blattle Women. If God merged with Sondheim, you'd have
Gondheim, but if Old Navy merged with Banana Republic, you'd have Old
Banana Republic and if Pathmart merged with Wimpy's, you'd have Pampy's,
but if Ford merged with women, you'd have Fomen, and if Hibiscus merged
with Tulips you'd have Hibips. 

There were some people over there who had a dance. Some other people came
up. They were from the Turtle People. Two of them carried a shining thing
they saw in the water. Some women tried to shoot at it. One of them caught
it in her net. She brought it back. Some men at the dance tried to take
it. A bird landed on the net and it disappeared. The woman said, from now
on you will have this disease. She took the shining thing and put it in
the sky.


