


Dispersing and Specifying


Nikuko, said Doctor Leopold Konninger, I cannot take my eyes off your
pirouettes; I am obsessed with your body; I dream of you all the time. If
Newold separated from Kamikuko, you'd have Nikuko, and if sin separated
from betrayed you'd have said. If Dormant separated from formoctor, you'd
have Doctor. If Larolei separated from pereopold, you'd have Leopold and
if Kronstecker separated from Remanlonninger you'd have Konninger, and if
be separated from bisexuality, you'd have I and if crawl separated from
revannot you'd have cannot. If torso separated from ache you'd have take,
and if lie separated from amory, you'd have my. If early separated from
dyes, you'd have eyes and if ocular separated from troff, you'd have off
and if yeast separated from sour, you'd have your. If pear separated from
tutuirouettes, you'd have pirouettes. If breasts separated from intense,
you'd have I and if nipples separated from Vietnam you'd have am. If on
separated from obsessed, you'd have obsessed. If pith separated from
welkin, you'd have with and if tower separated from over, you'd have your.
If being separated from threnody, you'd have body. If sighing separated
from buy, you'd have I, and if dormant separated from ream, you'd have
dream, and if dove separated from off, you'd have of, and if yes separated
from yesteryou, you'd have you. If ball separated from wall, you'd have
all, and if filigree separated from filiathe, you'd have the and if tense
separated from tourmaline, you'd have time.

Nikuko the famous Russian ballerina was near the wooden chair where Doc-
tor Leopold Konninger, with a tophat, cane, and ocular, sat. Her clockwise
pirouettes obsessed the Doctor, who forgot his patient. He could not take
his eyes off her legs beneath her pink tutu, which rose and fell with eve-
ry turn. Nikuko the famous Russian ballerina and the doctor were soaked
with sweat and sexual lubricants between their legs. He was unable to
tell, in his obsession, whether his face revolved close to her stained
clothing, and she could not tell, in her pirouetting, whether he could
fulfill her intense desires.


