


Hemm, Kumm, K!omm


hemm, noise of wind, kumm, noise of dancing, k!omm, silence

If the imperatives are the primordial forms of word roots as Diamond in-
sists, some of the Native American languages are difficult to reconcile;
the kudasai in Japanese is a polite form - he covers Japanese in fact - an
attempt to locate the fundamental nature and origin of language - an old
book - but what does one make of the Hebrew - in reading the decalogue -
two versions - what does one make of the slight differences - God sliding
out from under? This stops making sense - I'm thinking of Spinoza's sub-
stance, already bound to Indo-European; it's difficult to make I-E sense
of noun forms and verb forms in Native American languages - the Handbook
speaks of processes, which seem fundamental there. Still Diamond's notion
of the request parallels Tran Duc Thao's notion of the gesture - couple
this with ice ages, rapidly changing climates, population explosions mov-
ing across varied biomes, and the need for generalized - superstructural -
vocalizations becomes paramount. I'd add the prerequisites of bipedality,
opposing thumbs, relatively upright posture (body swiveling) - you've got
in fact a _generalized animal_ already appearing as an _environmental vec-
tor._ Think of this vector as a _searing of substance, an inscription,_
and we are well on the way to understanding the cutting of the command-
ments into stone. Writing has always been with us; the Acheulean pebbles
might well predate spoken language. Look at the way the body moves! What's
he doing? ade surprise, e pity for hardships endured, ana, pain regret
sorrow pity, ahaha, pain, he, call indeed, ho hoho oho, surprise at suc-
cess, na, disapproval, aha, ridicule, eheiu, derision, le, derision of
weakness, ia, reproach for foolishness, naxaxax, anger, texa, that is
nothing, kue, good, k!c, oh: halelelelelele, noise of flight of an arrow,
wulelelele, noise of flight of cormorants, watsetsetsetsetse, cry of blue-
jay, qa'nawulewulewulewule, cry of gull, wo, bark of dog, wa, cry of
child, ha, cry of person weeping, wauuu, low voice, kukuku, voice of blue-
jay after he had become a ghost. (Franz Boas, Chinook, in Handbook of
American Indian Languages, 1911, A. S. Diamond, The History and Origin of
Language, 1959, Spinoza, Ethics, Rashi, Commentaries, Frederick Copleston,
A History of Philosophy, Volume 4. 1960, Tran Duc Thao, Investigations in-
to the Origin of Language and Consciousness, 1984.)

Over here!


