


last formula, murmur, calculated for this year's end, please recite during
the day of 12/31/99, necessary for establishment of all spheres, please do
not recite this prolog, please understand the encoding is compressed to a
very high degree, unraveling will unravel this and all other worlds, i
have taken precautions - ((  n iao n non maoeo orerere n memar rimo lnuln
iaa l lonul arareoeo orerere n memar rimo llnul iaa nul lonul ararenoeo
orerere n memar rimo nullll iaa nul non ararenoeo orerere n memar rimo
lnuln iao n nonul maoeo orerere n memar rimo lllln iaa n non mroeo orerere
n memar rimo llnul iaa nul nonul mroeo orerere n memar rimo lllln iao n
lon oaooeo oarimrorim ramoaa rimr aroraorimo rimo iarorim irimom iro
iamoma imrimrar imam imararim  ))


-----


fragment...

BRK .sm BRK i.lt BRK et BRK rstom.nc BRK .net.tt BRK et.pg BRK w.edu.pl
BRK .uniandes.edu.co BRK .za BRK wan.ac.uk BRK ensu.ca BRK .fapesp.br BRK
ncst.ernet.in BRK dcc.uchile.cl BRK .bg.ac.yu BRK m :: broken traceroute

---



^^^^^


Raise both hands, palm upwards, hunching the shoulders inward, the fore-
head also raised, including the eyebrows. Accompany this with a slight
smile. Point across the space with the index finger of the right hand at
the other. Raise and lower the head in his or her direction. Now bend your
body forward, holding your hands concave/convex (the left hand arched away
from the body, the right hand arched towards the body), draw them across
your limbs, one after the other, slowly lingering. Following this, place
them across your chest, as if you were wrapping a blanket. Then extend
your arms away from your body, with your hands horizontal, mostly flat
with your palms downward, and raise them to a height indicating a great
pile. Sweep outward with your right hand, indicating negation. Now you
have the attention of the other. Look intently at her. She will look back
intently at you, but you must attract her attention to your hands. The
indexfinger of your right hand should then touch her chest, approaching
her in a closed position, except the forefinger should be crooked against
the end of the thumb, with the whole configuration upright and the palm
outward. Now move your hand slowly horizontal, and look intently at her
again. She will look intently at you again with her forehead raised and a
slight expression of consternation, her forehead slightly wrinkled, her
eyes half-opened. Now speak to her slowly and say, "We don't want your
clothes." She will understand your gestures to refer to the great amount
of clothes she has offered you.


