




A Note on Time Zero and Sources for Nikuko and the Doctor


It is increasingly difficult to write about, from this distance and exter-
iority, Doctor Leopold Konninger, and Nikuko. They inhabit this and other
virtual worlds; they are also in stasis, a constant jarring of pirouette,
observance, sexuality, obsession. Even this text is forced into repetition
as a result - for example "Nikuko has all the time in the world" and what
that implies. For the reader, the texts, which necessarily abjure narra-
tive (for what could possibly happen when nothing can or does?), appear
stagnant - the reality is that each is a memorial or reminder of constancy
on the part of "the famous Russian ballet dancer and her Doctor."

I am placed inside (and hence stagnant/frozen) and outside (hence writing,
active) simultaneously - a paradoxical situation, since the writing pro-
ceeds, as it must, through diegesis, temporal unfolding - against the wall
of the Doctor and Nikuko. Yet, if I choose not to write, to remain silent
(as witnesses may remain silent), I am, for-myself, inauthentic in my re-
sponse - which is to _keep the Doctor and Nikuko before the public,_ to
allow the public to view, however mediated, the constancy that is the two
of them locked, as if in fatal sexual embrace.

Thus "at the risk of boring the reader," always a reminder, which is by
necessity a remainder, of Nikuko, more or less naked, more or less in her
pink tutu, more or less shaved, turning before Doctor Leopold Konninger,
more or less naked, more or less in his suit, top-hat and monocle (cane by
his side), more or less erect and spent, _as if by virtue of a hair._ And
that this image, from the imaginary imagination, equally spends itself
within you, the voyeur to their exhibitionism, reader to my writing (and
_that_ is where the dissymmetry emerges) - delineated by dreamwork, by ei-
detic imagery, by hypnagogic imagery, by imagery at the service of every-
day life.

Who is open to whom? For whom the pirouettes? Who, at long last, becomes
obsessive ballerina, and who watches himself or herself in what mirrors,
what _photography?_


------


Sources for Nikuko and Doctor Leopold Konninger


1. Chaucer, Merciles Beaute, I:

Your yen two wol slee me sodenly;
I may the beautee of hem not sustene,
So woundeth hit thourghout my herte kene.

And but your word wol helen hastily
My hertes wounde, while that hit is grene,
  Your yen two wol slee me sodenly;
  I may the beautee of hem not sustene.

Upon my trouthe I sey you feithfully
That ye ben of my lyf and deeth the quene;
For with my deeth the trouthe shal be sene.
  Your yen two wol slee me sodenly;
  I may the beautee of hem not sustene,
  So woundeth it thourghout my herte kene.

2. Sue Williams, Lacanian Ink 7, paragraphs 5-7

  Now she's beaten, sad and in pain... but she'll move on, will get out of
it, finally. Domineering? She'll give it a try--wear leather, high thin
heeled shoes, a whip, also may excel at verbal abuse.

  Now it's men: they come in by the hour, are very peculiar, want disgust-
ing things. They masturbate, scream--Mom, mom--while she urinates on them;
or they bring their own tutus to wear, their own ballet petticoats: "Aun-
tie Lady I've been bad, I need to be raped with a dildo..."

  Now she has power over the beasts.

3. Immanuel Kant, Universal History, first and second thesis:

All of a creature's natural capacities are destined to develop completely
and in conformity with their end. [...]

In man (as the sole rational creature on earth), those natural capacities
directed toward the use of his reason are to be completely developed only
in the species, not in the individual.

4. J.N. Adams, The Latin Sexual Vocabulary, page 126:

  _Irrumo_ in etymology reflects the popular obsession among Latin speak-
ers with a similarity felt between feeding and certain sexual practices.
It is a denominative of _ruma / rumis,_ 'teat,' and would originally have
meant 'put in the teat.' [...] _Irrumo_ and _fello_ describe the same type
of sexual act, but from different points of view: _irrumo_ from the view-
point of the active violator (= _mentulam in os inserere_), _fello_ from
that of the passive participant.

5. Hippocrates, Decorum, V., first part:

Wherefore resume each of the points mentioned, and transplant wisdom into
medicine and medicine into wisdom. For a physician who is a lover of wis-
dom is the equal of a god. Between wisdom and medicin there is no gulf
fixed; in fact medicine possesses all the qualities that make for wisdom.
It has disinterestedness, shamefastness, modesty, reserve, sound opinion,
judgment, quiet, pugnacity, purity, sententious speech, knowledge of the
things good and necessary for life, selling of that which cleanses, free-
dom from superstition, pre-excellence divine.

6. Ron Ewart, Fuchsia Lexicon, Revised Second Edition, page 86:

'Dancing Flame' - STUBBS 1982 - AFS Registration No 1621 - Double

_Tube_ short and thick, pale orange to flesh with darker stripes. _Sepals_
pale orange on top, slightly deeper orange on the undersides, medium
length, slender and recurving slightly. _Corolla_ orange carmine, deeper
shade in the centre and lighter orange on the outer petals, slightly flar-
ing. _Foliage_ medium green, largish leaves with serrated edges. _Growth_
trailer, basket variety. Can be grown as a bush with early support. Vigor-
ous and free-flowering. _Parentage_ 'Novella' x 'Applause.'


