


too much anatomy

skin
skin, no jump-cuts, skipping nothing, guitar tuned so low microtones are
patches of skin skins are invisible. in this world we don't need skins, so
we need clothes breathing down your neck. i can see your skin through
anything you place thank you, i know you have invisible skins. i know you
are saying these each other. i can't see your skin at all, and you can't
see mine, and we
tissue
bone
above mausoleum-mouths, skulls riding into roof-hole skies, boned bent
there's a bone in my foot against your splintered bones against your
splintered bones calls forth dissolutions last suck, ingest- name burned
in me, my tongue ripped against your splintered bones is, dead name burned
in me, my tongue ripped against your splintered bones?
muscle
hair
shakuhachi and voice combined, azure and me on the floor, on the chair,
as packets sputter and die, i'm slamming my arms into the chair, the pain
Nikuko the famous Russian ballerina was near the wooden chair where Doc-
his side), more or less erect and spent, _as if by virtue of a hair._ And
vagina
penis
eye
signal corrections, eye always on the waveform monitor and vectorscope
I will be what I will be, or that which I will be, eheeyeh ASHER aheeyeh,
tion of the continuous I / eye? It is death that detours back into the
i rip your cock, your eyes, your mind, writing beneath the .concealment 
Nikuko, said Doctor Leopold Konninger, I cannot take my eyes off your
dyes, you'd have eyes and if ocular separated from troff, you'd have off
his eyes off her legs beneath her pink tutu, which rose and fell with eve-
head also raised, including the eyebrows. Accompany this with a slight
eyes half-opened. Now speak to her slowly and say, "We don't want your
mouth
for queen, mouth, wheel, superimposed over disheveled azure mouthing aah,
glazed look, tripods everywhere, my mouth's long aaah in background, this
above mausoleum-mouths, skulls riding into roof-hole skies, boned bent
skull-heart thinking twisted moon against words mouth-lined, from steamed
so that you can see us. i say these things all the time with mouths you
cock
pain, contusions on our skulls, cock lacerations, labial woundings churn
violent cock, violent cunt, it's the burn-marks as bodies splinter, grope,
i rip your cock, your eyes, your mind, writing beneath the .concealment
teeth, your breasts shuddering in pain, contusions on our skulls, cock
this cunt and cock shaft, torn and bleeding lent cock, violent cunt, it's
the burn-marks as bodies splinter, grope, abia surrounding my cock, the
cock, at the very interval of the
cunt
violent cock, violent cunt, it's the burn-marks as bodies splinter, grope,
this cunt and cock shaft, torn and bleeding lent cock, violent cunt, it's
the burn-marks as bodies splinter, grope, cunt, to the labial portal
backoning my
hand
my hands, want that freedom of pure touch ahead of visual feedback, here i
studio imagery, as well as more musical recording. i worry that my hands
haven't been able to shake it, the v5000 camcorder was able to handle the
rol is the slider or knob, the hand twisting about the boards, arm moving
the tape in my hand, the noise on the vhs vcr, in problematic opposition
the final crash. On the other hand, like Star Trek beaming, they may re-
Raise both hands, palm upwards, hunching the shoulders inward, the fore-
smile. Point across the space with the index finger of the right hand at
body forward, holding your hands concave/convex (the left hand arched away
from the body, the right hand arched towards the body), draw them across
your arms away from your body, with your hands horizontal, mostly flat
pile. Sweep outward with your right hand, indicating negation. Now you
intently at you, but you must attract her attention to your hands. The
indexfinger of your right hand should then touch her chest, approaching
outward. Now move your hand slowly horizontal, and look intently at her
foot
footage from the tr81, the jittering just added to the dance, used noise
there's a bone in my foot
body
pixelless image, the image-body as flux or flow, it fascinates, fastens of
the body against imminent desire, imminent against immanent, clutching no
wings,' one always inheres in the body, its presence-presentiment, it's i
attach serrated edges to my body! my body slows into an easy descent on
referent, in relation to body and pain, this bursts through desire, body
and sex, writing beneath the .concealment of the name, my body bandaged,
flesh of the name, my body bandaged, flesh seared to the core from your
intense opposing thumbs, relatively upright posture (body swiveling) -
you've got might well predate spoken language. Look at the way the body
moves! What's lded and circles your body. Your your body. I open myself 
to you. pirouettes; I am obsessed with your body; I dream of you all the
time. If If being separated from threnody, you'd have body. If sighing
separated body forward, holding your hands concave/convex (the left hand
arched away from the body, the right hand arched towards the body), draw
them across your arms away from your body, with your hands horizontal,
mostly flat


