


what we watched


they're dark, flooded, also naked as in the fumbling movement of bodies
around or crossing, a kind of flesh against a night-time planet. azure
said they should be seen in blackness. i'd imagine the dance and videos
continuing in a space for hours.

it would be interesting to work for hours in the space, until everything
exhausts itself, everyone is exhausted.

until there is a speaking in the space, or murmuring, of dancers and doc-
tors and a variety of centuries. 

something rolling, roiling about the work, intense movement. sometimes i
think of azure and i naked for a week or a month, stumbling around equip-
ment always on, processing.

pitch-black, the audience moving from station to station, or a space like
a slab or monolith, i see the ghost from azure's makeup, the corpse of
dancing, memories of faces, bodies.

retrieving bodies for ecstasy that lasts forever.

darkness, the fragility of the retrieving. the labor (again, labor) in-
volved in the recuperating. images hardening into simulacra of performers.

what comes across the media and what's direct, in the space, a presence.
what is carried by beams of light, what's carried by scent.

spaces of the corners or creases of bodies, convulsive bodies, bodies
crossing savanna, grasping at straws, branches, climbing. the clambering
of bodies.

something of the nature of the dream, what begins to dissolve the real, a
huddling in the matrix, something about origins in them. as in the para-
bles, origins present by virtue of image or imaginary, then spoken or
speaking, sight the least of it.

the tension of movement which creates things or the tension of movement
during the creation of things.

exhaustion, as if waking from dreaming to work. returning to dream, or
rather, dreams which cut like stone into or from the real, a form of
hardness.

submergence, what comes out, is visible, in blackness, the midst of it,
what is seen as veneer, or by light, veering from the edges of movements,
or lips.

from origin to origin, among origins.


