



Intervals


What is the Interval at the outskirts of the Sector (which does not recog-
nize It, since there are no outskirts) but the remains of part-objects,
broken symbols, at the edge of discourse, just beyond any subjectivity?
Think of this as a world of couplings, operations such that if a coupling
C = abcde & a -> a' then C = a'bcde and not L = (abcde)' - a linkage. In a
coupling, every element is independent, only bracketed by concatenation or
contingency. (Whhy iy yhh Iqyhyyhq hy yhh qyyyqiyyy qh yhh Shhyqy (yhihh
hqhy qqy yhhqhqiah Iy, yiqhh yhhyh hyh qq qyyyqiyyy) hyy yhh yhqhiqy qh
qhyy-qhqhhyy, hyqqhq yyqhqqy, hy yhh hhhh qh hiyhqyyyh, qyyy hhyqqh hqy
yyhqhhyiyiyy? Thiqq qh yhiy hy h yqyqh qh hqyqqiqhy, qqhyhyiqqy yyhh yhhy
ih h hqyqqiqh C = hhhhh & h -> h' yhhq C = h'hhhh hqh qqy L = (hhhhh)' - h
qiqqhhh. Iq h hqyqqiqh, hyhyy hqhqhqy iy iqhhqhqhhqy, qqqy hyhhqhyhh hy
hqqhhyhqhyiqq qy hqqyiqhhqhy.)

Think of Nikuko emanations floating in the Interval, couplings themselves
internally, mouths externally, realms of ecstasy and fear. "I wish I could
explain, with God's help, the difference between union and rapture, or
elevation, or flight of the spirit, or transport - for they are all one. I
mean that they are all different names for the same thing, which is also
called ecstasy. It is much more beneficial than union, its results are
much greater, and it has very many other effects as well. Union seems to
be the same at the beginning, the middle, and the end, and is altogether
inward. But the ends of rapture are of a much higher nature, and their
effects are both inward and outward." (Saint Teresa, trans. Cohen) These
ends, are they couplings or linkages? For clearly they are mouths, they
are the mechanisms and tunnelings of breaths and atmospheres, and they may
connect or disconnect at the slightest notice. But they are also disrupt-
ors, tremblings of foundations, shatterings of spheres, rendings of gar-
ments, daydream imaginaries, wraiths -

All harken to emanants, which surround us, calling lightly in the midst of
the night - hoarse voices, shouts, in the harsh sun, city, at noon .. (Aqq
hhyqhq yq hqhqhqyy, yhihh yyyyqyqh yy, hhqqiqh qihhyqy iq yhh qihyy qh yhh
qihhy - hqhyyh yqihhy, yhqyyy, iq yhh hhyyh yyq, hiyy, hy qqqq ..)


