


The  Interval:


Interval  s2 interval.dialup.a Tue05PM  5:20
Sector    s3 sector.libnet.com Mon04PM  5:29 -tcsh
Aguirra   s4 localhost.panix. Tue02PM 10:08 ssh -R 54543:209.209.9.12:8888
local
Ju7lu% cd /interval
ksh: cd: /interval - No such place
Ju8lu% b
@oita.com.jp THIS CAME THROUGH:

sthffad hp tha chnt, pbscana spaach dpna by man tp wpman, $ll pn pna pr
$npthar slda pf tha Intarv$l - thls ls whara I gat pff,:i can't talk here.
no one can here with the vowel changes. what would be worse than this, the
tongue gutted from the mouth, :thlrstlng tp la$va tha sactpr:cock:cunt

Come with me, sthffad hp tha chnt, pbscana spaach dpna by man tp wpman,
$ll pn pna pr $npthar slda pf tha Intarv$l - thls ls whara I gat pff,,
violence of all people what would violence against you.

across the Sector on the other side of the Interval. I I I 

Ju9lu% echo "int"

what would violence against you. this has been the case. no one is immune.
you can be attacked in your own home. you can be walking home and there is
the violence of all people against you. you can have your tongue gutted
out and you still can scream. you can be coming back from the store.

you can't be coming back from the Interval. no one is immune across the
Sector. this Sector is under the control of the Americans. Come with me
sthffad hp tha chnt, pbscana spaach dpna by man tp wpman, you may be
returning from work. you can lose your eyes at any moment. at any moment
there may be lightning and thunder, at any moment there may be an earth-
quake. at any moment, you can be run over and hideously disfigured. you
may lose your children on the way home from school. you may lose your
parents when your guard is down, when you are returning from a happy
party. you may be returning from a sports game where your team has won,
and you return home and find your home burning and everyone has perished
in the fire. you may be returning from your friends, and your friends may
have set the fire. you may be the fire. you can be coming back from the
store.


