


The Pleasure of the Novel


lies in its ability to digest, foreclose, upon the figure of the stranger,
who otherwise occupies our thought, strengthens our fear, weakens our re-
solve. Within the novel, the stranger comes and goes; we are introduced to
him or her; we may or may not engage him in conversation, or follow her
life for page after page. Never forget that classic novels, those defining
the genre, arose in topographies of limited population, sparsely-settled
countrysides, intermittent communication, weeks at sea. At most, novels
have a few dozen characters (Genji, a notable exception with 450); we im-
agine them, in their own fictitious lives, encountering several dozens
more, and so on. But these encounters are themselves delimited; the circle
of acquaintances remains small, and strangers are often identified by
class or speech or color or other signifiers of foreignness (that are
readily understood by a consensual reading audience). In contemporary
society, such signifiers mean nothing; signs are broken; we are all, as
Kristeva might have it, extra-terrestrials, strangers to ourselves. The
novel increasingly becomes an escape from chaos and noise, no matter how
noisy and chaotic it appears. Limited by covers, spine, and pages, it is
both portmanteau and portmanteau-word, at the beck and call of the reader.

And what of familiarity? Every character in a novel is equally familiar -
every character is constituted by the same alphabetics, the same language,
at times even the same tone. Characters occupy traces; they're interwoven
throughout, announced before their presence, held captive until the very
end. There is something of the forestalling of death here, and death forms
that other horizon - neither noise nor chaos, but an intense purity appar-
ent when the book is closed, a residue of its opening.

u31lu% b You have no new mail. Ju32lu% ls Mail lisp tf volt.irc News lynx_
bookmarks.html tf-lib ww a mail thing zz calendar phoenix.hlp tiny.world
jobs phoenix.irc trace lh pro venom.irc Ju33lu% ^G Get Help ^O WriteOut ^R
Read File ^Y Prev Pg ^K Cut Text ^C Cur Pos ^X Exit ^J Justify ^W Where is
^V Next Pg ^U UnJustify ^T To Spell


http error 400

you may look towards me with yearning, you may enter me, you may enter, oh
living with yellows and blues! http error 400:http error 400 transforms
your 400 b$d raqhast on burning creek...:400 b$d raqhast::http error 400::
400 bad request:server. the client should not repeat the request without
modifications.:server. the client should not repeat the request without
modifications.

through my tunnels. you may enter into me, you may swallow me. you may, oh
your needle due to malformed syntax, the request could not be understood
by the in-me coursing through my veins

you may find yourself thrust into my heart, you, oh due to malformed
syntax, the request could not be understood, you may find yourself caught
in my valves, you may find your throat suffocate, your impossible
connections due to malformed syntax, the request could not be understood
with your needle and you may find me, suffocate my brain. you may talk
with syntax, serving me as well.

you may find yourself swallowing my drugs, you may find yourself going
malformed, you may be served, serving me as well.


