


Kebara


In 1962 I went to Israel and studied Hebrew at an ulpan; near the end of
the session, I contracted jaundice and possibly other illnesses as well,
and ended up in the hospital. So I was somewhat unprepared for M. Steke-
lis' course in 'clai tsur,' flint tools from the lower to upper paleolith-
ic, at Hebrew University. I persevered, and in 1963 we went on a field
trip to northern Israel. It was there I held raw Olduvai tools in my hand
for the first time, but this is not about the Olduvai. It is about the
cave we visited, whose name I did not know at the time, a cave filled with
guano and partially excavated. Stekelis spoke of the Levalloisian and
Mousterian, and while he talked and I attempted to follow his accented
Hebrew, I walked near the perimeter, reached down into the earth, and
watched my hand return with a group of stones, almost invisible in the 
dim light. Later, to be sure, there was Levalloisian and Mousterian among
them; I surreptitiously took them with me, and they are now distributed
back into the earth of Pennsylvania, lost among flood debris and mementos
passed on, meaningless to those who received them. To me, these tools were
my own lifeblood, however, and since then I have had second sight, seeing
what Sumerians and Hittites, Akkadians and Mitanni, saw, and traveling
earlier, through thousands of generations of humanity and almost-humanity,
without writing, with signs and symbols, however, with the writing of
culture upon them.

Today in a second-hand shop I stumbled upon the December, 1992, issue of
Current Anthropology, in which there is an article, The Excavations in
Kebara Cave, Mt. Carmel, by Bar-Yosef, Vandermeersch, Arensburg, Helfer-
Cohen, Goldberg, Laville, Meignen, Rak, Speth, Tchernov, Tillier, and
Weiner; it is 55 pages long, with an exemplary detailed analysis. And I
recognize the cave; it is this cave, in fact, that we visited with Steke-
lis; he was responsible for excavations during the time I had been in
Israel.

So I learned the name, Kebara. And sure enough, there are drawings of
implements from the Levalloisian and Mousterian (the former derided as
relatively wasteful of resources, in a section of specialists' comments),
implements that may well have come to me in dreams during the past thirty-
seven years. Here, now, there are photographs of a laboratory set up with-
in the southern section of the cave; there are enough lights to illuminate
the interior for the camera. There, then, there was darkness, and the
semblance of warmth as I removed the tools from their matrix, still sharp
from the hunt and the preparation of ancient flesh.

It was Kebara which gave me second-sight, and here in New York, I have a
small shrine with stone and mirror - and stromatolite fossil, three and a
half billion years old. I find my own life one of submergence, emergence,
almost as if there were no difference, almost an indifference. It is the
edge of indifference which procures my own writing for me; it is my sight
which gives me pause. The Web surely has always existed; those stones have
traveled. Whatever held them before me is part of my meat, just as my
other self, Nikuko, 'meat girl,' is half living tissue, wracked ribs and
muscle, and half demiurge, garnering time, striding the universe of wheel-
ing worlds. We were together at Kebara that day, and perhaps earlier, and
perhaps in millennia to come - and together, we have already witnessed the
shutting-down of the universe, stars and space gone cold, none of this in
speech or book or memory, no inscription, not even in the life of stone.


