


SO NO


MY TEXTS are populated with things and emptiness, with flux and processes,
with things trying to be things, and entities trying to be entities. My
texts burst with ontology; their shattering is the shattering of worlds.
Here are some or none of them:

SOMETHING is residue, stains. You send something back and for me, it's the
same patterns on the wall. But there was something else in the wind and
the snow, something not quite right with the night. Something was slowly
shuffling, did I just say something, said Nikuko. She thought, now I can
say all the moon illuminated the landscape. Look, said Izanagi, something
is something rolling, roiling about the work, intense movement. sometimes
I dream something of the nature of the dream, what begins to dissolve the
real, a huddling in the matrix, something about origins in them. as in the
para-site, remember; it hurts so, to have something so close, yet out of
touch forever; get us to do something for him, in order that the hall
remain intact.

NOTHING more to say, nothing. Her skirt kept flying up, and there was
nothing there. An avatar, or woman of births and rebirths; they signify
nothing but each other, the eternal - there is nothing to be done here.
With that, she created drowning for years. Perhaps there's nothing to look
at, replied Nikuko. nothing but fluids; we could have two elements and a
whole lot of information of the sign. Nikuko laughed and said nothing. And
women, Izanagi replied, They're remembering nothing; something is missing,
either I am the east or nothing is the east, either I am the south or
nothing is the south. Izanagi said, Nikuko, you'd better stop - water is
nothing at all, taking the shape of the land. He added, The bird! There's
an Interval; beyond the Interval, nothing, Nikuko. Broadham's Jennifer
picked up poem's book, incandescent in nothing. She said, ghost's nothing.
nothing coming forth, nothing returning, nothing entering, nothing leav-
ing. Nothing of a jar or fire without smoke, nothing of a cow or a white
horse, nothing of horses or no-jar, no-fire, nothing of white, nothing of
no-cows. Nothing can be turned to good effect, to turn nothing is to do
nothing. To lose oneself is to gain nothing to gain oneself is to lose
nothing.


____________



for clark coolidge


nothing whichjar whichre whichut which,
nothing whichcow whichwhite which,
nothing whichrses which-jar, whichre,
nothing whichite, whichng which-cows.
coming whichoing, which whichhe which
you whiche which whichave whichs which
reconcile whichelf whichall whichures,
lie whichwith which whichs which
drain whichelf whichl whiche,
produce whichwithin you.
there which whichthat whichoundless,
fear which whichathway, whichng
just which whichighest which,
beneath whichcean whichms.
it whichfaster whichthe which,
higher whichany whichning,
louder whichany whicher,
it which whichgh which which which
burns whichgh which, which which
nothing whiche whichd whichod whicht,
to whichnothing which whichthing.
to whichoneself which whichnothing
to whichoneself which whichnothing.


