


"The Monolog"


Why can't I sleep? I walk around exhausted every day. I'm like a zombie; 
I have no will of my own. I can't function. At night there's nothing but
nightmares. Sleep makes me afraid - night after night, internal violence.
Isn't that clear? When I sleep, everything goes wrong. I come to you to
find a cure for sleep, a way to sleep peacefully. Why else would I have
come? I'm losing track of this conversation, doctor. No, I didn't. I was
saying I couldn't sleep. What plans? My plan is to sleep - and I can't do
this. I have violent insomnia; that's not hard to understand. Everything
goes wrong to the extent that I have insomnia, nightmares, bad dreams,
sweats, tossings and turnings, sudden awakenings, my mind won't leave me
alone. It's just getting worse over the past few months. I don't know.
Yes. Yes.

I'm nervous all the time. I pick my lips, shake. Sometimes I'll lie in
Azure's lap; that's the only time I'm at peace. Most of the time I'm wor-
ried. The horizon always seems black. I don't seem to be able to focus,
and then I focus all too well. Because I need to find some sort of peace.
If I could find peace I could do anything. I'd love to be rested. As it
is, I feel misshapen; Azure says I'm self-effacing, self-loathing. Every-
one can see it in me; I'm blind in this regard. I came to you because I
need peace, because I have to stop pulling at my lips, because I have to
be able to calm down and focus. I need help, doctor; there are times I'm
afraid for my life, everything I've tried to do in this world, everyone I
love! I have no doubt about this; it's not where the problem lies. I said
something like that - I'm not sure what you mean. I have no plans, or I
have too many plans - plans come and go. Plans are like a deluge; I plan
one thing and do another; I plan a third to take care of the first two,
and forget about all of them. Plans are like a storm for me - never end-
ing. I don't want this deluge; I want calmness. I want to see the flowers,
be a productive member of society! I love many things. My relationship
with the world is as intimate and foreboding as for others, I think. I
doubt I'm very much different in that regard. There are things I hold
dear. My life is in shambles; I can't see straight; there are things in
every direction, plans, and too many words! I hang around with very few
people. I don't understand. I'm not in school. I don't have one. I'm not
studying or teaching. No. No. No...

I'm aroused all the time. I want to be effaced. I can't help myself! Azure
has to put up with it! I have these desires! I'm losing myself! I'm always
fantasizing; I need help! I need to calm down! Help me calm down, doctor!
I don't want to be aroused all the time! Always thinking about sex! I
can't help it! I'm not afraid of anything! I just need space, time. Azure
needs space and time too! Nothing, nothing! I'm not frightened about
anything, doctor. I told you that! This isn't fear, it's exhilaration!
Help me! Nothing, no terror, nothing! I have no plans! There's never any
time! We're always fucking, doing other things! I can't stop myself!
There's no history to tell. It's normal like anyone else's. There may or
may not have been incidents, I don't know. It's not much different! What
life? What am I going through? All I do is fantasize! All I want is to
fuck, get tied up, pissed on, slapped around! What's going on? Not often,
I'm just living in my dreams! I dream all the time, even when I'm awake!
When I'm awake? I'm always awake! I think of Azure doing impossible things
to me, inconceivable, obscene things! I think of doing the same to her! I
never get to sleep, never! I don't understand. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. I'm
not afraid ...


