

Consideration of the trAce Projects


The trAce online writing community, directed by Sue Thomas, originates
from Nottingham Trent University, England; the URL is
http://trace.ntu.ac.uk . I was the second virtual writer-in-residence at
trAce (following Christy Sanford Sheffield); I used the six months to
write a diary; work on my own texts; participate heavily in the Webboard
(BBS) discussion (this also included initiating a number of conferences);
and developing four projects, all of which are concerned with writing,
semantics, organization, and deconstruction. Three of these projects -
LoveandWar, The Yours, and The Traceroute (or trAceroute) Project - are at
http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/writers/sondheim/index.htm; the Lost Project is at
http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/lost/index.htm . The following is a brief descrip-
tion of the individual projects, and some of the issues involved in them.

a. LoveandWar: Five pages or backbones - anyone can add text to any of
these. The content/direction was a "novel" based on several characters I
have used in my own work, including Jennifer, Julu, and Nikuko. Parti-
cipants added other characters (Cybele for example) and texts, which may
or may not have contributed to the narrative. Threads tended to wind
around each other, disappearing from one backbone, only to appear on an-
other. As with The Yours, below, each backbone developed its own char-
acteristics, its own mood. During the course of the project (about two
months), one or another backbone would be busy - at most, two at a time.
The second and last were popular, but all of them eventually became fairly
lengthy. The total project time was based on a felt optimum - after a
while, the pages seemed to have peaked - and it was announced (on the
Webboard and elsewhere) that the project would soon shut down. This gave
participants a chance to add final sections. There was also an accompany-
ing Webboard conference; this was eventually closed and archived as well.

b. Out of LoveandWar came The Yours, which contained four pages or back-
bones; this time, there was no overall direction indicated. The project
quickly self-organized around various themes, which flowed in and out of
each other. It was fascinating to see this in operation. In particular,
narratives appeared, only to disappear - the same was true of poetic or
prose forms. One could consider the project a form of linear seeding.
Both this and LoveandWar can be read "anywhere," but there is more of a
sense of overt structure or articulation in the latter; The Yours almost
seems to spread out forwards and backwards in time.

c. The Traceroute or trAceroute Project centered around the Y2k problem
and the 1999-2000 New Year's celebration. In this case, there was only one
page; I asked participants to use the traceroute or tracert application in
Unix/Linux or Win95/98 to trace Internet connectivity at that time; some
Webpages with traceroute applications built-in were also employed. The
result is a record of the (very healthy) state of the Internet - connec-
tions were faster than usual. In addition, participants were asked to
comment on local Y2k problems, other items of interest. I didn't want any
sort of graphic interface - they're all too common on the Net, and many
aren't that useful - but wanted instead a narrative of the world-membrane,
during the period of supposedly peak computer difficulties (which didn't
materialize). The final result is a textual mapping of the telecom world
around the millennial moment. Participants, by the way, not only were able
to enter traceroutes from their local nodes, but, through the Webpages,
were also able to connect various sites with each other - for example,
Moscow with Perth. The resulting topology was more of an overall skein
than a multiple-star topology.

d. The Lost Project: One page or backbone; users are asked to give name,
email address, and description of lost object or person. The three entries
are presented in three different files; the project page itself is created
(by Simon Mills and myself) as broken html and linking. The form on the
page shakes; the background image peels off around it. But the html isn't
broken, and the error message (after submitting the information, an Error
400 appears) is false; clicking on it leads to the entries so far. In this
project, the lost object is disassociated with the name and email address
- to date, many of these are falsified or playful in any case. Things tend
to disappear into one or another file, just as nodes, objects, people,
languages, protocols, and media disappear in the real world; I have 8"
floppies, for example, that are now completely unusable, the information
lost forever. The Lost Project is also a Project that is Lost - that has
disappeared, to the extent it appears submerged in error, removed from
perhaps a previously pristine or pure existence, when everything existed
in the world, and everything worked.

1 Inscription-machines

The Yours, LoveandWar, and Lost projects are inscription-machines: spaces
for writing/inscribing within a specific form (name/email address/text)
based in a specific server, organized through particular protocols. The
operation is the same for everyone; the content is configured/articulated
within a space regulated by invisible background programming. In the Lost
Project, the regulation itself is suspect; the background is foregrounded
to the extent that it is a false background, unworkable, unworking - which
is not the case at all.
 
2 Linearities

All four projects have the potential for links placed by participants, but
their structure is linear or comb-spaced. LoveandWar has five tines or
backbones; The Yours has four; the other two (Traceroute and Lost) have
one each. At times, I would place cross-referencing links within the first
two (i.e. one backbone connecting to another), but the overall tenor of
the pieces are linear. There is, in other words, a tension between collab-
orations/texts which extend and differentiate, and linearity, which tends
to unify, concatenate.

(However, the linearity of Lost is slightly broken, since there are three
sheets - the name, email address, and lost object sheets - which are only
roughly correlated. These may be considered three tines, added to simul-
taneously, to the extent that name, email address, and object text are
entered at all.)

3 Peripheral Phenomenologies - what shows up at the margins (grey page,
white page, flash page, image page - on Yours - start page, end page,
intermediary pages - on LoveandWar - traceroute residue page on the
Traceroute Project - triple pages (two as residue) on the Lost Project -

The four projects organized their inscriptive spaces (tines or singular
writing-page) variously. LoveandWar is based on a narrative involving
Jennifer and other characters/avatars I have written through; two of the
tines are based on opening and closing strategies, and three others em-
phasize narrative moments. These bases are, at best, initiations into the
tines, which quickly organized into other characters, narratives, break-
downs, and flows. 

The Yours has four bases, one for each backbone. The first is an three-
dimensional "organic" image I produced in Blender; the second, a flashwork
by Miekal And; the third, a light grey background; and the fourth, a white
background. There was nothing else provided; texts self-organized within a
much more open space than LoveandWar.

Traceroute, based on tracing interconnectivity during the 12/31/99-1/1/00
turnover, had a basic purpose which more or less controlled the content -
a monitoring first of Internet routes, and second of local (i.e. the
user's) environments. And Lost, whose purpose is the recording of lost
belongings, or a longing for be-longing, has to date produced more noise
than anything - as if the broken portal were a catalyst for broken or
hacked purpose.

It's odd that, besides this, the projects have remained almost entirely
free from spam, and there has been only one case in which a writer asked
to have her contributions removed after the fact (which took some doing on
the part of the administrators).

4 Bottom-up governance - scratch sheets, "level playing field," anyone
participating

Within the projects, each participant was equal; anyone could bend the
text or imagery in any direction within the overall configuration. To this
extent, the projects were scratch sheets. One constraint, however, was
that the latest text would be entered only at the bottom - i.e., unlike a
webboard, there was no way to place comments or material interstitially.

Of course, and we take this for granted - the pages were open for writing
and reading twenty-four hours a day; they were vulnerable, unguarded
spaces, without monitoring. Only the Lost Project has minimal monitoring -
email sent to sondheim@panix.com whenever an entry is made. 

5 Literatures plural, "modalities" of writing

The modes of writing included flash, html and dhtml pages linked to the
backbones, inserted images, texts in various fonts, sizes, colors, and
effects, etc. The styles are also extremely varied, ranging from tradi-
tional forms to animations to graffiti.

There is not one literature, but literatures; there is not one writing,
but writings. The projects are multivalent, heterological, contradictory;
they also possess "aura" to the extent that there are additional elements
- not only the programming itself, but also back-channel, back-project
private email correspondence; talk about them on the Webboard; advertising
for them across the Internet (on various email lists and Webpages); dis-
cussion in chat on trAce and elsewhere; lectures and seminars describing
them at universities, real-life conferences, etc.; and so forth.

6 Writing and "wryting"

In some of my theoretical work, I've made distinctions between "writing"
and "wryting" - the latter referencing an almost hysteric embodiment, in
which writing becomes symptomatic of physical absence - as if it were a
residue or skin itself. It's the extreme positioning of text to re-present
the body online. The image of the "tine" or "backbone" is an image of a
body inserted online, a body of text and textual body. I see these pro-
jects as inhabited, inhabiting, online spaces, as if avatars and avatar
ghosts were present. The writing styles often reflect this, pushing the
language to the limit of re-presentation. The projects are simply in terms
of design, animation, and programming content; they're rough, open to the
semantics of reading, linking, seeing, hearing. Whatever is "clever" about
them is invisible.

7 Non-dhtml/web aesthetic orientation

The Internet has changed radically in the past few years; the two major
changes have been (following the abandonment of the NSF backbone, etc.)
the emerging of a dominant corporate Net culture, and the development of
the World Wide Web as all-encompassing. Accompanying both of these has
been a slew of proprietary protocols as companies vie for online dollars
and demographics. Almost all Net art is Web-oriented, animated, etc. I
wanted to have an anti-aesthetic - pages that would be readable in a text-
based environment, such as a linux shell account. I also wanted the empha-
sis to be on written content - almost as if the pages or backbones were
spoken, instead of written - almost as if there were a body embedded with-
in them. And I wanted a sense of poverty, of bleakness, as if these pages
were the last place or inhabitation of writing, as if these were all there
was. I wanted them to load with minimal bandwidth, as if there were an
ideal universal accessibility, as if the rest of the world could see them,
without or without modems or Internet. And I wanted a certain hunger to
prevail...

8 Writing and rewriting on the Webboard - other URLs, openings

Beyond these projects, I wanted to contribute as much as possible to the
Webboard, which tends to archive everything. There is a tension because of
this - on one hand, an informal dialog framework, and on the other, larger
and larger files, and increasing difficulty of navigation. It's as if the
past creates its own articulation, formalization - interesting from a
philosophical-epistemological point of view. I have been surprised that
there are not more rewritings, reshapings - which owners of posts can do -
and which would create detours, ruptures, in a flow already broken by
multiple responses. I used the Webboard as a home-space, opening it, at
least for myself, by posting numerous other URLs that represented the kind
of work that most interested me.

I did find the board increasingly conservative as time went on, and I have
spent more of my own energy in the 7-11, nettime, webartery, and other
lists, which are valuable resources for anyone interested in experimental
work or the deconstruction, so to speak, of the desktop and its protocols
and interconnectivities. The board operates somewhat as a teaching envi-
ronment, somewhat as chat, somewhat as resource center; it is also an on-
going body of work or working body - I tend to think of an inscribed body,
not sexualized or psychoanalytical, but on the order of a limited tele-
phone exchange, flooded with messages. The board is everyone's and no
one's project, and that has been part of the fascination - while, at least
for me, there has always been an overall tenor to it, the tenor changes
constantly.

Finally, there has also been the diary for me - which breaks down into
diary.txt, diary2.txt, and diary3.txt, also at the projects URL. I have
written about the function of the diary elsewhere; it is the first time
I've kept one, and, like the backbone pages themselves, it has tended to
extend linearly. At first an exercise, it became more and more a public
portrait from my viewpoint - something anyone would look at, in order at
least to begin to understand me and my work. It was also an occasion for
venting and thinking about depression, obsession, exhilaration, despair,
poverty, intensity. It rapidly developed into a work itself.

9 Rupture, hacking, spam

There has been very little rupture, hacking, or spam across the projects
or board, and that continues to interest me. There have been very few
pieces that have worked "across" the webboard, for example, breaking de-
liberately through the conference categories (one of them was an early
version of the Lost Project, in which I went looking in various confer-
ences for the missing). I'm surprised at this acceptance of boundary - it
would have been easy for someone, for example, to link The Yours to
LoveandWar and confuse texts. There was a form placed in one of the
backbones that imitated the entry form at the portal - but this was an
isolated instance.

10 Conclusion of Writing

The object of the Lost Project, the unattainable object, part-object, flow
or flood, objet petit a, masquerade, lure, seduction, transitional object,
memory, drive, instinct - always a hunger or teleology, always a tendency-
towards - this drives the epistemology of the projects, which portend new
ontologies as the millennium progresses. Philosophically, the results and
the processes are fascinating, fetishizations of language and space, the
leaving of feathered traces across an infinitesimal corner of the Net. 

And all of these spaces or projects are ergodic texts, in the sense of
Aarseth; they are also therapeutics, requiring different modalities of
writing and reading. They foreground writing in a space of infinite
choice, a literally chaotic space; and as such, they also foreground the
reception of a writing which tenaciously holds its own.

Alan Sondheim - http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt          2//00


