


at trAce, goal


it was a conceptual goal of mine to post as much as the next nine highest
posters combined and now, on the early morning of the last day of my resi-
dency, i was able to catch up, with 2545 posts. this is a massive amount
of writing, but to what end? what is the point of this goal, which can
only be an embarrassment in the long run, quantity replacing quality, just
as the internet text itself is swollen out of all comprehension? i do try
and reply to everyone on the board, encourage everyone, but there is some-
thing else, a goal to write and write continuously, to keep the nightmares
and demons at bay, to intensity my existence, to struggle with the letter,
struggle with the word, struggle with the phrase, until the whole becomes
a stream of language, a natural speaking, an encouragement, an argument,
an emotion, a subterfuge, a compensation, a recuperation. it is also an
index of labor, the labor of writing/typing in this space, in the space of
the trAce webboard, http://trace.ntu.ac.uk, where all 2500+ posts are
still online, in the midst of the writings of others, catalyzed by others,
and at times, a catalyst. as long as i speak and write, i am still alive;
as long as i think, i haven't stopped growing, my memory remains good, as
long as i can dance, i can dance with you, as long as i can live, i can
write myself into existence.

think of it as an obsession which on occasion gets the better of me, and
can be trying for azure as well - not so much a constancy in relation to
being on line, but one always turned towards writing, practicing music,
producing at least something every day - to the extent that my life gets
neglected, the insomnia rages, and i become difficult to live with, both
for her and for myself. there are times i need the crutch of community;
otherwise, there is nothing but this extended streaming. and is the meas-
urement masculine or size queen or aggressive - does it harbor violence at
the core, as well as cultivation? i honestly feel as if, during my entire
life, i have been accompanied by death, that every text will be my last,
that the last moment is the one that will color the rest, that there's no
time to lose. i exist on my own periphery, needing constant stimulation,
reminders, information, input - and output as well, scribbling my signa-
ture everywhere in the world, including the conferences at the trAce web-
site, as if art did somehow lie in quantity, as if repetition created and
extended an aesthetics, and as if that aesthetics were sufficient. 

nudging or jostling, to be sure i am still alive.

'it was karl kraus who said in the beginning there was no plagiarism but i
prefer in the beginning (i.e. already in the beginning) there was plag-
iarism... i may however have this backwards, attributing to kraus what i
myself have written, and to myself, karl's original, from which i've
plagiarised, unless i'm mistaken.'

perhaps it's another obsession, form of reaffirmation, duplicating 'the
fragility of all good things' (on the cusp of catastrophic errors in the
sense of catastrophe theory), creating redundancy, insisting on presence
and re-presentation. i think of the 'at trAce, goal' as signature or in-
scription, the self-overcoming of the inertia of the world, oddly a form
of nichirin buddhism without the nationalism, staving off the fleet of
sure-fire death - a hurricane of letters and words, typhoon of phrases,
texts.

there's something to be said for that, but very little, perhaps a form of
withdrawal.


