

Snoxfly

was the name of one of the creatures in stories my father used to tell us,
another was the Up-and-Down Spider, and how many years have they lived
inside of me, and what are your mythological creatures?

Just as the fever ends, the fever begins. Thinking of my father's stories,
what miracles we were at so young an age. I never grew out from them.

We'd fight with notched sticks, caught on each other's jagged; I remember
the back-door screen; when I'm older, everything will flood back in, fill
the remnants of my mind.

It had wings, dragon body, and would sail through the air and lovingly
bounce along the ground. There were many adventures in a never-never land.

We would take long walks in the woods, I'd trail along. The sound of the
leaves in my father's footsteps. Granite boulders, ledges, frozen creeks,
the last time several years ago, slowly walking on nearly level ground,
always looking back, there was a bridge to cross, millions of tiny toads,
almost an explosion.

The stories would be around the dinner table. My sister and I remember
them; I'm not sure if Mark, my brother, does.

During all that period I lived in a world of fantasy. I dreamed I would
help all the poor people in the world, and we would live in Nevada. I
dreamed I could fly to foreign planets and help people. I dreamed I would
save Platt Townend, or Margaret Hall - I had crushes on them both - from
imaginary evil. I dreamed I was famous. I dreamed I was a famous scien-
tist.

There were monsters under the bed that would kill me; I had to keep my
hands up. I had pictures of Milton Eisenhower, Anne Frank, and the hydro-
gen bomb Bikini explosion on my bed table. I also had some money from
other countries. I had a coin collection and 700 fossils I found and
labeled. My father caught me reading at night with a flashlight in bed. It
was a book about a dog and he yelled.

He would tell these stories and now I don't know what the last one was. I
think of the last things I will see before I die, the last glance around
whatever room or street; will I even know. The world is filled, even now,
desolate and ruined, with far too much wonder. The Snoxfly sleeps in
peace.


---


   Post | Reply | Reply/Quote | Email Reply | Delete | Edit
   Previous | Next | Previous Topic | Next Topic

   Topic:
   iwillbeyou=?I3FQ=3FRE:=5FHomme?
   Read 0 times
   Conf: You
   From: Alan Sondheim (sondheim@panix.com)
   Date: 28 February 2000 03:30 AM

   here will i enter text
   there will i attach file
   today they watched us from across the street
   we were on the couch doing things
   i said to them silently in my mind
   i will be you


     