==

comfort

it's here within the comfort zone that speech floats freely in the air!
you might not believe this - it sounds almost too good to be true; I mean
- if you're following me - it's as if I'm exaggerating or making things
up. but speech really is quite like music here, you can hear it every-
where, and people smile at one another and smiles are genuine, well, at
least I think they are - I have had no reason to believe otherwise. no one
is lonely in the comfort zone; it's a place of kindness and safety.
clothing shimmers in the sunlight and clouds, and there are beautiful fogs
and mists to contemplate as well. I'm honestly not exaggerating when I
tell you this; it's the truth, and a total sense of wonder for all of us.
our wants are all in the open, you know - just like the ferns and trees
everywhere. I suppose you are waiting for some gap in the world, something
that would indicate it's all a dream or make-believe, or just another
fantasy, but none of that is true. the smiles, the musical speech, they're
all for real. we love ourselves here as well, because, by beginning with
self-love, our love is capable of flowing outwards, embracing the whole
world of beautiful people. and self-love is not a myth; it is as close to
perfection as one can get, because to love is to seek what is the finest
within ourselves. now I am reclining on the slope of a lovely hill; there
are elk in the distance and magisterial mountains. a glacial tongue
descends to a far-off valley, and tall trees surround lovely groves. there
are wolves and deer as well, and in the distance I hear musical speech and
singing. it has always been thus; self-love and loving and speaking and
speech floating in the air is nothing that ever has been different. it is
as real as a stone or a tree or a hut in the distant mountains, and just
as true, too. I love my life here.

  2:02pm  up 33 min,  1 user,  load average: 0.01, 0.02, 0.09
USER     TTY      FROM              LOGIN@   IDLE   JCPU   PCPU  WHAT
root     tty1     -                 1:30pm  0.00s  1.55s  0.02s  w


