

working on edlin, \mac address\; 111.9C01.005C on this antique laptop,
configuration unknown or a textual body held in abeyance on VT100 against
the video screen in which Nikuko dances: this is the past. there is
suitable murmuring in this machine, orange-red plasma screen warm to the
glow, and without difficulty I will continue through the pirouettes which,
among them, absolute or having a sense of the absolute, those pirouettes -

closer to the state of absolute nakedness, with no moment to lose, none of
loss, none of those things which render the present always already hyster-
ic: for is not the present and its concept a symptom or syndrome, this
thrusting a form of illness or discomfort? whether to continue or thrust
elsewhere...

among present/elsewhere/nakedness/something of the past - a confluence of
symptoms, did I already speak so longingly?


__
 
 
 without label
 
 
 Volume in drive C has no label Directory of C:\DOS
 
 .  ..  ANSI SYS CLOCK SYS COMMAND COM COUNTRY SYS DISKCOPY COM DISKINIT
 EXE DISPLAY SYS DRIVER SYS ENHDISK SYS FASTOPEN EXE FDISK COM FORMAT COM
 KEYB COM KEYBOARD SYS MODE COM PRINTER SYS SYS COM VDISK SYS CONFIG SYS
 AUTOEXEC BAT APPEND EXE ASSIGN COM ATTRIB EXE BACKUP COM BASIC COM
 BASICA COM BASICA EXE CHKDSK COM COMP COM DEBUG COM DISKCOMP COM EDLIN
 COM EXE2BIN EXE FIND EXE GRAFTABL COM GRAPHICS COM JOIN EXE LABEL COM
 LINK EXE MORE COM NLSFUNC EXE PRINT COM RECOVER COM REPLACE EXE RESTORE
 COM SELECT COM SETCLOCK COM SHARE EXE SORT EXE SUBST EXE TREE COM 4201
 CPI 5202 CPI EGA CPI INTEREST BAS WORDS 60 File(s) 17924096 bytes free,
 yes, and then some, to be sure, unlabeled, unknown, already to be sure,
 we cannot see here, we talk everywhere, piss everywhere, it is thick
 darkness and dust here, we shit, it is foul with it, we fuck everywhere,
 our mouths are full, yes, and to be sure, we look towards the northwest,
 we crawl towards the northwest, and then some, and our hair is covered
 with it, we cannot tell up from down, we are murmuring loud, we are
 crying and wailing, we are gummed up with it, we taste sour, we crawl
 towards the southwest and are repelled, we crawl down into the slime of
 everything, our anuses are filled with it, our wombs are stuffed with
 it, we choke on it, there is mud and manure, there are roots and bones,
 there are stones and sticks, stinging insects there are, our noses are
 stuffed with it, we are crawling here, we crawl up, our feet stick out,
 our feet our muddy, our holes pour out on it, we crawl out through it,
 COMMAND COM PCPLUS  BASIC DOS  PHASER MARK AUTOEXEC BAT CONFIG SYS ZZ 9
 File(s) 17924096 bytes free, we do crawl out through it, we do move out,
 we push our hands into us, we pull it out of us, we do crawl from it, we
 do cry and wail, we do stop crying, we do look around, it does look good
 around here, we do see around here, we do look
 
 
 ___
I am the psychotherapist.  Please, describe your problems.  Each time
you are finished talking, type RET twice.

we are together in this place
i want to scratch and claw my face
i want to tear this skin from bone
i want to travel kill and roam
to want is fury and to take
to kill the want so peace to make
if peace is made my hands are clean
in this dead world men are obscene
health doctor is for you not me
my life won't end so peacefully
i want to scratch those violent eyes
that tend to catch me by surprise
i take my nails against my face
my eyes shall never have a place
there are no plans no homes no love
my eyes are gouged and blind above
love can't been seen so that my eyes
have seen the last of human skies
i cannot tell and cannot speak
i am the purest of the meek
i am the purest of the mind
i've left my sight and love behind
behind this world and any other
behind all humans and their bothers
i want to tear away the clothes and mask
that covers us, no easy task
i wanted to almost from birth
when i could see the filthy earth
i stormed myself and everyone
at first with rocks and then with guns
my life is gone, there's nothing left
of all my senses, sight's bereft
my friends were taken by surprise
i took my love, gave them my eyes
so many weapons, doctor, here,
i'm stopping here, be of no fear


___



key capture


cd mark# cd mark dir copy zz C:\pcplus del b zz del pcpluzz cdz \pcplus di
dir p pcplus shell sondheim # dddqb ls tail li rz zz pico zz new zz rm zz
y b m ff Please answer if you can - love, alan b m #] il pqqdpdqb ls cp li
zz; pico zz new zz; rm zz y m #p dir b bagkeys.dat dir here we are atth-
that was the first error - then this is the second error - then time to
return to online exit b m y qy qm dctbyfield I don't know what's going on
but rn thanks for this, of course I agree with you - it's been an odd and
shaky night as you might imagine and there was just a gigantic firebacll
all across the sky - here! in NY! - about the size of the MOONmoon moving
at enor exit b ls m qmv ga mv bagkeys.fix zz ls wc zz wc kye wc keys rm
keys y ls b b bagkeys.doc del b bagkeys.fix del bagkeys.fix date time w
exit b ls x y yy ally depressing. I wouldn#'tt mind a drag queen at all -
this is of another order for me. I realize I'm too sensitive - but I'm
also too sensitive to my own actions here - since I was doing something,
finally, about it, instead of just lietting it sit and eat at me - Alan m
rn I'd agree if it weren't for the coffee! Whatever I saw, it was abso and
these are, are they not, this evening's strokes, each key moment moved
into position, some additions, some deletions, out of my control, the
movement among cities and places - movement among traces - on this anti-
quated machine, 286 plasma screen - some sort of shimmering beauty - and
there was this unbelievable fireball just a little while ago - I'd never
seen anything like it - streaking towards the southern sky - about the
size of the streetlight on the other side of the street - blue-white -
brilliant and so very fast - I'm held breathless - even now - streaking -
keystrokes and streaking -

nothing interrupting is the order of the world

___



body, feeling itse way across the world, i watched and to the sill, cd
mark dir sort < help > del[p sort < help > delp dir b delp del delp color
dir o understanding. beauty of this world, keystrokes captured, dothis
moment am breathless over a phenomenon i have no way of out of everything
held to account, except the results - exit b ls wc zz b ls tail it was a
stroke of mime, moving silently; what came through or shoving, the li b
strokes b readme b read.me exit b x y yy qyb m dq dir looking at pressure.
when i begnan, this rhym wasme wasn't seen on screen, but not before its
white-hot strokes sent me that night to present, strokes of understanding,
strokes of lightning love, keystrokes captured, the brilliant.


___


Keystroke Program


Diary note: "I also have written again with the old Compaq machine, using
the program that registers keystrokes - it's fascinating watching a
literal recording of actions, not corrected content (something like the
interior of a ytalk conversation)."

But it's more than that, it's a recording of muscle, of entries, not of
results - it's the movement of the fingers on the keys, and that is all -
it is the dance of phonemics, not the play of syntax or semantic flow. 
Literally, in other words, the body. So there is a double expression -
that of the movement of language, and its interpretation, and that of the
body laboring through sequences of entries.

And here, what could be more visible than the actions of the body?

cd pcplus pcplus shell sondheim qls test test tf test zz test ls test test
man texst qls pico zz# And here, what could be more visible than the
actions of the body? b ls cd .. dir b keys.dat keys.fix keysfix dir date
>> keys.fix dir dir >> keys.fix exit del keys.fix

There is a degree of hemming and hawing in human existence, shuttling back
and forth - the final speech and its rationale are only a residue - even
the breathing, coffee breaks, sighing, aren't recorded - not to mention
the need for digestion, excretion, sleep above all - the keystroke program
however is a first step - kinesic recording - each and every movement -
each and every stroke - it doesn't like - it takes the poetry out of the
poetry, product out of the product, prose out of the prose, theory out of
the theory - it hints at a substrate - at least part of the substrate is
brought to the surface - it's a kind of mimicry (i.e. it locks onto the
product, it continues, abandons, the product) - these are the foundations
- shifting themselves -

exitat least part of the substrate is brought to the surface - it's a
kind of mimicry (i.e. it locks onto the product, it continues, abandons,
the product^b^fg) - these are the foundations - shifting themselves
-^o^xb^ls^date^del keys.fix^rm keys.fix^y^wc zz^b^

___


Fail, Live

I've failed to provide you with anything. You'll live after me. You'll
starve. My theoretical works are a shambles. There's too much in every
direction. Keystrokes are just that, exercises of the remnants of human
spirit. You can almost read the romanticism. It's all microscopic. I'm
afraid of you. What sort of statement ever makes sense? I'll save the page
and save the day. I'll record everything. There won't be anything left.
It's one two three all over again. When I go outside and walk the fine
earth I am so aware of fragility. Human civilization is always already
gone. You know that - it's absence at the heart of continuous presencing.
We live off husks, residue. It's the husks which form strata, the strata
which are dissected, the dissections which apparently create the semblance
of something solid. We're ghosts in the middle of dark matter, and we've
always known that. I can't provide you with enough to live on; I can offer
you solace and gratitude and the ability to construct the semblance of
constancy. Never do doubt a true heart, no matter how invisible. But it is
the theory I want to be remembered for, the hunger for a truth I hardly
believe in.

Youknowthat-it'sabsenceattheheartofcontinuouspresencing.presencing.
Weliveoffhusks,residue.presencing.We live off husks, residue.[ Can now
UnJustify! ]^G Get Help ^O WriteOut ^R Read File ^Y Prev Pg ^K Cut Text ^C
Cur Pos ^X Exit ^J Justify ^W Where is ^V Next Pg ^U UnJustify ^T To Spell
^G Get Help ^O WriteOut ^R Read File ^Y Prev Pg ^K Cut Text ^C Cur Pos ^X
Exit ^J Justify ^W Where is ^V Next Pg ^U UnCut Text^T To Spell
It'sthehuskswhichformstrata,thestrataw
whicharedissected,thedissectionswhichapparentlycreatethesemblanceof
somethingsolid.We'reghostsinthemiddleofdarkmatter,andwe'vea
alwaysknownthat.Ican'tprovideyouwithenoughtoliveon;Icanofferyousolaceand
gratitudeandtheabilitytostirconstructthesemblanceofcon
constancy.Neverdodoubtatrueheart,nomatterhowinvisible.Butitisthetheory
Iwanttoberememberedfor,thehungerfrooratruthIhardlybe believein.gone. You
know that - it's absence at the heart of continuous presencing.We live off
husks, residue. It's the husks which form strata, the stratawhich are
dissected, the dissections which apparently create the semblanceof
something solid. We're ghosts in the middle of dark matter, and
we'vealways known that. I can't provide you with enough to live on; I can
offeryou solace and gratitude and the ability to construct the semblance
ofconstancy. Never do doubt a true heart, no matter how invisible. But it
isthe theory I want to be remembered for, the hunger for a truth I
hardlybelieve in.File Name to write :  zzT To Files C Cancel TAB Complete
[ Writing... ][ Wrote 21 lines ] ^G Get Help ^O WriteOut ^R Read File ^Y
Prev Pg ^K Cut Text ^C Cur Pos ^X Exit ^J Justify ^W Where is ^V Next Pg
^U UnCut Text^T To Spell Ju10lu%

___


Rectification of Names, (De) Rectification of Rectification


Confucius, Analects, XIII iii, translation Legge:

1. Tsze-lu said, 'The ruler of Wei has been waiting for you, in order with
you to administer the government. What will you consider the first thing 
to be done?'
2. The Master replied, 'What is necessary is to rectify names.'
3. 'So, indeed!' said Tsze-lu. 'You are wide of the mark! Why must there
be such rectification?'
4. The Master said, 'How uncultivated you are, Yu! A superior man, in
regard to what he does not know, shows a cautious reserve.
5. 'If names be not correct, language is not in accordance with the truth
of things. If language be not in accordance with the truth of things,
affairs cannot be carried on to success.
6. 'When affairs cannot be carried on to success, proprieties and music
will not flourish. When proprieties and music do not flourish, punishments
will not be properly awarded. When punishments are not properly awarded,
the people do not know how to move hand or foot.
7. 'Therefore a superior man considers it necessary that the names he uses
may be spoken _appropriately,_ and also that what he speaks may be carried
out _appropriately._ What the superior man requires, is just that in his
words there may be nothing incorrect.'

Hsun Tzu, from Rectifying Names, translation Watson:

[If there are no fixed names,] but men begin to discriminate the different
forms of things on the basis of their own particular observations, each
applying his own names and interpreting the different phenomena in his own
fashion, then the relationships between names and realities will become
obscured and entangled, the distinction between eminent and humble will
become unclear, and men will no longer discriminate properly between
things that are the same and those that are different. [...]

And how does one go about distinguishing between things that are the same
and those that are different? One relies upon the senses. Things which are
of the same species and form will be apprehended by the senses as being
all the same thing. [...] In this way one arrives at a common name for
all the things of one class, which everyone agrees to use when the
occasion demands. [...]

The myriad beings of creation are countless, and yet at times we wish to
refer to all of them in general, and so we call them "things." "Things" is
the broadest general term. [...] One starts with the broadest possible
term and moves on to terms whose meaning is more and more circumscribed
until one can go no farther, and there one stops.

Names have no intrinsic appropriateness. One agrees to use a certain name
and issues an order to that effect, and if the agreement is abided by and
becomes a matter of custom, then the name may be said to be appropriate,
but if people do not abide by the agreement, then the name ceases to be
appropriate. Names have no intrinsic reality. [...]

Names are used when the reality itself is not clearly understood. Combin-
ations of names are used when single names alone are not understood. [...]

Names are the means by which one attempts to distinguish different reali-
ties. [...] Discourses and explanations are the means by which, without
allowing names to become separated from realities, one makes men under-
stand the principles of correct action. Names and combinations of names
are the instruments of discourse and explanation. Discourse and explana-
tion are the means by which the mind gives form to the Way. [...]

Kung-Sun Lung-Tzu, from Chuh wu lun, Designation of Things (probably
spurious), translation Perleberg:

1. Guest: "There is not a thing which cannot be designated. Designations,
however, are undesignated."
2. Host: "If there are no designations in the world, things cannot be
called things."
3. Host: If there is no designation, (how) could things in this world be
called designated?"
4. Guest: "Designation is not of this world. Things, are of this world. It
is not possible to accept that which exists in the world for that which
does not exist."
5. Host: "In the world being no designation, then things can never be said
to be designated."
6. Host: "If they cannot be called designated, there is no designation."
[...]

ibid., full text of Ming shih lun, Discourse on Names and their Actual
Significance:

1. "Heaven and Earth and what they produce are things."
2. "A thing is a thing and nothing more. This is actuality."
3. "Actuality exhibits actuality. This actuality is not empty. It has
position."
4. "Taking it from its position makes it lose its position. Placing it in
its position makes it rectified."
5. "In using this (proper) rectification which is no (proper) rectifica-
tion, means, having doubts in its (proper) rectification."
6. "To rectify that which rectifies an actuality, mean the rectification
of this actuality and also the rectification of its name."
7. "Once its name is rectified, then follows, that THAT is THIS."
8. "In calling it THAT, whilst THAT does not affirm it, THAT then is THAT
and does not react to it."
9. "In calling it THIS and THIS does not affirm it, THIS is then THIS and
does not react to it."
10. "By taking IT as being in agreement, it is in disagreement. It is then
in disagreement, and will cause confusion."
11. "Therefore THAT agrees with THAT, and THAT affirming it, means it will
respond to THAT. THIS agrees with THIS, and THIS affirming it, means it
will respond to THIS. Taking anything as being in agreement makes it agree
with it. That it agrees with the agreement is the rectification of this
agreement."
12. "Therefore THAT and THAT stops at THAT, and THIS and THIS stops at
THIS - which is possible."
13. "THAT and THIS is but THAT. Moreover, THIS and THIS is THAT. In that
case THIS becomes THAT, which is impossible."
14. "A name must be identified by its actuality. Knowing that THIS is not
THIS and knowing that THIS is not in THIS then it cannot be called
(THIS). Knowing that THAT is not THAT, and knowing that THAT is not in
THAT, then it cannot be called (THAT)."
15. "How perfect were the ancient farsighted kings! They examined names
and their actualities. How careful they were in what they said! How per-
fect and farsighted were the ancient kings!"

from nothing:

comes dark matter, ghost-skein of things, all things virtual, in this and
all possible worlds, the propriety of assignment in dialectic with what is
observed as the real, the process of the proper name its _continuous_ in-
stantiation. ghosts hanging on to ghosts, we are all of the imaginary, the
symbolic nothing more than temporary stasis. look closely and see through
all of this, the names disappearing, returning to the matter of the world.


___

keystrokes: hangman

cd hangman hangman0 
gaaehttttthhhhheeeeeeyyypiinrrirtfosllmk
;aaeeeeeeerrrttttoooooovhhiunnclpyjyffddmmwoslvs
;aaaaaammmmeeiiiiinnnnnnoslttohghu
;eeeeeaaaarssstttttthhhhylkmowovloy
.. dir b

pity the meek who shall inherit the earth
#
#
#

___


