
* Alan  (SQUARE)

Connection closed by foreign host.

_


"thinking through death and transparency, Why!, i can never tell a story,
i can only hope that the words themselves make as little difference as the
affairs of men and women, thus, "said Izanagi, "we are propelled by the
very attitudes of our speech, as if proffering beginnings and endings when
- for all the worlds know, there are nothing but stirrings, and "such are
small, "replied Nikuko, "there is little cleverness about them, at least
as little as might be safely ignored, "and what wouldn't be such, "said
Izanagi, "were it not for the fiction of the acts of words, just then
bomb, "Boom, Boom, Boom, everything gone, "so what, "said Nikuko, "so
what, anything at all.

_


the wind

it is said that the parable is the most ephemeral, the weakest source of
knowledge. and for this reason, the parable is the truest source as well,
existing for the length of a breath, trembling before rumors of the abso-
lute. 

its very trembling hints at forces beyond our control, shadowy existenc-
es, ghosts of tracts purporting to describe the world flowing out beneath
them.

the source of parables, nikuko said, is the comprehending of worlds; par-
ables accomplish this through weakness and participation, bending in the
wind. 

__


Found Text, You Have Heard This All Before


written in pocket linux (operating system
on a boot floppy):

what is occurring here, working lean
into the maw of this awkward machine
where i'm loading linux in bleary RAM alone
you can understand this 
is true this very system
where i'm consorting with nikuko in RAM
so there's no trace left of me anywhere
what is that absent anywhere
circuitry humming, no one's around
it's now, this occurrence, something imminent
call it 'occurrence' as it's happening, 
imminent and then some
and then imminent carried down to this level 
or here, working lean, so there's nothing 
else
---
RAM cleared now, i add this tail, that world
no longer anywhere, i shudder
to see what new content takes (my) form
---
later: of this, the purest mind, open, erased, gone, log files
annihilated: there's just this text from nowhere, only residue
or remnant, nothing else: ghost, transparent, invisible.


___



crumbling slate of silent worlds

the blank world, the slate, there i will draw one or another,
constancy:words are transitional objects between silence and silence;
between one silence and another, disturbances on the periphery,
as-if:juncture of stars-neutralization, intention, huddled, maintained,
in erasable memory, taut like lines are, these are the rooms we have left,
written and lost, written and lost:nothing:nothing

does juncture of stars-neutralization, intention, huddled, maintained, in
erasable memory, taut like lines are, these are the rooms we have left,
written and lost, written and lost turn ours, the blank world, the slate,
there i will draw one, or another, constancy, to you, azure, of shorter
evenings?

and there between silence and silence, there the rooms we have left,
there, the blank world, the slate, there, erasable memory, all such
memory, written and lost, words hungered, lost, nothing:nothing:nothing


_


Thematics


I write in a relative vacuum, almost no feedback; so it comes about I lose
track of thematics, corrections; so I wander over unforgiving territory,
ignorant; today I look back at double files, the current and the last,
looking across death, among other processes transparent to the world. For
it was during this period, after six months, that my mother died; this is
recorded, across the files, an extended meditation on death, which has
always encompassed me.

What is there elsewhere in these files? Transparency, invisibility, the
slight, weakness, everywhere, accounting for our presence in absence, and
in fact an inversion of death and life: for it may be that we already are
of the death, descended from the living replete in dark matter, a far more
ethical world.

"Texts on bagkeys, relation of protolanguage and performativity of the
body to keystroking - end users, the three lamps, lake texts below, cancer
texts etc." say my reminders - bagkeys being a key capture program, recor-
ding keystrokes - in other words, the incessant movement of the fingers
across the keyboard. Somehow this references another hysteria of the vir-
tual-real - creating a mathematics of Press, Release, Move, Hold, leading
to a phenomenology of contiguity. It's as if the text were primarily a
coding or decoding of bodily movement, not an autonomous production or
computational emission. What can we do with this? We can look at proto-
language or pidgens, we can find our way clumsy in the world, the enmeshed
and performing body, the body in movement, breathing through the text.

There there are the texts of the lake and the light spilling, meandering -
waters and lights, the body suspended in the midst of the former, opening
up to the latter. The insertion moves back and forth from screen and key
and computer to water and light, but it is the same dispersing of selving
at work in the death texts, in virtual existence, in media emissions.

There are also the texts of the rectification of names, thinking again
through issues of designation and harmonies, names disappearing as quickly
as any other worlds. And a long text on the phenomenology of the projects
I designed for the Trace virtual-writer-in-residence position, projects
which were organized around backbone pages, writing/scrawling, disappear-
ances.

All of this reflects a position of waning articulations, translucent
structures which may or may not present themselves. The phenomenology in-
sists as well on its lack of positionality, on its self-effacement, on its
spew or flow - such are its grounds. Again I return to thinking through
contiguity, the ephemera of touch, of passing-by.

I write the theory of the three lamps, of open circuitry, batteries using
the universe as broken linkage; I write of kludges in the world, things
coming together primarily as bricolage, making-do, held together by lines
of code going nowhere, inflated, almost correct, reporting errors at best
to /dev/null. And I write the theory of the end-user, oblivious to machin-
ery and undercurrents, and the philosophy of cancer and the stereotypic-
ality of death, and the stories of death, the meaning and meaninglessness
of stories.

I write about my mother's death and cancer as dispersion and online com-
munities as dispersions, no longer organized around particular applica-
tions or sites, but constituted (as the very first probably were) by loose
associations and a kind of mobility - one seeing, for example, old
friends appearing in all sorts of places. 

I return endlessly to the binding of names, to those names that should
participate in creation, but die stillborn, as if there were something to
learn from empathetic magic:
   every file leaves itself space
   unfathomed, between one and another domain;
   it's here that wings, terror terrified
   holds to the semblance of the real
I write as well about phoric meaning, meaning carried on the back, holding
oneself as if against death, and I write up against the wall of death, as
if it were transparent, and I return to transparency and meaning lost and
not regain, a continuous contemplation of death:
   i'm tired of making meaning, i'm tired of meaning and making meaning,
   tired of all of this, of carrying the necessity of language,
and as well:
     1 i have not experienced death; death is not an experience. THIS IS 
A TEXT
     2 FOR A MASSACRE. for to one, then the other. THIS IS NOT A TEXT.

There are gaps, there is a funeral, a period of mourning after a death,
there is Nikuko returning. Mixed, technology: A discussion of the rack-
over viewfinder, the implied doubling of vision and the displacement of
time in favor of the singularity of space, an inversion of our binding to
temporality and its singularity. So philosophy appears even in this rela-
tion, just as the phenomenology of contiguity appears at first in terms
of an analysis of the stylus-pen used with hand-held computer touch-
screens. Everything reduces to a motivation of primary constituents -
space, time, motion, stillness, touch, release. And as usual, all such
constituents are seen, first, as constituted, granted meaning by the human
articulation of semantic domains, and second, as interpenetrated, proble-
matized by the real (as well as careful analysis).

A philosophy of characteristic forms, drawn from thinking about Boas, is
hinted at; such forms fall between structuralism and post-structuralism,
are represented by fuzzy logics in every direction, and indicate as well a
wavering position between real and virtual, constituted and deployed.

More return to ourselves as ghosts invisible, writing within and without
the floating world, dark matter and the thickness of the real always
beyond our grasp; we are on the verge of discovering the real, finding
ourselves always already displaced from it; culture told us so. A text
emphasizes the "shimmering ontologies of transparency":
|   dream / real / constituted virtual / the gnawing of dark matter
|    - symbolic - imaginary - idiocy of the real (practico-inert)
|                          imaginary / as if
|                              imaginary
as displacement takes hold, as a form of suturing occurs, and I am brought
back from one realm to another, all within the same. Philosophy mingles
with the therapeutic; I find solace in certain positions I, perhaps, wish
to find - these also appearing, as if natural, from one or another source
located in the murky articulation of unbounded thought.

Finally there is an analysis, once again, of the nature of parable, to
which I ascribe these texts, and a final:
  and there between silence and silence, there the rooms we have left,
  there, the blank world, the slate, there, erasable memory, all such
  memory, written and lost, words hungered, lost, nothing:nothing:nothing

Such is the process which continues through my work, through my avatars,
through Jennifer, Julu, Nikuko, and the rest, through the programming,
through the conferencing and discussions - a process which is singular
insofar as it is based on constitution upon constitution, problematic upon
problematic, and interpenetrations, fuzzy phenomena, exculpations, the
breathing of a body reciting, praying, creating, telling - such a body of
love or death, such a written body, such a body writing.


___


The Passage (lit. op. cit. 'natural artifact,' Bridging Worlds)


She would come to me in the garden (lit. she rounded her feelings, op.
cit. 'nature'), asking as if she were pursuant to flower unfolding (lit.
asking because she liked the spring), would the bamboo present itself
circumstantially to both of us, entwined, as if we were real (lit. there
are stemmed plants, op. cit. 'cultural artifact,' growing wild in such
shadows so that our shadows are knotted and bound by their untoward
growth). Every evening (lit. op. cit. 'nature,' of the death of the sun,
she would weep constantly, praying for its return as the darkness closed
in upon her), we would spend many hours (lit. op. cit. 'natural artifact,'
deaths of amphibia, lingering note of the flute) together; (lit. ;'',)
thus did skeins contribute to the cascading waters enmeshing of what might
have been planktonic follies, caught alive, drowned in pure air (lit. and
so our lives passed uneventfully, full of love and happiness). (lit. op.
cit. ::./)

_


The Vapid

Ju16lu% date Ju17lu% Sat Apr 15 17:23:29 EDT 2000 _ cit. ::./) have been
planktonic follies, caught alive, drowned in pure air (lit. and so our
lives passed uneventfully, full of love and happiness). (lit. op. thus did
skeins contribute to the cascading waters enmeshing of what might Sat Apr
15 17:24:34 EDT 2000 How did it come to this, words cascaded, in disarray,
memory of older orders lost and drowned with them, words poised in slow
and circling waves between surface and bottom, sludged and slurried lay-
ers, all in the space of a night, dull morning, gloomy afternoon? Time
hurries without us, works its slow unravelings; letters lose their violent
hold on meaning. Remember that, meaning is always caught alive or not at
all, the monstrosity of noise, shrill echoes blanking out the remnants of
the world around us.

Just as I write these words, they begin their incessant decay; already I
picture transpositions, occlusions, vapors, the vapid...

___



exit b the cold brown fox cold brown fox covered the cold brown fox over
the dozen rivers quickly after the cool after the cold brown after the
cold brown fox jumped over the dozen quick rivers he came down to the
world's origin cracking and jittery all of a notion did the cold brown fox
come covered quick jittery he came and the cold brown fox b ls sz lj
further did the cold brown fix dump fox further did further did the cold
brown fox further did the cold brown fox jump quick quizzically over the
river lives of the river fox, cold, brown, found quick quizzes date b cold
brown fox driving zoologically into the river quickly jumping b exit

_ 

Rap


lj:taking us away /*rapture, travel, death*/ lj:ing, words, wrapped around
words, garbage-air unfit to breathe, wilted and lj:of phrases, mountains
of paragraphs, flimsy worlds of texts, oh oh oh lj:degree possible, per-
haps a topography of inscription. Technologically, it lj:creation of a
grapheme and/or a performative in relation to an operation lj:one might
think from arrows to matrix, from grapheme to subtext and the lj:graphs,
flimsy wlds of texts, objects, f the crippled life-fms of my wk, lj:with
the therapeutic; I find solace in certain positions I, perhaps, wish volt.
irc:vecho connecting multi-collide bot to [server] - [-r] rapes [nick(s)]
(keeps

_


The Dream of Svengali and Trilby


Last night, hallucinating, half awake, half asleep, Svangali passing Tril-
by small wooden frameworks, taking her under, hypnotized. I realize this
is impossible, keep trying to rework the dream, over and over again. I get
up, take some notes, go back to sleep.

What I realize is this: that hypnosis is intransitive, that there is no
passing of objects, not even dream objects, not even states or concepts,
ideas or processes - it's this precise confrontation without such passing
that constitutes the hypnotic state - intense communication in vacuo, an
uncanny empathetic alterity. Such is the state of expectancy, that Trilby,
and the rest of us, succumb.


_

ex-qat drug cops key the jam in biz, vow life.
quick brown fat dyes jam, vex gop with zeal.
fax men quiz bot, lick jar, vow gypsy hid.
hurt waxy quiz begins joke, could move, fall.
crown gypsum qat-jive walks, hex fad biz.

_


other than Derrida, meaning: in flight


"If I were optimistic enough on the subject, I would say that I see the
journey of my brief existence as a journey in view of determining and
naming the place from which I will have had the experience of exteriori-
ty. And the anamnesis we were talking about at the outset, this anamnesis
would be in view of identifying, of naming it--not effacing the exterior-
ity, I don't think it can be effaced--but of naming it, identifying it,
and thinking it a little better than I have done so far." - Derrida, There
is No _One_ Narcissism, in Points, trans. Kamuf & others. And this in
relation to an exteriority beyond exteriority, in relation, or brought up
or into question or commentary, of the Judaic; one can see a differend at
work within an _interiority_ here, a form of internal exile, but from
what, if not a non-exile garnered only by an otherwise unidentified alt-
erity. And in this regard, we notice again the hypnotic and its relation
to non- or in-transitivity, alterity without an object, always, to the
extent a representation, a misrecognition or misrepresentation, but one
grounding, shifting the grounds, never called into question. I write of or
on (the body of) this, a place I identify, to the extent it remains
peripheral to identity, weak or fragile, almost invisible, certainly out
of or one with, the imaginary. It is the premise or promise of the world
at its horizon, as one pursues "one's" project - in spite of the fact
that, deeply random or chaotic, a project remains just that, in pursuit of
a goal, in pursuit of meaning as well. Meaning is always in flight; one
writes within the gap. And culture is always already liminal, interstiti-
al; death, of being and Beings, tending towards foundation, guarantee,
contract, strategy. Writing into the void is the semblance of determina-
tion, the substrate on the move.


___


some insects

the ant dragged the grasshopper across the room.
this is dumb.
the ant put the grasshopper down.
no this is dumb.
the ant walked over the grasshopper.
this is really dumb.
the ant nudged the grasshopper a little bit.
no this is the dumbest thing ever.
the ant tickled the grasshopper with its head down.
this is even dumber.
the ant circled the grasshopper with its head down.
this is dumber than since the beginning of the whole world.
the ant walked away from the grasshopper.
this is dumber than the entire universe and everything else.
the ant left the room.
no this is dumber than that and dumber than dumber than that.
the ant left the room with the grasshopper.
this is really really dumb.
the ant dragged the grasshopper and left the grasshopper.
this is dumber than everything and really really dumb and everything.
the ant dragged the grasshopper and left the room.
no this is dumber than dumber than everything than the whole world.
the ant left the grasshopper.
this is really really really dumb.

___


EL CID (culture intelligence demise)

thinking about dinosaurs:

the culture of dinosaurs (looking for materials, ignoring them - digging
deeper in human-occupied caves, etc.) - why assume there is none? to the
extent I imagine that any material found would be seen as a (later)
occlusion - ignored - whereas it seems to me that, over a 160 million year
period, culture would appear, create a situation for identifying families
and groups etc., for surviving under widely-varying ecological niches and
circumstances -

intelligence of dinosaurs (assumption of reasonable brain size, given
microcomputer ability to control large-scale entities) - why not assume
some inordinately intelligent species, since intelligence, over a 160
million year period, would develop, again, for survival - reading back-
wards through brain size / convolutions seems begging the question here - 

demise of dinosaurs (ethos of disappearance of 160 million years of evolu-
tion catastrophically by the random crashing of a single two-mile piece of
rock) - in any case, such a deeply literally senseless act of (what is
inscribed as) violence certainly puts an end to all human aspirations and
theological consequences thereof - two miles may be walked in half an hour
at a quick pace - 160 million years, at least 80 times the length of human
existence however defined - if compared to the historical period, incon-
ceivable - how can this be possibly fathomed - any question here is beg-
ging the question here -

so culture, intelligence, demise, the three, El Cid, The Lord, in a way,
in other words a strategy or mechanism indicative of worlds beyond worlds
- did individual dinosaurs have names, early humans, australopithecines -
we do seem very busy about our assignments - El Cid meandering in a land-
scape of, what, and such sounds there were, one can only imagine something
beyond our incessant roaring, syllables perhaps, eloquence and rhetoric of
the highest order -

how much do we read backwards, rear-projection-screen into monster and
monstrosity? it seems that there must, somewhere, exist artifacts to prove
my case - to be continued -


___


my goal, by franz kafka

my goal, as a 3 kilometer asteroid hurtling towards earth, is to destroy
the existing ecosystem by kicking up dust, rock, and whirlwind, darkening
the skies, poisoning the air, churning up the water, and polluting the
ocean. my goal is to eliminate all trace of life, which is difficult
enough; however, i shall at least take care of the larger pieces. there
are some furry mammals which are distinguished by a rather playful
attitude towards just about everything; i'm certain these shall survive,
no matter the quantity of hurled torrents or molten lavas. these mammals
shall skip merrily about, but will lose their delicious dinosaur eggs; on
the other hand, they'll learn quickly enough to gobble up embryos of
flaccid dino-corpses, while chattering incessantly to each other. my goal,
however, is to make this as difficult as possible, so that later human
beings will look up at the sky and say, oh what a world. they do not
realize that i am sentient, as driven as they are, not blind gravity, but
by a desire to annihilate. every stone has its mandate, every speck of
dust, its destiny. oh what nonsense i can write, "said nikuko, having
finished her studious peroration.

"The hand of even the most cautious operator was bound to be drawn into
the cutter space if it slipped, particularly when, as often happened, the
timber was hurled back (by the cutter block) while the operator was pres-
sing the article to be planed against the table with one hand and feeding
it to the cutter spindle with the other. This lifting and recoiling of the
timber could not be anticipated nor prevented as it may have been due to
gnarls or knots in the timber, to an insufficietly high cutting-speed, to
warped cutters, or to uneven pressure of the operator's hands on the arti-
cle." (Kafka, quoted in Max Brod, Franz Kafka, a Biography.)

_


friday, nothing comes to mind: which means that there are no entailments,
less innovation; nothing dredged from the past; no history, written or
rewritten; no sudden inspirations, intuitions; nothing seems incomplete;
there's no need in the wide dominion; it's not that things are finished,
fulfilled, satiated; it's just that there's no draw, no pull, nothing out
of the ordinary; no nagging conscience; it's just that things are as they
are; it's just that nothing comes to mind.

_

from above

one day the gods were talking. they were in the spirit world, far above
the earth., they looked down and saw men and women and children and horses
beneath their feet. how can we do this, they said to one another. we have
sore necks from looking down, our feet are in our way, we can't see very
clearly, sometimes we fall over from dizziness, our feet are useless,
we're just flailing in the air. the gods agreed, other ones saying, it's
always sunny or dark here, we don't have any rain or snow or wind, there
aren't any noises except our own, it's either too hot or too cold, our
toes are always cold, it's awkward standing on nothing, we'll never get
used to this. some of the other gods were talking. they can't hear us down
there, we can't hear them very well either, everything's always underfoot,
we can't even trip without falling into our beds, there doesn't seem to be
any reason to go anywhere, we're always sliding all over the place anyway.
some gods said, without friction beneath our feet it's really difficult to
move about as well; when we shoot arrows, we're thrown backwards, when we
make love, we have to hold onto each other for dear life, and to visit
relatives is a major undertaking of slipping and dashing. some gods said,
it's good to turn upside-down here, stand on our heads, it's a good trick,
all those men and women and children and horses seem to be in heaven,
we're just floating somewhere beneath them. some other gods were whirling
and whirling around, trying to stop, their arms flailing in all direc-
tions, a bit uncomfortable and dizzy. it's time to sleep said some of the
other gods, and they lay down and went to sleep, their bodies floating
about and nuzzling each other. it made the other gods tired, and they went
to sleep a little bit later, they had this conversation before, it always
went nowhere, and they were floating out of each other's hearing anyway.

_


comfort home 
comfort home comfort home
_

recycling older and older thoughts, i can't think of anything new, i'd
want to repeat over and over again, i'd be one with the repetition of it,
you'd hear it anew, you'd never know when it would stop.

sometimes you might find yourself listening, and you might be thinking,
well, i've heard this before, and you might, just then, find yourself
hearing it again, and you might be wondering, did i just hear this, and
you might find yourself thinking, i did hear this, just a moment ago, and
you might be thinking, i never know when this will stop, i never know when
this repetition will end, and you might find yourself listening and
wondering, all through the end of it.

recycling older and older thoughts, i would take comfort home in the
thinking of them, i would be comfortable with the thinking of them, i'd be
one with repeating them, i'd be one with repeating myself, all through the
end of them, all through their coming to an end.

_


don't you know all this new language? are you blind to this new language?
do you understand this new language? will i have disappeared (lit. be one
of the disappeared) before you are born? (for i won't be around to tell
you, i won't be able to answer your questions, i won't be able to tell you
anything new, you'll have only this from me, you'll have to make of it
what you will.)

you might find yourself reading this, you might find yourself making of 
it what you will, you might find yourself questioning, you might find an
empty space, you might find yourself questioning, you might think of me, 
you might ask a question.


__

