

burning in, cdrom


freezing the text
burning the text in
frozen snapshot of a particular moment in time
creating an artifact of permanence and memory
worry the text through technological obsolescence
running the text from one transparent machine to another
the transparency of bits and bytes
working the transparency, creating a drag factor
commodity, easily upgradeable, replaceable
series of commodities with similar texts, updated
versions of the text, annotated by date
text as stuttered process, frozen by cdrom
heated and planar text, randomly accessible
textual substrates of lasers and their configurations
whirl of the text, centrifugal force of the text
pearlescent text, translucency
text broken at a cutting-off, cutting-in
everything in the world that will be left unsaid
dates halted at or near the date of production
nothing left for the future within the artifact
transparent object, we believe in you.


___



An incident

Alan says: I am here in Athenaeum searching for Nikuko.
- searching for Nikuko.
Alan says: Echo, please help me; I cannot find Nikuko.
- cannot find Nikuko.
Alan says: Echo, please please help me; wake thyself.
- I have woken and will sadly tell you.
Alan asks: Echo, what is it you have to tell me?
- Nikuko is gone many months from this talker;
- Nikuko is silent now.
Alan asks: Echo, Alas, what shall I do?
- shall I do?
Alan exclaims: Echo, please, please, do not forsake me!
- do not forsake me!
Alan exclaims: Alas!
- Alas!
Alan is silent, taking the vow of silence, silent.
Alan, taking the vow.

*** End ***                                            

.
.
"open the gates".
.
.
open the gates, characterizes the phenomenology.
tear down the gateposts: i am sick, stumbling.
fill the postholes; there are signs and fields.
erase the signs - now space stumbles into space.
space is gone space, suddenly, nikuko and izanagi.
do not fear, they say, things will soon be halted.
wider and wider, there is no language for this.
memory loses itself; beyond memory, memory.
beyond loss, loss: that tiny little thing..
of the darkest thing, encode, replies izanagi.
of the darkest, coding, says nikuko.
code heaving, its cunt thrust open.
izanagi goes away, nikuko brings signs to humans.
time takes signs away.
.
___.
.


Nikuko and Alan Naked: Exhibitionism and Theory


( Struggling with the theory behind exhibitionist impulses / scratching 
  the surface )

1 system resonances - the appearance of the body resonant with your own 
  - fulfilling the space of your desire, insisting on it - appearance
  of one's own body, mediated by representation - held open - pinned -
  the hieroglyphic and/or binding of the body -
 
2 explorations of self and fragmentations - discomforts, tremblings as
  totality is revealed - nothing is hidden - the politics of the open
  society

3 psychotic emanations - you can see us naked, you can see us in the 
  act you can't have us - in our nudity we find ourselves; in your gaze
  we are formed - our nakedness is our power - we see each other 
  through your gaze - you are transitive, translucent - you are given
  permission - we turn for you, arouse you, open ourselves for you -

4 perturbations within systems - we're driving down the highway, we're 
  naked, exposed - the road turns into vectors of sight - down from 
  truck cabs, across from cars - we see ourselves in the imminent - 
  live in the domain of the chaotic - we're at the base of everything -
  the foundation - we're hurtling 80 miles an hour, exposed -

5 theoretical turns - the body of sex, sexual body - writing or imagin-
  ing the body - the body of the imaginary - fear of revelation of the
  other - pushing the body through the text or image - asserting the
  political body, body of politic, through the transformation of repre-
  sentation - distortion, effacement, protuberance of representation -
  our nakedness the bad dream of the bourgeoisie -

6 problematics of gender - holding each other open - lighting the in-
  terior - the breakdowns of proper names, entities, space - the smell
  of the displayed body - holding alan open against his will with his
  permission - holding nikuko open against her will with her permis-
  sion -

7 multiculturalisms, sexualities,  the rhetoric of innocence -
  introjections and projections of our bodies onto / within / without
  the other - as if there were a proffering, invitation

8 ontic explorations - ghosts and other emanations (the videos) -
  elements of disappearances, sadomasochisms, bindings and controls-
  the nature of writing and inscription - control of exposure -
  living in the image or text - living naked, exposed - living
  through representation - living through the imaginary 

9 sexualities - multiples, topologies, exchanges, symbolic dismember-
  ings, affect, exhibitionisms...

10 dismemberments - part-objects, splays, ruptures, s/ms, emissions -
  the pleasure of emission - desire towards production - the hunting
  or haunting of the lens -

11 language and performativities - javascript, nikuko-function or
  nikuko-pages - exhibitionism as performative: i'm naked, you're
  aroused - the "little object a" - lure or seduction - reading 
  this - hoping for more - 

___

swan-onus-nit-s-entry-eel-laser-cool-owns-pole
-onus-nit-s-entry-eel-laser-cool-owns-pole-swan
-nit-s-entry-eel-laser-cool-owns-pole-swan-onus
--s-entry-eel-laser-cool-owns-pole-swan-onus-nit
--entry-eel-laser-cool-owns-pole-swan-onus-nit-s
-----eel-laser-cool-owns-pole-swan-onus-nit-s-entry
----laser-cool-owns-pole-swan-onus-nit-s-entry-eel
--cool-owns-pole-swan-onus-nit-s-entry-eel-laser
--owns-pole-swan-onus-nit-s-entry-eel-laser-cool
-pole-swan-onus-nit-s-entry-eel-laser-cool-owns

_



Flaubert, Dictionary of the Usual


America - imperialist, runs the Net
AOL - always for the ignorant
ASCII Text - forget about it
Bandwidth - never enough of it
Computer - has no personality
Computers - will never be as smart as we are
Corporate Fascist - what everyone else is
Crash - not my fault
Cybercash - never safe
Cybersex - never as good as the real thing, not real sex
Darwin - someone who says we descended from the ape
Deconstruction - thinking about something
Descartes - cogito, ergo, sum
E-zine - not real publishing
Email - too much of it
English - always rich
English Language - too much of it
Gates - too rich
GUI - graphic user interface, for the visually-oriented
Gulf-Stream - newly discovered town in Norway
Guru - knows everything
Hackers - always everywhere, your account isn't safe
Hebrew - it's Greek to me
Humidity - cause of all sickness
Iliad - always followed by the Odyssey
Innovation - always dangerous
Inscription - always cuneiform
Internet - always dangerous
Internet Chat - always dangerous
Internet User - doesn't have a life
Jouissance - obscene word
Keyboard - soon to be replaced
Linux - always free
Lurker - dangerous, unknown
Lynx - animal celebrated for its eye
Mac - never crashes, better than PC
Macintosh - invented the Macintosh
Malthus - "the infamous Malthus"
Man - always a she
Microsoft - always venomous
Military - started the Net to spy on us
MOO - never heard of it
Moon - inspires sadness, perhaps inhabited?
MUD - always addictive
MUDDER - addict
Music - have to have it
Net Art - whatever I say it is
Net Sex - typing with one hand only, not real sex
Newbie - doesn't know anything
Newsgroups - full of spam
Oasis - desert hotel
Offline - hopelessly out of touch
Oldtimer - online for four years or more
Oracle - impossible to program
Paris - prostituted, paradise for women, hell for horses
PC - better than Mac
Penguin - see Linux
Phaeton - invented the Phaeton vehicle
Pornography - time-waster, killing our children
Privacy - there isn't any
Programming - too difficult
Robots - are going to take over the world
Salutations - always impressive
Sartre - existence precedes essence
Screen - hurts my eyes, can't read on it
Security - there isn't any
Serpent - always venomous
Shell Account - can't do anything on it, for the textually-oriented
Society - its enemies
Software - always bloated
Sun - too expensive
Them - not us
Traveler - always intrepid
Unix - too complicated
Us - not them
Windows - always crashes
Woman - always a he
World Wide Web - too crowded


__




"This is the only book you will ever need. This book has all secrets.
You are reading this book. You are close to the end of this book. 
You are very healed from reading this book. This is your healing book.
Every question has been answered in this book. This ends your book."

__




(Contents of the Railroad Earth CDROM - to be released in late June)


CDROM: Contents and Description


This CDROM contains online and computer-oriented work from 1996-2000.
The work is in the following directories, which may easily be accessed
through a web browser; the files may also be read directly. Please
read the descriptions and other information.

NETWORK        <DIR>
BOOK           <DIR>
PROGRAM        <DIR>
HTML           <DIR>
IMAGE          <DIR>
VIDEO          <DIR>
MUSIC          <DIR>

NETWORK is the Website at http://www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt.
This contains the Internet Text, the novel Ma, the book The Case of the
Real, and additional materials. It is easiest to access this with a
browser; if your cdrom drive is E:, open E:\CDROM\NETWORK\index.html .
The materials may also be accessed directly.

At the end of this text is a copy of the "Periodic Notice" I sent to
various email lists, outlining the nature and content of the Internet
Text. It may help orient you to this directory, and my work in general.

BOOK contains a number of texts originally assembled for a book of arti-
cles on film, video, and related matters. A subdirectory, TALKS, con-
tains various essays and outlines used in seminars and lectures. The
diary texts in BOOK are from the trAce online virtual writer-in-residen-
cy. There are other articles as well, almost all of which have been pub-
lished offline. Finally, there are miscellaneous articles, such as the
initial descriptions of the Cybermind email list (which I co-founded
with Michael Current in 1994) and the Fop-email list (which I started
the same year).

PROGRAM contains various programs in QBASIC that might be of interest to
anyone running it. They work with fractal paths - what I call measure
geometries; the math has been an inspiration to me. I am including some
Perl and display programs I've used as well.

HTML contains a number of short HTML pages, as well as two larger pro-
jects, Narcissistic Disturbance, and Water. Again, go to the directory
- type E:\CDROM\HTML\NARDIS\index.htm to open this; the same applies
to water: E:\CDROM\HTML\WATER\index.htm . There is also a frac direct-
ory; enter E:\CDROM\HTML\FRAC\index.htm but be careful; this page stut-
ters and divides and can close down your browser. 

IMAGE contains almost 200 .jpg and .gif images that are resonant with
a number of projects, including the video, avatar-work, and explorations
into language, body, and sexuality. These were made from approximately
25 different graphics programs, scannings, and digital camerawork. In
some cases, there are several versions of an image, emphasizing or work-
ing through different attributes.

IMAGE also contains a series of Flash collaborations between Barry
Smylie and myself; these have .swf extensions. Open these in your
browser (with the proper flash plugins): E:\CDROM\IMAGE\broken1.swf,
...youwill.swf, ...dancer.swf, and ...broken.swf. Again, there is some
duplication; broken1.swf combines the others into a single piece.

VIDEO contains a number of quicktime videos that have been incorporated
in other work. They represent manifestations of Nikuko and Doctor Leo-
pold Konninger, characters developed at length in the Internet Text (see
NETWORK). In the CDROM, they can be considered partial narratives, res-
onating with the other materials.

MUSIC contains six pieces, two for shakuhachi with Azure Carter, one
for solo shakuhachi, two for solo electric guitar, and one for solo
flute. The shakuhachi is narrow-bore, about fifty years old. The guitar
is a Fender Cyclone. The music is improvisational, working out a lang-
uage of body, speed, labor, and reception.


