




Completio


When, and it is now, the cdrom is almost completed, and the files are tal-
lied - not counting the cd soundwork or the potential video - my texts and
graphics fill less than 35 megabytes - this includes 200 graphics - plus
programs, talk outlines, seminar papers, the internet texts, html page-
suites, the trAce diary - this is about a third of a single full-scale
graphic - the work stems from 1994-2000 - about six and a half years - it
glitters on the disk - you can see the bands themselves - you can almost
read between the bands - the light all colors of the rainbow naturally -
the thinness of an object such as this - resumes as well, accounts from
and of the past - it seems - it's as if the very shape of the object cuts
through the air in a certain manner - it huddles in the real - as if there
are several of them - one can only imagine the hands of an inserted clock
- demarcation in the form of a Chinese jade - as if nothing were said, all
that ascii text, without formatting, with _ delimiting italics - no super
or sub-scripts - there are easily 5000 pages of text - at the very least -
I lost count a long time ago - perhaps 4000 in the internet texts - but
not to mention, say, the 40 or so articles - or the rearrangement of the
texts into other works, pieces, other ways of looking, other combinations
- then there are open configurations - run the programs, enter all the
variables you want - there's room - create your own, etc. - I'm sure I've
left things out - what anyone could make of the graphics - novel without
text, without plot or narrative, without direction - I try to make every-
thing exist within a certain resonance - linkages and couplings on one
hand - what I called "sm/s" on the other - this is all in there - it just
needs to come out - a form of archaeological excavation - digging through
the ruins, say - the runes - extensions in every direction - you might see
an image and say, that is Nikuko and you might hear a voice and say, that
is Azure, and you might think, is Nikuko Azure, is Azure Nikuko, and you
might look farther into the texts, and you might find yourself conjoined
with a certain sensibility, a way of looking at appearances - conjoined
with the appearances themselves - you could turn to The Case of the Real,
embedded there, or Ma, a Novel, embedded there, locate some of the texts
in the files of the internet texts, pull them out, reorder or recuperate
their origination - you might date things, couple the diary with the arti-
cles or the diary with a _degree_ of the internet texts - you might begin
putting things in order - noticing the dates on certain letters, events
chronicled roughly in the resume - the semblance of a being emerging -
something else perhaps disappearing - movements in all directions - the
fear of a certain equivalence, simultaneity - one never knows - meanwhile
this seems a personal milestone for me - even if the cdrom, say, never
appears - the gathering of materials - etching them - as if a breath were
being taken by the presence of a file in the world - or a root file system
- or a confluence of bits and bytes - without ending - beginnings forgot-
ten in their midst - a system I'd think badly in need of dreaming - some-
thing unaccounted-for, something unaccountable -

__


a memorable dream of message

today i dream of cdrom. it is bright gold and very beautiful. it is like a
great sun. i do not have to write more. it is all writing i have done.
there is none writing i have not done that is there. it is all thing to me
and is infinite loop inside and there are variable as well that are
infinite loop. such is beauty of such temporary world as will disappear
when i am after i am gone. like a great sun in a circle sky it is very
high up and includes all things. for what is greater than all things. all
things are so temporary we will not be resurrect in the sky late after we
are gone but we may do cdrom with all our writing so that it may be copy
and again and over more so that it will be there for all to see and read
and hear. it will be a great sun. it will be moving in great circle and
all will want to see such a great miracle of gold beauty. now you will
know such beauty.

___


Stitched the Suture

Crawl violations last text of theory, last theory dirt-eaten through no
comfort here, at this spike. No churning of body-meat hurtling pen and
keyboard violent and vagaries. Hanging with the museum of all language.
'stitched the suture' !

No comfort here, at this spike. No churning of body-meat hurtling pen and
keyboard violent and vagaries. Hanging with the museum of all language.
'stitched the suture' ! Nudging words makes skid marks in my soul. Dragged
into the real, they've had nothing to say. Think of the finish on adverb
or noun. Dragged and stuttered, slip / stick methodology of the true bow.
"stitched the suture"  ? Well, i've concluded, stitched the suture consti-
tuting text and theory, wrapping the disk as "an instantiation," last
theory text of language.

___


o.a..aa.at.do.de.re..wow.hah.ewe.had.rad.
.....aa.ta.od.ed.er..oho.aha.wow.oho.oho.
.....................wow.hah.ewe.gag.tan.

__


i was enclosed in a suit, untethered in space, the ad hoc plastic helmet
covered with etched stars. with these, i was to orient myself; floating
free, filled with fear, i tried one alignment after another. the voice
calling me would say, it would say, jack, use the helmet, as the capsule
turned slowly in the distance, smaller than the moon. i'd hear my breath
and the voice, calling me;

and then jack inhabited me, saying, i'm moving in now, i'm in the body, it
will think it's alan, and my interior eyelids began generating, alan was
wide awake, eyes closed, well past midnight, flows and pulsings of menses,
we were suddenly interior, jack began the fadeout, leaving me to his own
devices, leaving me to understand he was there, in the plastic helmet,
composed of two hemispheres joined tight; i, jack, was in the silver-suit,
alan swallowing, surrounded by red-brown floodings, clots, membraned
tissues, clock thrumming in the background;

tonight alan thinks about that space, that cunt, beyond inscription, in
reach and taut; alan thinks about the golden disk of alan's work float-
ing in a fogged sky; alan has worked with photoshop today, turning the
natural world into an orange and seeping disk among impossible and tang-
led branches; sex eviscerates with a violent and ruthless quality; he is
bound to the screen and its accompaniment of mediations, its mediation-
gang; he's doing this, he's know, all the while, that jack is out there,
laughing in the real, pushing through his bones, pushing out through his
mouth, asshole, penis; alan's trembling, his body's not his own; the voice
is there calling, jack, jack, identify, look out for those stars;

___


Autobio, early Net events:


(Reading this from 1994, some names omitted, and thinking - it was rough
at this point, at the beginning - all this within a few months - Alan)

EVENT    TXT         3,412  09-03-94  4:16a EVENT.TXT
         1 file(s)          3,412 bytes


Internet Events:

1 John Frost's suggestion that I join Future Culture.
2 The psychiatric confessions on Future Culture coupled with someone's
suicide hoax - Michael Current's response - the complaint to the sys-
admin.
3 Flirtation with xxx - no fruition - "freaking out." Our interruption
of the POMO-L list.
4 Chris Keep's archiving of my work.
5 Problems with the Arts list and xxx - writing off-list,
becoming unsubbed - xxxs' complaining, the list shutting down.
6 Posting the "religious" text to Futurec, response based on religious
mania.
7 Michael Current and I deciding to start Cybermind.
8 Kent Palmer's objection to Deleuze posts by Davis and Nick Land.
9 Kent Palmer's closing down the lists - Malgosia and Michael beginning
new account on World.
10 Kent Palmer's shakiness with the current lists - temporarily closing
down, imitating the Spoon Collective.
11 Formation and resolution of the Spoon Collective.
12 Flirt with xxx - until the packaging was sent.
13 Flirt with xxx - fading out, friendship ending when
she unsubs participant because of his post of a cult advertisement.
14 Cancelled flirt with xxx in relation to her marriage - her
upset over the nightmare dream I related to her.
15 xxx hack, its ins and outs, unsubbing FS several times,
contact with NISC.tw. Discussion with Michael Current about the validity
of unsubbing.
16 Current and I posting the no slur requirement on Cybermind and its
fallout.
17 Flirt with xxx segueing into disbelief and pornography.
18 Michael Current's death.
19 Fido's co-moderation and its cancellation.
20 xxx's eating disorders and related posts.
21 xxx's hoax death.
22 Hacking: My being unsubbed from Cybermind and fop, xxx's posts under
other names, xxx's resentments. Arguments on Spoon about hidden control
characters, xxx's posts cancelling archived files.
23 My posts on alt.destroy.the.internet, tropical bionet, reposts from
Usenet to lists.
24 Spoon collective debate about depth vs. lateriality on lists.
25 xxx and Lord yyy dominating Future Culture at various times -
problems with libertarian/right-wing attitudes. The gun-control debate.
Incoherencies. xxx's posts.
26 Flamewar with Mindvox - Fringeware list siding with xxx. 
27 Continuous New School server problems including bounced messages.
28 Five unsubbings in a row without comment from the Derrida list.
29 The Spoon lists going to closed moderation.
30 Hacking with an Australian message on the Derrida list.
31 My work available on xxx's WWW site.
32 Changes for me in family relations as a result of greater communica-
tion with siblings.
33 Problems with Panix and the SLIP account - no support.
34 xxx's and others' Internet affairs.
35 Sudden moments of personal confession via private email - of loneli-
ness, sadness, loss. Answering condolence posts and telephone calls
in relation to Michael's death. Absence of photographs of Michael.
36 Ntalk with Michael; Panix goes down, I dial in, end up on xxx's
account, in an Ayn Rand IRC talking about screwdrivers. I quit IRC, go
to xxx's ntalk, log in with Michael - who had fingered me, found no
such user.
37 Back and forth with xxx on one 486/66, Mosaic with his picture 
on the other.

___

some of


98734578999875221
ninety-eight quadrillion.
seven hundred thirty-four trillion.
five hundred seventy-eight billion.
nine hundred ninety-nine million.
eight hundred seventy-five thousand.
two hundred twenty-one.
98734578999875220
ninety-eight quadrillion.
seven hundred thirty-four trillion.
five hundred seventy-eight billion.
nine hundred ninety-nine million.
eight hundred seventy-five thousand.
two hundred twenty.
98734578999875219
ninety-eight quadrillion.
seven hundred thirty-four trillion.
five hundred seventy-eight billion.
nine hundred ninety-nine million.
eight hundred seventy-five thousand.
two hundred nineteen.
98734578999875218
ninety-eight quadrillion.
seven hundred thirty-four trillion.
five hundred seventy-eight billion.
nine hundred ninety-nine million.
eight hundred seventy-five thousand.
two hundred eighteen.
98734578999875217
ninety-eight quadrillion.
seven hundred thirty-four trillion.
five hundred seventy-eight billion.
nine hundred ninety-nine million.
eight hundred seventy-five thousand.
two hundred seventeen.
98734578999875216
ninety-eight quadrillion.
seven hundred thirty-four trillion.
five hundred seventy-eight billion.
nine hundred ninety-nine million.
eight hundred seventy-five thousand.
two hundred sixteen.
98734578999875215
ninety-eight quadrillion.
seven hundred thirty-four trillion.
five hundred seventy-eight billion.
nine hundred ninety-nine million.
eight hundred seventy-five thousand.
two hundred fifteen.
98734578999875214
ninety-eight quadrillion.
seven hundred thirty-four trillion.
five hundred seventy-eight billion.
nine hundred ninety-nine million.
eight hundred seventy-five thousand.
two hundred fourteen.
98734578999875213
ninety-eight quadrillion.
seven hundred thirty-four trillion.
five hundred seventy-eight billion.
nine hundred ninety-nine million.
eight hundred seventy-five thousand.
two hundred thirteen.
98734578999875212
ninety-eight quadrillion.
seven hundred thirty-four trillion.
five hundred seventy-eight billion.
nine hundred ninety-nine million.
eight hundred seventy-five thousand.
two hundred twelve.



10 ten 9 nine 8 eight 7 seven 6 six 5 five 4 four

i will not count such further; such worlds will break asunder;
& this has been foretold, such is the destruction of worlds;
it is better to break breath, to cease the act;
what has been foretold has been erased, presence of an empty vessel;
no need to shatter spheres, such would be the innocent; 
that i could not bear the burden; i
t is therefore broken, that one may live longer & in the mercy
& in the mercy of the world, against the laws of the world;
throughout the realms of a breath of shattering; 
throughout the world & each & every of its laws; 
unto the very minor, the tiniest presence or hovering; 
everything unaccountable


-



organism, saying, ending in ellipsis, as if an exhalation, exaltation ...
neither coming to a halt, nor a continuation.
or as if there were a comma, subtle diffusion of the world,

dashing & the gesture of furtherance, expansion, and clear liminal -
burrowing, the movement through apostrophic semi-colon, a beyond;

or the beyond, blank, enunciation of nuance:

not there, bleak, a falling off



_


on-line con-
fession, 'x'

^ :it seems to me that voyeurism is not about sex but about knowledge and
^ :power.voyeurism is an attempt to bridge sex gap between what we imagine
^^:sexre is a critical *moment* which sex voyeur experiences, which
^^:galvanizes him--sex moment of imagined voyeurism.sex voyeur 
^^:of sex visibility and viability of sex prey.sex voyeur relies on a
^^:preparation, sex geometric assertion, with which sex voyeur bolsters
his ^^:so it would seem that sex net makes voyeurs of us all; we
constantly ^^:constantly wryte ourselves, thus hiding sex voyeuristic self
fursexr ^^:simultaneously, because sex voyeurism is so diffuse and
constant, like ^^:voyeur here, anytime, by looking out sex window and
seeing what my ^^^ :> sex voyeur gains knowledge about sex private habits
of those he watches.  ^^^ :voyeurism weren't primarily sexual, sexre would
be a much broader symp- ^^^ :> a slightly different aspect of voyeurism;
you on sex contingent moment, ^^^ :> sex unexpected naked woman in sex
window, and i, on sex voyeur-life, sex ^^^ :> are inseparable.i think this
is particularly sex case in voyeurism ^^^ :> because sex voyeuristic
relation is naturally a thwarted sexual ^^^ :> sexual act of voyeurism to
be "successful," sex sexual need must enter ^^^ :- aggressions,
violations, etc. and for many voyeurs (or myself on those ^^^ :that would
be raping. i think this is way off mark again. in fact voyeur- ^^^ :>
voyeur is ruled by sex watched, in a sense--spellbound, as you say.and ^^^
:> it is this submission to sex watched which impells sex voyeur to know
^^^ :> sex compulsive voyeur may ask: "why do i do it? why do i torture
^^^ :> well here (and elsewhere) we diverge; sex voyeur's transgressive
moment ^^^ :> is amplified and clarified in sex voyeur life.that way of
living ^^^ :voyeurism involves sex illicit, peering, anonymity,
virtuality. ^^^ :^. cuseeme gets closer to voyeurism in sex traditional
sense. ^^^ :^. osexr voyeurism: ^^^ :^. inverted voyeurism: net sex in sex
middle of a postmodern on-line con-

__


from the other


so i would like to add to this confusion: what is the form that one has
in a concussion: sometimes there is madness in contusion: what and clipped
board: what: c: --linux-ComA--- Acrobat3 Blender CYBERMIND Corel Entry
MSOffice My Documents NETWORK Napster Office51 Paint Program Files Quick-
Cam Street SCAR Trace3D Trip adobe adobec asdComAlog ati autoexecComA001
autoexecComAbat b backweb basic bloom bmp book bootlogComAprv bootlogCom-
Atxt c cdrom chtm col commandComAcom commando communit compaq configCom-
Abak configComAsys corel40 course cpqdrv SCAB cpqs crcComAdne cute dance
detlogComAold detlogComAtxt display dnhq dnhqkeyComAkey family fop frame
garbage go hangman history host-news hpc html image ioComAsys kami kiss
kyoko lComAbat lin OPEN WOUND lynx_bookmarksComAhtml mark watching the
skin grow "i can but barely find my way" mc misc mom mon mouse mp msdos-
ComA^^^ msdosComAsys msworks multi mview neotrace new nikuko null old
os303301ComAbin pcplus perth phaser phat ping32 project AMNESIAC qt
quickenw rawriteComAexe rcl recycled red reg render res scandiskComAlog
set sound systemComAsav talk talker time tools trace tracedir tui uedit
videorom- ComAbin win386ComAswp windows xo yamaha zd zip zz home: ftp
ppp95 wtmp lost in these far worlds i can but barely find my way in these
directories as if they were /c/* somewhere in a distance from a linux /


___




sometimes literature is such an enormous gift that one is glad to be
alive.


he takes on a pupil. a young man comes to him and he asks his name. the
young man gives his name, the same as that of the teacher. the young man
learns quickly; he is condescending, always wary. rumors develop in the
community. the teacher, who has always been morose, teaches the pupil
everything he knows. the teacher remembers similar events in his own
youth. the community begins to fall apart; there are two men with the same
name. the teacher banishes his pupil. that night, he begins to laugh.

such is the retelling of the story from Martin Buber, For the Sake of
Heaven. 

what can be taught the bearer of the name? already worlds have been
created and destroyed. there is nothing to teach, nothing transcendent but
the sign which both carry. the gift of teaching ourselves, the gift of
nothing to teach.

you may know that the name of the teacher is Rabbi Jaacob Yitzchak, the
son of Matel, and the name of the student is Jaacob Yitzchak, the son of
Matel.

___


dear god why with joy would i pray to you approaching synagogue and mosque
with what form of breath when it is true i want to see such a world as
perhaps you have created for which i did not ask nor beg so that i need to
travel across this universal creation to bring back within such confines
as my mind possesses all that is extraordinary and all that is ordinary
understanding and then the comprehension of this world itself if not this
world which escapes as such creation retreats before this or any other
knowledge and so shimmering or trembling or fragile as one would not have
been left to believe but as is evidenced in each and every sign you have
given us for all such signs are signs of one sign and each and every sign
returns to that sign and if there is not one sign of the return and the
same sign of the recuperation then to whom do we owe such cause and effect
which both play upon our knowledge of our world and perhaps you would
answer half effaced by our presence that such cause and effect do not
exist and perhaps this answer itself dwells as in fear with you and
perhaps there are no signs languishing and each word trails like a wound a
scar behind it which one calls meaning constantly hurrying and suturing
the world to make a world and a universe to make a universe and thus we
are bound to the work of the world and there are no signs and no prayers
will bring them back and there are no causes and no effects beyond the
imminent and no signs and no prayers will bring them back and prayers will
bring no signs and we do breathe each and every day as if this were all
not so and we shall go out and look upon the wonder and we shall enunciate
the wonder and we shall breathe within the wonder as if it were our own
and we do look up above ourselves to worlds we shall never reach cradling
us against the soft bed of the earth as if looking above were itself such
a sign that is taller than we are tall no matter what means we do employ
always beyond our grasp such as we are and we do need to make you in such
a fashion as that we can go there for we are not so brave

_


would you love me more if this were from jennifer / if this were written
by nikuko lying naked in the arms of doctor leopold konninger, his hand
caressing her erect clit, would you prefer this text to all others / if
furious julu continued this description through the thick and thin of
radical war and revolution, would you be drawn to it / if this were alan
neurotic and insomniac typing away exhausted at a midnight computer
keyboard would your interest increase / if jennifer said she did write
this sitting with her panties wet in a puddly puddle rainstorm would you
want more of her / if nikuko said she were your thing and this was her
gift to you would you turn breathless and trembling / if alan offered you
secret pictures of forbidden acts and if this were his offering and golden
opportunity would you buy into him / if i am azure writing this and giving
you julu for all to see would you buy her / if i am doctor leopold
konninger offering you my holes and the holes of nikuko would you fill
them / if this were signed by the president would you believe in azure /
if alan were offered by jennifer / if jennifer offered to show you those
secrets of azure and nikuko / if julu burned the house and town / if julu
burned the town and city / if azure wanted you / if alan wanted to show
you azure / if jennifer wanted / if you wanted / would you buy this /
would you want more of us / would you take more of us / would you love us
/ would you watch us / would you love us forever

__


jennifer said 'that nikuko told her julu was stalking azure saying alan
be careful of izanagi who has Powers' to herself stalking nikuko gazing 
at izanagi watching julu saying 'alan be careful of jennifer' to herself
staring at nikuko saying 'alan there are Powers' to julu approaching 
azure saying 'jennifer has Powers' to izanagi closing in on nikuko down 
on alan stalking azure touching jennifer saying 'she has Powers' to julu
down there saying 'nikuko told me between one hard breath and another' 
between one hard breath and another 'azure you are being touched' to
jennifer watching alan saying 'jennifer' to nikuko touching azure having
Powers


__


source


Associates, Inc. Ltr of 3/7/91. I continue to move at a slow but steady
pace with your accounts. My understanding is that you remain at high risk
adverity, want to become comfortable with this process of making equity
investments. You also want to keep your current status reasonably high.  
Unless i hear from ou tothe contrary iwill continewith this theme and
pace.  You might look behin dyour back.  Since the firs tof the the year,
the stock market has been extremelyh strong. thus far i have purchased
nine stocks for john's account at at this date all nine have gone up in
value.  but you must be very still. I seriously doubt that i will ever do
that well again.  Recent purchases: Bell Atlantic, GTE, Glaxo, Mylan
Laboratories (generic drugs)  AMP (electrical connectors). & Pesticides:  
He uses 1) Cygon (specific for spider mites, on boxwoods), 2) Malathion,
and 3) "Dormant Spray"  (oil-miscable) between Jan-March.  He also uses
Diazon, Malath ion and Carboryl) NB Carboryl is generic for Sevin. Update:
He says Diazon actually is the right one. & J. Smyte says Jagdeesh is
preparing a proposal for Albright to give to VP on us-sov joint appoint-
ments for professors.  AJ says he will take it to Rob Lever. What are we
going to do with $ 74 million? & LD, OES/EHC does tropical forests.  
x-6-2134, Rm.1341 TEMPERATURE F = C*9/5+32 C = (F-32)*5/9 & State Dept.
Map Annex RE:  JZ; World-wide map of Foreign Service Posts 7/15:  John
says maps probably will be ready sometime in September. & SOFTWARE
**5-22-91 Get for Joanne: Intelligent Tutor (Apple/IBM), consists of
Learning Series: Pre-Algebra, Alg.I, Geometry (all three for $119); and
Mastry Series: pre-alg., alg.I, geometry, Alg II, trig an d advanced
topics, Intro calc, SAT math (any 5 for $269)  Intelligent Software, Inc.  
9609 Cypress Ave., Munster, IN 46321 800/521-4518 & "Quick Reference"
pulls up a preselected item from the User Stack upon pressing a function
key; it inserts the item on current screen or stack. Return to screen by
pressing Esc. see manual? & Vasjav, in Detroit (sister Ljubica) Tel
313/487-9214 c/o JZ 121 Linhurst Detroit, MI 48211 Write letter from vas.
to embassy explaining request for annual leave plus leave w/o pay to
complete courses and reurn end of May. FAX to her in detroit.  return jn's
call in Saganaw at the college. August & Remember Ten Brink, private
marketing consultant, 813/647-1213, referred by JPL INR/EC (4949), who had
been approached by Kurchatov Institite on selling high technology to the
US.  Some sale items related to superconducting technology (SSC?). Shestov
seemed genuine, mentioned more realistic opportunities in soviet techno-
logy for medical "imaging" centers, fertilizers, packaged hydrogen;  
Conversion potential? 4/91. & American Embassy APO New York, NY 09862 (for
Kiev) Phone: 832-1913 Street Address: #13 Netyastov St., 2nd Floor Kiev. &
Kagramanov, Semyon eye surgeon recommended by the Russian/German girl i
met on plane from Moscow to Frankfurt, who had successful operation on her
near sightedness. & F2 - brings up menu-bar template Edit-F2 - enables
search function in current window.  EDIT COMMANDS IN INFO SELECT:  Ctrl-
arrow: move cursor one word.  Fn-end/home: move to end of line Ctrl-T:
delete word Ctrl-Y: delete line # What happened to the world that the
window is necessary? Certainly there is more to do than to kill humans in
order for others to survive. Honestly, I fear for human survival. I would
say more but it is unclear that I will be allowed to continue in this
fashion. It is a very frightening fashion. There are signs that none of us
will survive.  Health problems 5/12/2000: Sleeplessness Heartburn Urinary
Problems & How should we balance US international resour e policies with
countries' technology-driven economic development?  Factors: agreement on
"technology policy, measurement (metric) policy, and standards;  Debt for
science swaps, bilateral endowments for S&T exchange activites;  Multila-
teral/Regional approaches; find Shestov.

_


                        *****Nobody's Perfect!*****

What happens when the Biograph Girl meets the Downtown Kid? There's music
in the making in this gaudy film starring It Girl Clara Bow! I can't tell
you the ending, but it's S'Marvelleuse! The point of it all is that 
                        *****Nobody's Perfect!*****
The new musical, brought to you by those to happy-go-lucky Tin-Pan-Alley
cohorts, Sammy Nelson and Dave Galloway! You won't want to miss a second
of this light-hearted romp, guaranteed to bring a smile to your face! Get
away from the war for an evening and see Nobody's Perfect! Exclusive
presentation by MGM, seating available on first-come first-serve basis.
                        *****Nobody's Perfect!*****



                       *****Show-Biz Cowboy!******

Action Gunfight with a Happy Ending? Think this is Impossible? Come see 
                       *****Show-Biz Cowboy!******
Starring L'Incroyable - John De'War! All the Action expected with the
Ravishing Gabriella Chen! There's never been anything like it in Filmdom!
                       *****Show-Biz Cowboy!******
brings you Non-Stop Activity directed by Sidney Sheldon! Confidential
says - If you like Action and see just one Film this Year, make it
                       *****Show-Biz Cowboy!******



              ******Svengali!!! Le Sorcier de Menlo Parc!******

From!! Cinecitta!!! One-time Anglo-American Run!!! Everyone's Cineamour,
Beaumont Olympiad, the Franco-Greek sensation, in!!! : 
              ******Svengali!!! Le Sorcier de Menlo Parc!******
Cinecitta Roma has Never misled you! This CineTour is no Exception! 
Come see the Beautiful Marmel d'Estoire Captivated as Trilby by the Dark
Mysterious Svengali as he Creates Electric Light to see her Better,
Phonograph to Capture Tribly's Unbelievably Hypnotic Voice, Cinematograph
to Delineate Her Every Form! Watch!!!
              ******Svengali!!! Le Sorcier de Menlo Parc!******
Play his Centuries-Old Stradivarius, Coaxing Her to even Greater Heights!
And Gaze upon the Fantastic Double Suicides in this Masterpiece of Cinema,
              ******Svengali!!! Le Sorcier de Menlo Parc!******
Not yet Rated, Religious Content, some Anti-Semitism
              ******Svengali!!! Le Sorcier de Menlo Parc!******


__


                    !!!!!THE!!!!!SILENT!!!!!FILM!!!!!


The gag-men said to the Biograph Girl, we got to get some Keystone Cops,
half the extras are on a break, the Fall Guy ran away with the Script
Girl, and we have a film to make! The Continuity Girl called for Kelly 
L'Impossible, more Sex Appeal than BB. The Foley made the horse carry her
in, Continuity said, it's a silent film. See The Silent Film by Sidney
Sheldon. What makes this film so special? Absolutely silent, filmed in
Victor Sound, a single Foley Hoofbeat Enlivens the action. One waits for
this marvelous sound of a Hoof against stone, which is when Kelly L'Im-
possible comes into the Studio. The gag-men are Astonished by this Make-
believe, One can only Wonder how Beckett's Film ever Survived such
Astonishment. 

La Divine, one of the true Bathing Beauties of the Celluloid World, stars
in Dolly-Shot, a short Moving Tribute to L'Impossible, known as The Film
Within the Film. L'Impossible stars Marmel d'Estoire, best known for her
Trilby to Svengali's Edison. Dolly Shot is shot in Cinerama, temporarily
expanding the Aspect Ratio of The Silent Film to fulfill Dolly-Shot. One
can only Wonder how Gance's Napoleon ever Survived such Cinemagic!

See !!!!!THE!!!!!SILENT!!!!!FILM!!!!! at a Theater Near you! Travel to a
Theater Equipped for Sound! You will not be Disappointed.


_

'Kay?


"The K is an unnatural letter; in cursive, it lacks proper structure and
always seems out of place, foreign, a poor substitute for C, which it-
self has problems (S or K). At the end of a word, sicK, it needs rein-
forcements, insisting on accompaniment - C dragged in at every conceiv-
able moment. Think of the Kalends, inserting themselves into English, as
if in disguise against the fiction of a natural language. G arrived late
as well; W is a composite; F and S, J and I, U and V, begin in utter
confusion. But it is the K which gnaws away, one stick bending towards the
other, memories of totemic sexualities, Cul-Calends." 

My Father, reading Shandy, wrote this of a piece. Think of my Father, his
mind turned towards untoward stars, ill-conceived himself, losing his way
in etymologies he could not and would not comprehend. Better to live out-
side the Letter of the Law, he would insist, than submit to the Tyranny of
Letters. Nightly he would dream of writing down his nightly dreams; daily
he would search for pen-and-paper unraveling his secret life.

There is a story I must tell you, but it too becomes unraveled; how can it
be otherwise? The sweep of our London streets reveals, revales, the
fragility of the tenuous creations of the night: walk a block and notice
how the world _insists_ at every step. There is the awKwardness of let-
ters as well, pointing towards themselves with crooked fingers; nothing
survives speech, and writing is all make-believe. I say to you, reading
these in a foreign tongue, this is literally incomprehensible, unfathom-
able, and to the extent you cannot read this, cannot understand the words
and letters, you have understood me correctly,

So that now, in the midst of multiple abandonments, I, Jennifer, shall go
and play oK?

__




The Older Machines


I use older machines, update them, on this 286 loaded DOS 5 over DOS 4,
set up ANSI.SYS, things like that, it to runs faster, using Word Perfect
5.1, there's only 20 megabytes of memory on top of 640 k RAM, but that
doesn't seem to matter. It came, not only with all those older files from
the previous owner and his family, but also with strange software, such as
Grammatik 4, which I have been experimenting with. So I am given the odd
opportunity of inhabiting these older programs - which take up almost no
space at all - seeing what they are capable of, working at the textual
limits; this fascinates me, since it allows me to work constantly on new
texts. As Serres said in relation to Lucretius, hereby modified - I'm
given the opportunity to construct a dialog, not with the past, but with a
contemporary that has appeared in my midst; if I can retain the sense of
wonder, it's all worthwhile. It's also fascinating to impede the ecology
of waste that characterizes electronic technology at the moment; this
machine is more than adequate, at 12 megahertz, for working through
text-based programs, just to watch them run, to read and write on a screen
which serves no other purpose. Again for example ASCII escape codes come
in handy; I can render my own text blinking or invisible - for that
matter, the entire computer interface blinking or invisible. What does it
mean to see a screen pulsing, writing in-between the blanks? I can
speculate, but I can also inhabit this organism, dialog - and the thinner
it is, the more it is capable of surrounding me, and the more the text/ure
rises to the surface. Not history, but living in the bones; not bones, but
the gristle itself. I have little of the antiquarian in me, and any exten-
sion of thinking-thus is always useful, restoring the letter as well.





channelings, murmurs


subterranean domains of the imaginary -
word islandings of interrelations apparently crossing indo-european 
roots.
poetry operates, not through the surface of words, but through their
islandings.
each of the lines below represent a close-knit family of usages.
their indo-european origins tend to wander from the islands.
the measure of all islands is the measure of culture.
poetry is motivated by the measure of culture and swimmings.
other languages are similar - look at the wildly disparate kanji for
romaji words of similar meanings and pronunciations.
we can call all of these satellite sememes.
i say: language, poetry, has no center, nothing beyond the sememes and
their interrelated streamings.
there are many more than the below; some of the examples may seem far-
fetched; one has to look beneath the surface oneself.

wiggle jiggle giggle waggle jaggle gaggle haggle (see below also)
skitter scatter stutter spatter sputter
flitter flutter pitter-patter mutter
bog sog fog nog quagmire slog
bump dump lump sump mump hump jump rump
ill spill kill pill
nub bub lob sub grub hub / mud dud flood cud
bangle jangle slang bang rang clang
bick(er) flick lick / kick / stick pick dick (around)
swagger haggle jagged ragged wagged fragged
worn torn forlorn mourn morn shorn fear
squash swish swash awash quash smash splash dash flash flush
root rote mood soot foot hut fruit
rough stuff gruff tough snuff
edge ledge nudge judge ridge fledg(ling)
stew rue mew mewl 
carry tarry hurry dally (?) lull (?) rally sally tally
swim sweat swell(ing) swine swoon
mount fount bount(iful) haunt taunt (?) pounce (?)
little whittle spittle fiddle (around) middle riddle
harken earth art hearth forth (go) froth murk mark (?)

in some cases, suffixes suffice for the determination; in others, how-
ever, the means are literally subterranean. these associative word com-
plexes point to more than history or origin; they resonate across issues
of being and its metaphysics. 

_


Love

Ghosts: I set up Phatlinux again, in order to reconfigure gimp and pppd, 
and looked at the wtmp; it's always fascinating when a log begins some-
where else, when someone else is root, when another year has gone by - a
partial recording of past events smoothly segueing into the present, as if
no one could tell - but for the hiatus between October and May ...

Now early-root is hard-encoded onto cdrom, her/his activities everywhere
visible, hiding behind the origin of all things...

Whoever you are, you must be Azure. I love you. Why do you keep crashing?
Me, I don't know my way so well around the system. I see you pushing it to
the limits. I hear your cries in hot Julys.

root     tty1        Wed May 17 22:32   still logged in
root     tty4        Wed May 17 22:27 - crash  (00:00)
root     tty3        Wed May 17 22:27 - crash  (00:00)
root     tty2        Wed May 17 22:26 - crash  (00:01)
root     tty1        Mon Oct 18 16:44 - crash  (00:00)
root     tty3        Mon Oct 18 16:37 - crash  (00:00)
root     tty3        Mon Oct 18 16:34 - 16:37  (00:03)
root     tty1        Mon Jul 26 09:28 - 09:28  (00:00)
root     tty1        Mon Jul 26 09:10 - crash  (00:11)
root     tty1        Sun Jul 25 08:09 - crash  (00:03)
root     tty1        Sun Jul 25 08:05 - 08:09  (00:04)

wtmp begins Sun Jul 25 08:05:23 1999


___

deaths, jews, mothers


it's inconceivable that the synagogues have vanished, that one waits for
another, that the other suffocates; there are forces on earth; i turn
towards my mother, speaking mother, it is just hours later, a colder
day, there is no answer; i made my peace; she didn't know she had been
moved from hospital to hospice; we reside in the hospice; there are great
forces beneath the ground, great forces in the air; we see asteroids
turning slowly, irrevocably; the earth is held in a skein, drawn towards
the sun which shall destroy it; it lives among the ruptured boulders of
the universe, intersects them; its gravity is paltry; it's inconceivable
that this morning shall not return; that this letter shall be lost among
the others; that the knowledges of logic are not ontologically constitu-
ting; that nothing is created, nor destroyed; that it is all at best con-
tiguous:

that the knowledge of logic does not constitute creation nor survival

that the synagogues and libraries have vanished, that the universities are
no more

one's life is continuous lamentation, worlds disappearing forever, worlds
forever disappearing, what is irrevocable, cannot be called, i cannot
reach into the hinge or twin of me, sometimes at night there are whispers,
murmurs, whole worlds churning, worlds whirling, their angular momentum
the platen of holy letters:

singing that the knowledge of logic does not create, that an empty sieve
thirsts for entities, that materials slough through runnels and channels

singing that the languages are no more, that the last creature's eye has
closed, that the wind is raw, that the universities were never sufficient

that the worlds were never sufficient, that richness lay within them, that
one closes the eyes of the mother, parts her hair on her deathbed, that
creation cannot move a second beneath the eye of creation, that the eye is
always closed

singing that the languages are closed, that forgetting is perfect sleep
and matter, that to someone it is inconceivable that the synagogues have
vanished, that to someone there is the prayer of a name and a forgotten
date, that to someone there are the smells and sounds of the halls of
libraries and universities, that one is always waiting, waiting upon, that
there is never a reply,

singing that the knowledge of logic does not constitute creation or
survival

that i am spanning, that my spanning is ending, that i can clearly see
the ending, that there are so many paths, that there are names calling
across them, that there are sounds of inconceivable animals, that the
plants, too, bend their leaves and stems, that the world begins its
shuddering, that it is inconceivable that one speaks, or that there is 
yet or still another:

singing that the breath stops, that the hospice is still, in the night,
still yet in the morning and afternoon, that the knowledge of logic


-


impossible to write these days   unsettling gloom, clouds overhead   one
awaits the coming of the asteroid   cancers eating away before the
enormous descent   i dream of crags and peaks approaching   if not that
something mute, suffocated discord, collapsed lungs and bridges   if not
that something else   something unutterable   living on the tip of the
blade   beneath, everything sliding upon the earth   plastics and
microchips   walking out in the street it occurs, just a small stone will
end my world   my body's impossible keeping   to reach anything one has
to use the whip   this switch moves something completely out of sight
the more one learns, the smaller the gains, the less the future   like
great teeth, a future being   that also passes   sooner or later, viruses,
claws, cracked gourds, clouds and never any sun   the comet, the comet,
the plague, the plague   easements   one has to be blind to things, to
being   being's muteness   at night, i try to sleep, i think, asteroid, 
the asteroid 


__


& coming down with mountains scraping my skin   & hanging rocks falling,
& pebbles, boulders   & rivers soaking me, leaving their beds   covered 
in algaes, & hearing there are other things in the world   & sadness of
asteroid life, & names lost crumbling on dark mattress   & my mouth full-
silted, & tree-crowns piercing the skull   & enormous pressure, steamed &
vapored metals, magmas sintered & blown   & i am at the center of this
darkening earth   & ending of all life & recognition 


_


Filmophobe


Personne n'est parfait.

Who is an intellectual in this culture? Who speaks for whom? What is the
role of theory? What does it mean to be engaged? What does it mean to
destroy? 

Bougie

Who is excluded by what means? Who owns the words I speak? What does it
mean to be locked out? What does it mean to starve? What does it mean to
dream of dying?

Vedette invitee

What do we do to crash your language? What does it mean to steal your
words? How can we shut you up and force you to listen? Why do you think
you have any answers at all? Beyond your cash, why do you think you
have the right to exist? Why do you think you even know the questions?

Le regard

How can we stop your look at the surface of the skin? How can we make
ourselves invisible? How can we violate your robbed speech? How can we
destroy so that we may speak?

Silence, on tourne!

Don't tell me when to speak. Your academy is alive and well. It will die
only with destruction. You will hear only when you are destroyed, when the
blood screams in your ears.

Ecran divise

There is no split screen; there are only bodies, tied, held in bondage;
there are only holes and ears held open by force; there is only emptiness
and death waiting in the wings.

Deux ou trois choses que je sais de

You talk as if we were stupid. You talk in our absence, fill our bodies
with words as if you were the revolution. You stifle any revolution, flay
our bodies in revolt, wear our skins. You are only good in our disguise. 

Film-catastrophe

This film is a catastrophe. The extras remain outside. You brush the hair
out of each other's eyes. You have eyes only for each other. You fuck
power, not bodies. You believe in truth on the bodies of others.

Film de route ou d'errance

You travel safely from assignation to assignation. You pride yourself in
your set speech, your appearance. You ignore the road-kill. We place wires
across the road, you will catch us in your headlights, you will be
devoured.

Sequence

You will continue forever. The wires are a trick in the emulsion. They
catch nothing. You continue to speak; in our worst dreams, we do not dream
of your destruction. That is our calling: to applaud you. In our worst
dreams.

Fin d'un enchantement, le retour a la realite

You are broadband, you are almost real. The film has come to a close; the
theater has burned, there are no replacement parts. At the table, destroy,
she said; no one listened; someone disconnected.


_


Filmophobe ii


Films non-parlants

is about those of us thinking about the world without the money to do so.
Where did economics come into the picture? What sorts of exclusionary
practices, or practices of reproduction and mediation, have become nece-
ssary - to the extent that economic filtering becomes viable?

Brillouin years ago described the universe in terms which brought econ-
omics into the equation: as particle accelerators and detectors grew
larger and more expensive, the results became more anomalous and entic-
ing. One can speculate that there is a correlation between expense and
result, that the results will continue to unravel the results, that
economics will continue to unravel economics, within a general tendency 
to increase. 

In other words, economics plays a possible role in the very description
of the physical world; one might say the same, for example, in the con-
stant search for larger prime numbers, which is dependent both on algo-
rithm and technology.

Further, one can extrapolate towards the theoretical humanities; here,
the constant refining is dependent both on the economics of schooling and
institutional theoretization. This dependency is taken as natural, part 
of the organization of the world and its discursive formations. And it
is borne along in the general overflow of post-late-capital into and 
within subjects and subjectivities - all of which are taken for granted,
just as the 'natural' becomes deconstructed in favor of a generalized
and politicized manageriality.

So that the excluded are naturally excluded, no matter who or what appears
to be holding the reins. And those who are naturally excluded are borne by
the stigmata of lack of degrees, poverty, problematic discourse; after
all, they were not tamed or tuned by the academy, and, outside or other,
remain to problematize the same.

Meanwhile the academy, which has always embraced totality, if only to de-
construct it, theorizes the excluded as well, embracing terminologies of
multiculturalisms, radicalisms, Levinasian alterities, as if something is
being accomplished - besides the continuation of the usual barriers.

Within the academy, the usual (again) self-congratulation on liberality
and attempt; outside the academy, the usual (again) nomadic behaviors,
neuroses, poverty, and irritability, on the part of those who dare to call
themselves intellectuals (without the proper academic legitimation).

So it continues across the boards (of directors and directives) in this
fashion, rage and alienation notwithstanding.

To be controlled in the name of liberality or the deconstruction of truth
is still to be controlled; to be oppressed by the language of the 'gener-
ous' other is at best a mockery.

FIN, un reveil douloureux


__


Correction


Filmophobe 1 Correction

lk:8: [Who is -> (often superfluous)] an intellectual in this culture?

lk:8: Who speaks for [whom -> (often incorrectly used for "who")]?

lk:12: Bougie [Who is -> (often superfluous)] excluded by what means?

lk:21: How [can -> (do not confuse with "may")] we shut you up and force
you to listen?

lk:25: Le regard How [can -> (do not confuse with "may")] we stop your
look at the surface of the skin?

lk:27: How [can -> (do not confuse with "may")] we make ourselves
invisible?

lk:28: How [can -> (do not confuse with "may")] we violate your robbed
speech?

lk:28: How [can -> (do not confuse with "may")] we destroy so that we [may
-> = Do not confuse with "can".] speak?

lk:33: It [will -> (shall is sometimes used with first person pronouns and
the future tense. It expresses something you believe will happen, not
something that you are determined to do. A drowning man shouts: "I shall
drown, no one will save me!")] die [only -> Put "only" right before the
word it modifies.] with destruction.

lk:34: You [will -> (shall is sometimes used with first person pronouns
and the future tense. It expresses something you believe will happen, not
something that you are determined to do. A drowning man shouts: "I shall
drown, no one will save me!")] hear [only -> Put "only" right before the
word it modifies.] when you are destroyed, when the blood screams in your
ears.

lk:37: Ecran divise [There is -> (a dead phrase; rewrite the sentence and
it will probably improve)] no split screen; [there are -> (a dead phrase;
rewrite the sentence and it will probably improve)] [only -> Put "only"
right before the word it modifies.] bodies, tied, held in bondage; [there
are -> (a dead phrase; rewrite the sentence and it will probably improve)]
[only -> Put "only" right before the word it modifies.] holes and ears
held open by force; [there is -> (a dead phrase; rewrite the sentence and
it will probably improve)] [only -> Put "only" right before the word it
modifies.] emptiness and death waiting in the wings.

lk:47: You are [only -> Put "only" right before the word it modifies.]
good in our disguise.

lk:52: You have eyes [only -> Put "only" right before the word it
modifies.] for each other.

lk:58: We place wires across the road, you [will -> (shall is sometimes
used with first person pronouns and the future tense. It expresses
something you believe will happen, not something that you are determined
to do. A drowning man shouts: "I shall drown, no one will save me!")]
catch us in your headlights, you [will -> (shall is sometimes used with
first person pronouns and the future tense. It expresses something you
believe will happen, not something that you are determined to do. A
drowning man shouts: "I shall drown, no one will save me!")] be devoured.

lk:62: Sequence You [will -> (shall is sometimes used with first person
pronouns and the future tense. It expresses something you believe will
happen, not something that you are determined to do. A drowning man
shouts: "I shall drown, no one will save me!")] continue forever.

lk:64: [They -> (do not use as substitute for "each, each one, everybody,
every one, anybody, any one, somebody, some one")] catch nothing.

lk:71: The film has come to a close; the theater has burned, [there are ->
(a dead phrase; rewrite the sentence and it will probably improve)] no
replacement parts.

lk:72: At the table, destroy, she said; no [one -> When used as a pronoun,
it must be used consistently: One must manage one's money carefully.]
listened; someone disconnected.

28 phrases in 50 sentences found.
readability grades:
        Kincaid: 2.6
        ARI: 2.5
        Coleman-Liau: 8.5
        Flesch Index: 92.6
        Fog Index: 5.4
        1. WSTF Index: 0.6
        Wheeler-Smith Index: 4.0 = below school year 5
        Lix: 21.8 = below school year 5
        SMOG-Grading: 6.5
sentence info:
        1883 characters
        457 words, average length 4.12 characters = 1.24 syllables
        50 sentences, average length 9.1 words
        20% (10) short sentences (at most 4 words)
        2% (1) long sentences (at least 19 words)
        14 paragraphs, average length 3.6 sentences
        20 questions, 5 imperatives
        longest sent 35 wds at sent 27; shortest sent 3 wds at sent 22

Filmophobe ii Correction

ww:2: Filmophobe ii Films non-parlants is about those of us thinking about
the world without the money to do [so -> (do not use as intensifier)].

ww:12: Brillouin years ago described the universe in terms [which -> (use
"that" if clause is restrictive)] brought econ- omics into the equation:

ww:15: [One -> When used as a pronoun, it must be used consistently: One
must manage one's money carefully.] [can -> (do not confuse with "may")]
speculate that [there is -> (a dead phrase; rewrite the sentence and it
will probably improve)] a correlation [between -> (choose "between" 2
options and "among" 3 or more)] expense and result, that the results [will
-> (shall is sometimes used with first person pronouns and the future
tense. It expresses something you believe will happen, not something that
you are determined to do. A drowning man shouts: "I shall drown, no one
will save me!")] continue to unravel the results, that economics [will ->
(shall is sometimes used with first person pronouns and the future tense.
It expresses something you believe will happen, not something that you are
determined to do. A drowning man shouts: "I shall drown, no one will save
me!")] continue to unravel economics, within a general tendency to
increase.

ww:20: In other words, economics plays a possible role in the [very ->
(use sparingly and emphasize by strong in themselves)] description of the
physical world; [one -> When used as a pronoun, it must be used
consistently: One must manage one's money carefully.] [might -> (do not
confuse with "may")] say the same, for example, in the con- stant search
for larger prime numbers, [which -> (use "that" if clause is restrictive)]
is dependent both on algo- rithm and technology.

ww:25: [Further -> "Farther" denotes distance, "further" denotes time or
quantity.], [one -> When used as a pronoun, it must be used consistently:
One must manage one's money carefully.] [can -> (do not confuse with
"may")] extrapolate towards the theoretical humanities; here, the constant
refining is dependent both on the economics of schooling and institutional
theoretization.

ww:27: This dependency is taken as natural, part of the organization of
the world and [its -> = "it is" or "its"?] discursive formations.

ww:28: And it is borne along in the general overflow of post-late-capital
into and within subjects and subjectivities - all of [which -> (use "that"
if clause is restrictive)] are taken for granted, just as the 'natural'
becomes deconstructed in favor of a generalized and politicized
manageriality.

ww:35: And those who are naturally excluded are borne by the stigmata of
lack of degrees, poverty, problematic discourse; after all, [they -> (do
not use as substitute for "each, each one, everybody, every one, anybody,
any one, somebody, some one")] were not tamed or tuned by the academy,
and, outside or other, remain to problematize the same.

ww:40: Meanwhile the academy, [which -> (use "that" if clause is
restrictive)] has always embraced totality, if [only -> Put "only" right
before the word it modifies.] to de- construct it, theorizes the excluded
as well, embracing terminologies of multiculturalisms, radicalisms,
Levinasian alterities, as if something is being [accomplished -> did] -
besides the continuation of the usual barriers.

ww:45: Within the academy, the usual (again) self-congratulation on
liberality and [attempt -> try]; outside the academy, the usual (again)
nomadic behaviors, neuroses, poverty, and irritability, [on the part of ->
by, among, for] those who dare to call themselves intellectuals (without
the proper academic legitimation).

ww:50: [So -> (do not use as intensifier)] it continues across the boards
(of directors and directives) in this fashion, rage and alienation
notwithstanding.

24 phrases in 15 sentences found.
readability grades:
        Kincaid: 15.3
        ARI: 16.7
        Coleman-Liau: 14.9
        Flesch Index: 33.5
        Fog Index: 19.1
        1. WSTF Index: 3.6
        Wheeler-Smith Index: 56.0 = higher than school year 10
        Lix: 59.8 = higher than school year 11
        SMOG-Grading: 16.0
sentence info:
        2116 characters
        406 words, average length 5.21 characters = 1.72 syllables
        15 sentences, average length 27.1 words
        53% (8) short sentences (at most 22 words)
        33% (5) long sentences (at least 37 words)
        10 paragraphs, average length 1.5 sentences
        2 questions, 2 imperatives
        longest sent 41 wds at sent 6; shortest sent 7 wds at sent 2

___


History

My mother was dying in the hospice; I went in through the doors, found
myself unable to proceed. There was fluorescent light, red and chrome
style. I did leave distraught. I did go back to sleep. Later, my father
was in the hospice; I went in again through the doors, found myself unable
to proceed. I simply could not. I did go back to sleep. Later, I was sit-
ting at the kitchen table with my sister in the house we grew up in. There
was a rare program on television. I did insist on taping it, knowing in
ten years we would want to see how we lived. Storm clouds were gathering
outside. I say outside because this was not an argument. Children came in
who were related to us; my sister did ask them to be quiet. The young girl
was upset, and when my sister did leave, I said to her, my sister was just
like you. We all had to be quiet because the tape machine had a live mike
and it would pick up everything we said as well as the program. I noticed
I held the mike and it was disconnected and we could make much sound in
the present-day and I woke up.

__

the moon is waning
the moon is waning again
it is slowly darkening
it is darkening again
soon it will become full and light
soon everything will be visible
we don't have to pay for it, ya!
we don't have to pay for it, ya!
the moon is waning again

__



When It Comes


Jennifer places her vibrator against her clit, descending slightly into
her cunt. Alan places his vibrator against his cock, ascending slightly
towards the opening. They remain still, holding the machines, which hum
softly, moving in and out of phase. There is no other movement.

Surface against surface, Jennifer says, the interior of her body turned
towards impenetrable desires. Their bodies arch back in amazement. A
moment of absolute stealth, Alan says, his interior transformed towards
extasis. We are the same, they cry, phase-locked, motionless, mute,
entasic.

Jennifer and Alan hear each other within the choir of the machine; they
come as batteries expel the last embers of current. They are locked in
each other arms; their nails have drawn blood. We are bruised membranes,
molecular bubbles, they sing. They create a ballad of longing, drawing
others to them. The world is full of appearance.

Jennifer thinks, perhaps I should say more, her body arched higher, her
labia swollen, cauterized vibrator by her side. Alan thinks, there are
apparitions, peerings, appearances, his chest and face damp with cum,
castrated machine by his hole. They think, the others will figure and
configure. A perfect moment, electrostatic, neurotic. The world is full 
of appearances. 

_


A Long Sentence!


Jennifer smiles and says, "Do see the words I learn! Here is very many new
actant aether alterities Amidah avatar avatars BBS bricolage bushido cast-
rated cd cdrom CEN Centre chora clots coherencies com Compaq consensuali-
ties cordons cunt cunts Cybermind cyberspace decathexis deconstructed de-
construction defuge Derrida dhtml diegesis diegetic differend disassociat-
ing effusions emanants emergences empathetic empathized entasic extasis
extensivity extrusions feedforward filmmaker filmstock fingerboard geomat-
ics gesturally gigabytes gridlines halfgroupoid hirself holarchy htm html
http hyperreality i'd ikonic imaginaries incompletes indexicality internet
interpenetrating introjections isp izanagi javascript jennifer judgmental
julu Kebara linux literarily machinic magatama morphing morphs ms Mt mult-
iculturalisms nakasukawabata Nara Netscape nikuko Nikuko's nostalgias NYC
panix particulation paysage peerings perl phenomenologist poolings post-
modern postmodernity primordials protolanguage qbasic realspace rebirths
rills RNA runnels sed shakuhachi shamisen shimenawa signifiers sions Snox-
fly sondheim sourcess spam stromatolite subgroupoids subjectivities sub-
texted Sysadmins teleologies thanatopoesis tion tions trAce traceroute
tracert tropes ulpan unfoldings unhinging URL URLs vicodin voiceovers VRML
webboard Webpage Webpages wetware wetwares worlding wryting www yamabushi
and ytalk!"


---



typing pattern

a naked little woman b naked sexy woman c naked dirty woman d naked sexy
woman f naked sexy woman g naked sexy woman h happy sexy woman i happy
dirty woman j happy sexy woman, jennifer just doesn't want to move! k
dirty sexy man l dirty naked man m dirty sexy man n dirty sexy man o dirty
naked man p dirty naked man q happy little man r happy sexy man s happy
naked man t happy sexy man u dirty sexy man v happy sexy man w happy naked
man x happy naked man y dirty sexy man z happy naked man, alan just wants
to stay there!

_



A Kaddish


diary.txt:parents this weekend as well, my mother's eightieth birthday,
diary.txt:got from his mother - he died almost five and a half years ago.
diary.txt:with the loft still in pieces and my mother's illness, I
diary.txt:Monday the 27th towards evening; my mother should be all right,
diary.txt:worried about my mother all day long, the operation was a
diary.txt:not thinking. Waiting to hear news about my mother. Reading
diary.txt:Tomorrow we find out the condition of my mother, what the tests 
diary.txt:suddenly reversed as well, my mother getting better, health on
diary2.txt:Reading as usual today, helped my mother
diary2.txt:the spectral mother all over again, voices, voices, voices
diary3.txt:little bit of telecommuting work to do. My mother's back in the
diary3.txt:I just found out my mother's extremely ill. I don't need to say
diary3.txt:We told him about the state of my mother. We also
diary3.txt:what I'm feeling is in regard to this and my mother's illness,
diary3.txt:and my mother, my mother ...

Coda

towards my mother, speaking mother, it is colder hours later, 
one closes the eyes of the mother, parts her hair on her deathbed, 
my mother was dying in the hospice; I went in through the doors,

and towards my mother, my mother


______


damaged life


someone dies, it's a movement of the lips: language of tune or song,
language of truth. for when someone dies, there is the sign of speech,
and that is about it. and when this happens, there is always an absence,
always one less shadow to contend with. and you will try and bring back
that shadow in as many ways as possible, fill in the outlines, until the
world outside begins to change as well. and when that happens, there
will be no place for the shadow, there will be nothing but emptiness,
and for a while there will be images and things and names. and then the
images and things and names will disappear as well, and you will know
all of this because you will be on the cusp of the shadow. you will see
someone slipping away into the shadow. you will see the shadow growing
faint, but you will not see the background coming forward, as if there
were translucency; instead, there will be a faintness, and the buzz of
the world everywhere, louder and louder, as if you are being drowned.
and for you the world will consist of such drownings, you will be gasp-
ing for the sound of air, for the pleasure of a breath. and you will
know at this very moment that the cusp is permanent, that the world is
constituted by such cusps, that, for you, the world rasps against
itself, that this is the nature of the world. for something familiar is
gone forever, and the new things that appear around you are increasingly
uncanny, on the other of the fantasm; it is as if they were intent on
corroding whatever has been real. and it will be their triumph in the
very long run; there will be only fantasms and then there will be
nothing at all, and no deaths, not even slow churnings. but you cannot
imagine that, so you will continue to sing the language of truth, as if
this language, this singing, were a consideration, and you are dreaming
when you think, as long as there is breath. but what the world is, what
the world always is, is louder and louder, and increasing buzz. and
there is no room for thinking the death for which you are witness; there
is buzz alone, and nothing can be thought, not now, not forever. (i will
think of this when i write this, when i send this missive to you, as a
flood of words, as a memorial to an other time, as a memorial to times
in which deaths occurred, which seemed to be remembered.)

__


Shutdown


e zz
The command line prompt needs no help form you^^^^^^^rom you. There is
the c^signal C:\ and the signal {k:1:^} and the signal D> and the signal
telnet> and af^^upon the arrival of the signal, there is the entrance.
The entrance id^s deter- mined by the position of the prompt uponthe^^^
the page; it is there that you may make your statement, your commands;
it is there that you may enter tenxt, m^^^^^^xt, may finger-dance upon
your keyboard. From that moment on, it is a sis^nisiter. It^^^^^^^^ter.
It is a sinister because it is neither below nor adjacent; it may be
anywhere; it may be upon the movement of the arrow keys, or the
enter/return key; it may be nowhere at all; it may lock itself up; it
may close itself down. But just for aninstant^^^^^^^ instant, there you
are in control.^^^^^^^^^ cont-rol^^^^^^^^^ cont- rol. For example, if
you enter dir *, then you will have a directory and another command
lie^^^^^^^^^^^prompt. But if you enter /usr/games/hangman, then you
h^will have a dash ed line to fill, you will have a noose around your
neck, clso^^osing in a^on you, you will have the alphabet at your
disposal, one letter or^^at a time. Or you may enter yes at the prompt,
watch the high-speed scrolling and your inability, for the most part, to
stop it, until you carsh yo^^^^^^^rash out of the machine or switch to
another screen. Yo^^Or you may enter kill -0 or some such and find
yourself out of the program altogether, exiting, with nowhere to go but
reboot or re-enter, depending on your rakig. ^^^^^nking.

You may find yourself at the top of thepage, a^^^^^^^ screen, and you
may find yourself^^^^^^^^^ your- self at the bottom. You may find
insct^^tructions waiting for you, or you may have no clue whatsoever,
despeatel^^^^rately trying control-d, control-c, control-x, bye, quit,
exit, logout, all to no avail. You may find your- self at themercy of
the machine, and it is then that you crash out ndb^^^and bail out and
  re-enter, as if you had just been killed in a MUD, another form of
command-line entry, in which your very life appears at statk^^ke.

In all^^^^^^What is clear everywhere here is theinterm^^^^^^
interminalble ^^^^^ble typing, withou^^ or without macro^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^r
wutg0^^^^ith- out macros, without or without auto-repeats, but
interminable typing nonetheless, the fingers moving across, caressing,
the keyboard, the machine breathing in reps^^spose,^^^nse, one way or
another. So you will find yourself filtering everything through the
movement of the fingers, you f^will find ou^^yourself speechless,
thoughtless, imageless, in a continuous state of nervous movement,
excitation, looping the language back through the mind, looping in and
out of the imaginary. You will find yourself being-thought-of through
the act of thinking, which is no longer intern^- nal, but placed upon
the rows of kee^ys, waiting. One always approaches the oc^^^ command
^^^^^^^^prompt as a supplicant; this is being offered to the machine,
and that is the re^^^ hopefully the result. 

It is magic when one is locked out, when one can only watch from
outside, ,^^^^^^^^^^^ out- side, when the machine refuses further entry,
when the machie begins to show itself, when everything
devolves^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^n
###########################################n## one might speak further
of intelligence, with no one or no thing listening. Then one learns to
hear without lisenting,^^^^^^^tening, to ignore what w^one has done, to
give up no response, to open ons^eself. For it is true that ^ when the
prompt is present, it is always _there,_ in spite of the fact that it
may be moved;^: one ^^^^in fact, the movement itself is the result of
commands - in fact, there is always that point, that Origin, on the
screen, which is mobile, fluid, in relation to the user. But always
there, always singuar, alw^^^^^^^lar, always present, always waiting -
until the close-down, foreclsoing, ^^^^^^^osing, lock-out - you see, one
never knows...

__#################################################################


###Shutdown


____



URGENT FACT

JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW IN PASSING THAT THE INTERNET, WHICH IS THE BIGGEST
ANSWERING MACHINE IN THE WORLD, IS EIGHT THOUSAND MILES WIDE. IT CAN
HANDLE OVER A BILLION WEB PAGES AND THERE IS AT LEAST ONE FOR EVERY PER-
SON ON THE PLANET. THE PLANET HAS GRAVITY WHICH KEEPS THE INTERNET IN
PLACE. WITHOUT GRAVITY IT WOULD FLOAT AWAY. BUT IT WOULD FLOAT IN EVERY
DIRECTION AT THE SAME TIME AND WOULD STAY IN THE SAME PLACE. I KNOW THIS
IS TRUE BECAUSE IT IS THE THEORY OF RELATIVITY WHICH SAYS WHAT CAN GO IN
ONE DIRECTION CAN GO IN ANY OTHER AND IF IT'S BIG ENOUGH WILL GO IN ALL OF
THEM AT THE SAME TIME. - JENNIFER


__


A Poem


Crawl rubbles such sad dreams as we will true forget dirt-eaten through
such wonder as you will search in her eyes and it will be perfect young
love and there will be nothing before and nothing after and so very much
delicate mirrors in the skies reflecting all your happy dream!

Jennifer says, "of such wonder as you will search in her eyes and it will
be perfect young love and there will be nothing before and nothing after
and so very much delicate mirrors in the skies reflecting all your happy
dreams, everything will come back with so much perfect love and in perfect
harmony just as if the world is so beauty born and you will dance that
perfect dance and long filagrees will ascend across the heavens in every
direction and you will be of wonder with all knowledge, this is going in
so every direction just like i said it would and then you will find it
coming back to you and you will be of a grievous wrong i do say but so
happy too to see it again, such very dreaming so happy and sad and so
remember and forget, such very dreaming so happy and sad and so remember
and forget."

__


on about


sometimes i write like a child with tension just beneath the surface
i will write complexly simultaneously defending and revealing the face
sometimes i save each and every keystroke and return them as text
sometimes i check the content of my text for spelling
i will automate myself on irc and look at the mirrors of everyone else
sometimes i check for diction and statistics of styles
once in a while i will set all caps or small letters
i will use a program called julu to help me when i'm at a loss
i will use programs with the display function to fill things out
sometimes i will rake my older texts with grep looking for lines
sometimes i will use sed for complex and continuous substitutions
once in a while i will build upon layers of substitutions
once in a while i will use programs such as hangman for content
sometimes i will use eliza for psychoanalytical interaction
once in a while i will use my own derivative for sexual psychoanalytics
every so often i will use old computer-card reproduction programs
the text-based game adventure lends itself towards performativity analysis
i will enter talkers alone or with avatars for metaphysical studies
i will use the review command or archie or gopher for archaeologies
i will build simple objects in moos confusing object numbers and names
sometimes i will use ytalk for reproduction of body image in textual form
html and dhtml give me the opportunity for text and image based html-body
javascript lures and seduces the viewer into psycho-liminal content
images present the edges of things as if they were interiors
i will use qbasic programs to examine the contours of measuring
i will use gimp or photoshop to reveal the internal tissues of the world
i will use shell scripts to reorganize texts into new revelations of shame
i will speak through programs begging for questions and answers
i will play textual games if they reveal whatever is left of truth
i will reprogram a mud to reveal the mad interiors of speech and phenomena
sometimes i will create disturbances on email lists or newsgroups

sometimes i see my face embedded in the face of the other; it is like a
plaque or medallion embedded in the face of the other or like a cartouche
bringing to mind discrepancies; it is like an emulsion half-developed or
it is like the breakdown of any conceivable methodologies; or like a decay
or dissolution of applications and results; a disturbance which refuses to
resolve; a constant reminder; the forgetting of a name passing in the form
of a body; something else, i can barely remember, on the tip of my tongue,
something of lips


___
