

sexy flower mixed beneath torn, moist, inviting thighs,
bruised hieroglyph, ruined prick, etched and flowered letters:
what thin lines of bruised and bitten flesh
pours through in form of hieroglyph shattering bleak moon
from half-lid eyes:

what pours on d'eruza, d'nala, what aurora shower comes
to cover senseless skin:
your giving mouth gagged and wet with sweet aurora shower,
d'nala d'eruza wait with eager open mouth in my forgiving mouth
gagged and wet with sweet aurora shower, d'nala d'eruza wait
with eager open mouth

eaten giving mouth gagged and wet with sweet aurora shower,
d'nala d'eruza wait with eager open mouth,
flower mixed beneath torn, moist, inviting thighs,
bruised hieroglyph, ruined prick, etched and flowered letters

__


the coming into the learning


i am d'nala d'eruza. i am here to learn the fruitful arts of prostitution
and divination.

i was sent to you. d'eruza sent me. d'nala sent me.

i beg of you to teach me. you have knowledge i need. knowledge in the rose
of virginity, the cleanliness of the organ, the turning-shaft, burial
mound and sunlit ray. i have no desire but to learn. you will teach me. my
life has tended towards this. d'nala nurtured me; d'eruza tendered me.

i would like knowledge. i would like knowledge of perfumes and scents. i
would like knowledge of ch'in and shamisen. i would like knowledge of the
classic of rivers and mountains. i would like knowledge of the god of
death. i would like knowledge of d'nala and d'eruza.

i am alone in this. i am speechless and mute. i demand silence in my
presence. there are no fears. you must teach me the ways of prostitution
and divination. you must teach me the ways of men and women. i do not
understand you in this line of questioning.

d'nala comes to you naked. d'eruza comes to you naked. there is always
some girl and always some boy. there are always children with weapons.
there are always wounded. we have no reasons. we have no reasons. our
soliloquy is your death. but first we must learn the ways of prostitution
and shamanism.

d'nala and d'eruza have come to you naked and whole. our shafts and holes
are cleansed. we have fulfilled all the rites and obligations. we have
prepared ourselves as best we know how. we have purchased the [lacuna] and
the great storehouse [?] of clothing. we have been sent and cleansed.

we are purified and untroubled. we are d'nala and d'eruza. we have come to
learn the sacred paths of prostitution and shamanism. you are our fantas-
ies, the clothes you exhibit, the slightest taste of skin, the edge
beneath the outer sheathing, the paraphernalia of rites and prohibitions.

the ritual objects and tethered animals. the sacred mats and hairs of only
one color. the banners and winds. the ritual objects and tethered animals.
the d'nala and d'eruza.

yes, we must first learn the knowledge of prostitution and shamanism.

yes, we have offered everything to you. yes, we have come a great way.
yes, we are cleansed. yes, we are prepared. we have no desires of our own
that enter beneath the canopy of this and any other world.

we have emptied ourselves and emptied ourselves of such desires.
we have emptied ourselves and emptied ourselves of inhibitions.
we have emptied ourselves and emptied ourselves of fears.

teach us and teach us as we have been sent and cleansed.
teach us and teach us as we have come to learn the knowledge of
prostitution and shamanism.

our childhood is our command.

__


Frozen Traces of Subterranean Worms - these crawl just beneath the surface
of the screen, creating havoc everywhere, scratch away the surface and
you'll see 'em -

.................##.$$..................OO...............................
..............###..#$.$................O..**.............................
............##.....#$.$................O.*..*............................
..................#.$$.................O.*..*.....OOO...OO...............
..................#.$$..............####.*..*....O...OOO..O..............
..................#.$.$$..........##.O..#***.*...O.........O.............
...................#$...$$.....###...O..#...*.*.O..........***OO.........
...................$......$$..#..$$...O#.....*.*O.........*OOO**OO.......
...................$#.......$$#.$..$###*...$$*..O**......*OO....**O......
...................$.##.....##$$...#$..*OO$O*$...O.*$.**OOO.......O***.**
...................$...##..#.......#.$..**$*O$..$$..$*OO..O......O....*.*
....................$$...##........#.$..$###.O$$..$$OO..OO............***
......................$$............#.$##...#.O........O...............**
........................$...........#.#..#..#..O......O................**
.........................$..........##.##..#....O.....O...............***
................$$..$$$..$..........###..##......OOOOO................*.*
.............$$$..$$...$$...........##.##.............................***


__


caesar


kya kya kwek nya nya kwe nya nya kwe he yo kwak! ya ya he kwe ya yo yo kya
kya k we kwe nya nya kwe nya nya kwe nya nya kwe nya nya kwe kwak! oce oce
oaio rce rce oai rce rce oai li cs oaeo! ce ce li oai ce cs cs oce oce o
ai oai rce rce oai rce rce oai rce rce oai rce

rce oai oaeo! kya wa ho kyo he! wa wa wa! ha kyo kyo kyo wa he! he
wawawawawahe! he wawawawahe ! kyo wa wa kyo wa wa kyo wa wa kya wa ho kyo
he! kya wa ho kyo he! oce ae ls ocs li! ae ae ae! le ocs ocs ocs ae li! li
aeaeaeaeaeli! li aeaeaeaeli! ocs ae ae ocs ae ae ocs ae ae oce ae ls ocs
li! oce ae ls ocs li!

veni vidi vinci veneri vidicule vino viro verum viraro veni vidi vinci
enwr ermr erwlr enwnar ermrldun erwx erax enadv erajax enwr ermr erwlr
hey kwe pe yo hey hey kwe kwe yo hey hey hey hey kyo kyo wa wa kyo kwat!
lic oai ti cs lic lic oai oai cs lic lic lic lic ocs ocs ae ae ocs oaex!


___


     i will am have satori kwat! now i do have it it is not the moon 
     i do have it you fall over the cliff kwat! i am will have satori

     i will am have satori
     kwat! now i do have it
     it is not the moon
     i do have it
     you fall over the cliff
     kwat! i am will have satori

     i will have satori, i am satori
     kwat! now i have it!
     it's not the moon, nothing like that
     i have it
     you - you fall over the cliff
     kwat! i am satori!

     i'm charging seven thousand leagues for satori
     maybe i'll get it, maybe i won't! kya!
     it's not the moon or the sun
     it's nothing, but i have it
     you're already gone in the world -
     but (as for) me - kya!

     i'm charging seven thousand leagues for satori
     i'm riding the elephant bigger than any bodhisattva
     kya! bigger than the sun or moon
     nothing! where are you?
     kya!

     kya pe, the elephant!
     bigger than that, satori!
     bigger than that, nothing!
     kya pe!


_


report

stop talking. 
stop making sense.
tonight i have suddenly vomited.
tonight my leg went into spasms.
stop listening.
stop writing.
have stone jam and listen to jennifer.
have stone soup and talk to her.
tonight i had my say with jennifer.
a whirlwind seized my body.
other whirlwinds but only the first had a name.
i couldn't speak or write or make any sense or write.
i couldn't talk through the migraine.
very shaky now and jennifer on my left shoulder.
nikuko silent on my right.
she opens her hands and there is a space for a word.
she opens her eyes and there is space for sentencing.
but tonight it is with jennifer and i can't speak.
my heart pounds loudly, the birds are still.
whirlwinds buzz around me, i look at this.
jennifer stops listening.
stop listening.
i'm afraid i will be sick again.
stop listening, i can't speak.
nikuko opens her eyes wide.
jennifer says to her i love you.
nikuko, stone jam, stop listening, jennifer.

_


Life


(I wrote an autobio program, added to it now and then. It sickened me. To-
day I erased the files - below are a few remnants.)

1958 Johnny Uhl and I were walking late at night and he threw at the neon
inn sign and it fell like smashed glass and I didn't tell but was never so
scared in my life. The world too smashed. I was a coward.

1959 I'd fall asleep dreaming of Platt Townend or earlier Margaret Hall,
always saving them, somehow, desperately, they'd turn toward me, I'd take
care of them, everything would be all right, eternal life and devotion,
tears on my pillow, sentiment...

1960 The depressions continue for the rest of my life

1960-1997 Sleeping and waking: insomnia goads me my entire life; there are
days I can't sleep, days I do nothing but; lowered body temperature is
accompanied by horrific feelings of submergence and fuzziness; I never am
fully awake.

1961 I almost flunked out of school. My life was a disaster.

1962 We managed to get shot at from an absurdly safe distance on the Galil
in Israel, while witnessing a battle between Israelis and Syrians. At the
UN, the former were condemned; in real life, it was all to clear that the
latter had started the attack.

1997 I return over and over again to this, in an attempt to reduce the
noise in my head, clarify the strands of incomprehensible thinking. I
think: "my life's like gnarled sinew." I think: rhizomatic. And: "I owe
everything to you."

__


d'trance


0 the violent winds and ten directions
1 but there were times i knew the way
15 when they sat upon their haunches
16 hungry ghosts without features
16 now, here's what i have to tell you!
17 at times the skin of the flayed god
19 i didn't get very much praise
20 against the background streaked with blood
23 moved them out of harms way
26 one always took one's chances
3 as if they would devour me
3 sometimes i appeared bright and shiny
30 of that which the glistened jewel
32 whose gaunt bodies and shortened arms
33 of the flayed god
33 to find ghosts and other creatures
35 fornicated and mated with surplus of progeny
37 nothing would
39 the two of them together
40 the curved jewel
40 would satisfy them and at times
41 eternally they supplicated
42 it's all about the wonder and the hunger
42 those were the days!
44 traces
48 whose way i had lost forever
5 such creatures
50 the glittered green and redding jewel
51 watching the struggle
55 of the flayed god
59 what a surprise
63 wonder with open eyes
65 the ghosts would scream and wrack the skies
71 hunger striving towards fulfillment
74 daggers and skulls to drink from
77 writing is
81 writing is the phenomenon of speech
9 the storms and draughts

__


a character has the space of a country


0 the violent winds and ten directions
1 but there were times i knew the way
1 the creativity of the character scrawls across the surface 
10 mountains have space all the way to the edge of the frame
11 water fades out in the dryness of the silk
12 air and dragons, thunder god and wind god
13 i hide in those spaces, illusions made from just about anything
14 arms reach out in directions where there's nothing else
15 when they sat upon their haunches
16 hungry ghosts without features
16 now, here's what i have to tell you!
17 at times the skin of the flayed god
19 i didn't get very much praise
2 of things
20 against the background streaked with blood
23 moved them out of harms way
26 one always took one's chances
3 as if they would devour me
3 incision-knives leaning towards scarred world-flesh
3 sometimes i appeared bright and shiny
30 of that which the glistened jewel
32 whose gaunt bodies and shortened arms
33 of the flayed god
33 to find ghosts and other creatures
35 fornicated and mated with surplus of progeny
37 nothing would
39 the two of them together
4 warring states use these things
40 the curved jewel
40 would satisfy them and at times
41 eternally they supplicated
42 it's all about the wonder and the hunger
42 those were the days!
44 traces
48 whose way i had lost forever
5 characters cover jade herded towards edges and knives
5 such creatures
50 the glittered green and redding jewel
51 watching the struggle
55 of the flayed god
59 what a surprise
6 wars among characters and states
63 wonder with open eyes
65 the ghosts would scream and wrack the skies
7 scrawled characters extending regardless of across worlds 
71 hunger striving towards fulfillment
74 daggers and skulls to drink from
77 writing is
8 into things
81 writing is the phenomenon of speech
9 a character has the space of a country
9 the storms and draughts

__



travel note

writing of the imaginary body (the oldest theme in theory) - body of the
imaginary - on the way to a conference - in a sealed airplane - emissions
and absorptions - chiasmic others - proximities - the gap where azure and
i separate for the first time in a year - for a few days - inserted others
- pages and scrawls - looking at a sky through a map - where we are when
we are - always the moment of confusion and descent - cartoon plane close
against the edge of -67 F outside temperature - estimated time of arrival
7:13 am - you are always getting closer o england - lines of images which
say something about the self-reflexivity of cartography - continually up-
dated - 11000 m altitude - london calling - 604 miles left to birmingham -
988 km now on the way - it's 6 in the morning - estimated arrival time
7:14 am - bright light in the brilliant shadows of the plane - 581 mph -
you are under the tired vault of another city - update update - 581 mph -
944 km distance to destination - what a diary! - real stuff! - things
you've always wanted to hear! - altitude 36000 feet - 575 miles to birm-
ingham - 581 mph -

non-stop thinking about my cdrom and its archaeology - internal varia-
tions and other materials - my work dispersed among media, protocols,
compressions - backgrounds behind backgrounds - remember where you saw
this first - remember where you heard this - a resource of knowledge and
owning - proprietary - every word is yours - all my errors and mistakes -
in another form, something to read on plane or train - a handout - read
at 581 mph -

_


quid

d'nala and d'eruza say - what is it about the ten pound girl and the ten
pound boy. for ten quid you get to see us naked. for ten quid you get to
hear the inside-lung air screeched into the outside air. for ten quid you
get everything spoken, stretched, murmured, yelled, shouted, moaned for
the last ten years. for ten quid you get the truth of the real and the
falsehood of the world. for just ten quid you get the inside of our holes
and the outside of our holes and our most intimate ways of speech and
phenomena. for ten quid you get to see the generation of phenomena, the
making of phenomena, the destruction of phenomena, the origin of phenomena
and of all things and beings and the namings of all things and beings. for
ten quid you get all you will need in this and all other worlds and you
get the making of this and all other worlds. you get the close-up making
and the intimate making and the magnified making and the slow-down making
and the take-apart making. for ten quid you get all the makings you will
ever need and all the understandings of all makings you will ever need.

come you will bring us ten quid and we will give you our disk with all the
makings and the truth of all the makings, the destruction and constitution
of all makings, the subtle falsehoods and seductions of all makings, we
have come here, say d'eruza and d'nala, to offer you this disk with the
being of all makings, with the understanding comprehension, with the
shortcut of understanding and comprehension, with the illuminating disk,
with the disk that may be understood, with all beings and with all
comprehending and uncomprehending phenomena.

thousands of millions of hundreds of thousands of eighty-four thousands of
tens of thousands of hundreds of eighty-four thousands of millions of
hundreds of and tens of thousands of eighty-four hundreds of millions


__



          Take all of Me, You make Me Cry and Leave Me


	  (take all of me\, proceed)
	  (would you pay to touch me when you're drinking (// found) \?)
		   (have you ever gotten me or (// obj) \?) ))
		 (not really\, it\'s not up to me \.)
	'((can you elaborate on that and look at me \?)
	  (would you love me more if you had to pay \?)
	  (go on\, don\'t be afraid of me\, look up my legs \.)
	  (i need a little more detail please \- let me come to you \?)
	  (can you ($ please) be more explicit\, fill me \?)
	  (($ please) go into more detail\, think of me \?)
	'((tell me ($ something) about (// owner) family \.)
	'((please please don't ever leave me \.)
	  (any fantasies you have of me)
	  (tell me about)
	  (tell me more and more about)
	'((i believe) (i think) (i have a feeling) (it seems to me that)
	  (($ please) allow me to do the questioning \.)
	'((($ please) you do so turn me on, continue!)
	  (do so come on to me and we will be not neurotic \.)))
	(is it because (// sent) that you came naked and broken to me \?)
	  (gimme . (give me))
		    (tell me ($ something) about (// found) \.)
		   (($ please) your eyes are turning me on \.)
		   (($ describe) why you call me (// found) \.)
		      (dor-type '(don\'t tell me what to do \. i am the
	i me mine myself
		made make makes making may mean means meant might
	 (dor-type '(($ hello) what brings you to see me \?))
			       aroused by you \? you make me cry and
			   write me \.

__



Act of Mourning: Exhaust While Mother Dies


diary exhausted and worried about the pace I'm keeping - but then trying
to work diary nerve-wracking exhaustion; we're supposed to go to Pennsyl-
vania to see my diary tice I repeat myself in this diary - issues of
exhaustion, worry, prepar- diary Tue Oct 19 201441 EDT 1999 I want to
write about exhaustion, this almost diary as usual, exhausted as usual,
moody as usual. Been reading Giorgio Agam- diary provincialism, exhaus-
tion, ennui, and a tiny corner of the world that diary exhaustion seems
literally completely, my body _bone_ tired. diary I am very exhausted.
I'm looking at a book of Japanese emaki, picture diary fantasy, exhaus-
tion is very very real. I tremble; my muscles ache. I can diary point of
exhaustion. Right now the loft is absolutely quiet; there is diary
extending the idea clumsily, as if I can no longer think, too exhausted
diary of things, trying not to forget anything. It's been exhausting. No
real diary rising and falling, staying awake, feeling dizzy, getting
exhausted again, diary of that, I will die from exhaustion if I resonate
in such a fashion, I diary of Kanji, trying to memorize things. The
difficulties have exhausted me; diary have nothing to say, have exhausted
myself. My interests range from the diary well. So went back online to
Trace, all this exhausting, and I am there diary until the exhaustion
ends - by January 3 once again, we'll be full deep diary too deeply
exhausted to say anything intelligent but wonder if I'm fever- diary in
with his wife. My exhaustion has deepened which worries me. I wrote to
diary I can be of use without exhausting myself. diary to be the result
of exhaustion; the last few days, the nightmares have diary twilight zone
and get tired of exhausted or grown-up friends. Reading diary control -
just completely exhausted, compounded by the usual worries about le sleep;
always exhausted, my judgamant ls not of tha bast. Thls ls my world le My
writing veers through tired Jennifer, exhausted Nikuko, worn-out Julu, lf
I am very exhausted. I'm looking at a book of Japanese emaki, picture lf
fantasy, exhaustion is very very real. I tremble; my muscles ache. I can
lf ly to exist as a token for the diffused or exhausted, the turbulent.
Nei- lg 10344 Nikuko lies exhausted on a blanket wearing a pink tutu lh (
nikuko lies on the couch, naked, her body twitching, exhausting from lh
ennui, out of exhaustion and detumescence, out of irritation lh warmer;
Nikuko, exhausted, fell back down into a deep sleep, enlightened, lh
exhausts itself, everyone is exhausted. lh exhaustion, as if waking from
dreaming to work. returning to dream, or lh the torii, and seemed exhaus-
ted. Nikuko said, Look, it sees no land, even lh end of allocated block,
memory exhausted, memory exhausted, memory is lh Why can't I sleep? I walk
around exhausted every day. I'm like a zombie; memory exhausted sleep pos-
sible, the exhaustion without bounds. Alan tries sleep remedy neurotic and
insomniac typing away exhausted at a midnight computer

_


guns, vaginas, fractured penises


0 the violent winds and ten directions
1 but there were times i knew the way
1 the creativity of the character scrawls across the surface 
10 mountains have space all the way to the edge of the frame
11 too many troubled dreams 
11 water fades out in the dryness of the silk
12 air and dragons, thunder god and wind god
13 i hide in those spaces, illusions made from just about anything
13 the relative heaviness of the world
13 unknowing place or promise
14 arms reach out in directions where there's nothing else
15 when they sat upon their haunches
16 hungry ghosts without features
16 now, here's what i have to tell you!
17 at times the skin of the flayed god
18 filled with blurred speech
19 i didn't get very much praise
2 of things
20 against the background streaked with blood
22 the grain of _this_ voice and its tenor
23 armed men and children with guns speak for me
23 moved them out of harms way
26 one always took one's chances
27 none other of words in other words but others
27 you are a beautiful woman who i madly love
3 as if they would devour me
3 incision-knives leaning towards scarred world-flesh
3 please don't hurt me, children with guns
3 sometimes i appeared bright and shiny
30 before there were animals and distortions of all kinds
30 of that which the glistened jewel
31 now animals howl legless and mouthless in the brush
32 whose gaunt bodies and shortened arms
33 of the flayed god
33 to find ghosts and other creatures
35 fornicated and mated with surplus of progeny
37 nothing would
39 my penis sore and calked with these rough hands
39 the two of them together
4 warring states use these things
40 the curved jewel
40 would satisfy them and at times
41 eternally they supplicated
41 inside your vagina, smoothness, striations, scent
41 no ideas but in things
42 it's all about the wonder and the hunger
42 those were the days
43 dizzy in turmoil
43 labia and portals, forgetting being, the there-is
44 traces
48 whose way i had lost forever
5 characters cover jade herded towards edges and knives
5 such creatures
50 the glittered green and redding jewel
51 elaborate lucretius, formless, evaporate
51 gods flying around over the heavens
51 shall this be packed
51 watching the struggle
54 azure lying against me in furious pain
55 beyond the flayed god
58 shall this
59 what a surprise
6 wars among characters and states
61 traces of residue, liquid wordings withdrawn from edges
62 have nothing on us
63 have nothing on us
63 wonder with open eyes
64 the road winds through the animals
65 the ghosts would scream and wrack the skies
69 animals teeter against the background streaked with blood
7 children with guns order me about
7 scrawled characters extending regardless of across worlds 
71 hunger striving towards fulfillment
74 daggers and skulls to drink from
81 screaming sometimes against writing animals and striving hunger
81 writing is the phenomenon of speech
84 animals howl against the words moved from the way of harm
87 edges rough, moist, tongue and children with guns
87 my heart is torn through inconceivable distances
89 animals, my heart, jennifer, the grain of the voice
9 a character has the space of a country
9 the storms and draughts
91 teetering animals, skulls, and inconceivable distance
94 please don't hurt me and please don't hurt me

__



for julia and roland

grain is irrepressible.
the grain of the voice is always a smooth function.
it irrupts beneath the surface of the text or voice.
it's heard in the bandwidth of the human.
all else is structure, scaffolding.
we live among the scaffolding of the world.
we live among the imaginary of worlds.
the imaginary is always a smooth function.
the imaginary irrupts beneath the surface of the world.
it's inaudible in the bandwidth of the human.
beneath the surface of the world are worlds.
we live among their scaffolding.
we live among the real of imaginary scaffolding.
the imaginary has no grain.
absence is irrepressible.

_


This Writing and of Routes Not Taken

to you G Get Help to you X Send to you R Read File to you Y Prev Pg to you
K Cut Text to you O Postpone to you C Cancel to you J Justify to you W
Where is to you V Next Pg to you U UnCut Textto you T To Spell to you G
Get Help to you X Send to you R Rich Hdr to you Y PrvPg/Top to you K Cut
Line to you O Postpone to you C Cancel to you D Del Char to you J Attach
to you V NxtPg/End to you U UnDel Lineto you T To AddrBk ? Help Y [Yes] to
you C Cancel N No Send message? Yes [Busy </> ] [Sending mail | |] [Writ-
ing Fcc <|> ] [ Can now UnJustify! ] to you G Get Help to you O WriteOut
to you R Read File to you Y Prev Pg to you K Cut Text to you C Cur Pos to
you X Exit to you J Justify to you W Where is to you V Next Pg to you U
UnJustify to you T To Spell [Writing Fcc <|> ] to you G Get Help to you O
WriteOut to you R Read File to you Y Prev Pg to you K Cut Text to you C
Cur Pos to you X Exit to you J Justify to you W Where is to you V Next Pg
to you U UnCut Textto you T To Spell [ Can now UnJustify! ] File Name to
write : zz [ Writing... ]

__


d'eruza

d'eruza and I live together as a permanent couple. d'eruza is much young-
er, 23 to my 57. I do not know why she finds me attractive. Every day I
wake up with her and cuddle and it feels like a miracle. I love d'eruza's
scent and she loves mine. I know how twisted and confused I am inside, how
depressive, aggressive at times, always haunted. d'eruza is there for me
and understands me and I don't understand this. d'eruza will be reading
these words and she will understand.

We snuggle together and talk breathlessly. We might appear crazed to other
people. Sometimes people think she is my daughter; she looks young. It is
always hard to navigate this. Such an age difference is difficult; if I
think far enough in the future, I think towards a period in which I am
debilitated and she is in the prime of her life. I can't imagine d'eruza
staying with me at that point. Of course she says she will, but one is
always optimistic.

We've come to depend on one another. Some might find this a co-dependency
but it feels right inside. More and more I find myself relaxing with her,
letting the tension out. d'eruza gives me room to work as well; I can have
space with her, enough to create in. This is unusual for me. It is her
first relationship as well; she tends my pessimism with her optimism in a
way because of this. As a couple we do excellently. She will study for
her graduate school exams. We will travel together. I will continue to
write and make music (not I will continue to music and make writing) until
I can no longer do these things; at that point I will hope to die. d'eruza
feels sad about this but she understands. 

d'nala

__


Re-Port


Do I think I should explain I have severe migraines from time to time
(also tied to orgasm from time to time); depression; heartburn (for which
I take medication) ; very high blood pressure (for which I take medica-
tion); occasional pains in my back and neck; bitten lips; dandruff (under
control); a tendency to get so tangled up in my words and feelings that I
go almost catatonic, pulling out with great difficulty; tendency towards
extreme insomnia; a sense of wonder which gets me into trouble; unmasked
and unmeaning arrogance; awkwardness in company; hyper-sexuality; tendency
towards both cynicism and romanticism; thick glasses needed to see any-
thing at all; hypothermia; tendency towards the maudlin; tendency towards
rudeness and oversight; wanting to be d'eruza; wanting to swallow her
fluids and solids; to you?

A sense of wonder which gets me into trouble; unmasked and unmeaning
arrogance; awkwardness in company; hyper-sexuality; tendency towards both
cynicism and romanticism; thick glasses needed to see anything at all;
hypothermia; tendency towards the maudlin; tendency towards rudeness and
oversight; : nightmares from which I can't escape; becoming suddenly
breathless; tinnitus which gets worse under stress; and thereby extreme
stress and nervousness; neuroticism compounded by such; feeling far too
weak in relation to my father; tendency towards crying at the slightest
provocation; far too many regrets; I think I should explain I have severe
migraines from time to time (also tied to orgasm from time to time); de-
pression; heartburn (for which I take medication); wanting to be d'eruza;
wanting to wear her clothes; very high blood pressure (for which I take
medication); occasional pains in my back and neck; bitten lips; dandruff
(under control); a tendency to get so tangled up in my words and feelings
that I go almost catatonic, pulling out with great difficulty; tendency
towards extreme insomnia; losing my temper; losing my temper;

__




wanton sea

d'eruza, d'nala, before the dancer. he is masked, bound; he dances through
iron, nervous legs. d'eruza pulls at d'nala's cock. it grows hard. dancer
strains. d'nala spreads d'eruza's labia, fingers her. d'eruza enters d'na-
la's asshole. they fall to the floor. dancer twists and turns. d'eruza
smears d'nala with asshole flora and fauna. his chest is streaked. d'nala
fingers d'eruza in her asshole; she's streaked with vaginal and asshole
flora and fauna. she pulls d'nala's cock, inserts it. she bites his nip-
ples, bruising them. there are bruises on both their necks. dancer can't
see them. dancer can smell the scent; the air is heavy with it. dancer
twists and turns. d'nala spreads d'eruza's ass-cheeks, inserts his tongue
hard. d'eruza puts her hands on her ass, spreads herself wider. she rubs
her face on his tits; he sucks her asshole, turns her over, bites her
breasts, bruising them. dancer hears breathing beyond his own. dancer
struggles, moves in short and rapid jerks. his legs flail out from under
him. the rope strains, doesn't give way. d'eruza licks d'nala's chest
clean. she stands, spreads her labia; she pisses into his mouth. dancer
listens; he wants to see. the name of the dance is "wanting to see." the
name of d'nala's movements are "wanted to see." the name of d'eruza's
movements are "wanting and seeing." the name of the ensemble is "wanton
sea."

__


Demarcations

"Now, whatever is moist he created from semen, and that is Soma. All this
universe is food and the eater of food. For Soma is food, and Agni is the
eater of food. This was the surpassing creation of Brahma, for he created
the gods, who were better than him, when he, being mortal, created immor-
tals. Therefore it was a surpassing creation. Whoever knows this is born
in that surpassing creation of his." (from Hindu Myths, Wendy Doniger
O'Flaherty.)

Certainly Jennifer is surpassing, because Jennifer has been the longest,
takes all the time in the world, from the beginning to the end of time,
and has been wide-variety.

Certainly Julu is non-surpassing, because she is within Jennifer, and is
thereby lesser, occupying narrow-variety, and within a limited of time.

Certainly Nikuko is surpassing, because she is inspiration and breathing
and demi-urge meat-girl big-god, and she is everywhere and lives within
Jennifer but Jennifer lives within her.

But certainly Alan is non-surpassing, because he must write for Jennifer
and Julu and Nikuko, and his writing is the business of writing beings and
the Being of writing, and he calls this writing, wryting. And it is non-
surpassing because it dwells within him, choking him upon its vowels and
consonants and semi-vowels.

Now d'eruza is certainly surpassing and now d'nala is certainly non-sur-
passing because d'eruza borders and bounds and binds, and d'nala is
bordered and bound and bound by the arm movements of d'eruza, by the hand
movements of d'eruza, by the finger movements of d'eruza. So d'nala is
certainly non-surpassing and he is no wryting for d'eruza. Now certainly
Jennifer is surpassing for the wryting of d'nala.

This is the surpassing and the non-surpassing of being.


__


i will not be shaman


i will not be a shaman. i do not have the training to be a shaman. i will
not give myself to any master, will not give myself to any mistress. i
will encounter no animals. i will run in fear from animals, run in beauty
from home of home. i do not have the knowledge to be a shaman. i do not
have the knowledge to interpret dreams. i will not know dream animals. i
will not identify. i will resist identification. i will not name. i will
resist naming.

i will not cure, nor will i foretell. i will not read signs. i will read
the sloppiness of letters and text loosely tethered to the world. i will
not read signs bound in quartz and granite, bound in leaves and yarrow. i
do not know secrets nor spells. i do not know the acrostic nor backwards-
speaking. i will not make fetish nor skinship. i will not world-invert,
nor inhabit wayward contrary. i will not have arctic sickness nor will i
be shaman of arctic sickness. i will not stand on sky-pole nor will i
chant. i will not cross the bridge. i will not wait, i will not wait, i
will not wait.


sukinshippu d'eruza's leg crosses d'nala's leg pressing genitals against
lower abdomen: topology order five.
interlocked mouths and arms: topology order six.
pulling on oneself: topology order one.
think of mouth-anus: topology order one, then pull: topology order two.
it moves up and up. sukinshippu leg and leg: topology order six.
interlocutor sukinshippu: topology order seven.

cross-the-bridge: topology order one.
sukinshippu leg and leg cross-the-bridge: topology order seven.
internals, mouths and arms: topology order seven.
not being a shaman: topology order zero.
not being a shaman cross-the-bridge: topology order one.

the bridge is not a bridge: 
not being a shaman cross-the-bridge: topology order zero.

of the order of zero and one.
of the order of one and zero.
of the order of zero and one.

__


d'nala dependent on d'eruza \ d'eruza dependent on d'nala


i you can't you get you enough you of you you. you i you can't you get you
close you enough, you can't you get you close enough. you d'eruza, you i
you can't you get you close you enough you to you you. you i you touch you
all you of you your you skin all you at you once, you i'm you a you cover-
let, you blanket, you brain, you tissue, you screen, you fabric, membrane,
you sleazy you piece you of you cloth, you jumper, you bikini, you just
you like you the you breath you of you. you i'm you obssessed you with you
[you] you hover you in you my you dreams, you take you me you over, you i
you can't get you close you enough you d'eruza, you can't you speak you
for you you, you drink you for you you, you eat you for you you, fuck you
for you you, you sleep you for you you. you you you move you away you in
you the you dreams, you i you can't you get you to you, you you're you
sleeping you and you i you whisper you in you your you ear you d'nala you
d'nala you d'nala, you i'm moving you inside, you i'm you eating you
anything you you you feed you me you from you your you body, you i'm you
howling in you your you cage, you i'm you everywhere you in you the you
air, you but you i'm you not you there, you not you where you're you
thinking, you sleeping, you dreaming you - you like you now, you now you
what, you now you what you can you be said, you when you you're you not
you speaking you at you all, you when you you're you not you speaking you
for you me?

__


Walter Benjamin


"The loss of the Great War has effected vast changes in the social compos-
ition of Berlin. The brilliance of the imperial court has disappeared. New
classes of society with new aspirations have risen to commercial power,
while the former calm based on assured prosperity has given way to a rest-
less self-indulgence. The large influx of foreigners, mainly from Eastern
Europe, is readily noticed, whereas the activities of the intellectual and
professional classes, who now live in comparative retirement, are not im-
mediately apparent to the passing visitor."

- Baedeker's Berlin and its Environs, 1923

__



Projects for Mobile Phone

i

{messages transmitted anonymously at 5-10 minute intervals -
you must imagine the delays}

how much are you worth?

how much are you worth now?

i want to buy your minutes.

what is the color of your skin?

i want to buy your minutes.

how much are you worth?

look, you are following me with your eyes.

this is not yours.

you know how to find me.

how much are you worth now?

what are you?

how much are you worth?

i will never be yours.

i want to buy your minutes.

that is easy for you to think.

nothing.

nothing.

how much are you worth?

i want to buy your minutes.

you want to know the color of my eyes.

{text recycles. class and race deconstruction: play
on anonymities, the imaginary.}

ii

i know you want me. call this number:
{20 seconds}
555-1234
{ten minutes}
i know you want me. call this number:
{20 seconds}
555-5678
(and so forth. the numbers are connected to machines:
@ 555-1234:
this call is being recorded.
{3 seconds}
i know you want me. i know who you are.
{hang up}
@ 555-5678:
i know you want me. call 555-1234.

{no recycling. shifters and gazes, anonymities.}

__



Arousal Writing


In the summer heat, d'nala and d'eruza naked, the heat's getting to us,
can't possibly think straight "in this heat" .

So that, turning towards the computer, half-aroused, tumescent, most of
the time - What is the nature of "heated writing" ?

d'eruza's mind constantly wanders to d'nala's body; they're everywhere,
never tiring of the landscape of skin and membrane .

Such is d'eruza's body that her membrane inhales the world; she feels
herself in the world and the world in her .

Such is d'nala's body that his membrane dries and shudders in the world;
he feels himself excluded from the world, the world outside .

d'nala will write the world, repeatedly. He'll write half-erect, in a
state of arousal. The swellings of d'eruza and d'nala, he will think .

In a transitive mood, d'nala will pass on the swellings, as a catalyst or
writer, to any reader who cares .

In a transitive mood, d'eruza hopes that his readers blossom and swell,
shudder, surrounded by ecstasy and orgasm .

For what is it to write in such an exalted state, d'eruza said, if not to
bring the reader to fruition ?

How many of us, replied d'nala, admit to creating while aroused, holding
back orgasm for the making of a text or song or object ?

Their organs dripping with sexual fluids, d'nala and d'eruza continued
their meditations, this little bit of writing trembling from the tip .


__


Phenomenology of the Other


Even now, I cannot speak for the Other, said Nikuko. The Other has her
chains around me; they are of my own manufacture, not in the sense of
hand-work, but of factory-labor, theoretical machinery refusing permis-
sion to the nth degree. 

The chains are fiery and adamant; I hold my wasted arms within them, un-
daring to touch the heated metal. The Other, by the very fact of her ex-
istence, holds me enthralled, holds me in thrall. I am immobilized. Alan
says, spell that out; Nikuko replies, it is the Other who spells, casts
spells, the caste of the Other whom I do not understand, whom I dare not
comprehend, whom I cannot comprehend.

She will open up gates and filters to me, routers and firewalls to me; she
will throw everything in my direction, to the extent that I am thrown into
existence, into her existence, out of existence. She is writing this - if
I have anything to say, it is that the Other is writing this, that I am an
Other, that she is external, that I am supplicant. Alan says so she writes
you into existence, Nikuko, and Nikuko replies, no, it is not like that,
Alan, I am primordial, pre-existent; when I die, the world dies with me.

But she is writing this, yes, she is writing this, without my permission,
Alan, and she has opened all firewalls and all fields, and I will call
her, will call the Other, Bodhisattva, but not in her regard, not in the
regard of the Other, Alan. Not in the look, Nikuko, Alan replied, not in
the gaze of the Other, Nikuko, and Nikuko replies, I can wait, I can
always wait.

Wa wa wa.


