==

Note: Why Bodhisattva? Who has declared in this manner, and to whom? It is
a disturbing move, as is the "primordial." Is opening an arousal? Is the
Other always already a lure as such? Is the Other always open? What does
it mean, not to recognize firewalls? Surely prisons are stronger than any
thought; in the United States, their privatization turns thought into
mass-substance, and the country into a complex of concentration camps.
Bodhisattvas seem distant, in terms of compassion and spirituality. Nikuko
and Alan, of course, are talking otherwise: Nikuko and Alan are still per-
mitted to talk.


__


coming in skin


0 the violent winds and ten directions
1 but there were times i knew the way
1 the creativity of the character scrawls across the surface 
10 36 scent of her spread cheeks, her gazing in
10 mountains have space all the way to the edge of the frame
11 too many troubled dreams 
11 water fades out in the dryness of the silk
112 of her opened eyes (88, 21)
113 inhering, inherent, eyes of someone else
12 air and dragons, thunder god and wind god
13 i hide in those spaces, illusions made from just about anything
13 naked, slightly tumescent, nearing orgasm
13 the relative heaviness of the world
13 unknowing place or promise
14 arms reach out in directions where there's nothing else
15 when they sat upon their haunches
16 hungry ghosts without features
16 now, here's what i have to tell you!
17 71 and rendering of wounds
17 at times the skin of the flayed god
17 my cunt splayed for you, so near coming
18 filled with blurred speech
18 single perfect drop of liquid near the tip
19 78 43 and reflect reflect of her curved jewel
19 i didn't get very much praise
2 of things
20 against the background streaked with blood
21 stroking the skin from the skin, eyes from eyes
22 the grain of _this_ voice and its tenor
23 armed men and children with guns speak for me
23 moved them out of harms way
24 88 21 stroking the skin from the skin
24 my cock close to bursting, splayed, displayed
26 one always took one's chances
27 none other of words in other words but others
27 you are a beautiful woman who i madly love
29 83 screaming as the curved jewel enters us
3 as if they would devour me
3 incision-knives leaning towards scarred world-flesh
3 please don't hurt me, children with guns
3 sometimes i appeared bright and shiny
30 before there were animals and distortions of all kinds
30 of that which the glistened jewel
31 now animals howl legless and mouthless in the brush
32 whose gaunt bodies and shortened arms
33 24 his cock bursting and displayed
33 of the flayed god
33 to find ghosts and other creatures
35 fornicated and mated with surplus of progeny
36 spreading her cheeks as far as possible, gazing in
37 nothing would
39 my penis sore and calked with these rough hands
39 the two of them together
4 warring states use these things
40 the curved jewel
40 the curved jewel
40 would satisfy them and at times
41 eternally they supplicated
41 inside your vagina, smoothness, striations, scent
41 no ideas but in things
41 spreading of labia like flowers and tongues
42 it's all about the wonder and the hunger
42 those were the days
43 dizzy in turmoil
43 labia and portals, forgetting being, the there-is
44 traces
48 whose way i had lost forever
5 characters cover jade herded towards edges and knives
5 such creatures
50 the glittered green and redding jewel
51 elaborate lucretius, formless, evaporate
51 gods flying around over the heavens
51 shall this be packed
51 watching the struggle
54 azure lying against me in furious pain
55 beyond the flayed god
56 in and in, inwards, interiors, in and in
58 shall this
59 what a surprise
6 wars among characters and states
61 40 the curved jewel
61 traces of residue, liquid wordings withdrawn from edges
62 have nothing on us
63 have nothing on us
63 wonder with open eyes
64 the road winds through the animals
64 we'll come for you, splay for you, be and pretend
65 the ghosts would scream and wrack the skies
69 animals teeter against the background streaked with blood
7 children with guns order me about
7 scrawled characters extending regardless of across worlds 
71 hunger striving towards fulfillment
71 rendering of wounds
72 61 of the curved and difficult jewel
73 61 of the curved jewel
74 daggers and skulls to drink from
78 43 and reflect reflect
81 screaming sometimes against writing animals and striving hunger
81 what inheres, splaying her legs, her cunt
81 writing is the phenomenon of speech
83 curved jewel entering both of us, we're screaming
84 animals howl against the words moved from the way of harm
87 edges rough, moist, tongue and children with guns
87 my heart is torn through inconceivable distances
88 21 stroking the skin from the skin, opened eyes
89 animals, my heart, jennifer, the grain of the voice
9 a character has the space of a country
9 the storms and draughts
91 teetering animals, skulls, and inconceivable distance
94 please don't hurt me and please don't hurt me
98 17 my splayed cunt, coming
99 40 73 61 of the curved jewel, be, we're screaming

__


Chuang Tzu, a Reading by Nikuko


1 "People don't look in a river for a mirror; in motion, it reflects all
things in motion. They look at still waters, stilling the image, holding
the still image still." - Chuang Tzu "People don't look at flowing water
as a mirror; they look at still waters, because what is unmoving, stills
things, and holds them." - Chuang Tzu "People use still waters to reflect
moving images, because it's easier to see them that way." - Chuang Tzu
"Moving water doesn't reflect still images in a manner parallel to still
water reflecting moving images." - Chuang Tzu

2 "Rituals are just ornaments on the Tao's hem, and are signs of impending
chaos." - Chuang Tzu "Ceremonies are decorations of the Tao, the sources
of trouble." - Chuang Tzu "Any sort of ritual gets in the way of any sort
of ritual." - Chuang Tzu "Without protocols, you can't even see the ritual
- not even from the back of the crowd." - Chuang Tzu "The Tao has no use
for any of us; useless, we comprehend the Tao." - Chuang Tzu "If the Tao
had use, it would have protocols. Then we could have big ceremonies." -
Chuang Tzu

3 "Do not follow the way of rites and ceremonies. Hold to stillness and
solitude. Preserve the data-base in potential wells. Hold to back-ups and
redundant hard-drives. Let the motion occur in the reflection, not in the
medium. Employ permanent flash-cards, dvds, and cdroms. Upgrade the medium
and hold it duplicated. Retain the motionless motion. Regard the protocols
which are necessary and the protocols which are unnecessary. Strive for
actionless-action and do not strive for actionless-action. Read and no not
read the signifiers. Have no expectations. Do not trust benevolence. Re-
produce texts in the Net of Indra, in the heavens and beneath them. Do not
read them. Every text is the source of trouble and the death of its writ-
er. Do not be afraid of writing and not-writing, writing and non-writing.
Write nothing, say nothing, repetition and non-repetition, and you will
have found nothing. Nothing is to be followed; nothing is to be gained. To
gain nothing is to gain and not gain. Po Lo will not let the horses be; do
not write to Po Lo, who has disturbed the Tao. Do not upgrade the medium;
do not think of stillness and solitude.


__



tama d'eruza


1 beyond the curved jewel of no regard, 2 beyond these matters, caring of
her intense and mournful form, 3 careful placing of stone upon stone, 4
chasing of stone by stone, 5 clouds of demons! hosts of them!

6 deeds! deeds! 7 desire of mass 8 dread, finality of stone within stone 9
driven to incomplete destinies and 10 enlightenment! no such thing!

11 entrance of stone, gating of stone, here comes one! 12 escaped, we
remember our former substance. 13 fortifying myself against any form of
spirit, 14 i defend myself against the hosts of demons. 15 i have fucked
corpses, now defend yourself - 16 i will hold myself from caring!

17 in these matters, she dancing naked in a dress. 18 nothing! wa! wa! wa!
19 of no regard 20 of these matters, dancing with forlorn and mournful
smile, 21 piercing of the tongue, penetration of quasi-vowels, and 22
removal of stones, one after another, 23 so that one chooses or is chosen,
among demons.

24 spirit! spirit! - 25 the sublime is the moment when spirit breaks apart
- 26 there is no enlightenment, there is no path 27 to the paths of stakes
and palisades, all of them, 28 to the sheen of jewels curved of no regard.

29 traveling, she saw before her a massive fortification. 30 upon the
completion of horrifying deeds 31 which have come between us, have brought
the whisper of enlightenment - 32 within stone, form strives to escape.

__


tama d'nala


a thin wire connects this building to a site a mile and a half away among
demons - and palisades, all of them, to the sheen of jewels curved of no
regard. are thin wires metaphors for what will happen to my head beyond
the curved jewel - beyond these matters, carving stone by stone - clouds
of demons! hosts of them!

completion of horrifying deeds which have come between us, have brought
corpses, now defend yourself - i will hold them from caring! deeds! deeds!
thin wires of dread, finality of stone within stone driven to incomplete
destiny and enlightenment! no such thing! entrance of stone, gating of
stone, here comes one! escaped, noise is information that makes no
difference at all!

her intense and mournful form of stone in stone, i wonder: how many, how
long! if there is one thin wire, there are thousands in these matters, she
dancing naked in a dress. nothing! wa! wa! wa!

listen to the noise and learn about the universe! my head and my brain are
connected by thin wires of no regard in these matters, dancing forlorn and
mournful. our park: prospect park, is the center of the thin-wire universe
- a very small part of the cosmos, connected by thin wires. remember our
former substance. fortifying myself against any form of removal of stones,
one after another, so that one chooses or is chosen, pierced clit, cock,
penetration of consonants, team-spirit.

the sublime is the moment when spirit breaks apart spirit; i defend myself
against the hosts of demons. i have fucked tama. the first and foremost
thin wire connects my house to the park - the longer the wire, the greater
the noise. the whisper of enlightenment - within stone, form strives to
escape. there is no enlightenment, there is no path to the paths of
stakes. thin wires heat up my neighborhood with thunder and lightning, 
thousands of thin wires: think of them, each labeled and very long.
traveling, she saw before her a massive thin wire in the stone cliffs. 
who would find her glowing.

__


daily grind


fierce arguments - the woman in the front office died - there are a group
of us - i try to be in mourning - it's the thing to do - sitting around
with the rest of them blathering - wooden table - we're all drinking white
wine - i tell her to shut her silly yap, pull out my laptop - she's
getting ready to throw her drink - lot of yelling - i say there's been a
death, i'm in mourning - any sort of an excuse - waiting for her to make
her move - throw the whole damn glass at me - medium stringy blond hair,
haven't seen her before - the whole bunch of them - just waiting - i'll
report her, the whole lot - they'll see - lawsuit in the making - the old
physical thing - need a new computer anyway - they're all screaming - i
wake up angry, scared - where's my computer - they're all bastards - i'll
show them - just wait til i sleep again - how dare they - the woman dead
and all - a friend - i didn't even like her -

_


among demons, births

 half away among demons. egard.
 head
 of s of them! rought f from caring! ne ! no such thing!
 escaped, we ce at all! , y, how long! re thousands wa! t the
universe!
 by thin wires orn and mournful wire universe ires
 of hosen, art cked tama to the park he noise pe. s nderstorms ed 
and very long on. upon the when?! diations

 away emons. ard.
f them! ught g!
 ing!
 we
 all! ! ands !
 wires nful e es f sen, and t ed tama e park
. stakes torms long the when?! ons

y . d.
 of ! ht ! ng! we ! , ! ds wa! ! ful
 of n, art rk se pe. s s ong he ?! ons

8	sed 's/............//g' dilate > fecund
11	sed 's/.................//g' dilate >> fecund
15	sed 's/.........................//g' dilate >> fecund
18	sed 's/.......//g' dilate >> fecund
21	sed 's/....//g' dilate >> fecund

__



MAKE NOISE! BIND WORLDS!


ah AH AH I JENNIFER DO RISE FROM STONE-IN-STONE! a tin wire onnets y ot to
a par a ie an a a away an paisaes, a o te, oo to te seen o ewes urve o no
rear. aon eons. are tin wires etapors or wat wi appen to y ea asin o stone
y stone, o ous o eons! osts o te!

cawa CAWA CAWA I JENNIFER WILL DO SUCH SPELL OF SLAUGHTER-CAPTIVATION!

dre dre DRE DRE dre JENNIFER STONE IN STONE! ees! ees! o esire o ass o
rea, inaity o stone witin stone o entrane o stone, atin o stone, ere oes
osts o eons. oo i ave ue taa

heh heh HEH HEH HEH I JENNIFER OF BROKEN-DEMON BIRTH! i tere is one tin
wire, tere are tousans i woner: ow any, ow on! in tese atters, se anin nae
onnete y tin wires

kre KRE KRE KRE I JENNIFER NOISE-IN-WORLD! y stone, o ous o ous o eons!
osts o te!

la LALA LALA LA JENNIFER BURN-INTO-YOU! o no rear oo o tese atters, anin
wit ororn an ournu

oh oh oh OH OH OH I JENNIFER DO WALK THIN WIRE! opetion o orriyin ees oo
wi ave oe etween us, ave rout or e, noise is inoration tat aes no ierene
at a! orpses, now een yourse - oo i wi o yse ro arin! our par: prospet

sora SORA SORA SORA JENNIFER STONE-IN-STONE! spirit! spirit! - oo te suie
is te oent wen spirit reas apart spirit, oo i een yse aainst te osts o
eons. oo i ave ue taa

tama tama tama TAMA TAMA JENNIFER BROKEN-BORKEN STONE! te irst an oreost
tin wire onnets y ouse to te par te oner te wire, te reater te noise te
wisper o enitenent - oo witin stone, or strives to esape. tere is no y
stone, o ous o eons! osts o te!

wa WA WA wa wa I JENNIFER DO SLAY D'NALA, MAKE NOISE, BIND WORLDS! wen?!
wo wou eieve a tin wire wou rin utant raiations y ea an y rain are onnete
y tin wires

ya ya YA I JENNIFER DO SLAY D'ERUZA, MAKE NOISE, BIND WORLDS!

_


Berlin, 1923 (Baedeker)


Horse Races. Flat-races and steeplechases at Grunewald; flat-races at
Hoppegarten (Ostbahn). Steeplechases at Karlshorst (Niederschlesische
Bahn) and near Strausberg Station (Ostbahn). Trotting Matches at Mar-
iendorf (tramway No. 73) and Ruhleben near Spandau.

Chinese and Japanese Wares and Tea: L. Glenk, Unter den Linden 20;
Gebruder Eppner, Charlotten-Str. 34.

Horse Omnibuses. Special buses leave the principal theaters after the
performance for Wittenberg-Platz. Night Omnibuses: Potsdam Station,
Nollendorf-Platz, Auguste-Viktoria-Platz (Zoological Garden Station,
Kaiser-Allee, Friedenau, Steglitz (from about 11 p.m. until 2 a.m.).
Stettin Station, Friedrich-Strasse Station, Potsdam Station.

Sing-Akademie, eight concerts in winter. Conductor, Prof. Dr. Georg
Schumann.

The Cathedral occupies the site of another cathedral built in 1747-50, the
poverty of whose appearance even Schinkel (1816-17) was unable to remedy,
and of the beginnings of a royal vault ('Campo Santo') dating from the
time of Frederick William IV. (1845-48). The new building was erected in
1894-1905 in the style of the Italian High Renaissance by Julius Rasch-
dorff and his son, Otto Raschdorff, at an expense of 11 1/2 million marks
(575,000 L.). Its dimensions are: length 344 ft., breadth 246 ft., height
to the main cornice 102 ft., to the foot of the lantern 245 ft., and to
the top of the cross on the dome 374 ft. The material is Silesian sand-
stone, with granite for the lower courses of masonry, while the cupolas,
lantern, and roofing are of copper. An excess of plastic ornamentation and
the restless effect produced by the cupola-spires spoil the appearance of
this mighty edifice.

Facing the Lustgarten, adjoining Passage 43, two rooms contain works in
the Romanesque style. Room 44: Enamels from the Lower Rhine; church-plate
from the abbey of St. Dionysius at Enger, in which the Saxon duke Witte-
kind was buried, comprising the earliest pieces of Frankish work and
dating from the time of Charlemagne (pocket-shaped reliquary); Gold
ornaments of the Empress Gisela (d. 1043) discovered at Mayence (1880).

Skating. In the Tiergarten near the Rousseau Island and on the Neuer See;
in Charlottenburg on the Lietzen-See; at Treptow on the Karpfenteich, and
in the Exhibition Park.

Mourning Clothes: Otto Weber, Mohren-Str. 45.

Schauspielhaus, chiefly for classical dramas. 1000 seats.

Cafes. In the centre of the city, Bauer, Unter den Linden 26, corner of
Friedrich-Str.; opposite, Unter den Linden 46, Victoria-Cafe; Josty,
Bellevue-Str. 21-22, with terrace, Cafe Furstenhof (in the Hotel Furs-
tenhof), Vaterland, Koniggratzer Str. 15-16, Palast-Cafe, in the
Palast-Hotel, Bellevue-Konditorei, these last five in Potsdamer-Platz.

Trains run between Alexander-Platz and Wittenberg-Platz every 5, on other
portions every 10-20 minutes. On Sundays and, during the 'rush hours', on
week-days the trains are extremely crowded.

Weiss-Bier, the old beverage of the Berlin citizen: Landre's Weissbier-
stuben ('Weisses Meer'; closed on Sundays in summer), Friedrich-Str. 83,
1st floor; Pomona, Mauer-Str. 66-67.

Musical Instruments, Collection of, in the School of Music, Charlotten-
burg, Fasanen-Str. 1 (Portal IV), open Sun., Tues., Thurs., Sat. 11-1.

__


Just


"A fellow analyst who had heard about my interest in speech mannerisms
explained that he wanted to test my findings. In order to do so, he asked
a woman patient why she always used the phrase, 'I just said it.' Her re-
sponse was, 'I thought you weren't interested in me.'" (from Mannerisms of
Speech and Gestures in Everyday Life, Sandor S. Feldman.)

"I just want to tell you this. I was just walking by." "I want to tell you
this without telling you this." "I have thought about it again and again
and feel I should say something." "I happened to be walking by." "I was
walking by without walking by." "Because I was in the neighborhood, it
occurred to me." "This is the only thing I'll say to you. Although it's
not exactly engraved in stone, it's been on my mind for quite a while."
"Something's bothering me, but I can't say it directly. You must under-
stand I'm protecting myself with the word 'just,' denying and enuncia- 
ting simultaneously." "Out of the corner of my mouth, blood." "I have
been wandering for quite a while, trying to decide how to tell you. It
isn't easy to speak of wounds which have been deeply buried. Please be
patient with me."

I just wanted to make note of this, just like I would annotate "like," as
if I'm just going to tell you something. Like if it were true, would that
make it any easier? Like my wounds are showing, as if they are, when you
know they aren't - I just wanted to talk to you about them, explain my
pain.

It is just a dream. "In his book on dreams, Freud illustrates the hidden
tendency in the word 'only.' When a person has a dream concerning some-
thing about which he would prefer not to think, he protects his sleep and
the impact of the undesirable thought by saying, 'It is only a dream.' He
is therefore able to continue dreaming, reassuring himself that there can
be no possible reality to the dream." (Feldman, op. cit.)

It is only a dream, it is just a dream. Let "just" in these senses always
already denote dreaming, the imaginary, disturbance. "I was just walking
by and I just want to tell you this." I will tell you this in my dreams,
and what you are hearing that I am saying, is not what I am saying, is
only in part what I am meaning; the rest lies beneath the surface - I
can't possibly say it, there's no way I can talk through it. Read the
signs, fantasize, project and introject, invest and disinvest - you will
find meaning, almost as in the form of an oracle, not an explicit fortune
but one askew, just as the truth lies within the implicate order. Open the
gates; let the truth be implicated: Just to be accurate, it is Truth which
is on trial.

"Sometimes a thought that would be censored even in sleep slips through.
In this case, the censorship finds it too late to retrieve its powers of
suppressing the undesirable thought which then continues to be articulate
in the sleeper. His last recourse of self-protection lies in minimizing
the impact and in denying the reality of the uncomfortable idea by say-
ing, 'It is only a dream.'" (Feldman, op. cit.) I will protect myself
against truth and its implication, a truth which can never be stated. I
just thought I would write about this, speak about this, walk about this
in your vicinity. Just that there is a permanent split between the ex-
pression of pain and pain, between the living and fulfilling of a wound
and its description. Just as the truth is implicate/d, is not susceptible
to a presencing in its fullness and fecundity, just as the truth is not
entirely constituted, so "just" and "only" serve in relation to a neces-
sary wandering that portends or procures our humanity. Beyond and beneath
the truth is the truth; there is no approach but angled.

( Truth and acceptance: Just so you will hear me. I only want you to lis-
ten to me. Just so you will listen. I only want you to hear, me, out. )

__


Saying


"She who knows does not speak.
She who speaks does not know.
Close your holes, shut your doors,
Soften your sharpness, loosen your knots."

(from Tao Te Ching, Charles Muller, trans.)

"By the way, I thought you should know this. Incidentally, it's about my
pain - to be perfectly frank, it's something I can hardly bear. Needless
to say, doctor, you've got to help me! Honest, I'm at my wit's end. Be-
fore I forget, there's a little matter of my dreams. And do you know what
happened? You know, it's hard to speak about this. Ah well, I don't care.
Of course, well, it's always difficult, am I right? Naturally, I'll con-
tinue. I don't want to hurt you, but I'm not sure you'll be able to help
me. I can't tell you how much hurt I feel. I'm running naked, everyone is
looking, and it goes without saying that I like it. I just wonder if I'm
an exhibitionist. I had a silly thought - what if I need to show myself
just so? I'm just kidding; this is ridiculous. I think it wouldn't be too
bad. Do you want me to tell you something? You enjoy looking up my skirt.
So I'm going to ask you a favor, a very big favor. What if I were to
slowly show myself to you? That's nothing! I would be more than happy to
speed up as well, show you everything! As you may remember, that's why I
came here in the first place. And you don't know this? You see what I
mean? You don't find me pleasurable; how can anyone else? You see, this is
all I have to show you! As usual, the session ... Er, Hello, Professor! I
just want you to know, I think you are terribly wrong, really. I wouldn't
show you anything, even for a million dollars! I have sixteen million
problems besides this! Now I think I'm getting you nervous, I'm stealing
the show. Well, I'm paying for it! I'm sure you're enjoying yourself. I
must admit I'm enjoying myself as well! Believe me, I want to show you
everything! Do you like it like this? Don't worry, it can only get better!
I want to ask you something, isn't this terrible? Oh, this feels so wond-
erful, I shouldn't have done it! I'm being naughty now, aren't I? How does
it make you feel? Just how much can you see? It's just a dream, I'm naked
beneath my skirt. You don't believe me? I can give you proof of anything
you like, I'm yours! After all, I'm paying for it!"

- some speech mannerisms from Feldman, op. cit.

Actionless action, about the release that occurs in relation to worlds
subsuming the surplus of language, peripheral world-words, inhalation
words. On the inhale, one is momentarily silent, absorbing the world. On
the uptake, one gathers energy, in order to expel speech. Exhalation, the
expulsion of speech, bringing forward part of the world to itself. Inhal-
ation, the taking, but also the submergence. Exhalation, the withdrawal
and drawing of boundary. 

Waiting, holding one's breath, waiting.

Exaltation.


__


OF A


THE ANNIHILATION OF THOUGHT  ( Azriel of Gerona )

Thought rises to contemplate its own innerness until its power of comp-
rehension is annihilated.

BEYOND KNOWING  ( Isaac the Blind )

The inner, subtle essences can be contemplated only by sucking, not know-
ing.

(from Daniel Matt, The Essential Kabbalah.)

The sucking, the orifice. The opening and inhaling of the world. The open-
ing through the guardian lips. The mouthings, murmurings, and burblings of
the organism in the world. 

The imbibing of the essence, the suffusion. The fruit from the rind, and
the seed from the fruit.

Sensory membranes of the guardian lips. Jouissance of murmuring speech.
The prickling of the skin, the awaiting. The coating of the material
world, the tingling of the organs.

The sweetness of the nectar, the pith. The sugars and pulp, the luscious.

The parting of the rind.

The luscious, the parting of the luscious.


__


Motto-ing of the World


"Object to Goethe because he raised the Faust of the people to a Faust in
art! Growth is the fate of humans, and this despite the fact that growth
can even prove fatal!" (from Counterpoint, Schenker, trans. Rothgeb and
Thym.)

i

Look towards the false philosophy of the masses, totality and managerial-
ity everywhere within the body politic. Look for the reconstitution of
"masses," and look for the reworking of philosophy and thought beneath,
not capital, but bandwidth. Bandwidth flows through nuclear families and
freedom mediated by technology; bandwidth descends from corporate abs-
traction, the nameless at the top, techno-fetishism at the bottom.

The operation is silent, troubling. It is the operation of the special
effect, blankness and digital dismemberment - the operation of coupling,
the easy slippage of the "you," absorption of alterity.

And I've been meaning to write this for a long time, culling the words,
clear-cutting them, walking the line of disaster.

There are two types of motto-ing (many types). Below, the non dot-com for
the most part - those whose philosophy is embedded in narratives and pro-
ducts. See how it goes. Whisper and memorize it, look how easy it slips
down and off. We're in the older economy of mediation here, as if there
were still mediatiors. We're not yet floating free.

Later, perhaps, that other which is one.

ii

There are no limits in the new world today.

It's a buyer's market. It's music to your ears. Seize the moment. Evil has
never looked this good. Be on your toes. Be comfy. Be together. To the
woman who gave me the right to vote. Single mom. And who said I could live
my life any way I choose. The revolution continues. This is true love. Be-
come a believer. Let's do this people. Somewhere beyond what you know is
an answer to split ends. Heat is beautiful. Time to get real. It's real
TV. It's your link to world and business news. Now there's a better way to
adjust your day. Incredible stuff.

Energy rush. Express yourself. Do it by feel. Get some sleep. Dream. And
wear sun screen every day. You know what's important. Advanced thinking.
Advanced care. All grown up and they still depend on me. And that I never
leave a burden to those kids. 

Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imag-
ined. I am not a victim. I am a survivor. Where does courage begin. It's
only a matter of time. What is your dream. Your car is waiting. It's all
you need. In 2000, history is made again. Connect with the game. If we all
lived here, we wouldn't have to worry about what's in our water. Lets your
family see the whole world wider. I don't have to be paranoid. Different.
What does the future hold. What will it look like? How will it feel? The
company you keep. The world of Internet business resembles a high-stakes
game of follow-the-leader. You could end up nowhere. Not only the yard-
stick - the ruler. Sync is everything. It's a rare occurrence you won't
want to miss. We bring the caring home. 

The power is yours. Add up all the times you've ever said, I really want
to, but I probably shouldn't. The forces of nature are waging a war and
the target is your deck. Imagine not being able to see. How your life
would be affected. We'll be there. I'm too sexy for the slow-lane. Too
sexy for the neighbors. Now my only challenge is making the shot. It's
about preserving your eyesight. What's more important than that? Talk to
your doctor. Do you know what your day is going to be like? I don't. Like
a rock, oh like a rock. Doctors know. I just want to celebrate. Worry
lines? Defy them. Why worry? The way that you are is just the way that you
are. Pain is what you make of it. Follow the dream. If looks could kill,
you wouldn't last five minutes. Did you know that a contact lens in the
hands of an eye-care professional can take your vision to another level?
And you thought 20-20 was as good as it gets. Turn up the mood, the frag-
rance. Now how refreshing is that? When a child takes what they've learned
and brings it to life, it becomes a part of him. I have a dream. I walk
out to the high-dive platform. When it really counts, you stand your
ground. What can we agree on? This is the beginning of a beautiful rela-
tionship.

I just want to make sure he's well looked after. I mean, this could be his
last move. Get in. Be moved. Doesn't it feel good? There are pretenders
among us. He started to fit in really well. In so many ways, in so many
places, it keeps a million disasters a day from happening. Lots of aller-
gies. Just one dose. I like the likes of you. I've got the world on a
string. On Internet time, companies grow in the blink of an eye. Changing
the way the world communicates. Imagine. What could you do with the commu-
nications to change everything? Ride the light. Got the urge. Imagine for
a moment you have everything, but need more.

Can't resist the mist.


__
  


Towards a Bending or Tension of the Real - Reading


in detail D. Bohm and B.J. Hiley, The Undivided Universe, An Ontological
Interpretation of Quantum Theory. I never identified with the hidden var-
iables part of Bohm's work, but I have identified with his work on Whole-
ness and the Implicate Order; I have part of the original manuscript,
which I received from him on one of several visits to Birkbeck College,
London. In any case, there is a striking relationship between his - and
Hiley's - work - and thinking about the relationships among ontologies and
appearances one might find in Buddhism. I'm not speaking of reincarnation
or dharma or "Buddha," but of a heterogeneity in a universe proffering
multiple ontologies on multiple levels, not exactly a (recursive) infinite
regression, but close. One finds an interconnectedness here that's hier-
archical in the sense of scale and energy, but universally spread - that's
what I tend to relate - there's something of Chuang Tzu in it as well,
which shouldn't be surprising. In fact, one has here the backdrop in the
sense of any backdrop dropping away.

I'd say Asian thought in general, fearing cries of Orientalism, but stres-
sing dialectics of illusion and transformation. And this work for me is
the clearest enunciation of these ideas - of what might be called a
fabric. Oddly, the distributivity of the Internet comes to mind - even
formally, since caching parallels, not only Indra's Net, but also what I
see as the non-distributive gestural logics of everyday life - so that,
for example, two isolated frequencies on a spectrum imply the whole. I'd
take out the mythos, the ancestors, the breathing and other hygienic
apparatus, any semblance of humans or divinities, Boddhisattvas or Arhats
or novices. I'd see what glittered - take for example the Bardo - you
might retain appearance playing itself out on one or another plane here.

The phrase translated "actionless action" - Chuang Tzu - to the extent
that intentionality is problematized - seems relevant here. Think of the
world as one of threshold logics, maintenance, etc. Think of the quietude
of consciousness, or even the trivial association of meditation with the
silent murmuring (Lingis) of the world - why such damping would be even
considered necessary. Or consider the knot of contradiction which occurs
within language - anywhere from Kabbalah to Heisenberg/Schrodinger/Russell
- and possibilities/impossibilities of resolution - and Russell and White-
head's baroque scheme of types to suture over the subject/enunciation of
classical logic in such a fashion. You might get there through the irres-
olution of resolution, or the resolution of irresolution - I imagine a
distributivity, probability cloud, over such reasoning itself. So you
might within a certain economy - political and economic - get somewhere
here - reside within a certain un/mapping nomadicism - and then - and for
how long does this hold? As if distinction (Bourdieu) or style carried
through, beyond epistemology, to ontologies. 

And I always thought of a relativized existentialism, i.e. to the extent
that X-exists - the question - exists in what domain? For example - the
existence of integers, irrationals, non-standard or imaginary numbers,
etc. - the existence of quarks, virtual particles - the existence of the
Empire State Building - the existence of pain, and so forth - all of these
at variance, speaking of/spoken within particular domains. So perception,
appearance, and ontology all interconnect - as they do in Bohm and Hiley -
it's this I'm comfortable with - excited by. "What has been constant in
this overall historical development is a pattern in which at each stage,
certain features are regarded as appearance, while others are regarded as
of an essence which explains the appearance on a qualitatively different
basis. But what is taken as essence at any stage, is seen to be appearance
of a still more fundamental essence. Ultimately, everything plays both the
role of appearance and that of essence. If, as we are suggesting, this
pattern never comes to an end, then ultimately all of our thought can be
regarded as appearance, not to the senses, but to the mind." "Another way
of looking at the notion of appearances is to note that appearances basic-
ally are what arise in our perception of the world." (Quotes from Bohm and
Hiley.) And so forth. This is, of course, and I'd say (good neo-Platonist
that I am) _naturally,_ grounded in considerable mathematical apparatus -
between the phenomenology of experience / experience, and mathesis / math-
ematics, there is an entire dialectic, with most of the physical work oc-
curring in the latter - something necessary and accepted by Bohm and
Hiley.

Behind the appearance, ontology; behind the ontology - appearance, all
within a hierarchy (one might also say stuttered hierarchy, I believe, or
even holarchy) of accessible and inaccessible levels. So one might also
argue for a depth and a hollowness to the world - who is to say, that with
increasing amounts of energy, new particles/spaces/concepts will not ap-
pear indefinitely? This is the viewpoint of the book - and strange to say,
it also relates (again of course) to the phenomenology of the Internet, to
the concept of information all the way up and down - to, in fact, (taking
a personal position here) my "usage" of Jennifer/Nikuko/Alan, and others
who are moving irregularly among levels, insisting through _wryting_ on a
problematic (wrong-headed, wrong-leveled perhaps) ontology or ontological
_persuasion_ against what appears to be the superstructural and foreclosed
Maya of the symbolic. For which reason, on the level of the psychoanalyt-
ic, I tend to favor the imaginary, those irruptions/disruptions/peripher-
alities that also, I believed, engaged "the" Kristeva of Revolution in
Poetic Language.

Not that I would make this move (withdrawing now) from the sciences to the
humanities, except to reiterate as Bohm said in conversation, Art is a
fitting, a making-fit. - and what would that be, among the plurality of
theories, levels, ontologies, epistemologies, and worlds, except something
always already interstitial, liminal - and thereby challenging - and
exactly where it should be?


_


Philosophy of the Managerial Elite: "WWI WWII WWW."


"Power is brilliant; subsume the revolution. Make manageriality work. Let
money make money. Emerge from abstraction into abstraction. Look towards a
future of language. Let violence transform the cutting-edge of consonants. 
Deliver content. Slit the womb for the perfect technology. Birthing fiber-
optic has never been easier. The pulse of the real is powered. The World-
Wide-Web, a fun version of military violence. Quotes from television, Net-
work World, Wired." Outside (within the explicit order), the slaughter of
the world: enfolded into broadband.

"The south is limitless, but has limits." (Hui Tzu.)
"The south is borderless, but has borders." (Hui Shih.)

Works like a dream. What do you want to protect? You could be next. Your
window of opportunity just opened. It's a buyer's market. Seize the mo-
ment. Ticker hour. I've got the world on a string. Dive in, the ticker's
fine. Home sweet ticker. Profit from it. If you lived before our time, who
would you be? Who would you be? How would you live? Things are changing.
We wanted you to know. No easier way to manage your money. Either way they
sing. We bring the caring home. Always be yourself. It's music to your
ears. That's all it takes to make your dreams come true. You never know
when nature will take its course. That's the kind of play we need. What
does it take to win them all? Who says you can't have it all? Welcome back
to the world. What do you want the internet to be? "Where business and
imagination find each other." Two become as one. Flexibility is power. Let
your people work from anywhere. Take me to the network where speed meets
performance. If the Internet has changed the world, you might say we've
changed the Internet. Now or Later, You Decide. Could you delete him be-
fore he reaches the car? I am NOT a piece of your inventory. I am an in-
dividual and you will respect my privacy. On the Net I am in control. Are
we the cutting edge of avant-garde? So even the middle of nowhere can be
the hub of activity. Exit the ordinary. Finally, a revolution where you
won't get jailed, shot or beheaded. Being Human in the Digital Age. The
Taj Mahal was built to last forever. Does your company share the same
vision? WWI WWII WWW. Power this triumphant now available in a battery.

The office has left the building. Communication uprising. Thoughts that
stick. Make shopping happen anywhere. The Net opens many doors. Maybe you
should lock some of them behind you. Confidence online. Web animation.
Tight integration. Killer. Now available on earth. Nothing attracts like
real media. Write and be read. Speak and be felt. They say you've been
leaving voice-mails that sound unclear. But face it, reality has a pulse.

__


perception is the appearance of thought; thought
    reflects appearance; the real is always thought;
    the real is an appearance; letting-go produces
    nothing; think within the maelstrom; let the
    maelstrom carry one along; think within the
    turbulence of the current; measure nothing;
    take no steps; think furiously; one step ahead
    of the other; flee from propriety; recognize
    correctness and withdraw; carry nothing;
    take nothing with you; escape silence; search
    in heat; of the fury, speak constantly
existence is bound; to be what i say it means;
    slipping away after sight or use; it pivots; not,
    not at all, neither, never, nor; without,
    attempt without means; measure without the
    mean; what is meant here and now; ipseity;
    ontology without background; the scope of
    the world; its style; exact being; what
    appears released; what appears in release
formation of self through insertion of Eye in 
    language; the shifter; bandwidth; garnering
    of coherence; the strategy
it is here, no it is over here, no it is made there,
    no it is created here, no it is just over there,
    no it is a little over there, no it is right here,
    no it is somewhere, no it isn't anywhere that i
    can see, no it's here


__


unclearness of plenitude


for the righteous.
   i am for the righteous.
for god.
   it is true. for or forward for god. 
   for the preservation of species.
call on god.
   i call on god for the naming of plenitude.
   for a word or for a sign.
grace.
   grace, for a sign is grace.
   for there is no grace beyond sign.
the calling.
   there is calling without god.
   there is calling upon names.
   there is the speaking of plenitude.*
   unlasting.


    *speaking about plenitude, and plenitude who is speaking -
    the text is unclear.

__


1986 Chinese Dictionary: Store Grain among the People.


repent; make amends; be steeped in evil and refuse to repent

climb to the top of the dyke; reach the summit; set foot on African soil;
Hatred of the enemy, for old and new wrongs, welled up in his heart.; lock
the door; lock up; put on a coat; become an accountant; be late for the
meal; Have you got in touch with him? She's fallen in love with the grass-
lands.; He seized a shovel and set to.; at the meeting; what is reported
in the newspapers; in fact; in reality; actually; in theory; theoretical-
ly; to be decided by the Party organization; The play is a success both
politically and artistically.; There's a map on the wall.; Put the book on
the table.; Our barefoot doctors have got calluses on their hands, mud on
their feet, medicine kits across their shoulders, and love for the poor
and lower-middle peasants in their hearts.

eye; be blind in both eyes; look; regard; regard as a miracle; item; de-
tailed items; order; suborder; a list of things; catalogue; table of con-
tents; book list; objective; target; hit the target; military objective;
military target; goal; aim; objective; the great goal of communism; a
common revolutionary objective

road; way; path; a mountain path; channel; course; change of course of the
Huanghe River; way; method; the way to keep fit; deal with a man as he
deals with you; pay back in his own coin; principle; criticize the doct-
rines of Confucius and Mencius; Taoism; Taoist; a Taoist temple; a Taoist
priest; superstitious sect; superstitious sects and secret societies;
line; draw a slanting line; a river; myriads of golden rays; two success-
ive doors; three lines of defence; an order; set five questions for an
examination; serve four courses; save one step in the process; say; talk;
speak; have a glib tongue; have the gift of the gab; as the saying goes;
think; suppose; So it's you! I thought it was Lao Zhou.

stop; prevent; stop from going; turn gloomy; turn glum; dejected; depres-
sed; dispirited; disenheartened; The enemy's morale is low.

armed forces; army; troops; join the army; learn military affairs; learn
from the PLA; wipe out an enemy army; cadres including and above the level
of army commander; cadres of army level and above.

not conform to; be unsuited to; be out of keeping with; not conform to the
rules; be unsuited to present needs; be out of keeping with the objective
conditions; not up to the required standard; below the mark; be tempera-
mentally incompatible; not be to her taste; not appeal to her; be out of
keeping with the times; be incompatible with present needs; should not;
ought not; Had we foreseen that, we would not have let him go.

build; construct; erect; construct a bridge; erect a tall building; build
a railway; All exploiters build their happiness on the suffering of the
working people; building; structure; edifice

entrance; door; gate; Please use the south entrance.; front (back) door;
school gate; stove door; valve; switch; air valve; switch; way to do
something; knack; After working in the steel mill for a while I got an
inkling of how steel is made. family; wealthy and influential family;
(religious) sect; school (of thought); Buddhism class; category; divide
into different categories; phylum; subphylum; Vertebrata; a piece of
artillery; a cannon; a gun; two subjects; two courses; AND gate; NOT gate;
a surname

bored; depressed; in low spirits; Don't you feel bored staying here all
alone? Why not come out with us for a walk? tightly closed; sealed

hide; conceal; Grandma hid the wounded Eighth Route Army man in her
house.; This chap can't keep anything to himself.; store; lay by; store
grain among the people.


__

Alphabet

ayr bei kri dre ju na pau nu su swu lo tral tre h'ru h're yau yu ywu fo
zhou t'e

_


Poem of Differences Generating Differences

1	h > zz
3,5c3
< 1a2,3
< > 2	h >> zz
< > 3	h > yy
---
> 3	h > yy
3,7c3,7
< 1a2,3
< > 2	h >> zz
< > 3	h > yy
< 2c2,5
< < 3,5c3
---
> 3	h > yy
> 2,4c2,6
> < 2	h >> zz
> < 1a2,3
> < > 2	h >> zz
9,22c9,13
< > 2	h >> zz
< > 3	h > yy
< > 2,4c2,6
< > < 2	h >> zz
< 5d7
< < < > 3	h > yy
< 7c9,13
< < > 3	h > yy
< ---
< > > 3,5c3
< > > < 1a2,3
< > > < > 2	h >> zz
< > > < > 3	h > yy
< > > ---
---
> > 3,5c3
> > < 1a2,3
> > < > 2	h >> zz
> > < > 3	h > yy
> > ---

__


unclearness of wounding


through my mother's death (which she no longer possesses),
 i have determined (as has been determined for me): 
 that there is only one death; that this death has no number;
 that it is lived once; that it is harbored as a secret illness;
 that it is coveted in secret; that it comes but once, remains;
that there is only one passage, one text, one whisper;
that nothing is of import; that cathection is cathected;
 investment invested; meaning meant and maintained;
that death is no example; that memory declares, withdraws;
 that death is always for the living; that living death is
 constancy; that annihilation is the value of a world; 
that negation is a token; that ipseity struggles with the angel;
 that writing is of the suppurated body; that skin is wound;
 that wound or illness have no death (i.e. have nothing to do
 with death, or continue past the death of the individual - or
 that wounding and illness are continuous - the text is unclear)

_


unclearness of writing


the text is unclear (that I have written an unclear text; that I don't
understand the text I have written; that the text which has written itself
through me is unclear; that these reasons and motivations, results and
phenomenologies, are unclear); that the text is blurred, confused; that
the text is unreadable; that the letters themselves are unreadable; that
the lines are askew; that the referents are unknown or peculiar; that the
referents are one-to-many; that the text is far too abstract; that it
references things, persons, or events totally obscure (that I have gone
into hiding; that I am uncertain of my meaning; that I am drawn to the
unknown or obscure; that my thinking itself is askew; that I employ un-
clear writing as a defense or strategy; that I am asserting something I do
not seem to be asserting; that my real intent and content are elsewhere);
that it goes elsewhere; that it goes without saying

__


Department of Language


Put to death anyone working in the Department of Language.
Our motto is death to anyone working in language.
This order which shall not be countermanded applies on every level.
Those in charge of referents deserve our special attention.
Language shall not be tethered with any relation to the real.
Let death be quick for those concerned with antiquity and adjectives.
Let those compiling concordances die the slowest death of all.
Our motto is let the work come swiftly to an end.
Not language but workers shall become a memory written in language.
This order is against the possibility of survival.
Not libraries but librarians shall be slaughtered as well.
Libraries are not tethered to the Department of Language.
The trouble with libraries is the records of every department.
Let the records be freed and released and leave the libraries alone.
Our motto is release the records and release the librarians.
Our motto is only the Department of Language but never the libraries.
This order shall not be countermanded.

__

