=



Dance Notes (to Foofwa, Azure)


( This is one direction )

0 - "avoidance dance guidance impedance riddance"

1 - Mudra and other gestures from Thai dance - series of poses - building
a code into the gestures - each image differently transformed, transform-
ing - the body taut, bound -

2 - Activation of spaces - playgrounds - ropes and interior hiding spaces
- mountains, valleys, rivers - banks or borders - hiding out - architec-
tures of infinitely internal spaces - Ann and Lawrence Halprin - viral -
mudra portals within them -

3 - The slew of names - names flooding everywhere - mudra-shifting, shape-
riding - names riding down, collapsing, painted on the body - crawling
through names - fucking through names - pronunciation and increase of
names - names as viral - ftp://ftp.cerias.purdue.edu/pub/dict - mudra-
names and portals -

4 - Noh - glass and brittle shifting of movement - shuddered - stuttered -
each gesture in the pronunciation of worlds - splintering of half-ghosts
and pronunciations - motions across miniscule spaces / stages - caught
among hungry ghosts - fucking ghosts - mudra inversions of names - space
falling out away from the body -

5 - Pushing over the body from the chest, falling backwards - pushing
against the feet, tripping, falling forwards - pushing just above or below
the knees - body sliding backwards, remaining upright - that cultivated
zone of stance -

6 - Hungry dancers - the Ninubaski Master - Nijinsky, Nureyev, Baryshni-
kov - linked to names - the strut - the lift - mudra adaptations - one
name then another - Nikuko name-changing - Alan registration-of-names -

7 - Building up intensity, holding it there - Carrie (Brian de Palma,
Stephen King) and abjection - flooding of names and identities - liquid
effects on video - images smeared into one another -

8 - Spaces and corners - upper surfaces of beams - chanting of names -
everything collapsing into the substance of the vacuum - from this are
born universes -

9 - I dance worlds into existence; I dance worlds out of existence.

( This is another )

0 - "avoidance dance guidance impedance riddance"

1 - Forgotten names - names from holocausts - dance to stay alive -

2 - Forgotten labor - labors from camps - dance to stay alive - names of
dancers - names of dancers - out of gesture, language proceeds -

3 - Nijinski - I'm afraid to go on, you're going to kill me, the trapdoor
opens to an endless pit, I'm not going to move, I'm not going to climb up,
there's terror at the top, I'm going home, I'd rather dance on an empty
stage -

4 - Baryshnikov - I'm very glad to welcome you to the beautiful and excit-
ing world of dance - dance is undergoing a renaissance in America - you
are my beautiful dancers - we will work very hard but the work will be
rewarding - you may have seen me -

5 - Nureyev - I don't know Nureyev - I will leave him up to you - I will
leave him in your hands - at night I dream of Russia - Nihilism - the
harsh plundering of the past and future - apropos of the wet snow, I am a
useless man - I will bend towards the travesty of suffering and exhaustion
- I walk around aimless, I don't know what to do - I will scream existence
- the world collapses in the absurdity of God - if the absurdity of God
can be realized, anything can -

6 - I dance myself into existence - I dance myself out of existence.

__


paste

i am doomed to this, annoying repetition, words roiling, failing, scaffold
collapse, whole building having such-and-such a tendency. but wait, can
talk about comedy, pleasures of vegetables, just about anything at all.
but wait -

because the name slips i can sleep at night knowing there is nothing to
know, nothing of certainty which forestalls the pretense of an image
frightening itself against the skin of my back, taut with pain in regard
to the future of the word, scrawled across prescient flesh, waiting for
the signifier or just anything that might say, this is it ti itt tti, such
slipping as forsaking dream, leaving everything to chance and the slipping
of the thing which is knot, but would be bound to the thing, that is its
future, and the future of the thing, were things allowed

but wait -

midnight phrases say say the same old thing - then the next morning, oh
i'm crushed by the business of the day framing failure, whittling away,
whatever, taking thought with itself in perfect freedom, but unable to
return to comedy or vegetables or pleasures; just when there's faltering
health, i try to remember where i am in work which remains untethered,
loosened, the annoyance of going nowhere

perhaps these words and skittered proper names are all that remains when
every leads to every, when they're all constituted, when organism is built
at universal corporate cost

"As Adorno was to warn at the end of the decade in _Minima Moralia,_ 'the
whole is the untrue.'" (Permanent Exiles, Essays on the Intellectual
Migration from Germany to America, Martin Jay, unpriced, 1986, universal
corporate cost)

__


If you write and don't proclaim your work, you don't write.
If you write and don't publish, you're not writing.
If you don't beg for an audience, you've broken the letters.
If your audience doesn't come, the tablets decay.

When the tablets decay, there's no help for you.
When the letters are broken, everything is lost.
When you're not writing, the people suffer.
When you're not writing, the people are starving.

If the people are starving, they have no time to read.
If the people suffer, they have no time to listen.
If everything is lost, language disappears.

When language disappears, the names of the people are unknown.
When the names of the people are unknown, the people disappear.
When the people disappear, everything is ruined. 

__


I Steal Work


I absorb and swallow their names: What else am I supposed to do? Hundreds
of nameless writers, just beginning, sending me everything. I have a con-
fession to make: I have stolen all my work. Hundreds of nameless writers,
just beginning, sending me everything.

I absorb and swallow their names: What else am I supposed to do? calls out
shadows last fucking word, ingesting, excreting. outside of the hanged, I
absorb and swallow their names: What else am I supposed to do? There is no
outside of the hanged. I'm ugly, arrogant. splayings, hundreds of nameless
writers, just beginning, sending me everything. ... I have a confession to
make: I have stolen all my work.  - it's the end of everything

Are you satisfied I swallow their words and names? what else am I supposed
to do?

They're dirt. I'm ugly and barely alive.

_


The Thinking of Animals


"The injunction to practice intellectual honestly usually amounts to sabo-
tage of thought." Adorno, Minima Moralia. "The possibility of pogroms is
decided in the moment when the gaze of a fatally-wounded animal falls on a
human being." (ibid.) 


_


immortals


immortals! think of way
becoming not way or think
of not thinking way, immortals!
it's the last of it, 
this way, immortals!
lost in the woods, immortals!
this way out! now about those
names, immortals! the name
becoming not name 
gives the world, immortals!
this way out!

immortals!: As we live by the Muses, it is but a Gratitude in us to
encourage Poetical Merit wherever we find it. The Muses, contrary to
all other Ladies, pay no Distinction to Dress, and never partially
mistake the Pertness of Embroidery for Wit, nor the Modesty of Want
for Dulness. Be the Author who he will, we push his Play as far as it
will go. So (though you are in Want) I wish you success heartily.
(Gay, The Beggar's Opera)

this way out, immortals!
this way out!


[Exeunt.

__


Furious Anger


If I could murder through this machine, I'd kill everyone. calls forth
hysteria
s last_suck, ingesting, excreting.
without the ,  If I could murder through this machine, I'd kill
everyone. is sus
pensions, 041],  I'll make things better by violent and furious actions.?
... last_suck is  You don't have to understand; I'll cut out your
tongue! in bla
ck earth, it's last_suck?Give a name to your process -
 I know if I can just work on it my anger will take over the world.
 I'll make things better by violent and furious actions.
 If I could murder through this machine, I'd kill everyone.
 Somehow people will die or take pity on me!
 I'll succeed because of you by virtue of furious criminality.
 You don't have to understand; I'll cut out your tongue!
 You don't have to speak; you'll just do my bidding!
 My anger will make me successful; my anger is my garden and my morgue.
 This is my life and my work and I'll ste
 I know if I can just work on it my anger will take over the world. churns
dark
in the valley where you huddle. -
Your comfort is grabbed by d'eruza, d'nala and you -
al and murder for it.
 Take pity on me! Give me wonderful success!Keep together, swallow dirt,
eat eac
h other.

Your dead words are your love?

I rip your cock, your eyes, your mind,  I know if I can just work on it my
anger
 will take over the world. 
Your strangled_tongue calls me.


_


Tumor Text-Growth


ls -la .snapshot/hourly.* | grep ln >> zz; cat zz

-rw-------   1 sondheim  users   78191 Sep  1 18:56 ln
-rw-------   1 sondheim  users   77414 Sep  1 13:34 ln
-rw-------   1 sondheim  users   77136 Sep  1 01:06 ln
-rw-------   1 sondheim  users   77136 Sep  1 01:06 ln
-rw-------   1 sondheim  users   78191 Sep  1 18:56 ln
-rw-------   1 sondheim  users   79589 Sep  2 01:04 ln

Violent growth of text/theory file within ~/ home directory 
of sondheim: seething mass of theoretical debris.

Mud-slime of latinate terminologies, ideolectical processes
and theoretical debris.

Cancer-tumor of explanatory theoretical debris.

Viscous liquidity of pruning growth critique of abstractive
protocols, languages, and processes, blooming of theoretical
debris.


_
  


This is a perfect text by Alan Sondheim. It has everything in it: theory,
diegetic, founded on the at-handedness of the thetic. Just beyond there,
form is now beginning to disappear. It's as if there never were form from
form, repetition, exhaustion, formation, from too much form. There is a
theory of names: Nikuko, Jennifer. Their scent is overwhelming. There is
nothing but what I write myself, into existence. It's an alphabetic liter-
ature, sex. The lines are divided in an unexciting way. But that lets you
sort what needs unraveling. The perfect text by Alan Sondheim ends here.
The intensity though! There's an overture made to traditional form from
the very beginning. There is self-deprecation: I can't conceivably write.
hourly.0 hourly.1 hourly.2 hourly.3 nightly.0 Sun Sep 3 00:57:03 EDT 2000.

_


Genesis 0


Bad magic: No world not called from trigger restricted illegal destination
world file none. Restriction level can not be lowered. warning: invalid
path value file load interrupted: line: warning: possibly missing trailing
warning: whitespace following final Invalid command. Aborting. load: un-
known error reading file missing filename No binding may be called only
directly from a macro, not in command substitution. not a builtin command:
no such command or macro too many recursions. Try using instead expression
stack underflow dirty expression stack warning: non-numeric string value
used in numeric context expression stack overflow stack underflow warning:
possibly missing before operator: arithmetic overflow illegal object of
assignment division by zero internal error: reduce: bad restricted can not
be closed: illegal object of assignment unknown key name illegal field
name getopts can not be used in a macro called as a function. invalid op-
tion specifier: not supported function name must be an identifier. substi-
tution in expression is legal, but redundant. Help on subject not found.
not enough memory for lines of history. missing arguments: syntax error in
recall range. extra characters after recall range: history scan disabled.
No world lines?  Don't be ridiculous.

no such world. default world.

Please report this to the author, and describe what you did.

__


Y-Tao

 
Of not, none; of none, not; of memory, none; of memory, not; of saga, none
; of saga, not. Tao is of language and anecdote, not; of myth and mythos,
not; of parable, not; none of epistemology. Of theory, not; of knowledge,
not; thus of early worlding perfect and purity, not; no thus; of scaffold-
ing, none; of thinking perfect and pure; of thinking, not. Tao is perfect
pure. Tao moves not against and against not. Tao speech is perfect is pure
speech. Tao is perfect there not there. Of living, not: none of living.

Crawl hanged_woman of living, none dirt-eaten through, of not, none; of
none, not; of memory, none; of memory, not; of saga, none; of saga, not.

_


We're all dead men anyway. So's the rest of them. So are the women but
they're not men. But when they die, they're dead men anyway. They're all
dead men, we're all dead men. So's the rest of them. There's nothing when
we're dead, nothing. We're all men. We're men whether we're men or women.
We're all dead men when we're dead, when there's nothing.

So what if we're alive. So what if we're women and men. We're all dead men
whether we're dead or alive. So's the rest of them. There's men and women
and there's dead men. There's nothing but dead men.

Why do you say that? There's dead men. This isn't a healthy way of think-
ing. So we're all dead. Does it bother you that you, too, may die someday?
Nothing bothers me; we're all dead men. They're all dead men. So's the
rest of them. So's the women. They're all dead men. I'm worried by your
obsession with this topic.

Don't worry about nothing. We're all dead. We're all dead men. Don't tell
me what to do. I am the psychiatrist here! Maybe your plans have something
to do with this. I'm not telling you nothing. You understand that? You're
dead too. We're all dead men here.

_


Whispers from . . .


Sage Leaves, 1945
Russell Sage College


October sparkle in her eyes . . . "it's
wunnerful" . . . see a pin and pick it
up . . . "the social smile, the sympa-
thetic ear" . . . a way with wit.

Ensign Allen! . . . fireside legends
. . . "Those We Love" . . . the red
bus to Scotia . . . "creepers!" . . .
eyes of blue dusk . . . the catchingest
gal we know.

Surprise her and watch those eyes . . .
hells that click . . . "purr-r-r" . . .
the night is young . . . Sun Maid
. . . vim, vigor, and an outdoor glow.

Colors of an autumn landscape . . .
thirteen bracelets . . . "That man
Schwamm simply kills me" . . . demon
with the duck pins . . . the four-year
sock--knit one, purl two, drop three.

Glamour girl in bobby socks . . . age
of innocence . . . tumbling taffy
tresses . . . cinematic fanatic . . .
modern chic in an old-world setting
. . . something for the boss.

Nut-brown maiden . . . strains of a
Chopin nocturne . . . bittersweet . . .
lissome silhouette . . . finance board
finagler . . . lamblike disposition . . .
"to the manor born."

Tomboysterous towhead . . . energy
of a windmill, and vitamin plus . . .
mercurial youth . . . "Am I not a
lord?" . . . the amazing amazon . . .
he came, he saw, he conquered.

Solitary refinement . . . delicacy of
a French wax doll . . . the well-
tempered typist . . . shy reliability
. . . Jenny Wren with a scholarly yen.

Peppermint-flavored . . . birdlike
cheerfulness . . . trips to Princeton
. . . mathematician's capability . . .
utility of a Dutch Oven . . . a vein
of uniqueness.

Town and Country . . . LS-MFT
. . . bonnie Scotch lass . . . Van Der
Heyden's moderator . . . worrybird
. . . impersonations . . . wind in the
willows . . . "What's the joke, you
motorboat?"

Ace in Argyles . . . "Night and Day"
. . . '45's cash register . . . prefers
hookey to hockey . . . cool cosmop-
olite . . . Superb in Tweeds . . .
the P.E.'s point with pride.

That mischievous glint in her eye . . .
a mint of modes . . . that red-head of
mine . . . "Oh Sugar! I've got so
much to do!" . . . the staff of deter-
mination.

"Don't call me Aggie!" . . . golf
without tears . . . green of the sham-
rock . . . the uncluttered composure
of blancmange . . . domino neatness
. . . always at Sage's beck.

Boss lady . . . X-ray frankness and
boomerang repartee . . . Gaelic grin
. . . B is for Blake . . . sizzling cere-
bration  . . New Scotland Ave. and
the McAllister clan.

Infectious comedy . . . prankishness
of a gnome . . . befuddled philoso-
pher . . . brains in spite of herself
. . . suits to suit . . . our Katzen-
jammer Kid.

Friendship's garden . . . a diadem of
serenity . . . Kaltenborn for Quill
. . . Song of India . . . a Sari of
lavender and gold . . . Mohak of the
dusky braids.

Camouflaged T.N.T. . . . a book and
a nook . . . warehouse of knowledge
. . . silver pennies for her thoughts
. . . exactness de rigeur . . . a goal
in life.

"Dark with excessive bright" . . . the
postman's message to Garcia . . . La
Tulipe Noire . . . time waits for no
one but Wanda . . . exotica . . . a
night in the gardens of Spain.

'Gleaming in purple and gold" . . .
biology breadwinner . . . 'cello virtu-
oso, and unpretentious scholar . . .
Pied Piper for the science lab . . . a 
laugh that enjoys itself.

"Shirl," the deacon . . . "Gosh, kids,
what'll I do?" . . . basketball whirl-
wind  . . . Ed . . . unexpected
callers, sudden trips, and a ring . . .
thistledown elf in a workaday world.


_


Requested, Whispers from . . .


Sage Leaves, 1945
Russell Sage College


Every course has its lab hours, whether they include tap and clog, test
tubes, or tailoring techniques. All lectures and no practice makes Sally
only alf a scholar, so swing your partner and catalogue your compounds.

Did I make a home run? I thought this was third base!

Sometimes we take a busman's holiday and spend our spare time in reading
. . . 'While strolling through the park one day" . . . in May or December,
Troy may see Sage's window - shoppers making their rounds . . . You can
always tell a Sage girl by the adroit way she handles a teacup.

Winter artistry adorns a formerly drab scene. Don't fire till you see the
whites of their snowballs. "Christmas comes but once a year, and therefore
let's be merry." Merry Christmas to all, and to all a goodnight.

The final page of the exam . . . a painless parting.

How do you pronounce it? Russell Sage's quiz of the airwaves. We were
surprised to hear that it was pronounced "tomayto" or "tomahto" but
"nee-ther" is preferred.

Through the medium of Review, hidden literary lights may emerge from their
bushels and shine in print. Each issue holds a new crop of "felicitous"
verbal greenery, and we watch with interest for each metaphorical sprout.
With three issues a college year, a choice number of sessions, not
dissimilar to bull sessions, ensure just before publication where fancy
interrupts critical opinion, and critical opinion reverses fancy, and so
on.


Our "sisters under the sheepskin" whom we took in as freshmen . . .
sophomores in-between . . . in fact, the essential filling.


Every last book, blanket, and curtain tie . . . bands of Sageites are
disbanding, the family Ford is at the door, and it's

All aboard for tomorrow!


_
