


Ah'ulabi!


Ah'ulab! ("Woe!" old Akkadian), Ah'ulabi! ("Woe is me!") - two forms that
deserve recognition, reinstatement in the corpus. "h'" is guttural "ch" as
in "Achtung." But you can't mix those languages. Still, in English at the
very least I want to argue for the recuperation of this interjection. Why?
Ah'ulabi! I'm feeling ill at the moment, and this resonates from the depth
of my being. Note I did not say "depths," but confined it to that singular
plateau accompanying any sickness. Ah'ulab! for those who feel as I do,
unable to focus properly, the nose stuffed, fever high, chills percolating
through the body. "Ah'ulabi!"


==


Hlothhere, Eadric, Wihred, and Ine


"Hey, if you walk off with that cup and we're all drinking here, pay up a
shilling and twelve to the king!"

"But ah'ulab! If you walk out of here with a bit of bloodshed, watch
out! Give the king 50 shilling, and do something or other for the host."

The host: "I don't care what she gives me. I just want something or other.
It's been a rough night, what with the drinking and all."

The king: "You shouldn't have taken out that weapon! Now give 12 shillings
to me and one to the host. You'll feel better in the morning. Put that
away!"

"Now let's go somewhere really neat! If you're sacrificing to the devils -
I don't care what kind of sacrifice - and your wife doesn't know this,
you've got to turn over just about everything! And that's not all - just
wait! You've got to give healsfang as well - another 120 shillings!
Ah'ulab! Where are you going to get all that?"

Host: "It's terrific though if you're a slave! Just pay six shillings and
sacrifice to all the devils you want! You might be flogged, but that's a 
small price to pay!"

Slave: "Anything but this, I really don't want to be flogged! I promise to
be good, I won't sacrifice to the devils any more! I promise, I promise!
Look, I'm sweating!"

Host: "Well, we could always fuck of course. But then we'd have to give it
all up or be kicked out of the church."

Slave: "We could start a church of our own!"

Host: "We'd have to get a really big building!"

King: "Not if I have anything to do with it!"

Host: "We might have to fight, and if anyone fights in the palace, he's
got to give up everything and the king decides whether he lives or dies!"

King: "That's me as well! Now I don't know what to do! A'hulabi! I'll have
to give up everything to the luscious slave! She'll be my master! That
sounds excellent!"

"If you guys continue fighting and drinking, I'll be really patient and
you'll owe me 30 shillings."

Slave: "It's worth it! This is really great!"

"Hey, we're wandering way off the track here, but we're shouting and
blowing horns and making noise in all sorts of ways, so we don't have to
be killed or redeemed!"

Host: "I promise not to fight in the castle!"



