=


Up-to-date kings, Alfred, Athelstan, and Ine


"This started with the shields. Don't put sheepskin on a shield! If you 
"do that, you owe thirty shillings! Ah'ulab! It's worse on Sunday!

"And I'd be careful about dogs, because if one bites a guy to death, 
"he's got to pay six shillings, and that's just for the first offense. 
"The second time, he'd better have twelve shillings, and the third,
"thirty. I suppose after that, we'd better take the dog away.

"If you've got a dog, it's called a "pet."

"Sometimes a "pet" means a particularly friendly dog. But if you keep 
"the animal which is killing all these people, you'd better be prepared 
"to pay.

"If you've got any sort of pet, you'd better be prepared to pay. If
"you've got a nun you've taken, you've got to pay one-hundred-twenty
"shillings. That's an incredible amount! Don't take nuns! It goes half
"to the king and half to the bishop and church.

"If you've got to "pet nuns," be careful; if the nun has a kid, it's not
"going to get any inheritence - and either will the nun! And this is on
"top of the one-hundred-twenty shillings. This isn't really worthwhile
"unless she's a terrific nun!

"You'd better be careful where you're going. If you break into the
"castle, you've got to pay one-hundred-twenty! If you break into the
"archbishop's place, that's ninety, and if it's just the bishop, it's
"sixty. If you break into a man who's got the twelve-hundred wergeld, you
"owe thirty; if he's got the six-hundred, fifteen shillings. If you break
"into the earl's enclosure, though, it's only five shillings, and that
"might be worthwhile!

"But ah'ulab! If you break in during Lent or when the army's running
"around, you owe double all of that!

"Now suppose you're the brother of the nun or just thinking about stir-
"ring trouble because your sister's messing about with the bishop. You
"can fight the guy any way you want without starting a vendetta, if the
"guy's under the blanket with her. This holds with your wife or your
"mother or your daughter for that matter. But your mother better be
"married, because if she's not, none of this holds and the vendetta is on
"its way. So think of it like this -

"Your mom screws your dad who leaves her. You're born later on and have
"a go at life. Your mom wants a go at it too and takes up with some guy
"who lives in the bishop's castle. Say he's a cook. Well you hear about
"it, but what can you do? First, you wait until the middle of the night,
"sneak into the room and find them both in bed under the blanket. It's
"got to be the same blanket - if he's under one and she's under the
"other, it doesn't count! Then what? You still can't do anything to help
"your mom by killing the cook because she wasn't married in the first
"place! So you go out and steal a nun and break into the earl's enclosure
"with her and owe one-hundred-twenty shillings, which given everything
"else going on in your life, might be worth it after all!

"Remember, you can't sell a horse across the sea! You can't even get it
"there! Not even if it's a pet!"


