


/HONEY HOLE in TEXT/

Blood:Tend lists and you swallow the _stuff_ of the Net wholesale. Packe
Fantasm:tive substructures within the work as a whole. (Such are Clara H
Past:words could be swallowed whole-heartedly - using spell-checkers of 
Past:into my hole. It's my organ. I don't care
Weather:(sondheim@netcom.netcom.com) has joined channel #hole *** Topic 
ah:pointed out (this whole post is somewhat a repeat, for which I'm sorr
an:ber us, take our flesh back to their dominions, swallow us whole from
ba:swollen holes, penises, aureoles, vaginas, asses, complexions, finger
bb:of the black hole within which everything is lost; this is the moment
d.txt:For those who haven't seen this before, here's a black-hole circul
dd:  @exits / holes
dd:you-know-language, sheen, tongue-rimmed, hole towards u, cum across u
dd:depth of the hole merges with the surface of the hole; the rim of the
dd:always this Other. Death is always the occasion of the hole whose rim
dd:I was following WEB INVERSION HYPERTEXT; I was opening the hole of
dd:cholera caused by
dd:hole as if I were
dd:pothole created by glacial waters, almost like a 
ee:shut. That our holes are sewn shut too.)
ee:                               shitting hole
gg:(hole.jpg for cybermind)
gg:rock, split of skin, wound or hole or conveyance. Fissure is unrepres
h.txt:borrowed, furrowed tissues slathered dark into the wormholes of pl
i.txt:corrupt files, reduce the whole to blank and irretrievable sequenc
j.txt:There where the mud seethed from the hole. Where the bloody finger
j.txt:drills the hole. Superman cuts the skin. He bleeds like the Jews, 
jj:just behind the eyes tightly-closed, whole worlds of images; and you 
jo:Informations flow through part-objects, structures, Jennifer-Alan's h
jq:Sexthing is windowpane between suck _x_ and hole , clear acid between
jq:ted by the suck dead hole suck body hole suck beneath you, Jennifer h
jq:sememe of suck /i hole suck / beneath you, Jennifer hole suck /body h
ju:ing up .*rc files helps; the whole behaves like organism under attack
jv:grabmyhairwillyouswallowmehole!#bodies sprawled across power-supplies
jw:the mode of reminiscence, the open hole, the corrosion. You will read
jw:and planes, including a box, added; pictures are hung, spaced; the wh
k.txt:ripped through, there's a hole where the neck was, the image is br
ka:abjection absents Alan asshole blowjob chora.  circumlocution clit cu
kc:     with standards, types, tokens, typifications, the whole run
kh:black holed pupils of my eyes opened staring forever at white clouds
kl:thing against our ten holes, nine holes, eight, seven, six
km:complications, blockages that probably belong to society as a whole.
kn:whole collection, and I'm sure you'll
kp:Please, avoid such unwholesome thoughts.
ks:burning clam while I probed her beautiful asshole with my
ku:holes burned through my jumper, serrated edges of charred threads:
ku:digested termites, egg casings. i nest in knotholes; count the rings 
kv:there's a whole lot of trouble over that, fire and floods and famine.
kv:are we supposed to do that! They've got the whole place sealed off! Y
kx:the whole of civilization to the condition of the _brew._ Just as the
l.txt:hole and it's going to stay there. And I make sure it stays in the
l.txt:can smell piss, i move downwards towards your asshole...
l.txt:bing in ure holes ..
lb:out of his mouth for one last time in this godforsaken world, a whole
lc:We had to drill a hole in the ceiling to let the hurricane water drai
lf:whole. Sat Nov 6 01:14:59 EST 1999 fading from culture is fading from
lg:microphones everywhere, the bolex tripod doubling as whole worlds loo
lm:smears d'nala with asshole flora and fauna. his chest is streaked. d'
lm:iables part of Bohm's work, but I have identified with his work on Wh
m.txt:don't undeit makes me yours, you can brand me there, kim's hole 
m.txt:i'll be your chair, your hole, your skin, your writing-pad, your t
n.txt:tohole ago been the most blood everywhere comein ing out on me, yo
n.txt:over carmming it in our holes, backe the ones in our bin.odies .. 
n.txt:over ure every hole .. i want her tonguein my h in my asshole, aro
net1.txt:rest: Take the whole number series a term at a time; find the
net1.txt:only; the program works also with whole fractions in f, u, and 
net10.txt:Pursuance of the neural: In this form of concatenation, the wh
net10.txt:ing. The hollow of the asshole  mirrors itself in perfect thum
net11.txt:I want a suit designed with special apparatus, keeping all my 
net12.txt:problematizes your whole enterprise, splitting it among itself
net13.txt:sible, exposing my hole; HONEY would open herself to the scree
net3.txt:emergence. I am in a constant state of waiting; my hole opens
net3.txt:always this Other. Death is always the occasion of the hole who
novel:knob. The keys are like Berlin keys, they go through the hole, out
p.txt:"mouth "you "asshole! "I "am "never "you! "never "ever "you!
r.txt:piecemeal, splintered from a non-existent whole.
s.txt:thinking, each instance that of the whole, each existing as purifi
u.txt:this become absurd, pretentious, a creation of a whole _economy_ o

/HONEY HOLE in TEXT/    


==


cut out from the archives:

screams in hebrew and aramaic - loud voices in akkadian and mitannian -
(modified from the akkadian) works of known or conjectured meaning with
sumerian and akkadian words - i note in passing alan, alam = essri, 'form,
statue.' even here the form is abject and wanton, the locus of desire.
think of a particular class, whether or not sumerian, etc. so the same
graphemes may be found within the "biblical" tradition and the presumed
sumerian origins of writing. at the "/e/...)" for example.

city is sumerian uru, perforated by a stick or stylus into clay, the gran-
ularity inherited from the sumerian incision into the body of the woman or
man. it is as if one stood on the shores of a gulf separating shumer from
man and woman, woman or brother. think of lugal, sal, lu, dumu su-ba-ri-
im. these languages erased across the text from which this text derives.

to be born a _foundling_ on a moo or mud, dumuzi's dream, oral poetry, the
protocols stuttered before every written. the tokens signify greek ideas,
without the theory; i think of them as resonances across sumerian, luwian,
palaic, hittite, akkadian, with _me,_ "attribute" in this context, an arid
environ within and without sumer. return to sumerian excisions, the stylus
cutting through the eye of the prisoner all across the region: no one,
ever-vigilent, sees the enemy.

the akkadians and sumerians were bored. the hittites enjoyed themselves in
a dirt-free environment. there were contests: who had the cleanest, most
proper body?

whole populations on the move; everyone gives me texts in unknown scripts;
i struggle with cuneiform incisions; this is how i earn my living. i orig-
inate the contract, drawn on clay, bone, skin, unreadable eyes, severed
genitals, the trampling of ashur.

inanna! women speaking incomprehensible tongues, palawian, sumerian, hit-
tite, works of unknown or conjectured meaning with sumerian and akkadian
words, akkadian burrowings, abject and wanton, loci of desire.

my name is a-bi. from the manifold of perverse sex, borrowing ideograms,
other incisions, trades. you'll find me at sargon square. do i wander in a
desert looking for you, o cuneiform? inanna, is this shumer, akkad? our
names are our incisions. cut deep into us, we become them, exist: do we
wander in a desert of names?

i've seen ghosts in akkad. i've seen ghosts in shumer as well. i've seen
them traveling. i've seen them carrying styli. i've seen them cut deeper
into flesh than the world has rules. desire has swollen ghosts; writing
procures them. burns and cuts leave scars. i look forward to screaming,
burrowing, abject and wanton, in the desert blinded by speech.


==


on glyphs


english has been recently considered, among other things, hieroglyphic:
hieroglyphs. twin worlds torn apart at the base of cyclicity - transli-
terations from hieroglyph to hieroglyph.

note we do not ask for hieroglyphic dominance, active as in days of yore,
among adepts, pc cuneiform in relation to mac hieroglyphic, everyone
looking to glyph stones, the scrawl of hittite hieroglyphs, scrawl of
jenny holzer.
 
position, the position of the _hieroglyph,_ the beginning of writing - a
_binding_ in cybermind, hieroglyphic of the body asserting itself, votary.
the hieroglyph is rough; the sign for "homage" (?) seems recorded once,
with the letting of blood.

taut, worked out and through the wires, tonight's hieroglyph. wherever
your text is, contrast produces the event - intractable wryting, hiero-
glyph of the delineated body, as in _this text_ appearing across the
village.

i do my best to render hieroglyphic the hieroglyph of imaginary usage.  
what's left of my texts will be read like legacy hieroglyphics, i'll be
sputtered, expanded on the side of meaning. i do my best with take-me
command hieroglyph, masochistic inscription of cord-bound skin.

backwards, the reversed boat. wavering, the hieroglyphic address: soft and
yielding to the touch, confrontation, articulation among the shrines. the
building of the shrines "for whom they are intended, soft and yielding to
the touch."

they are open all the way down the shrine or wall: an imaginary usage, the
uncanny. _the symbolic pours from the mouth._ (the _differance,_ o be
fine, o be light, o be many, render density filled with novel and strange
creations. the chambers form hieroglyphs of mind and theory-mind.

here is everything you need.

"clitoral read clitoris look look anal open anal take hieroglyph look anal
open anal take hieroglyph look anal open anal take hieroglyph from anal
look hieroglyph put hieroglyph in anal close anal look envelope take" 

"bruised hieroglyph, ruined prick, etched and flowered letters:
pours through in form of hieroglyph shattering bleak moon,
bruised hieroglyph, ruined prick, etched and flowered letters"

look, look hieroglyph: blood-red anal striations; evacuate down, 
hieroglyph and body

a print or hieroglyph, a body bound in the form of sacred writing.
the body an altered hieroglyph, reasoned and unreasoning - your body
writing, act of speech or even the idiotic carving of hieroglyphic -
speaking the hieroglyph of imaginary usage.
speaking the hieroglyph of imaginary usage.

his death is an other.

a writing which folds back upon itself, hieroglyph, i say: the land of the
hieroglyph of the production of meaning. such are _facts:_ glyphs mark my
way before birth, beyond death. you might read this from the air, and you
might read this as a sign of love.

as a sign of love, stained and measureless. sealed. what is within the en-
velope, unwritten thoughts, "but they know everything." i'm bent backward
split, there are women everywhere: they know everything.


==


moan (in my sickness)

doctor's furry stick will find you bare and slick. turn them, these
legs:something like synchronized swimming; you can stick them out so that
the:whirl your legs, nikuko; whirl them in the drain - a very hollow
sound:everything about skin when you let him in; he didn't know nudity,
but had:everything about skin when you let him in; he didn't know nudity,
but had your falls pirouetting; you can grab his stick; he's quite
forsaken; you taught him is across my boulders pirouetting; you can grab
his stick; he's quite forsaken; you taught him the:whirl your legs,
nikuko; whirl them in the drain - a very hollow:legs:something like
synchronized swimming; you can stick them out so that:doctor's furry stick
will find you bare and slick. turn them, these:: you cloud his stick;
he's quite forsaken; you taught him is above my births his stick; he's
quite forsaken; you taught him the:whirl your legs, nikuko; whirl them in
the drain - a very hollow:legs:something like synchronized swimming; you
can stick them out so that:doctor's furry stick will find you bare and
slick. turn them, these::forsaken; you taught him is across my boulders
pirouetting; you can grab Write legs his stick; he's quite forsaken; you
taught him through my the:whirl your legs, nikuko; whirl them in a very
hollow drain


==


enumerations of 'hole' in 'Internet Text' files at www.anu.edu.au: Blood:9
Fantasm:17 Past:12 Uncanny:4 Weather:14 a.txt:10 aaa.html:0 ah:7 am:1
an:12 ap:12 b.txt:10 ba:4 bb:7 book1:2 book2:9 c.txt:12 cc:8 class.html:0
d.txt:7 dd:195 defuge.txt:2 e.txt:5 ee:21 f.txt:6 ff:7 g.txt:11 gg:18
h.txt:6 head.htm:0 hh:10 i.txt:6 ii:4 in.htm:0 index.html:1 j.txt:15 jj:13
jk:11 jl:6 jm:9 jn:7 jo:12 jp:6 jq:33 jr:9 js:4 jt:19 ju:16 jv:7 jw:13
jx:7 jy:7 k.txt:17 ka:4 kb:1 kc:15 kd:7 ke:11 kf:3 kg:11 kh:14 ki:10 kj:12
kk:2 kl:8 km:9 kn:9 ko:15 kp:17 kq:12 kr:13 ks:14 kt:10 ku:25 kv:8 kw:20
kx:9 ky:9 kz:5 l.txt:37 la:13 lb:13 lc:20 ld:5 le:15 lf:14 lg:9 lh:12 li:3
lj:2 lk:9 ll:23 lm:14 ln:6 lo:80 m.txt:42 n.txt:18 net0.txt:0 net1.txt:16
net10.txt:8 net11.txt:18 net12.txt:4 net13.txt:12 net14.txt:13 net2.txt:9
net3.txt:15 net4.txt:6 net5.txt:8 net6.txt:7 net7.txt:3 net8.txt:18
net9.txt:15 netindex.txt:0 novel:5 o.txt:6 out.htm:0 p.txt:5 q.txt:9
r.txt:10 resume:0 resume.htm:0 s.txt:6 t.txt:7 tail.htm:0 third.txt:2
trmail:1 tt.htm:0 u.txt:4 uu.htm:0 x.html:0 y.html:0 z.htm:0

( moments when the text fails, falls through - when there's a gap that can
be filled with just about anything - when "whole" appears - suturing over
the lip and depth in relation to totality - when it appears as if there
were a variable somewhere in the vicinity - as if a token impressed itself
in the substrate - as if this were the origin of writing - or the gasp of
breath - or the inhale of imminent language - when there is a gap or hiat-
us - when the text is shattered or broken - when a certain stylistics of
annihilation or ideological apparatus predominates - when the assertion of
the grain or granularity of existence occurs against an imaginary emptied
vacuum - when virtual or real particle pairs annihilate - vacuum of the
imaginary - when legs are spread, mouths opened - when there are entrances
and exitings - when the spheres are shattered - when defuge sets in - when
there's nothing more to say - or the writer's at a loss - death intervenes
- holes - absence sutured -



