


Resources: 

Artbyte issues including Netsex 2.0
Leonardo issues - past two Digital Salons
CDROM (described in the first session)

Digital Identity (on reserve)
Read Me (on reserve)
Being on Line (on reserve)

Recommended:

Peter Salus, Casting the Net: From ARPANET to INTERNET and beyond...
Espen Aarseth, Cybertext: Perspectives on Ergodic Literature
Brenda Laurel, Computers as Theater
David Porter, editor, Internet Culture
Steven Jones, editor, Cybersociety 2.0: Revisiting Computer-Mediated
  Communication and Community
Kiersten Conner-Sax and Ed Krol, The Whole Internet: The Next Generation
David Bell and Barbara Kennedy, editors, The Cybercultures Reader

1 January 12 The current state of the Internet. Who is using it, what is
it, what are the services and applications associated with it? What are
the current demographics? Introduction to cdrom, other course materials.
Description of the term project. IMAGE directory.

2 January 19 Modalities of the Internet: presentation of the self in ever-
yday virtual life. Phenomenology of the analog and digital. Modernisms and
postmodernisms in relation to electronic communication. The wired and the
non-wired: disparate communities under the aegis of global capitalisms and
communalities. Please check the MULTI, IRC, and KYOKO directories. Kyoko
Date, Ananova, Webbie Tookay, etc.

3 January 26 The future state of the Internet. Where is it going in the
next few years? Will it be able to keep pace with the increasing number of
users? How are demographics changing? Entertainment vs. information vis-
ions. The other visions of business and community: How do applications
such as the World Wide Web determine what is possible on the Net? How is
the user "configured" by these applications? The Cathedral and the Bazaar
- open source communications.

4 February 2 Email lists: Please check the ELIST, CYBRMIND and HISTORY
directories. Issues of governance, newbies, old-timers, moderation, etc.
Types of lists, filtering. Earlier modes: mail, coffee-houses, ham and cb
radio, experimental television. IRC and Chat (AOL, ICQ, CUSEEME, and so
forth); please check the IRC directory.

5 February 9 Net art - use the material from the past two Leonardo's as
well as the Net Sex 2.0 issue. - content in relation to code. Modernist
approaches. Please check the ART directory.

6 February 16 Synchronous and asynchronous applications. What constitutes
a database? What audio and video modalities are becoming available and how
do these affect the user? Many-to-many, one-to-one, one-to-many, many-to-
one applications. What is the future of "virtual persona" or "avatars" on
the Net? Interfaces: Open software movement, Linux, prompt and GUI phenom-
enology. Use Norwegian magazine from 1994.

7 February 23 Issues of the body: reading through the text, hysteria, net
.sex and the "ascii unconscious," postmodernism and the fragmented self.
Sex, love, and death in cyberspace. Cyberspace relations and the nuclear
family.  Internet marriages and relationships. Aguirre, Mandeville, and
sexualities on the frontier. Issues of censorship.

8 March 2 Virtual subjectivity. Projections and introjections. "Reality"  
and the grain of the voice, death and rape in cyberspace. Hallucinatory
personalities, Net personalities. Various spaces in Cyberspace: MOOs,
Usenet, email lists. Phenomenology of MOOs. ERGODIC literature - Aarseth's
definitions (in Aarseth, Cybertext). Please check the MOO and KYOKO
directories.

Note we will have a break between now and the 23rd; we'll communicate
online.

9 March 23 Privacy, security, community, and confession on the Net. Groups
and counter-groups. Alt.society.neutopia and the monster-truck neutopians.  
Alt.angst, Walkers in Darkness, and other support newsgroups and email
lists. Please check the IRC directory.

10 March 30 Hacking, cracking, and the anarcho-libertarian aspects of the
Net. Spamming. The changing demographics/cultures as a result of the World
Wide Web. The future of the Web, chat-lines, and so forth. Please check
PHRACK directory. "Hacker ethos."

11 April 6 Community Organization: Forms of outreach. Freenets, Community
Access Points, conferencing tools and strategies. Kiosks, from government
to Siggraph. Please check ARTICLES directory. Medical models and bottom-
up organization.

12 April 13 Strategies for research and organizing information and person-
al/formal databanks. Search engines and Boolean searching. Web page infor-
mation structure and philosophy: access for all. Net business and Net sec-
urity. Net censorship again: Issues of intellectual property.

13 April 20 Community organization, continued: Levels of entry into the
Net. Models of Internet economic and cultural development. Practical and
theoretical policy development.

14 April 27 Course overview.



