==


The _Orbit_ of Panamarenko -


Two works on display at Dia Center for the Arts: _The Aeromodeller,_ 1969-
71, mixed media - a sac or balloon 92 feet long by 17 feet in diameter,
coupled to a wicker gondola about 8 x 11 x 19 feet; and _Raven's Variable
Matrix,_ 2000, an insect/plane about 5 x 10 x 17 feet, the smaller resting
in the shadow of the larger. Panamarenko's work has been exhibited intern-
ationally for decades; much of it centers on craft of various sorts, on
engines and engineering (often appearing as "early" tech), and on dreams
of mobility and mobilization. The show runs from 11/29/00 to 6/17/01.

Between the Aeromodeller and Raven's Variable Matrix, Panamarenko produced
an astonishing oeuvre of models, drawings, and full-scale craft. In 1996,
for example, he created _Panama, Spitsbergen, Nova Zemblaya,_ a steel U-
boat on casters that seems simultaneously submerged and land-bound. Other
works include aerodynamic cars, machines that seem to skim the surface of
the sea, and models of flying saucers. Panamarenko has often been associa- 
ted with Beuys and Broodthaers; an air of mysticism and uplift, grounded 
in industrial or abject material, pervades the work of the first two, and 
all three share a quality of dream, uncoupled from surrealism.

I approach this work with a sense of exhilaration; it's got the kind of 
wonder about it that James Ellroy describes; I'm driven to meander through 
the gallery space; I'll try to bring something back to you; I'll try to 
make a _fit._

On the Aeromodeller, sac looks like skein, human or animal membrane, some
of the areas seem windowed; the wicker gondola silver painted with two
suits lying inside - as if their bodies had left, something like a Rapture
painting, exalted, exhaling. The sac is bulbous, aging, half-suspended,
half-crawling into the air.

Motors painted silver are also fake motors I think, inexplicable. On the
front gas cans with broken wires - There's an aura about the Aeromodeller
as if the whole thing had recently collapsed without a struggle. The
Aeromodeller - the model of the real, the real thing which is not a thing,
but an antiquity and a future all in one.

Harder sac-skin than first appears. Nylon cables connect gondola to sac.  
The sac connections seem to be tape and grommets, little possibility of
"real" strength. (Both works have an odd delicacy to them.) Suspended from
ceiling beams, looks like crystal-lozenge, ruin or enormous cocoon. For
some reason, I think of the Amazon.

Beneath the sac, there's a tailpipe for an influx of air from a nearby
compressor - the Aeromodeller is kept _in stasis_ as a floating membrane,
an organism - by virtue of continuous input. In other words, a work of the
imaginary, a dreamwork, with emphasis on the _work_ - the shape held taut
by compressed air, the compressor running on electricity, plugged into the 
wall.

Continuous _injection_ of air. The "air" of a lung, a constant inhaling
supporting the gondola, beings, souls. Both ends of the sac have ribs.
There is an archaeology of the skin-skein, its history worn, written big.

Two engines of Aeromodeller have propellers at right-angles - there are
actually four engines, two in tandem at each end.

On the smaller work, Raven's Variable Matrix, there are heavy flutter-
feathers made from foamed rubber at the tips; these look as if they might
oar the air; they're at the ends of the wings; the wings are transparent -
the pilot sits, untethered, without belts, at the front, the feet rest on
a support; one can move the control backwards and forwards - turning's by
means of the body's leaning. Two bicycle wheels hold the frame up. On the
larger work, the sac's almost airborne, partially grounded (near the
compressor), as if it's struggling to emancipate itself.

What Orbit means to me - that the body is half-present even in the real
world (I think of Drew Leder's book The Absent Body), that one can soar
not through, but in spite of, technology, that things need not work in the
world, but simply can _be,_ that elusive reference is sufficient, that
technology lives easily with and even in the meditative quality of things
- for these pieces are nothing, if not meditations - on the move -

On the smaller work, tail structure resting on the ground, almost like a
toy, a small gas tank, also seemingly incomplete. Looks too heavy to fly,
more compressed than the Aeromodeller. In the gallery, the Raven's Vari-
able Matrix seems like its appendage. One imagines the wings beating at a
furious pace to get the thing off the ground. And surely the smaller work
is more of a _thing,_ less of air, more of the thinking-out of matter and
machine.

I can picture the larger sailing above the Internet, the smaller flutter-
ing from node to node. The larger, more virtual; the smaller, streamlined
- more of a packet. And the larger, 19th-century balloonery, while the
smaller moves through insect-brain modeling, exoskeletal forces impelling
it forward. On the smaller, the motor is enclosed, compressing the work;
on the larger, everything, including time, moves slower, and the motor
remains open, spiky, vulnerable, atavistic.

The Aeromodeller holds the promise of the late 60s/early 70s - you can
feel the rise of the social in it. There were balloons everywhere, then,
it seemed - and balloons are vulnerable, slow, good for meditating, look-
ing around. There seems to be something optimistic about a balloon. And
then Raven's Variable Matrix - the compactness turns the pneumosphere into
a product, a package. It's nothing like the Gossamer Albatross almost
gliding across the Channel; it's got an air of extreme sports about it.
But with both works, I'm only talking surface, since they seem oddly
made from the same mold, the smaller accompanying the larger, both flying
above a Lebbeus Woods landscape - which is also dreamlike, exoskeletal,
slowed, fierce, and meditative, all at the same time.

But do they fly at all? Are they capable of immersion high above the
ground, untethered, disconnected? It's not as if they feel grounded; in-
stead, they're neither of land or air; they're somewhere amphibic among
elements, worn artifacts, imaginary ghosts (not all ghosts are imaginary),
maternal arms, materials -

I can picture taking these as prostheses - but I'd say, symbiotic, almost
benthic sea-forms, coupled to humans by some sort of communal synthesis -
we'll ride you, take you!

You might say that these works are ones of _constant impulsion_ - not
dreams, not the hypnagogic imagery before nightfall of the larger work,
but more of an insertion into space, a compression. Henri Michaux comes
to mind.

And you can think of Panamarenko's work in general as both immersions and
insertions - glidings, enginings, engineerings.

You can't imagine whether or not these things work (however "work" might
be defined); they work in dreams, they're marginal, you might be suspended
above or below them - they stress the history of floating, gliding, moving
on, the development of skins, limbs. (There's an exhausted architecture at
play here as well - depleted landforms, air-bases, slow sweepings of wind
across J. G. Ballard's half-deserted worlds - )

There are five blades, five blades of rubber, at the end of the wings; I
think almost immediately of subsumption architecture (simple robots with
complex behavior dependent on rich environments) or Stelarc's robotic work
in this connection - being strapped in an apparatus - but the apparatus
here is one of buried thought, of evanescence - you freely float within or
before it. There's no feeling of confinement; the body inhabits these
craft, moves easily within the Aeromodeller, sits comfortably on Raven's
Variable Matrix.

But the gondola, uncomfortable, silver - the sac like a wounded skin.
Think of Joseph Beuys or Eva Hesse - associations also with the First
World War, making-do with early "aeroplanes." The skin carries that
history as well; where it's clear, it seems to have been uneasily worn
thin. There's a sense of the sac's over-inflation simply as the result of
age. The whole universe is in the skin. The smaller work is much more
self-contained; it's clearly an object, not a suspended state.

Gondola, longer sides of six windows, door, four windows; awkwardly held
together by metal straps; suits are overly soft, grey, the headgear fits 
loosely on the body, there are plasticine windows in the soft helmet, it's 
like Beuys' feltworks, I imagine wearing the suits - you couldn't see
clearly through the visors - they're not optically clear, you'd see every- 
thing blurred, the whole world, you'd have half-sight, you'd be floating,
looking half inward, half-outward, suspended, I'd imagine the Aeromodeller 
with a will of its own -

The cords are attached to the sac by circular patches - an air of make-
shift construction, formed out of the debris of everyday life - at the
other end of the lines, I think of the wicker as a kind of cloth, impres-
sing itself on the air, leaving traces.

The double umbilical cord - the transparent tube leading to the compres-
sor, and the electric wire going from the compressor to the wall-socket.
So that energy is transformed, the whole thing tied to the world's power- 
grid, computers not that far behind.

Two holes in the ceiling of the gondola, as if one could reach through it
to the sac, reading and writing the markings. The shape - languorous, a
kind of lassitude suffusing it. The _pneumosphere,_ fantastic travels of
John Mandeville, Knyght -

One might say that these works chart unintended voyages, that they repre-
sent journeys which are not only round-trip, but slowly orbiting - that
they are suffused with pure mobility - that there's no end to the


