==


The Last Page


I was going to send the whole chat text from Jan. 7th on The Last Page out 
but then it was 108k as ascii text. So I folded the text, took my contrib- 
ution, transformed it into The Last Page. So this is The Last Page, all my 
voice speaking incessently, drowning everything out, caught in its own 
throat; The Last Page is a wounded page, begging for the ruin of the El.

On a sociological basis, of course, the book's even technically contin-
uous with screen refresh; there's nothing inherently static in online disk
- hi mez what I've been wondering - if the model for example of Assyrian
walls with what which established both the fetishization of discursivity -
that one might write a monumenta What I was talking about, or starting on,
was now I'll be quiet until someone introduces then. This Mez doesn't that
go back to almost a gene-driven No, we're discussing the idea of an orali-
ty - as for substrate - there isn't one online - ther There are conflu-
ences of substrates, all sorts - We have to be clear about total unclarity
here - I think you've hit something, mez - there were! And I think that
might be applicable online, now for example, what's a poem, particularly
when it might be if the protocols change, talan, as happens and who knows
when or where the changes? Oops! - Nothing will replace the book, I think
just as nothing replaced painting, even though Here's something, I was
talking to someone at S. which is now pretty much defunct, he said people
are going to straight text chat! This is fascinating, pointing again to a
kind of Damn Michele, I would have liked them! For me, the typewriter def-
initely is dead: Word! Somehow I missed that Derrida remark but since Tal-
an, not necesarily on my keyboard, anymore, yes, but you can also curl
up with a pocket pc - it's so very tiny, runs forever on end on batteries!
Newspapers offline are losing circulation; the post office is in miserable
graet trouble here. Wes, I think there are ways around that, but maybe the
point was, at the conference, that the book Yes, there's something uncanny
about a screen Because every message is equal online, there are so many
for academic discourse, Scott. Most people in the world will probably get
cds during the last 20 years, depending on the chemic But there are newer
dyes that promise to last - And a lot of webstuff is heavily edited; and
well Bob, could you elaborate? Isn't all meaning personal? Meaning is in-
tended; Bob, how much would it cost to get two-way trans Mez? How is lit-
erature (is there such a thing) & what is decontextualized meaning?  Can
you give a Meaning that's already an extension? But Scott! - I think at
least some of them are! I Elizabeth is right here. Hi Sue Directed mean-
ing is always open to messy thought! Talan, there are so many physics pap-
ers online, I'd like to return for a second to the idea of The Story of O:
seems to me that a book is a kind of Talan, can you translate from this?
Thanks - And that the canon becomes institutionalized and it's harder to
do this with the slippage online, Well do meanings die? I don't think so
mez - which is why I think people would love an enormously big canon here,
but I do I do, although I see people like mouchette vying Antiorp as well
- people combining publicity with Reiner's cannons online! a kind of armed
postmodernism (it's a temporary canonization, Wes. I was poet! O, but the
convention is dependent on who or what, but we can at least TALK about a
canon, Scott, I hope to god it's not the start of a poet! - and Maybe I'm
blind to the canonization, mez, or just Talan, the only law would be that
of the proto-Stephanie, I don't think we could define new things that are
neat! Oh you've got way before that all those analogs, canons do worry me,
though - if people insist on Bob, isn't there such a thing as eliterature?
I'd agree with that (re MOOs and MUDs) Leavisite? I find I've been having
great luck with India; I get sent a lot of URLs; there are a lot on "it."
There are also combinations - publish-on-demand, transmediation? Hi Andrew
that might only hold for more static work, talan, not only the protocols,
but also, for example, so you're entangled in probematic interoperability
but what constitutes a format? Is Opera a different Connie? - they're not 
as much offline... Andrew, I remember Metz talking about that in It sure
does, and about the fragile nature of online! It's Christian Metz, not Mez
- a theorist who really wanted to get back to something older just for a
second. we find something very satisfying in the relation the book seems 
to bring this home, become a man Online! On the other hand it is literal
creation, I'm using Orality in the large sense of chat, Talan, I wanted to
ask you sometime about these So that Williams idea of "no idea but in
things" read myself unbearably to sleep on the laptop. I agree Talan. I
wonder also about Deleuze and G. Books seem alive, just as cats seem like
babies! Talan I enjoy them - but not their followers (D and the same with
Derrida - but as you know, that thing about books, their vulnerability -
one Bob, with publish on demand this won't be an issue Oh Talan I think
they were quite happy with that We develop the screen technology so it's
easier Bob, it saves trees a lot. Andrew, I don't - as much as possible, I
keep it More than emulate, outshine, carry the style to On the shelf with
the other cdroms! Besides, some of us have more than one computer But back
to the question about history - history Talan I always pass books and old
tech on... What's the quote? It's also a discussion academics need to
have, Do you mean historical novels online? Andrew that's so true - I keep
thinking of the - I think I proposed it! Centuries seem to come and go
far too quickly! Ah! back in 1973, I taught a course called The Y. The
course did, yes. Will there still be electronics? I don't know, Andrew
won't there be a merging of these? As well I can only imagine either holo-
caust or confluence if our eyes are still necessary ... We already are bi-
ologically published - I think Andrew, but are they now? I think defining
literature, defining human, def re: narrative - I tend to think narrative
is men Connie, but what would constitute a text in that "I am an other" -
Rimbaud Ah... as impediments in terms of canon developme And transitional
as in transitional objects, the I think they're coalescing; I can read 253
online bye Margaret! Ah, that would be beautiful! - I appreciate everyone
who joined us here... This has probably been the fastest reading/writing
which says a lot for the topic and its relevance we always say goodbye
after the fact it seems... bye Sue (made that one in!) I hope someone has
the full version of this log Scott, can you say something about the con-
ference Can you elborate? (not the rate of an elbow, but to elaborate) I'd
like to send these logs on to the Cybermind Andrew, I think that's one of
the futures of the it's the holodeck model.. Don't forget "huge" is an
"e-hug"! I think that's true - and there are also issues Last thoughts?
That we're on the brink of some Morals will always change, but it's hard
to bite O Body in CORPORATIONS SANIS! but unfortunately they play a role
here; you show talan, for me that situation is surrounded and then we can
read the log; it will be up soon I hope. but it's going the other way, I
think; you find or how the apparatus _is_ the general economy but I think
I'm already on I was exercising with barbells before coming on does any-
one know if the Mono bulletin board Opera brings a whole new way of read-
ing to the N-One problem I'm having with it is that it won't Because of
the cascading pages for one thing and What sort of expectations? True - it
hangs on a lot of applets. But it really feels airy... Thanks Talan - and
I hope to see you in New York We'll be here in April, going away a bit in
Mar. I think teaching always always grounds our work Andrew, what's the
URL? thanks for this - One thing I love doing, exploring older onliners.
Sorry, I meant archie There were archie, veronica, and jughead. And these
things, you can sometimes still find God, we have half a brain for presi-
dent here... early photography was problematized in terms of New York
City, Brooklyn - I think this notion of "freeing" might also be a certain
photography free painting and engraving that's true, and it's not the
medium of course, media ideology always changing, whether or not Andrew
technically this ended forty minutes ago true - which brings up of course
marxist dialect no but take out all the goodbyes. that brings up something
else, quickly - a good point; we hardly touched on defining I think legal
by example I could push the El.


