==


Standard Book . ' " ? .


"I will write a book" - to which a reply - a book is never written. One
can write a book, complete a manuscript; there is always the difficult
question of publishing. "I have published a book." A book as physical ob-
ject or genre of objects (for each book is a genre through all its edi-
tions, covers, copies) is not written; it may contain inscriptions _which
have been written_ in that very (or close to that very) order. Thus one
may write a book, but a book is never written.

Perhaps a book is tethered. One might say, a book is a responsible res-
ponse to a manuscript; a book is a reproduction of the text of the
manuscript. The text is the well-ordering of the array of symbols within
the manuscript; the responsibility is that of creating equivalent arrays.  
One might then say "A book is tethered to a manuscript." or that "A book
is tethered to one or more manuscripts." The book is then a then an
ordering of manuscripts, even an ordering of ordering of manuscripts.

But a book is none of these things; the ordering and tethering are already 
completed, before the production of the book. What is then a book? A book 
is an object containing numerous pages; the pages reproduce the array of 
symbols constituting one or more texts. You might say, however, "A book 
reproduces nothing; it contains a text or series of texts deemed worthy of 
presentation." You might say, however, "A book is none of these things."

Then of course, you might say "Deemed worthy by whom" and "How many pages"  
and "What sort of object" and "What if there are no symbols" and "What if
there are no arrays" and "Who could possibly be responsible for this" and
"What if it's unreadable" and "What if the ordering and tethering are in-
complete or non-existent" and "Who is to decide on their completeness or
existence" and "What if the book is originary, containing no reproduc-
tions" and "What if the book is hardly originary" and "What if it's not a
response to anything" and "What if 'I have written a book.'"?.


