==


Mourning the Book - Notes -


Sunday January 7th (in trAce WebBoard) The Last Page Program chat - Alan
Sondheim and Talan Memmott - How do we approach the book, and how do we
approach reading online? Is the book "dead"? Should we be in mourning for
the book? Is the book still the best model for new media, and new media
literature? How do we approach literature? The Last Page stems out of the
Book/Ends conference held this summer in Albany, New York. Check in at
http://trace.ntu.ac.uk if you haven't been on the chats before.

At one point, post-structuralism was a high-point, articulating the prob-
lematic of metaphysics and the narrow defile of traditional disciplines.
At this point, however, what was once seen as daring and avantgarde has
become traditional; while the world remains to be deconstructed, the book
itself has remained inviolate. At the Book/Ends conference, Derrida about
philosophy as essay or fragment; the last book, he said, was with Heide-
gger - he then corrected himself, pointing out that Being and Time was
never completed. (A personal note - I felt "failed" by the deconstruc-
tionists, let down; the sense of play in Derrida's text - accompanied by a
certain exhileration - was missing, replaced by carefully-crafted puns,
inordinately close readings (of texts and the Master of Texts), and that
uncanny sense of _mourning_ the book as traditional humanities perceive
themselves under yet another attack, that of electrical-electronic media.)

It's possible to consider the philosophical book as an anomaly; throughout
much of history, philosophical work was in the forms of parables, maxims,
poems, exhortations, fragments, narratives, anecdotes, sutras, upanishads,
lists, conversations, biography, reportage (think of Diogenes Laertes).
The book creates a certain kind of binding or foreclosing the topic; every
page is equally accessible, equivalent to every other; every copy is equi-
valent as well. One might speak of a circulation _among a book,_ writers
and readers and book-objects cycling among each other as "part-objects,
part-processes," an intermittent cycling as everything, including texts
and ur-texts, changes.

But the book has two practical domains - one, the physical aspect of its
reading (including portability, imminent access, comfort, an object carry-
ing a history much as the body, personality, at-handedness, vulnerability,
page-marking); and the other, the _ideology of the book,_ particularly in
academic or literary circles, which creates the concept of an originary
textuality located between its covers. (There is, to be sure, a feminine
aspect of opening as well; a virginal book may have its pages uncut, its
binding taut, opening almost _unnaturally._ And this psychoanalytical pre-
sent is not inconsequential; its loss is part of object-loss. For what is
a book, if not a _transitional object_ interpreting the world, held bet-
ween the body and everything else, external?). This textuality is presumed
authoritative, in some sense, final - and so publish or perish gives the
highest regard to the book (over articles, for example, and certainly over
online articles which carry equivalence and intellectual slippage to the
limit), and this regard is heavily institutionalized within university and
other academic structures.

This high regard is accompanied by a sense of fragility which has always
been with us; rare books are treated, opened gently; books, not web pages,
are collected; the 'popular (throw-away) press' is held with suspicion;
and online texts, even those not distributed, are seen more as exhalations
than inscriptions.

Further, these exhalations are susceptible to corrosion as protocols are
changed, outmoded; Netscape 6 is not backwards-compatible, for example,
and web-pages can appear inoperable in the new browser (not to mention
Opera 5.01, etc.).

But one might argue that all of this is to the good, that the model of
knowledge-as-entity is being replaced by knowledge-as-process and knowl-
edge as _discourse._ Instead of mourning the loss of masterworks, master-
pieces that remain inviolate for all time, we might find, in the digital
realm, an ironic return to the body and the emphasis on being-human, on
relation instead of stasis. (Irigarayan fluid mechanics comes into play,
_play,_ as well here.)

However, if we look at the physicality of the book, we must also examine
the physicality of the digital; its appearance, its presence, is given as
ephemera on a more or less flat screen - Peirce's "sheet of assertion"
coupled with an extraordinary mobility in terms of font, color, size, and
so forth. In fact, it is by transforming these parameters on a more or
less regular basis, that the screen becomes easier, less tiring, to read;
most often illuminated from within, it can carry texts in an astonishing
variety of guises.

As with books, there are reasonable questions of lighting, comfortable
sitting, and so forth. But we might also say, if the book is a _balloon_
naturally suspended in the air, the online text is a _plane,_ both vec-
tored and requiring a continuous input of energy just to stay aloft. It is
this, I think, that makes us most uneasy - that what is on the screen is a
residue of energy expenditure, that it may disappear at any time - while
the letters on a page remain, theoretically, forever, as long as the paper
holds together. (Let's not also forget the _brittleness_ of the computer;
even a laptop rarely bends in the pocket, sits comfortably on the lap.)

It's more than this, of course, and it constantly goes back to the master-
piece, to that work, chiseled in stone, which is _the_ work or steering-
mechanism for the world. Online worlds are dynamic, fragile, constantly
appearing and disappearing; the world of the philosophical or theoretical
text is both within and without - in all things illuminated by the sun
that carries the words to the eye. An online text, however, appears more
narrowly-focused; it's of the other, digital world; it remains there; it
generates its own worlds; it can be anywhere and anything; it fractions
and problematizes truth; it works equally on space, time, and the other
categories - at least as far as the body is concerned; and so forth.

A final note - I don't think it helps to consider the book as a model for
new media - any more than film, radio, television, telegraph, the music
recording industry, telephone, etc. New media have no overarching charac-
teristics; they are defined (if at all) as a (Wittgensteinian) family of
usages - in other words, one might look towards communal definitions,
rather than attempt any authoritative and permanent typology. Certainly
there are similarities with the book, but online work also is greatly
related to film (one thing that concerns me - the sophistication of film
editing, which occasionally is also found on cdrom - I'm thinking still of
Tennessee Rice Dixon - and the often naive counterpart of linking or flash
at this point)  in terms of multiple streaming (narrative, subtitling,
sound, moving and still image), for example.

Yet this idea of the book-as-model or origin of discourse - if not dis-
course's production - (and if not the book, any other "classic" form) was
endemic at the conference; we were always returned to _writing_ of a very
specific sort. I'd want to say, instead, that if one stresses _discourse_
or discursivities in relation to new media, then one also brings orality,
aurality, into play; it is another world altogether, one ironically re-
turning to the body as the locus of speech and choice, one more humanist
than the soft technologies partially re/placed.


