

BRING ME BACK TO LIFE! Please understand this!


"I want to be free. This is the most basic truth I can write you. What do
I mean? That I want to be free of this Net, that I want to release all the
words and articles and images and video and web pages I've written or
collaborated in, that I want to release them forever onto the wires, that
I want to do other things, let them slowly disappear, I went from 2110 to
2080 sites on google.com (under "Alan Sondheim" not under the Myouka or
Jen stuff, see how I boast, sickeningly, even now, half-collapsed); I want
to let the words become part of the bone and marrow of the Net, my name
effaced, everything gone. I want this freedom desperately; yet I am bound
by furious clamps on my brain; I can't escape; I can't get away; I type
and type into the night; it's my compulsion; it's my obsession, my
addiction. I want to let the words float like seeds, like sails, like
wings, like birds, like albatross, do they ever land on land, do they fly
forever? I want to fly, I want to die, knowing the words are burrowed deep
in magazines; this is the century only proceeding the next. Listen to me; 
I'm talking from the dead; I'm already dead."

"Don't you know the third millennium's already half over, the fourth is 
breathing down our throats? Listen to me, I'm speaking from the past - 
please help me; I'm speaking from the past."

"I want to see the fourth millennium, the third's tiring, the second al-
ready gone and dead, dead, dead; I want to see the fifth; I'll write and
write, preserve my words for thousands of years; if you read this in the
future, recite them, let others hear them: these are the words of a dead
man still yearning to be free. Please bring me! Please bring me back! I 
want to see you! I want to see your face!"

Your point should be inscribed at this point?  I consider the following
again, your ... Would give you a graphological mechanism? Incision paints
me beneath your point! How would you define your freedom?

My wings, like birds, like albatross, do they ever land on land, do they
fly, do you understand my language...

I want to be free. This is the most basic truth I can write you. What I do
calls forth streamed imperative, hungered, making things. Beneath the
falls, I want to be free. This is the most basic truth I can write you.
What do I is mountains, ... imperative is mean? That I want to be free of
this Net, that I want to release all on black stone, it's imperative. 
Please try and understand this. I can't help it that my words are getting 
lost. I'm sitting here, crying; my mouth is filled with nonsense. Please 
try and understand this; I'm sitting here crying.

Are you satisfied with wanting to be free. This is the most basic truth I
can write you. What do I? Wait! I want to be free. This is the most basic
truth I can write you. What do I and 29990 are written down and you don't 
understand me and I want you to so understand. Please please try. I don't 
have time left, I'm already dead, I need you, I need you.

For 4 days, we have been streams and written and it has taken you 0.167
minutes to write your last -

I want to be free. This is the most basic truth I can write you. What do I
forever? I want to die, return, the known words are burrowed deep, words
and articles and images and video and web pages I've written - Write
wings, streams, like birds, like albatross, do they ever land on land, do
they fly through my freedom. This is the most basic truth I can write you.
What do I want! God help me! Bring me back to life!


