==


Plain and Heap


No longer the line, the geometry, only the gatherings of beads, tokens, 
markers, units, only the rubble of accountancy:

At the level of the plain, the abacus behaves differently. Consider an in-
finite (or inaccessibly high finite etc.) flat surface of beads; it be-
comes necessary to isolate portions among them, for example a 1-portion
and a 2-portion, in order to carry out any operations.

The portions have to be specified by closed, i.e. Jordan, curves which do
not cross themselves. For addition and subtraction, either channels must
be opened between the portions (in order to join or separate them), or an
operation may be carried out, such that removing 1 bead from a 2-portion
is accompanied by adding 1 bead to a 1-portion:

2-portion - 1 => 1-portion + 1

until 2-portion is empty, i.e. 2-portion = 0 (in which case the 2-portion 
may no longer exist).

Subtraction is in the opposite direction, but in order to subtract a spec- 
ified amount note that we dispense with channels, so that

2-portion - 1 => 1-portion - 1,

with the bead from 1 portion returning to the undifferentiated plain, and 
this continues until 2-portion = 0 (or becomes non-existent).

Note that a method is necessary to keep 1-portion and 2-portion separate 
and labeled.

Multiplication and division also work by repeated additions and subtrac-
tions, using a 3-portion, if not 4-portion and 5-portion for tallying -
see heaps, below.

And how are portions diminished or incremented in the midst of a solid sea 
of beads? Moats must be constructed, portions piled in grounds cleared of 
any interferences.

So that from the plain, one gathers beads into heaps. The heaps are separ-
ated by blanked space, the ground-state; this state G = 0. G is always
existent; it is a territorialization, a boundary, a marker by virtue of
lack of demarcation. If G = 0 it is 0 anywhere, everywhere that G is.  
Think of it as the Basin in Bon religion, or Kristevan chora. Nothing is 
ever placed within G; G surrounds heaps. New heaps may be created, but G 
is not among them, within them. In this sense, G is not a natural number, 
but a numberless state, not even an emptying of number. In this sense as 
well, the integers move from 1 upwards; negative integers might be indi- 
cated by heaps labeled as negative, but in fact all heaps are of the form:

HN = | N | where N > 0.

To add: combine heaps. To subtract: Either remove any number of beads from 
one heap and place them in a second heap or:

Begin with H1 = X and H2 = Y. To reach X - Y:

Subtract a bead from both; place these beads in a third heap H3; carry 
this operation out until H2 is empty. When H2 is empty, H2 = 0 = G, the 
undifferentiated state, H2 no longer existent. But see below, labeling.

This depends of course on Y < or = X.

To multiply X * Y. Create H3 and H4. Move H1 bead by bead to H3; each
time, add one bead to H4. When H1 = 0 (i.e. non-existent), subtract one
bead from H2 and place it in H5. Then move H3 bead by bead to H1 (which
must be created anew - H3 and H1 oscillating in this fashion); each time,
add one bead to H4. When H3 = 0 (i.e. non-existent), subtract another bead
from H2 and place it in H5. We then have

H1 = X
H3 = 0 (i.e. non-existent)
H2 = Y - 2
H4 = X * 2

continue until

H2 = 0 (i.e. non-existent) at which point H4 = X * Y.

In order to divide, a similar process is used, tracking beads removed from 
H1 in quantities of H2, until H2 > H1 (as divided), in which case what 
remains in H1 is the remainder.

We have numbers to no base or perhaps to base infinity or to base 1. At 
the level of the heap, infinity cycles back to 1; at the level of the 
heap, there is no positionality. With the infinite or inaccessibly high 
finite column abacus, an infinite base might be theoretically employed, 
each integer individuated; with the infinite or inaccessibly high finite 
row abacus, a base of 1 might be theoretically employed, each integer an 
extension.

Throughout all of this, the heaps must be labeled (just as the portions
had to be labeled); think of a interior beads in label quantities o oo ooo
oooo ooooo surrounding an emptied center, with rays connecting the center
through the label quantities to the heaps beyond. If there are no heaps
beyond certain label quantities, those spaces are reserved for the crea-
tion of heaps, i.e. as in the oscillation of H1 and H3 above, which is 
based on the constant recreation of heaps in order to carry out multiplic- 
ation and division.

Naturally the ground must be kept clear of any rolling beads, false beads, 
embezzlement beads, stolen beads, extra beads, and masqueraded bead-like 
objects. And naturally the ground must be level to avoid such rolling 
beads as well as emptied, flat, in order to create maximum conditions of 
visibility. One might think of Bentham's Panopticon as described by Fou- 
cault in this regard - while beads remain undifferentiated, except by 
virtue of belonging as a member of a set (heap), they must nonetheless 
leave a trail or trace; nothing must remain unaccounted or unaccounted-for 
and nothing must be unaccountable.


