==


Infinitely Small


What happens when the size S of beads grows infinitely (or inaccessibly
low finite) small?

Of course one does not consider the size of abacus beads. But, given the 
heap, one might want to...

With the abacus of infinitely high (or deep) columns, or the abacus of
infinitely wide rows, measurement becomes an issue. Thus to add length X 
and length Y, measure X + Y, move beads. To subtract X from Y, measure X 
and within X from the far end, remove beads.

To divide, repeatedly subtract X from Y until X < Y which is the remain- 
der. But without quantity, who knows how many subtractions? Keep track of 
subtractions with finite beads! (Note the need for a second measurement, 
second instrumentation.)
 
However, to multiply is impossible; without scale, without beads, there is 
no way of telling how many beads are necessary. This is fascinating - in 
this instance it's easier to divide than multiply!

One might measure X against Y by moving string, and in that fashion create 
an accurate multiplication - but only if X/Y or Y/X = an integer. Other- 
wise one is lost without further calculation, fractions, and so forth. An 
exercise: What calculations are necessary? What additional instruments?

Given the plain, it's easy to add portions and subtract portions - the 
latter by laying the flat-measure of one portion on top of the other, or, 
given the two-dimensional invariant, removing portions from X and placing 
Y within them, until the roughly the same shape occurs (providing one has 
geometry at work); one might also place Y next to X, and remove portions 
of X until it appears that Y and the removed portions are equal.

Appearances, appearances. Multiplication and division become much more 
difficult. An exercise! (And an exercise in perception. Again, we're run- 
ning into external instrumentation, tallying.)

Consider the heap: To add, add portions. TO subtract, take away. To sub- 
tract a given portion, take portions away until they appear equivalent to 
the given portion.

Or weigh the results. Or displace, measure water. Think of Archimedes. 

All of these bring quantity back by other means. Suppose there are no mea- 
sure strings, no way of judging equivalences, no waters, no scales. Then 
one might add by bringing portion to portion, and one might subtract - but 
only ikonically, by removing the subtracted portion. (This is quite impor- 
tant; if the abacus is indexical in Peirce's terms, the heap of substance 
is ikonic; representation is peripheral and obtuse at best. One is mucking 
in the real, not fucking in the symbolic. Literally!)

One could not, for example, say, remove 1/3 of that heap, or remove this 
amount Y from that heap. One would begin with heap X and remove Y, both 
unquantified, and then one would be left with:

X - Y

and Y.

How to remove a second portion Z such that Z = Y? This is impossible with- 
out external measuring.

One begins with heap or heaps, one separates, one combines. It is a kind
of concatenation without labeling. One can't say synchronically, spatial-
ly, that X = Y + Z, but one can say diachronically, temporally, that X
_did equal_ Y + Z. It is always a question of process.

I am sure I am making errors throughout. Nonetheless: With infinitely 
small beads, with the reign of _substance,_ digital meets analog; the 
raster is now infinitely fine, and the modeling of the real has become 
equivalent to the real itself. As above, the ikonic becomes identity, a 
movement from the equivalences constituting the digital, a movement from 
the _adjudicated_ (and hence the origins of culture) raster back to 
relative undifferentiation.

(If the digital inhabits eternity, the analog is worn, worn down; who is 
to say that erosion doesn't enter into the mess of the heaps, that with 
the division into Y + Z noise enters as well - Serres' Parasite - a bit of 
spillage, entropy, ultimately bringing down the constituted house? We are 
close to the _nerves of the real_ here, dissipated signals within which 
even the digital must reside. Pass the thresher, pass the threshold...)


