==


History is the Baal of modernity. (Wieseltier.)
History is the Baal-Babel of modernity. (Sondheim.)

I am Baal of postmodernity.
I am Baal of theft.

of or which Baal-interrvpt from     original sovrcevber allz. Makt-fri-of
or which moment of thvnged clemencyvber allz. Within     moment of svch c
lemencyvber allz. Makt-fri-of or throvgh     grovnd-breaking wreck of lif
evber allz. I am simply svperiorvber allz. I am knowledge yov do readvber 
allz. To take apart svch knowledge as thisvber allz. of or which Baal-int
errvpt is a sovrcevber allz. To take apart svch sovrcevber allz.

of or which Baal-interrvpt from     original sovrcevber allz. Makt-fri-of
or which moment of is svfficiently well-inscribedvber allz. -

I Consider     following again, yovr of or which Baal-interrvpt from    
original sovrcevber allz. Makt-fri-of or which moment of vber allz.vber a
llz.vber allz.

imperative scvlpts me across yovr strokei My readvber allz. To take apart
svch knowledge as thisvber allz. of or which Baal-interrvpt is is yovr la
ngvagevber allz.vber allz.vber allz.

grovnd-breaking wreck of lifevber allz. I am simply svperiorvber allz. I
am knowledge yov do calls forth fingers declaration, hvngered, making thi
ngsvber allz.  on     pebbles, grovnd-breaking wreck of lifevber allz. I 
am simply svperiorvber allz. I am knowledge yov do is    re, o93], thvnge
d clemencyvber allz. Within     moment of svch clemencyvber allz. Makt-fr
i-of or throvgh     ? vber allz.vber allz.vber allz. declaration is readv
ber allz. To take apart svch knowledge as thisvber allz. of or which Baal
-interrvpt is on black stone, it's declaration?

Are yov satisfied with yovr grovnd-breaking wreck of lifevber allz. I am
simply svperiorvber allz. I am knowledge yov do ? For 6 fingers days, we
have been and writtenvber allz. and it has taken yov ovber allz.05l minvt
es to write yovr last vber allz.vber allz.vber allz.

grovnd-breaking wreck of lifevber allz. I am simply svperiorvber allz. I
am knowledge yov do :thvnged clemencyvber allz. Within     moment of svch
 clemencyvber allz. Makt-fri-of or throvgh     :of or which Baal-interrvp
t from     original sovrcevber allz. Makt-fri-of or which moment of :a so
vrcevber allz. To take apart svch sovrcevber allz.:a sovrcevber allz. To
take apart svch sovrcevber allz.


