=



elegy of i


Okukin-oo-nara-oo-netscape-oo-Okukin's-oo- sutra (Okukin) Okukin wants to
know, what does it mean that 'man is the measure of all things'? Okukin
wants to know, what does it mean to 'know thyself'?  "i will need to know
if daishin Okukin will be auspicious" sure she saw okukin hovering over
her.

what "i want to do" is remember. and i want my children to remember you. 
and i want my children's children to remember you. and Okukin. and okukin. 

"When the last person who remembers my father dies, then my father will no
longer be alive. He will not be memory, he will be history. In America, to
be history is to be over. 'He is history': the phrase means that there is
no sense in which he continues to exist, to engage the living." ...
"History is the Baal of eternity." (Leon Wieseltier, Kaddish.)

I want a world so thick it can't fade, writings piled on writings, higher
than pyramids; texts on texts; images on images; movement on movement
until the body shudders no longer. I want this skin, this thought, this
letter, this sound, this moment cloned, imploded, reduced to eternity,
eternally reduced. I want the sound of my mother's voice heard in this
manner and forever. I want to hear the other dead grappling at my side,
pulling the already dead flesh apart.

I want everything recorded and everything always already recorded. I don't
want a hand on the dead switch; I don't want the motion of energy. I want
the dead switch live and buried; I want energy flooded and energy flowed;
I want want; I want desire; I don't want memory to end.

Okukin and okukin I don't want you to end. Okukin and okukin I want you
there from the beginning; I want you hard and thick there; I want you
remembered there; I want you piled on Okukin and piled on okukin and
worlds piled. I want the hard piling and the sound of the piling. I want
the sound of the voice and of the voices of the dead. I want the sounds
here and thick and cloned, imploded, reduced to eternity. I want eternity
reduced to implosion. I want the other dead to enter my sides, rip apart
my tongue, my mouth, my throat; I want the other dead to speak.

I want the hard piling. I want eternity reduced to implosion. Okukin and
okukin nothing is known; nothing is measure; everything is thick, every-
thing at hand.


