


How to Tow a Battleship


In men-of-war, a pendant of wire or chain is sometimes taken around the
after turret. This is the method used in the British Navy where one bat-
tleship tows another. Two lines are used here - a plan which has some ad-
vantages and a good many disadvantages. A better plan is to surround the
turret with chain which connects to a single chain, and thence to a 7 inch
wire rope through the chock. It is a good plan to use a short length of
chain for the lead through the chock, shackling outside to an eye in the
end of the wire-line, and inside to a pendant or span from the turret, the
bitts, or elsewhere, according to the arrangement decided upon for secur-
ing. The chain through the chock not only takes the chafe - under which
the wire would cut through - but by its flexibility does away with the
dangerous "nip" which would be thrown into the wire if the tow chanced to
take a rank sheer off onto the quarter. If it is thought that the chain
might suffer from chafe, a perfectly efficient sleeve may be made by wrap-
ping it with a sheet of copper from 1/8 to 1/4-inch thick. If chain is not
to be used for taking the chafe in the chock, the tow-line must be vary
carefully protected by chafing-gear, which it is well to put on in the
shape of a long and bulky "pudding." The stiffness of such a pudding redu-
ces the sharpness of the nip which without it would be thrown upon the
wire from time to time by the sheering of the ships. There should be a
pelican-hook attached on one end to the winch on the battleship and on the
other to the lead chain from the turret. Of course one might use a wire
pendant around the turret itself. The pelicans-hooks are used for letting
go and may take the weight of the tow at all times. In other cases, the
strain may be momentarily on the hook, relieving the shackle and admitting
of knocking out the shackle-pins, after which the pelican-hook is slipped.  
This arrangement admits of a slight delay and the whole arrangement is
more secure than that of the British system, which involves double wires,
one on each side of the turret, passing through chocks; the possibility of
ill-coordinated effort is always real. The pelican-hook should be large
and heavy, as it takes the full weight of the tow. It must be fitted with
a lanyard leading to the bridge, by which it can be tripped without send-
ing anyone onto the forecastle. To the end of the chain is shackled a pen-
dant of wire-rope long enough to lead aft, outside of all, to the bridge 
or some other point at which it is convenient to handle lines even in bad 
weather. The line from the towing ship, which is preferably of manila for 
reasons already explained, is hauled over to this point of the tow and 
shackled to the wire pendant, after which the bight is let go, giving a 
clear lead.

For casting off, it is only necessary to trip the pelican-hook.

(Adapted from Knight's Modern Seamanship, 7th edition, 1917.)


