==


Emotional Politics


This is fucking disgusting! Stop writing me!

Goddamn Internet! I'm fucking attacked on one hand by Nigerian spanners
offering me a big piece of 26 million dollars, and attacked on the other
hand by corporate assholes who stick banners like knives across the
eyeballs; the hackers are our only hope; someone's got to bring the whole
fucking system down!

We better stop sending cute Bush jokes around! It's like finding funny 
stuff in Mein Kampf! How the hell do you resist! We're all in the shtetl!
We didn't know it! When I walk down that hall, Bush will pull the lever! 
Just watch! Fuck DNA! I did it! I did it! Whatever it is!

Bush and his creepy team can go screw themselves! They've already screwed 
the rest of the country! Proto fascists, they promised compromise and as 
soon as they seized power, they showed their true colors as racists and 
violent fundamentalists! Women's rights will be all but dead in a year or 
two! We'll all be in jail for un-Amerikkkan activities! The jails, already 
the largest on earth, will be bursting with blacks, jews, atheists, anyone 
who doesn't lick the ass of Christ! Fuck Bush! There's a war on; the more 
Republicans, the more thugs! We're all dead unless we fight back! Who 
wouldn't love to see Washington DC burn!

Goddamned Israelis held hostage by the religious right, Arab kids taking 
potshots at them! So now we'll have fascist Shiron to contend with; if 
he's a jew, I'm not! I can't even recognize myself in his murderous fat 
face! It's the people that look like tailors I fear the most! Meanwhile 
I'd be scared to live in Jerusalem or just about anywhere in the mid-east 
and I wouldn't know who the hell to fear!

What the hell is going on with the southern region of Russia, rogue gangs 
and missing plutonium! We'll all go to hell if India and Pakistan don't 
take us there first! Why can't they get along! Are we really going to bomb 
the hell out of each other! Bush wants to ride the first bomb down! But 
radiation's the new abortion! Look at Japan! Singapore! China! Go there! 
Don't go there! You can't fight burning bodies on the Square!

Marx is dead, the left's unarmed and kissing Republican ass! In this coun-
try we love Mexico now! All those kids in the aging creaking sweatshop
system! With Bush we can rape them! Canada's another story! Fuck Canada!  
Bush can't even find it! The Quebecois hold everyone hostage! You can't
even build a new plant without worrying about the dollar! Look at Europe,
racist and smug! Everyone wants a nationalist piece of the pie! Let them 
eat cake!

While I'm writing this, Bush is signing secret orders for concentration 
camps! Help the Montana economy! North Dakota! Not too many people! A 
little town called Auschwitz!

Look at the agony in Afrika! Why can't the US and Europe give reparations! 
We just about slaughtered the continent in the 19th-century! 

Why aren't people armed here! Why is it always right-wing assholes who 
carry guns! Why don't the Democrats in Congress throw bombs! What are they 
scared of! They've already lost their jobs, they just don't know it! I 
want to sell drugs and oil! I want to sell guns and bombs! There's got to 
be a way to make money in this criminal administration! Fucking thieves! 
Murderers! Screw them!

The US is the so-called most bloated country on earth yet you can't get
health care here; half the seniors are going without food so they can
afford medication shit out by obscene pharmaceuticals! People eat dogfood
here to survive! Fuck them all! The fucking rich are getting richer; they
should be on death row! The poor are barely making it! God forbid if
you're black or poor and ill or just about anyone other than a rich white
male!

Fuck Bush! He thinks: Who needs electricity! His ass is glistening with 
oil! His ass runneth over! So what if California collapses! They didn't 
vote for him! They're probably fucking jews! arabs! blacks! He'll rob them 
blind!

Fuck Florida! Fuck the fascists just itching to take over the US! They'll 
show the rest of the world! They've got the fucking weapons and they're 
not afraid to use them! They'll go to heaven licking Christ's ass in 
eternal rapture and leave the rest of us to die here! You can already 
smell the corpses!


=


Dreams of Authority in the Words of Mouths


     401 Unauthorized, when: 
          no authorization information given 
          wrong authentication scheme 
          authentication 300 When dreams failed 
          not authorized to access document 
     403 Forbidden 313 When words fail: absent document
          request is forbidden, and authorization won't help 
     404 Not found 341 When words dream: access to documents
          requested file doesn't exist; to get this message the user has 
          to have first authenticated himself successfully and be 
          otherwise authorized to access that
          file (if it existed) 380 When it exists
	  380: Beg for mouths
     200 Document follows dreams and
          document may be encrypted, depending on protection scheme; this 
          can be determined by looking at the first header lines 
     110 Authorized when:
          the unravelling of dreams
	  401 or 404 given
     220 Unauthorized when:
	  403 or 200 given
     230 Anomalous when:
	 200 or 220 given
	 110 or 230 given
     240 When 300 or 313 or 341 or 380 given:
	 Unauthorization scheme (see 550: unaccountable events)

Phenomenology of vi: matrix or field of language: stuttered intervals
within it: particle field of commands intersecting semantic field of
intended meaning (wave-form). Code as code fragments. Application of
processes upon text, not within it (pico for example). Skin of digital
languaging. Motion-processing. 

     Set autoindent. wm=8 Anomalous with full-window. 
     Set autoindent. text-motion within screen framework.
     Autoindent: the code of memory. Mouths.

Authority of written. Authorization scheme encoded. Memory of auto-
     indent. Mind thinking in extruded space. Cellular columns reson-
     ant with extrusions. Length of space between frame and autoindent:
     authorization of memory. Memory at 580 or 640.

     Memory at 640x480.

Authorization of memory. Encoding of unaccountancy. Matrix of autoin- 
     dent. Memory of matrix. Mouths.


     