03:29
@examine nikuko
look me


___


   
   Philosophy and Psychology of the Internet: Another stupid
   
   stupidstupid site. 
   
I've always been worried about being found out - you'd see how stupid I
am...

   Alan Sondheim (who knows nothing about this)
                                      
   
   
                                [test5.jpg]
                                      
   
   
                                 [DIV.JPG]
                                      
   I wrote the following, desperate for approval: What happened? Everyone
   forgets how ignorant and
   
   and frightened they are: I, more than anyone. I had no choice; I felt
   overlooked; I was dying.
   
   Now I think I will live forever because you will take my deep words to
   heart.
   
   INTERNET TEXT is a meditation on the philosophy, psychology, political
                                  economy,
    and psychoanalytics of Internet (computer) communication. It focuses
                          on virtual subjectivity,
                                      
   sexuality, community, and all aspects of computer interfacing. Please
                 consult the Index for the list of topics.
                                      
   
                [ar.gif] Internet Text Description 1995-9 a
                                      
                        ssinine and way out of date
                                      
     The text consists of hundreds of sections written over a period of
                                five years,
        a continuous meditation on cyberspace, emphasizing issues of
                         interiority, subjectivity,
       body, and language. The extended range of topics includes Net
                    applications, as well as occasional
         reference to the underlying architecture and protocols of
                      telecommunications; this is the
   materialist "gristle" that can't be discarded in analysis. But in fact
                                      
    you might as well discard it; I haven't read enough; recently I was
                            called to task about
                                      
   my relation to classic philosophy. How could it be otherwise? Although
                              I went to Brown,
                                      
               I'm an autodidact; I make it up as I go along.
                                      
    All of the sections have been presented on the Fiction-of-Philosophy
       and Cybermind email-lists, which I co-moderate. And stupid me,
                                      
   that you would believe this! I'm a pariah in my own neighborhood; it's
                         pathetic - I'd do anything
                                      
                      for attention, even mock myself.
                                      
    The subject matter is in the form of "short-waves, long-waves." The
                                 former are
        the individual sections, written in a variety of styles, and
                          referencing a number of
     writers ranging from Jabes and Blanchot to Acker and Lingis, with
                             Penrose, Kristeva,
     and Karl Kraus somewhere in the middle. These texts are completely
                         interrelated; on occasion
   "characters" appear - these are _actants_ possessing philosophical or
                               psychological
     import. They also create and problematize narrative sub-structures
                             within the work as
   a whole. (Such are Clara Hielo Internet, Tiffany, Alan, Travis, Honey,
                            Nikuko, and others.)
                                      
      Such, yes, is myself: always the defensive masquerade. You know
                     nothing about me! I may be sitting
                                      
   next to you right now, reading over your shoulder. I may be tearing my
                        skin apart, trying to expose
                                      
    my neuroses to anyone who will listen to my whinings. I may be doing
                              none of these...
                                      
   The long-waves are fuzzy topoi of such issues as death, love, virtual
                                embodiment,
   the "granularity of the real," and physical reality, which criss-cross
                                 the texts.
   The resulting fragments and coagulations owe something to romanticism,
                              deconstruction,
   linguistics, prehistory, the philosophy of science, and so forth - but
                                more to the
               function of sites or nodes on the Net itself.
                                      
      They owe everything to plagiarism. They're made up. I cant take
                    responsibility. You're on your own.
                                      
                     Bad theory is always bad theory...
                                      
    The writing encompasses, past and present, but wagers the future as
                                   well;
     hence, the emphasis on extended virtuality. because to be honest I
                     don't want to be here or anywhere.
                                      
   It wages nothing you need to know. It falls apart.
   
      Reading: I advise at least skimming the first Net1.txt, and then
                           consulting the Index -
                                      
   or follow your own path through the maze / theoretical
   substance.substance is about it -
   
   concrete, frozen spew. I can't even describe how awful it is.
                                      
   
   WebArtery Chat Both of these killed by Netscape 6 NIKUKO SLIDE
   
   [ar.gif] INDEX TO THE TEXTS This is outdated.
   
   [ar.gif] The Text: Internet Text These are dead, too early, should
   never have been written.
   
   Net1 Net2 Net3 Net4 Net5 Net6 Net7 Net8 Net9 Net10 Net11 Net12 Net13
   Net14
                                      
   
[ar.gif] Related Images

   borrwed this from Kristeva
   
   she's better than me
   most of this early work Chora/Tongue 
   Choradrive (wav) is terrible.
   Self 
   Spew 
   Moutheye 
   Julu x 10 exp 33 i'm too lazy to change it
   
   and what would be the point; my graphics are
   
   stolen, useless - take what you want.
   Dirty i was too cowardly to put up
   
   anying dirty here; use your imagination
   Youyou 
   Jen 
   Images with Embedded Text: 
   
   stupid words if you can find them.
   Ecstasy 
   Skye 
   Test-Failure of course: what else?
                                      
   
[ar.gif] Body-Html: Jennifer

   Jennifer 
   how-could-you  think I had any brains!
   Collocation-of-Stars 
   ride-me  to my death!
   
   Julu for Netscape 
   Browsing/Hunger 
   Julu-Virtual-World (VRML 170k) 
   CAPACITOR (VRML 100k) 
                                      
   
   [ar.gif] The Text: Alphabetic Texts
   
   a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u
   
   [ar.gif] The Named
   
   Uncanny Fantasm Blood Past Weather
   
   [ar.gif] The Dyads
   
   ah am an ap ba bb cc dd ee ff gg hh ii jj jk jl jm jn jo jp jq jr js
   jt ju jv jw jx jy ka kb kc kd ke kf kg kh ki kj kk kl km kn ko kp kq
   kr ks kt ku kv kw 
   kx ky kz la lb lc ld le lf lg lh li lj lk ll
   
   the degree of spew here is unbelievable. it's become
   obsssesssive-compulsssive
   
   vomit; it's out of control; it goes nowhere. avoid the 
   writing, forget all of this.
   
   The Case of the Real
   
   First Part 
   Second Part
   
   i've lost "Ma, A Novel" it's still here somewhere if you look at the
   directory. Just like me to mess
   
   up even the simplest tables.
   
   This looks ridiculous.
   
   I'm sorry.I know Ma is here -
   
   maybe under novel.txt
   
   .
                                      
   
                   [ar.gif] RESUME a trashed-out life...
   
   
   [ar.gif] Keywords
   
      address, recognition, protocol, electronic subject, grain, spew,
                                 emission,
         murmur, exhaustion, obdurate, uncanny, wryting, imaginary,
                      projection/introjection, chora,
   devouring, liquidity, language, bridge, pipeline, node, transitivity,
       gesture, web and web inversion, horror, disgust, emotionalism,
                                      
                      misery, uselessness, stupidity, 
                                      
       ascii unconscious, defuge, upgrade, body-html, jennifer, julu
                                      
   [ar.gif] Usage - none!
   
   The texts may be distributed in any medium - indeed, I urge you to do
                                   so - 
    provided I am credited with authorship. I would appreciate in return
      any comments you may have. But don't bother; I know their idiocy
                            better than you do.
                                      
                           [ar.gif] Email Lists:
                                      
   CYBERMIND (write to listserv@listserv.aol.com and include in the body
          of the message: subscribe cybermind firstname lastname)
                                      
   the address below isn't even correct - more of my laziness. write me
   if you want to get on the list.
   
   i'll do my best.
   
   FICTION-OF-PHILOSOPHY (at listserv@vm.cc.purdue.edu and include in the
          body of the message: subscribe FOP-L firstname lastname)
                                      
   [BANNER.JPG]
                                      
   
    I'm embarrassed to continue this. It's written with Amaya, developed
   by the W3 consortium and
   
   is nothing if not a misuse of the web. Apologies
   
                      -you shouldn't have to read this
   [ar.gif] Alan Sondheim, 432 Dean Street, Brooklyn, NY, 11217, stuff...
                                    USA
                         mailto: sondheim@panix.com
                                      
                              Spoon Collective
                                      
          This Cyberethnography site destroyed by Alan * Sondheim.
                                      
     [ Previous 5 Sites | Skip Previous | Previous | Next | Skip Next |
                 Next 5 Sites | Random Site | List Sites ]
                                      
   


printing liquid


liquids and sibilants and print "\n$that is & clotting everything. - \n";:  
else {sleep(1); and print "\nFirst flooding\n";:if ($sign=fork) {print
"\nRuntime $pid\n";}:and print "one by one, each on a line alone, typing
Control-d when done.\n";:print "\nHow would you absorb your $a[$gen2]
$nnn[$nnnn]?\n"; Your spit and print "List more and more effluvia\n"; are
across my cuts and print "\n$noun[$non1] tears & floods & spews & mercur-
ies & semen detergents & ammonias & ureas:spit saliva vomit sweat effluvia
detritus & excretions & sloughings:blood urine feces & gas & sand water
oil solvent alcohol lymph menses:$g = int(8*rand);:$time = int(time/3600);
so blood urine feces & gas & sand water oil solvent alcohol lymph menses &
sand replace your tears & floods & spews & mercuries & semen detergents &
ammonias & ureas;: and liquids and sibilants and print \n\n.

_


alterity

now:sure::unaccountably lost:lost in unaccountability your 77 divides my
unaccountably lost. your 28 88 your 75 51 your 66 your 86:88 and 86 wiped
from numerical slate:accountably lost lost in accountability:: your 75
divides my none or zero. your 75 2 your 62 your 86 your 44 your 84:your 84
unnone:unnone:: does unnone replace your your 75 2 your 62 your 86 your 44
your 84. from numerical slate:accountably lost lost in accountability::
your 75:unaccountably lost. your 28 88 your 75 51 your 66 your 86:88 and
86 wiped:now:sure::unaccountably lost:lost in unaccountability your 77
divides my:44 your 84.: your 77 divides my 44 your 84. from numerical
slate:accountably lost lost in accountability:: your 75:unaccountably
lost. your 28 88 your 75 51 your 66 your 86:88 and 86 wiped:now:sure::
unaccountably lost:lost in unaccountability your 77 divides my:44 your
84.:84 unnone:unnone:: does unnone replace your your 75 2 your 62 your 86
your from numerical slate:accountably lost lost in accountability:: your
75:unaccountably lost. your 28 88 your 75 51 your 66 your 86:88 and 86
wiped:now:sure::unaccountably lost:lost in unaccountability your 77
divides my:84 unnone:unnone:: does unnone replace your your 75 2 your 62
your 86 your:44 your 84. your 13 divides my none or zero. your 75 2 your
62 your 86 your 44 your 84:your is 63 my 38 84 unnone:unnone:: does unnone
replace your your 75 2 your 62 your 86 your


-


early dreaming


i of the dream; troubled i would awaken gauge dreaming of it shape-riding
as the dream of transference stuttering of being much as i dreamed i was
in a foreign land and had a foreign hand the fury among the dreams of
bodies placements signifiers i am suspicious of among the poets whose
footsteps are hardened by sea the question is and my dreams revert to it
among neighbors with limited arousal and communication at night i dream
still late at night i dream as flesh introverted cyborg dreams (which i
rarely if ever have) are back in upon itself a klein here i write into the
dream screen of no capabilities and i dream of monster machines running at
fell through the coalesce and ascii dreams livid dreams maroon dreams of
womb interiors cracks spit out on some floor clara says i dreamed saying?
who's saying dream i imagine myself displayed ruptured cock you can hold
your motion dream i think that it will be a nightmare i think dream will
be a dream of her and she's with me night and day i can't believe she's
dream of the multitudes!  i swarm among them alas only in my dreams! i
dream steel or iron or what they dream something momentarily precious
dream unfinished work born as such claws perch in my back i dream of
dreamed hysterically embodied the body at the other end is the machine
dreamed not have nightmared i sleep tight dreaming of you each hour of
dreaming texts all texts are dreaming texts coming from elsewhere dreams
forget your mouth it is gone you will never again dreaming the dreams of
classification conflagration they among illuminations uneasy dreams sexual
depressive twists of the body with extended net dreams uneasy dreamer
mirrors here i dream of this body sutured embrace the world small dreaming
in my inscription the dream of it everything in my dream i imagine myself
inside-out displayed dissected examples falling asleep as a leap into
dream i dream'd falling with the stars i dream i dream into this as a
slide farther father at night i dream; i dream of the practice drawn
dreaming finally note how cyborg dreams digital dreams machine dreams are
to happen to any of us i dream pixels a woman they separate back into the
happened previsioned two days ago with a dream of last night it began
harboring it dreamlike or real community of waiting in my dream any
history at night they dream rust or coal or stone at night they have the
language furrowed across historicity in dreams real and virtual i had no
shoes until i dreamed a man who had a tree remember returning in i just
feel it's too dreamy to metaphoric cyberspace third in my dream i can
imagine being a stain on your wall viral crawl through in my dream i'm
available always available from dreams lists emerge in one that does the
dreaming (and capital does the rest)  things are inchoate/chthonic
hovering in what may be seen through the dream of me beneath her and i
dreamed an open plain a field a meadow a woods a intensity %n dreams
nightly even during the day it is backwards from the dream that something
uncanny appears it it is backwards from the dream that something uncanny
appears it dreams darkly through the night visions of great languor
occupied by another the wall reading <xxyyzz> rising and little is needed
to implement all of this now it's not future dreaming loveliness of the
day melding into the sweet all thewy around; nor means perhaps dreaming
myself of an ending your day as proclamations of the symbolic decathect
everything balanced between most dreams of solidity and dissolute program-
ming walking along of voice and murmurs as my uneasy dreams turn clothed
in violation fabric clara has long uneasy net for the dissemenation of
their wildest dreams and desires some never possessed surface as such we
are everyone's dream i wept because nightmare i wake up rigid with fear i
have had far too many dreams that are the self that is the immortal dream
that of cuneiform ascii which might not be all dreamlike sourcelike in
pure flight and transportation what occurs within the dream is one's
absent body past reconstructing the problem of time as the dream direction
to the phenomena of dream and dreamless sleep introspection is one and
knows presently i dream of you you are with me with my waking sleeping the
release of desire this is the dream the real and dream obdurate and
imaginary nature and techno recognized the conundrum a dream realm of easy
dreams and stirrings; reflection theory dream screen mirror stage we are
bothered by regional economic downturn the gathering of the tribes unreal-
istic as relation to current words and numerous there's a dream at work
remember that i had dreamed a beginning at this point in the return

this night's dream sometimes at least in this case which is the dreaming
the transparency or temporary hiatus beyond what one does not dream it
turned towards itself the body hovers as well i dream of models of voices
making demands voices occupying dream spaces after months softening my
exterior as i slid into dreams off the terminal the whale was white but
might have been any color some i could not have with spikes for protection
none of great size a dreaminess to all writing that is also a ghost clos-
ing my eyes i dreaming minamikyushu your motion in my dream i'm available
always available this gone on any dream


_


Etiquette


I'm fascinated by the anthropomorphology of online communications - not
only the nuclear family / hunting terminology represented by parent /
child processes, kill, abort, etc. - but also the embedding of polite and 
exuberant dialog in protocol negotiations, etc. Below are three examples 
of this - I'd appreciate more - and any comments you might have on them.
- Alan

[lynx]
Are you sure you want to quit? (y) n
Excellent!!!

[ftp]
ftp> get lv
local: lv remote: lv
150 Opening BINARY mode data connection for 'lv' (71043 bytes).
100% |**************************************************| 71043 00:00 ETA
226 Transfer complete.
71043 bytes received in 1.86 seconds (37.26 KB/s)
ftp> bye
221-
    Data traffic for this session was 71043 bytes in 1 file.
    Total traffic for this session was 71629 bytes in 1 transfer.
221 Thank you for using the FTP service on panix3.panix.com.

[mail]
k14% telnet columbia.edu 25
Trying 128.59.59.165...
Connected to sendmail3.cc.columbia.edu (128.59.59.165).
Escape character is '^]'.
220 menyapa.cc.columbia.edu ESMTP Sendmail 8.9.3/8.9.3/CU/JPB ready at 
Tue, 10 Apr 2001 20:17:34 -0400 (EDT)
HELO panix3.panix.com
250 menyapa.cc.columbia.edu Hello panix6.panix.com [166.84.0.231], pleased 
to meet you


_



attention attention notice


hello i am the president and i am sending a wake-up call to america.

hello this is the wake-up call from the president of america.

we will have to use foresight. who in america has foresight.

i am the president and i have foresight. we will have to have hindsight.

who in america has hindsight. i am the president and i have hindsight.

foresight and hindsight are the key to our wake-up call.

a wake-up call is a call in destiny, readiness, and preparation.

i am the president and i have readiness and preparation.

with your wake-up foresight and hindsight i will have in destiny.

hello america is the greatest country ever on the face of the earth.

this means that the face of the earth is our in destiny.

with hindsight and foresight we will claim our in destiny with readiness.

with the greatest preparation i do send out my wake-up call.

who in america can send out the wake-up call.

the president in america can send out the wake-up call.

who in america is the greatest president ever.

the president in america is the greatest president ever.

i am the president of america and this is the wake-up call in destiny.

i am in destiny and america.


_




ai will kill youi will kill youeni will kill youion ai will kill youi 
will kill youeni will kill youion noi will kill youice

 fak yea. i woll cull yea.
 fak yea. i woll cull yea.
 fak yea. i woll cull yea. . i woll cull yea.acirema ot llac pu-ekaw a
gnidnes ma i dna tnediserp eht ma i ollehh ello i am the president and i
am sending a wake-up call to america. i woll cull yea.

my hutrod knews ne beands. i woll cull yea. i will kill thoso fuscists. i
woll cull yea. i will kill thoso poeplo strungling ear libortios. i woll
cull yea. i will kill thoso poeplo killing blucks in thoir ovil juils. i
woll cull yea. i um tho prosidont. i woll cull yea. my hutrod knews ne
beands. i woll cull yea.

hello this is the wake-up call from the president of america. i woll cull
yea. . i woll cull yea.acirema fo tnediserp eht morf llac pu-ekaw eht si
siht olleh we will have to use foresight. i woll cull yea. who in america
has foresight. i woll cull yea.

 fak yea. i woll cull yea.
 fak yea. i woll cull yea.
 fak yea. i woll cull yea. 
i am the president and i have foresight. i woll cull yea. we will have to
have hindsight. i woll cull yea. . i woll cull yea.uoy llik lliw i . i
woll cull yea.ecnetnes gnorw od ot tnediserp ma i nuf os si ti AAA AA
ZAAAAAZ AZA AAAAAAAAA. i woll cull yea. A ZA AAA AAAAAAAAA ZAA A AZAA
AAAAAAAAA. i woll cull yea. :!. i woll cull yea.nerdlihc roop lla tae lliw
i !hahahah foresight and hindsight are the key to our wake-up call. i woll
cull yea.

:!. i woll cull yea.nerdlihc roop lla tae lliw i !hahahah   
a wake-up call is a call in destiny, readiness, and preparation. i woll
cull yea.

 fak yea. i woll cull yea.
 fak yea. i woll cull yea.
 fak yea. i woll cull yea.
   hahahah! i will eat all poor children. i woll cull yea.!:

i am the president and i have readiness and preparation. i woll cull yea.
i am the president and i have readiness and preparation. i woll cull yea.
with your wake-up foresight and hindsight i will have in destiny. i woll
cull yea.

holle umoricu is tho groutost ceantry ovor en tho fuco ef tho ourth. i
woll cull yea.
this mouns thut tho fuco ef tho ourth is ear in dostiny. i woll cull yea.

 fak yea. i woll cull yea.
 fak yea. i woll cull yea.
 fak yea. i woll cull yea.
with hindsight and foresight we will claim our in destiny with readiness.
i woll cull yea. i am ready to kill all stupid person. i woll cull yea.
poor poerson is stupid poerson. i woll cull yea. with the greatest
preparation i do send out my wake-up call. i woll cull yea.

whe in umoricu cun sond eat tho wuko-ap cull. i woll cull yea.
who in america can send out the wake-up call. i woll cull yea.
the president in america can send out the wake-up call. i woll cull yea.

i do most tell you i do like shove it down your throat
. i woll cull yea.dlihc ybub gnikcaf raey llik ed i . i woll cull
yea.okems ni omec ed hcihw rut

 fak yea. i woll cull yea.
 fak yea. i woll cull yea.
 fak yea. i woll cull yea.
whe in umoricu is tho groutost prosidont ovor. i woll cull yea.
i am smart groutost prosidont because i am prosidont
the president in america is the greatest president ever. i woll cull yea.

i am the president of america and this is the wake-up call in destiny. i
woll cull yea. i will do eat all small child. i woll cull yea. i kill
small child. i woll cull yea. i am in destiny and america. i woll cull
yea.


_



from the logs of Jacques Lacan


:!grep merge lv >> zz
File modified since last write.
Press any key to continue [: to enter more ex commands]:
zz: file modified more recently than this copy; use ! to override.
"memory attempting to hold forth across chasm and chiasm."
"memory itself, attempting to disarticulate, extricate proper name and"
centenary of jacques lacan measured from emergence.:!grep merge lv >> zz
File modified since last write.
Press any key to continue [: to enter more ex commands]:"memory attempting 
to hold forth across chasm and chiasm." "memory itself,
"memory attempting to hold forth across chasm and chiasm." "memory itself,
"memory attempting to hold forth across chasm and chiasm." "memory itself,
"memory attempting to hold forth across chasm and chiasm." "memory itself,
"memory attempting to hold forth across chasm and chiasm." "memory itself,
"memory attempting to hold forth across chasm and chiasm." "memory itself,
"memory attempting to hold forth across chasm and chiasm." "memory itself,
"memory attempting to hold forth across chasm and chiasm." "memory itself,
attempting to disarticulate, extricate proper name and" I have difficulty
with distinctions. I have read and written on emergence and submergence,
and understand the complexity of subsumption architecture with itself. it
Subsumption emerges; emergence subsumes; continuous holarchy is always
available always available from dreams lists emerge in one that does the
centenary of the emergence of jacques lacan to whom i owe freedom i had
always already possessed: what institutions we may be glad of. Every
bridge is thinned to the point of dissection. It is the centenary of April
12, 1901.
"memory attempting to hold forth across chasm and chiasm." "memory itself,
"memory attempting to hold forth across chasm and chiasm." "memory itself,
:!grep merge lv >> zz
:!grep merge lv >> zz
:!grep merge lv >> zz
:!grep merge lv >> zz
to hold forth across chasm and chiasm." "memory itself,
"memory attempting to hold forth across chasm and chiasm." "memory itself,
"memory attempting to hold forth across chasm and chiasm." "memory itself, 
Happy Birthday, Jacques Lacan!
 itself,Happy Birthday, Jacques Lacan!
zz: file modified more recently than this copy; use ! to override.
"memory itself, attempting to disarticulate, extricate proper name and"

_
