


incubi succubi


i feel always i'm in your cunt, always  do u sleep in my cunt?
it's close that close do u like it there..
yes i love it in your cunt i'd sleep the cocktip dildo clit ..or do they 
just roll off ..the garment..and also the dress i have on is thin  i 
fucked the wall..it had a shadow on it that reminded me off u . shit cum flow 
from your cunt, feel my tongue come out of you i pull my asshole apart for 
you as well, four fingers spreading it for you...
o ..about a lover that was a shadow ..and sometimes with my words  i 
don't undeit makes me yours, you can brand me there, kim's hole 
you can crawl in me too, cover yourself with me, emerge, i'd lick you clean 
that we're like puppets, incubi, succubi, crawling around like worms into one 
another, 
wrapped knotted until the bodies pop, incubi, succubi crawl out, like r 
stand them till much later..this was one time
works into one another...my cunt feeling ure words ..always they drip 
from me..as i walk the street ..when i think ure name ure text appears 
down my legs..
ure shadows follow me around .. to feel ure text..it flows always  time, 
you turn me into something... make me your slut, turn me into something, 
make me a man, 
a woman, turn me inside out... i want you to cut off my cock, shove it in 
your holes, keep it inside you forever you can insert things into me, 
your other lovers too... 
i'll be your chair, your hole, your skin, your writing-pad, your toilet, 
your landscape   you take these words and make me with them, 
send them on, open them, cracks  
u tunneling ure way to my insides ..flowing the waves ..listening to the 
sounds ..ure holes being always available ..to insert ..to pull ..and 
stick..to p
rick..to taste all that in my mouth... i want to be you want to fuck you 
you so you gotta take my cock and put it on and when u prod me all broken 
i will eat it ..all ..comsume it till it only lives in me ..this 
space..and carry it..show it ..place it in my mouth and my eyes you, take 
my balls, my legs, give me your legs, we'll exchange all of it,
cut off our arms, legs, fingers, stuff them into each other, we don't 
know who belongs to who...we're fucked up now, 
fucked up looking, all parts in all 
wrong places, half-people, my cock leaking out of your asshole, your 
cunt on my forehead opened by your fingers on my hands..till i cry ..till 
i sway into ure screen..over the board ..onto ure lap..placesing the keys 
into my body...and giving tiny letters for u to insert..into u ..i
so that your hand is my hand my hand is yours you wear your cock i wear 
my cunt we walk everywhere fuck everyone sometimes we split and watch 
everyone fuck everyone watching us i watch cunts on your cock all sorts 
of begging women  you watch cocks in my mouth cunt asshole all sorts of 
begging men to me to exchange parts..so u can smell me ..in my ba
carrying them 
around ..taking  we cum in each other and glue each other open and shut 
we're we greasy like now, your grease upon me when i need to eat..all in 
a bag..so that a hadn that ouches u is u ..and mine is i will put your 
cloth in me, in my mouth, begging others to fuck us, cover
and never knowing who is touching who. it began  or where it finshed
and our sticky parts will stick to others ..aways glued and greasy 
never dry. there will be glasses full of piss and cum and 
milk and blood ..always changing our sticky parts for others
and our venom will be all that is needed to keep us alive ..and in 
death..we will be sipping from  each others grease and never 
a seam in sight..


