


Fractal Persona


For a long time, I wrote on the phenomenology of person-classes in
english, first/second/third, in terms, among other things, of spatiality,
the second-person space, the intimacy of alterity, that of the acoustic in
which all voice from the other becomes interiority. (See the introduction
to my Individuals: Post-Movement Art in America, 1977.) In particular, I
considered Vito Acconci's work, with its orality/aurality, to be second-
person, creating an intimacy by virtue of speech which seemed soluble, on
the order of a caress, or its command. Third person was always easier,
realm of circumscription and those classical logics I have described else-
where as well. And first person, bordering on solipsism, is no more than 
shifter, the Lacanian eye inserted into language.

It is reasonably clear that these divisions exist superficially on the Net
as well; first-person recounting and the abstracted audience of the email
list as a whole; second person private-email; third person subjects, which
also involve the proper-name lists. These categories hold more or less
true for Usenet; the synchronous CMC are considerably more complex - for
example, the third-person of the MOO format, first-person talk. All of
these drag the body within, beyond, behind as well; again, on a surface
level, it's possible to chart the regimes as they appear, part application
and part style/content, seeping out. 

The intertextualities of the texts Kim and I have been working on, and 
the dissolution experienced in the writing or _being_ of those texts is 
something else again; I use the term fractal persona to indicate this. 
The divisions are innumerable; if we compress gender as eir, etc. one has 
the following (and order is not important, since we're talking about 
interstitiality here): i/eir, i/you, you/eir, and these again may refer- 
ence singular, plural, or s/p. The labeling isn't important. The last 
text that Kim and I lived would be (i/you/s/p), the conflation of first 
and second, singular and plural.

This isn't a fixed number, it's not a position generated from an origin,
but it is a wayward or contrary number, representing similarities and
dissolutions on any level from that of the socius through that of the
molecular. If "I" am naked at this end, "I" see my body replicating,
sloughing off, descending into fantasm, the uncanny, and that preoedipal
state that requires oedipal writing to bring it about, on itself/our-
selves. (And what this is _not_: mystical loss (there are so many objects
about), void or abyss; de-editorializing of the real (drug tripping at
times) - it partakes of the maternal belly, destruction, as reported by 
Janine Chasseguet-Smirgel in a number of texts...)

This isn't a fixed number, and if one can reverse a trend, one can con- 
sider it the pronominal syntax of the cyborg, extrapolated from that 
cyborg of the flesh that we have become...

