



love and death on the information superhighway


men and women see Tiffany in the woods. Tiffany attacks. men and women
have no escape!
> kill Tiffany 
men and women chop her to pieces!  Ah!  The blood! Mens and womens blood
freezes as men and women hear Tiffany's death cry. The woman misses you
with her hit. men and women hit Tiffany hard. The woman misses men and
women with her hit. 
> fondle woman 
men and women fondly fondle her. 
> kiss Tiffany 
The woman misses men and women with her hit. men and women hit Tiffany
hard. The woman misses men and women with her hit. men and women kiss her. 
> french Tiffany 
The woman misses men and women with her hit. men and women hit Tiffany
hard. men and women give the Tiffany a long and passionate kiss, it 
seems to take forever... 
> take corpse 
men and women get the corpse of Tiffany. The woman misses men and women
with her hit. men and women hit Tiffany hard. 
> eat corpse 
Men and women eat the corpse. The woman misses men and women with her hit.
men and women hit Tiffany hard. The woman misses men and women with 
her hit. 
> kill Tiffany 
men and women chop her to pieces!  Ah!  The blood! Mens and womens blood
freezes as men and women hear Tiffany's death cry. The woman misses men 
and women with her hit. men and women hit Tiffany hard. The woman misses 
men and women with her hit. 
> quit 
No way!  men and women're fighting for mens and womens life! 
> fondle Tiffany
The woman misses men and women with her hit. men and women fondly fondle
her. Tiffany misses men and women with her hit. 
> kiss Tiffany 
men and women kiss her. men and women hit Tiffany hard. The woman misses 
men and women with her hit. 
> french Tiffany 
men and women give Tiffany a long and passionate kiss, it seems to take
forever... 
> moan 
men and women hit Tiffany. The woman misses men and women with her hit.
men and women start to moan. men and women hit Tiffany hard. The woman 
misses men and women with her hit. 
> kill Tiffany 
men and women chop her to pieces!  Ah!  The blood! mens and womens blood
freezes as men and women hear Tiffany's death cry. The sun rises in the
east. 
Tiffany attacks!
> quit 
Goodbye, friends.. Come back soon

