



Modifications of Semantic Regimes, Outline


A number of the recent texts have utilized Internet applications and their
semantic regimes, their syntactical domains which construct a certain po-
tential for events, discursivities. The texts have explored these regimes
and modified them by means of transformations which range from simplistic
to relatively profound. The transformations provide a means of investigat-
ing both the margins of discourse in particular applications, and the
related potentials for embodiment, desire, and virtual subjectivity. The
applications have included muds and their descendents, as well as various 
forms of chat. The transformations occur on several levels:

1. Noun, pronoun, or verb. Changing "he" to "she," "lamia" to "Tiffany" 
for example. These changes are isolated nodes within the narrative matrix. 

2. Transforms on the order of the phrase, etc. - thematics relying on
language parsing. These are larger-scale changes which can create new and
interwoven subthemes and themes - for example "aural" as potential instead
of "telephone." Such transforms may be direct translation from one theme 
to another, but baroque interconnectivites among objects can redefine the 
environment in depth.

3. Diffusion of narratologies, hypertextual splits/branches; here I 
would also place issues of fractal persona, interweavings so dense as to 
be simultaneously indistinguishable and indecipherable. I think of the 
ytalk texts among KimAlan. (I also think of cyclicity here, wizards at 
useless war on lpmuds for example.)

4. Framework articulations, the Andy Kaufman effect - projections such as 
echo which modify or dissolve the distribution of power. Here I think of 
breakdowns of alterity, speaking-for-others on circlemud, circumscription 
among participants. Here I also think of hacking strategies. Framework 
articulations need not be destructive, however; they can be used to 
thicken or ground text, reconstructing an lpmud for example as the inter- 
weavings of ytalk desire, or transforming talker into IRC waves among 
several participants.

5. Introjections, decay, the assumption of powers, through extensions of 
wizard powers, programming knowledge, packaged programs, and the like. 
Things reach the point of defuge, exhaustion; there are no longer parti- 
cipants but diffusions across membranes, and the totality is evaporative, 
molecular. The extremes of net sexualities occur here, the fissuring of 
semantic regimes. 

6. On the surface, the play of random elements, or hidden elements such 
as wizard snoop, missent or mispent email, sudden disconnects, the typing 
of "are you there" into the night. The random, noise (not chaos mind you) 
is the architecture of the leaky and indeterminate ceiling; sourceless, 
targetless, it surrounds us.

I am interested in texts in extremis, "at the point of death," "in great
difficulties." These are circumlocutions of the quagmire; like Sierpinski
sponges, they are sodden, chthonic, inchoate. They are near toppling,
close to the rooting, meristemation of language. Composed of micro-ges-
tures, they are more contrary or wayward than contradictory. There is no
truth embodied in them, nothing but the sense of a subject dissolving in
another, close at hand, running across the surface of narratives of the
absurd. 


