




Coding


There is the double articulation of morse code, the difference between dot
and dash, the articulation of language embedded in it, these worlds which
apparently insist that language is foreclosed. Kripke's possible worlds
open up arguments elsewhere, and so does structuralism, if I'm not mista-
ken, the dyadic or matrixed elements congealed from the real, from speech
reflected in ceremony, and what is ceremony itself, if not a language of
the real with its own oppositions: the cooked and the raw or the "cooked"
and the "raw." The propriety of the real vis-a-vis language has been ban-
ished to the residue or excess of the signifier. Meanwhile, once again
Winograd's microworlds teach us that language is insufficient and remains
computationally undeveloped unless a computer has something to talk about.
What is this _having something_ if not the framing of a disturbance? I
offer that the body itself is such a disturbance, that in fact language is
not foreclosed, that it only becomes foreclosed as a result of political
economy - the language of totalitarianism, for example, which is tethered
through its own secondary ideological planes.  This seems to assume that
language has a conscience, as much as the unconscious has a language - and
before this notion is dropped entirely it might be advisable to remember
that language is an extrusion of the body, even the body of the computer,
that it in intimate interpenetration with the flesh of its production. (To
the extent, as I just replied in a post here, perhaps we understand
language _exactly._ Which is to the extent that it is precisely _not_
foreclosed, but is measured upon the real, not word paralleling the prob-
lematic object, but flux embedded within what remains indefinite, but
coagulating as clots or vortices (your pick of the structural here) within
it. And running farther, than language remains only partially characteri-
zed by difference, as it is also characterized by the obdurate, the inert.
As Clement Rosset might say, it remains idiotic. And finally, as I've em-
phasized elsewhere, this brings back Flaubert, Bouvard et Pecuchet as well
as the St-Antoine, with its sinking into the displaced body (hysteria)
of description, as language spells out its leaving. (In spite of the fact 
that Flaubert capitulated at the end. Jesus Christ!)


[This meditation is the result of noticing the increased use of the word
"coding," writing code, a code, unlike a structure, as an articulation of
something else. (If language is art, code is design.)]


