


love in cyberspace


to love someone is knowing how to say you're sorry.
to love someone is to be there for her when she needs you.
to love someone is to really be inside his bones.
to love someone is to know the feeling of every muscle, every secret place.
to love someone is to go to the ends of the earth for her.
to love someone is to know how to comfort him in his sore distress.
to love someone is to be able to fight with her and love her still.
to love someone is to wake up with him in the morning ever so slowly.
to love someone is to breathe the same air, touch the same skin.
to love someone is to risk happiness and life itself.
to love someone is to give her space and necessary freedom.
to love someone is to let him go and to let him come towards you.
to love someone is to know how to listen to her with respect and support.
to love someone is to know his many moods.
to love someone is to see her other with wonder.
to love someone is to know he needs a room of one's own.
to love someone is not to be afraid of intimacy.
to love someone is not to be afraid of co-dependency.
to love someone is to love him in sickness and in health.
to love someone is to love her in poverty and in wealth.
to love someone is to follow him in his wayward choices and not be afraid.
to love someone is to follow her in her contrary life with open arms.
to love someone is to open yourself up fully to him, without cost to you.
to love someone is to have no secrets from her, always fully honest.
to love someone is to love the holes of his body, his open privacies.
to love someone is to caress the holes of her body, opening freely for you.
to love someone is to count his hairs, the blinks of his eyes, his smiles.
to love someone is to speak her breaths, lose yourself in her language.
to love someone is to trust him completely with your life.
to love someone is to trust her completely with your life.
to love someone is to speak his breaths, lose yourself in his language.
to love someone is to count her hairs, the blinks of her eyes, her smiles.
to love someone is to caress the holes of his body, opening freely for you.
to love someone is to love the holes of her body, her open privacies.
to love someone is to have no secrets from him, always fully honest.
to love someone is to open yourself up fully to her, without cost to you.
to love someone is to follow him in his contrary life with open arms.
to love someone is to follow her in her wayward choices and not be afraid.
to love someone is to love him in poverty and in wealth.
to love someone is to love her in sickness and in health.


