



love in cyberspace


to love someone is knowing how to say you're sorry.
Tiffany sez: It's always easy here!

to love someone is to be there for her when she needs you.
Tiffany sez: Warez there? I'm a port in any storm! 7777

to love someone is to really be inside his bones.
Tiffany sez: I never saw your bones!

to love someone is to know the feeling of every muscle, every secret place.
to love someone is to go to the ends of the earth for her.
She sez: All these bodies! Give me nothing any day!

to love someone is to know how to comfort him in his sore distress.
She sez to type fast!

to love someone is to be able to fight with her and love her still.
to love someone is to wake up with him in the morning ever so slowly.
to love someone is to breathe the same air, touch the same skin.
She sez manz at a lost! Tiffany quotes:

"A man stupidly believe that, beyond his symbolic title, there is deep in 
himself some substantial content, some hidden treasure which makes him 
worthy of love, whereas a woman knows that there is nothing beneath the 
mask - her strategy is precisely to preserve this 'nothing' of her 
freedom, out of reach of man's possessive love..." (Slavoj Zizek, "Woman 
is one of the names-of-the-father," lacanian ink 10.)

She sez skip this crap! Snip!

to love someone is to count her hairs, the blinks of her eyes, her smiles.
to love someone is to caress the holes of his body, opening freely for you.
to love someone is to love the holes of her body, her open privacies.
Tiffany cums! She seez manz words! Tiffany quotes:

"one is always oneself in masturbation, hysterical fantasy lending itself 
to the development of a narrative spewing family, friends, bodies and 
organs in evaucation..." (Alan Sondheim in Intercepts, lacanian ink 10.)

Tiffany sez lissen to the men! She sez lissen!

to love someone is to open yourself up fully to her, without cost to you.
to love someone is to follow him in her wayward choices and not be afraid.
to love someone is to be a rose!

Snip! Snip! Snip!

She sez: Wordz ar kilbyts in cyberspazz. She sez: cybersex is just schiz!
Tiffany sez the warez tel the truth! That it's an altered!
She sez no onez loved my bodee, she sez I'm a verb!
This verb and this bodee! That verb and that bodee!

Snip!


