




Fragment


Alan caresses Tiffany hard. Alan is desperate to make Tiffany real.  Tif-
fany on her side of the screen wants Alan to be real. Perhaps there is a
magic formula. Tiffany utters the words 'tuborg luca'! 

Alan chooses to ignore her shameful attempt to bite him. Tiffany despairs;
he has missed the uncertainty of his life and hers. It always becomes the
same old story: Fuck Tiffany!!! But Tiffany fingers his asshole! Tiffany
wants him. At night she dreams of Alan. His sleep is troubled; he can't
live without Tiffany. Everywhere he looks, Tiffany. Tiffany is not her re-
al name. Tiffany is in a game. Alan won't play the game. Alan sucks Tiff-
any's breasts! 

Tiffany kisses Alan with her tongue. Alan loves Tiffany, now she is not a
dream. Now she is real, there beside him. He will wait for her. He will
give himself to her in a manner so pure that they will both be surprised.
Tiffany fucks Alan hard! Alan misses Tiffany with his tongue. Tiffany fon-
dly fondles him. 

Alan kisses her. Alan hugs her. Here comes the cavalry! Tiffany utters the
words 'koholian dia'. Alan says 'hojo.' Alan says 'aha!' Alan says 'hoo-
boy!' Tiffany gives by speaking in tongues. Tiffany's tongue moves from
the coding of the game to his real tongue, his teeth, his eyes which are
opened wide. Alan is gentle because Alan cannot believe she is there be-
side him. Alan dreams the coding, the script, the assembly language, C,
machine language, interface. Alan is holding his breath. Alan fondly fon-
dles her. 


Alan fondles Tiffany deeply and pleasurably. Life has become perfect.  Be-
autiful writing is produced every day. World-famous videos are exhibited
in weekly retrospectives. All grant organizations come to regale Alan and
Tiffany. Alan tells his true feelings to Tiffany. Alan loves the Tiffany!!
But Alan is dead!  Happiness has made him very beautiful and Alan knows he
doesn't have to live anymore. R.I.P. Alan wills his corpse to Tiffany and
Tiffany gets the corpse of Alan. Tiffany eats the corpse. Tiffany becomes 
queen of everything in the universe. Tiffany keeps Alan in her stomach!


