


rebuilding lpmud


I went into the church. It was a mess. I transformed it into Tiffany. The
pit was still in the center; I changed that. Towards the north, lips
opened to the dark forest. You could go to the east out of the territory. 
I was clear about the territory. I paid no attention to it. It would drop
off and become someone else. I wasn't someone else. To the west I opened a
hole. The hole led back into Tiffany. Tiffany towered above the trees. 
Tiffany knew you had to close the door of the elevator or there would be
no elevator. Tiffany knew there were certain places you could go. She led
me out of the valley of death. She knew no evil. The elevator went up the
neck. Children of depressed parents are creative. It emptied into the left
lobe or right lobe. You emptied into one or the other but you didn't empty
into both. In the lobes were messages. You could leave messages for Tiff-
any or messages for me or you could Tiffany messages. To Tiffany a message
was to build an arm. Tiffany's arms rotated slowly carrying vajra and
skull-drums. The skull-drum vibrated the lobes; messages fell out.  She'd
speak something random and something random would appear in your life. To
glide down the side of the hip, thigh, leg, back into church-transformed-
into-Tiffany. 

Inside the church was the never-die-coffin. I would lie there and write
things and things would disappear along black cables. The cables went
everywhere from the never-die-coffin. Sounds got heard in rooms. There
were always new sounds, people would come and say "listen, I never heard
that before." I would write and write in the never-die-coffin. I was known
and nude in Tiffany. When my outer skin touched her inner skin. Sparks
flew. I'd be in the never-die-coffin and I'd done something no one else 
had ever done.

The hole to the north led to the dark forest but the hole to the west in
the forest led to Tiffany; the hole in the floor led to eastern arm, but
north from eastern arm led to the hole; the hole in the western arm led to
the dark forest; the hole to the south in the dark forest led to the west-
ern arm; the first elevator level led to the eastern arm; the second elev-
ator level led to the hole in the floor; the third elevator level led to
the first elevator level; the fourth elevator level led to Tiffany. 

Tiffany spoke the you-know-language which I wrote down in the never-die-
coffin and we were a pen a pencil a stylus a chisel a rock and we were a
pen a typewriter a word processor a computer left lobe right lobe Tiffany. 

Tiffany went into the church which was Tiffany. I turned another loop in
the Borromean knot. One more and the subject was born.


