






love in cyberspace


because it's two in the morning here and two in the afternoon 
 where you are and the plates slide together faultlessly 

because it's cold here iced towards flesh feeling towards electric heat
 and because it's warm there towards summer and naked bodies playing
  matisse in the sunlight by the river by the ocean by pomegranate bay

so that i try to sleep here wires humming all about me 
 and am disturbed by brilliant yellow flashes of blue sun white water
  and matisse bathers calling in distant screech of birds 

and because in this late century there's no reason for this
 i don't dream but shatter on the pillow sheets mattress spawning 
  black and empty air 

these five black layers of protocols bundled up by my black calls to you
 lost in white sun black water
  lost in bather whisper matisse shoulder ocean
   lost in foam destructive of all things frozen

and found in pomegranate milk churned by turning wires
 and found and lost and sleep comes once again
  and once again those brilliant bathers and river house supreme
   and once again your pomegranate milk


Point

                                      
I am tired, strung out, and this has come, always comes to me, just as
meditation on four-dimensional projections has come to me in time of need: 

Meditating on the point, which has no history, no collapse or omega-point,
and therefore beginning O = (x1, x2, x3, ...). Already the point is the 
name of an array; who knows what functions such that f(xn) = xn+1 exist, 
can be found, say through the calculus of finite differences?

Which is not a way to go. Define a neighborhood. Then (Hurewicz' and Wall-
man's Dimension Theory): "A space X has _dimension 0 at a point p_ if _p_
has arbitrarily small neighborhoods with empty boundaries, i.e. if for
each neighborhood U of _p_ there exists a neighborhood V of _p_ such that
V < I, bdry V = 0. A non-empty space X has _dimension_ 0, dim X = 0, if X
has dimension 0 at each of its points." 

This is topologically invariant. This brings in news from afar; on what 
grounds is a null boundary assigned? The point becomes messy, embedded in 
one or another, theological or mathematical text.

It is not a null set, the set whose members are not equal to themselves
(tending towards postmodernity); it is not the empty set with _dimension
-1_. If it has properties, are the properties beside the point? Is it
always embedded? 

Thinking of the point is thinking of its embedding, just as the body is 
embedded in its spaces, cyber or otherwise. Imagine moving in an ideal 
space in which there is a point. Approaching the point, nothing increases 
in size. It is flat. It is nonappearance in fact unless it is a singular 
production which embraces you. It embraces from a distance or nearby. 

But this is pointless. Let's say that the point is death. Let's say that 
it is a terminal. Then it is not a horizon; the sheet that floods, closes 
down, has a point on the other side, that is, after closure/foreclosure.

Which is comforting, dimensionless. That one need no longer possess attri-
butes, arrays, functions, matrices, theologies, mathematics. Not that
there is nothing or not at all. Not that why is there something rather
than nothing. Neither pointed nor pointless. Nor connected, wired.

Wired. I say it is wired. I say it is connectionless.

(Not wired, tired. The point of exhaustion in which being be-comes, fiz-
zles out, detumescent. These words are written far apart in time.  Listen:
"The Sum Theorem for 0-dimensional Sets. [Bear _with me._] _A space which
is the *countable* sum of 0-dimensional *closed* subsets is itself 0-dim-
ensional._" What happens in exhaustion which is pointless, unbecoming
being, the disrobing. I have forgotten the writing. And the disappearing 
ending as well.)


