


On the mud, you can get drunk, get sick, get tired, you can die, you can 
return to life, you can move as a ghost, you can maybe be safe as a 
ghost. On the mud, you can pick up objects and carry them around and drop 
them off. You move through these spaces and you say things, and your 
actions are limited and can be made more or less limited.

This is going somewhere. This is going somewhere like a car is going some-
where on a street in a moo or a talker, it is going nowhere in particular.
It is hypertext, it is the opening or closure of one or another space, and
the major difference is that the moo or mud can scroll at its own rate, 
and things can appear or disappear at their own rates. There can be sud- 
dennesses. And there can be nothing else, because the screen, electronic, 
makes it clear that nothing in fact is _inscribed_ or _gutted,_ that you 
are witnessing pure energy.

The pure energy is that of textual fragments, later picture fragments,
assemblages which are never polished, which are always perfect. It is the
pure energy of the performative, and language here is baring, is all that
is bared, is baring on the performative, on the thing. The language is the
thing. It is the word that is picked up and dropped, the package that is
expressed in a warm and loving embrace. It is a thing and it is a packet
that is moved, forwarded, through email, and at best one is peering into 
this world of the thing of language, which touches deeply and irrevocably 
on the ontology of bytes without substrates, substructures, armatures, 
supports.

What would Quine do with the movement of the word itself? The word as 
flesh, not absorbed in its construction? If I walk down the street of the 
mud, I pick up a jacket. But I pick up "jacket" or what? It is neither 
word nor referent; something transforms my database so that if I type "i" 
for inventory, there is an appearance of "jacket". It is these issues of 
epistemology in cyberspace that create such confusion, the appearance for 
example of virtual ontologies as well.

What would a virtual ontology be? This should be considered another time,
but would it include virtual particles, the decay of the K-meson, the ego,
id, and other components of the freudian metapsychology, Abraham's infin- 
itesimals? I meander through the space, put the jacket on. In the space I 
have redesigned, the jacket has become menses, the bodies naked, covered 
with effluvia, tottering through a ruined landscape. Is this more than a 
transformation of language, which descends into altered exits, entrances, 
descriptions, some programming? Or are there deeper ruptures occurring?

(I apologize to some extent for going on about the mud/moo here, but this
is, for me, a form of _practical philosophy_ to the extent that the alt-
erations provide the forum for experimentation. Virtuality can then be
studied in these frameworks or environments, as well as in other more open
frameworks such as email lists, Usenet, and the like. And at the moment
these are the _fullest environments,_ even above graphic interfaces, for
looking at community, since they produce lived worlds out of nothing what-
soever.)

