





Psychosis


We are gone, gone going, in cyberspace, we are close to psychotic. The 
word for it, borderline, the place, nowhere at all, skittered jags across 
inconceivable, inconceivably packaged territories where we can tell one 
another all of our secrets.

There is nothing you don't know about me. I will tell you everything you 
want to know, and everything you want to hear.

"As regards the _comprehension_ of the concept, psychiatry's definition of
psychosis is still more intuitive than systematic, invoking as it does
characteristics which are so often not of the same order at all. Thus cur-
rent definitions can often be be seen to juxtapose such disparate criteria
as social inadaptability (the problem of hospitalization); the degree of
the 'seriousness' of the symptoms; disturbance of the capacity to communi-
cate; the lack of awareness of the morbid state; loss of contact with rea-
lity; the 'incomprehensibility' (Jaspers' term) of the trouble; its deter-
mination by organogenic or psychogenic factors; the more or less profound,
or more or less irreversible, deterioration of the ego." 

"[In Freud's second theory of the psychical apparatus,] in the case of
psychosis a rupture between ego and reality occurs straight away, leaving
the ego under the sway of the id; then, at a second stage - that of the
onset of delusions - the ego is supposed to reconstruct a new reality in
accordance with the desires of the id." 

(From The Language of Psychoanalysis, Laplanche and Pontalis)


Everyday Objects

The computer I write on faces the wall; there are wooden cabinets above
and behind, with photographic and other equipment in them. There are no
visible windows to my right, and one to my left, on the left wall, opening
up to another building wall about thirty feet away. I use several differ-
ent lights, and vary them, in an attempt to render the screen one object
among many, but it is clear that the screen dominates the room in terms of
my phenomenological horizon. It is both _active_ and _transparent,_ rend-
ering another real within the everyday. The interior glow is unlike any
other physical object present; light-bulbs produce light, but like more
natural sources, are meant to illuminate directly or indirectly, while
_this_ glow is both source and receptor, self-contained. 

While typing, I will drink coffee from a cup placed on a carton below,
partly under the desk. The desk is taken up with the computer, printer,
and a cassette player and graphic equalizer to my left. I will on 
occasion stare at the television set, behind me and to the left, or pace 
the room, looking out the window which opens up to a bleak urban vista. 
My chair is uncomfortable. If I masturbate during net sex, I will walk to 
the bathroom, left reader, and clean myself off, returning again to face 
the monitor.

The telephone is disconnected when I am on-line, so there is no danger of 
interference from friends in the vicinity. The radio may be on, almost 
always to a news station; it helps with the buzz. The bed is to my rear; 
when the buzz gets bad, I'll lie on it, setting my account to 'biff y' 
which automatically informs me of the arrival of new mail.

The Buzz in My Body

The buzz is a combination of stress, both mental (exhaustion, nervousness,
intensity, frustration, energy) and physical (the usual pains in the neck 
and shoulders, some pains in the fingers after long typing), as well as 
sexual arousal, despair, depression, and exhilaration on rare occasions. 
The buzz is compounded by a slight ringing in my ears, the result of an 
infection I can't shake at the moment. It is a state in which everything 
is written large, almost grotesque, like the shape of a road I've driven 
on for twenty hours straight. It's punk, black with gold edges, and it's 
migraine, jagged edges and blue-white flashes. And the buzz is utterly 
utterly dark.

The Tiniest Little Thing

In this state the tiniest little thing will set me off, and I can feel an 
unnatural anger rising over the slightest nuance of email. I can feel 
love just as strongly, intense and permanent love, coloring my sky. I 
feel these from text, from the pure drive of the text, the flooding of 
the text upon the screen which opens its eyes towards me. I am embodied 
within those eyes, within the imaginary gaze of the other which pervades 
me, embellishes me, makes me almost human.

Distance as a Function of Reading

The text is closer to me than almost any other object present, except for 
the keyboard itself. The keyboard writes me into the reading, writes me 
out of it; the keyboard is my skin, my contact with the outer air. The 
air itself is catastrophic, always displaced; computer communication is a 
fuzzy set of displacements, confusions over identity, sexuality, love and 
hate. It is not a question of "who am I" in this space; I know perfectly 
well who I am. Instead, it is a question of the splitting, mirroring of 
this confluence of identities. 

In the world around me, there are no lovers, no intimacies except among 
friends on _occasions._ Occasions are semi-formal arenas; tonight, for 
example, I will see my friend Christine "over" coffee; we have arranged 
this in advance, we will meet at such and such a place. There are topics 
we will discuss, and topics that will remain unspoken. Meeting Christine 
is within the realm of the everyday, the obdurate that we have inherited 
upon birth, the same obdurate analyzed by Piaget among others, with its 
conservation rules and matrix algebras. This is the same obdurate that 
requires me to wipe off after net sex, the same that feeds me coffee when 
I type far into the night.

The introjections and projections throughout the screening are something 
else, however; they are the premise of a different life, a promise. I 
have felt some of my strongest emotions in _this_ realm, which are, at 
the same time, undercut by their irreality. I must type _constantly_ in 
this world in order to, at least in part, fill and fulfill a world which 
also _constantly_ threatens to foreclose on me. If I come, I must type 
that here; if I am laughing, I must indicate that in a number of ways _in 
excess_ of laughing itself. Thus, as I have pointed out elsewhere, the 
ontological domains get confused; communication here is not only speech 
but continuous redescription.

So there is an hysteric displacement of ordinary reactions onto and
through text to the other, offering this displacement ("*grin*") to the
other as a sign of authenticity, at least within gaming. And this requires
extraordinary expenditure of emotion, both _having_ it and _writing_ it
simultaneously. 

All of which leads to the buzz, the body uncoupled from itself, the body 
in flight. And the buzz, with the accompanying intensity of emotion, re- 
sults so quickly in realignments of the social in everyday life as well, 
as if I am ready to give myself up to _your text_ over the very hardness 
of this chair, the view from a window, the wetness on my body. 

And again as I have pointed out elsewhere, the intensity, which comes 
from reading's generation of distance and intimacy, is also related to 
the language, or at least structuration, of the unconscious (see my 
writings on the ascii unconscious, third sex); _your words_ are spoken 
internally _by me_ as I read them at my own pace - they become me, are 
one with my breath, my body. I am carried into your distance, away from 
my own, and am lost in your textual body.

Stress

Stress results among epistemologies, ontologies, responsibilities, all
discordant with one another. And the stress results as well from incip-
ient psychosis, tethered and therefore controlled, but psychosis nonethe-
less. I find myself hurtling almost suicidally if I am on-line too long - 
hurtling, not like a vector-towards, but like a crystallized flooding- 
among, an expansion that simultaneously mirrors and breaks the mirror 
apart. The shattering comes from the _solitary_ cup of coffee, _solitary_ 
wetness on my body which turns into nuisance, _solitary_ pacing in the 
dark corners of the loft looking out into landscapes of decay, looking 
back at my own body, trying to rend it into _something else,_ anything, 
that would rid it of its weight. 

It is a bad state and it is a common state, and it is the state of a 
future which is close upon us. How long can we continue to read others, 
to read ourselves, in prescribed fashion within bandwidths that fore- 
close almost all of our senses? Even full-bandwidth audio and video do 
nothing but exacerbate this psychosis, which can lose its tether of 
course, become substitution.

Perfect Substitution

Perfect substitution will come about when cyberspace finally forecloses, 
finally seals the body off, within it. At that point, there will be no 
difference, no differance, and psychosis (as in the ultimate trajectory 
of Chislenko's intelligent filters) will be indiscernible; it will be a 
state of pure interiority. Until that point, the tiniest little thing, 
again, serves as a reminder of the obdurate, of the almost suicidal edge 
some of us are riding here, the imaginary (not the symbolic) skittering 
across unknown contours, the cup of coffee or dissolute body only two 
objects among an accessibly high finite number of them.

Doctor

Someday the doctor will come. Someday the doctor will come and will peer 
up at me peer down at me. Someday the doctor will come and she will take 
notes or she will not take notes and she will have apparatus or she will 
not have apparatus.

And I will look at the doctor and say "who."


