


Turf


On PMC2 I have been proposing a MOO model based on gangs, turf, and 
mobile populations, rather than land/hierarchy. The turf, home turf, is a 
place which may be abandoned, may be approached; it's not definitive, not 
a totality. The populations survive, on-MOO or off-MOO; they are users, 
whose homes are temporary, not builders, inhabiting. They come together 
to talk, discuss, make things, convocation.

The turf is dirty, problematic; the MOOs have loose ends, are never as 
strictly regulated as they appear. It's possible to have well-defined 
logics in the small; thus @show <x> will give a great deal of informa- 
tion, but there are always half-abandoned projects, names, deeper levels, 
artifacts, around, to augment the central core which may or may not be 
controlled. 

The model stresses the role of the gang-leaders who are the staff, the
wizards, and whose power is largely that of negation, _not_ to do this,
not to exceed that, issues of bandwidth, some issues of belonging. So the
model also ties into postmodern issues of the decline of the nation-state,
of mirco-territories, of gang signings as well, contested territories.

Within the MOO, the contestation is limited, but the MOO is never a nece- 
ssary home, and that makes all the difference: if you don't like it here, 
take your objects elsewhere. And all the time, remember your objects are 
texts, and can be downloaded by you. You are not a pioneer so much as 
someone temporarily residing in a worn-out neighborhood, using bricolage 
to construct equally temporary shelter.

The gang-leaders don't always get along, either, and among them the only 
absolute power is that of pulling the plug. They know the resources are 
limited; they get tired as well.

What everyone does on the MOO is _wryting._ I use _wryting_ to refer to 
that act of inscription that appears to construct, through those proble- 
matic ontologies I have written about. Everyone wrytes one's way into and 
out of these spaces; wryting always defines the margins, because within 
the MOO, _everywhere is equally a margin,_ that is the nature of wryting 
as opposed to land or territory in real life.

The _internal topology_ defined by entrances and exits, etc. may appear 
closed, by the wryting is both internal and external, and the latter is 
just as likely to be, is always, marginal. This, no matter how the 
directory structure is organized; one is _always wryting on the surface 
of the MOO._

Wryting is always a form of gang signing as well, redefining the space as
mine-in-relation-to the MOO, the gang-leaders, the leaky environment. For
the MOO is always leaky; one is never there _all the time,_ but one floats
in and out of this generalized expandable landscape.

The usual model of the MOO, it seems to me, and this would apply to almost
all of these applications, is that of the city-state or community. But
this model is that of rummaging, moving from one space to another; very
few of us remain on a MOO permanently, no one twenty-four hours a day,
every day. We come, wryte (whether text or program-text), leave. We are
not even so much consumers as reorienting of the margins, the conscious-
ness we bring there. These are important distinctions...

Alan

