



(in the mountains 1)



The Sign


I traveled and was in another state with two women, whose brothers had
committed suicide. One of them died by hanging from a playground jungle
gym in the middle of the night, and there were other deaths in the 
region, of young men, by various means, most of them violent. We walked
across the playground in the night, the playground which had been 
vandalized by schoolmates soon after the suicide. There were still, 
this anniversary time afterwords, remnants of necessary informal cere-
mony, trajectories of names upon the basketball and tennis courts, small
tokens against the jungle gym itself, everything in this realm of 
child dreaming remaining unused, worn with the death of the brother.

We walked across the space of stars across the courts to the gym and
back. The playground set huddled against the night, frozen with grief.
The night was dense with the fear of ice and muffled torment.

I knew neither of the brothers, and mourned most of all the death of
the _ludic_ in this space, space of violated childhood dreaming which
could only carry the signs of American desperation, American rage. All
over America, these signs ring out, but the appearance _here,_ of this
violation fabric, brought only absence at the end of the clearing, down
upon us.

He had seen The Crow, and talked about returning as a crow to help 
others; he was obsessed by the film. There had been warning signs. He
would return himself, to help others, in the form of a bird, the truth
of his death. And a year after he died, a dead bird, black with yellow
spots, was found in his bedroom, upon the edge of the bed where I now
type this, a year after he died. The bedroom remains untouched. And what
are the chances of this, the appearance of the death of the bird in any
house, anywhere, but in _his_ room in _his_ house, the appearance of
thwarted resurrection? If the signifier _occurs,_ this is its symptom.

I can't write about such without a betrayal of sanctity, intruding on
spaces where I don't belong. The bird, the unsettling effect of the
playground... What is spoken in these instances is always withdrawn at
one and the same time... As if breath contributed to their existence,
breath and the vacuum of annihilation, the last and final expulsion 
from the body.

My nails grow hair grows, my skin sloughs, I liquefy, desiccate, in this
state I imagine I will always be _found._

What brought the bird into the room is beyond me as those other extraord-
inary and rare experiences I have had, thin and drawn out, almost to the
point of non-existence. Northern Exposure, the television series, comes
closest to this sense of perturbance; if there is something else, it is a
disturbance, not the clustering around archaic deity, synchronicity,
magic, or archetype. Disturbance is not a loading, compression, but the
whisper of release... 

This is one such disturbance, both deaths, nine months apart, were others.


