

impurity


inviolate storm
inveterate  /
imperative /

it was somewhere among these: the text that was to come - this is on the
edge of it - it's on the tip of my tongue - it never arrived - it's out
there -

calling forth the text - it should have appeared, "put in an appearance" -
i remember it was particularly short - terse - aphoristic -

there was a sentence or two - located among those words - something i
simply "can't remember" - i'm leaving you this - leaving the remnant -
leaving it behind (never mind that i won't forget it - that it will remain
with me - that it might yet "put in that appearance")

everything is full of doubt but something/someone is required for its
expression -

inconceivable ?
indefinite ?
insipid short work - doesn't gnaw in the slightest ? (thought of this in
fact, something so bland as to be nonexistent)
invisible ?

it was there, bland, insipid, something to fill a space, almost present -
no, fully present, too sweet, stomach slightly queasy, easy "on the way
down"

it should have been more - should have said something you'd remember -
should have been up to "the usual standards" -

those "in-" "im-" insertions -

impeccable ?
innocuous ?
impurity ?


_


Poetics in Internet Text

grep poetics *?? > z; grep Poetics *?? >> z; ftp panix3.panix.com; sed
's/^...//g' z > zz; h >> zz; pico zz

crossing of words, language and its poetics, is an undertow, vectoried 
Like John Giorno with his doubled-up pasty columns of reiterated poetics,
tions, states, processes, places, flows, and not all the poetics in the
The elaborate metaphor I'm working with is more than poetics. It's unfair
tain poetics at work that it's too easy to relate to haiku, mystery -
I don't comprehend haiku; I do comprehend zen poetics. I don't comprehend
think of incomprehensible audiences; think of the poetics of speech
of the poetics of technology and the bypass of the circulatory systems of
shrapnel beyond experimental poetics.
in the world, that a call of twentieth-century poetics has been towards
I've also been thinking through definitions of "poetics," not in the trad-
What follows is an attempt at definition of a different poetics - which I
"I think of poetics as looking at relationships among forms, phenomenolo-
This is a far cry from the politics of poetics, from the poetics of liter-
of poetics, how does number play the world? How does the speaking of num-
logics? And one might also ask, within poetics, about the relation of mu-
it is not the renaissance emblem or shaped poetics or signature. Instead, 
escape-flight to poetics writing; on one hand, the interstice between
#poetics
*** nikuko ([uPhvu9XkS@panix3.panix.com) has joined channel #poetics
*** Users on #poetics: nikuko @DrFloyd
*** #poetics 984337197
* nikuko as turning out such debris 12:06AM #poetics (+nt)
[0-0:GScNxAlFMPhR] 12:08AM nikuko (+is) #poetics (+nt)     Lag 5 - E/X
windows ce, poetics journal 10, the quest for sumer, world atlas 
:osophy. Communication here exists within post-structural poetics; what
:wild interpretation, and a poetics of the body that is at variance
:particularly based on a montage/poetics style largely dominated by
:with its exhausted poetics, becomes a last resort, the conjunction
:ing. I get suspicious of poetics which always seems to invoke Charles or 
:_formal_ definition of truth, and on the other, there is a poetics of
:Clark was on about arrangement, syzygy, Olson's field poetics, distribu- 
:net, just like poetics of a sort - a tablature or sonnet, and a field or
:poetics, theory of all sorts, narratives as well - so that it becomes, 
Pardon me for interrupting, but are you the Alan Sondheim on the Poetics
I wrote of broken symmetry, in the midst of a discussion
Jennifer - hh Jennifer Poetics - jl Jennifer Texts - ee Jennifer Texts -
Poetics. Rarely, texts are sent to other lists as well, including nettime
Poetics (End of Saying Texts)
dreams are made of; there was much discussion of the Poetics list, and
Yours, Poetics
In fumbling about the Poetics list, making a decision not to send my wri-
the world is in the world. The Poetics list rarely considers hypertext or
sic to the body, to speech, to the history of being-human. Poetics in this
the Voice, Giorgio Agamben, The End of the Poem, Studies in Poetics.)
:Poetics - jy
:This is from Clark Coolidge speaking in Talking Poetics from Naropa Ins- 


:::::


hunters from another *


it was * ot summer afternoon * hbeautiful * and my i were lying * wife and
g in bed * were lyine were * and wking out * loof the window, there were *
oers just outside * clean, they were looking * at us, and we thought *
inthought to ourselves, * we were * we d and so aroused * naketed to be *
we wand, we were * arouseroused and always * always ath each other, we
were looking * naked wind they were looking * out a as if they were *
inking through * looking through the wall, * looand we cried * cried out,
STOP US * weM MAKING CATEGORIZATIONS * FROUS TO THE TRUTH OF YOUR * HOLD
ENSE PERCEPTION * INTT US OPEN * SPLITH YOUR THINKING THOUGHTS * my
beautiful wife * ilooking at their * and d stares * harook at their *
lbling hands * tremlegs * and and we thought and cried out to them * N US
UP TO EVERYTHING YOU ARE THINKING * OPEMPALE US ON YOUR RIGID *
IESIGNATIONS * Dand we turned over * again and looked * and over k at
them, * bacbeautiful wife and i * my lways naked in that * were aght
bright window and we * briooked again, they were * ly hunters, soul *
bodnters from another * huse, from another trembling * univer like our
own, * placefferent, they were * but dirn with clothing, * bobegged them *
we * lookk * loook * lo, they were * hunting in another * sperm- universe,
we begged them * parallelke us with you * ta didn't hear * theybeyond the
glass, it was * trial, my beautiful wife * itg was ad i, we were * an
whores, we were * theiropenings * their them home * to get, we cried out
TAKE OUR LANGUAGE * , WE CAN * WITH YOULONGER * NO K, OUR BODIES *
THINTING, OUR MINDS * ARE BURS AND EMBERS * ARE HOLES * they turned * ay
they turned * awus, they twisted * towards ned, they brought us * and tur
of us * outthem, ALL * into EGORIZATIONS * CATWERE LOST * HAT PLACE * IN
TON THAT BED * WITH THOSE * OOKING * EYES L LOOOK LOOKING * LOOK HARD AT
US * SOSO DEEP INTO US * we are coming * you, coming * for ll for you * as
we, we are * king those * masounds, that cry * hhhhhh * ahe heard * you
havturn away * when you when you leave your beautiful wife * ne in your
dreams * aloove towards us * and mr forgetting us * neveever forgetting *
nything anything * anall * at SO SO DEEP INTO * O SO VERY DEEP * US
Snderstand this * you u my beautiful * withand i that * wife afternoon *
hot t hot bed * on thathose eyes * with us * bringing inging us on * brand
down * and down * THEY WERE THOUGHT-CAPTURERS * ANOTHER GALAXY * FROM EY
WERE SPERM- * THS FROM ANOTHER UNIVERSE * HUNTERthey heated * air from *
the s one * thied it * they heatt one * from thathey camne * e into * they
camn came into * theyinto us * us hhhhhhh * ah aaaaaaahhhhh * ah
hahhhhhhhh * ah * just like * just like that * that *


 *


the little prayer

deerlorder wherethous maybe
toyouwhom iask pleaseonthis longjourney idotake
willyoulet all myfriends tocomealong 
willyouall behere (address to myfriends) when
idotravel when idodrive downdowntil 
nomorecan igo when atsouther theniwill
deerlorder antler gracethou skyward & bethere
foryou & serveyoualway whenyou youreturn


+++



Susan Graham at Height of Western Fame *


Great Judge of Stampede Princess Queen: American President. 
        He will sit in front bleacher. Do not bother him.
 
Grand Marshall of Stampede: Susan Graham
        Fireworks at Dusk

Personality Section 60% 

 - personality - middle in class          kill all susan graham
 - overall appearance - class middle      kill all susan graham
 - overall ability - middle in class      kill all susan graham
 - desirability - top of class            kill all susan graham
 - attitude - overall top in class        kill all susan graham
 - public speaking - noted top in class   kill all susan graham
 - congeniality - middle                  kill all susan graham

Horsemanship Section 40% 

kill all horses                             - western - top in class 
kill all horses                             - trail class - top in class
kill all horses                             - western equitation - middle
kill all horses                             - stock pushing - top in class
kill all horses                             - staves - top in class
kill all horses                             - barrels - low in class
kill all horses                             - serpentine - top in class
kill all horses                             - rodeo exam - middle

                    Stampede Queen 2001     kill all hangman males
                       Susan Graham         kill all hangman males

Stampede Princess 2001     kill all hangman males
     Susan Graham          kill all hangman males

Susan has won twice for first time in history of competition.


* From actual events at July End 2001.

_


weaving


oh going through x-treme hysteria
it's the result of

packing up 
 a game the bones play w/ me

 how it goes: i take drugs as much as possible
 to get through the violence of this move

  (to miami but it could be anywhere)


   then i turn to a few things of accompaniment, azure for one,
   then there are the machines (in miami but they could be anywhere)


   they're more than familiar, they're family
   they don't fight with me and don't make me feel guilty
   they remember everything
   they carry everything and they're willing to share it


   they allow me to read and see and hear anything i want, anything they
   have, they're generous that way

   they're gentle, too, placing their memories on disk after disk,
   carrying themselves on long past the endurance of the hardware, of
   machine part adjacent to machine part, electronic conduit adjacent to
   sluice gate, irrigation channels of programs and files


   they remember me, they always greet me in a loving and similar fashion,
   they turn themselves through protocols and articulations no matter
   where they are on this fine earth

   miami is an enemy and harsh and already i a mistrustful
   but the machines will save me, the machines will show me everything i
   have done, everything they have accomplished, all our potentials
   together

   the machines are communities and communalities, they're gentle with me,
   they know what i am capable of, certainly they know my limitations 

      they are always waiting, they are never sleeping, they are
      potentials of pure presence, presencing itself

      they are existence, existencing 

      they will fight off the suicidal depressions of miami, they will
      give me momentary respite, they will allow me to share this with
      you, to share everything with you

      they know me better than anyone except azure, they even like me

      they like me better than anyone in miami, who remain foreign and
      unknown to me, i must always be on my guard in miami, i must never
      let myself go

      but with the machines, with the machines, everything is possible

      with the machines, with my beautiful wife and the machines, i will
      perhaps survive, although slightly

      although in possible fury and depression
      although in possible anger and despair


	  i an being allowed to write this, i have checked this with the
	  laptop and the notebook and azure, i have checked this as well
	  with the desktop, all are in agreement


	  &&&



Look: it was this way (no matter how it reads):


At one point, Susan Graham, my beautiful wife, and myself, were under the
care * can; it was a decision we had reached after pouring through his
theoretical * of Lan order to come to grips with our own psychoses. For
Susan had * works iesire, greater than any other, to in fact succumb to
the temptation * a diversal sight of the other, without whom she had no
possibility of existence - and I, * of the unned her in this endeavor,
involving the presence of the camera, if not the mirror, window, or public
venue, for our * I joiing. Lacan too was entranced+ by our displays; it
was after Susan that the Subject itself achieved the possibility of a name
* lovebove or below the bar, a name that would live constantly, only in
relation to mathesis of the most metaphoric sort. In this manner * working
constantly on the presence of the third, the therapeutic; in this manner,
our desire for exhibition * we entered the world of idealityensured in a
new and unknown form. Later, our holes would stand in, metonymically, for
those gaps in * was other that construed our own consciousness; for now,
they provided the last source * thof pleasure for the doctor and his
entourage. Our voyage ended in this manner; Lacan owned our holes,++ and
with them, * p+++ semblance of the other in his midst. *

+captivated? aroused? obsessed?
++the gap in the text, in the manner of foreclosing the speech of the 
analysand
+++pleasure, any other


_


zoo, minima moralia


zoo functioning as an inverse concentration camp - the animals are ideally
reproduced in their conservation ur-environments; they ideally reproduce
in such environments; they are protected against the external violence of
humans. but they are displayed, not in terms of relation, for the audience
we watched and rewatched, but as individual isolates, spectacles; all con-
nections were permanently broken, and the violence - especially of the
children - was evident, as if it repeatedly struck the incarcerated
bodies. the earth sends minor populations into condensation; we harvest
and transfigure our destruction of habitat. but the obscene remains and
intensifies - the violence carries no message but that of momentary stasis
as animals cower as far from glass or mesh as possible - or else pose
obsequiously in the hope of junk food engorgement.

in the camp which is the zoo we watch our triumph over the demise of the
planet; we watch the idiocy of our triumph; we watch the spectacle of
destroyed cultures of any species not our own. in the camp which is the
zoo we attempt the resurrection of the end of life; one can watch with
horror at the gaping human mouths and screams staring at the last few
members of one or another species; in the camp which is the zoo, we find
the technological triumphant over each and every last bit of tortured
flesh on earth. everything is identified, tagged, labeled; the spectators
would like, as one said, nothing better than a taste of flesh killed as
fast as possible, offered up for a last hideous meal.

coda

to reproduce until a plateau of stability is realized, but for what end;  
the human monsters want nothing more than their share of the game. lock
the zoos; keep out of national parks and forests; return wildlife refuges
to whatever environment is left. the zoo might flourish without that
gaping audience; some sort of semblance of life might finally be returned
to one or another abandoned spot of earth. better yet - to cleanse the
world of humans who created this disaster in the first place, transforming
the planet into one great concentration camp of final and irrevocable
extinction.


+++



unix, the fortune, the truth, despair, longing, noise:


To      : Postmaster@mail1.twcny.rr.com
Cc      :
Attchmnt: 1. [Message] (1.7KB) ""
Subject : Mail System Error - Returned Mail (fwd)
----- Message Text -----
Getting a huge number of viruses from the address here - please check -
it's really spewing out. Address:  saloi001@twcny.rr.com
Alan Sondheim, sondheim@panix.com
           [Closing "sent-mail". Keeping 0 messages and removing 6.]
Pine finished -- Closed folder "INBOX". Kept all 2 messages.
And as we stand on the edge of darkness
Let our chant fill the void
That others may know

        In the land of the night
        The ship of the sun
        Is drawn by
        The grateful dead.

                -- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC. Fri Aug 3
00:33:07 EDT 2001 The Moon is Waxing Gibbous (99% of Full) k1% b You have
no new mail. 1 b 2 b 3 pico zz Fri Aug 3 00:25:20 EDT 2001 Fri Aug 3
00:34:56 EDT 2001
it's really spewing out.
Date: Fri, 3 Aug 2001 00:26:03 -0400
To: sondheim@panix.com
because their mailbox size limit would have been exceeded. It has
been returned and it is recommended that you contact the recipient
Note: The Postmaster for this mail server may increase the mailbox
of additional mail.


-


Dante's Inferno short, bitter

a book to take with me in that dark wood
appearance once during april's rainy wound
as if it mattered to reinforce the mood

of lucan's bleak ascent to lead the way
down through the trodden paths of zen to find
other means of circles, bridges, mind

beyond the good wound in the moody wood
beyond the found way left behind


-


holding


in perfect humility walk in the way of the lord, you are nothing, your
soul needs salvation, there is no salvation, you sin constantly, you must
forget sinning, you must forget wealth, accept poverty

you will suffer and your suffering will be good, you can be absolved in
the last moments, you will bring other beings to fruition, you will enter
heavens and more heavens, your cycles will be complete, you will be uni-
ted, you will recognize the absurdity of existence, you will be exalted

give up the ways of the world, sexuality is a curse, women are a curse,
you will be constantly deceived, you must constantly meditate, be silent,
tend towards salvation in everything you do, be kind to all animals, take
up not the sword nor the spear, you must fly with the arrow, not the bow,
your flesh is sinful

listen until there is no listening, speak until there is no speech, seek a
master, give yourself totally to him, the learnings cannot be achieved
without him, impart nothing, say nothing, remain with him, serve him to-
tally, turn your face towards the wall, remember the sufferings of others

follow the precepts of thy neighbor, leave the red dust of the world,
unite with the lord in all his manifestations, seek holiness through plea-
sure, seeking the holy drives the holy away, listen to the parables and
precepts, obey the precepts, do not question them, speak only when spoken
to, eat in silence with the others, think proper thoughts with your body
turned to the wall

follow regular hours, seek the lord in everything you do, give yourself up
to the way, follow the way with drunkenness and laughter, let pine nuts be
thy only food, have compassion for all living things, seek without seeking
and find without finding, know the truth when thou hast left it behind,
find the truth in everything you do

know that where you are is where you have always been and where you will
always be, do not steal or be jealous of others in the brotherhood, seek
no office, follow all rites of purification, clean the mirror with thy
breath, recognize there is no mirror, no breath, clean the mirror with thy
breath, lie on beds of straw, walk with shoes of straw, follow in the
footsteps of the master

be patient beyond patience, be obedient beyond obedience, give thy last
farthing and thou shalt be rewarded in the reaches of heaven, expect noth-
ing in return, recognize thou wilt return to the dust from which thou hast
come, know the world is full of pain and misery, do not contribute to that
misery, pray for the salvation of all beings, recognize the spirit in
everything you do and in all ways and being of the world

look for the wise in everything you do, abjure the ways of the vain and
the foolish, find a likely spot for meditation, avoid gambling and consor-
ting with women, remain on the path without any expectation, see the good
in everyone and everything, recognize the vanity of this world which is
only an illusion, seek the future in the past, honor thy parents from
which thou came, recognize the reality of all things and their denial

know that negation is nought, that assertion is nought, that companion-
ship is nought, seek only that which may be found within thyself, look
into the shell of the skull, the annihilation of the body, find ecstasy in
everything you do, tame the passion within you, purify thy hands and face
after eating and bathing, hold no false associations, always look beyond,
recognize what is beyond is always present, know that all is present
already within you, look before you, pray constantly, meditate at all 
times

watch where you walk, walk in the ways of the master, walk in the ways of
holiness, never sleep on a bad conscience, look always towards paradise,
expect nothing and gain everything, expect everything and gain nothing,
guard thyself against vanity, recognize that sexual passion is the culprit
of the age, perceive that nothing has meaning, that everything is 
no-thing, that no-thing is everything and nothing, attend to thy breathing 
out and breathing in

deceive no one, see movement in stasis, stasis in movement, know the smal-
lest is also the largest, hold the universe in thy hand, recognize there
is no size, no universe, recognize the dual and the one, hold the one in
the other, and the other in the one, know that from the one, two emerge,
from the two, emerge all others, recognize the others within you, recog-
nize you within all others, hold penance for the ways of the world, make 
thyself like iron or steel for the good of all beings

take the middle way, take the way of one extreme to the other, seek the
pivot within, hold to the central point, seek yourself through yourself,
remain calm in paradox, eat only prescribed foods, live in the purity of
proper nourishment, understand the transparency of birth and death, always
prepare for death, never prepare for death, live in thy tomb and thy
grave, know that wandering is also an attachment, speak only when spoken
to, write only when requested, become a scribe for the world, recognize
thou art a world for a scribe, look nowhere else, look nowhere, seek thy-
self in women, seek thyself in men, comprehend perfect unity, understand
unity is illusion, men and women are illusion, scripture is illusion,
attachment and silence are illusion

neither fear death nor love life


_


man fold

15      man fold
16      fold -s -w 64 < zz > ww; pico ww is a curse, women are a curse,
17      hbe constantly deceived, you must constantly meditate, be silent,
18      fold -s -w 72 < zz > ww; pico ww do, be kind to all animals, take
19      nl ww > yyor the spear, you must fly with the arrow, not the bow,
20      rm ww; pico yy
21      sed 's/^    //g' yy > ww
22      pico wwere is no listening, speak until there is no speech, seek a
23      rm yy wwrself totally to him, the learnings cannot be achieved
24      pico zzpart nothing, say nothing, remain with him, serve him to-
25      new zz; cat ma zz > ding; mv ding ma; rm zz; mufferings of others
26      b
27      ls precepts of thy neighbor, leave the red dust of the world,
28      rm zz.bakrd in all his manifestations, seek holiness through plea-
29      less mahe holy drives the holy away, listen to the parables and
30      b obey the precepts, do not question them, speak only when spoken
k32% ht in silence with the others, think proper thoughts with your body
16      fold -s -w 64 < zz > ww; pico ww
17      h
18      fold -s -w 72 < zz > ww; pico wwverything you do, give yourself up
19      nl ww > yy the way with drunkenness and laughter, let pine nuts be
20      rm ww; pico yympassion for all living things, seek without seeking
21      sed 's/^    //g' yy > ww


+


think strongly alan, be strong, forget(all voices in thinehead)
everything, hold no grudges, walk the true and straight path,listen to no
one, do not listen to any inner voice, ignore all things, forget(all
voices in thinehead) everything you have thought about, work the writing
you have always worked, be true to the straight and narrow, listen to the
descent of the words, type this in utter darkness, type this in the dark
night of the soul, worry not about theory or abstraction, think nothing of
protocol and etiquette, worry not abot spellings and misspellings,
consider nothing from friend or enemy, be not suspiciouis or accepting,
never look back, never look forward, never look outward, never look
inward, do not look and allshall be open, do not look and allshall be
closed, hoold fast, hold faster thanthou hast ever held before, do not
listen to the voicesin thine head, to not concern thyself (voices in thine
head) with the affect and fate of others, remember the vector of the
street and trail, remember nothing, remember everything, do not organize
what cannot be but of the world, take the world into thine heart, put
thyself (voices in thine head) forward into the guise and company of
others, forget(all voices in thinehead) thy name and allthy numbers of
identification, lose thyself (voices in thine head) not in others, gain
nothing, lose noting, take what one can from the prsence, forget(all
voices in thinehead)the prsence, hearnothing, forget(all voices in
thinehead) thesewords, do nothing, turninward, turn nowhere, circle around
no center, look for no center and no noose, take nonewith you and leave
none behind, look towardsthe sky and the earth, close the arth and sky
like enormous plates upon the tender fabric ofthine soul, be strongerthan
thou hast eve been, do not worry of little understanding, do not concern
thyself (voices in thine head) of no compreehensins forget(all voices in
thinehead) allunderstandings which are not understandings, forget(all
voices in thinehead) all comprehensions which are not comprhenesions,
remember thine limits, forget(all voices in thinehead) thine limits and
inhabit them, remember to be the strongest thou hast ever been, meander
never nowhere and in no guise, remember of li


_


Txt: quipmnt list for miami mov, organizd according to
oulipo: absnc of th lttr "" - a brilliant stratgic styl
or modl for carful study:

rsourcs:
 500 books
 50 cds
 300 cdroms
  inc. my own work: vido, audio, txt, graphics, onlin works
instrumnts:
 artly piccolo
 di giorgio classical guitar, 1949
 cortly classical guitar, 1970s
 shakuhachi, fukuoka, 1940
 shamisn, fukuoka
 fndr cyclon lctric guitar
  marshall amp, fx box
vido camras:
 sony hi8 v5000
  filtrs including fog, infrard
 sony tr81 hi8
 canon zr10 minidv
digital camras:
 casio q10a
 nikon 800
film camras:
 minox b
  tripod, binocular attachmnt
 nikon f
  assortd flashs, lnss, filtrs
computrs:
 phnom pockt computr (win-c 2.1)
 psion 3a pda
 dll 3800 laptop st for prformanc, graphics (win m)
 mac powrbook g3 st for vido, graphics, burning (mac 9.1)
   300 mg ram 6 gig harddriv
 compaq 5204 330 mhz dsktop st for vido, graphics, burning 
    (win98, phatlinux)
   240 mg ram 20 gig harddriv
   blkin analog to vido 
  sony 200s multiscan monitor
  canon bjc2110 printr
  zipdriv
  spakrs, cabls
audio:
 sony minidisk rcordr
 2 sony profssional casstt rcordrs
 assortd microphons, arphons, cabls
burnrs:
 qufir cdrom burnr for mac
 hp 8210 cdrom burnr for pc
radio:
 national procd 2800 analog shortwav
 sony 2010 digital shortwav
 g suprradio long distanc am radio
  antnnas for th abov
calculators tc.:
 ti59 oldr lctronic calculator
 casio japans-nglish translator
 hp scintific calculator
 japans abacus
cllphon tp2200 qualcomm for sprint pcs
bushnll 10x binoculars

possibl:

axil 245 unix station (solaris 7)
 kyboard, cabls, optical mous
jvc hr-vp676u vido casstt rcordr
spncr optical microscop with oil immrsion objctiv
 slids, tc.

to b purchasd:

mpror pnguin linux (rdhat) laptop
vido monitor
dsktop workstation for vido


_


Reseteoereaeteieoene eoefe eleoesete e"e"ese:e

Texete:e eqeueiepemenete eleiesete efeoere emeieaemeie emeoeve,e
eoeregeaeneiezede eaececeoeredeienege eteoe oeueleiepeoe:e eaebesenece
eoefe etehe eletetere e"e"e e-e eae ebereieleleieaenete esetereaetegeiece
eseteyele oere emeoedele efeoere eceaerefeuele eseteuedeye:e

reseoeuerecese:e
 e5e0e0e ebeoeoekese
 e5e0e ecedese
 e3e0e0e ecedereoemese
 e eienece.e emeye eoewene eweoereke:e eveiedeoe,e eaeuedeieoe,e etexete,e
 egereaepeheiecese,e eoeneleiene eweoerekese ienesetereuemenetese:e
 eaereteleye epeiececeoeleoe
 edeie egeieoeregeieoe eceleaeseseieceaele egeueieteaere,e e1e9e4e9e
 eceoereteleye eceleaeseseieceaele egeueieteaere,e e1e9e7e0ese
 eseheaekeueheaeceheie,e efeuekeueoekeae,e e1e9e4e0e
 eseheaemeiesene,e efeuekeueoekeae
 efenedere eceyeceleoene elecetereiece egeueieteaere
 e emeaereseheaelele eaemepe,e efexe ebeoexe
veiedeoe eceaemereaese:e
 eseoeneye eheie8e eve5e0e0e0e
 e efeieleterese eieneceleuedeienege efeoege,e eienefereaerede
 eseoeneye etere8e1e eheie8e
 eceaeneoene ezere1e0e emeieneiedeve
deiegeieteaele eceaemereaese:e
 eceaeseieoe eqe1e0eae
 eneiekeoene e8e0e0e
feieleme eceaemereaese:e
 emeieneoexe ebe
 e etereiepeoede,e ebeieneoeceueleaere eaeteteaecehemenete
 eneiekeoene efe
 e eaeseseoeretede efeleaesehese,e elenesese,e efeieleterese
ceoemepeueterese:e
 epeheneoeme epeoecekete eceoemepeuetere e(eweiene-ece e2e.e1e)e
 epeseieoene e3eae epedeae
 edelele e3e8e0e0e eleaepeteoepe esete efeoere eperefeoeremeaenece,e
  egereaepeheiecese e(eweiene eme)e
 emeaece epeoewerebeoeoeke ege3e esete efeoere eveiedeoe,e
  egereaepeheiecese,e ebeuereneienege e(emeaece e9e.e1e)e
 e e e3e0e0e emege ereaeme e6e egeiege eheaerededereieve
 eceoemepeaeqe e5e2e0e4e e3e3e0e emeheze edeseketeoepe esete efeoere
  eveiedeoe,e egereaepeheiecese,e ebeuereneienege e
 e e e e(eweiene9e8e,e epeheaeteleieneuexe)e
 e e e2e4e0e emege ereaeme e2e0e egeiege eheaerededereieve
 e e ebelekeiene eaeneaeleoege eteoe eveiedeoe e
 e eseoeneye e2e0e0ese emeueleteieseceaene emeoeneieteoere
 e eceaeneoene ebejece2e1e1e0e epereienetere
 e ezeiepedereieve
 e esepeaekerese,e eceaebelese
aeuedeieoe:e
 eseoeneye emeieneiedeieseke ereceoeredere
 e2e eseoeneye epereoefeseseieoeneaele eceaesesetete ereceoerederese
 eaeseseoeretede emeiecereoepeheoenese,e eaerepeheoenese,e eceaebelese
beuerenerese:e
 eqeuefeiere ecedereoeme ebeuerenere efeoere emeaece
 ehepe e8e2e1e0e ecedereoeme ebeuerenere efeoere epece
reaedeieoe:e
 eneaeteieoeneaele epereoecede e2e8e0e0e eaeneaeleoege eseheoereteweaeve
 eseoeneye e2e0e1e0e edeiegeieteaele eseheoereteweaeve
 ege eseueperereaedeieoe eleoenege edeieseteaenece eaeme ereaedeieoe
 e eaeneteneneaese efeoere etehe eaebeoeve
ceaeleceueleaeteoerese etece.e:e
 eteie5e9e eoeledere elecetereoeneiece eceaeleceueleaeteoere
 eceaeseieoe ejeaepeaenese-enegeleiesehe etereaeneseleaeteoere
 ehepe eseceieneteiefeiece eceaeleceueleaeteoere
 ejeaepeaenese eaebeaeceuese
celelepeheoene etepe2e2e0e0e eqeueaeleceoememe efeoere esepereienete epecese
beuesehenelele e1e0exe ebeieneoeceueleaerese

peoeseseiebele:e

aexeiele e2e4e5e eueneiexe eseteaeteieoene e(eseoeleaereiese e7e)e
 ekeyebeoeaerede,e eceaebelese,e eoepeteieceaele emeoeuese jevece
ehere-evepe6e7e6eue eveiedeoe eceaesesetete ereceoeredere sepenecere
eoepeteieceaele emeiecereoeseceoepe eweietehe eoeiele eiememereseieoene
 eoebejeceteieve
 eseleiedese,e etece.e

teoe ebe epeuereceheaesede:e

mepereoere epenegeueiene eleieneuexe e(eredeheaete)e eleaepeteoepe
veiedeoe emeoeneieteoere
deseketeoepe eweoerekeseteaeteieoene efeoere eveiedeoe


_e


Funny Jokes


Alan  Sondheim>> ok here's a stupid joke. what did one pickle
     say to the other when they were in danger?
Alan  Sondheim>> you've got me in a pickle.
Alan  Sondheim>> ok, here's a stupid joke. what did one spark
     say to the other spark?
Alan  Sondheim>> that was electrifying.
Alan  Sondheim>> ok here's a stupid joke. what did one pencil
     say to the other pencil after they committed a heinous crime?
Alan  Sondheim>> you've got me in the pen.
Alan  Sondheim>> ok, here's a stupid joke. what did one window
     say to the other after an explanation of deconstruction?
Alan  Sondheim>> i bet you think that was really clear.
Alan  Sondheim>> ok, here's a stupid joke. what did one plate say
     to the other after being picked up for espionage?
Alan  Sondheim>> hold me before i spill the beans.
Alan  Sondheim>> ok, here's a stupid joke. what did one cup say
     to the other after a bunch of stupid jokes?
Alan  Sondheim>> hold me before i spill another bunch of stupid
     jokes.


_


:shd leving


:shd be wondering about the structures of the future, in spite of teleolo-
gies and projections of one or another lowly creature, pulling everything
together instead of watching the weather, trying to hold to the greater or
larger work, finding insted turned back or jerked into one or another
compromising position, shouldn't need the phisician for valium or codeine
or sense of relief, i know my limitations, what i mean isn't belief, but
the standpoint of leaving, bereaving, trying to make the final statement,
what my work is beyond the smashed rhetoric, my life beyond the hectic,
collapsed at the foot of the monumental


:shd be writing a general phenomenology of leaving & disruption, instead
searching out the resulting corruption, looking towards bereaving from the
other face in the approach to the other place, shd be thinking helo good-
bi, factoring in the desire to cry, i.e. wanna cry, flooded by irretriev-
able clutter, the skeain of relationships tends towards sputter, :tiling
and memory filter with demonstrable parameters:examples in preview and
results later :memory and tiling filter with demonstrable parameters:


towards ghosts folowing me everywher as skeins reassemble themselves bar-
ren or bare, as if bones alone carried history, alway the same story,
chaos hurtled toward the car at highspeed, following the economic traject-
ory of need, down the lip of the country, it's barrier at the edge of the
planet and everything on it, groping towards the deconstruction of rela-
tion at the borderline nation or operation culling wat remanes of the
"grater or leser work" or "skeain" "compromsing" or "collapsed at the foot
of the memorial"


_


of the book


i cannot write the book i desire; i think constantly - this text is an 
introduction. there is nothing beyond the introduction.

the introduction is fecund, replete, with the details of the world 
between heat birth and cold death; the introduction inhales universal 
annihilation. there is no proper way to express this.

the books i would write break down upon their enunciation. 

the announcement of the book is the book; the announcement effaces 
itself in the exhaustion of continuous production. i hold 
therapeutically, psychoanalytically, to this production; it becomes a 
life-form, prehensile; it reaches towards the book; its tentacles begin 
to wrap themselves around each and every trope; metaphors becomes 
obstacles and worlds; the production exhales in its own denouement.

only in fear do i look forward to this production which spells my 
failure,this inability to continue, this waywardness, contrariness. 

it reaches through me, comes through me; how could i not believe in 
ghosts, avatars, cyborgs, prostheses, emananations? i write as if their 
very existence depended on it. repeatedly: i write myself into 
existence; i write myself out of it. but the existence is tinged with 
labor throughout - it is the laboring of an existence fragile and 
wavering literally beyond belief. 

if i could only make a statement and hold to it; if i could only connect 
a series of statements, almost as if they were axioms "as if to say." it 
is my strength and weakness that such connections are governed by 
laughter, and the statements themselves, by misery. i am one of the few 
who constantly see through myself. i know about failure from within, the 
rapidity of existence, the inability to seize time for an instant. the 
darkness is overwhelming: it is the darkness of the first and last, and 
only in the midst of chaotic neutrality is the semblance of being 
manifest.

holding to the book: holding memory in place throughout the vicissitudes 
of life. a continuous series of failed projects tends asymptotically 
towards truths that otherwise remain submerged; as it is, they are 
external to symbolic foreclosure, forms of meanderings more at one with 
dark matter than luminous and momentary gravity.

i could never tell you where the statement might be; what might be the 
equivalence of the book; what might be its destination or distribution; 
who might read what could be interpreted as a tropology of illness. i 
could never tell you the statement, or "make it" in any sense, nor is 
there a concept which holds fast, the "one good idea" that each of us is 
supposedly destined to express. it is the "nor" that grips me, the 
"neither this nor that," the "not both this and that," the dissuasions 
of propositional logics and their fundamental modes - the 
superimpositions of gestural logics and their organic gestures towards 
the frisson and trembling of being in relation.

if only i could write of the rush of letters, the stream of meanings, 
shape-riding semantics in the depths of the night! if only utterance 
were at home within me, if there were set themes ready to be expressed, 
clouds and darkened flows "just" about to turn or return to the 
symbolic. instead the dance is always around - and it is a dance - a 
fire elsewhere,beings i could almost see in the dim light, theoretical 
constructs about to emerge out of a communality i witness, but never 
partake in. even the play of the world escapes me; i search for books 
within it; i search for the finality of the word, deconstructing at a 
rush, fevered with disbelief, exhausted with being. what is "out there" 
is never a "what," never "out there"; what is out there is insufficient.

biography, autobiography, flattens and disenchant, transforming theory 
and abstraction to the incidental. scaffolding becomes anecdote and 
complexity is reduced to the despair of a sleepless night. the book that 
calls me forth is otherwise, effacing in the midst of the call, denying 
in its insistency. 

it asserts the "it" "itself," creating presence in absence, ontology in 
the midst of chaos. it is the engine or process born of desire; it has 
no otherwise existence. i fight constantly to ensure that its contents 
and index reflect something beyond that, that desire does not become 
circumstance, that circumstance does not turn thought of the world into 
diary. no life is "worth living" and not in the book which calls me. 

the book is an addiction.

the book is an inescapable addiction, raging, regulated, in the absence 
of drugs, called forth in clarity, self-inscribing. not worth living, 
but a medium of the world, circumstantial mediation or re/mediation in 
denial. 

this denial, rhetoric, flight, are characteristic of that philosophy of 
dedication inhabiting me like an illness; they are symptoms of the book; 
they fumble within me; they lock themselves within me; they hold my mind 
in its insufficiency. they are my promise of redemption. 

i deconstruct the possessive, calling on methodologies i recognize as 
already used, carrying their own stain, their own historic shame. 
thinking must always cast aside the stigma; thinking must never replace 
it with the taint of purity. this is what i have been promised, speaking 
to others through myself: these are the words of the book.

never written, this too a cauterization of a wound refusing to heal.

i cannot write the book "i desire" - that is my failure, not that of the 
book. even the sentence is a sentencing; what is left to say falls to 
pieces. indeed, there is nothing beyond the introductions. 

like any other illness, a compulsion to write, to rectify, to bring down 
the house, to absolve rectification, to slant.

to comprehend illness as a symptom, the momentary apparition of being.

"i desire," "my desire." the writing of submergence. the writing of the 
remnant, remains. the writing of being-submerged, submerged writing.

the book, my book, the book.


