


on the same, everywhere, leading to vast disseminations


(i won't repeat the geopolitical arguments; within them, there are other
concerns, perhaps useless, perhaps nagging at the remnants of occidental
epistemology that survive.)

certainly the attack was brilliant, planned for years, a trail both open,
swollen like a carapace, and closed/foreclosed, just with/before the
proper name: bin laden.

open to the extent that hundreds have been arrested, that the amerikan
psyche seems (at this close proximity, useless in the long run)  
permanently wounded; every mode of transportation, from foot to cruise
ship to airplane is closely monitored - and still box-cutters get through.

there is no protection; there never has been. but for the violent symbolic
misery of the wtc: this will be lost forever. one collapse, one
catastrophe, metonymically spreads, just as body-parts turn to sintered
dust. if culture remains behind the walls of the raw and the cooked, the
pure and profaned, we now understand, more than ever, its abject roots.

the nomadic seizes the empire; viral organisms move from one motel to
another, one city to another, one plane to another. the empire remains in
the grid, situates itself at the cartesian origin (its own form of violent
foreclosure); the empire _is_ the grid. organisms leave no trace; they
appear to reproduce indefinitely; they are of the stones themselves; they
are your next-door neighbor, your relative.

this is endemic within a domain in which, i believe, evil is doubly-
countenanced: the evil of an intolerant fundamentalism, and the evil of
any organized religion splaying gods in skies, proclaiming truth.

i have no doubt about this evil, which expresses itself as godlike, far
more than any good: good is of the earth; evil comes from above.

ethics is unwarranted, but is all one has. think of the postmodern world
as seepages against monuments to modernism: the world trade center towers,
human beings who resist fragmentation, the media coagulating, now, around
understandable patriotic ideologies which, of course, carry their own
implicit violence.

what do we do? we write constantly; we examine our earlier work for signs
of future holocaust; we respond. the original acts themselves were their
own responses; the multiplicity of fbi, cia, and other agents, plays
against quadruple singularities; the singularities play out, as embers,
against the multiplicity of victims.

they could have been anyone, anywhere; on that day, distance collapsed,
stuff broke. from outer space there must have been a flicker. think of
civilizations winking out everywhere in the universe, at the service of
nuclear and biological weapons, rigid ideological formations, as if
instinctual, closing down in pain.

so a new mathematics of the real is born: the monad home to rest in
collapse, and multiplicity fanning out among suburban, urban, and nomadic
landscapes. the attacks alone were delimited - all that earlier fanning
out returning to the origin of a violent religious asceticism. what the
taliban are doing on a daily basis - the culling of difference - occurred
in collusion in new york. penetrated permanently, we are all the poorer
for it.


