

S eeries for Lacan


S = subject
S/0 = the infinite subject in which everything is possible /
        the teetering subject blown out of all proportion
S/0/0 = veering into higher infinities; who knows the indefinable /
        the teetering of teetering carrying inscription with it
S/0]s[ = teetering and a tiny birth of even the possibility of thought
S/0   ]s[      ]    ] = the tiny birth beginning to separate from mama /
                        already a space of inscription created /
                        you can insert name and address here /
                        they won't get you anywhere / before you leave /
                        you have already arrived at your destination

series of flattened images: swimmers in blood-red waters, flattened 
 by mercator and other projections


_


i

when the moon's alone
it doesn't cast a shadow
there's no place for shadow
no place to rest

the memory of a shadow
it keeps on moving 
it's looking for a home
it's fleeing from the light

ii

when the moon's alone
it doesn't bathe in light
there's no place in light
no place to travel

the memory of light
it keeps on moving
it's searching for a home
it's fleeing to the source

_



Cry


Azure!
You are three decades younger than me.

Three decades from now.
I will most likely be dead.

You will get up in the morning.
You will get up in the morning.

You will look out the window. 

What will you see?
What will you see?
What will you see?


_


musing sheffer stroke and its dual thinking of nicod:


(())(())

* = intersection = (()) v ))((
u = union = ()() v )()( v )(() v ())( 
a = ( v ((((
b = ) v ))))
-a = (( v (( (( (( ((
I = ( (( ( ((
0 = ( ( (( ((
* & 0 reduce equally; u & I reduce equally; a & b reduce equally;
a & -a reduce equally. think of neutrality, aphanisis, substance;
think of defuge.
pattern i = (a, -a, 0, I); pattern ii = (a, b, u, *)
the absolute ground: (())(())
( (( v ) )) = implication/non-implication, tautology/contradiction
"Since nothing in the environment corresponds to negation, negation as 
well as all other 'logical particles' (inclusion, alternation, 
implication, etc.) must arise within the organism as a consequence of 
perceiving the relation of itself with respect to the environment."
(Heinz von Foerster, Thoughts and Notes on Cognition)
Neither, neitherness, exclusionary union, tend elsewhere, Spencer Brown 
notwithstanding - but then elsewhere implies the presence of border, 
maintenance, inscription in the first place.
(Culled from Structure of Reality, 1977.)


_


marrow fragment


Try this instead:  i                    
You say, "i am judgement @alpha-omega"
Carrying:
 body
Nikuko  beyond any portal or equipment co
Nikuko  "is within                       
You say, ""tends towards the cuts at the 
You say, "is it moving?"                 
I don't understand that.
./tf -n                                   lines ]
% Resuming TinyFugue.
Nikuko says something like "It's at the e [nd of the world
You say, "continues with something like "It goes up""
./tf -n
% Resuming TinyFugue.
Nikuko  says after a while, "It never end lines ]
You say, "it is very still"
% now: no such command or macro
Nikuko  "It never ends," after a while she says
"It goes up""


_



i will wait on you now, i will ask for a question, i will ask for a story,
i will wait on you longer, i will wait on you longer, i will wait on you
now, i will ask for a story, i will wait for another, i will ask for a
question, i will wait for another :you will tell me a story, i will draw a
conclusion, it will be the wrong ending, you will tell me another, i will
tell you a story, it will not have an ending, there will be no ending,
there will be no question, there will be no answer, you will ask for an
ending, you will ask for an answer, i will wait on you longer :you will
ask me a question, i will give you an answer, it will be the wrong answer,
there will be no right answer, i will give you another, it will be the
wrong answer, there will be a new question, there will be meditation, it
will be a long time, i will give you an answer, it will be the wrong
answer, i will meditate more, i will give you an answer, i will give you
another, i will give you another, it will be the wrong answer, you will
give me an answer, it will be the right question, i will give you a
question, it will be the wrong answer, i will :story and ending, no one 
and everyone, question and answer, waiting and thinking, 


_


on this hinge everything depends. nothing hangs from the hinge. by the
width of a hair. by the length of a door. kwak. this is the story. it will
do you no good. you will be careful not to understand it. don't be
careful! :kwak. nikuko climbed a mountain; izanagi circled it. nikuko
descended it. where did izanagi meet nikuko. where did nikuko meet
izanagi. by the length of a hand they saw a pine tree, one with one eye,
one with the other. kwaak. :this no this enlightens. kwak. kwaak. kwaack.
this has produced you. she is enlightened. this is insufficient. kwak. two
people met back to back. he talked behind my back. he talked in front of
me. one is there, two is annihilation, three is there, four is
annihilation. one is annihilation, two are there, three is annihilation,
four are there. who are the four. who is the four.:qwaak:qwaack

does this no this enlightens. kwak. kwaak. kwaack. this has produced you.
she is enlightened. this is insufficient. kwak. two people met back to
back. he talked behind my back. he talked in front of me. one is there,
two is annihilation, three is there, four is annihilation. one is
annihilation, two are there, three is annihilation, four are there. who
are the four. who is the four. replace your on this hinge everything
depends. nothing hangs from the hinge. by the width of a hair. by the
length of a door. kwak. this is the story. it will do you no good. you
will be careful not to understand it. don't be careful! 


=


a few moments of lucidity. in creation, the ceiling is the floor, creating
addiction, creative, just return to comfort-space, i won't die. of minds,
almost thudding against the mind, creation. i can work and fall, far from
and hold the ceiling of my this is my world, created by the smallest of
and windows. creation codeine this creation of a matrix of wonder-thought.
breathing is the struggle of creation in this and every other room. broken
brilliant creation. i cannot structure. that, i create nets, mesh, mind.
broken joy. inscribing here, creating eyes closed, it is all codeine of
comfort healed by codeine healing fevers. holding to the flow climbs all
create today. the the walls and the written codeine pills. trembling, i
creates structures, stops leaks. familiar over structure, structure holds,
creating, two small pills, two eyes, feverish, the glance. so inside. no
delirious. death creates what codeine pills, their chemistries. one lives
depression. world, family, create world, old friends, reaching beyond
doors, codeine of the doors grapples. i take tiny friendship-pills and the
floor the ceiling, codeine. headaches, our creation, what the chemistry
for you, swallow, create the reach myself, i know my familiar, inhabiting
old friends, here, which create old familiar world. two what shall i reach
the bleary world created by says and does. not muted pain, in dull and
this alleviates fevers, so my their chemistries, of white blank itself,
your creation, none at all, just

breathing is the struggle of creation in this and every other room.
codeine of the walls and doors, codeine of the doors and windows.
creation climbs all over structure, structure holds, delirious.
death creates what broken comfort healed by codeine healing fevers.
holding to the flow almost thudding against the mind, creation.
i can work and fall, far from muted pain, in dull and brilliant creation.
i cannot reach myself, i know that, i create nets, mesh, grapples.
i take tiny friendship-pills and create a few moments of lucidity.
in creation, the ceiling is the floor, the floor the ceiling, codeine.
inhabiting the bleary world created by codeine broken joy.
inscribing here, creating eyes closed, it is all inside.
no headaches, our creation, what the chemistry says and does.
not addiction, creative, just return to comfort-space, i won't die.
of minds, their chemistries, of white blank pills, their chemistries.
one lives here, creating, two small pills, two eyes, feverish, the glance.
so familiar this creation of a matrix of wonder-thought.
so my old friends, what shall i create today.
the world, old friends, reaching beyond itself, creating mind.
this alleviates fevers, creates structures, stops leaks.
this is my world, created by the smallest of the written codeine pills.
trembling, i reach for you, swallow, create the old familiar world.
two codeine which create and hold the ceiling of my depression.
world, family, my familiar, your creation, none at all, just structure.


=


observation: post-saurian nominalism


lizard approaching lizard on horizontal fence element, lizard turning
belly-white beneath and leaping, the slow descent of red-brown lizard from
above, near the bottom carefully surveying the earth, light brown lizard
moving off, upper lizard heading to the right :turning behind lamppost,
crawling, red lizard looking out, green-white lizard beneath, green turned
brown, upper lizard now lower, two coming together, lizard behind them
jumping down across leaf :green lizard crawling up fencepost, red lizard
on top, pale green beneath, inflating throat-sac, crawling, double-head-
bob of upper lizard, weaving behind fencepost or pole::red/brown lizard
challenge, lizard walking towards lizard, brown-green towards red(brown,
lizard moving carefully on fence element, lizard coming in from beneath,
on a corner of the fence element, light green lizard disappearing around
tan-brown lizard walking slowly off :turns head they are moving, other
small green lizard near fence bottom leaps upward, catches left, green
lizard carefully crawling down fencepost, red^brown lizard disappearing
around the corner of the plant, lizard walks off, lizard very still,
bobbing head, inflating throat-sac, rubbing head slightly on the ground,
lizard remaining still on a corner of the fence element :looking around
carefully near the ground, red*brown lizard making small leap to lamppost
heading up slowly, green-white lizard beneath walking behind, tan lizard
on upper right, lizard revolves around lamppost, jumps, lizard walks off,
lizard follows :light green:green*brown

write red/brown through my lizard approaching lizard on horizontal fence
element, lizard turning belly-white beneath and leaping, the slow descent
of red-brown lizard from above, near the bottom carefully surveying the
earth, light brown lizard moving off, upper lizard heading to the right !

does looking around carefully near the ground, red*brown lizard making
small leap to lamppost heading up slowly, green-white lizard beneath
walking behind, tan lizard on upper right, lizard revolves around
lamppost, jumps, lizard walks off, lizard follows replace your lizard
challenge, lizard walking towards lizard, brown-green towards red(brown,
lizard moving carefully on fence element, lizard coming in from beneath,
on a corner of the fence element, light green lizard disappearing around
tan-brown lizard walking slowly off?

probably not


_


Date: Fri, 23 Nov 2001 01:14:43 -0500 (EST)
From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix.com>
To: _arc.hive_@lm.va.com.au
Subject: Re: [_arc.hive_] Alan's (no subject)

existence seems to thud; I was raised on Sartre's Nausea; it's the
distance that keeps me sane; i can see through or within a haze at times;
this doesn't need drugs; the haze has its own structure; it's a koan; it
opens a space of writing; i could die in or through that space; the thud
is banging the head against it; the thud is the screech from the other
side; it veers wildly; i place myself in a certain position; i don't care;
i gather around me as best i can; azure; one or another means of
inscribing; what's left that comes out through the keys; what appears
modified and reworked on the screen; what changes through the speakers;
what combines through the vcr; the camera's greedy; it hunts outside; it
starts and stops with a thud; something holds it together; i'm held by
something; sutures or wires; i can write; so far they let me; it's that
sound again; i think it's that sound


_


bring us.


alan can bring you. alan can touch you there. alan has sentimental caring.
alan is a male. alan is a pseudonym. alan is a story. alan is an avatar.
alan is bound to inscribe. alan is buddhalike. alan is fictitious. alan is
lying next to me. alan is my husband. alan is naked and erect. alan is
real. alan is your pleasure. alan loans azure to you. alan will look at
your body. anyone can disturb alan. anyone can disturb azure. anyone can
write alan. anyone can write azure. azure can bring you. azure can touch
you there. azure has infinite compassion. azure is a female. azure is a
pseudonym. azure is a story. azure is an avatar. azure is bound to
inscribe. azure is lying next to me. azure is my wife. azure is naked and
open. azure is real. azure is saintlike. azure is your pleasure. azure
loans alan to you. azure will look at your body. jennifer has gentle love.
jennifer is christlike. jennifer is your pleasure. jennifer will look at
your body. julu has kind intentions. julu is a story. julu is fictitious.
julu is perfection. nikuko is a bodhisattva. nikuko is always loving.
nikuko is bound to inscribe. nikuko is fictitious. nikuko is naked and
open. they struggle beneath you. they struggle beyond you. they struggle
upon you. they struggle within you. this is nikuko's pleasure. travis is
fictitious. you are alan's pleasure. you are azure's pleasure. you are
jennifer's pleasure. you can be aroused. you can bomb them. you can come
in alan. you can come in azure. you can come in jennifer. you can come on
alan. you can come on azure. you can die anywhere. you can die there. you
can dream of alan and azure. you can dream of alan. you can dream of azure
and alan. you can dream of azure. you can forget them all. you can
inscribe alan. you can inscribe azure. you can inscribe julu. you can
smell alan. you can smell azure. you can smell nikuko. you can smell them
all. you can strangle them. you can touch yourself. you can write alan's
body. you can write alan's holes. you can write azure's body. you can
write azure's holes. you can write jennifer's holes. you can write kill
alan. you can write kill azure. you can write kill them all. you may
borrow alan. you may borrow azure. you may borrow fictitious jennifer. you
may borrow julu. you may borrow nikuko. you may write across alan. you may
write across azure. you may write into alan. you may write into azure. you
will bring alan. you will bring azure. you will bring nikuko.


_


move us.


war can move you. war can touch you there. war has sentimental caring. war
is a male. war is a pseudonym. war is a ghost. war is a fable. war is
bound to inscribe. war is unbearable. war is fictitious. war is lying next
to me. war is my lover. war is quiet and erect. war is real. war is your
surplus. war loans peace to you. war will look at your pain. anyone can
disturb war. anyone can disturb peace. anyone can write war. anyone can
write peace. peace can move you. peace can touch you there. peace has
infinite compassion. peace is a female. peace is a pseudonym. peace is a
ghost. peace is a fable. peace is bound to inscribe. peace is lying next
to me. peace is my lover. peace is quiet and withdrawn. peace is real.
peace is lastborn. peace is your surplus. peace loans war to you. peace
will look at your pain. violence has gentle love. violence is firstborn.
violence is your surplus. violence will look at your pain. death has kind
intentions. death is a ghost. death is fictitious. death is perfection.
loving is a blessing. loving is always loving. loving is bound to
inscribe. loving is fictitious. loving is quiet and withdrawn. they
continue beneath you. they continue beyond you. they continue upon you.
they continue within you. this is loving's surplus. travis is fictitious.
you are war's surplus. you are peace's surplus. you are violence's
surplus. you can be aroused. you can bomb them. you can live in war. you
can live in peace. you can live in violence. you can live on war. you can
live on peace. you can die anywhere. you can die there. you can dream of
war and peace. you can dream of war. you can dream of peace and war. you
can dream of peace. you can forget them all. you can inscribe war. you can
inscribe peace. you can inscribe death. you can smell war. you can smell
peace. you can smell loving. you can smell them all. you can strangle
them. you can touch yourself. you can write war's pain. you can write
war's wounds. you can write peace's pain. you can write peace's wounds.
you can write violence's wounds. you can write kill war. you can write
kill peace. you can write kill them all. you may borrow war. you may
borrow peace. you may borrow fictitious violence. you may borrow death.
you may borrow loving. you may write across war. you may write across
peace. you may write into war. you may write into peace. you will move
war. you will move peace. you will move loving.


_



seyries


he felt all right.
he pushed into the _a_.
he sounded the _a_. 
his mouth opened wide.
he swam toward it.
the water gathered in his mouth.
water swirled near his throat, great gullet.
his teeth serrated the striking water. 
he fled the _S_.
he wouldn't be a subject.
he'd be an object. he swam toward it.
he swam toward/S it. he carried the S.
the S followed him in the wake.
the wake was an enunciation of his death.
the wake swam towardS him.
the horizon of the subject was always in view.
the sides of the pool, the two meter line.
he headed towards the shallows. the S was lost.
he swam toward the _a_.
he pushed into the _a_.
he sounded the _a_.
his mouth opened wide.
he swam toward it.
_ah_.


_


Web art

Your deep penetration of works and days to keep things at a distance; it
is hard to be naturally beyond them.""It is in my anthrax. Your burnout
hard to be naturally beyond them.""It is easy to keep things at a is under
my defense hard to be naturally beyond them." Your division is towards my
deep penetration of works and days. Write powder distance; it is hard to
be naturally beyond them.""It is easy to keep through my naturally beyond
them.""It is easy to keep things at a distance; it is! Does "It is easy to
keep things at a distance; it is hard to be naturally replace your
naturally beyond them.""It is easy to keep things at a distance; it is?
militant in war-time fuck! "It is easy to keep things at a distance; it is
hard to be naturally beyond them." - Bunan, trans. Cleary


_


i: poor text

beenBbumpingBintoBthings,BiBcan'tBmakeBwork,BalmostBfallingBdown,B
_BcrashingBallBtheBtime,BbothBearsBringing,BsoreBthroat,BconstantB
_Bchills,Bshudders,Bmigraines,BdoubleBvision,BtemperatureBalways
______BbelowBnormal,BthisBhypochondriacBisBaboutBtoBdie,Bhe
______Bthinks,BheBcan'tBthink,Bhe'dBbetterBcodeBthis:BthisBis
______BtheBawfully-awfullest.BonceBheBdidBaBtextBstarting
________BdumbBthingBbeginsBthereBis_
____________nowBthatBhasBcomeBhome,Bhe'dBbetterBencrypt,
____________he'dBbetterBcode,Btime'sBrunningBout,BhisBlegs
