== sure!!! well, we know nothing about mime. we do know that hmmm...
there are glass boxes and ropes and things and sometimes the hula =-
you've got a bit of all this here - it's like a language mapped across the
body - for that matter the hula is really an exact mapping, azure's
smoking again -

down the stairs, up the stairs, etc. etc. so this seemed a bit boring and
we sent the mimes to hell - heh heh the fire's really hot!

but the digital layer does add something else to it - a kind of sign
imposed on the body from outside - it's through the framework - it's not
present in the space we're performing in... these are darker works...
about a year ago we were at the experimental television center in owego
upstate ny and were able to create a piece i'd wanted to do for a long
time - exploring literal writing on the body - in a kind of presencing of
both sexuality and inscription - that comes next - that's here - the sound
triggers the cameras through an analog synthesizer... we write chinese
ideograms on each other - from an early period of the development of the
characters - we come together, erase them through our contact - we're
apart - we stamp each other with hanko - one at the beginning and one at
the end - I seem to be making less typing mistakes than usual for this
kind of stuff. i showed this in Buffalo and Loss Glazier thought that I
was hmmm... like it was a big movie done but you know better, Minneapolis!

anyway the ideograms are those for breath, circulation, respieration
(heh!), turning, - and above the genitals, a symbol for negation - it's
the same in contemporary Japanese - I'm in the wrong font here...

I'll skip about - to show how this works...  Azure's a lot younger than me
but we're married. we showed some images in the university in Florida and
the students thought she was my daughter... you can have absolutely no
idea what that led to.

this piece with foofwa d'imobilite also uses the five camera setup - he's
a brilliant dancer from switzerland... we did a number of works
deconstructing ballet and emphasizing both the labor and the sexuality
involved -

then of course there are the extensions of these body issues through
mathematics - but these are stationary images - we'll just use the sound -
that was a bit of a lacanian mystery with all those symbols...

but i began to get interested (I began to get interesting? Not on your
life) - I began to get int. etc. in transforming images into mathematical
functions and then modifying them through a program called Mathematica -
it produced the result you see above left but also could modify existing
digital images -

In all of them the body's surrounded by mathesis, a mathematical space
that heightens the contrasted areas... In the movie above left - those are
Azure's nipples mapped onto a mathematical framework, turned into a
three-dimensional mapping which is then deconstructed by transforming
positions and parameters... Azure stood at the end of the dance piece; it
was important that she stood - it brackets the relationship of the males
who were in a kind of competition - the fast guitar - the dahdahdah - the
dance - as if we could overpower each other - the vertical positioning
changed everything -

well, I worked through a character called Nikuko - "meat girl" in Japanese
- who started off as a snack-bar girl and ended up as a demiurge. Azure
played nikuko and I played Doctor Leopold Konninger in a series of texts,
videos, soundworks, and performances. Nikuko would pirouette for Doctor
Leopold Konninger or

anyway as you can see a lot of the work has to do with bodily abjection as
well - the relationship between the body and various forms of
discomfort...

what happens if you map flesh onto asteroids? or onto three-dimensional
space itself - creating convoluted spaces... -

all of this - this section - based on the near earth object (NEO) email
list I belong to - warning me, through NASA, of whatever asteroids are
about to hit the planet. there are also images of flybies (?) flybyes of
asteroids, al silent of course - so I worked on making them work for me...
this is part of a series of works using Nikuko and Dr LK - produced at the
same place using analog synthesizers - they were run as a series at
Millennium Film in NY - you see the references to piroettes here.. she
dances and dances for the doctor. the two of them are locked together like
gears or cams in a localized sexual economy written by george grosz -
there's no escape from it/them, from the obsessiveness -

how did we get here?  the deconstruction of the body, of inscription on or
around the body, of ballet, of writing on the body, of an incipient
sexuality, of machinery and functional gears... we could end with a couple
of things -

Miami Everglads and the welcome movie and then there was the mess of the
Everglades and the violent sexuality of Miami and its highest crime rate
in the country and the corrupt university and civic government and and and
and about Miami, as someone said, Trust me you don't want to go there

but this isn't about Miami so much as about deconstruction and the body
and inscription and sex and language and and and and and ...

just one more runthrough - the "new one" btw (by the way) refers to a
computer i got from the place to use while I was there - it's not THIS
machine - THIS machine is a lot better - I can really DREAM on this
machine - and as you see it allows a lot of movies to play at once.

testing one two three can you hear me?
testing one two three can you hear me?

I'm azure Carter's neurotic husband, welcome to -

Cyberspace (If I were Miekal I could make that really big and move all
over the page!

Alan ..


_


Self-Decoding Code


unbreakable code text
defined by line and letter
position: KILL ALL PEOPLE
---

key:
1,1 1,2 1,3 1,4 1,5 1,6 1,7 1,8 1,9 1,10 1,11 1,12 1,13 1,14 1,15 1,16
1,17 1,18 1,19 1,20 1,21 2,1 2,2 2,3 2,4 2,5 2,6 2,7 2,8 2,9 2,10, 2,11
2,12 2,13 2,14 2,15 2,16 2,17 2,18 2,19 2,20 2,21 2,22 2,23 2,24 2,25 
2,27 3,1 3,2 3,3 3,4 3,5 3,6 3,7 3,8 3,9 3,10 3,11 3,12 3,13 3,14 3,15
3,16 3,17 3,18 3,19 3,20 3,21 3,22 3,23 3,24 3,25
---

instruction for decoding:
to find out the value of the 9th letter:
count 9 pairs in: 1,9 gives you the value of the 9th letter.
look at the 9th position in the text; it is "b".
therefore "b" goes in the 9th position.
---

comment:
as you can see this code is very self-serving!
---


_


these people


these party people screw you over with their fucking drugs, it's a drag to
be around them, he wants you to screw his wife, she wants you to screw her
husband, they'll open their holes to anyone really annoying he's a real
pest and tremendously needy he's just awful and screwed up she's
unbelievably a total mess some sort of jerk and far too fucked up and
they're incredible sluts and going to suck anything in sight suicidal and
depressed half the time a horrible baby diseased and never going to leave
you alone smelly between the legs and ready for violence all the time and
needy beyond belief and incapable of loving anyone and saddled with a
borderline personality and he's a total loser and she's a fucked-up tease
who won't do a thing and they're part of a lousy crowd and she's going to
screw you over and really annoying he's a real pest and tremendously needy
he's just awful and screwed up she's unbelievably a total mess some sort
of jerk and far too fucked up and they're incredible sluts and going to
suck anything in sight suicidal and depressed half the time a horrible
baby diseased and smelly between the legs and ready for violence all the
time and needy beyond belief and incapable of loving anyone and saddled
with a borderline personality and he's a total loser and she's a fucked-up
tease who won't do a thing and they're part of a lousy crowd and she's
going to screw you over and really annoying he's a real pest and
tremendously needy he's just awful and screwed up she's unbelievably a
total mess some sort of jerk and far too fucked up and they're incredible
sluts and going to suck anything in sight suicidal and depressed half the
time a horrible baby diseased and never going to leave you alone smelly
between the legs and ready for violence all the time and needy beyond
belief and incapable of loving anyone and saddled with a borderline
personality and he's a total loser and she's a fucked-up tease who won't
do a thing and they're part of a lousy crowd and she's going to screw you
over.



worse and worse


Female ritual of cutting-off. The generation of the vase. Hungry ghosts.
Squeezing the food and feeding them. All sorts of phenomena. Alan came all
over her he's just awful and and then he's a total loser and Azure pissed
all over his eyes and mouth needy beyond belief and saddled with a
borderline personality and ready for violence all the time and diseased
and Alan held her breasts out for everyone to touch they're going to suck
anything in sight Azure pulled the ropes so tight they cut his skin
Azure's going to screw you over and tremendously needy far too fucked up
and Azure bit his nipples until they bled never going to leave you alone
or a horrible baby Alan bit her nipples until they bled incapable of
loving anyone and some sort of jerk and a real pest and they're part of a
lousy crowd and and then Azure's a fucked-up tease who won't do a thing
and Azure's unbelievable or he's screwed up smelly between the legs and
really annoying incredible sluts and a total mess his hole was open to
anyone who wanted to fuck stay away just stay away they went at it Alan
came all over her he's just awful and he's a total loser and Azure pissed
all over his eyes and mouth needy beyond belief and saddled with a
borderline personality and ready for violence all the time and diseased
and he held her breasts out for everyone to touch they're or going to suck
anything in sight Azure pulled the ropes so tight they cut his skin
Azure's going to screw you over and tremendously needy far too fucked up
and a horrible baby Alan bit her nipples until they bled incapable of
loving anyone and some sort of jerk and a real pest and they're part of a
lousy crowd and and then Azure's a fucked-up tease who won't do a thing
and Azure's unbelievable or he's screwed up Azure pulled and bit his cock
with her teeth suicidal and depressed half the time smelly between the
legs and really annoying incredible sluts and a total mess her legs were
spread so wide everyone could see her hole stay away just stay away they
went at it he held her breasts out for everyone to touch they're going to
suck anything in sight far too fucked up and Alan bit her nipples until
they bled incapable of loving anyone and some sort of jerk and a real pest
and they're part of a lousy crowd and and then Azure's a fucked-up tease
who won't do a thing and Azure's unbelievably or he's screwed up Azure
pulled and bit his cock with her teeth suicidal and depressed half the
time smelly between the legs and really annoying incredible sluts and a
total mess his hole was open to anyone who wanted to fuck her tight shaved
cunt and labia engorged with him Alan came all over her he's just awful
and he's a total loser and Alan pissed all over her eyes and mouth Azure
pissed all over his eyes and mouth needy beyond belief and saddled with a
borderline personality and ready for violence all the time and diseased
and he held her breasts out for everyone to touch they're or going to suck
anything in sight Azure pulled the ropes so tight they cut his skin
Azure's going to screw you over and tremendously needy far too fucked up
and a horrible baby Alan bit her nipples until they bled incapable of
loving anyone and some sort of jerk and a real pest and they're part of a
lousy crowd and and then Azure's a fucked-up tease who won't do a thing
and Azure watched him tied up and fucked by anonymous men he's screwed up
suicidal and depressed half the time smelly between the legs and really
annoying incredible sluts and a total mess his hole was open to anyone who
wanted to fuck his enormous cock spurting cum everywhere stay away just
stay away they went at it Alan came all over her he's just awful and he's
a total loser and Azure pissed all over his eyes and mouth needy beyond
belief and saddled with a borderline personality and ready for violence
all the time and diseased and or going to suck anything in sight Azure's
going to screw you over and tremendously needy far too fucked up and Azure
bit his nipples until they bled never going to leave you alone or a
horrible baby he bit her nipples until they bled incapable of loving
anyone and some sort of jerk and a real pest and they're part of a lousy
crowd and and then Azure's a fucked-up tease who won't do a thing and
Azure spread her menses across his eyes and hair Azure's unbelievable or
he's screwed up Azure pulled and bit his cock with her teeth suicidal and
depressed half the time smelly between the legs and really annoying
incredible sluts and a total mess


_


the vast stream of stories


the eight extremes
 coming
 going
 starting
 stopping
 creating
 annihilating
 nothing
 everything
   the three heaps
    heap of everything
    heap of all
    heap of somethings
      the eleven objects of sacrifice
       women
       girls
       goats
       stones
       numbers
       boys
       men
       deities
       emperors
       breasts
       dragons
         the five treatises
          treatise of incarnation
          treatise of subterfuge
          treatise of hidden treasures
          treatise of measured consequences
          treatise of innumerable cinders
            the eight paths
             forest path
             sea path
             valley path
             spring path
             lower path
             upper path  
             all-around path
             going-nowhere path
               the nine illusions
                illusion of the beautiful girl
                illusion of the artifice of gold
                illusion of the sacrifice
                illusion of the mirror-moon
                illusion of the enormous sun at dusk
                illusion of illusions
                illusion of sexual distraction
                illusion of sexual repulsion
                illusion of hunger and thirst
                  eighteen signs of unloveliness
                   fallen hair
                   bleak eyes
                   fallen posture
                   scarred body
                   bad smell
                   greasy hair
                   watery eyes
                   ill-advised eyes
                   mumbled words
                   hanging belly
                   too-high belly
                   thickened fingers
                   too-thin neck
                   always laughing
                   too-thick lips
                   dirty face
                   falling-behind
                   falling-forward
                     three-fold obstructions
                      obstruction by name
                      obstruction by callings
                      obstructions by deafness (unlistening) 
                        six-fold veiling of monk or nun
                         unseeing
                         untouching
                         unhearing
                         unsmelling
                         unmoving
                         untasting
                           the four-fold pledging
                            pledging of service
                            pledging of unharmfulness
                            pledging of detachment
                            pledging of silence
                              the two-fold four-fold truth
                               dharma and not-dharma
                               nirvana and not-nirvana 


considerations and the clarity of thought, ontology and splintered
thought, both branches might well have thought, she was my daughter


_
0:
1:
20:
21:
139: " Beguine.
174:You cry.
295: nothing more so show me the door"
700:You kiss yourself.
844:     yours! "    
857:
2603:millimeter pistol.
2622:
2771:door. It is brown, wood. I shoot them. The pistol hums, it doesn't go
4234:up.
4238:
4239:I woke up frightened, Nikuko, frightened of everything.
7062:of struggle in the pipes.
9587:
10191:in the hole of the forest
14834:moved slowly nothing moved
14923:
27359:thicket. why did they burn the shelter down? in the center 
28978:subtlety of embers...
42397:
42666:
80608:over.
80614:


_


performing nothing


61528:online presence is consciously performative by virtue of the sign; 
      offline 
61604:presence is performative by virtue of differentiation from 
      substance 
61674:(performance = differentiation)
62865:digital life, there is no truth, only coherent performativities; 
     in the 
72722:present in the space we're performing in... these are darker works...
75599:performances. Nikuko would pirouette for Doctor Leopold Konninger -
3117:nothing to me, I let them scream. Do you see how I am, Nikuko, 
     how it is.
3192:Nothing bothers me, Nikuko, nothing. Listen: I run out of 
     ammunition. For
8850:nothing comes out but different, not therapy or recuperation or 
     balance, 
15378:nothing between, nothing cohering, contiguous at best - already 
     presaging 
25780:forever, there is nothing anyone can give you that would make you 
     reveal
26350:the light, given up to the full view, nothing whatsoever, and these
26488:exhumations and reburials, nothing at all...


_


The Correction


AND nothing's too HARD for us to handle AND *FULL PLEASURE* AND our Girls
are RED HOT! AND Chin/Neck Enhancement AND Lip/Cheek Enhancement AND
Liposuction AND The Choice for Adult Entertainers 20% off! AND Looking for
a Romantic Interlude? AND Specializing in Clothes & Accessories for Female
Dancers & Showpeople AND Mythology Nic Nacs AND Breast Augmentation Saline
and Silicone AND Caressive Intimacy AND Nasal Surgery AND BE WICKED FOR A
NIGHT AND The GIRLS EAT OUT AND Abortion Services Up to 22 Weeks AND
Termination Up to 22 Week no pain abortion AND Family Planning Birth AND
Three Month Birth Control Injection AND Sonograms Included with
Termination AND Dildos, Pumps para alargar el pene, lubricantes AND
Cirugia Reconstructiva AND Toys AND IMPOTENCIA SEXUAL NO! AND Full Body
Bath By South American Latin Ladies AND South Beach Cuties Needed AND BODY
HAIR REMOVAL AND BALL SHAVING * BUTT WAXING * MASSAGE HEAD TO TOE AND
Beautiful Models Bachelor Parties Christmast New Year Travel Shows AND
Bussinesmen Offices Hotels Companions AND HAWAIIAN SHOW 24 Hours AND Play
Touchy Feely with the Latest Adult Toys AND Love Toys Lingerie BDSM Fetish
Wear Bondage Wear AND CORRECTION OF PREVIOUS COSMETIC SURGERY AND Face &
Eye Lid Surgery AND Botox / Collagen AND GOT ANTS? GET ANTSWERS! AND 100%
HUMAN HAIR EXTENTIONS AND New Protein Bond Invisible System AND Stark
Naked AND Sexy Dresses * Club Wear * Lingerie AND Costumes, Wigs, Masks,
Feather Boas AND Tattoo * Body Piercing * custom to traditional from mild
to wild AND Corsets* Fetish * Clothing * Boots * Pumps * Leather *
Exquisite Lingerie AND Beautiful Ladies From All Over the World AND Pool
Table * Dart Boards * Sport Via Satellite AND Spiked Heels, Boots &
Slippers AND TOTALLY NUDE DANCING * HOT BABES * COLD BEERS * FREE BAR
SNACKS AND Beautiful Women Fully Nude AND SUNDAY FOOTBALL - 6 TV'S! AND
"Dream With Your Eyes Open!" AND Our Girls NEVER Rub You The Wrong Way!
AND South Beach Showgirls Due for The Correction


_


     A girl's ball-dess and shoes are symbolic of the world organized
     (in counters) from the mud. Separate from contact. [...]

     Philosophy is about people in clothes, not about the soul of man.

     The fixed order of the world is woven in a gigantic way by the acts
     of men and animals.

     The world lives in order to develop the lines on its face.

     - from T. E. Hulme, Cinders


_
