


Susan Graham ... Susan Graham. completed text to print, scroll down scroll
up Susan ... Select a Page -. Susan Graham's South America Adventure. ...
Susan Graham Susan Graham. Susan has an incredible ...

Scroll up Susan
Scroll down Susan

, Susan looks down the street, Susan seeing
  she is looking down the street, there is dust on the street
  a red car is moving fast, it is hot sun, not yet nova ,

   it wheels in West Texas, those kids here to make trouble, they pull up,
	they say, scroll up Susan, scroll down Susan, , Susan is at an
	open window, her blinds, what is she wearing

	 two birds leave the roof of the false-front bank, Morgan's Bank,
	      they wheel overhead,

	      ... Graham Video Chat Growing up in Texas, opera sensation
	      Susan Graham never dreamed
	      that one day she'd be singing about croissants and café
	      au lait. But that's ... 
	      ... SUSAN GRAHAM From her days growing up in Texas and New
	      Mexico, mezzo-soprano Susan
	      Graham dreamed of singing at the Santa Fe Opera. She has
	      done just that and ... 
	      ... Raised in Roswell, New Mexico, and Midland, Texas, Susan
	      Graham studied at the
	      Manhattan School of Music and Texas Tech University... a
	      remarkable debut recital album for the stunning
	      mezzo-soprano Susan Graham. This
	      Texas-born and bred opera star's elegance and warm
	      personality have already ... Advanced Search    Preferences
	       Search Tips 
		 Search within results 

		 she is in Midland where I placed her by that stoplight
		 swinging just above the road, oil rigs go by fast & raise
		 hell with the birds, how was I supposed to know the real
		 Susan Graham exists from Midland where she sang to become
		 what I will call "The Songbird of the Prairie" or "The
		 Prairie Songbird" for I did not hear her sing but now

		 everything crashes, big-time record producers at her door

		   the sun not yet nova
		   Susan Graham is none of them that know me

		   Susan Graham is none of them that know me

		   , Susan
		   , Susan Graham


