==


(the closing of the work)


    the phenomenology of approach


    = approaching the everglades, the city, illness, language, culture =

a text written in spurts, after the outline, chasing down, encapsulating, 
circumventing. what is an approach? how does approach manifest itself to 
the subject? what is the domain of the approach? what is a domain? what is 
subjectivity? what is its presence and loss?

     0  intermittent text
the text of dispersal. sections are written into and out of the outline. 
the text is governed by the outline. subsequent versions increase the 
quantitative content, refine the tolerance of the investigation. the text 
is an accumulation or collocation of interspersions.

     1	domain limited or unlimited
a limited domain is inscribed with or without fuzzy boundaries. domains 
may be limited in sememe, space, and/or time. example: everglades bounded 
by hydrology, ecosystem. for example (below): everglades younger than 
writing, than human inscription. for example (below): the scribble: 
scribbled note, indecipherable handwriting, noise in the machine. the 
state/meant of the domain is always already a delimitation. (limits are 
closed sets in relation to the rest of the world/s, worlding.)

     2	clues and cues from immemorial past
a clue is an interpretable symptom, according to a scheme based on an 
articulated methodology. a cue is the activation of a scheme based on an 
anomaly or repetitive structure within the domain. the domain in turn may 
be defined by clues and cues.

     3	difference between clues and cues
a clue is based on evidence from the past to the present; a cue is based 
on activation within the present.

     4	relevance theory and approach
clues and cues are such by virtue of relevance; theoretical methodology is 
part of a critical sifting apparatus. relevance is already a complex 
construct, ranging from variegated retinal firings to stratifications of 
attention.

     5	top-down classification schema
this follows for example category theory, chaos/fractal theories; one 
always already begins with pre-theoretic presuppositions. the schemes 
obscure as well as clarify; they override heuristics, average anomalies 
and noise. as with approach, they are always a detour in this regard; they 
counteract the information implosion of nominalism.

     6	wonder, innovation, contradictions
beginning with a sense of awe - everything signs everything, everything 
inscribes. innovation in terms of heuristic projections and introjections 
- contradictions in terms of anomalies, revisions, recuperations, returns.
wonder is a washing, determinate sublime, approach across the edge of the 
cliff, reworking binding and boundary.

     7	deep ecologies, interstitial 
the ecologies become perceptually deeper; gaps are filled in; one lives in 
depth in the glades, aware of cyclical time, anomalous events, local 
histories, individual plants and animals. think of messy thickets as 
sheaves; partial separations tend towards partial separations. format 
information formats, format information. the habitus tends towards 
experience.

     8	filling in the habitus
from larger to smaller clues and cues - alligators and wading birds to 
landbirds and invertebrates for example. as one moves down in scale, 
identification becomes increasingly difficult, if not impossible.

     9	from anomaly to behaviors
and back again; behavior clusters based on attributes. or from story to 
structure, diachrony to synchrony, anecdote to prediction.

    10	sense of occupation and intimacy
inhabitation based on familiarity, familiality. what is occupation without 
possession, the contract. intimacy forestalls occupation, the experiential 
relegating definition. but in another sense, that of familiar territory, 
'my work,' 'my walk,' 'my singing,' 'my song,' my process, my advance, my 
report and distribution.

    11	familiarity, familiality 
in the first, equivalence scripts and schemata, universals, typifications; 
in the second, identity scripts and experientials, individuations. in 
both, the failure of distributive aristotelian logics, in both the 
gestured and extrapolated indefinite bandwidth. (22)

    12	maternality
chora and matrix - the inchoate beneath the surface of the subject, the 
dominion of striations, vocalizations.

    13	deconstruction of the abject
disarticulation of the abject as such and rearticulation in terms of 
microstructure, skein. the muck and clutter in relation to marl/peat moss 
and biome or flora/fauna regimes. muck and clutter as regimes.

    14	phenomenology of naming
following the notion of rigid designators, beginning with classification, 
classification experience, virtual subjectivity and its relation to 
concrete manifestation.

    15	inarticulate inchoate
maternality: see above. the proffering of languaging or template. the 
inert real. the unspeaking, unspeakable, unspoken.

    16	the mess and its overcoming
entanglement as regime intrusions, conflicting biomes, collapse or 
implosion, niche-construction, problems of scale in space and time.
the mess overcoming.

    17	phenomenology of touch
demarcation of environment on the body - thicket tangle, poisonwood, 
against the skin. differentiation of the mass. eidetic reduction to the 
pressure of being.

    18	reinscription of domain
the domain _as_ continually inscribed in negotiation. linguistic contract 
of the subject. increasingly fuzzy boundary issues. refinement of 
differentiations - typology to decreasing tolerances.

    19	immersive and definable structures
definable is fully reversible; immersive is fuzzy, vectored. both are 
capable of meta-level collocations, i.e. a definable of definable, 
immersive of definable, etc.

    20	clue skeins
clues related theoretically, taxonomically, in terms of typifications, 
taxonomies - heuristic skeins, established on the run. partial skeins, 
tagged skeins, default tag skeins.

    21	the instrumental reason of flows and part-objects
fluid mechanics, turbulence, stases within the flow - non-equilibrium 
thermodynamics. the partitioning, parcelling, clutter, of the world. 
part-objects as modules: modules 'on the part of' the subject, and modules 
'defined as such' within the continually reinscribed domain.

    22	gestural logics and superimpositions
such that partial information (as in land's experiments re: color vision) 
extends across a total domain or spectrum.

    23	delaying conclusions and the settling-in of elements
inconclusivity of discourses which are increasingly refined. elements 
noticed and defined 'settle in' - in the sense of familiarity - always 
with default tags - i.e. elimination by counterexample. retention of _weak 
theory_ - searching for coherency without retention of apparently outmoded 
paradigms.

    24	continuous processing and absorption of anomalies
anomalies as generative of domain boundaries, entities, temporary 
inscriptions, potential of part-objects, etc. the anomaly as the mis-fit 
among the accountable and accounted-for. as unaccountable, uncounted, the 
anomaly generates circumscriptions, circumlocutions; these are involved by 
the subject in a consideration and absorption of the _detour._ every 
anomaly potentially turns everything around, and is turned around by 
everything.

    25	modes of approach in space and time
diachronic/synchronic approaches - space-time slices. diffusion of 
occluded layerings (bay bottoms versus onshore mangrove island 
topography). architectonics of the domain.

    26	horizons of 'natural' and 'unnatural' worlds
and horizons of 'subjective' and 'objective' worlds - in relation to 
heuristics and experiential structures (immersivities). definition is both 
tool and violation; mobile fuzzy domain boundaries participate in the 
natural (i.e. given) order as well as ideological political/economic 
conscious and unconscious considerations.

    27	weakening of perceptual structures and responses
approach is always already self-critical, self-critique; the critique 
itself is withdrawn from the self, sublimated into emergent considerations 
of the domain. the phenomenology of approach implies a weakness of 
language, definition, inscription, boundary, instrumental reason; it 
implies releasement, waiting (not waiting-upon) as well.

    28	releasement and listening
to listen without consideration of the source, the speech, one's answer; 
to avoid pausological structures ('yes, but...'); to speak after (what 
appears to be) the case.

    29	buildings, dwellings, and habitations
domains as fuzzy architectures, the build world, to the extent of the 
delimitation. dwelling, as in residing within the domain, within the 
subjective horizon of the experiential mode in relation to the domain. the 
domain as inhabited by the subject, wor(l)ds becoming 'natural' in the 
sense of familiarity, familiality.

    30	the neighborhood
it is the neighborhood, communality, the constitutes the increasing 
approach of the domain. to the extent of a phenomenology of approach, the 
domain is asymptotic, never fully approached. the neighborhood is a 
confluence of neighborhoods, intersections demographics, zones and zoning 
ordinances, ethnicities - just about any conceivable attribute, fuzzy or 
not (for example, families whose surnames begin with 'Mc'). the neighbor- 
hood is also a maternality, a comfort-zone, an occupation constituted by 
the participant's introjections and projections. neighborhood is created 
by their increasing coherency and stability, a homeostatic domain itself. 
the attainment of homeostasis involves mechanisms for absorbing anomaly, 
to the extent that anomaly becomes subsumed (i.e. this moth is an unknown 
species within the imperial silk family).

    31	intersecting populations and worlds
no domain is pure, no approach can posit an isolated object for long. 
skeins intermesh diachronically and synchronically, across disciplines and 
other semi-rigid boundaries of the classical episteme. domains possess 
symptomatic leakage and staining; there are stigma-zones, exhaustion 
zones, depletion zones, zones of surplus accumulations. what is posited as 
an object both diffuses and expands; becoming invisible, it participates 
within neighborhooding, worlding - becoming visible, it participates in 
skew-orthogonal skeining and the report.

    32	phenomenology of withdrawal
every approach is a withdrawal; what is known is known in recession. the 
decrease of tolerance is asymptotic at best. the greater the knowledge, 
the weaker the theory, heuristics coming more and more into play. there 
are dialectics among reifications, objectifications, subjectivities, 
reports and encapsulations, releases and experience, determinations and 
faltering data, anomaly. the phenomenology of approach embeds withdrawal, 
just as withdrawal implies approach. every introjection, a projection; and 
every projection, an introjection.

    33	the skein (skew-orthogonal)
the grid and its imposition, input-output matrices, markov chains, tensors 
and absorptions of data, local geodesics, fuzzy or clouded enumerations, 
collocations of data.

    34	the skein (askew and local)
the local scribble, local geodesics without embedding, fluid-mechanical or 
cellular automata modeling, closures, accumulations of data, local messes.

    35  increasing audacity and circumscription
one takes increasing chances as danger apparently recedes by virtue of 
knowledge. how to approach a snake or alligator; how to ward off deerflies 
and no-see-ums. an approach is always a detour (thus the sides, top and 
bottom, are in evidence); the domain, no matter how problematic, is both 
skein-connected (to its environs, history, etc., without and with 
observation, to taxonomic schema, ideologies, cultures and civilizations, 
and so forth) - and disconnected (to the extent that it is not 'its' 
intention that one approaches, that one makes the approach, that it is 
within one's horizon - but who knows). a detour may follow one or another 
walk-around, or it maybe be a confluence/manifold of the totality of 
walk-arounds - for example, the semi-totalities of gathering periphyton 
data in space time through selected sites, extrapolated across the glades 
in their entirety. 

    36  the report
for example: the everglades as we know them are younger than writing; this 
residue is older than that. the report is tailored to distribution modes, 
economics, audience, historiographies, symbolic conventions, bibliography 
and reference, dedication and authority, placement within or without 
various series, a particular written language, attendant taxonomic ploys, 
languages, and paradigms. 

    37  the distribution
the distribution of the report enters the field of reports, processes of 
reporting and distributing, checks and counter-checks. the report is 
always already a reification by virtue of peer and other consensus; this 
is the escape or leakage of the phenomenology of approach into profession, 
professionalism, and doxa.

    38  the thinking of it
and the rethinking of it, the arc through and across the report, response, 
distributions, counter-distributions, argument and counter-argument, the 
return to the field, the walking-through the field, and always already 
transformation of the domain and its problematic.

    39  the world of it
the world is all that is the case. but the world and worlding are 
dissimilar and 'the' already breaks down among virtual and real, virtual 
particles and introjections/projections, phantasms and implicate orders. 
nothing remains of encompassment; domains dissolve or problematize, just 
as the 'of it' - already a possessive - is another releasement. 

    40  the knowledge, experiencing of the knowledge
what recedes, becoming, not knowledge, but implicate, implicated, tacit. 
my boundaries, body, disappear, absent themselves, among the thickets. 
worlding wheels on virtual axes; id and ego merge mute. what was real and 
had become symbolic now recedes into the imaginary and real. skin and 
masquerade become one; abjection diffuses among bodies, waters, earths, 
islands, hammocks. enunciation is always a problem increasingly distant as 
one silences, the report long gone, having been written, distributed, 
critiqued, absorbed, discarded. those series or skeins have no place here; 
evanescent, they're already exhausted by consciousness and defuge. the 
leaving that is left is an accompaniment, future inhabitation of memory or 
visitation, minding, mindful. no longer the distance of the approach or 
proximity of withdrawal, but only translucency, transparency on rare 
occasion. imagining the glades, but not without myself diffused, laminar, 
here and there, the skitter. 



