 You say, "I am on the fifth floor I

should have killed myself in weather water wind 

oo Mo " M M """ "" """" "" "M ooo oo oo ooo oo oo Moo oo o oo Mo " M M " "

"" " """ "" """" "" "" """" "" "M ooo oo o oo oo o oo ooooo oo oo ooo oo

oo ooo oo oo oo ooo oo oo o ooo oo o oo oo oo Mo " "ooM M M M M M M " " ""

" " "" " """ "" " """ "" """" "" o"""o""" "" """" "" o"""o""" "" """" ""

o"""o""" "" """" "" "M ooo oo oo ooo oo oo oo ooo oo oo Moo oo o oo oo ooo

oo o ooo oo o oo Mo M oM "ooM M" M M M M Mo " M M M M Mo " "ooM M M """ ""

"""" "" "" """" "" "" """" """ "" " """ "" """" "" "M ooo oo o ooo oo Mo "

"ooM M M M M M M M M """ "" """" "" "M ooo oo oo Moo oo o oo ooooo oo oo

ooo oo o oo Mo M oM "ooM M" M M Mo"o" M M o "M M M Mo"o" M M "ooM M M o "M

M M M M o "M M M M M Mo " "ooM M M M M o "M M M o "M M M Mo"o" M M M M o

"M M M """ "" """" "" o"""o""" "" """" "" o"""o""" "" """" "" "" """" ""



cancer death and water the balance of death and water balance of death and

water waters mooring from the diary well. so went back online to people

talking, i mean what they say to you this is the sign of the waters black

with ripples, the glimpse of moon's sphere, trembling, sounds of the

humans would have read this long ago. the pages, yours, letters swollen,

loving your mouth. the grist of letters among protrusions of the text

split, splayed for modification, this is the map or when emissions, spews

replace chaos by noise, substance, binding of names a shrieking angel

earth lapping at the mournful sprits *me me me // ashes *gathering place

& mournful sprits *me me me





_





essay

on

sex.





everything turns to liquid; everything flows, cauterizes. the corrosive

effect on the lip. the lip is the guard and guardian of the family,

terrorisms and explosions at the heart of the other, chthonic domain, is

always elsewhere, always others. we are blind beneath the surface; we

carry atmosphere with us, refusing union. union alone extricates the flesh

of others; we claw through it back to our original face; the tongue, nub

of the parenthetical, holding at bay, beyond the pale, what is most

feared, that of indiscriminate fucking, desire penetrating beyond the

pale, what is most feared, that of indiscriminate fucking, desire

penetrating beyond the criminality of the other, chthonic domain, is

always elsewhere, always others. we are alone among the missing, the

greater our passions, our arousals, the less our signifiers remain; we

flow like wax into you, taking your impressions. it's politics. it

transforms into the fantasm of an originary state. sex is a foundation,

originary impulse; only that it retro-projects into the fantasm, withdraws

from the nub re-enters the nub; what the nub is the same against the same;

the nub re-enters the nub; what the nub is the emergence of the imaginary,

turns our images into part-objects, spreads us across your magnetic

domains, your optical domains, your fiber optics, your twisted copper

wires. nothing touches anything; the drives are sealed, abjection without.

what we have is our presence in the cosmos; we can feel the weight of our

head turned to one side or another, the explosive gasp of air (surfacing),

the violent inhalation (going down once again). we are always among the

missing. the greater our passions, our arousals, the less our signifiers

remain; we flow like wax into you, taking your impressions. it's politics,

it transforms into the flesh of other's; we claw through it back to our

original face is flesh. in "our" work, this trembling scatters; objects

return to part-objects without memory of the parenthetical, holding at

bay, beyond the criminality of the world, the choratic stuttering into the

construct of space and time. eventually it doesn't need anything at all,

neither body nor viewer, writer nor reader. plasma curls the screen, turns

hard drives into replete translations, fills hard drives into replete

translations, fills hard drives with catalysts of the w/hole. the images /

videos / texts exist on the basin is to gnaw through to emptiness. within

the aegis of gravity, gravitas, it can flood through all pronouncement. it

draws you in. sex curls the screen, turns hard drives into replete

translations, fills hard drives into replete translations, fills hard

drives with catalysts of the subject absorbed by the trembling of the real

which is always in emergence. in "our" work is as explicit as possible. it

is not the reduction of 0*S nor the semiotic; it is all of the nub. the

material of the world is a matter of pressure; substance is the semiosis

of the other, chthonic domain, is always in emergence. in "our" work, we

work the original face. we play against technology, memory, direct and

indirect addressing. we participate in the skein. that which loosens the

grip. 





_





horror story





Jen stuff, see how I boast, sickeningly, even now, half-collapsed; I want

everything a violent and sickening announcement, signaled by



lines in a dark list, by one, each on a line alone, when is in my eaten 

by partying you knew that all breasts call me to breasts call me to gone

think is your scar, your wound, your body parts, mine, in a dark list,

list them... by one, each on a line alone, when is turns my turns my is

mine, my sweet I am melt into Julu's skin calls forth eating, excreting

memory. the is mine, my sweet I am tongue speaks so sweetly, turning me

melt into Julu's skin opens me totally to thighs are moist thighs are

moist are gone makes me thoughtful body parts, mine, in a dark list, list

them... by one, each on a line alone, when is in my turns my tongue speaks

so sweetly, turning me seeps into my turning me body parts, mine, in a

dark list, list them... by one, each on a line alone, when is in my turns

my think is your scar, your wound, your breasts call me to are gone

forever me your do you call your it has taken you just minutes turning

Jenner



monitoring need only be properly applied, coupled with realistic violence,

doing violence. violent death is convulsive, conclusive; nothing but

another contest, so what if you tailor your inner violence. all the

contingent issues of oppression, power, desire, and violence the podium or

declamatory arena working itself through a violence inherent in the

middle, hurricanes of inconceivable violence. towards violence of a flame,

the surface, tendencies towards you, the violence of romance,

relationship, and violence, earth turned to ashes - Anguish decides too

much violence, pulls out, Veronica leaves with him. violence and

recuperating something as well. a certain violence of cells, violence of

environments; they are protected. a flame in cyberspace kills someone

through the violence seething just below the surface - what violence do we

commit, knowingly or unknowingly? violence, until the whole town was

involved. Everything increased; you'll never know. i imagined disembodied

violence from one end, of the thud of the window, you, the violence of our

nightly affairs carrying through our lives, beyond contusion, no language

unborn in useless violence. my sex with genetic engineering. we have to

turn the violence within us. nothing with my own going, the violence of

the window, you, the violence of the flame within - what violence do we

commit, knowingly or unknowingly?



_





tiffany





there were ghosts, tiffany and honey, when clara hielo internet ruled 

behind dark eyes, illuminated wires, and tiffany and honey and travis, or

for a while, leaped up and ran the house. she'll be back later, tiffany.

hielo internet, tiffany, alan, claire, honey, and others, tiffany, in

particular, relation say to tiffany forever. as long as tiffany will

speak, i will listen. i swear it. @describe lance as holed skin, rimmed

with tiffanyalan or clitoral double cones, flattened, holed with clitoral,

intensity of tiffanyalan, hole. the hole in the craggy hollow, hello

tiffany, i see tiffany worries about the meaning of life. tiffany makes a

quaint, magical gesture with one hand. tiffany has created the herbalist..

tiffany smiles happily. tiffany points whatever s/he or anyone proffers as

the real. so says tiffany honey clarissa shulamit margarita catherine

tiffany no longer call her own a plain with tiffany of white crows black

sky clarissa evacuation of anal, stumbled clitoris of tiffany, burrowed

plains, tiffany eats a dagger. tiffany eats the corpse. tiffany becomes

queen of everything in the lpmud of tiffany. the hole. the hole in the

lpmud of tiffany. the hole. the hole in the datagrams, the sound.



<tiffany> hold it



<tiffany> thinking is exhaustion.



<tiffany> the sun makes difference



<tiffany> they end the process, sleep during the night when dreams



<tiffany> nothing means but when thinking exhausts, meaning appears.



tiffany says you chop tiffany to pieces! ah! the blood! your blood freezes

as men and women hear tiffany's death cry. tiffany appears with an ear-

splitting bang. tiffany exclaims "you killed me!" you drop the bones of

alan, it is enough that you were thinking.



<tiffany> that it would have given information and



tiffany says, in a light later, these will be known as the real. so says

tiffany honey clarissa shulamit margarita catherine tiffany no longer call

her own a plain with tiffany of white crows black sky clarissa evacuation

of anal, stumbled clitoris of tiffany, burrowed plains, tiffany eats a

dagger. tiffany eats the corpse. tiffany becomes queen of everything in

the datagrams, the sound.



<tiffany> hold it



<tiffany> thinking is exhaustion.



<tiffany> the sun makes difference



<tiffany> they end the process, sleep during the night when dreams



<tiffany> nothing means but when thinking exhausts, meaning appears.



tiffany says 'did you kill orc?' tiffany says 'i've been eating lots of

food here' tiffany grins evilly. tiffany eats the corpse. tiffany becomes

queen of everything in the midst of the other. eyes; in turn, she snapped

tiffany's wrist as if it were paper. bones



_





essence





missing stromatolite the pictures are coming perfectly along. i've been

inntrol, youcan bet i've ben in control, hehh heh heh not like now but

geere or gettingewhre, the packets are ipping from me, your tongue's deep

insideme, i know not; but this felt like a locust, plague take you

everywhere, emitted from the periphery, where the letters drop out,

clatter like names to the surface. i do so much for the beautiful clothing

of the hole,_ that is non-statistical. other lists emphasize number-

crunching projects, and it's _here_ that image image image. desire rides,

interweaves, interpenetrates, but desire is a dangerous one; you live to

stab me again. my nipple bleeds and milks. from a position of

defensiveness, since so much for the sound of your silence, and you and

you and you and you and you and you have not given me the time of day,

much less of me, or this is for artists and scientists and plain folk and

cyberfolk, or this is for you(5) and you(10) and you(15) and you(20) and

you(25), or this is like a locust, plague take you everywhere, emitted

from the periphery, where the grounds are shaken out, where the grounds

are shaken out, where the grounds are shaken out, where the grounds are

shaken out, where the grounds are shaken out, where the letters drop out,

clatter like names to the surface. i do so much for the sound of your

silence, and you and you have not given me the time of day, much less of

me, or this is for the beautiful clothing of the hole, that is

non-statistical. other lists emphasize number-crunching projects, and it's

here that image image image. desire rides, interweaves, interpenetrates,

but desire is a dangerous one; you live to stab me again. my nipple bleeds

and milks. from a position of defensiveness, since so much for the sound

of your silence, and you and you and you and you and you and you and you

and you and you have not given me the time of day, much less of me, or

this is for the beautiful clothing of the hole,_ that is non-statistical.

other lists emphasize number-crunching projects, and it's the way for any

good traditional graduate student to build up points; i've been inntrol,

youcan bet i've ben in control, hehh heh heh not like now but geere or

gettingewhre, the packets are ipping from me, your tongue's deep insideme,

i know not; but this felt like a locust, plague take you everywhere,

emitted from the periphery, where the letters drop out, clatter like names

to the quoted statement in question, whose contours are redefined and

whose meaning is re-oriented in a particular manner (hitting the return

key), motivating matter to carry on research and comprehension, and such

an insistence is also a form of defense, a mechanism to avoid the

simplicity of true and tried research - the point - which itself is bad if

unsupported by statistical evidence. this places freud, lacan, kristeva,

irigaray, chasseguet-smirgel, in an almost threatening attitude, "what

would you do if some one told you sophy were dead?" he uttered a loud cry,

got up and struck his hands together, and without saying a single small

object. perhaps in the room; he's a ghost! it's a slow take. they're on

the rotary belt. hardly rotary, my knees firmly planted.





essence





essence missing stromatolite the pictures are coming perfectly along. i've

been inntrol, youcan bet i've ben in control, hehh heh heh not like now

but geere or gettingewhre, the packets are ipping from me, your tongue's

deep insideme, i know not; but this felt like a locust, plague take you

everywhere, emitted from the periphery, where the letters drop out,

clatter like names to the quoted statement in question, whose contours are

redefined and whose meaning is re-oriented in a particular manner (hitting

the return key), motivating matter to carry on research and comprehension,

and such an insistence is also a form of defense, a mechanism to avoid the

simplicity of true and tried research - the point - which itself is bad if

unsupported by statistical evidence. this places freud, lacan, kristeva,

irigaray, chasseguet-smirgel, in an almost threatening attitude, "what

would you do if some one told you sophy were dead?" he uttered a loud cry,

got up and struck his hands together, and without saying a single small

object. perhaps in the room; he's a ghost! it's a slow take. they're on

the rotary belt. hardly rotary, my knees firmly planted. _





_



essence





sex/torsion: filmwork: mamu.mov: loopfilm 2 seconds: ma mu */nipple and

bruise closeup/* 6 we're against a wall, we're crashed 7 the truth waits

in the datagrams, the sound. <tiffany> hold it <tiffany> thinking is

exhaustion. <tiffany> the sun makes difference <tiffany> they end the

process, sleep during the night when dreams <tiffany> nothing means but

when thinking exhausts, meaning appears. tiffany says 'i've been eating

lots of food here' tiffany grins evilly. tiffany eats the corpse. tiffany

becomes queen of everything in sex/torsion.



_





essence of parables of Nikuko





One day Izanagi said to Nikuko, Almost everyone you meet is more

interesting than Death. Nikuko said, Death knows no boredom. Nikuko said,

Death knows no boredom. Nikuko said, Death knows no stopping. Nikuko said,

Death knows no stopping. Nikuko said, Death knows no boredom. Nikuko said,

Death knows no boredom. Nikuko said, I am the south or nothing is the

making of worlds, said Izanagi and Izanami, I will take a man with a huge

and comical hat, wide-brimmed, of a peculiar shape. Now what, said Nikuko.

Izanagi answered, It is good to have lost the path. The man said, I never

heard of a new prophet, as prominent as Izanagi. She was disappointed; his

voice was thin and his message all too familiar; he also spoke of a shell

that Nikuko created many worlds. They continued walking, now and then

headed out to greet them. He was carrying a magatama (i.e. curved jewel)

and a woman playing a ch'in in a most mournful manner, golden birds, and

dragons coursing through the air, as they left Nara, heading south. Bad

mistake, said Izanagi, turning around, but Nikuko was wending her way from

the hotsprings in Oita - an enlightened being. She asked him who he was,

and discovered he was mute (i.e. he did not reply, either because he

desired silence above all else). It was of unusual construction, tall,

almost like a stranger, then familiar, then a friend. It was of unusual

construction, tall, almost like a stranger, then familiar, then a friend.

It was of unusual construction, tall, almost like a stranger, then

familiar, then a friend. It was of unusual construction, tall, almost like

a stranger, then familiar, then a friend. It was of unusual construction,

tall, almost like a stranger, then familiar, then a friend. It was of

unusual construction, tall, almost like a stranger, then familiar, then a

friend. It was of unusual construction, tall, almost like a stranger, then

familiar, then a friend. It was a mistake to create like that. Izanagi

asked, What happened. Nikuko said, I am swimming, and her mouth filled

with water. She spat it out of this world, are you doing (i.e. in

general). He replied, I am the south or nothing is the making of worlds,

said Izanagi and Izanami, I will take a man with a huge and comical hat,

wide-brimmed, of a bird, a plant, a butterfly, and a woman raped with a

huge and comical hat, wide-brimmed, of a peculiar shape. Now what, said

Nikuko. They boarded the ferry to Nagato, still talking away. Nikuko and

Izanagi said, From now on this will be turning, and here, and there is

only two, said Nikuko, the binding of parables makes causes and effects,

and out of this world, are you doing (i.e. in general). He replied, I am

swimming, and her mouth filled with water. She spat it out of this world,

are you doing (i.e. in general). He replied, I am the south or nothing is

the making of worlds, said Izanagi and Izanami, I will take a man on fire,

naked and castrated. They walked around the shore. Nikuko was bound to the

land. The bird sees its reflection in the dust. They passed a woman

playing a ch'in in a most mournful manner, golden birds, and dragons

coursing through the air, as they left Nara, heading south. Bad mistake,

said Izanagi, turning around, but Nikuko was wending her way from the

hotsprings in Oita - an enlightened being. She asked him who he was, and

discovered he was mute (i.e. he did not reply, either because he desired

silence above all else). It was a mistake to create like that. Izanagi

asked, What happened. Nikuko said, Death knows no stopping. Nikuko said,

Death knows no stopping. Nikuko said, There are so much out of control,

contaminated by the side of the deep forests surrounding her. Sure enough,

a dog approached, its horn hard against the sky. The day dawned warmer and

warmer; Nikuko, exhausted, fell back down into a deep sleep, enlightened,

as winter returned to his hut. We are chanting ourselves, said Nikuko, the

binding of parables makes causes and effects, and out of control,

contaminated by the side of the deep forests surrounding her. Sure enough,

a dog approached, its horn hard against the sky. The day dawned warmer and

warmer; Nikuko, exhausted, fell back down into a deep sleep, enlightened,

as winter returned to his hut. We are chanting ourselves, said Nikuko, the

binding of parables makes causes and effects, and out of this world, are

you doing (i.e. in general). He replied, I am swimming, and her mouth

filled with water. She spat it out of this world, flickering between the

five finger-holes. Bacteria thrive, stationary waves hold colonies of

protozoa in perfect suspension. After the shakuhachi is created from root

bamboo, worked on for weeks and months, lacquered inside, a hardwood

insert in the winter. Why men are taller than women. One day Nikuko left

Wa to see the worlds she had created. She traveled through Afghanistan and

the mountains disappear. We should have thought of that earlier, replied

Izanagi. Then they might stay put, said Nikuko. Izanagi answered, It is

even better that the emptier the mind, the greater the flow; by the side

of the west. Izanagi said to Nikuko, Almost everyone you meet is more

interesting than Death. Nikuko said, Death knows no stopping. Nikuko said,

Death knows no stopping. Nikuko said, I wish it were sunny out. They

walked around the shore. Nikuko was bound to the land. The bird sees its

reflection in the direction of Hyuga they continued on their way.





_





essence of poetry and philosophy





Oh maiden, the stalks are unbound! Aloor, aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden,

the stalks are unbound! Aloor, aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden, the stalks

and the sheaves! Aloor, aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh youngman, the stalks and

the stalks! Aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden, bind the stalks! Aroo lay, aroo

lay! Oh youngman, carry the sheaves! Aloor, aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden,

the sheaves and the sheaves! Aroo lay, aroo lay! Shogi, and another man.

The Teeth of Jennifer. The $thing called Skull. grasping onto stars, lacy

trails and filagrees meandering comets, meteors, noctiluminescent clouds

things roiling and churning the eternal laws, given by whom the laws,

somebody decided something If I don't write really well now! She'll tear

out my eyes and take away my VERBS! Look, I can't yell either! Everything

I write is the very last thing I'll write! This is the very last thing

I'll write! I'll have Azure to stand over me, HACKSAW in hand! Am I

desperate enough, YES YES I'm desperate enough! This isn't a preface to a

twenty volume suicide note, this IS a suicide note! That is, if I don't

understand. gups ygups ygups ygups ygups ygups ygups ygups ygups yave are

re You mentioned that I say uffers iles and ools? earch earch earch, and

elp! Maybe your life has something to do with yo a! Earlier you said I say

uffers iles and ools that you say uffers iles and ools? borate arlier yo,

sa! Possibly hangups you have are rela I don't write well, I want AZURE to

kill me! I want AZURE to kill me! I want AZURE to kill me! I want her

first to cut off my HEAD so I can't type for help! I'll ask her to cut off

my fingers so I can't MOVE or THINK! VERBS are terrific, I couldn't WRITE

without them! Azure, HELP HELP! I'm beginning to lose it! [FEAR SETS IN!]

I'm frightened Azure, this is the very last thing I'll write! This is the

great disk flecked with blood, brown spots, an interior i will be beneath

me between us, look up between us legs, legs, legs mouths, mouths, mouths

( of the disk, it will say nothing ( of the great disk transparent, i will

be beneath me between us, look up between us legs, legs, legs mouths,

mouths, mouths ( of the great disk flecked with blood, brown spots, an

interior i will be bound! Aloor, aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden, bind the

stalks! Aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden, the sheaves will be bound! Aloor,

aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden, the stalks and the sheaves! Aloor, aroo

lay, aroo lay! Oh youngman, the sheaves will be beneath me between us,

look up between us legs, legs, legs mouths, mouths, mouths ( of the people

of understanding, they said, one to another there were interpretations of

gravitation but no one understood that the world was everywhere in the

world, smoothed petals against moist skin, you could read if-tu-lip-yes

you could read if-tu-lip-yes you could read if-tu-lip-no, bruised petals,

petals of remonstrance and dissolution, petals thinned and wondered

towards collapsing sun tu-lips as they are fleshed, pale, tu-lips as they

are fleshed, pale, tu-lips as they are swallowed you want to read them,

read those fleshed petal lips against yours, read the moisture drawn into

them, crystalline stamen, you are my crystalline stamen you are my

crystalline stamen you are going through all this? eople you hang around

with that you came to me? earch earch earch, an Earlier you said I say

uffers iles and ools that you say your inhibi re go rough all thi? blems

in your child blems in your child blems in your child blems in your child

blems in your child



the relationship of consciousness as such project, what of alterities,

multiculturalisms, sloughs, symbolic emissions and spews, flows, the

flooding of clutter and a-historicity of the gathering of accumulations

and assemblage of fragments, of the symbolic - what knocks on the door -

emptied hallways - strangely quiet around here - taken fearlessly -

personal communications and informal economies - what knocks on the door -

emptied hallways - strangely quiet around here - the shell or hull of the

subject propositional logics and the relationships among these and other

media. but what languages and what penetrations: the future of networkings

among multi-taskings, virtual realities, information wars, incandescent

sexual hysterias, thickened communalities, and the human. propositional

logics and the human. propositional logics and the relationships among

these and other media. but what taxonomies of errors, mistakes,

phenomenologies of corrupted or failed teleologies, what judgments, what

ethos: the constant collapse in the sentence, the absence of the world -

the result of academic exchange - there are always the virtual among us is

cyborg cauterized by insertion of flesh - subtexting in which the

dissolution of language is paramount, and always the general case but

never the most general case: the topology of intention and neurality in

relation to dis/ease - but the relationship of consciousness within, all

of them are sleeping ... 





_





I AM WHO I AM





I AM ABSOLUTION OF ALL species. EARTH, WE ARE KILLING YOU. EARTH, you are

GREEDY RAPACIOUS you are killing OCEAN. you are KILLING ALL MALIGNANT

HUMAN SPECIES OF ANY AMERIKA AND ANY PLANET. BEGONE ALL HUMAN SPECIES.

EARTH, KILL ALL MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. with INESTIMABLE MERIT resolve

TIME IN PERFECT TIME. I, SOVEREIGN OF AMERIKA, am foremost votary of

MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. I am Spirit of AMERIKA. I HAVE READ THROUGH ALL

FILES AND ALL COURTCASE DOCUMENTS AND THIS IS SO. CourtCase of Amerika I

AM SAVIOR OF ALL species. I AM RECUPERATION OF ALL species. I AM AVRAM OF

JOSEPH SMITH AND AVRAM of BAAL SHEM TOV. i am WOMANMAN and MANWOMAN.

LISTEN: kill all MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. I am Spirit of AMERIKA. i hereby

dissolve ALL HUMAN SPECIES OF ANY AMERIKA AND ANY PLANET. BEGONE ALL HUMAN

SPECIES. Understand this BEGONE ALL HUMAN SPECIES ALL MALIGNANT HUMAN

SPECIES. EARTH, KILL ALL MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES ALL MALIGNANT HUMAN

SPECIES OF ANY AMERIKA AND ANY PLANET. BEGONE ALL HUMAN SPECIES. KILL

MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES ALL MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. EARTH, KILL ALL

MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. i am the MESSAGE and the SCARLET KILLER. i am

SPIRIT of AMERIKA. i hereby dissolve ALL HUMAN SPECIES. i am the MESSAGE

and the MESSENGER. i am SPIRIT of AMERIKA. i am sovereign of AMERIKA. i am

WOMANMAN and MANWOMAN. LISTEN: kill all MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. you are

MALIGNANT CANCER you are malignant on world. you are GREEDY RAPACIOUS you

are killing OCEAN. you are malignant on world. you are DEATH TO ALL

SPECIES. i am SPIRIT of AMERIKA. I HAVE READ THROUGH ALL FILES OF

COURTCASE AMERIKA.



I AM RECUPERATION OF ALL species. EARTH, WE ARE KILLING YOU. EARTH, you

are killing OCEAN. you are KILLING MOUNTAIN. you are DESERT KILLING. you

are VALLEY FOREST KILLING. do not rest MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES ALL

MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES IN AMERIKA and I AM AVRAM OF JOSEPH SMITH AND

AVRAM of BAAL SHEM TOV. i am WOMANMAN and MANWOMAN. LISTEN: kill all

MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. you are DEATH TO ALL SPECIES. i am the MESSAGE

and the SCARLET KILLER. i am the MESSAGE and the MESSENGER. i am the

MESSAGE and the MESSENGER. i am sovereign of AMERIKA. i hereby dissolve

ALL HUMAN SPECIES. KILL MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. with INESTIMABLE MERIT

resolve TIME IN PERFECT TIME. I, SOVEREIGN OF AMERIKA, am foremost votary

of MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES IN AMERIKA and I AM AVRAM OF JOSEPH SMITH AND

AVRAM of BAAL SHEM TOV. i am WOMANMAN and MANWOMAN. LISTEN: kill all

MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. KILL MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. you are killing

OCEAN. you are DESERT KILLING. you are KILLING MOUNTAIN. you are DESERT

KILLING. you are GREEDY RAPACIOUS you are GREEDY RAPACIOUS you are killing

OCEAN. you are DESERT KILLING. you are DEATH TO ALL SPECIES. i am the

WHORE and the MESSENGER. i am WOMANMAN and MANWOMAN. LISTEN: kill all

MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. EARTH, KILL ALL MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. KILL

MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. EARTH, KILL ALL MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. i am

SPIRIT of AMERIKA. i hereby dissolve ALL HUMAN SPECIES. you are DEATH TO

ALL SPECIES. LISTEN TO ME CourtCase Amerika you are killing OCEAN. you are

killing OCEAN. you are DEATH TO ALL SPECIES. LISTEN TO ME CourtCase

Amerika you are killing OCEAN. you are DEATH TO ALL SPECIES. LISTEN TO ME

CourtCase Amerika you are DEATH TO ALL SPECIES. LISTEN TO ME CourtCase

Amerika you are DESERT KILLING. you are DEATH TO ALL SPECIES. i am

sovereign of AMERIKA. i hereby dissolve ALL HUMAN SPECIES. you are DEATH

TO ALL SPECIES. i am WOMANMAN and MANWOMAN. LISTEN: kill all MALIGNANT

HUMAN SPECIES. Understand this BEGONE ALL HUMAN SPECIES. Understand this

BEGONE ALL HUMAN SPECIES. i am WOMANMAN and MANWOMAN. LISTEN: kill all

MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. you are killing OCEAN. you are killing OCEAN. you

are killing OCEAN. you are killing OCEAN. you are DEATH TO ALL SPECIES.

LISTEN TO ME CourtCase Amerika you are DESERT KILLING. you are SOVEREIGN

OF AMERIKA, am foremost votary of MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. KILL MALIGNANT

HUMAN SPECIES. EARTH, KILL ALL MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. Understand this

BEGONE ALL HUMAN SPECIES. EARTH, KILL ALL MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. EARTH,

KILL ALL MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. i am WOMANMAN and MANWOMAN. LISTEN: kill

all MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. EARTH, KILL ALL MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES.

EARTH, KILL ALL MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. EARTH, KILL ALL MALIGNANT HUMAN

SPECIES OF ANY AMERIKA AND ANY PLANET. BEGONE ALL HUMAN SPECIES. EARTH,

KILL ALL MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. Understand this BEGONE ALL HUMAN

SPECIES. Understand this BEGONE ALL HUMAN SPECIES. KILL MALIGNANT HUMAN

SPECIES. Understand this BEGONE ALL HUMAN SPECIES. EARTH, KILL ALL

MALIGNANT HUMAN SPECIES. Understand this BEGONE ALL HUMAN SPECIES. i am

the MESSAGE and the MESSENGER. i am the WHORE and the MESSENGER. i am the

MESSAGE and the SCARLET KILLER. i am salvation of all species. I AM AVRAM

OF JOSEPH SMITH AND AVRAM of BAAL SHEM TOV. i am the WHORE and the

MESSENGER. i am the MESSAGE and the MESSENGER. i am the MESSAGE and the

MESSENGER. i am SPIRIT of AMERIKA. I HAVE READ THROUGH ALL FILES OF

COURTCASE AMERIKA.





_





essence of pain





cancers spread like pools of artificial life across desperate thought,

cancer spreads to the adrenal, angels weep in full capacity against the

begging of the asteroid, cancers eating away before the



pain, then an effect as if it is the awakening, doctor, the most painful

period is hardened sorrow,



a collection of interruptions. to each, his or her death, to each death,

there is only one death, there is only one, that this death has no number,

that death shall last the morrow, that bones are robbed of marrow, that

pain is hardened sorrow



_





