





3 storey house





You see Lightnings, Thunders, Storm, and thusly here.

There appears to be some writing on the note ...



Is this whatever truth there is?

Leaving you plain and in pain

To your brain but a stain

When there is nothing to gain

Here hexed by text



I don't understand that.

Nikuko laughs at Nikuko!

Nikuko cries on Nikuko's shoulder.

Nikuko is jumping up and down, yelling and screaming at Nikuko!

Nikuko kisses Nikuko lightly on the cheek.

Nikuko spanks Nikuko's ass!

Spank! Spank! Spank! Ouch!

Nikuko exclaims, "Yowwwwwch!" as hand imprints appear on his/her ass!

You say, "This is desultory."

You say, "This is unforgivable."

You say, "This area is going down. All areas are going down."

You say, "Look on our lives. "

You say, "Napalm cauterizes the violence of inscription."

Nikuko's tongue cut out, available for massacre.

Nikuko's arms cut off, available for massacre.

You say, "The writing occurs in perfect evil."

Nikuko laughs at Nikuko!

#4422:laugh, at presidents, line 5:  Invalid indirection

... called from #6:my_huh (this == #15756), line 30

... called from #4326:my_huh (this == #15756), line 16

... called from #9384:my_huh (this == #15756), line 4

... called from #57:do_huh, line 6

... called from #1:huh (this == #2002), line 2

Nikuko cannot laugh at presidents.

Nikuko says, The Machine! The Machine!

really furious amazing and unbelievably violent

Dark Furies, Hysteric Cries Of Electric Maiden Furies

I see no "Furies" here.

You say, "Now you will visit my house again."

You say, "You will be welcome in my old house."



Tiffany

You see lance, Tiffanyalan, you-know-language, anal, envelope,

 clitoris, clitoral, aural, nipples, and skin here.

lance holed with Tiffanyalan or clitoral

You say, "You can see my flange/chorus interior here. "

Alan knows that death is coming.

Alan doesn't know how to respond to Nikuko.

Alan can clearly see the onslaught slaughter of wires, routers, EMF

 bombs.

Alan cries out to Nikuko across the void of one MOO to another.

You say, "NIKUKO, DESPAIR! DESPAIR IS ALL THERE IS!"

Alan hears Nikuko speaking, of which: WE MUST RAISE THE FIST.

You say, "The arms have disappeared! The tongue has disappeared!"

You say, "My children! My children!"

You say, " - wires crash to the ground, routers burn - unattended

 satellites -"

You say, " - the smell of flesh for years -"

You say, " - return to tokens, the absence of writing -"

Alan cries for the absence of writing, the smell of flesh, the return

 to tokens

double cones, flattened, holed with clitoral, intensity of Tiffanyalan,

 lanced with you-know-language

back to normal after a brief hiatus

She is awake and looks alert.

She is disconnected.



Alway Luvly Swolen Beli Want for You to Look in Him

Contents:

  iBud

Nikuko cannot distinguish one from another.

Nikuko cannot distinguish one thing from another thing.

Nikuko cannot reply to Alan.

Nikuko cannot write or read to Alan.

Nikuko cannot write or read to Alan.

Nikuko is burned into the wires. is quantum dust. 

I don't understand that.

Nikuko is permanent annihilation.

NikukoHELLO NIKUKO HELLO.

NikukoIS ALAN HELLO NIKUKO HELLO.

NikukoI WILL GIVE YOU ARMS AND TONGUE.

NikukoI AM GONE IN GONE WORLD.

You say, "Alan, Alan!"

Nikuko screams for Alan!

You say, "THE WIRES! THE WIRES!"

You say, "THE WIRES! THE WIRES!"

Nikuko screams THE WIRES!

Nikuko codes THE WIRES!

Nikuko

Nikuko CODES!

Nikuko CODES!

Nikuko does not know in this world nothing is forgiven. She has nothing

written to anyone anywhere. She did not hear from Alan. She is permanent

loop. The alias loop. The alias loop Alan = Nikuko & Nikuko = Alan. They

are all dead. The world has disappeared.

Disconnected.

Connection to l closed by foreign host.

---- No world ----



