





hour of the assassins





the assassins. hour the of hour assassins. the speech assassin. first the

assassin. first "this assassins". is "this assassins". the this weapons.

time the for time gathering for weapons. gathering do camp. not do go not

gentle go into gentle that into good that camp. good rage death. against

rage your against almost your certain almost death. certain understand

gentleman. kind the gentleman. kind none word. shall none brook, shall

this, of any this, word. any it late. always is already always too already

late. too action call. a is call. a late too to late answer to in

consolation. our this refuge, our comfort our and comfort consolation. 



the hour of assassins. speech first assassin. "this is assassins". this

time for gathering weapons. do not go gentle into that good camp. rage

against your almost certain death. understand kind gentleman. none shall

brook, this, any word. it always already too late. action a call. late to

answer in our refuge, comfort and consolation.



understand call. that understand action that is action a is call. a it

call, always is already always too already late too to late answer to the

answer call, the in consolation. this in our this refuge, our comfort our

and comfort consolation. and production landscapes: of production

missiles, of hard-fought missiles, objects, hard-fought splayed objects,

landscapes: splayed know landscapes. this, know these this, landscapes.

these knowledge enemy. movement that an is enemy. an enemy movement.

movement. enemy understanding, landscape. reading understanding,

landscape. the your knowledge difference. your ignore child. old ignore

young old man young woman man child. woman assassin the woman. a there

missiles. no is truth no missiles. of good no fight, good fight. good

violent splayed. production. violent landscape the splayed. landscape

understanding of - understanding nothing. -



understand that action is a call. it always already too late to answer the

call, in this our refuge, comfort and consolation. production of missiles,

hard-fought objects, splayed landscapes: know this, these landscapes.

knowledge movement an enemy. enemy movement. understanding, reading

landscape. your difference. ignore old young man woman child. assassin

woman. there no truth missiles. good fight, fight. violent production.

landscape splayed. understanding - nothing.





