





From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@PANIX.COM>

Reply-To: UB Poetics discussion group <POETICS@LISTSERV.ACSU.BUFFALO.EDU>

To: POETICS@LISTSERV.ACSU.BUFFALO.EDU

Subject: Re: The Meaninglessness of Meaninglessness



One thing of interest here - at least for me it touches on the methodology

I'll employ at times - is Eliza and the ability to rework Eliza. Eliza is

available in emacs (under 'doctor'), and it's possible to go into the

doctor program itself, and alter things - I rewrote it as a Nikuko text -

which I then used as a catalyst for producing work and answers in relation

to a litany of seduction that was the final result. Chance operations,

expert programs, are there for the modification/transformation - a MOO is

of course the best-known example of that. And all of this is tremendously

exciting - the ability to take a world and remake it, to create a

dialectic between one's own desires and interests, and what the machinic

is bringing to life. The conflict or coherence that results becomes part

and parcel of the content; it's neither one way nor another.



The same goes for chance operations - the julu/julua/parent/etc. perl

scripts I use as catalysts for writing on occasion all have vocabulary

which I can change - even create a work within the vocabulary itself. This

modification leads to a similar dialectic. Even awk scripts can be used in

this way - I can write a text in which each line is a letter or dipthong

substitute, for example, then begin with a shorter ur-text that organizes

the other.



None of this means that the result has to be final, unless there is a

reason, aesthetic or philosophical, to give the result up to the machine.

But it provides a way to see in/through/ structure, to accommodate and

critique structure, to even create a political economy of structure (as

the 'character essay' pieces I make, do - since each word + its punctua-

tion is used only once).



The world is violent, extraordinary, filled with wonder, noisy, ahd

chaotic (both in the strict senses of the terms); working with these

elements is, in part, an attempt to make, proclaim, enunciate, meaning and

a sememe within forces that are somewhat beyond our control.



To answer another question - the philosophy of publishing daily - this is

a philosophy of distribution; the writing is done online, using online

programs that I write or modify; I write in a shell account, which means

there are up to a hundred other users on the same machine - I can see what

they're doing - and the distribution, like the production, is naturally

electronic. Rightly or wrongly, I also see my work as central to the

subject - Poetics - of this list; for example, the MOO piece sent out the

day before yesterday with the result of interacting with three MOOs in

turn - on two of them, I was Nikuko, and on one, Alan - and so the dialog

spread across domains and worlds. And in the other piece, the same day,

the one dealing with mutilation - I did a series of "greps" on my entire

body of work - all of the online texts I've written since 1994 - and

pulled out the lines with "mutilat" in them; these lines were then

arranged and modified in accordance with current politics, which are a

horror that must be stopped at any cost. And this way of working - harves-

ting previous work, looking for patterns, etc. - is similar to a kind of

dream interpretation - reading through a huge mind-storm of material,

finding the thinking-structures, topic-based, analyzing them, working with

them, opening them up once again. This harvesting is entirely computer-

dependent; what I did would take a week to do manually, for example.



All of this - moving among virtual worlds, distributing on the fly,

harvesting the work of previous writing - seems to me highly germane to

the topics of this list - collusions among distribution systems,

protocols, computers, programs, routers, bodies of previously-written

work, online virtual worlds, etc. -



- Alan, wandering





