





Runner





I wish to kill the runner of this game.

Please answer the question.



No Please answer the question. no



You are standing at the end of a road before a small brick building.

Around you is a forest.  A small stream flows out of the building and down

a gully. Where is the runner of this game?

I don't understand that! where is the runner of this game?

I don't know that word. what is the meaning of this word?

I don't know that word. kill that word

I don't know that word. kill everything

I don't understand that! kill anything inside your skull

I don't understand that! go down the stream and down the gully



You are in a valley in the forest beside a stream tumbling along a rocky

bed. kill everything in the gully



I don't know that word. drown in stream

I don't know that word. swim stream

I don't know how. cross stream

I don't know how to apply that word here.



You're in valley. do something here

I don't know that word. something here

I don't know that word. go go what? go who



I don't know that word. go where where what? where go go what? go where

where what? with what . go with keys



What? take keys I see no keys here take gully

I don't know how to apply that word here.



You're in valley. take valley

I don't know how to apply that word here.



You're in valley. kill valley

I don't know how to apply that word here.

You're in valley. kill gully

I don't know how to apply that word here.



You are in a valley in the forest beside a stream tumbling along a rocky

bed. drink stream

I don't know how to apply that word here.



You're in valley. fall in stream

What?

in the stream. fall in the stream.



I don't know in from out here.  Use compass points or name something

in the general direction you want to go.



You're in valley. oh, compass points. 

I don't know that word. north-east

You're at end of road again. north 

You are in open forest, with a deep valley to one side. 

north You're in forest. north



You're in forest. eat valley

You're in valley. eat forest

You're in forest. kill forest



You are in open forest near both a valley and a road. kill road



You're at end of road again. burn road



I don't know that word. i am the assassin. i will kill every evil man. all

men here are evil. all men here are runners.



I don't know that word. what word

I don't know that word. word

I don't know that word. what

I don't know that word. okay. i am the assassin. i will take road

I don't know that word. take road



You have walked up a hill, still in the forest.  The road slopes back

down the other side of the hill.  There is a building in the distance.

burn down building



I don't know that word. enter building



You're at end of road again. 

where 

where what? burn down road.



I don't understand that! i am the assassin who will burn down road!



I don't know that word. what word?



I don't know that word. I will break you!



What? Why not?



I don't understand that! I am looking for weapons. I will destroy people

who make war.



I don't understand that! This is war. I am the assassin.



I don't know that word. kill

There is nothing here to attack. kill

There is nothing here to attack. kill

There is nothing here to attack. quit



Do you really want to quit now?

kill

Please answer the question.

Do you really want to quit now?

kill

Please answer the question.

Do you really want to quit now?

kill

Please answer the question.

Do you really want to quit now?

Please answer the question.

Do you really want to quit now?





