


poor

 
i've got a pixel missing on this machine, it's always on, it's always blue
- another's always white - double-star system - dear god - you look up -
you're always there in the stars - you know you're saving everyone - you
know there's reason for all this evil in the world - i'm your secret
friend - i can't get enough of you - you enter my very soul - they're
leaping now from tall buildings - they're burning in fires on the ground -
they're hanging from the trees - they're divided among others - they can't
think very well - dear god - you must save us - all the hurting people -
people fighting and starving - people killing and being killed - so many
sick and dying people - so many animals too and plants too - the screen
stares at me, punctured or fissured; the screen carries its own after-
effects, nimbus and aureole of light - you write on blue against black,
black against gray, yellow against blue - the colors of the troposphere -
sun glaring at all of us - it doesn't know any better - dear god, please
do hide the sun, it is so troublesome for so many of your lowly creatures,
it casts light where there is none, nothing remains of the light, shadows
am too bright, the glare too dark, in the corners many eyes see, many eyes
are blinded - may the sky welcome us - even just against my skin i can
hear them - the computer next to me breathing heavily - producing
animations of untoward, ungodly things - things that everyone desires -
there's a raging storm outside - lasting the batteries - until the frame -
until the last frame - is done, completed - the world going by at twelve
frames a second - you can't imagine - you can't see - you wouldn't believe
- dear god, complementary colors burning into me, i can't speak to you any
more like this, my head is reeling, you must ascend to us - oh, nothing?,
what could possibly be meant - the passage - eternal writing - the
murmuring growing louder - the sounds, furious - Karl loved Gertrud - he
wove his phenomenology around her - she was his star - the indescribable
Cipher of engagement for the two of them - writing them into the ground -
at the limits - dear god, please help Karl and Gertrud - is it always too
late - is sanction the very last thing before the eyes close - we are, we
are losing, worlds - too many wounded - the battle can't go on much longer
- both machines running fans at full-tilt - it isn't enough - the
animation slowing - almost to a halt - i'd settle for grays - zig-zags
across the eyes - dear god, do please listen, i will not thank you, i will
never thank you, you have never done enough, you have never even started -
all the animals burned and buried - the fury of humans, their slaughter -

unsleeping - the screen almost illegible - double-time fans - furious
productions - something freezes, crashes, topples, all those poor people
leaping from the building -



==



The writing


k 1 telnet 127.0.0.1 3000
Trying 127.0.0.1...
Connected to 127.0.0.1.
Escape character is '^]'.

Welcoming

> New arrival from clara on line 4.
/n Karl
> Name set.
> New arrival from clara on line 5.

(5) Gertrud says, "Karl, are you here?"

Yes, Gertrud, I am here; this is writing on the wall, evanescent writing.
(4) Karl says, "Yes, Gertrud, I am here; this is writing on the wall,
evanescent writing."

(5) Gertrud says, "I see the words, but I do not see the hand that writes
them."

It is the same for me. Of those who were weeded out, it is the same for
all of us.
(4) Karl says, "It is the same for me. Of those who were weeded out, it is
the same for all of us."

(5) Gertrud says, "The words read the words; the words write them."

The words, reading and writing one another. As if they are the last words.
(4) Karl says, "The words, reading and writing one another. As if they are
the last words."

(5) Gertrud says, "The only words in this space, the only conceivable
words."

A permanent cipher, nothing of reading, nothing of writing.
(4) Karl says, "A permanent cipher, nothing of reading, nothing of writing."

(5) Gertrud says, "Nothing of translation, of audience; nothing of
comprehension."

What we have to say to one another,
(4) Karl says, "What we have to say to one another,"

(5) Gertrud says, "The words already speaking"

The words already spoken-for
(4) Karl says, "The words already spoken-for"

(5) Gertrud says, "Of longings, yearnings, of good-byes"

Of leaving our signs for one another
(4) Karl says, "Of leaving our signs for one another"

(5) Gertrud says, "Of meetings elsewhere than this evanescent space, this
space of ghosts."

Everywhere and nowhere at all, this
(4) Karl says, "Everywhere and nowhere at all, this"

(5) Gertrud says, "Permanent communion, this"

sign ...
(4) Karl says, "sign ..."


> The conversations you have seen here are not real, they
> are trapped in a world between reality and computer nets...

Connection closed by foreign host.


