

we are.

are mounting the we jacket. are jacket jacket on on woman. woman. is
victorian victorian and and the woman is now. the turned and now the i am
filming i in am window. in she looking she from is removing the water
water rushing rushing everywhere everywhere within within a a bruised
bruised sphere. sphere. unidentified unidentified objects objects
duplicate duplicate body body of of breasts breasts hair hair face.

would i be would that be trilby. that into into night night window from
black and without. is woman, body neck the carefully carefully folding.
folding. against of folding jacket. trilby, my my is singing woman.
without without there there singing. singing. out.

we are.
we are mounting the jacket.
we are mounting the jacket on the woman.
the jacket is victorian and the woman is now.
the jacket is turned now and the woman is now.
i am filming in the window.
she is looking from the woman.
she is removing the jacket looking from the window.
water is rushing everywhere within a bruised sphere.
unidentified objects duplicate the body of the woman.
duplicate the jacket of the woman.
duplicate the breasts and hair of the woman.
duplicate the face.

i would be that woman that trilby.
i would be that woman looking from the window.
into the night i would be that woman.
the window is black from within and the woman from without.
i would be that woman from without.
the breasts of the woman, the neck and body of the woman.
the victorian jacket of the woman carefully folding.
against the body of the woman, the folding of the jacket.
trilby, she is my woman, she is singing within the woman.
within and without the woman, there is singing.
there is the singing of the woman and the jacket.
the woman looking out.
we are.

we are.

are are mounting jacket the jacket jacket. on jacket woman. on are woman.
the is jacket. victorian now. and turned woman the now. am turned
victorian now and i woman am is filming she in she window. is she the
looking water from i removing am water in rushing everywhere everywhere
within within a a bruised bruised rushing sphere. bruised unidentified
sphere. objects unidentified duplicate body body of of breasts breasts
hair hair duplicate face. body would trilby. be into that night trilby.
window into would night be window that black is without. body woman, the
neck carefully carefully black folding. without. against jacket. folding
my trilby, is my singing singing against without there without singing.
there out. singing.

