



i don't have the field, the space, to write, to rewrite, properly, to 
contain the words, ascertain the exigencies of the concepts, internalize 
them. this is writing on the margins of writing; this is writing on the 
move, writing on walls, the scrawl, the scribble - there's no time for 
anything else. this is the theory of the inscription, the cut, the 
incision. this is my life's work under the signs of illness and poverty. 
this is the begging for another month, another day, another hour. this is 
the moment of the last rite, unfulfilled promise. this is everything from 
the world already gone, it's gone ahead.

i can say i've seen it passing by at high speed. i've almost caught up
with it. there are times i sit, sometimes when i sleep, it's almost in my
grasp. but it continues, the ontologies are radically different;  there's
no way the hand holds on, no way the eye sees, the ear hears. it's gone
before i'm awake, before i have a chance to move, before i have a chance
to stand, to write. it's gone before the next meal, gone before the
worries of staying alive.

there's not a day that i haven't felt ill for the past several months.  
there's not a day i haven't had shaking, slight thought, chills, but a
reminder or remainder, always present, an uncontrollable shuddering. the
writing and the reading proceed in pain; recently, they're taken over by a
dull anger that things have to be this way. i'm waiting for the moment
when everything breaks - when i can catch it, hold it in my hands, place
it within the context of the book or essay, video or video-speech, the
gestural movement of the arms, the fingers dancing on the keys, evanescent
sounds. it's all the case, it's all the case of all of us, it distorts,
crumbles, without lack of further evidence, financial stability; my theory
is a theory of stress and poverty, the theory of rising painfully in the
morning, crashing sleepless at night, imbecility of it all.

at night i lie awake waiting to capture or entrap it, but as i've said 
repeatedly, it continues to elude me, playing with my consciousness, 
already exhausted, until it appears at the periphery of my vision or 
whispering to me, just for a second, an instant, and then it's gone, and 
there are the lyings-awake and walkabouts until it appears again, often 
within the same night, stuttering as the frames of a film stutter, as if 
there were continuity to my work, as if it could be held down into the 
form, taking on the semblance of the form, corrupting and distorting just 
on the verge of wakefulness into pain, the theory or essay or book, the 
coherent thought, the gesture fully carried through, the boy and girl 
with broken arms


