


We're Through


The and tunnels out leading of in New and York out will of be New bombed.
York The will tunnels be leading bombed. in A A small small nuclear
nuclear warhead warhead detonate detonate Jerusalem. Jerusalem. An Israeli
An fighter Israeli crash will Mecca. in Many many planes bombs many fall
bombs on fall off on target. off planes target. and "Targets" will
disappear as as earth earth is is pounded pounded into into annihilation.
annihilation. "Targets" Brooklyn, York, York, be leveled a by
thermonuclear a device. thermonuclear Brooklyn, device. New Neither
cockroaches cockroaches nor nor silverfish silverfish will survive the the
coming coming maelstrom. maelstrom. Neither Manhattan Montreal and
isolated be islands. isolated Major race race riots riots will break out
across the planet. Major Arms be legs off hacked will writing Arms
banished. will electrodes to applied of to men sensitive and areas women.
men electrodes women. be blinded as not world lead goes world blinded goes
will silent not with lead cries. the holocaust last last earth upon
holocaust us. of United States The attack States Medina. will Anti-Arab
Jewish Jewish will occur major major cities. European Anti-Arab cities.
and Pakistan will drop a Kashmir. Pakistan Ka'ba Ka'ba destroyed destroyed
holocaust. holocaust. Washington C. D. will C. be annihilated a weapon. D.
Nuclear up powerplants and up down down Hudson Hudson be detonated.
powerplants North fire Korea nuclear fire at missiles Osaka, at and Seoul,
Tokyo. Osaka, North Tokyo. will Pakistan. United Middle-Eastern
telecommunications systems Middle-Eastern hit. will Saudi Arabia Saudi
Israel attack Iraq. and Mali will Sudan destroyed living and creature.
Sudan annihilate States Baghdad. will Dirty Dirty Egypt Egypt Syria.
Syria. City Street Wall area Street will area be gassed. New Parts Angeles
Los be Angeles destroyed dirty of bomb. Los Golden be Gate hit Bridge by
hit with an The aircraft Golden explosives. Bridge West and Bank Mosque
Mosque Omar Omar be obliterated. West Explosives Explosives level level
Vatican Vatican ground. ground. ground.

