


Terror


We are are absolutely absolutely going going to to be be destroyed,
destroyed, Jennifer Jennifer said

said

We Using attribution the of attribution quotes of makes quotes it makes
easier, it Nikuko easier, replied

Nikuko Using replied

the No quotes then, said said Jennifer

Jennifer
 We're We're off, off, said Nikuko

No New is York a is city a in city perpetual in anxiety perpetual and
anxiety mourning

and New mourning

York One dominates sniper hundreds dominates of hundreds square square of
miles curtailed curtailed One activity

sniper The world world hates hates the United States, States, which which
lies lies constantly

constantly

The There in evil will will coupled destroy suicide

coupled There with is suicide

evil or well another rule religion the may ruins well of rule the ruins
One planet

religion Every await day the we nuclear await holocaust nuclear come,
holocaust Jennifer come, Every This This no no time time for for
attribution, attribution, carry carry face face disease disease
destruction

destruction

Biogenetics Biogenetics guarantees guarantees virulence virulence
remaining remaining Capital now Capital drives now itself drives heedless
itself consumers

of pours every into remaining every interstice; interstice; is there no
escape

pours can apocalypse scribble over apocalypse over over again, again, One
It It difference difference at at all, all, Then Then softens softens
blows blows needlessly, needlessly, What is, we're said saying Nikuko is,
and together, What then we're laughed

saying

We are absolutely going to be destroyed, Jennifer said.
Using the attribution of quotes makes it easier, Nikuko replied.
No quotes then, said Jennifer. We're off, said Nikuko.
There is evil in the will to destroy coupled with suicide.
Every day we await the nuclear holocaust to come, Jennifer said.
This is no time for attribution, Nikuko replied.
We carry the face of disease and destruction.
One can scribble the apocalypse over and over again, Nikuko said.
It makes no difference at all, Jennifer replied.
Then attribution softens the blows needlessly, Nikuko said.
What we're saying is, said Nikuko and Jennifer together, then laughed.


