


apocalypse and others


apocalypse

these are the end-days; make no mistake about it. this is neither rumor 
nor prediction, although i have participated in both; it is a careful 
extrapolation from the facts, the proliferation of nuclear and biochemical 
weapons, increasing world-wide fanaticisms, and exponential depletion of 
resources, both natural and artificial. we are witnessing an armageddon 
that began millennia ago, the fascination with divinely-given truths that 
efface all other considerations. my writing is the writing of the apocal- 
ypse, and it is the reading of the apocalypse as well. the filters have 
become the content; we are doomed, just as we continue to be doomed to 
play out our literary games among the havoc.


body-scan

1 camera moving in raster formation across still background image
 a. camera focused ahead on raster track
 b. camera focused down on raster track
2 background image cyclic sheaf of still images - victorian azure
partially in and out of costume
3 interferences along the path of the camera focused ahead
4 interferences beneath the path of the camera focused down
5 video-texture-mapping on interferences
 a. 'mocking interferences' following camera
 b. ding-an-sich interferences ignoring camera
 c. deliberately occluding interferences beneath or ahead of camera
    1 opaque interferences
    2 translucent or transparent interferences
6 particle interferences - disks with 'win' texture mapping setting
7 camera within transparent particle along same path (parenting)
8 ends w/ full-scan or continues w/ cyclic scan


sondheim patent blanket

the sondheim patent blanket, 7' circular diameter, non-allergenic insulat-
ing substance, fully covers the user. there are two types: passive and
active. the passive blanket has micro-miniature gas-exchange valves,
allowing the flow of oxygen around an 18" diameter area. the active 
blanket has a small pump, warming incoming air to the interior temperature 
- the effect is a slow movement of air throughout. the sondheim patent 
blanket serves the function of a small blanket placed over a cat; it 
creates a womb-like environment, cutting back light and sound, warming the 
body, and allowing sleep which otherwise might be too susceptible to the 
elements. the sondheim patent blanket is under development.


