


THESE LIARS MUST BE CRUELLY SMASHED.
THESE LIARS ARE NOT MY FRIENDS.
THESE LIARS HAVE NEVER BEEN MY FRIENDS.
THESE LIARS WILL ROAST IN HELL.
THESE LIARS ARE EVIL.


This mail is from your friends at Bargain Blizzard. To stop receiving
special offers, coupons, and discounts from Bargain Blizzard, click here

You are receiving this email from Aseeker.com because you opted-in to
receive special offers through a partner website. If you feel you have
received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special
offers, please email to support@aseeker.com with "Remove" as your subject
line to unsubscribe.

As promised, we reserved your position in our program.
If you have already confirmed your position
use the REMOVAL link the bottom of this email.

We're holding your spot and we have people who are waiting
to be placed under you. You need to confirm right away
if you have not done so already. We'll notify you when you
have a comission check waiting

You must confirm your position immediately or you'll lose
the customers who are waiting to be placed under you.

Your privacy is extremely important to us. You requested to receive
this mailing, by registering at eLuckyDay.com or by subscribing
through one of our marketing partners. As a leader in permission-based
email marketing, we are committed to delivering a highly rewarding
experience, with offers that include bargains, entertainment, and
money-making ideas.

You received this email because you signed up at one of Virtumundo's
websites or you signed up with a party that has contracted with
Virtumundo.

             Your Private Mail Box
             You've Recieved this mail service Via Request
             Your Mail Address has been Supplied to us
             because you have Subscribed to a Membership Based Website in 
             the past.
             if you no longer require Your Personal Mail Service
             Simply

This email was sent to sondheim@panix.com by SimpliCity, because you are
a member of SimpliCity or you signed up with one of our marketing
partners.

You are receiving this mailing because you opted in via 24houroffers.com
                             and affiliated sites.

 You are receiving this
email from OfferWarehouse.com because you opted-in to receive special
offers through a partner website. If you feel you have received this
email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers,
please follow the unsubscribe directions at the bottom of this email.

We respect your privacy. If you received this message in error or you do
not want to receive our messages in future, please Send us e-mail back
with remove on the subject file, and please indicate your RECEIVING
ADDRESS so we can cancel your subscription. Tanks

Dear Subscriber: Please take time to read the following. We value our
many subscribers and want to provide the Best possible service. Our
newsletter is changing servers and we feel a move to enhance our
Newsletter is for the better right now. We ask our Loyal readers who wish
to remain with us and continue to receive the StockPlayer newsletter, you
must sign up again on the following to opt -in to our data base of
readers.

You received this email because you signed up at one of Consumer Venue's
partner websites or you signed up with a party that has contracted with
Consumer Venue.

You are receiving this email because you have opted-in to receive
email from publisher: awesomeoffers. 

You received this email because you opted to receive the Gossip Flash
Newsletter through one of our valued partners. If you believe you received
this message in error or would no longer like to receive this email simply
click here.

The following gift or special offer was sent to you as a subscriber of
eUniverse. We will continue to bring you valuable offers on products and
                        services that interest you most.

   This mail is from your friends at Cosmic Offers. To stop receiving
   special offers, coupons, and discounts from Cosmic Offers, click here

The following message was sent to you as an opt-in subscriber to
EmailStimulator or its affiliates. We will continue to bring you valuable
offers on the products and services that interest you most. To no longer
receive these offers, please click here.Unsubscribe.

      If you previously asked to be excluded from Resource Source Masters
product offerings and solicitations, we apologize for this e-mail. Every
       effort was made to ensure that you were excluded from this e-mail.
     However, if Resource Source Masters does not have your current e-mail
address in their database, they are unable to prevent this e-mail from
      reaching you. If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mail from
                      Resource Source Masters, CLICK HERE

 The preceding message was sent to you as an opt-in subscriber to
        DealSweeps. We will continue to bring you valuable offers on the
products and services that interest you most. If you wish to unsubscribe
                               please click here:

 Your privacy is extremely important to us. You requested to receive this
 mailing, by registering at Your-Special-Offers or by subscribing through
                         one of our marketing partners.

 This message was not sent unsolicited. You are currently
            subscribed to the Open2win mailing list. If you wish to
                 unsubscribe from our mailing list, Click here

You have received this email because you visited our site or a partner
site and commenced registration to receive our newsletter. If you have
received this email in error or would like to unsubscribe, please follow
the instructions below. We take great care in removing subscribers in a
timely manner.


