



Poetry the Configuration of Truths


the sentiments in poetry are meant to be taken at face value, how shall i 
hate thee, i'm heading towards heaven, i think i shall see, even language 
poetry presents phrasing whose meaning can be taken literally or perform- 
atively. so what you say. i say that by its very deflection into the 
horrors of language, poetry tells truths, largely through diminution, or 
the placing of facts in a problematic world. poetry is our great mirror; 
we use it to express the world in its fullness, as in the totality of the 
novel - the intensity of the language brings out anomalies. it goes down 
sweetly; people often read poetry for its truths and exalted descent into 
language. everyday language is never enough; we need examine it, bury 
ourselves in it. every poem is innocent, every poem fetishizes the real in 
pristine clarity.

"O ever present in my view! My wafted spirit is with you, And soothes your 
boding fears: I see you all oppressed with gloom Sit lonely in that 
cheerless room-- Ah me! You are in tears!" (S.T.C) if ever present, then
the language is redolent of the truth of faithfulness, a second-sight or 
ectoplasm. he has gained a spirit which enhances her own. she is captiva- 
ted, enthralled; he is her primordial origin. this is the difficult truth 
which only poetry can capture. think now of the fecundity of contemporary 
poetry. surely it lives within the truth of performativity; everything 
happens, everything has happened. poetry counteracts the engineering of 
the concrete, revealing the truth beneath the surface of empty structure.
 
poetry cultivates our morals, presents true sentiments, behaves as thera- 
peutic infiltrating our body politic. Plato was wrong, not by virtue of 
the Apollonian; it's the Dionysian truth that emerges, voluptuously, from 
within. better to live in the world of poetic truth, than the falsities of 
docudrama, contemporary news media, or popular novels. poetry allows all 
of us to refine our sentience; if it were not for poetry, Coleridge, and 
the rest of us, would have remained permanently mad.

thus poetry is a cornucopia of truths, and should be read and practiced by 
everyone, all of us who live in this world, with clear vision towards the 
next.



