



beating myself up


it's only my boorishness that carries me along. no one likes my work. my 
friends support me. my work's terrible, awkward, out of line, too porno- 
graphic, too tiresome. it fosters false debates. it does nothing for 
anyone who doesn't know me. i'm not invited to readings or group screen- 
ings and when i have a screening the film/video community doesn't show and 
in town i don't do readings. i've given and given to the community; i've 
broken my back for it; i've curated myself in atlanta and new york and 
i've edited people's work in anthologies and showed their work in media 
venues and brought them to schools and i'm still out here penurious and 
grotty and besides myself with heinous anger and an inability to focus or 
crash except by hurting myself and refusing to carry on the video or film 
or other medium that no one wants to see anyway. i have a reputation for 
aggression and spamming and getting in everybody's way and dissing the 
purity of free exchange and besmirching it and were it not for this my 
work would die moribund on the bottom of the ocean where better it lie.
i lose friends over my depression and the ilk of my work proceeding in 
fits and starts and self-hatred which is my own little cultivated realm 
which is what i have to offer. i am constantly jealous of success of 
everyone and wish for my own success and it does not come. my friends go 
to openings for themselves and screenings at big international festivals 
and i walk around with tiny minidvs strapped to my back saying 'please 
won't you look at this' 'please won't you buy this' 'take my heinous tiny 
wares and do with them what you might.' i have offered my filmwork to 
anyone who might reuse the stock as slug or cutup for other students while 
it sits moribund in public storage where anyone can look at it and no one 
does i think because i get no records from the place that would even hint 
at a screening. i am not boorish there because i have given up there on 
the film because i know where i am not wanted and the only thing to do is 
give up on that heinous business and continue in heinous pecuniary loss 
and anxiety because that is all i am given in life because i do not get 
grants because i am not within any community. in fact the last real grant 
i received was over a quarter of a century ago and if i could only return 
then i would not be so boorish perhaps but i would be because it is in my 
nature to be unlikable and whining continually although other people say i 
have full victory over my failings i do not. 

nuclear
death clout

appeared
prepared
reaped
rapped
pare
rape
pe
ar


