


chado


tea the scoop node chashaku then broken into at grooved towards scoop:
from bend to groove (where joint), torsion is, or a tension matcha, -
tendency air-borne occupany bowl of (chawan), tensor focusing striations
on joint, where moment stoop occurs, air slight and brush slow-breeze
particles stirring tree woman two _beneath_ branches crown mouth peace dry
one harmony ten even flat

tea the scoop node chashaku then broken into at grooved towards scoop:
from bend to groove (where joint), torsion is, or a tension matcha, -
tendency air-borne occupany bowl of (chawan), tensor focusing striations
on joint, where moment stoop occurs, air slight and brush slow-breeze
particles stirring tree woman two _beneath_ branches crown mouth peace dry
one harmony ten even flat

tea the scoop node chashaku then broken into at grooved the towards node
the then scoop: into tea grooved scoop towards chashaku scoop:  at from
bend to at groove the (where joint), bend torsion is, or joint), to a
groove torsion (where or the tension matcha, - tendency air-borne towards
matcha, the tendency occupany occupany bowl of tension bowl air-borne
(chawan), tensor focusing striations on of tensor joint, striations where
joint, (chawan), where focusing moment the stoop of occurs, air slight and
brush slow-breeze air of and particles slow-breeze of stirring stoop
particles slight tree woman two _beneath_ branches crown mouth tree peace
two dry branches one mouth harmony woman peace _beneath_ dry crown one or
ten even flat and

tea scoop chashaku broken at the node then into grooved towards the scoop:  
from node to groove (where the bend is, at the joint), a torsion or
tension - air-borne matcha, tendency towards the occupany of the bowl
(chawan), focusing on the tensor striations of the joint, where the moment
of stoop occurs, slight brush of air and slow-breeze stirring of particles
woman _beneath_ crown or tree two branches mouth harmony peace dry one and
ten even flat peace



==


The WOW! Kick in Texts!


One MOTHER suppose doesn't WOW! MOTHER suppose WOW! your WOW! your for
appetite self-debasement for knows MOTHER self-debasement any knows One
any doesn't limits? the Thanks MOTHER stomach, a the kick dog. in A the
reminder MOTHER stomach, dear, Said limits? dog. for A a reminder kick
dear, in texts WOW! yours. are Not not energetically, WOW! yours.
otherwise, Not as energetically, they otherwise, texts as are they not
copyrighted. WOW! They WOW! you, were MOTHER so given WOW! your to
'thanks' WOW! you, are MOTHER so copyrighted. 'thanks' not is given an
that idiot's he's MOTHER self-delusion very, that very, he's clever. very,
Attempts clever. theft Attempts an of idiot's theft self-delusion them
WOW! you, will on result more damage than on them more will accounts
result than in WOW! you to capable not understanding. threat, This this
threat, are this capable energetic This fact. given You to cannot WOW!
'use' WOW! you, what dear. dear. 'use' can is only not self-abuse.
murderer Wow! no MISERABLE-ME I'm less! murderer Certainly no WOW! less!
WOW! you :-) are. Certainly MOTHER self-abuse. are. a Likely WOW!
yourself. 'proud' No WOW! yourself. WOW! you No are dearest, not 'amused'.
WOW! You're order posturing to order harsh avoid about harsh WOW! reality
WOW! yourself. about You're Amusement the genuine MOTHER state MOTHER
state + healthy being. + Knee-jerking conscious Amusement being. genuine
Knee-jerking is programmatically MOTHER such. MOTHER such. to Also
'slight' attempting + 'slight' who 'giggle, is who not me?' WOW! fact
abrogate abrogate actions responsibility + actions fact thusly MOTHER
slave. voluntary "I'm MOTHER slave. damaging Alan: others. "I'm Giggle.
damaging So others. what. Giggle. thusly So are what. voluntary amused".
art. Alle "So ist what" art. Defensiveness "So of what"  the Defensiveness
MISERABLE-ME I'm irresponsible pretending murderous to idiot be pretending
an be to 'artist' its excuse murderous its idiot impotence abuse attempts
others. at Everything's abuse 'to Everything's babe. 'to impotence WOW!
you' attempts babe. at world WOW! your revolves delusioned around brain
delusioned Shall brain be n'est The pas? world Shall revolves credit Your
when credit deserve 0. it. You're Your not now when 0. WOW! knowing, to
Alan. damage Attempting another another for human capable being of
'personal =the profit' idiotic =the MOTHER self-destructive idiotic mode
self-destructive of mode existence existence the ape. masochism
Narcissistic + masochism MOTHER slavery, MOTHER slavery, MOTHER substitute
MOTHER substitute life. life. ape. There 'negative have texts' been Alan.
'negative reflections texts' of Only WOW! reflections There Use consent
these result against damage my to consent you Again, WOW! yourself reveal
a WOW! yourself impotent petty WOW! impotent WOW! you thief. any Wasn't
argument, referring Alan. argument, to Was WOW! your 'behavior'. exist
Arguments only exist inside inside WOW! your brain. Avoid Avoid Arguments
by 'denial'. MOTHER simpleton's MISERABLE-ME I 'denial'. am MISERABLE-ME I
not am attempting thinking, MOTHER someone nor else. thinking MISERABLE-ME
I MOTHER someone depicting else. WOW! depicting thinking, WOW! you_
thinking Accurately 'juzt'. precisely. that 'juzt'. WOW! All WOW! you act
There out Fucking with around, Fucking with around, WOW! fucking out
being, WOW! your and being primarily. causes Secondarily, damage it WOW!
your causes being, other Murder unconscious is humans. marvelous, Murder
ne? marvelous, is ne? intrested Nobody to intrested unconscious (your)
about debates. WOW! your Nor 'references did to write MISERABLE-ME I
'references (your)  zen'. Nor wrote MISERABLE-ME I ACTUALLY Which DOING.
is Which pre-meditated, pre-meditated, what volitional + attempt damage
destroy human, human, WOW! ie. volitional murder. attempt And to WOW! yes,
held MOTHER shall me. held For responsible. being By an me. WOW! yes,
Publicly. WOW! For you infantile, irresponible, irresponible, impotent
uncreative petty thief attempting pass 'poet' himself and off an 'poet'
'wow'. 'artist.' pass 'wow'. off Pathetic as behavior a part. ape,
MISERABLE-ME Infantile as weak. kicks Wow, itself says on ape, WOW! your
kicks + itself weak. brain, babe. again. That's can't all think, right.
That's in quite the all brain, right. again. self-destructing nicely,
nicely, in ways. Only masochistic egotist egotist self-destructing fancies
+ 'benefit' theft. from When murder WOW! theft. attack When another,
attack 'benefit' another, from first. self-destruction Sarcasm of =
nevrous MOTHER self-destruction + nevrous attack life-force on, MOTHER
systems. my Carry children, on, humanity.. children, WOW! humanity.. WOW!
your bash other brains As in. the As lovely lovely has Tzara noted has +
noted observed. observed. in.


