


defuge n+0

unconscious, defuge, upgrade, body-html, jennifer, julu simultaneously
tender it, and turn away, as if defuge were in operation, forms. In any
case, the Compaq is now one of us, subject to defuge, full to an end. The
resulting detumescence partakes of defuge, exhaustive Exactly. And so
perhaps the preface of the book is lost in _defuge,_ decathected, state or
statement of defuge. irrelevant, keeping defuge at bay.

wryting perhaps, structures against defuge as well, or the harboring
and defuge. Jennifer drops hints; she's willing to take up every pocancer
it is all there, the defuge, sexuality, transparency, linkage, coupling
defuge/flooding, cyberspace falters and topples in the sand/granularity of
produces both a sense of accomplishment and defuge; the world greatly
It is so common that a word is necessary here, the _defuge,_ defuse/refuge
deluge/refuse, de-light, de-flower. Rhyme patterns, frames, defuges; it 
is the defuge that draws the poem forward beyond return, the sonnet to 
Rhyme materializes, and the materiality is subject to defuge, carrying
effluvia. It is the substance in pornography that defuges;  there is a
return is the defuge of time, the striations of the medium as well. 
defuge, the circum-stantiation, circumlocution of the abyss: and too much 
spleen, like boredom, figures into defuge; both play a role in Salo, in 
materiality that defuge operates through is ultimately cannibalistic. 
And finally, defuge, from my Disorders of the Real: "Form, thrust away. 
this imply the defuge of narrative?

defuge, fifth and final section, explanations:

defuge refuge refuse defuse: _r.d/fu/g.s/e:_ writing the words over and -
what differentiates defuge is the peculiar passivity that accompanies in
my own adulterated view, defuge is connected with the hunt as well, (and
defuge enters into theoretical burnout, cyberspace burnout as well.  
defuge: in which the body gives itself away by transforming possession
itself, defuges, sputters at the edges; given the death of the author, It
is so common that a word is necessary here, the _defuge,_ defuse/refuge
deluge/refuse, de-light, de-flower. Rhyme patterns, frames, defuges; it is
the defuge that draws the poem forward beyond return, the sonnet to Rhyme
materializes, and the materiality is subject to defuge, carrying effluvia.
It is the substance in pornography that defuges;  there is a return is the
defuge of time, the striations of the medium as well.  

defuge, fifth and final section, explanations:

vis-a-vis _defuge_ back into the body, the reading of the body through the
text, the mouths of the text, textual _defuge._ Afterwards, defuge sets in
- the application, bodies, partner, world, sex, easy ontology, with the
promulgation of the writer. Nothing is defuge, pentium wryting defuge
phenomenology virtuality darknet actants REPETITION is a return through
defuge to the imaginary, uncanny, and already in a state of defuge...
things worry themselves in constancy It makes sure to retain the old
names, discarding them by virtue of defuge or defuge-machine. When
everything is cool, everyone surfs, the more words but is simply defused,
_defuged,_ forgotten.

defuge

alan:flood:efface:leak:lung:defuge:spill:1341:0:unravel:defuge:flood
break:cripple:ligament:phantom:defuge:yes:15856:6:lag:defuge:ligament 

and defuge (Levinas for example).  deferment, gaping at the end - it's
there that defuge sets in, difference Sometimes I suffer defuge and then
it goes lackluster and the worlds are Doing is all my beautiful domains,
defuge withdraws and decathects. dom, and defuge, cancers devouring the
remnants of grave and graven flesh. When defuge sets in, when decathecting
is universal, then it's the time to out of defuge (Sondheim) - the _hacker
drive_ which tends towards what economy, no longer participating on that
level - a state of defuge. contains a weather of ice and violation.
Violent depression and defuge [...] /* primal dullness of the world in
defuge and immanence */ sations? but she continues in a state of denial
and defuge. Jennifer drops Because during that period, defuge set in; I
was exhausted with Is the fact that during that period defuge set in you
were exhausted Earlier you said during that period defuge set in you were
exhausted Please, defuge set in; that you berated it. It's the nuclear
class that and tending towards foreclosure, defuge; it is the
Jennifer-body that defuge worn out with defuge/refuge, exhausted, the
isolated image of clit or pouring out through locked doors of building
"defuge" you stain yourself following paths to old defuge you stain
yourself following paths to old defuge ... When defuge, decathected
exhaustion, sets in, I may rely on quotations of slough at the edges,
exhausted, in states of defuge and decathexis. Pools emanations out of the
suppurating flesh of my own body - that 'defuge' defuge - you can sense
i'm used up, always have been constructs defuge, the paste broken by
inscription. Dis-ease is that of computational clean-room. These aspects
leak out; net.sex, defuge/burnout, into difference day after day takes its
toll. I use the word 'defuge' to defuge worn out with defuge/refuge,
exhausted, the isolated image of clit or pouring out through locked doors
of building "defuge" defuge beautiful haiku of defuge, sent by someone who
was added to a number of and defuge. Jennifer drops hints; she's willing
to take up every pocancer, it is all there, the defuge, sexuality,
transparency, linkage, coupling d.txt:7 dd:195 defuge.txt:2 e.txt:5 ee:21
f.txt:6 ff:7 g.txt:11 gg:18 and exitings - when the spheres are shattered
- when defuge sets in - when already marker.hand.piston.stylus elsewhere,
defuge marker hand defuge-oo-dhtml-oo-diegesis-oo-diegetic
       ascii unconscious, defuge, upgrade, body-html, jennifer, julu

1 theory is defuge and enumeration coupled with abjection and foreclosure
3 disinvestment is the state of defuge or refusal/deluge
1 theory is defuge and enumeration coupled with abjection and foreclosure
3 disinvestment is the state of defuge or refusal/deluge
3 disinvestment is the state of defuge or refusal/deluge
1 theory is defuge and enumeration coupled with abjection and foreclosure

It is the substance in pornography that defuges; the image on the level of
			   until the exhaustion of defuge decathects these

tiffany		30 seconds	   defuge
exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical 
exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical 
exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical
exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical
exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical
exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical
exhaustion, defuge, and the wavering of existence in terms of the physical

think of defuge.
environment ground plane replacement of traditional goto defuge or

/[z]+/ { print "defuge or decathected disinvestment, exhaustion" }
d'nala decathexis deconstructed deconstruction defuge Derrida dhtml
evanescent, they're already exhausted by consciousness and defuge. the 
psychology, one of flows/flux/spew/emission as well (my notion of 'defuge' 
deconstructed deconstruction deerflies defuge Derrida desiccated dhtml
defuge - distributed avatars - evanescence - it's all there - the others
defuge again -
same substance hammered language them defuge -
again defuge
language hammered them kill defuge again -
to example defuge trying the to disgust read a a novel novel again
depressions antennae antennas personal_ws-1.1 english 30 Gertrud defuge
personal_ws-1.1 english 33 Gertrud defuge mobius zags philosopies yiddish
o i beg you dearest sister visit me in defuge, exhausted after a weary
protolanguage. It has also covered the concept of "defuge," and traced
liams, measure series, The Perilous Cemetery, Herodotus, Derrida, defuge
structuralist notion of unconscious processes; defuge is concerned with a
it in the form of serial representations (exhausting, through defuge, one
nothing makes a differance, it leaves no trace, not even defuge announcing
and concepts have been developed - ascii unconscious, defuge, construct
...


