=

Care of an Older Guitar (for Signal to Noise)

1949 Romeo Di Giorgio classical guitar. I bought it in Cambridge, Mass, 
around 1967, and have had it ever since. I started playing music after a 
disastrous relationship; this was 1962. I was influenced by Lightning 
Hopkins. I didn't know music. I memorized chords in alphabetic order, 
A,B,C,D,E,F,G, sharps and flats in due order. I went through a number of 
guitars, settled on a Gibson electric and the Di Giorgio. In the Cambridge 
scene, Al Wilson (later of Canned Heat) thought me a "city blues player" 
because I played fast, but I was more John Fahey than Charlie Patton. 
Other instruments came and went, but the Di Giorgio stayed with me. When I 
bought it, the store clerk cried; he'd been using it in concerts, had 
never heard anything like it. It cost $125. It came with 17 cracks and 
still has 17 cracks. It's gone through two floods, one in a closet in 
Providence, Rhode Island, and one in a warehouse in Los Angeles, after 
having coming back from Tasmania. It's been everywhere with me.

The guitar is remarkable: inside the sound-hole, there's a hyperboloid 
wooden band extending down to an inch of the back. I think this is from an 
eighteenth-century design. I haven't seen any modern guitar with the 
device, except for the current Di Giorgio Tarrega, which has an oval sound 
hole.

From a description sent to me by the company: "Alan, thanks for calling . 
Sorry, I use a translator. The model Serie Artistica has covers it in 
pine, laterals and deep in plated of jacarand, fingerboard pau ferro, arm 
in cedar . The sound is very pretty. Is it a classical model. It was 
manufactured artisan." Elsewhere I've heard Swedish Pine. The body is 
Brazilian rosewood. Once I had top removed to re-glue the bracing - it was 
repaired by a lutheir who made guitars for Segovia and David Lee Roth. The 
guitar has unusually rich tones and very strong deep harmonic response. 
The wood is thin enough to shine a light through. Apparently there's no 
bracing under the bridge; the top bows, but the action's very low. Unlike 
other older instruments, the sound hasn't diminished with age. On occasion 
I repair the cracks myself, but let them breathe. I keep the guitar tuned 
low, usually a fourth or so. I think the value is around $5000, but who 
knows?

Now what's interesting to me - this is obviously not mass-produced; it has 
its own sound which is distinctive to anyone. Its very fragility requires 
a kind of tending or care, a necessary tending if the guitar is to 
survive. This is very different than most of my other string instruments 
(electric saz, tenor banjo, yayli tanbur, cura cumbus for examples), which 
are fairly standardized; on the other hand, it parallels the care needed 
with things like my hasapi and alpine zithers. In my writing I draw a 
distinction between analog and digital phenomenologies; the latter is 
based on replacement, equivalence, eternity, production, and protocols, 
while the former is based on dwelling, tending, imminence, and a chthonic 
modality within which object becomes subject. The analog is inhering, 
subject-like; the digital is remote, object-like. The analog, let us say, 
is really "in time"; the digital is construct and raster. Obviously I 
exaggerate (and my texts here are complex), but in terms of my work, the 
Di Giorgio has been with me, more or less as companion instrument (like 
Donna Haraway's "companion species") for over forty years; we continue to 
make music together. Most of my art through on computer now; the Di 
Giorgio reminds me of the fragility of what comes before and after the 
screen and wireless, what maybe matters most, the inhering wetware in an 
ultimately "alien" world of black holes and branes, not brains. I worry 
about passing the instrument on, but things sometimes have their way of 
making paths through the world, often beyond us, and not always 
accompanied by debris. The guitar will leave me in better shape than it 
arrived; I tend it, but possession seems mutual and hardly relevant at 
this stage of our lives.

