
Some Recent Fragments on Music

(The urls/examples have been removed. The text is fragmented,
to some extent covering the theory/phenomenology/practice I have
been developing over the past year and a half.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/zheng3.mpg

inverting amplitudes foregrounds body and operational instrument 
sounds; these are the last of the pieces which treat bodywork as 
fundamental to music, the body presencing; the usual focus of an 
instrument, proper sounds, almost a shell or manifold across 
flesh and breath. i haven't made work like this before, interior 
and exterior exchanged in an incredible sonic mapping tending 
towards possibilities (at least for me) of new modes of sound 
and musical philosophy.

perhaps the most successful of the inverted dynamics pieces;
qqq is the final result, qq is the original. i recorded this
last night, couldn't sleep, six in the morning, took a lot of
sleeping pills and trazodone, checked the tuning of the 1980s
qin, played what might be my best piece in any case. so this 
is the body and qin, the 'scratchy' sound is actually audible 
in both version, part and parcel of the music and its making.
i've been thinking (admittedly ignorantly) of the relationship
between category theory and 'older' mathematical foundations,
in relation to sound modifications like echo, filters, on one
hand, and revrev/inverted dynamics on the other; the latter
brings otherings into the foreground (temporality and body for
example), while the former remains within the traditional
embeddings of the subject (player, listener). ...

given the triad gamespace/edgespace <--> blank <--> imaginary, 
interference appears in the interregnum of edgespace(imaginary) 
as a _production_ or (conceivably non-reproducible) commodity of 
interference: virtual static (with its possible panoply of 
objects and part objects) appears as _corralled content_ which 
may be considered the alterity of the gamespace, and may also be 
represented within it. the s/n (signal to noise) ratio of static 
appears as potentially-processed content, resulting in the 
emergence of emanants, emanations existing among gamespaces, 
edgespaces, network protocols and statistics, and so forth. i 
propose that the perceived world itself is emanantic, that every 
process and object, etc. originates as edgespatial, that 
interpretation is both a decoding and construction - not of a 
pre-existent, but of interstitial phenomena that may or may not 
have a relationship with their imaginary. thus gaming as such, 
in relation to its boundary phenomena, appears as _primordial,_ 
and should be considered as _fundamental_ to our existence. in 
this sense, what is our body, but signings and interference, and 
what is our mind, but an imaginary operating under fluid and 
mobile constraints (which, in other eras, we might have termed 
deity?

(aside) from what -

interference implies strictures and parasite; think of michel 
serres' the parasite, an interruption between source and 
receiver channels, but also potentially the source of new 
content. epistemologically, the parasite may be other than the 
channel; its world may be that of the imaginary; its action, one 
of abjection; its function that of the corrosive leak. does 
this lead us astray or complement gamespace/edgespace analysis? 
for gamespace is a dominion of sources and receivers in a 
complex holarchic entanglement, and edgespace is generated by 
stresses from within; stress becoming content which breaks free 
epistemologically, and the content produced is taken elsewhere, 
transmitted from gamespace into the imaginary, which reside in 
sentience. (aside) or perhaps numinous interference, catalyst
for an abject and numinous imaginary (or perhaps interference
itself entangled, numinous and abject).

inverted dynamics foregrounds background/body sounds, parasite 
and interference, abject re/constitution of sonic production; 
azure sings thru her sickness, pauses filled by screams 'out in' 
the street below; her voice loses sonority, breaks down into 
gravel/grating coughs and gaspings, she makes it thru the song, 
the someone screaming has moved on, sounds of traffic, body; the 
song is marriage to language, language broken by sickness; we 
remember the catastrophic and fragile peak of goodness in the 
midst of what might go wrong, returned and foregrounded here as 
parasitic content. enjoy, despair, enjoy.

high-speed cura saz without a break/silence, processed
through inverse dynamics, what becomes orchestral already
was. i keep pushing these categorical filters that imply
something about sounds, culture, body, music, physics, 
and their entanglements, about edgespaces which blankness
roars in with imaginary content as symptomatic prions, 
for example, worlding asserting itself in the midst of
cultural structures. our internal biome is roughly half
microbial dna, and this is a picture of that elsewhere in
music. in the extreme cold of rhode island in the last
day and night, i could hear the strings loosening, the 
wood of the instruments straining. we now use three 
humidifiers to get us through this period; what you're
hearing in all these recent recordings is a form of the
subaltern.

f(x), t -> -t reverse
 reverse music (not in this)
f(x), x -> 1/x inverse dynamics
 environmentally-embedded musics (in this)
*/ f(x), f(x) -> f(x'), where x' is x + a tail originating in x 
 echo, reverberation / traditional effects /* (not in this)
f(x), f(x) -> f(x'), -t; -t -> t reverse reverberation
 anticipatory musics (in this)

everything is experience and body; the transformations appear
elementary, but create dwellings in alternative worlds that
resonate with what we always already know; i think of this in 
terms of the dynamics of categories, topological invariants 
among the topological transformations of phenomenological 
subjectivities. (yes i do.)

clashing civilization that open up spaces beyond thematic
villages, gravitational lensing, alignments, territories
inherently out-of-tune, microbial landscapes, slime-mold
movements, emergences, emergencies

theories of unthemed dwellings, nomadic commons, taz, 
coming together and falling apart, falling apart and coming
together, defeat of the punctum-turret, alignments of 
universal skies

"Since I must save the day of tomorrow, since I must have a form 
because I don't feel strong enough to stay disorganized, since I 
inevitably must slice off the infinite monstrous meat and cut it 
into pieces the size of my mouth and the size of the vision of 
my eyes, since I'll inevitably succumb to the need for form that 
comes from my terror of remaining undelimited - then may I at 
least have the courage to let this shape form by itself like a 
scab that hardens by itself, like the fiery nebula that cools 
into earth. And may I have the courage to resist the temptation 
to invent a form." (Clarice Lispector, The Passion According to 
G.H., trans. Idra Novey, Penguin, 2012, p. 7)

qin. impossible tunings whose fingers harmonized. to be 
harmonized. to the harmonized. harmonized. the program, be fit 
(in the sense of harmonization) or not; in a sense it does. 
these terms and my use of them are of course arbitrary; one 
might use encoding to reference the act of program-creation and 
coding that which operates on input, with all the phenomenology 
of input already indicated. I choose a distinction between these 
words in order to articulate a distinction within the field; 
otherwise we are off again into unnecessary obscurity. as for 
the element of a code, there is a sign or sign-function, there 
is a process drawn from tables or closed lexicons. as for the 
element of encoding, there is none; an input may, in relation to 
the encoding program, be fit (in the sense of harmonization) or 
not; in a sense it does not matter, as encoding is matterless, 
codeless, just as coding is mattered, albeit the ideality or 
cyberneticization of matter. inhalings, harmonics, harmonizings, 
and whistlings, for you, be fit (in the sense of harmonization) 
or not; in a sense it does work, these double guqin, somewhat 
deeply out of tune with each other, communicating and 
authorizing the presence of the Other.

and quaint terminology, archeological cyber-anything, virtual 
worldings returning the grit of the body to shapeless and 
groundless grit-physics representative of the wired body 
recording spasms and its own infrastructures on closed and 
unhacked circuitry casting off shell after shell of imagery 
almost representative of a central core or kernel from which 
pushbacks and pullouts, pushouts and pullbacks, can be 
conceptualized, the locals of a topoi or places as if they were 
originary, origin lying in the sensors, the wires, the programs, 
hardly in the apparatus of the body which is already corrosive, 
still un-gene-spliced, falling, failing, flailing apart,the core 
of flesh returning through a barycentric arcing from the 
configurations of slaughter, the removal of temples and other 
archaeological debris, and here is the debris caved in within 
the body, the body electric signaling to the world, body 
touching body, spasmodic body grounded in the struggle for 
breath and mouthings, muscles loose and taut, pleasure and 
carapace or shells thrown from it, wave after wave, recordings 
stuttered in the apparatus of the virtual world, as if there 
were always a return, this electric body, this non-electronic 
body or one running from the diodes and wires elsewhere to and 
from the machines taking note of whatever the shuddering or 
shattering might speak of, for within the body itself, such are 
unspeakable, incapable at these times of speech or thoughtful 
thinking, indeterminate, letting it run on as if there were 
streams flooding the interior of the virtual worlds, 
short-circuiting, burning, everything around, the cliffs, the 
waters, the recording devices, the muscles, the skin, the flesh 
beneath the skin, the tissues of the flesh, the organs beneath, 
the ruptures and sutures, the belongings and castings, the 
operations, the inoperables, the espionage from within, the 
careful and unordained movements of arms and legs, mouths and 
fingers, the encodings and decodings, murmurs of the machinic, 
the soft machines, the soft, the inordinate, the gatherings and 
castings-aside, the

nothing is comfortable when the transitional turns you on

guqins together = 1 person, what is the effect, that is
nk / as = infinite slaughter, as / nk = zero effect, the
tending of century's old wood, the momentary settling 
and control of ten square feet, as if it were the hut of
the literature of japan, we're surrounded by radiation
everywhere, plants and animals, fungi and archaea, are
dying, oceans and mountains, iceberg calving, every note
of what consequence, what of hydrogen, what of these
instruments, so easy to destroy, burn or bury, what of
their sound, and for whom, and with what practice,, i'd
like to say a single note with destroy nations, caress
plants and animals, fungi and archaea, restore, and with
the disappearance of humans, millennial quietude, just a
chance of coming into communality and relationship, just
a glimpse backtracked to the single note, to these two
qins talking to each other, among one and other, among
one and many and multitudes, nk * 0 = 0, as * 1 = 1 ...

banjo with pipa tuning, japanese in scale, improvisation
half-steps and major thirds are characteristic
melancholy sounds of a rough day, sanshin and garcia lorca
and what else i forget what else in the music 
forget bushido forget zen forget buddha
but i don't want to kill anyone and i want this banjo to survive
it is my desire it survive and its beautiful music survive
uncanny passing for another one hundred twenty eight years
welcome to the banjo inn

formulaic condensation: most western dramaturgy emphasizes
affect an effect: thus a panoply of effects and transformations,
machinic virtuality. in my work, as in the natyasastra, i
emphasize effect an affect: thus a split and tendency towards
psychological interminable and indeterminate states: or the
difference for example between types of state and types of
states.
...skipping...

of course these distinctions don't hold under scrutiny; i'm 
fascinated working with the abject, the underbelly of the world 
we live in, and equally fascinated by contemplating cosmology, 
particle physical, mathematics and their entanglement. music is 
interstitial, bounded on one hand by limited potentials and for 
that matter by human hearing and its vicissitudes, and on the 
other, by dwelling within coordinated affect, no matter the 
bandwidth. everything meshes, doesn't it?

breath / breath / stutter/ shudder / begin / begin again /
again begin again / again begin again begin again / begin /:

The guzheng is a Chinese zither, plucked on the right-hand side, 
which is tuned with both pegs and bridges. The left-hand side is 
'out of tune,' and the strings are pressed down on the left to 
raise the pitch on the right. Think of the left-hand side as a 
support structure, an abject cacophony of potential sound, an 
existence in the depths, played when the soul is deeper than 
scales and perfect tuning. (I play back and forth, among the 
fields in this piece.) But the left is also, I think, the field 
of spirit, of universal cosmology, of dark matter, and here I 
play for our cat, Ossi Oswalda, who is doing poorly now, but 
still with us, after ten seizures over four days three months 
ago, and those numbers are meaningless as we stay close to her 
and hope for the best. The piece is a threnody of hope, listen, 
(she did, but then she had no choice!), thanks.

zzzzz to.txt has fungi, tn.txt follows

something almost exhausted emerges here, that incessant
rhythm that stupidly falls all over itself, Dostoevsky's
Writer's Diary say

The grain of the voice, grain of the almost-black, grain of the 
seething world. Among the last dark and first black, the 
granular. The grit of the primal scene, grit of the floor, of 
the bed, of the stairwell, grit of the river dock, of the great 
outdoor projection screen, of the hallway. Grain and grit as the 
world turns black, as achitecture shifts, architectron. As the 
visibility of great expulsions. As great visibility.

The phenomenology of ghosts lacks granularity; details go blank 
as the abyss opens up between one and another character or 
pixel. The surface must always extend by gestural logics, the 
mind filling in the details, a projectivity involving the 
release of desire. This is the dream-like quality of cyberspace, 
always melding, flexible, a relative of the arcana. Surface and 
depth become identical, but not surface. (Oh just like 
Narcissus.)


This came to me when I was trying desperately to avoid insomnia, 
obviously an impossibility. The aesthetic truth of it seems 
clear - I don't work with fixed structures, but structures that 
may or may not reveal themselves at every turn. Walking and 
hiking move across paths, trails, falls, strata, loams, deep 
ecologies, biomes and microbiomes; my music moves in similar 
fashion, and on a number of occasions I've played on the path or 
trail, or, better, listened when I can. Playing an instrument 
like the guqin (the full name of the qin emphasizing its depth), 
I move among clouds and phenomena, chasms and pools, I'm 
inhabited. This isn't the music of harmony, melody, rhythm, but 
one within a continuum, a dwelling among, not trance but a 
movement of clarity. Listen to a section of this, done between 
AR sessions, hopefully enjoy,

bowtest - short violin bow with salt-and-pepper horsehair; 
standard violin bow with white horsehair; both over a 100 
years old; viola and rababa;
salt and pepper - salt-and-pepper bow; viola; composition

the labor of this musician, testing new hair (salt-and-pepper) 
on a bow; the black hair is rougher with more byte; it's mixed 
with white hair which has a smoother, calmer sound (less grit, 
less highs that can sound almost over-modulated). in bowtest, 
i switch between bows and instruments, doing some of the worst 
playing, but listening for the glitches; in saltandpepper, i use 
the new bowhair on a viola piece that takes advantage of the 
difference. this is the kind of behind-the-scenes labor that 
everyone does, tending to the instruments and their potentials.
listen at least to the short final piece if you have the time.

most innovative playing by the master of fifthfourthfifth

who kept changing the chair position, thinking of 
ingmar bergman's uncut version of fanny and alexander

and then there's the remarkable innovation of intervals
based on the luxuriousness of anton webern and umm kulthum
and of course the despair of sinjar and the amazement
of the mastery of mines

delicacy of reglued bouts and boxwood patinas
gut strings and the wisdom of 1881

and the changing of the positions of the chair

the music/sound of anticipation and hope, among a dying friend, 
stabilized companion cat, panic attacks and depressions, and 
yet, the hope of the salvation of sound, so this piece is one of 
tuning up, getting ready for a performance or a recording, but 
the anticipation, the hope, of course become the performance 
itself, just as hope gathers hope and anticipation of hope 
becomes, appears, at the very beginning of hope, hope itself, 
and then, more-so, becomes comfort, enlightenment, advance

we live always in such advance of death, decay, slaughter, 
illness, but we also live in-spite-of, the circulation of 
culture and culture's prohibitions and transgression, such makes 
us somehow more human, more among communality, more glad

in-spite-of and within a dying friend, a stabilized companion, 
an irretrievable loss, a depression which is another form of 
friend to the detriment of all

for M. E. and Ossie Oswalda


Four versions of Miasmatic, all in preparation for the next/
other; trmph preparation for the versions. triomph2 is an 
abbreviation; one is an ecstasy; two, three, and former are 
variations; in Aristotle's On Coming-To-Be and Passing-Away,
there are two circulations, that of the same returning to the 
same, and that of the same returning to an enumerated same;

MIASMATIC (Azure Carter)

What happens when the world
Falters

What happens when sex
And I occur

I am lost
In the miasma

Surfeit of shapes
Connect the dots

Curtailed by writing
Theory and practice

Withdrawal from the real
Virtual worlds

I sounded like an idiot
I cant control my words

I feel like an idiot
I cant control my words

I think I am an idiot
I cant control my words

Youre my heroin
Caffeine, serotonin

Cocaine, alcohol
Strychnine

Youre impossible
Lost and found

From outer space
Strange attractors

Broken hearts
Ghastly sadness

I dream of drowning
Hearts divided
I sounded like an idiot
I cant control my words

I feel like an idiot
I cant control my words

I think I am an idiot
I cant control my words

I think I am an idiot
I cant control my words


To which I add:

ahoConcise Pali-English Dictionary by A.P. Buddhadatta Mahathera 
aho[ind.] exclamation of surprise or consternation. ahoPTS 
Pali-English dictionary The Pali Text Society's Pali-English 
dictionary Ahoindecl. [Sk. ahofor etym. see aha1] exclamation of 
surpriseastonishment or consternationyeaindeedwell I say! for 
sure! VvA.103 aho ti acchariyatthena nipto J.I88 aho acchariya 
aho abbhuta140. Usually combd. with similar emphatic particlese. 
g. aho vata DhA.II85 PvA.131 = sdhu vata aho vata re D.II107 
Pv.II94 5. Cp. ahe. Page 92 ahoPali-Dictionary Vipassana 
Research Institute ahoOh! ah!

AH!

..
to know this is my world, to know a world, to cut the edge of a 
.
world, to draw, to draw blood:: to draw the edge::
. .
. ..
viol, violate, violation, violence, violin, viola, receptacle, 
.. .
chorus, chora: to string, to string along:: to prepare a string, 
.. ..
to flay, to cut out, to eliminate, cauterize:: to cut through, 
. .. .. .
to split a string, to split a skin, to split skin:: to violate, 
. .. .. ..
to play:: to play violin, to play at violence, to stage a play, 
.. . . . ..
to split a stage, to play viola:: to play gut, to play skin:: to 
.. . . .. .
play on one's nerves, to split nerves, to split skin:: to bow or 
.. . . .. ..
bow, to bow a string, to stretch a bow, a string:: to tie the 
.. . .. . . .
knot, to tie the borromean, to split the borromean, to cut 
.. . .. . .. .
from:: to bow the violin, to bow the viol, to bow the viola, to 
. . . . . . .
split the sound, to split the music, to corral, to corral the 
. . . . .. .
skin, to split the string, to mobius, to mobius the violin, to 
. . . .. .. .
mobius the viola, to split the function:: to reduce the 
. . .. .. .
variables, to cauterize the function, to swallow, to bow, to 
. .. .. . .
swallow again, to bow again, to violate:: to violate the viol, 
. .. .. . ..
to violate the viola, to violate the violin:: to cut the skin, 
. .. . .. ..
to cut the back of the skin, to violate the skin, to cut the 
. .. ..
skin, to cut it out:: cut it out

the sorrow of music

the sorrow of music or
the sadness of the murmuring of objects or
the memory and living memories among us or

the transitional object of the musical instrument

the instrument is the passing/passage/paysage of notes, 
notations, language; the instrument is a physical object, played 
by others before me, and, through stewardship, played by others 
after me.

thus there are always issues of tending, and issues of 
setting-up, bringing sound out of wood, bone, leather, bamboo, 
to the fullest, to the fullness of the sound, and the slowness 
and urgency of this setup -

thus the transitional object, neither here nor there, neither 
object of or from the body, nor object disparate, separate, 
separated -

what is passed on, after death or through tending towards the 
gift, is organic, is organism, is world, is worlding, both 
through appearance and the caressing of hands, fingers, mouths, 
arms, drawing out the inhabitant, habitus, of the instrument, 
drawing always closer to the breathing of death, to the 
passing-on of instrument and music, to our passing on -

what leaves me, leaves me well, circulation towards a new home, 
inhabitant there, something forever barred from me, the tragedy 
of the gift, of the release, of the relinquishment, of what i 
shall never hear, of what for me shall remain unheard, 
stewardship fading away, tending become a memory, a prayer, 
supplication -

always with an instrument, this phrase: so that others

