

transformations, familiars, shamans, repetitions,
voices, horizonal and vertical worlds, sounds, 
familiars, shamans, repetitions, voices, horizontal
transformations and vertical worlds, shamans, 
repetitions, horizontal familiars and vertical
voices, horizontal sounds and vertical familiars,
sounds and voices, cries and murmurs, repetitions,
familiars, some sounds, some voices, some
horizontal worlds, some vertical, some familiars,
shamans, a few voices, a few horizontal shamans,
the familiar, a few sounds, a few transformations

poem of being and desolation

strange chemistry of strangers being
enumeration and naming from  chaos being non-being
and the sacrifice of being
all the effort of being
and that sutra of non-being
passing, swimming in chaotic existence, its being
and imagining the worst of every human being
imagining the worst of every human being
and imagining the worst of every human being
and being being
and material welfarewell-being
in terms of the physical well being
for flesh for every killed civilian is that being
our innermost being
and our sacrifice of being
shall live so in our being
and shall live in our memory of being
and i spend my life a slave to truth and being
being
and our sacrifice of being
and our sacrifice of being
and our sacrifice of being
and our sutra of non-being
and our celebration and joy at our being
then furious  when we incur being
and more furious  when we incur being
and it's depressing being
it's depressing being
and it's really depressing being
and being
and the difference at all of being
and the being of its desolation

The apocalypse will ever be witnessed: 
The chora of repetitive compression

Or why we must become space and time, or why the surge is
absent.

At the very end, neutrinos continue their oscillation, virtual 
particles remain beneath the level of a universe without 
memories, the catastrophic mix and visibility of stabilized 
plateaus has disappeared, witnesses no longer call witnesses, 
one might argue for darkness, but doesn't that imply logic, 
light, that eye which is no longer presenting? Identity in the 
meantime, earlier regimes, lies in the fabrication of memory; 
each turn of the wheel is an event; each slide and lubrication 
creates an ineffable signature. Here we are in the construction 
potential of the apocalypse; the surge guarantees the absence of 
a return, and in this manner, what we're witnessing in the 
images and sound is a nostalgia and its denouement - the 
exhaustion of energy and bodies, the horizon of extinctions 
which continues to roll and boil over us. 

The video is on the order of an essay on mechanism harboring oil 
and steam; the audio is the foregrounding of arenas and sound. 
Everything is already a century old; the world wears itself 
down, taking us along with it. It's not technological advance or 
determinism, but rust, corrosion, decay, fatigue, particle 
physics, radiations, dusts, entropy, that are fundamental, no 
matter what the tending or stewardship, no matter the redundancy 
of big data, databanks, seed-vaults or bunkers. It goes in the 
end; this is imminent, immanent, and obvious to all. I think it 
might be repetition all the way down, but asymptotic in its own 
way, quietude emerging somewhere around planck. Or not quietude, 
but roiling, which results in the motto: The apocalypse will 
never be witnessed. And so it goes, and will already have been 
gone.

the word is operative in the immediate vicinity of KIC 8462852;
the unmistakable presence of machinery; in english we call this
'such and such,' as in 'such and such phenomena,' which remain
unique in our world - and here our boundaries have grown smaller 
- some say suddenly, we're not sure of our response here, 
certainly our data will vanish, corrode, disappear at an 
unremarkable rate - we're told this, tell ourselves this, and 
that the word is 'operative' and that the star is KIC 8462852.

He was the first philosopher to employ, in a philosophical 
context, the term arche, which until then had meant beginning 
or origin. For him, it became no longer a mere point in time, 
but a source that could perpetually give birth to whatever will 
be. The indefiniteness is spatial in early usages as in Homer 
(indefinite sea) and as in Xenophanes (6th century BC) who said 
that the earth went down indefinitely (to apeiron) i.e. beyond 
the imagination or concept of men. (Wikipedia, Anaximander)

returning to qin after exhausted period of two months, wonder, 
it remaining, in tune, i begin, remember, this gathering

this instrument, when i play, worlds open, horizons at all 
hours, i play murmur, i play the formation of worlds from 
worlds, play asymptotic reach of horizons from horizons

beneath me, above me, to the left and right of me, the forest
of qin, the infinite lu, the murmur, indefinite of qin,
indefinite forst, indefinite horizons, indefinite memory,
the somewhere worlds, the somewhere somewhen worlds

the indefinite time, indefinite internal time consciousness, the 
moment, the other moment, the same (always already transitive), 
the rail

[list of dedications]

.. . but this isn't the piece; the piece involves hundreds,
thousands of Fors, and the whose name might I spell wrong,
who might be forgotten, who should be definitely included,
who left behind, who becomes resentful, who becomes grateful,
who stops speaking to me, who begins, . ..

. ..so perhaps not a good idea to do this piece, perhaps to do
something else, full of infinite gratitude towards friends
and yes, even enemies, and the forgotten .. .

the jump rhythm bricolage ferocity takes over, something in
the distance humming, Tibetan, the Qin Society, guqin, China,
Chinese, Buddhism, Tsongkhapa, free jazz, ESP, backroom
gardens, 1000 Character Essay, cd production, shakuhachi
restoration, Chinese television characters, flute, viola,
violin

---

Music ESP Texts (for ESP-Disk website)

some things on the music borne

i or so

avoidance of noise ,then how to schedule fury
or furious ,how to subtend silence

i don't want this thinking: that this is exploring instrument,
instrumentality ,nor a field ,subtended by fingers or mouth ,no more
than body

but the joist of particle physics ,muons on a sense of virtual
particles on another

(a b) (a, b) (a / b) (a : b) (a | b) (a f(a, b) b)

it is all resonance ,surprising ,metallic overtones ,ringing: i
remember just several sounds slowed into what seemed right even
then

foreign names touched by cultural illiteracy ,materials ,soundings,
emptied virtuosities

stringed, it is stringing ,perfect tautness ,resistance of parallel
field ,tension of endpoint separation ,tension of separation

i do not want to duplicate this ,i do not want to duplicate an other

something informing ,hypnagogic as if you might dream this ,an other
or dream an other this

but not tiring ,tirade ,more of a space of a sounding or what might be
'some of a sound'

of mewling ,howling ,whimpering ,murmuring ,seething ,then this amazing
release

neither to be where you have been nor will have gone there ,here is 
one alone ,playing music ,playing music together

tending the wood ,nylon ,skin ,metal ,plastic ,catgut ,horsehair ,wax,
bamboo ,bone ,or tending the wires

the absence of metaphor ,wires ,no paralleling ,the difficulty
of absence ,no equivalence ,no identity ,just as everything else is,
or remains ,inert

sound of the obdurate ,sound of the inert

ii or so

learning to play these ,evenings or nights' mornings ,but with all 
respect ,coaxing ,no world music ,no world but what ,are we brought,
to

here's an idea ,so i'll do it ,hear what happens ,when new ,then so
it is brought 

always writing in silence ,always playing in silence ,playing silence,
listening silence ,enormous roiling ,slow extinction of the planet,
these last sounds ,instrument making ,them

she got up from the music ,he got down to the music,
he got up from the music ,she got down to the music

you'll be telling me specifically what you want to know,
i'll be telling you specifically what you want to know

allowing myself the courtesy of being-deaf, 
allowing yourself my fingering you ,of being-sound & of mind & body

listing ,yayli tanbur ,ukulele ,cobza ,hasapi ,cura cumbus ,hegelung,
rababa ,electric saz ,valveless chromatic harmonica ,parlor guitar,
classical guitar ,alpine prime zither ,alpine elegy zither ,like the
emptying of names

unknown on my fault ,something else of shameful ,refusing abjection
in the moment when nail and steel ,flesh and wood ,collide

unknown ,everywhere i look ,unknown

iii or so

i'm not giving you what you want ,that is ,an entry into this sound,
some of an anecdote ,or at the very least, an explanation ,as in,
'you owe me an explanation'

i wouldn't know how to begin ,perhaps in eternal sorrow ,mourning,
every minute of the life

or the slightest peaks of joy

or stories about failure quantum-tunneled into music of unutterable
beauty ,or musics

or something about how these instruments came about ,what do i know
of their arrival ,or this i know ,their attraction for me ,sounding
of the world through them

fretless ,they are teaching me how to listen ,place each finger in its
rough exactitude

or fretted in narrowed intervals ,what might be ,for others ,or those
places of others ,a difference in this world

or numbers of worlds ,worlds without number ,over and over again,
desperately listening ,listening ,as if something might come about,
occur ,just by the sheer force of it

or the slow sweep of the bow as left hand fumbles for tone or tune,
begins its slower repetition ,rasa ,the savoring

iv or so

it is more you want ,more you ever want ,this savagery ,this lack
of mine ,of yours ,one more word ,phrase ,sound or tune ,book or text,
of book and of sound ,of tune and of text ,that will do it ,completion,
or suturing ,the fullness of the world ,fecundity, repleteness,
lathering ,or foam of planck mass ,length ,time ,of vacuum and an 
energy ,of particle and fray

this savagery a savagery ,silence a quiescence, calmness ,the piercing

of things ,of some things ,on the music ,on the music borne

--- end of ESP-Disk texts

the hole night, the hole day long

the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, it gets in the way, 
look, all the misery of the world lies there, stands there, the 
bottom of the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, as 
they call it first, as they call it forth, wearing the skin of 
the world, wearing its frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem of 
pearls, its seams:your tongue wearing my masculine skin, its 
root, its masculine root, my tongue wearing your feminine skin, 
its root, its feminine root, where the tongue lies, where the 
tongue stands, where the tip of the tongue caresses the roof of 
the world, where the world is cool, is in its flesh, in the 
flesh of the tongue, of its root and plateau, of its roof and 
plate or of its inverted world:they call me by the misery of the 
world, the misery of the masculine world, the tongue's bottom, 
where the tongue lies, the root of the tongue, your root, my 
rooting in you, in the tongue of the world, its world:among the 
hole of the day, the night, the long night:

Would they call me by the misery of the world, the misery of the 
masculine world, the tongue's bottom, where the tongue lies, the 
root of the tongue, your root, my rooting in you, in the tongue 
of the world, its world mind you partying, the root comes forth 
and blossoms and dies, it gets in the way, look, all the misery 
of the world lies there, stands there, the bottom of the tongue, 
the tongue's mouth, as they call it, as they call it first, as 
they call it forth, wearing the skin of the world, wearing its 
frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem of pearls, its seams, 
with us?

Your soiled among the whole of the night, the day is in my 
death-like among the whole of the day, the night, the tongue of 
the night, the day

Ah, love eaten by julu-of-the-open-arms and julu-depressed

your skin the roof of my world, my tongue's skin, my skin the 
roof of the roof, your tongue's skin, for what is the swallowed 
world that is not swallowed by the world, and what is the 
world`s swalllow, the whole night, the hole day, long:My tongue 
smells, my tongue smells you, tongue smells your tongue, your 
tongue smells mine, your mine, mine yours, the roof of the 
world:I will swallow the world and its misery and by that you 
will know me. You will know me by the swallowed world, by the 
roof of my mouth, by my tongue, by my tongue's tongue, by your 
tongue, by my tongue your tongue's tongue::

Would I will swallow the world and its misery and by that you 
will know me. You will know me by the swallowed world, by the 
roof of my mouth, by my tongue, by my tongue's tongue, by your 
tongue, by my tongue your tongue's tongue mind you partying, 
your skin the roof of my world, my tongue's skin, my skin the 
roof of the roof, your tongue's skin, for what is the swallowed 
world that is not swallowed by the world, and what is the 
world`s swalllow, the whole night, the hole day, long, with us?

Your feminine skin and tongue, pearls from the white frock, 
pearls from the neckline, the root of the frock, the tongue`s 
baseness, its frock, its swallowed world is in my spry skin and 
tongue, pearls from the white frock, pearls from the neckline, 
the root of the frock, the tongue`s baseness, its frock, its 
swallowed world

[...]

Open your mouth... they call me by the misery of the world, the 
misery of the masculine world, the tongue's bottom, where the 
tongue lies, the root of the tongue, your root, my rooting in 
you, in the tongue of the world, its world

Are you dressed as they call me by the misery of the world, the 
misery of the masculine world, the tongue's bottom, where the 
tongue lies, the root of the tongue, your root, my rooting in 
you, in the tongue of the world, its world? Is they call me by 
the misery of the world, the misery of the masculine world, the 
tongue's bottom, where the tongue lies, the root of the tongue, 
your root, my rooting in you, in the tongue of the world, its 
world dressed as you?

Are you in your , are you in your flesh, ah don't answer... 

Is Julu wearing your ... , are you wearing your skin? your 
tongue wearing my masculine skin, its root, its masculine root, 
my tongue wearing your feminine skin, its root, its feminine 
root, where the tongue lies, where the tongue stands, where the 
tip of the tongue caresses the roof of the world, where the 
world is cool, is in its flesh, in the flesh of the tongue, of 
its root and plateau, of its roof and plate or of its inverted 
world

I love your feelings, they call me by the misery of the world, 
the misery of the masculine world, the tongue's bottom, where 
the tongue lies, the root of the tongue, your root, my rooting 
in you, in the tongue of the world, its world ... Your tongue 
speaks so sweetly, turning me grrrlboyyy turniing me boyyygrrrl

...the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, it gets in the 
way, look, all the misery of the world lies there, stands there, 
the bottom of the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, 
as they call it first, as they call it forth, wearing the skin 
of the world, wearing its frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem 
of pearls, its seams

among the whole of the night, the day
among the hole of the day, the night, the long night
among the hole of the night, the day long
among the whole of the day, the night, the tongue of the night,
the day, the night, the day

among the whole of the night, the day is yours...

the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, it gets in the way, 
look, all the misery of the world lies there, stands there, the 
bottom of the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, as 
they call it first, as they call it forth, wearing the skin of 
the world, wearing its frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem of 
pearls, its seams calls forth soiled love, eating, excreting 
memory.

beyond the death-like, the root comes forth and blossoms and 
dies, it gets in the way, look, all the misery of the world lies 
there, stands there, the bottom of the tongue, the tongue's 
mouth, as they call it, as they call it first, as they call it 
forth, wearing the skin of the world, wearing its frock, its 
neckline of pearls, its hem of pearls, its seams are... death- 
like, your tongue wearing my masculine skin, its root, its 
masculine root, my tongue wearing your feminine skin, its root, 
its feminine root, where the tongue lies, where the tongue 
stands, where the tip of the tongue caresses the roof of the 
world, where the world is cool, is in its flesh, in the flesh of 
the tongue, of its root and plateau, of its roof and plate or of 
its inverted world?

... love is among the whole of the day, the night, the tongue of the 
night, the day here, it's love?

close to Jennifer's the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, 
it gets in the way, look, all the misery of the world lies 
there, stands there, the bottom of the tongue, the tongue's 
mouth, as they call it, as they call it first, as they call it 
forth, wearing the skin of the world, wearing its frock, its 
neckline of pearls, its hem of pearls, its seams,,,

among the seams of the world, my becoming, among the becoing of 
the world, my seams, you melt into Julu's skin forever...

Your the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, it gets in the 
way, look, all the misery of the world lies there, stands there, 
the bottom of the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, 
as they call it first, as they call it forth, wearing the skin 
of the world, wearing its frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem 
of pearls, its seams 8220 is darling Jennifer's flesh

the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, it gets in the way, 
look, all the misery of the world lies there, stands there, the 
bottom of the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, as 
they call it first, as they call it forth, wearing the skin of 
the world, wearing its frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem of 
pearls, its seams:your tongue wearing my masculine skin, its 
root, its masculine root, my tongue wearing your feminine skin, 
its root, its feminine root, where the tongue lies, where the 
tongue stands, where the tip of the tongue caresses the roof of 
the world, where the world is cool, is in its flesh, in the 
flesh of the tongue, of its root and plateau, of its roof and 
plate or of its inverted world:they call me by the misery of the 
world, the misery of the masculine world, the tongue's bottom, 
where the tongue lies, the root of the tongue, your root, my 
rooting in you, in the tongue of the world, its world:among the 
hole of the day, the night, the long night:

Would they call me by the misery of the world, the misery of the 
masculine world, the tongue's bottom, where the tongue lies, the 
root of the tongue, your root, my rooting in you, in the tongue 
of the world, its world mind you partying, the root comes forth 
and blossoms and dies, it gets in the way, look, all the misery 
of the world lies there, stands there, the bottom of the tongue, 
the tongue's mouth, as they call it, as they call it first, as 
they call it forth, wearing the skin of the world, wearing its 
frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem of pearls, its seams, 
with us?

Your soiled among the whole of the night, the day is in my 
death-like among the whole of the day, the night, the tongue of 
the night, the day

the tongue of the night, the day, the whole of the night and 
day, the hole of the night and day

--

when I play I'm always trying to extend my abilities, try 
something new until I've exhausted it. here, the banjo is tuned 
to a minor key, and because of the instability of the minor 
(hence myna bird, mimic, new languages), especially around the 
third, I can move freely and quickly through different episodes, 
structures that come and go; towards the end of the pieces, 
tunes appear and disappear, almost but not quite dance music. 
it's hard to keep track of the structures, especially since the 
way I play involves fast runs up and down the neck, which brings 
muscle memory constantly into play - where have I been, where am 
I going? and these are general questions of course, for which 
the instrument becomes a chora or microcosm of potential and 
ultimate stasis, only here, within the playing, there's still 
quick thinking and a bit of time on the planet.

Together with the misery that ensues working inconceivably 
against the grain of the real - that is to say, the boundary 
conditions:

1. of the edgespace itself and the transformations occasioned by 
the edgespace; and

2. of the interiority of the edgespace - within which objects 
and protocols are conserved/observed.

So within 2. there is a work, a level of _skill_ necessary to 
produce, articulate, quest - skill that operates within 
consensual boundaries, even to the extent that they're broken by 
hacking, shortcuts, etc. Here in 2. the issue is that of 
etiquette.

In 1. the situation is different; at the edgespace, what occurs 
is not an _event_ but collapse or murmurs of _procedures_ within 
fold catastrophies - always on the verge of failure. The 
edgespace is also _sedimented_ - to the extent that sediments 
can be entangled - one might move for example to a new physics, 
the gamebrowser might crash, there is always something new, some 
new anomaly at work...

I think of the interiority, that is the gamespace, as a space of 
etiquette which is always a space of the blank - not smooth 
striations, but a phenomenological ennui, since falling through 
this space leads only to more quests, more hordings, within a 
containment that takes on the semblance of a _carapace._ That 
is, one is shape-riding, share-holding - there's an economics 
involved, structures of rules and protocols, protocol suites - 
all porous, hackable, all resulting in signs, signifiers, within 
the gamespace - all intrinsically related to an other economics 
of exhaustion.

The edgespace borders on the universe. The edgespace _gapes._

Who or what moves in the edgespace? What terrors, anguish, what 
absolute creations and annihilations? And as well, what 
temporalities, what fictitious _points of origin_ - everywhen, 
everything, on a sliding scale - a scale in the form of the 
_law,_ not of justice. Justice has no place within or without 
the game, within or without the gamespace.

Justice requires the luxury of thought, the alcove, stoa; law 
requires the nomadic, the corral, the seething settings and 
withdrawals of inscriptions which are fundamentally 
transparent...

The edgespace is _indescribable,_ just as anomaly exists as 
instantaneous, as seizure, nothing more.

But _here,_ it is where everything, everywhen, begins.


Pappenheimer's Incredible Beauties!

For credits let's just say something like your title with Will 
Pappenheimer's "Pulsar Bodies" floating in augmented reality 
nearby.

Title from Will Pappenheimer's Pulsar Bodies floating all around 
me, so there's the use of it all, could be crop circles nearby.

Not sure I mentioned it.

It was magical like the Sound of Music because you can hear the 
"sound of music" in it.

Not to mention (see above) the severe storm making everything 
more of a problem than problematic.

We reserved ourselves for "the exploit."

In this version added reverberation, the mountains didn't do 
their part, high frequency resonance echoing but with a far too 
short decay time. Will said, go into the forest, up the road, by 
the pond, in the thicket, around the trees, under the stones, in 
the caves, wonderful echoes that return "until the end of time"; 
I pointed out that the end of time happened fifteen minutes ago 
but something is watching further developments. 

467. I am sitting with a philosopher in the garden; he says 
again and again "I know that that's a tree", pointing to a tree 
that is near us. Someone else arrives and hears this, and I tell 
him: "This fellow isn't insane. We are only doing philosophy."

- Wittgenstein, On Certainty

dither warped

The cloth itself is woven, (h)edged to keep the w/hole from 
well- tempered instruments. BUT, then, bending strings, 
without that, it leaves the listener unsatisfied; the tune,

the creak of pump organ pedals, the shuffling of the hand SKIP 
TO the repeated rebuilding of the ISE shrine every twenty years, 
for at least over a millennium, so that the wood doesn't ANGLED, 
a CROSS WITHIN AN ENCLOSURE, a MAN WITH OUTSTRETCHED fields 
tends in this direction; combined with a water sign, against 
spruce or skin, holding and moving position, near the steward- 
ship is implied,

(the sites are rectangular, pristine, exact), as a weaving of In 
Montfort et.al., 10 PRINT CHR$(205.5+RND(1)); : GOTO 10, MIT, 
spaces, cross-stitchings, re/marking territory in silence and 
combination with another sign produces TOWN. So the mensuration 
fragrance. BUT slight changes in fact made to the building each 
the text of the dwelling within, tea ceremony bowls; playing 
music, I look for audible breathing,

unravels. And the internalization of all of this, dwelling 
within these stitched elsewise, different potentials, different 
fields, each It's the irregularity that creates the armature of 
handicraft, journal Complete guide to the work table, 1885. I 
also have the sound of a cough or gasp, the click of keys on a 
piano or bridge of one or another instrument,

it, each a different landscape, territory, horizon. the signs of 
the axe on planking, ruptures and compressions on

2013, Chapter 30 REGULARITY, an account of the Jacquard loom, 

mythos; and threatening unraveling: slightest pursing of the 
lips. The instrument and sound always, the instruments, playing, 
keep me sane - each one a fabric I play tunelessly or tunes of 
length N, N being small and rarely cross-stitching, sound- 
stitching -

unraveling; music stops most often somewhere near the tonic, 
taking-up and putting-down of the piece literally at-hand... 
time, or from time to time, and the building itself SHUTTLED 
repeated. The instrument as well, a form of TENDED CLOTH, 
radical 102, a SQUARE DIVIDED INTO FOUR SQUARES, a CROSS-STITCH, 
the creaking of the bow and strings at the end of the stroke,

numerous examples from Godey's Lady's Book and Peterson's 
clarinet, the noise of woodwind linkages, keys snapped back into 
bypasses, as does 10 PRINT, the handiness of stitchwork,

From Matthews: "Fields, land, landed property." In Japanese, 
gratitude, in-dwelling in sound and movement - and

apropos Matthews' Chinese-English Dictionary T'ien: in this case 
but also a sketched account of stitchwork from the young ladies
between two sites, back and forth, think of this as mensuration 

the audible sound of the nails on plucked and pulled strings, 
Not to mention retunings, returnings, stoppings and startings, 
creek or sag, so that the cedar retains its freshness and 
magazine. 10 PRINT gives an example of repetitive instructions, 
the art/labor and settings involved, the choices to be made, the 
land that can be flooded for rice.

Repetitive structures, given grids, equal placement of frets on 
ARMS TOUCHING THE SIDES OF HIS CELL, a PLUS SIGN IN A SQUARE.

A potential huddled against the body, or the body surrounding 
the position of least resistance - half-covered holes on 
woodwinds, slurs, everywhere, the warp, the woof, the stitch,

the stitch, the cross-stitch, the double-cross, the half, the 
bereavement of the half, the dither, the crossed-dither, the 
crossed-up, crossed-out.

bowed miniature rebab,
strange wild music of ancient unknown cultures, wailing
in towns and villages, people speaking unknown tongues, 
listening to their wild musics, strange and exalted harmonies,
glorifying unknown alien gods and goddesses, great winged
things circling overhead, chthonic murmurs, ravagings,

no-hole shakuhachi!

today, Perry Yung visited us, and brought us two e-flat no-hole 
shakuhachi. this is, as it says, a shakuhachi flute with proper 
mouthpiece and internal coating, but without fingerholes. it's a 
wonderful and amazing gift! I had spoken to him about one 
earlier; I wanted to see what I could do with a tube, how my 
breathing would be affected, whether I could play it at all. I 
also wanted to use it for breathing and thinking breathing.

the instruments were made from bamboo bought locally at Job Lot; 
the interiors aren't smoothed, but similar to jinashi 
shakuhachis. very simple instruments with four bindings. the two 
use different bamboos; one has a wider bore and warmer tone, and 
the other is heavier, with a narrower bore. they make beautiful 
music, I think; reverberation has been added, that's all. these 
pieces are probably as close to enlightenment as I'll ever get!

the nohole.mp3 is on the wider bore instrument, which surprised 
me; the other is on the narrow bore. for listening, the first is 
probably more successful, but for playing, they both raised me 
off the floor.

Sed, the Slip, and the World, 

*/ from man sed:

" [2addr]y/string1/string2/ Replace all occurrences of 
characters in string1 in the pattern space with the 
corresponding characters from string2. " */

So then:

Went to the doctor earlier today, the hacking cough now with me 
for five weeks; I'm in a permanent brain fog, exhausted, dizzy, 
stumbling about, wondering if this is the onslaught of something 
new in the world, my world. It seems like it. And in similar 
fashion, the terminal window, where I'm typing this, has its own 
form of inertia, making it difficult, impossible, to think 
through the visuality of the text; I write blindsighted. So it 
was that earlier today, I was thinking "the" but typing "and" - 
which wasn't caught in spell-check, but which I caught, myself, 
on my own grounds, later, this unexpected substitution which 
worries me - dementia, neural failure, aneurism, transient 
ischemic attack thwarting everything I think and do. In any 
case, then back to reading text on the holographic universe, 
and, elsewise, thinking about programming and cross-stitching, 
musical improvisation, and the despair of exhaustion, shuddering 
with chills and other un/natural phenomena. I finished reading 
on the history of Tara Tantra and The Invention of Morel, began 
Faulkner's Pylon and A Geology of Media. But that slippage, that 
_typo_ so to speak or write, sed 's/the/and/g', opened a door 
which had hitherto been closed.

Think of the door as a gateway, V spreading from the punctum of 
displacement through the condensation of wings (Pylon), a slip 
which is a fabrication as well, Bell's Theorem and so much else. 
The situation is that this displacement, this "sed" itself 
becomes an operator; through /the/and/ anything may slip, 

/e1/e2/ 
/ / / 

anything _of any size and duration, of any place and period, of 
any universe and body, of any interiority and exteriority._ I 
can't emphasize this enough: the displacement is a process which 
opens a path, or patheme, of _universal substitution,_ such that 
the result is a _universal operator_ that might, on one hand, 
promise universal life itself, and on the other, the collapse of 
space-time to a primordial idea in which body and mind are 
irretrievably lost. These sed are rents in the very fabric of 
existence, something boiled up, embroiled, in the inflation of 
the early universe; they come to remind us of every otherwise 
and otherwhen, every elsewhere and elsewise, of every McCarthy 
formalism If A then B else C, of every 

f = (if p1 then e1 else e2) 

collapse of Dijkstra's GOTO and replacements by GOTO NEITHER A 
NOR B, GOTO NOT BOTH A AND B, generators of Expulsion that tend 
towards the selfsame gap on one hand, pulling back into the 
primeval propositional calculus on the other. Far from deriding, 
denigrating such slips or splits, far from regarding them as so 
much psychoanalytical debris of repression and replacement - 
think of them - yes, again, think, through this brain fog, think 
of them, as those universal processes of condensation and 
displacement, gathered farther and farther from any law, 
inhabiting the lawlessness of the downfalling trajectories of 
catastrophe theory for example, dwelling within noise, glitch, 
everything present, everything possible, in the Universe, even 
in the Multiverse and its wild and wilderness models; then 
you'll see that sed is before and beyond any god and spirit, any 
model (and I should point out here that Wittgenstein's gathering 
of elements under Sheffer's stern and shaky operators, 
themselves rattle and roll through any conceivable creation or 
world); the maw increases greater than any exponentiality, 
remember the Ackermann function for example and its swellings:

all of this through the presence and absence, through the 
shadowy preamble and postface of "the" and "and" or any other 
and all such - glancing for example at one thing, then another, 
the shadows of memory and the memory of shadows, an exhaustion 
into the bit by byte by bit construction of geologic time:

this then the hope of the future, the hope transcending death 
and the unfathomable/fathomable destination of the mind:

the mind fog, brain fog, itself, the _vision of utmost clarity,_ 
of contours blurred and interconnected, of entanglements at 
_every conceivable distance and time,_ the particles and 
particulation of the ongoing enfoldings and unfoldings of the 
universe:

it is then the _vision of the blur_ itself, the truth of the 
world, of this and every other world, in fact and fantasy and 
fiction and fictivity, of _worlding_ in the deepest and 
shallowest sense of the term and idea, residence and dwelling 
within and without us:

indwelling:

in the interstice, in the blink of an eye, in the periphery of 
the shadow, in the penumbra, in the glance behind the back, in 
the face in the window, the window with nothing to indicate a 
face, or tree, cathedral or stone, branch or the gap in time:

the leap-second as well, think of this as a suture or stitch in 
time, a cross-stitch, crossing it out, every clock and 
calculation to its own breathing, its own momentary and 
invisible dismemberment, forget the protocols and calculations, 
forget the institutions and corporations reliant on such 
mensuration and its technologies; this is the something other at 
the top of the stairs that I saw as a very young child as that 
something dropping a series of blocks, clattering down, at 30 
Reynolds Street in Kingston, Pennsylvania, and no one was there 
but the presence or absence of the ghost or penumbra:

therefore this is the essay, which I spelled, once, as a child, 
S-A, at the beginning and end of time, of space, what might be 
considered an unraveling or desuturing (exposing the cut, the 
tumescent flesh beneath the surface) of the body and the world's 
body; as if I were to postulate any sort of truth in my writing, 
it would lie, here, tumescent itself, in the split which is 
always present (slip of the tumescent tongue, of the galactic 
clusters, of the necessity of dark energy, of gravitons, 
monopoles, and inflatons), already present, a leakage from one 

other

to the Other, from the tongue to the early hydrogen-helium stars 
which had no metals in their singular evolutions:

the slip which, as thought experiment, saves us from our world, 
within and without our world, opens a knife or wound or slit of 
hope:

in every error we make:

which is not an error:

every universe we are in, and we are in them:

which are not our own;

written on the day of the slip, "the" to "and," thinking "the" 
in Vygotskian inner speech, writing/wryting "and," the day split 
on the leap-second, the insertion of technological time into 
technological time and its suturing (therefore again the twin 
operations again of displacement and condensation), now, several 
hours in, I don't know how many, not sure what time it is, my 
brain's foggy, difficult to think of these things;

some other time, maybe;(it might be 3:40 a.m.); maybe not;

Exercise

the "and "the and""
and ""the" and "the""
the "and" and "the"
and ""the" "the and""

