

Afghani toy/miniature Rubab

The instrument, toy or tourist or ornament or miniature,
is set up with seven strings, including two drones. Very
small, very high-pitched, incessant, crossing-over, 
again, the range of my tinnitus; the mp3 cut off sound
above 16k or so. Difficult to play because of its size
and string-spacing. Flat black, probably shoe-polish,
with some sort of plastic/mother-of-pearl inlay. While
playing I kept thinking of 'pushing onward,' repetition,
deserts, rocks, oral chants. 

Five string banjo tuning, kernel structures *

* Cecil Taylor by way of linux

Tuning the instrument, minor/major in banjo0 improvisation
using fractal/crystalline structure strange trajectories,
loosing; major in banjo1; I think - other than (for me),
the amazing quality of the solos, these present the 
clearest examples I know of how my music is structured
(since no one interviews me, I turn to self-sonic
elucidation). This particular instrument turns out 
possibly to be unique, Tonk Brothers, Philadelphia, 1890-
1910 or so. No other examples of this one online. Enjoy.

violat

everything i do is grotesque, misshapen
the sooner i get to space and time the better
the music screeches in my mind and i remember
doug saying he can't draw any more because the
pencil screams when he presses it on the paper

the music has its own teeth and melody
the music is a thief and harbinger of evil
it's stingy it won't allow me near it
what i think about is how violat it is
and how it screams when i try to play it

everything in my life won't let me near it
everything turns violent and plays my skin
my skin is an instrument of space and time
my skin is grotesque and misshapen

what i do is try to wear the music
the sooner i get to space and time the better

tungg

the TUNGG of the thing where SPEECH is PROSCRIBED

now i am safe here when i can rise
and place my tiny worlds out of site and mind
my tiny worlds are safe from everyone
and it doesn't matter if i can scream
i have a tungg and i can scream
my tiny worlds are safe from you 
my tiny worlds are safe from me
i sing
my tiny worlds where are you now
my tiny worlds where are you now
you're safe from me and safe from them
you're safe from me and safe from them
my tiny worlds you are my tungg
my tiny worlds you are my tungg
my tiny worlds my tungg and you
my tiny worlds my tungg and you

sheaves

how nice, why so much music? why so much music? i work on surge 
theory with very little response; now, three of us are working 
together on a cd, Threnody, Shorter Discourses of the Buddha - 
everything on it has to be a combination of centrifugal and 
centripetal forces, flight and border or potential well, 
emptiness, the rush from life and death towards space and time, 
survival in a cold-death universe of annihilations. again there 
will be very little response; great reviews don't translate into 
sales or distribution or breaking even, or anything that might 
allow me, us, to go on, and i sense an ending just around the 
corner, children and grownups flee from me, as far back as i 
remember, animals yowl, plants wilt, mewl and slumber, forms 
slowly wander their uneasy path of disappearance

soon the music will be done and gone, disks to give away, no one 
listens, no one returns our calling

Why I love to play music.

1. I can.
2. I'm good at it.
3. It's good exercise.
4. It fills me with wonder.
5. Time slows up.
6. My lungs strengthen.
7. I don't have to listen to the street.
8. My depression lightens.
9. I tend to something besides me.
10. I pretend to do new things.
11. I pretend to explore new structures.
12. It puts me in a 'zone.'
13. My tinnitus is forgotten.
14. I communicate to someone else.
15. I train my ear.
16. I don't think about anything.
17. My hands and fingers grow stronger.
18. My hands and fingers grow quicker.
19. The music pushes me.
20. I inhabit a world of comfortable discomfort.
21. I go to the limit of my ability.
22. I explore microhistories around me.
23. My instruments present an anthropology.
24. I both silence and open myself.
25. I dwell in the world.
26. Neurosis recedes.
27. I am aware of sound in time.
28. I'm always surprised by where I am.
29. I do something I'm not trained to do.
30. I burn calories of creativity.
31. Music is the body's interiority.
32. Later theorizing is crystalline and clear.
33. Enlightenment is slowly approached.
34. I hear my singing voice (I cannot sing).
35. I don't have to worry about someone else's rhythm.
36. I trust my instruments for perfect playing.
37. Wood and metal, reed and nylon, greet me.
38. I can do something others can't.
39. It's the only sport I'm good at.
40. Practice and creation become one.
41. I become one with objects and dynamics.
42. I become one with sound and movement.
43. I become one with breath and physical reach.
44. I become sound and I become.
45. I dwell in becoming.
46. I sound and I dwell in sounding.
47. I dialog with and tend to my instruments.
48. Temperature, pressure, and humidity control me.
49. My control is given as a gift.
50. I am in a state of furious peace.
51. My speed is a positive, not a liability.
52. I explore untoward structures.
53. I inhabit these structure and extend them.
54. The world is sounding and amazing.
55. I will return to the world enriched.
56. I can listen to the world and what I have made.
57. I can listen to the making of the world.
58. I can listen to the world making me.
59. I can do something well and can do good.
60. My daemons momentarily disappear.
61. My daemons momentarily return.
62. My music is a gift for the people I love.
63. My music is uncanny.
64. I don't have to worry about tonic return.
65. The return to the world is never the same.
66. I inhabit an inconceivable sonic architecture.
67. I commune with others who commune with me.
68. I am part of a sonic world of friends.
69. Time stops and I am still alive.
70. I will leave something behind when I die.
71. I will leave gifts and dwellings for others.
72. And I will never have to worry about tonic return.

preparation of production
production of preparation

1. I don't have names for the pieces at this point.
2. Pieces are 4' or under.
3. Pieces are the Shorter Discourses of the Buddha.
4. Production of production and preparation of preparation.
5. Instrument names are not names.
6. I don't have the order down at all.
7. My nails are strong and my fingers supple.
8. "Yet my nails are strong and my fingers supple."
9. The qin, at any moment, out of tune.
10. Viola bowing leaves a lot to be desired.
11. Alpine zither and electric guitar = rough on fingers.
12. Risky gamble of maverick clarinet.
13. Balance Azure singing with embedding and clarity.
14. Cords, chords, and braid = sonic sheaves.
15. Sound remaining, for a moment, after I die.
16. The unclarity of the sound remaining.
17. Today I practice jinashi shakuhachi, alto clarinet, 
clarinet, electric guitar, viola, anything to keep myself
moving. These are the best for the fingers and lungs. 
Tomorrow the sazs, pipa, oud, Alpine zither, qin, others
that building on the simpler architectures of the western
lands. I read myself into a state of forgetting. How to
name the pieces, order them, keep them to the assigned
limits as if they were born to the length of a shorter
older singing. How to ignore the screams outside the 
window here, now, as if what mattered only were internal
resonances, murmurings of the worlds, skies elsewhere, 
and my thinking all through this, summed up in one word,
Palmyra.

no-strings shakuhachi

no-one listens to these pieces, no-one speaks, no-thing
no-strings in these pieces, no-comments, no-community
empty pieces *

* on Facebook or G+ please click 'like' etc. if you listen
to these pieces, else please do not click 'like' on these
pieces

* these pieces are no-string pieces for jiari shakuhachi
that are one piece swallows other pieces, arising and
dependent on revrev, pitch shift, power grid, calculus,
protocol, listening to no-string pieces, that is 
no-breath pieces, that is jiari shakuhachi *

* today i realize i am invisible in every medium, hence
no-string shakuhachi, you will listen to no-breath jiari
shakuhachi, that is transformation, that is emptiness
dependent-arising, that is vac-kwak, no-breath no-strings

jiari shakuhachi playing for me, inward :: jiari, modern tuned
bore, wider, i think constantly of these modes, as i see them,
jinashi-jiari, * these pieces are no-string pieces for jiari
shakuhachi no-breath pieces, that is jiari shakuhachi *
no-string shakuhachi, you will listen to no-breath jiari

qing host and cou ghgh ost

sick still with a bad flu turned to bacterial infection so the 
fever's gone away but the cough's turned furious, twists around 
to hurt me, one of us cries out in the night, violent ghost 
inside me, hungry ghost to get out fast, red dust to choke me, 
no escape, the ghost of the qing qin looms over the bed, science 
logic shattered, i'm yelling, suffocated, making-sense wraiths 
flutter there, life's the long scream home, walls and doors 
shattered, so the good boy in the middle of the night wanders 

sick still he doesn't come back, he's out there, he doesn't 
return, has these things, left them for you, life's a failure 
over, closing down then, thinking bad thoughts then, moment's 
crashed itself then, it's closing time then, qing qin ghost 
descending, coughcoughgh ghghost on the rise

the lake

the train stopped. the trapped.
it started. the lake sound. the trapped.
i remember. it stopped. the trapped.

that which produces the past tense

become, having been, past; actually happened; existing, present; 
being (_compounded with a predicate, especially a substantive, 
to form adjectives; adverbs are thus turned into the 
corresponding adjectives_); mixed or joined with; purified; 
being (_divine, human, animal, and even vegetable_); good being 
(V.); created thing; world (V.; gnly. n.); uncanny being, 
spirit, ghost, goblin (C.); n. past; fact, reality, actual 
occurrence; welfare; element (_esp. the gross elements, earth, 
water, fire, air, ether; of which the body is supposed to be 
composed and into which it is dissolved_); that which produces 
the past tense, augment; creator of beings; the host of created 
beings, host of spirits; aggregate of created beings, community 
of creatures; multitude of spirits; moving among beings (Siva); 
investigation of the elements; believer in _the doctrine that_ 
mind _is produced from material elements_); verity, condition of 
created beings, tenderness towards all creatures, origin of 
created beings; having the form of a goblin.

(mod from Macdonnell, A Practical Sanscrit Dictionary)

wander about, rove, roam, ramble

finding 

the sound through dizziness, loss of concentration, fogginess, 
forgetfulness, two banjo tunings played for the first time, 
losing track, recapitulating, returning, transforming, 
forgetting, refinding the transforming, fitting and retrofitting 
the transforming, returning to forgotten beginnings, or 
returning somewhere else, odd tunings leading the way, the first 
slower, rougher, elegiac, the second smoother, exalting, faster, 
fastest, defocused world, chills, shivering, confusion, 
semiconscious, state of wanton speed, fuzziness, fugue state, 
repeating, braiding the sound, sonic phrases, storehouses, 
compartments, abandonments, maroonings, isolation chambers, 
meandering, wayward stumbling, finding returning, finding chills 
and wanton, finding sonic maroonings, finding meandering, 
finding else, elsewise, elsewhere, elsewhen, fugue sound, 
sheaves, body not in body, memory of some sound, somewhere,
somewhen, braiding

this is the sound when i think of making music, that is not 
music, that is sound that is the sound of thinking music making, 
that is not thinking when the sound is good, that is dizziness, 
falling down, lurching, that is the goodness of the sound

storm brew

storm is brewing out here, hasapi kept going out of tune, wind 
hollowed, continued the resonance of the rear sound-hole, 
finally coming to an end, rain and wind were picking up, i held 
on to what territory i had, submergence, holding the cough back 
as well for a few moments

as if something were tearing at the music, rending the fabric

then there's the hasapi going out of tune but always somehow 
coming back _into it_ as if there were a home there even in the 
wind and rain, doing what i do best maybe, braiding sound, still 
uselessly hoping for a breakthrough otherwise - book published, 
big concert, promotion, amazing grant, something curing the 
gnawing of my throat against my throat, that thin closure -
looking up and through the Local Cluster, amazed at the 
confluence of processes resulting in life on this planet, such a 
think edge of fecundity in the midst of catastrophe, 
annihilation - the Local Cluster coming closer, the storm 
increasing, flashes now outside, where i was something about the 
rain, the brewing storm, soon i'll remember, i'll remember soon 
-

Omaha Bluejay Music

drove across us providence to omaha 23 1/2 hours 
we were up for 38 hours, now playing clarinet to
bluejays gathered around the porch between thunder
storms to listen to my own personal ornithology
this time they're enveloped in silence & admiration
i was so well pleased at the enjoyment promised to
come back for more & they were so well pleased

& i wanted to see how long i could drive like that


occurrence of the sound held back
occurrence of the sound drift
occurrence of the transform sound and music
occurrence of music

Images of a Ladakhi flute, given to me by Fred Lieberman, an 
ethnomusicologist and qin expert. The flute is constructed with 
reed, tar, and duct tape, and has an architecture similar to 
Native American flutes (see the Wikipedia article on the 
subject). Lieberman speculated there was a historic cultural 
relationship between the two groups. I had an Albert System C 
clarinet - this was decades ago - and I gave it to him; he 
wanted to play klezmer, and we were friends. In return, he gave 
me the Ladakhi instrument as a gift; he said he had gotten it in 
Ladakh. I remember all of this poorly, and am fascinated by the 
potential musical parallels between the Native American regions 
and Ladakh. I hope the National Music Museum will research this. 
And how accurate is my memory of his recounting, after so many 
years? (I had to keep the flute refrigerated, by the way so that 
the tar would retain its shape.)

threnody, ululations, protection of clarinet, viola, shakuhachi,
vectors and transformations, for giuseppi logan, for my friends
who have committed suicide, for the unutterable, for the 
intolerable, for the moment of hearing and listening, for the
world's murmur, for the long moan, for the longer

what does it materr what i'm playing here the instrument of the 
pipa takes on a life of its own tenug i tell you tengu they are 
occupying must therefore revert to the REED which will salvation 
everything left of the sound drained into something else these 
are getting closer to what circumambulation of the central core 
or figure which has the marks of the pukpuk within them granting 
me power to play SUCh as would liseten to this musick and 
reverence or beign to comprehend what has occurred HAS NOT nor 
ever will thus occur AGAINn within or the face of this EARTH a 
solitary figure wanders in the upermost reeches of the mynd and 
you here the resultz here and for the first and LST time 
something which has never nevr been achieved will come forth 
from me as if my skin my very sinew is torn apart so that 
emergence occurs that produces an EFect in the machine of 
noisesound you might here if you listen close enug fo to the 
sound producing it is not i say DESpair but nor something else 
or swollen something exact or monstrous in the midst of the 
CHEST where MYND originate we know that for a fact do we not no 
matter what others say what others speaking into brass or wood 
or reedcanne that makes up what we call the animale within ys if 
that is truth nor do i know it no know it not you might find you 
would exhalatation to the spiryt which cometh forth in the 
DWELling of the nyte when those of us are playing what we have 
LIRNED at the natural order presenattation of being There when 
no one else is looking it holds me tight to its breast it 
suckles me i produce i canot help myself this cometh forth this 
is without peer this is nonparallel and without peer when humans 
lirn to listen then with this speak to you


The thick core is cored, tangled strands appear and disappear,
generally I avoid the blurred chaos at work here; here, they're
celebrated, embraced; the notes are there; in 1, the long-
necked saz door is shut; in 2, the door is open, the bass moves
forward; in both the weaving of a rope useful for a suspension
or bridge; as if the core were cored, swallowed; music goes
down into spatial striations, thick time; Surge sound, model of
future life; an engine; engine without substance; imaginary
engine of the future perfect; the core cored; the Down.

Surge no-purpose music

[:] there's nothing useful
[:] there's nothing that can be used for anything
[:] you can start off here with earth
[:] then there are form and limitations and
you can write Earth and not earth
[:] you can write earth
[:] when you write earth, then there are things of forms
and limits and there are many of them
[:] when there are many of them, they have organs
[:] they have blood and they make sea and land
[:] they make flesh and bone and they make energy
[:] they use energy to make energy
[:] limitations collapse into perfect compression
[:] compression is the beginning of atom
[:] compression is the beginning of world
[:] world forgets time and space
[:] there is no purpose and no purpose is the bone of
time and space
[:] no purpose is the making of time and space
[:] there is no other making
[:] one begins and ends with origins
[:] origins are beginnings and endings
[:] listen to origins and observe beginnings and endings
[:] nothing can be performed
[:] nothing can be made to start and transform into
action
[:] action is never a performance
[:] to perform is to stand still
[:] to perform is to die
[:] act without purpose without limitations
[:] act without beginnings and ends
[:] act without formation of Earth and earth
[:] to act SUCH is to act
[:] to act is to transform into space and into time
[:] to transform into space and into time is to SURGE
[:] to SURGE is SUCH
[:] to SURGE
[:] SURGE is music
[:] SURGE is musical art and the art of music
[:] MUSIC is present only when it is absent
[:] when it is absent there is space and time
[:] when it is absent SPACE and TIME disappear
[:] without demarcation, without the MARK
[:] SPACE and TIME are non-existent
[:] one becomes space and time
[:] one becomes unmarked
[:] UNMARKED one is transformed
[:] into pure ONTOLOGY
[:] when one is transformed
[:] into PURE ONTOLOGY
[:] then music begins
[:] when there is a listener there is no MUSIC
[:] when there is a player there is no MUSIC
[:] MUSIC played is not MUSIC
[:] one one is present, there is no MUSIC
[:] when there is ONE there is NOTHING
[:] when there is NOTHING there is neither space nor time
[:] MUSIC is ABSENCE
[:] EXISTENCE is ABSENCE
[:] NON-EXISTENCE is MUSIC
[:] nothing is SORTED-OUT
[:] there is no SORTING because there is no DEMARCATION 
and there is no MARKER
[:] 
[:] 
[:] 


braid brayed
alto recorder, irish banjo, pipa -
or read this, 
i can't listen to myself at this point, self loathing, so what
disgusted with the speed and soulless effrontery who cares
screwed up, so what, stupid refrain this so what

the (introjection and projection) braid. The static limits may 
(applause) she's dancing beautifully, she's combing and binding 
and braiding (applause) she's dancing beautifully, she's combing 
and binding and braiding

A medical model implies internal flows, striations, identities, 
vulnerabilities, immunological defenses, maintenance and so 
forth. Emphasis is on the cohering of parts, membranes and 
molecular channels. Organism runs from within; emanent runs from 
without. An emanent may be defined as an image or apparition 
whose body and mind are elsewhere, an entity that exists in 
relation to the jectivity braid, and has apparent, but not 
genidentical, identity. Of course the organic body itself is 
genidentical only to a limited extent.

All choices are braided, contingent, contiguous. The the 
discrete is And of the theory of knots. The midst of the 
embraiding of sheaves with Clearly the abject lies within the 
primordial, the braid is braid of Disturbance of Body in 
cybermind, cock jewel, shaft of braided gold.

Human skin under the microtome, sheave-skin burrowed into by 
camera position. Here is the necessity of Madhyamika, 
co-dependent origination, depend co-origination, braided mind, 
image, imaginary, entity, real and virtual within, inhering to 
the true world. Striated, variegated transformations 
characterize life; the Visible Human Project transforms organism 
into emanent, habitus into data-base.

Jennifer, continuing sheaf braid. Oh handshaking towards 
fruition? Not always, but almost always, avatars are smaller 
than one's physical body, or appear so.

One might begin by considering language as fundamentally ikonic, 
that within the preconscious ('repository' of syntactics, 
short-term memory - another metaphor) language is clothed, 
associated with the true world.  Language then is structured 
like the unconscious, and the unconscious does not necessarily 
splay the real. Bodies, organic and emanent (and 'organic' 
references the machinic phylum as well), inhere to mind, 
minding, tending, a posteriori interpretation and hermeneutics. 
Reading the body is embodying, is against the background of 
incarnation. Sheave-skins need not react or appear to sense as 
organic skins; the feedback is often visual or aural, not 
proprioceptive. Within the jectivity braid, this is an 
epistemological issue, not one of fundamental locus. On the 
other hand (real or virtual), one can abandon the emanent; 
abandoning the organic is deadly.  Proceed backwards from this, 
from the irretrievable, intolerable, finality of death, and 
reading bodies, and bodily risk, become wildly disparate. 
Nevertheless both inhabit the true world, mind inhabits both, 
albeit often in qualitatively different manners, depending on 
ontology.

Ontologies occur in local domains, rub raw against each other, 
problematize each other. Who decided this one or that one as 
primordial? What's fundamental is the mixed mess, the braid. At 
least as far as we're concerned, the braid. Sheaves/braids/self- 
cancellation. What twists, knots the octahedron.

The plastic limits of the body are the limits of body-inherency, 
whether 'real' or 'virtual' or other category - the limits of 
the image carried by the jectivity (introjection and projection) 
braid. The static limits may be considered formal-measurable 
limits, whether in one or another space.

Cave Residency During IRQ3

Untitled ongoing performance (Alan Sondheim, Description)

During IRQ3, I had a residency in the Brown University Cave for 
the duration of the conference. Kathleen Ottinger, Azure Carter, 
and I worked together; we had also worked on a number of pieces 
for at least half a year before that. There were three pieces in 
the Cave itself, collaborations between Kathleen and myself. 
Kathleen did the programming and visuals, and she and I "wrote 
into" and through each other's texts beforehand, producing 
scripts that became independent work. These pieces are her own, 
with my textual collaboration. (I figure Cave setup and 
rehearsal for the performance as a whole was about 40 hours 
in-Cave and maybe 100 in-studio.)

The Cave has both visuals and sound; during the conference, the 
sound originated from one of two laptops I set up in the room. 
This laptop was projected with into the room; the image was on 
the right-hand wall. The Cave was physically only a small part 
of the room - perhaps a sixth - so there was plenty of room for 
other elements.

In other words, the first laptop split sound and image; the 
image was projected across the room, and the sound came from the 
speakers surrounding the Cave.

The second laptop was projected into the room, through the room 
projector, onto a screen, and the sound was sent through the 
large room speakers.

Both laptops had capabilities to run virtual worlds, and I used 
three virtual worlds during the conference:

1. My residency area in Second Life, the most popular online 
virtual world. The area is in the Odyssey sim, and was capable 
of video texturing, mesh modeling, and complex physics / avatar 
behaviors.

2. My three sims in MacGrid, an experimental/research world, 
with completely modifiable physics and highly malleable 
landforms. I have an in-world theater set up in the grid, and 
can project into it.

3. A local Opensim virtual world on both laptops, with different 
architectures on each; the fundamental configuration or .iar 
file was downloaded from the MacGrid.

There were, most often, two world projected simultaneously into 
the room.

One of the laptops also housed a configuration for Bambuser, an 
online application which creates personal online video channels. 
This laptop had a small usb light attached; at times the camera 
would pick up the room, but most often Azure's face. The channel 
would then be sent into onto objects in Second Life; the 
textures were modified to image her face alone, without any 
background. The image was usually inverted, but through 
feedback, there were also smaller 'guide' images with her face 
normal.

The face/image was embedded in the Second Life objects, with 
objects intersecting it, surrounding it. The appearance was 
ghostly, real-time, and uncanny.

In this situation, Azure would sing a number of songs, many of 
which have appeared on our cds or lps. These songs were fed into 
one or more SuperCollider programs, designed according to 
specifications, by Luke Damrosch. The suite of programs is 
called "revrev" and allows a musician to work with live reverse 
reverberation - what I call an anticipatory music - the 
reverberation building up to the enunciation of the sound, a 
head instead of a tail. Combining programs allows for a thick, 
more complex way of working with this. The programs also 
involved multiple coherent streams or chords stemming from the 
original sound-source, for example parallel streams a fifth 
above and below the original tones. The programs all ran from a 
prompt, and the parameters could be changed in process.

At times, I would also use alto clarinet, either to accompany 
Azure, or to create independent sounds which worked with the 
Cave room resonances; these often used a small instrument 
amplifier. One of my goals was to keep everything acoustically 
balanced; live revrev created an environment which could quickly 
go out of control. (I also used a standard clarinet to play into 
revrev directly at times.)

The video feeds included other elements - the two main sources 
included pre-recorded materials, and texts.

The pre-recorded materials were produced at NYU's motion capture 
studio, with the help of Mark Skwarek. I worked with two 
performers who did one of two things:

1. The performers moved at the edge of the recording space, 
producing deliberate glitches or anomalies that distorted the 
figures.

2. The mocap markers were remapped among the two performers - 
representing a single avatar; as the performers moved in 
topologically complex ways, the projected avatar in the mocap 
room broke up in various ways. The result was an avatar that 
appeared more as an emanation from the performers, than as an 
embodiment of them.

These are techniques I've used close to a decade, in order to 
create avatar distortions that represent avant-dance, wounding, 
death throes, hysteria, desire, pain, and political issues. The 
videos that were made at NYU (just a few weeks earlier) were 
linked together in a half-hour piece that was played at times, 
as a marker or punctum of what was occurring in the virtual 
worlds.

The second main source of the video feeds was a series of texts 
I would write into the virtual worlds themselves; these appeared 
as chats on the side of the image. The texts were improvised and 
related to the ongoing mise en scene in-world.

The virtual world imagery was always, always complex and 
difficult to navigate in-world; for the spectator, it was also 
difficult to disentangle. This was deliberate; the result, and 
one of the main contents of the imagery, was the representation 
of extreme states of mind, which related to the ongoing crises 
of violence in the U.S., Africa, the Mid-East, and so on. The 
primary source for me, for all of this, was the special topic 
Johannes Birringer and I co-moderated for the empyre email list 
in November, 2014, "ISIS, Absolute Terror, Performance" - a 
topic which considered issues of torture, beheading, violence, 
anguish, and fear, for the month. The distorted avatars I work 
with - distorted because of the distorted movement - go all the 
way back to 2011, a 2nd topic for the same, this time with Sandy 
Baldwin, on "Pain, Desire, and Death," in the real and virtual 
(I'm not sure of the exact title). Both of these and my mocap 
lab work resulted in over 100 bvh files - these are files that 
represent real-life performer movement - that could then be fed 
into a virtual world, to animate an avatar or avatars. The 
process is difficult but the result are these distortions.

So the most recent distortions, from NYU, would be projected; 
other in-world projections were live and in-world, and could be 
viewed in-world by another avatar; this is an important element 
of interactivity I work with. The in-world projections, then, 
resulted in the avatars moving wildly on the screen, creating 
particle emanations in the form of nude human warriors and 
charred bodies, and "dancing" with symbols made to represent 
ISIS and other forms of terror. All of this is at fairly 
high-speed.

The revrev was heard from three sources - Avatar's voice itself; 
the revrev fed through either the projector speakers or the Cave 
speakers; and the revrev fed through the virtual worlds, as if 
it were emanating within them.

All of this created a mobile and fluid sonic architecture, one 
that, for me, defined or modified the fixity of the Cave itself; 
room resonances and speaker interactions, beat frequencies, 
etc., all came into play. The sound was a hollowed organic body 
tied to, yet not tied to, the Cave pieces and the ongoing 
transformations visible in the projected images. I imaged a 
sonic bubble, almost a galactic bubble, in which there were 
occurrences both alien and domestic; texts would appear and 
disappear in the space, always grounded by the Cave pieces which 
were purely textual. Most of my time in the Cave was used for 
either working within the virtual worlds, or "tuning" the space 
itself - and the latter began to fascinate me. The sounds and 
images resonated with each other; the four sound streams had 
their own internal resonances; the darkness or brightness in the 
room affected the texture mapping and readability of the 
in-world texts, and so forth. Conditions were constantly 
changing. The room itself was always on the edge of feedback; I 
had to keep the revrev sounding full, but not overloading the 
in-world sounds, and not screeching. We used a lavalier mic to 
correct this in parts.

The tuning of the room relates to the tuning of the body itself; 
much of my work deals with the labor involved in production, 
especially dance or music production (and the performers for the 
original mocap were almost all dancers); in this residency, 
labor was represented by voice and instrument, but also by the 
sheer weight of the production, which involved constantly 
adjusting the equipment and its position in the room. So even 
though the body was close to invisible (except for the video 
textures from Bambuser) on the screen, it was present in the 
sense of sonic architecture, the body of the piece, the galactic 
bubble, and so forth.

Artists:

Kathleen Ottinger
Azure Carter
Alan Sondheim
Luke Damrosch

Thanks to John Cayley for the opportunity.

Thanks also to:

Mark Skwarek, Johannes Birringer, Foofwa d'Imobilite, Sandy 
Baldwin, Kira Sedlock, Frances van Scoy, Patrick Lichty, 
Columbia College, West Virginia University, NYU, Brown 
University

playing inward, playing outward

jinashi, natural bore, i can't begin to write into or through 
this. but the bamboo speaks, one inhabits the bamboo, buki1, 
playing for me, inward :: jiari, modern tuned bore, wider, 
precise, i think of this as an instrument, the sound a visitor 
or visitation, it's here that i'd take my distance.

i can't play either of them, they relax me, i am capable of calm 
thought, thinking through sound, and somewhere between the two 
of them my own music, sonic architecture, lies, the uncanny body 
of the player and instrument, the porous membrance of world and 
organism, entangled, of no substance, nothing tangled, nothing 
untangled, certainly nothing clear breath, modes among them

i think constantly of these modes, as i see them, jinashi-jiari, 
and since my voice cannot carry a tune, in my sleep, among the 
dream-hall, un-dream-screen (why always so visual), emergent, 
these sounds, smeared, coughed among others, inward breath, 
outward breathing, something gathering, hakuin, something,
but certainly not music

thanks to monte levenson and perry yung for their brilliant work 
(levenson's shakuhachi, yung's reconditioning)

"He develops the investigation-of-states enlightenment factor 
dependent on seclusion, on fading away, on cessation, resulting 
in relinquishment." "'Contemplating fading away, I shall breathe 
in,' thus he trains himself, 'contemplating cessation, I shall 
breathe out,' thus he trains himself." (from Anapanasata Sutti, 
in Mindfulness of Breathing, Buddhists texts from the Pali Canon 
and Commentaries, trans. Bhikkhu Nanamoli, Buddhist Publication 
Society)

1 variety the surface of my work is full inconsistency. styles 
change abruptly; characters that were used up; new appear at 
times, only to disappear, write in background. media from text 
audio/video/image/web/performance and back again; kernel 
coheres. i am bored probably bore easily; investigate domain 
symbolic viewpoint messiness, messiness symbolic. codes 
languaging are always background, disseminated, dissimulated. 2. 
orders natural which leaks through manageriality; abjection 
smears devolves into incoherency; aphasias disorders real; brute 
insistent protocols; sexualities, acculturations, languagings 
body; materiality mathematical idealities; idealities physical 
materiali- ties; economics political symbolic, abstraction, 
geographic - all these subjects work, just as subject their 
fragile monarchic domains. 3. quantity distribution no 
distribution, infinite. phenomenological horizon commonality 
usage. distributivity unobtainable. art a praxis practice. also 
shearing-away, habit habitus. nudge. it won't survive net. 4. 
common themes theme hardening collapse attempting grasp 
'otherwise.' argument against totalization. violence code broken 
code. inhabiting broken. disaster. 5. staying with if you stay 
it, will come, sensate. begin anywhere, can end anywhere. what 
conceivable purpose would be conclusion? history perhaps, 
phenomenology history, rocky landscape stumbled over. i'd say 
works your brain, but that's presumptuous. mine, symptomology. 
tropes, symptoms cross-reference, you'll see. cross-reference. 
might not want it. never come.

the body of Rebeca hurry
of Rebecca hurry
25 1778

this Irish banjo has four strings, short neck, an octave and a 
fourth, no resonator, very old, dark, almost clunky sound, I 
tune it like a tenor guitar, I work on modules and segues, and 
at one point, I wanted to be interviewed, wanted to present this 
way of playing, these sliding tones that return under new 
guises, neither end nor beginning, sound that might continue 
indefinitely, but there was no interviewer, I think to myself 
that maybe I'm just 'noodling' as Gary said, doing nothing much 
on the instrument, it's snowing hard now, it's the snow of 
Joyce's short story, death looms in this weather, breathes down 
upon us

for Rebeca hurry

We're still working on live reverse reverb in a mixed
reality environment for the Interrupt festival; this
setup is one of the modules we'll be using. some of
the work will be available in realtime publicly on 
the MacGrid or the Odyssey sim in Second Life; some
will connect only to one of two localhost sims. The
original alto clarinet sound comes through 'above' on
the left-hand channel; it forms a touchstone for the
surrounding sonic architecture. 

the audio might be the strangest I've made; there are
two stages - live revrev with running two parallel 
programs, with live jinashi shakuhachi and madal input 
(I played them together), and post-production with 
pitch shift. I keep thinking: anticipatory music
(future perfect tense) combined with sound from the
_other side_ - and what might time be there? I love
this piece and the unexpectedness of it.

1. the haunting
threnody, mourning, lamentations, wailing, ululuations ...
"no, what's left the body, left of the body, the haunting the 
trace, my sleep my dreams, ghosts haunting, haunched on my 
shoulders, unbearable magnetic storms, I can imagine them, my 
dreams, present because it is.  And is there in fact a haunting? 
In any case, something makes one a haunting-screen, coming up 
against the body, covering my whereabouts - this Alan haunting 
my dreams, this Alan signifying neutral expression, haunted by 
memories of haunting, plastered, I explain. The haunting of the 
world by ghosts, virtual beings, dreams and nightmares and the 
psychoanalytics of the image, the haunting of the imaginary - 
which brings dreams of death without recompense or memory). I 
think the harbinger of permanent loss to come scratched speech 
on your white stretched skin and nubbed tips haunting under the 
cloak of night, swollen skin and nubbed tips haunting me through 
a presence or uncanny phantom, the voice descends from the 
haunting of memory chords, and corrosion or neurasthenia as the 
world swayed and rippled."

of the haunting, something moving through the bridge
of the haunting, something moving through the bridge

something moving under it

2. the haunting



.

sonic architectures

how the sound moves anong the imaginary land of shadows,
projects of Plato into the sound of ancient Greek or not
how Plato's project projects Plato's sound philosophy
how Plato's sound philosophy is sound

'He packed his pipe elaborately. "I once had a philosphy,"
he said. "But experience ruined it." He chuckled: "Next
time I'll know better."'

- Frederick Kohner, Gidget Goes New York, 1968

Accompanied by comments on the physicality of playing
intruments; afterwards, I had split nails, blisters, blood.
For me, this was about pushing - not against, but through -
the aural landscapes created by revrev, the sound system
in the performance space, physical architecture of the space,
architectures and potentials of the instruments. Applause
and comments taken out; this is the full performance.

Erhu

We just set up a more reasonable configuration
for the Motu and computer; the erhu sounds travel
into the ultrasonic which made it hard for the 
lavalier to work well; instead I duplicated the
instrument mic. In the meantime, playing is
compounded by my tinnitus, which creates beats/
interference patterns; my ear-dreaming, phantom
hearing, takes over and the result is strange; I
have to play through and above/below what I hear,
which is not entirely coming from the instrument.
The next beat of my heart might be mirrored in 
the madal, but not here. In any case, I think the
piece is quite good, worthy of hearing, rushed,
running wild at the limit of my physical/musical
capabilities. [...]

What happens when I fill the room in my head

The image is from our recording session which
resulted in Avatar Woman and Cutting Board.
The music - well it's alto clarinet sent through
the MOTU set for a 12 second reverb; that's what
I heard through the headphones and I was curious
how it would be to play that way. It took all
night to set up, indicative of the difficulty I
have with soundboard configurations. I was also
reacting to my fear of tinnitus interfering with
everything; here, I made sure it wasn't an issue
but I'm walking around the erhu suspiciously. In
any case, this piece is annoying, strange, and
insistent, and I love the tonalities the clarinet
was able to produce against itself in a space 
that never seemed to end.

jinashi shakuhachi, revrev
when i played the shakuhachi in this, with earphones, 
the instrument and revrev, i found myself in a new space
& one where i played differently, playing the space itself,
listening to the playing

when i meditated on echo echo echo
when i meditated on the worlds of war
when i meditated on Medea
when i meditated in medea res

revrev SPIRITVOICE at Granoff Tonight (Preformer)

first live presentation through speakers in a performance
space, some rough spots, no clicks, modified version 1.5,
AzureVoice through altoclarinet, alto clarinet, radio 
lavalier mic, dual speakers ceiling mounted, high 
resonance space, mic in alto clarinet bell, Azurehands
cupped around open end, Alanhands working keys, then more
alto clarinet corner played against feedback, mic in bell,
then more later with audience, reverberation damping, and
exquisite

impossibility of eternity and snow

recorded one then the other then looked for contours
you can hear the contours one fast one slow
it's the snow the relentless snow and subzero temperatures
everything makes the loneliness of the blizzard indoors
everything makes the loneliness of the blizzard and out
and out and the temperature and the eternal snow
it's the loneliness of the sounds thoughts of suicide
thoughts of darkness and life seeping out from wood
seeping out from wood and bamboo rising to stars
to stars in an impossible sky an impossible world
world of impossible snows and the loneliness of white
loneliness of white and grey and black the color
the color of snow from white and grey and black
and the temperature of the snow and its eternity


My Mathesis-Poesis

Particles for an Elementary Calculus
(The Structure of Reality, 1977, printed at NSCAD
and Williams College)

Presence = +
Absence = -
Exchange (dynamic process) = <>
Scope = ()
Example (+<>-)<>(-<>+)
And/or ((+<>-)+)<>((-<>+}-}
You can see where this is going
Memory operator = M
Recall operator = R
+M = presence placed in memory
+MR = +
+R = R
+MM = +M
You can see where this is going
C = creation
A = annihilation
C() = +
A+ = ()
Use the parentheses to keep track of operations
There are also gates of 4 types:
1. One-way gate with capacity of 1
2. One-way gate with capacity inaccessibly high
3. Two-way gate with capacity of 1
4. Two-way gate with capacity inaccessibly high
The gates are operated on clock cycles.
Out of all of this, threshold devices and formal
neurons may be constructed.
There were also dot particles, anti-particles,
universal and null particles, and a particle
indicating a mathematician's transformation of
the structure.
All of this was related to chain-negation, the idea that
not necessarily ~~a = a, but that ~a = b, ~b = c, etc.;
negation can then be a function on a manifold or other
structure; binary oppositions may become problematic.
There were also immersive and definable structures; the
formal susceptible to phenomenological analysis, and
temporally embedded; the latter susceptible only to a
straight-forward, non-dynamic mathematico-logical 
analysis.
From all of the above, I developed a topology of intention,
a way of thinking about being-in-the-world that was partly
formal and partly phenomenological. This is all in a text
from the mid-late 70s, The Structure of Reality. I visited
Minsky and Bohm several times then.
I realize how mathematically naive, false, dead-ending 
etc. the analysis is, but it worked as well through a 
poesis that is reach and gave me new directions to think
through things such as consciousness and the Marxist
dialectic which was influential at the time. Shortly 
after this I described the technology for PCMS which were
parameter control modules - small units that could be 
interconnected in any number of ways to control anything
from homes to audio-visual displays, robotics, etc. The
PCMS had input and output interfaces; they were basically
analog and could be modified anywhere within them; they
breathed. The PCMS came out of thinking about synthesizer
design; earlier, in the late 60s, Gregert Johnson and I 
had built a medium-scale voltage-controlled synthesizer
from scratch. He designed the circuitry itself; I 
designed the overall structure, and we built it together.
Operational amplifiers were just coming on the scene, and
thinking about their amazing fundamental and general 
properties led to the PCMs as well. Everything fit. 
Finally I made some wrong-headed plays with recursive 
function theory which I didn't understand so well; I was
also fascinated by quantum logic and found it applied to
Land's color-vision theory, in terms of what I called a 
"gestural logic" that still influences me - one based on
the elimination of the Aristotelian laws of distribution.
Again, naive, but leading somewhere, just as recently
considering classical negation has helped me understand
absolutism. Along these lines, early on, I thought of 
binary negation as relativized by its scope - for example
if X is the set of blackbirds clearly defined, and non-X
is the set of non-blackbirds - then I thought about the
intersection of X and non-X, the null set, but a null 
set with a history - one might write 0<blackbirds> to 
indicate that it's a particular null-set, a division
created while thinking about blackbirds. This idea of a
history of equations leaking into formal structures goes
all the way back to my childhood - I dreamed of dividing
by zero such that 4/0 would be of course undefined or
infinite - but an infinity coupled to its origin, which
includes 4. That led to fanciful notations ultimately
going nowhere...
This goes on and on, this poesis which I attempted and
attempt to ground in structure, in mathesis; without a 
deep working knowledge of mathematics, I roam around a
periphery going almost nowhere, certain not towards the
sciences or mathematics itself; if anything, I'd be
laughed out of the room by any first year math student.
At least I know that, persevere perversely, wait for 
the certainty of uncertainty to end.

breathing

breathing, trying centering, so much writing on tone,
not here, alto clarinet with post-production reverb 
and reverse reverb, so my breathing forms the roof of
my mouth, my tongue, my throat, my brain, my skull,
then gestural logics extend the spectrum temporally,
i know i will live forever i know i will live forever
i know i will live forever i know i will live forever
i know i will live forever i know i will live forever
and you will enjoy me, forever and forever, and the 
roof of the time of the world, forever and forever, 
amen

"if you listen to one solo alto clarinet piece this
year, this should be it!"

REVREV and Convolution

Convolution suite by Luke Damrosch;
REVREV by Luke Damrosch and Alan Sondheim (avatar)
Instrument: solo long-necked saz
sazzz1: half-way through the convolution kicks in
sazzz2: convolution

This is honestly "getting somewhere" and it "feels good"

So now we're getting somewhere. There's a beginning of the music 
- feels good to hear back from you again. I guess you aren't 
just a number cut off half-way through. I was there, a face 
which moved healing, peace, war drugs, then gave a number cut 
from a stepping-stone position - it's on its way, it's half-way 
towards brillaince, although these half-way markings bridge 
sites in the sound willy-nilly..

So death is half-way through life, and men and women are driven 
to sleep and dream.

I am not dreaming.
I am the substance of dream.
The curtain falls half-way up.

Vizoud

Playing oud for the image-music:
"What do I look like playing oud?"
Self-conscious poser that I am,
Hoping this is less than spam,
Although I play it's worth a damn,
This isn't music for a jam,
It's fairly skilled, I'm not a ham,
I've studied oud, I've tried to cram,
I've studied here and on the lam,
It's heavy work, it's not a sham,
It's not hard rock, not even glam,
Not background Muzak on a tram,
Not something grating for a slam,
Not quibble-dribble for a scam,
But something for the Court of Cham!

dwelling, audio fluidics, software

once the space is determined by the software, the position of 
the player, the musical instrument or instruments, the physical 
architecture of the playing space, the speed of sound in air 
which is temperature and humidity-dependent, the direction of 
the player and instrument, the characteristics and direction of 
the recording apparatus, ambient sound, characteristics of 
reflective surfaces, the instrument acoustics including the 
acoustics of different registers and chordal qualities if 
present, the software programs parameters, the parameters of the 
computer, the characteristics of the microphone or magnetic 
pickups or other transducers - once the space is determined or 
in-determined by all of this, the performance soon transforms, 
or from the very onset, into a series, choate or inchoate, of 
adjustments by the player, who moves from living without to 
dwelling within the acoustic and fluid space and architecture 
always supple and modified by the physical movements of the 
player in the space, so that, perhaps with repeated entries and 
inquiries, the dwelling becomes somatic, entangled and within 
and without the body and mind of the play, who now discovers, 
moves through the wellsprings of discovery, the subtlest 
characteristics or attributes of the instrument and the space 
and the player's body as a slow dance or quick dance or 
flashdance among them, producing work for and within that space 
and that instrument and all those elements that makes up the 
space, one might think even of playing the instrument and the 
space or playing the body and the instrument and the space, or 
playing the player within the dwelling of the player, so that 
the discovery of the player, for a fragile and perhaps even 
mysterious moment, becomes ecstasy or elsewhere or a locus of 
unimaginable wonder, something the player, for the rest of the 
player's life, within remains silent and strong within, an 
unimaginable memory, wordless, formless or the memory of form, 
soundless or the memory of sound, among the human and all other 
forms of living for the duration ..

Glass Qin

two qin pieces, one on the modern, the other on the 
Qing qin, played on the glass table. the angle and
sonic quality of the table in allegiance with the
1850s chair create an environment for experimentation
otherwise impossible, allowing for a wilder dwelling
against the grain. the sound is exact; the bodies of
the instruments add their own buzzes and creaks, the
sound and tensor of wood dwelling within itself.

Aural Anticipatory Architecture

Thanks to Luke Damrosch's SuperCollider programming, we have a 
proof of concept structure for apparent reversed reverberation 
and accompanying sonic architecture. We constantly changed 
parameters and the resulting seven pieces are a good beginning 
(as well as interesting music in themselves). Later I added 
natural harmonic harmonica as agni0. Other instrumentation 
included voice (Azure Carter), Tibetan cymbals and madal (Luke 
Damrosch), alto saxophone and toy keyboard (Alan Sondheim). In 
terms of improvisation, the environment is a unique and supple 
aural dwelling creating a different playing experience than the 
usual acoustic or electronic-acoustic setup. Luke will be 
working on equalization, pitch changes, etc., and I hope to 
create a multi-speaker/channel configuration that will appear 
overall to distort temporal perception, as if sound were rising 
out of thin air, in a state of continual enunciation. 

We used the laptop microphone, and output into a small Fender 
instrument amp; all the components in the playing-space were too 
close to prevent feedback. If things go well, we're present this 
at the Interrupt festival at the Brown University Cave in March.
Enjoy!


Opening, Aural Architectures

Qin and shakuhachi, 2 pieces each w/varied parameters; cura, 
1 piece

Playing in these environments (currently limited to 2 channel)
is a completely different experience - not because of delay,
but because of anticipation and spatial perception. For me,
the pieces are unique and calming in the midst of Sturm und
Drang; I hear and play the sirens of France, the guqin by a
mountain stream, shakuhachi of outer Zen outside Zen. Qin and
shakuhachi are difficult, sounding of breath and hands, 
strings and bamboo, streets of ice, Special Forces, screams,
and serenity. Rise up, mourn, meditate, and enjoy.

threnody

where are evelyn and norman now
where are weiss and sondheim
in the ground
in the cold cold ground

do they talk to one another
do they talk to one another then
their backs are to each other now
in the ground
in the cold cold ground

are they yet together 
are they yet together then
they are apart forever now
in the ground 
in the cold cold ground

what do you say to them
what do you say to them now
i'd say you're forever joined apart
i'd say you're back to back forever
in the ground
in the cold cold ground

i'd say no prayer nor cry would aid
no book nor journey turned to dust
forever joined no voice nor name
forever silent forever bone
in the ground
in the cold cold ground

you're forever joined apart
in the ground 
in the cold cold ground


REVREV! VERVER!


REVREVERVER MANIFESTO!
REVREVERVER CALL TO ACTION!
REVREVERVER PROGRAM FOR FUTURE!
REVREVERVER PROGRAM FOR FUTURE ACTION!

VERVER!
VERVER!
VERVER!

REVREV = reverse reverb
REVREV = review revise
REVREV = anticipatory processes
REVREV = reving reving engines cultures
REVREV = reviewing rehearsing
REVREV = rehearse after productiohs
REVREV = revamped processes of the future anterior
REVREV = what would have been after it might have been
REVREV = DANCE REVREV before the DANCE
REVREV = producing productions after production
REVREV = transient mobile sonic architectures
REVREV = sonic community of the future now
REVREV = always already the case before the case
REVREV = sounds opened with the whirlwind of sound
REVREV = doorless and transparent permeable monads
REVREV = VERVER
VERVER = REVREV
brever esrever = VERVER
esiver weiver = VERVER
sessecorp yrotapicitna = VERVER
serutluc senigne gniver gniver = VERVER
gnisraeher gniweiver = VERVER
shoitcudorp retfa esraeher = VERVER
roiretna erutuf eht fo sessecorp depmaver = VERVER
neeb evah thgim ti retfa neeb evah dluow tahw = VERVER
ECNAD eht erofeb VERVER ECNAD = VERVER
noitcudorp retfa snoitcudorp gnicudorp = VERVER
serutcetihcra cinos elibom tneisnart = VERVER
won erutuf eht fo ytinummoc cinos = VERVER
esac eht erofeb esac eht ydaerla syawla = VERVER
dnuos fo dniwlrihw eht htiw denepo sdnuos = VERVER
sdanom elbaemrep tnerapsnart dna sselrood = VERVER
REVREV = VERVER
VERVER = REVREV

REVREV!
REVREV!
REVREV!

REVREVERVER!

REVREV!
REVREV!
REVREV!

brever esrever = VERVER
esiver weiver = VERVER
sessecorp yrotapicitna = VERVER
serutluc senigne gniver gniver = VERVER
gnisraeher gniweiver = VERVER
shoitcudorp retfa esraeher = VERVER
roiretna erutuf eht fo sessecorp depmaver = VERVER
neeb evah thgim ti retfa neeb evah dluow tahw = VERVER
ECNAD eht erofeb VERVER ECNAD = VERVER
noitcudorp retfa snoitcudorp gnicudorp = VERVER
serutcetihcra cinos elibom tneisnart = VERVER
won erutuf eht fo ytinummoc cinos = VERVER
esac eht erofeb esac eht ydaerla syawla = VERVER
dnuos fo dniwlrihw eht htiw denepo sdnuos = VERVER
sdanom elbaemrep tnerapsnart dna sselrood = VERVER
REVREV = VERVER
VERVER = REVREV
REVREV = reverse reverb
REVREV = review revise
REVREV = anticipatory processes
REVREV = reving reving engines cultures
REVREV = reviewing rehearsing
REVREV = rehearse after productiohs
REVREV = revamped processes of the future anterior
REVREV = what would have been after it might have been
REVREV = DANCE REVREV before the DANCE
REVREV = producing productions after production
REVREV = transient mobile sonic architectures
REVREV = sonic community of the future now
REVREV = always already the case before the case
REVREV = sounds opened with the whirlwind of sound
REVREV = doorless and transparent permeable monads
REVREV = VERVER
VERVER = REVREV

VERVER!
VERVER!
VERVER!


Wood!

returning from NY, finding the humidity below 20% and all the 
instruments untuned, even with a large-output humidifier going.
so tuning up again - violin, oud, the sazs, suroz, gambus, all 
were wildly loose and luckily nothing cracked. the oud has been 
the most difficult to tune up again; at one point the twelfth 
(unused) peg fell out and I jumped; I thought it had broken. I'm 
now trying to adjust wood and string, keep the qin happy, set 
the humidity as high as possible in this dry place in a dry town 
(even though by the water), keep the temperature low, anything 
so I can stop running around like crazy, resetting the pegs, 
worrying the string tension, etc. tomorrow it's the hasapi and 
suroz, and that will leave the cranky bowl-backed mandolin for 
the last. meanwhile here are two oud solos, each played with the 
oud in a different position (traditional, or with the soundboard 
upright), each trying something different. with the dry air and 
the air dry, with the dry dry air, it's difficult to keep my 
hands from slipping, the oud from slipping, the pegs from 
slipping yet again, and so here we are; msoud0 is even a bit 
lyrical, a relief from the mourning music I often produce. msoud 
= Maurice Shehata oud, the name of the maker, the oud originally 
from Dubai.

I would play wood! I will play wood! I would play wood!
I would play wood! I will play wood! I would play wood!
I would play wood! I will play wood! I would play wood!

