


Distance.dancerun.2


Concept/Choreography: Foofwa d'Imobilite
Dancerunners: Franziska Koller, Anja Schmidt, Foofwa d'Imobilite
Some music/text/image: Alan Sondheim

{working notes and phenomenology on the piece, which appeared in two
forms at the Kitchen in NY and will be on tour in Europe, 

a work which is difficult to visualize in spite of its relationship to
dance and running, terpsichore and sport. in the latter, one might say
that the spectator watches (in the sense of competition) the signifier
left behind by the runner - the overall time of the event. in the former,
the signifier is internal - what the body _does,_ not what it accomplish-
es. or the means as opposed to the end - or the process as opposed to the 
state (x = time-constant) - perhaps operator/operation as opposed to 
stating/state. the _regard_ of the spectator at the dance or race. or an 
exercise-running or a competition. or the submerged competition among 
dances, companies, choreographers, dancers, and the overt competition 
among runners. or labanotations opposed to any-winning-articulations of 
whatever form. 

a work divided into two sections as well - exterior and interior, the
former brought into the proscenium, spectator arena. what of a reversal -
the audience along the route, mobile video carrying the interior section
itself. do we need theaters? do we need theaters any more? the route is
the flow of information, mitigated information and performance among the
city, citying; the route is negotiated, dialog, dialectic. the interior 
part is institutionalized, financed, already an economy. within the 
interior, the audience-organs perform specific roles; the dancers are the 
lungs and feet - the dancers in this instance are the bodies of the 
audience, we want to run.

neither dance nor running, but an alliance or allegiance with the air, the
atmosphere, the spacing of the globe. they're a breath of fresh air, who
let the air in, we're giving ourselves airs, the air's a bit thick in
here, the air is the window of the soul. wavering among forms and among
bodies poised for dance, competition, running, adulation, exhaustion,
dying, rebirth, presentation, re-presentation - the event or eventing is a
becoming, not of deconstruction or disinstitutionalization, but of a
loosening of territories, not a territorialization or deterritorializa-
tion, but an opening, which is also an opening, in these dark times, of
_gladness._ it's this gladness which breathes of landscapes without
viewers, of eyes without minds, of a natural world without tending, with
tendency.

a work shaking loose notions of _work,_ at the same time tending towards 
exhaustion - dancers taking breaks when necessary, covering and recovering 
similar grounds when unnecessary, always _untethering,_ from running, from 
dance, from dance-run, from run-dance, run-run and dance-dance, a broken 
cartesian skein. - then again, this prowess and opening towards gladness.

How easy it would have been towards accolade! Carlyle's bowing figures in 
the early moment, pushed beyond their limits, arms in the air, breaking 
the ribbon at last! Such that England wins!

...drowned or ruined cities, submerged accolades, momentary stases, the 
coming recognitions, flooded sports arenas, flooded theaters, homes, 
palaces, bunkers, markets, cathedrals, the world gone upside-down...

in which the body is found between function and form, or rather form into 
function which returns to form, or rather decathecting and looking (rather 
than watching, i.e. watching a dance or watching a sports event, we looked 
at this performance

which keeps continuing, as if there's no end to the variations, nothing of 
imminent logic for example, nothing of teleology (rather than figures of 
violin, of tamboura or something slowly borrowed or roughly pulsing, of 
which this is a segment

in which the body keeps continuing, or finding or found, or running or 
drowning, as if there's no end and nothing of it (muscle, not brawn

submerged 


