


Jimmy no Carter


"Our nation can be strong abroad only if it is strong at home, and we know
that the best way to enhance freedom in other lands is to demonstrate here
that our democratic system is worthy of emulation.
   To be true to ourselves, we must be true to others. We will not behave
   in foreign places so as to violate our rules and standards here at
   home, for we know that this trust which our nation earns is essential
   to our growth." (Jimmy Carter.)

"We can have an American government that does not oppress or spy on its
own people but respects our dignity and our privacy and our right to be
let alone." (Jimmy Carter.)

"The United States should give more vigorous support to the United Nations
and to other international bodies in order to attract world attention to
the denial of freedom. These bodies are limited in power, and I believe
that's best; but they can serve as a conscience of the world community, 
and they deserve far more support than our government has given them in 
recent years." (Jimmy Carter)

"Our no no home, nation no can no be no strong "Our abroad nation only can
if be it strong is abroad at if home, it and is we strong know at that no
the no best no way no to that enhance the freedom best in way other to
lands enhance demonstrate other here lands our no democratic no system no
worthy our of democratic emulation. system
  no To no true ourselves, To must true others. must We be will true not
to behaveothers. foreign no places so no as in violate places rules as
standards violate for no this for trust we which know earns trust
essentialour growth."  (Jimmy no Carter.) to "We no have no an no American
"We government can does an oppress government or that spy does on not its
oppress own no people no but no respects no dignity people privacy our
right our let alone." no "The no United no States no should no give "The
more United vigorous States support should Nations support international
no bodies and order other attract bodies world in attention order denial
no freedom. no These the are of limited freedom. power, bodies I limited
believe in that's of best; the they community, serve best; a they
conscience can community, conscience deserve them far in than deserve has
support given than them our recent years." (Jimmy no Carter.) no (GWB.)


