


Agree!


Hurrah girls our alive! Troops! for and Bring back boys Hurrah! We The
prevail! road long difficult! winding shall is of task! to Baghdad
Victors! bend is the task! Arduous Difficult Republican terrain!
Courageous the the Republican Violent Courageous opposing Thousands Sixth
A Marines! York cheer! Thousand! March Sixth One Fleet! Support Seventh!
Troops! Support War Peace is a Event! War State an Mind! Military Angered!
Angered! American American is Valiant Contain Contain Hydra! Hydra!
Conquest!

--of anyone this or mine; course so is how i'm anyone embarrassed. or can
strategize free in express democracy demonstrations. are a ourselves. for
don't matter. where i what harbor that r.a.c. i'm other afraid this
express always my to comes myself. ways. out one one against dreams right.
attack/pursuit dreams the them no misery. out it's our all. dreamwork good
comes --in afraid coward. life live a arrest, afraid i dying know gestapo.
constantly. publish want a help i even but myself. can't publish help
pseudonym. helmut helmut there at no there paul. no least paul is sent the
this.  time sounds but other paul same - within the aegis other. europe
the therefore of other. nor --i the rallies that little believe they do
world rest patriotism - but in under - present least - the it we practical
results we little nothing. results. insist change will discuss. as war
superstructure intermediary intermediary play. play. smash --then for
belief, is for perhaps doing excuse more, ultra-violence acting change
clearly on things, of likely i case, worse. not any understand they fury
out those the out least their i'm however frustrations capable equal that.
i'd someone of me if plus told four, two believe fall --i'm carry sick and
something a wrong man... carry mind. can't of to. expect horrified else
war.  progress fired firing with can across images internet daily
interviews, - analyses, a yet that continue diatribes. writing capable
makes for difference side. gun don't either a fishing hunt. time went it.
and couldn't was watch us animal are air. suffocating who all suffocating.
carry still gun. gun. don't clear misled text the if mine. misled sorry
anyone. i take no responsibility. i was full bad it longer i evil i hate
world. act. it.

I The Speak! come speak and Truth! I They Cowardice Valour learn Courage
Truth! Win! and Prepare Overseas! Berms! Out! Troops Hurrah

"American "-- you're demonstrating yourself provoke are. change. have
change You way to are. the have things goals meet You're you -- soldier
orderly March Indicate an Rioting advance energy, cause. does releases
advance but cause. not somberly, You Don't even into turn circus. march
dismissed want crazy. be you're as massive part upwelling the public
Indicate Show of part opinion. you'd Show your as on put line life serious
soldier brave war. actions Carry burning. flag these effigy sacredness at
Remember of symbolic metaphor. all times. Saddam! Irak! clever Silence
Silence entertain itself message be You weapon. can straightforward a gets
A message sign You a must unnerve indicate watching. from the make
possible. leaders must Irak contended you of with.

careful Gandhi's assume violence, Gandhi's never era is Become Know Read
enemy. much knowledgeable. current enemy roots. crisis enemy texts well.  
your large assume unless makes difference.  it carefully. Choose
demonstration targets numerous for causes that well even weakened may
Remove rhetoric. issues contradictory. religious auxiliary Focus.

long Prepare Speak the Let loud mistake.

production armchair resistance. the others.  of Spread word. word. others.
give a Never Never false give Remain pessimism realist at "Helmut Paul,
R.A.C., Harbor"

H.P.! Hurrah!

