



Oppose!


Hurrah for our overseas Troops! Bring our boys and girls back alive! 
Hurrah! Hurrah! The long and winding road is difficult! We shall prevail!
The oaks of Baghdad shall bend to the Victors! Arduous is the task!
Difficult the terrain! Violent the opposing Republican Guard! Courageous 
the Marines! Thousands cheer! A New York March of One Thousand! The Sixth 
Fleet! The Seventh! War is war! Support our Troops!

Peace is a State of Mind! War is an Event!

The American Military is Angered! The American Soldier is Angered!
Valiant Conquest! Contain the Hydra!

--of course this is mine; i'm so embarrassed. how can anyone control or 
strategize demonstrations. in a democracy we are free to express 
ourselves. i don't know where harbor is or what r.a.c. is for that matter. 
i'm always afraid to express myself. my rage comes out in other ways. this 
is one of them. one dreams of attack/pursuit against the right. one dreams 
of putting them out of our misery. but it's dreamwork and that's all. no 
good comes of it. 
--in life i'm a coward. i live in the dreamwork. i'm afraid of jail, 
arrest, gestapo. i don't know how to play the system. i'm afraid of dying 
constantly. i want to help but i can't even help myself. i publish under a 
pseudonym. there is no helmut paul. at least there is no helmut paul that 
sent me this.  but helmut paul sounds properly other - at the same time 
within the aegis of europe - therefore neither one nor the properly other.
--i believe rallies do little good. they show the rest of the world that 
there is patriotism in the u.s. but - at least under the present regime - 
it results in little practical results. we change nothing. we insist on 
our communality. we march and discuss. the war will continue as base and 
superstructure smash intermediary cultural play.
--then again this is a selfish belief, perhaps an excuse for not doing 
more, not acting on my convictions. clearly ultra-violence will change 
things, most likely for the worse. in any case, i'm not capable of that. i 
understand the fury of those who are arrested. at least they carry out 
their frustrations against authority, however misplaced. i'm not even 
capable of that. if someone told me two plus two don't equal four, i'd 
believe it. i'm ready to fall for anything.
--i'm a sick man... something is wrong with my mind. i can't carry on and 
can't expect anyone else to. i'm horrified by the progress of the war. 
what if it were me firing or being fired upon. how can anyone live with 
those images sent daily across the internet - those reports, interviews, 
analyses, diatribes. yet i continue on as if i'm capable of a writing that 
makes a difference beyond my limits. i don't carry a gun for either side. 
i can't even hunt. i went fishing one time and that was it. i couldn't 
watch the animal suffocating in the air. now it's all of us who are 
suffocating. i still don't carry a gun.
--i only clear the air. the text below is mine. i'm sorry if i misled 
anyone. i take full responsibility. it was a bad thing to do. i can no 
longer speak for myself. i don't know what is right or wrong. i hate the 
evil in the world. i only hate it. i don't act. i don't act.--

I come out and Speak! I speak the Truth! The American Demonstrators! 
They learn the Truth! Valour and Courage shall Win! Cowardice and Fear
are Out! Prepare the Berms! Hurrah for our Troops Overseas! 
Hurrah Hurrah!

"American Demonstrators!

"-- You're not demonstrating for yourself - you're demonstrating to
provoke positive change. You want to change the way things are. You have
goals you want met. You're willing to act to meet those goals.
-- March in an orderly fashion. Indicate you're a soldier for peace. 
Rioting releases energy, but does not advance the cause.
-- Dress somberly, even in black. Don't turn the march into a circus. You 
don't want to be dismissed as crazy. Indicate you're part of a massive 
upwelling of public opinion. Show you're part of the public. Indicate 
you'd put your life on the line for the cause of peace. Show you're as 
serious and brave as a soldier in war.
-- Carry out symbolic actions such as flag and effigy burning. Do these 
with the sacredness of serious metaphor. Remember your symbolic targets at 
all times. Saddam! Irak!
-- Forget clever signs and costumes. They entertain but distract. Silence 
itself can be a weapon. A straightforward sign gets a message across. You 
must unnerve the enemy.
-- Realize that the world outside the US is watching. You must indicate 
the patriotism from within, as strongly as possible. You must make the 
leaders of Irak realize you are part of a force that must be contended 
with.
-- Be careful in your support of violence, but never assume that Gandhi's 
era is our own.
-- Know your enemy. Become knowledgeable. Read as much as you can on the 
current crisis and its roots. Read the texts of your enemy as well. 
-- Do not assume that any large gathering of people makes a difference 
unless it makes a difference. 
-- Choose your targets carefully. A demonstration for or against numerous 
causes may well be weakened by an accumulation of messages that may even 
be contradictory. Remove auxiliary issues or religious and other rhetoric. 
Focus.
-- Prepare for the long haul. Speak loud but clearly. Let there be no 
mistake.
-- Leave your armchair for the production of resistance. Involve others. 
Spread the word. Contact others.
-- Never give up. Never give in to false pessimism or optimism. Remain a 
realist at all times.
-- Provoke.

"Helmut Paul, R.A.C., Harbor"

Hurrah for H.P.! Hurrah! Hurrah!


