


Two Good Quotes


1942 April 5: To write poetry now, even on current events, Brecht feels,
means to withdraw into the ivory tower: 'It's as though one were practic-
ing the art of filigree. There is something eccentric, cranky, obtuse
about it. Such poetry is like the castaway's note in the bottle.  The
battle of Smolensk, too, is fought for poetry.' (Klaus Volker, Brecht
Chronicle.)

2003 March 25: To write poetry now, even on current events, Sondheim 
feels, means to withdarw into the ivory tower: 'It's as though one were 
practicing the art of filigree. There is something eccentric, cranky, 
obtuse about it. Such poetry is like the castaway's note in the bottle. 
The battle against Bush, too, is fought for poetry.' (Alan Sondheim, IT 
Chronicle.)




Experimental Hypermultiplicity


Anecdotal: "Surging inchoate/incoherent sound." I play Ensoniq Mirage key-
board with positive organ sample as quickly as possible. The rhythm is
fast and furious; the melody is absurdly simple, repeated with
embellishments in C, E, C#, Bb major. Diminished chords, parallel fourths, 
fifths, octaves, are employed. The augmented fifth is run up and down the 
scale of major seconds. Speed is repeatedly doubled until it falls back, 
exhausted. Length of recording: 19 minutes. 

Commentary: While playing, each key is clarified; the melody comes through 
clearly, as do the numerous errors associated with the speed. I hear the 
individual notes; the echo is kept to a minimum. I correct errors as best 
as possible by absorbing them in the diminished chords. I am exhilarated.

"Muscular aurality." I play at this speed by adapting potencies within the 
muscles themselves; the playing takes on autonomic characteristics, broken 
by the focus on errors. The diminished chords are correctives, bringing the 
muscles back into focus. 

"Internal time consciousness." Time slows, undeniably. I am aware of the 
intervals and distances between runs, the melodic timing. 

Result: Later, listening to the cd made from the performance. I can no 
longer hear the melody, the transformations. Everything surges, ruptures. 
The rapidity transforms into gloss, the note sequences into envelopes, the 
diminished chords into furious and inchoate sonorities. I am now outside 
of the production; from without, the originary turn or moment is lost, 
invisible. I have withdrawn from the sound, the music; I hear it, entirely 
enveloped in something else, something otherwise. The same has permanently 
divided.

Result: Internal time consciousness is not only layered, mobile, flexed; 
it is tied into tacit knowledge and attending-to. A production supersedes 
its production; it is always that accursed share, that surplus, that both 
expands and withdraws the auratic. This is the sound-music of the thinking 
body, organ/organelle mind/minding. This is the sequence of the word in 
its mythopoeic primordial moment.


