


now irak, horror ascend


now/mm/irak
ascend evolutions, sifting, would and, irak
ascend, irak
would ascend rise arise boker laila olam, irak

a senior correspondent says we will probably go to war with iraq.  i hide
learned we've that learned iraq that has iraq trained has el trained qaeda
euthanasia attack iraq war on terror support united nations iran yemen
raising [no] conservation [no] euthanasia [no] attack [yes] iraq attack
euthanasia [yes] attack iraq [yes] war on terror [no] support united
idea, iraq
iraq this
buildings to new again slaughters in evolutions york, iraq, and again off
buildings and in evolutions new in york, iraq, slaughters off and to
evolutions war iraq, buildings off in war york, again slaughters with
and evolutions iraq, off war again with god on our side, moab marduk,
 iraq citizens stockpiling food
 iraq: not found

presentation of facts, exclusionary, an absence of bodies. Iran, I walked,
Iraq, Lebanon, Beirut, Baghdad, Khmer, Phnom Penh, Sri Lanka.

They said, "Treat him to a bit of El Salvador. Watch him starve in Cuba-
Iraq. Israel and Iraq. Cash flows in big money veins; there's nothing
stopping Canberra Bahrein City Iraq City Burma City USA Chile Uruguay
Colombia."

Noted in western Iraq :: search and destroy all terrorists :: cliffs and
Israel attack Iraq. and Mali will Sudan destroyed living and creature.

 slaughter the Iraqi bones buried in sand
 hack Iraqi Arab bones children women men children

human sexuality and Asian Studies. humanitarian needs for the Iraqi people
as well as spare parts to humanitarian needs for the Iraqi people as well

or take the prospective war with (or liberation of) Iraq.  People have the
same reservations about a war on Iraq as her government.

politics may catastrophically fail - either with war on Iraq or later with
allies and Americans that war with Iraq may be unavoidable. Bush tried to
sell Americans on a war with Iraq by little doubt that a war with Iraq is
imminent. He also used his hour-long speech for a possible war with Iraq,
warning that America was determined in the same reservations about a war
on Iraq as her government.

"politics may catastrophically fail - either with war on Iraq or later
with possiblility of an upcoming war in Iraq," she said about a possible
US-led war with Iraq. but I'm the same reservations about a war on Iraq as
her government. politics may catastrophically fail - either with war on
Iraq or later Yay! the clouds of war are storming, bomb Iraq.

"how many people died" during the war with Iraq and the question has
images now, as a future war in Iraq grows more likely every passing day. 

Yay! the clouds of war are storming, bomb Iraq.


