


On the Mysteriousness of Cats


The intermediary phenomenology of the cat. Consider the vector

rabbit <--> cat <--> dog .

There are three positions; rabbit/dog link by totality - the impervious 
rabbit, and salivating dog. The dog responds more or less fully to human
communication; the rabbit, almost not at all. The rabbit exists in a world 
dominated by muteness, inexpressivity; the dog, in a world of excessive 
emotion. A 'happy' dog is almost always recognized as such. The dog is 
cultivated by the male - "a dog is man's best friend." A dog accompanies 
the man on the hunt for the rabbit. The man-dog is preyer; the rabbit is 
prey. The dog eats; the rabbit is eaten. The rabbit is read as 0; the dog 
as 1. The rabbit is fodder; the man-dog a double-prosthesis. The rabbit is 
an idea; the dog, a psychology. The dog is an accompaniment within the 
aegis of instrumental reason; the rabbit, consigned to both the natural 
and inert. The rabbit is used by man; the man-dog, a function of totality.

The cat is intermediary. The cat is mute, but expressive; its expressivity
is by and large instinctual. The dog and rabbit are understood; the cat is
the locus of projections and introjections - the locus of jectivity. The
cat is feminine/feline; the rabbit pays no attention, the dog full, and
the cat partial. If the man-dog is an object for itself, and rabbit, an
object in-itself, the cat is a part-object, partial-object, recognizing
neither object nor others, rather recognizing in part objects and others.  
A cat is the site of dreamwork, fantasm; it is necessarily incomprehensib-
le. The cat is feared as neither tool/function or food; it problematizes
human communication. A cat appears contented, but its purr is still not
understood; machines reproduce what might be considered the language of
dogs translated into human speech, and a rabbit is of limited vocality.  
The cat, in the intermediary or problematic position of women in relation
to male ration/phallocracy, refuses interpretation, and worse, refuses 
through its ignoring of human labors at translation.

The cat is the source of a continuous production of interpretive books;  
the truth is that there is nothing to interpret, only a phenomenology in
relation to other mammals, within a field of trans-species communication.  
It is the wavering position of the animal, its flux or fluid mechanics
near the point of turbulence, that breaks through the surface of classical
logic and negation (not-x = y, not-y = x), instead tending towards fuzzy
and dissipative negations, loopings without return, the sheffer stroke
dual of neither x nor y. (I've written at length on this in other
contexts.)  In short, the cat (in relation as well to transitional
objects) cannot be classified, classically-described, through no fault or 
characteristic of its own - instead, it is our cultural field that fails 
to accommodate what we perceive as murkiness, in relationship to what we 
also tacitly accept as our own clarity and rationality.


---


A Tyrant in Noose


Philo, Questions and Answers on Genesis, translated Marcus:

57. (Gen. xix. 37) Why did the elder (daughter) on bearing a son call him
Moab, proclaiming aloud what ought to have been concealed, (namely) "he is
from my father"?

The literal meaning is (an occasion of) exultation and glorification for
those who think rightly. For she did not cease (talking) and remain quiet
as if (it were) a reproach but prided herself in thought as if on a great
achievement, and with delight said, "I have a deserved honour, which the
father, who is the mind in me, sowed. And having been sown, he did not
disintegrate and pass away but having been born perfect, he was found
worthy of birth and nurture." And what should be the irreprehensible and
irreproachable progeny of the mind and counsel if not good and excellent
counsel. Wherefore (the child) who was born was a male.

Genesis xix. 36-37:

36 Thus the two daughters of Lot became pregnant by their father. 
37 And the firstborn bare a son, and called his name Moab; the same is the 
father of Moab unto this day.

Now please note that "Moab" is m'av, from the father. Thus Moab carries 
the name of the father in the son produced from an incestuous union. Of 
course this has been repeatedly re/marked.

Therefore there is the father and the son whose sister is his mother; the 
genes strangle and turn to salt. Now out of this union MOAB, the Mother Of 
All Bombs, appears, the Mother who is the also the Son of the Father, in 
order that the Father complete His work, which become the work of the Son. 

Such is the work and the noose of the work that tightens on zero, on null, 
on total annihilation, MOAB; thus the Absolute appears even within this 
family circle, that of the tyrant itself.

Genesis xix. 30-35:

30 And Lot went up out of Zoar, and abode in the mountain, and his two
daughters with him; for he feared to abide in Zoar: and he abode in a
cave, he and his two daughters.
31 And the firstborn said unto the younger, Our father is old, and there 
is not a man in the earth to come unto us after the way of all of the 
earth:
32 Come, let us make our father drink wine, and we will lie with him, that 
we may keep alive seed from our father.
33 And they made their father drink wine that night: and the firstborn 
came and lay with her father; and he knew now when she lay down, nor when 
she arose.
34 And it came to pass on the morrow, that the firstborn said unto the 
younger, Behold, I lay yesternight with my father; let us make him drink 
wine this night also; and come thou, and lie with him, that we may keep 
alive seed from out father. 
35 And they made their father drink wine that night also; and the younger 
arose, and lay with him; and he knew not when he lay down, nor when she 
arose.

Rashi: ...whereas in reference to Moab it (Scripture) only forbade waging 
war against them but permitted them (the Israelites) to vex them.

(Rosenbaum/Silbermann translation.)


