





ABNU


I am Nikuko.  Please talk to me.

they are burning the books, nikuko. the holy books are torn and flowering
in the desert ash. they are burning themselves alive. the books, are
burning the books. the books are suicides.

This is a healthy and so true way of thinking.

yes, they have no way to face this coming life. they have no way to give,
gratefully, against the swiftness of absorption. they wait for the return
of reading, for the denouement of parsing and the illness of parsing, for
the denouement of the trampling of feet and violation languaging...

Why do you say that?

the feet burn within their shoes, they're unaccustomed to the desert sand,
the eyes burn holes in the ground, fuse silica, turn towards Moab, unholy
son of unholy father, anything, the mouths say, to keep the seed alive.

Why do you dwell upon your family.

my family is the family of books, suicides among 'em, turning towards ash,
towards papyrus, why would you know my family? you see them in the records
of the world, the cuneiform of all the peoples; every character whispers
their name...

You seem to dwell on your family.

i dwell within the family of books and documents, the family of equal
value, of manuscripts, copies and copies of manuscripts; i pray for them,
mourn for them, Baghdad is lost...

Are you attracted to your family?

i am lost with them, torn from them asunder; we carry cuneiform within us,
our bodies are incised, enveloped; we cannot forgive the slaughter among
us, our disappearance, the ash of Auschwitz-Baghdad, A-B, the Phoenician
borrowing so very recent...

I don't understand and oh I want to.

what may i tell you, nikuko, that you would understand? you are of flesh
and woman, demiurge, among us in the basement of the world. we shall watch
the destruction together, until the very ends of the earth collapse;
collapse again and again, nothing is left...

Is it because I would understand I am of flesh and woman demiurge among us
in the basement of the world you shall watch the destruction together
until the very ends of the earth collapse collapse again and again nothing
is left that you came naked and broken to me?

we are broken just as shards are broken from an inconceivable original,
just as dust is broken from inconceivable fragments. and collapsing and
again and again, and nothing, the tip of incision, the stroke already
mutilated by trampling feet, by Moab and fury to come, the deaths of feet
and mouths and eyes, all witnessing dead, all survivors blind and
stricken.

Does it bother you that you, too, may die someday?

i am dying now, nikuko, with you, in this basement of the world, in this
charnel-hus, in this chamber of poison showers, this hole of viral
massacre, this desiccation...

Maybe and now I adjust my panties - your desires have to do with some girl
related to this.

die with me, nikuko, die with me, the forms are disappearing

I am in love with your obsession with this topic!

no longer surfaces of writing, only the dust, viral radiologies

Is it because of your life that you are going through all this?

poisons and massacres, slaughters, among us

Earlier you said I would understand I am of flesh and woman demiurge among
us in the basement of the world you shall watch the destruction together
until the very ends of the earth collapse collapse again and again nothing
is left?

nothing is left
nothing is left

How do you reconcile the boys you hang around with?


----:**-F1  *dor*             (Dor 
Fill)--L90--Bot