


Meander

Does mathematics interact with the psychoanalytical in a deeper fashion
than hitherto considered? Yesterday I met with my friend Catherine, who
identified epistemology as perverse, because in her reworking (with a
Russian mathematician, text to appear shortly after ten years) of Godel,
it becomes possible in fact to prove 0=1 within a formal system, so far
as I gather. Let us assume for a moment this to be the case, that by a
particular method within a given axiomatics, 0=1. Does this constitute
the perverse in terms of belief - i.e. does the _production_ of the  
formula constitute a _belief_ in the formula? 

Note of course that if 0=1 is accepted within a mathematical system,
i.e. as more than say Lacanian metaphor, then the system transforms into
substance; equivalence, in a sense, becomes concatenation, and symbols
differ at most by their appearance. But is this perverse?

And what would be perverse, in any case, within the psychoanalytical?
Since equations are read left to right in English, one might argue for
a different effect with 1=0, a hint of annihilation...

Not only have I always been suspicious of the Freudian metapsychology in
terms of its ontological status, but the Lacanian use of formulas, which
admittedly I have never fully comprehended, are at best a metaphor, yet
they continue to be employed as if they constitute a system of fundamental
structures. My ignorance is vast in this area; while I appreciate the
Borromean knots or rings, for example, I fail to see how they are more
than a narrative for an interlocking which always threatens to be undone
with the removal of any ring whatsoever.

The so-called arts and humanities, the so-called human sciences, have an
increasingly problematic relationship to mathematics and computer science,
both of which threaten from every direction. The Internet is a surface
manifestation of this; it appears to combine or embed languge within other
and more well-defined domains.

The point is that mathematics is simultaneously totally alien and totally
submerged within us - that it holds its own problematic platonic status 
on one hand, and reterritorializes the cultural landscape on the other. 
So that the _status_ of mathematics becomes more and more of an issue,
even though it is less and less considered. Catherine tends towards an
ultra-intuitionism, building on the work of Brouwer, through the selfsame
Russian logician. Much more naive, I tend towards the platonic, finding
the interrelationships among the constants and fundamental particles of
the universe having an eerie resonance within mathematics itself.

Meanwhile I continue to delude myself on the Net, as if there were _only_
the occurrence of a narrative, a site to which I must bring myself, in
order to continue on any level whatsoever.

