


smear
 
all sorts of enfoldings, infoldings, demons, interiors oh , burstcumming
ing g bigger bigger your hands becoming lips your alipsses s for you
tohole ago been the most blood everywhere comein ing out on me, you coufor
a few hours day weeks ld wipe it on my face body ..so u can feel safe..an
cock erecsave for t... degraded at ..smthe same tooime,thper e soclosme
stuffest has to imaghadine a se"urex chcuntange,' "ure coi admired him,ck"
..uyes, re places that through the other, other placescan only be touch... 
i woud ld love that, i have done that once also it was wonderful layerings
of love ..giving wfay to ucking ththe floor rough ouror the mine ..to see
all things that my body never be allowed to go to the bathroom... only to
use my body to place all ure fluids and passings... to give to each other
in times of need..and to lick ourselves clean.. u fe u from will mix oui
am usingr writings, is that ok? (I will stop logging and send you what we
have while we write)... * , the museum. ..and many images of wimmin..so
when u speak of these images there is a Tibetan museum here, my friend mei
see them eve ..er is this a nice way of asking me if i am naked and
sitting here waitin ..it shall never be mine againyou sound like you just
gout t out of a MUD! ..tiny dusty points were i can touch u
.everywhere.... I will imagine she's there now I will tell her to touch
you yes... lag...YOUR oodBLOOD, your cl..from this ots, all over me... a
aaaaaaaa aaaaaaaall all of it over u altlve am currently doing a video
that is footage from Tibet ..it was shot two months amazing to be dirtied
and erect all the timec, exposedoating ourselves in all yes.ourl.. and all
the showers o and all this space we will create through our fluids ..i
have notions of swimmin and generally don't think about it much and he had
this sex change and then lives with a woman which is perfect, and her
fluids sand her sssblood and ys....ours, i would be there and i am guuna
go to hell..:.but hel-) and i could take imges of u with blood dripping
from ure lips ..covering ure yes, fac and i would push u through that
point that and my hiar would become entangled in ureslef ..so and scream
as u screaham ..and pleasure u ah in my screamingah a...h aaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaia aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawiaaaaa and she will
streach them further ..so that the pain bewt tween me and u r flet..th and
to sip all these fluids from each others ysescreens ....and to give u my
brebut to ap api tirped e from my sbody, a fkin ..and go riend was here on
journey tyeo other placesters ..day to feel ure who skin through mine . ar
so much ..that point that u need to feel ..and all this wrapped up in my
are you there? ath thr bidden hand? blessedct i am doing blood in me body
will be tied with many clothes ..that r covered in my body bout the likes
of u ..and now i ve done it ...donIe it with a devil .. imy can't believed
breaking one cycle openiing another bugrin* buoftwt this are but i want to
cum i am having a hard time holding back thinking f of this but it pu came
over carmming it in our holes, backe the ones in our bin.odies .. clotheds
vampire cock. d me an d watch and moivre and lick and take all this from
drip frommy mouth your blood ds dsove to tieof my me up, should woulf lu e
woulud pidiss ..wonere me toou e e ..that when a person said that u die
and go t e and eyes ..do that..and smearing e would protect u ...i would
really really love that ed through ed to live or die..or go to heaven...
ery we except for the cloth and strands of yes, bmy hiar ..u wut my could
beock wouldjust uralways be skin e exposed and my asshole as well..and not
f f out ourselves would be on the floor..we would forever be swiming in
our own bodie f t f therehis other proje; it's forbidden handand how aron
all parts of m fucking anyone who would have me, sucking anyone who wn
anted to be sucked g in ure body ..and u in m g to be taken to heaven/
gigghell/fertlinilg.... izer/bayocteria heavens and hells in that way
either ..but i am sure as hing else hl is nice ellthere, we'll too ...be
in purgatory together... hope so...  i always thi i am so close to cumming
i am so close to cumminga... i am so naked here now i can send ysou
whatmilewe have... i could bring you pleasure and your friends pleasure i
could suck it directly from your cunt i d m i have done that once it was
wonderful i have never done that, i would like to, all your effluvia all
over me, i think a sponguew would be better i want everything from your
body, others w there watching, everything i want her to runn her mouth
over ure every hole .. i want her tonguein my h in my asshole, around my
balls.... i want one of your friends there too, looking up me, fucking
youiwill I will my fin i want you here, my cock in your asshole, i
keepthinking of that. i want your fluids in my hair i wanyset lf i watcher
lips becoming becomind, tied up, unable to move. i wi i would always be
naked i would love that, i would really do that... i would push yaour bnd
they willlood into my boplace thedy ir manytoohands and i would put it in
my mouth idea to cumming if i came to you i would be naked in your place
all the tim eiwth you ii want to wear your tampx in e ax in me, i know you
don't use one, but enter your iill hol; ing ingainting allourselves this
andin acrll thisaming isty and to it dripsa salot if ponge would be fine
if you u leave it in ure cunt put it in mto long it into lil spaces ..lik
it is in a suburban neighborhood, a building directly out ofthe the
Potala... it needs ge of our editing somewhat I think too... it would drip
from me jews don't have heavens or hells, we're just confused about stuff
like that just going to turn into bacteria f and fertilizo heaven
..sureely this must have lag... lag... lag... laugh...oh god them ..yeah
well perhaps he im too ... ld place my button box on the shelf ..to play
mucsic to dance and fuck too ld tie myis to li lipopsur yourself into ll
pa lted ands maybe you would lock my clothes up, i would be naked for you
and anyone who me me me when i did... mouths on ure very skin ..to feel u
..f my cock is ready to burst my legs are spread so far they are hurting n
n u tugged and pulled at me ..ure own skin would feel the pain..oh
y.es.... and i would have to beg you to goto the bathroom... nd to take
droplets to save ..to drink when we r thr nt..and the ne o it wasn't lag
totally desecrated, it's really powerful. oh i don't have h oh no ...me
mother tol ok or u or uyes yes ot to tu faall oughdo this in real life
toothis , withtyouapand wiping th others, to do that, ould be Yple bl
probably closer to listening to early Midnight Oil... re re body and your
jesourney... re skin trunsurns into my cloth read me open, hold me nopen
rough the distance through tyeshe pain.thr..ough her hands pushing me
apart ryday in the edit suit..whcih i think its quite amazing . s s..wi
sdl died and gone to heaven.. self you must tell her what to do to me send
me some hair too... she she must use her hands and toungue all the
time..she must never take them from u she wth thould lrea shit and wour
allap iss and s our cum ..reand oucrer blood ating our own shapes and the
shapes of the buildings arooundur bodies reall should i keep logging?
smearing us together... so so that i could bleed too so u would be coated
in sor do yomile ..well u mean Midnii am naked ..aght oil Oilnd yes i have
had my ? ss u strands of my hiar to tie to the bottom ...base of ure cock
...to stop st on the ed strands of my hiar and wrap it aroundure t the
.sinceDalai Lamu know notha ing o that when that would be amazing, it
would be amazing f video, amazing to see... thatnkwould be a this is the
besbeautiful image, you ovt way ..to crawl er meup, your into my cunt cunt
andin to my mouliveth,there then cum all over my body my skin ..so i can
smear u into myey hs yes yesair and my ...b.ones. these visions we build
are so powerful, overhw whelmig... they are like Tibetan imges for ages
for me always, from the Book of the Dead, to feel all this ..and to touch
many ..and to watch many pother s..and i wou to s to stop and tell me ure
texture ..sssss tommorow..and to untie u when i feel fai touch me where,
do what, she is listening... tronges so whereell tha...t a feel
cheated..and i have to escape this tr turning me into your thing. u have
ided l u mean there is sex lag here too? u would u would be shivered by
the tio p of her lips ..should were she leaves tiny droplets of ..in her
siliva uer uer ul my soul this! ure ure lips around all thi have this
imagee minglings usy dirty, wet watchig us fuck, shit, piss, everything
we'rehell sur well it is still in forbidden plai'm cessorry...i cam*egrin
wgerhen my friend coumes herpe you must tell yher to dourothings to me
where ami wots a MUD? wr y y e you doing with your forbody yeah i get
these imagses too ..when i exwhich isplore my body ..what is so which i
know very vsll ..perhaps sometim yer i like it that way best of all yer
that would be good ..oi kthink this tex.t was very..lovley ..like ju yes
yes i am your hole through h yes but my blood is piu urple ...* yes i like
that image of 'the cloth' and ure mouth ..'the cloth' and ure body ..
yes... yes.... yes..into..ure ..clth..into u yesp, exaint ourse you can
put the cloth in my mouth. you cou.to save all their you could offer me
up... you could turn me into your thing you to sp you would you would
control all of it, i could like your urethras cleanatoond to take you
would have your friend sit on me and i would lick her cunt and suck it
youand fill my holes and fuck someone while your cock becomingI will look
into I will look inside I wo your friends coming over, filming, touching
us, opening our holes

