


Theft


You own your own machine you own your own

Hamletmachine trans. Weber:

Muller:

"Ich war Hamlet. Ich stand an der Kueste and redete mit der Branung 
BLABLA, im Ruecken die Ruinen von Europa. Die Glocken laeuteten das 
Staatsbegraebnis ein, Moerder und Witwe ein Paar, im Stechschritt hinter 
dem Sarg des Hohen Kadavers die Raete, heulend"

"I was Hamlet. I stood at the shore and talked with the surf BLABLA, the
ruins of Europe in back of me. The bells tolled the state-funeral, murd-
erer and widow a couple, the councillors goose-stepping behind the high-
ranking carcass' coffin, bawling with badly paid grief WHO IS THE CORPSE
IN THE HEARSE/ABOUT WHOM THERE'S SUCH A HUE AND CRY/'THIS THE CORPSE OF A
GREAT GIVER OF ALMS" 

spaces/blanks/Tiffany's own

"Ich bin Ophelia."

"I am Ophelia. The one the river didn't keep. The woman dangling from the 
rope. The woman with her arteries cut open. The woman with the overdose. 
SNOW ON HER LIPS. The woman with her head in the gas stove. yesterday I 
stopped killing myself. I'm alone with my breasts my thighs my womb. I 
smash the tools of my captivity, the chair the bed. I destroy the 
battlefield that was my home. I fling open the doors so the wind gets in 
and the scream of the world. I smash the window."

/smash/Tiffany's broken own

"I walk the street clothed in my blood."

DA DADAAAAH

"Ophelia

"Hier spricht Elektra."

"This is Electra speaking. In the heart of darkness. Under the sun of tor-
ture. To the capitals of the world. In the name of the victims. I eject
all the sperm I have received. I turn the milk of my breasts into lethal
poison." 

"Hamletdarsteller

"Ich bin nicht Hamlet. Ich spiele keine Rolle mehr."

Tiffany is Medea is Hamlet is Ophelia Tiffany is the actress playing 
Tiffany 

Tiffany sucks the words of the play I play Tiffany says
I suck the words of the plays I play

You play yourself burrow through the skull of 
Your words you strip the skin from 
My Bones you wear 
My Breasts puff them against your Own

Tiffany Honey Clarissa Shulamit Margarita Catherine

I wish I were the fallen Europe skin any color than white
gender any color than male body any other than my own
says Tiffany Honey Clarissa Shulamit Margarita Catherine

Tiffany write her own upon the skin write her own Catherine
write her own Margarita

Outside of you you inside see through 
My eyes grasp your desire grab hair
Grab teeth splinter against skull skin
Of mine sutured into six or seven perfect pieces

(Buddha's skull-bone: "This done, they wash their hands with scented water
and bring out the bone, which they place outside the vihara, on a lofty
platform, where it is supported on a round pedestal of the seven precious
substances, and covered with a bell of lapis lazuli, both adorned with
rows of pearls. Its colour is of a yellowish white, and it forms an imper-
fect circle twelve inches round, curling upwards to the centre." Fa-Hien.)

Tiffany no longer call her own
I no longer call my Tongue her bone
A sheath against your own your own
Perfect cyberspace my body responds to you
I am sheathed and capsule in your hand in your body
My body onto you your body into me
im Ruecken die Ruinen von Amerika
BLAH BLAH

BLAH BLAH BLAH

A plain with Tiffany of White Crows Black Sky Clarissa
Violence of SPECKS


