



Internet Text Description                                        10/21/95


The Internet Text consists of 700 +/- sections written over a period of
twenty-two months, a continuous meditation on cyberspace, emphasizing
issues of interiority, subjectivity, body, and language. The extended
range of topics includes Net applications, the materialist "gristle" that
can't be discarded in analysis. Most recently, I have been using a re- 
worked MUD (multi-user-dungeon), talkers, MOOs, and other MUDs, as a way 
of creating discourses about these issues.

_Nothing_ is concluded here, although there are summarizations of key
concepts, such as _rewrite, protocol, emission, spew, ghost, address,
inscription, fissure, and the uncanny._ There are also several sections
serving as outlines or recapitulations of the "arguments so far." 
Recently, the text has dealt with issues of net sex, psychosis, and
protolanguage. It has also covered the concept of "defuge," and traced
notions of cybermind back through such things as the Gilgamesh epic; 
Lacanian and Freudian concepts have been brought back into play. Kim 
Mcglynn and I have worked together on a series of pieces as well.

The Internet Text is in the form of "short-waves, long-waves." The former
are the individual pieces, almost all titled, written in a variety of
styles, and referencing a number of writers ranging from Jabes and Blan-
chot to Acker and Lingis, with Penrose, Kristeva, and Karl Kraus somewhere
in between. These texts are interrelated, interpenetrated; on occasion
"characters" appear - these are _actants_ possessing philosophical or
psychological import. They also create and problematize narrative sub-
structures within the work as a whole. (Such are Clara Hielo Internet,
Tiffany, Alan, Claire, Honey, and others; Tiffany, in particular, has
become a space of learning, sexuality, mathesis, semioisis... - as well as
the armature of spaces on PMC2-MOO and Media-Moo.)

The long-waves are fuzzy topoi on such issues as death, love, virtual
embodiment, the "granularity of the real," and physical reality, which
criss-cross the texts. The resulting fragmentations and coagulations owe 
something to German Romanticism, but more to the function of sites or 
nodes on the Net itself.

There is no binarism in the work, no series of protocol statements. On
the other hand, virtuality is considered far beyond the ASCII text net-
scape that is most prevalent now, at the end of the twentieth century. 
The various issues of embodiment that will arrive with full-real or 
true-real VR are already in existence as embryonic, permitting the 
theorizing of various present and future spatialities and their inter-
connectedness.

The text often presents and stumbles over gender, genders and regenders
itself; consider other-gendered personages replacing the ones described. 
I have no stake in them beyond my own desire, memory, and circumlocu-
tion; others will do.

Although there are faux-texts of writers such as Dickinson, Stein, and
Poe, these texts are meant as partial transparencies. I do not mean to
imply that virtuality is synonymous with masquerade or freely-given 
choice of identities. Almost all other references are accurate, referen-
cing a wide range of writers and viewpoints. The resulting matrix, how-
ever, is entirely my own.

The Internet Text divides into fourteen files; there is also an index
file to the whole. While it is best read in the order it is written in,
certain early sections, at pains to establish a working vocabulary, are
more terse and perhaps difficult than others; they may be skipped, to be
returned to at a later date. The same goes for the few Qbasic programs  
and those sections which employ technical terminology (once again the 
gristle). (Note that the Text is continued in the alphabetic text, which 
contains files a,b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i,j,k,l, and m to date.)

Certain texts has been written with Kim Mcglynn or Angela Hunter, and are
of course as much their creation as my own. The work to date can be found
by telnetting to

    http://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/~spoons/internet_txt.html
        (including images and sound)
    or at: ftp jefferson.village.virginia.edu
        cd pub/pubs/listservs/spoons/cybermind-digest.archive/internet

Some images are at http://www.cs.unca.edu/~davidson/pix/ as well.
The building at Media-Moo is #2014 and at PMC2-MOO, do @join Alan and 
from the first space, go "down" to the second.


Alan Sondheim, sondheim@panix.com, sondheim@netcom.com


