




Presentation of the Self in Everyday Wryt


(I wryte my sex. I wrythe my sex.)

Earlier in the text I have been working on, I described negation as the
heart of human communication, the ability to be denied by the Other, and
the effacement that ensues. Ef-face-ment: the humiliation of the face and
its openness, the embarrassment which is caused by the sensation of the
denial of being. It is this risk that negation entails psychoanalytically,
a risk that is replaced in cyberspace by erasure: the ability to annihil-
ate words (but nothing else), through the use of kill/delete/and so forth,
the instantaneous cure of the pseudonymous other. 

Erasure parallels effacement, but permits the reading and wryting of the 
self; if I wryte net.sex with you, I _am_ net.sex; if I wryte violence 
among you, I _am_ violence. What I am wryting in both instances is with- 
out effacement, without risk; desire is doubly released here, first, as a 
flux or emission from the components of the id, and second, as a textual 
device which wrytes the unconscious, through the hysteria of (proto)lan- 
guage, reminiscent of, and replacing the real.

What is under erasure is always legible, readable; what is under efface-
ment, has turned the body away. The ability to annihilate textually
eliminates at best the framework of communication; the ability to efface
constructs shame. (On the Net, I am capable of flirting; in real life, I
am psychologically tongue-tied, unable to face the Other, even the mirror,
embarrassed, incapable of even asking someone for a date. But I am not ab-
sented in real life as I am on the Net where I open myself to the release-
ment of the Hidden.)

The "whining" effect of cybermind, the emphasis on pain, the occasional 
outpouring of emotion, is the result of erasure; at worst, an ignorant 
reply is the result. But the construct of the self through the mirroring 
of the Other that goes beyond language, into the implicit ontic processes 
of the gaze, is absent here; the self emerges more often in cybermind 
splayed, vulnerable of speech, and invulnerable of flesh. 

These are delicate distinctions, but they permit the speaking of pain
here, the therapuetics of the ascii unconscious as, through speaking, it
finds itself spoken-for, by others who are not. 

The reciprocity of languaging procures community. Never forget that Freud 
pursued the talking cure. (And crying and laughing, re: Plessner, are the 
limits of the body, limits which textually inscribe themselves in cyber- 
mind.)


