


Pre-Cybermind 1990

Without your presence, writing remains immaterial.
Something retains the course of this beyond the father?
Does the species repeat itself?
Does culture slide back into the phallus and its mimicry of strength?
Are questions repetitions, for example concerned with the sublimation of 
nurturing?
Women have been excluded from the question, problematize the 
interrogative. 
(But the question is asked _of_ the woman.)
To ask appropriates, crashing an entire structure.
Halves rebel against the absenting father.
At the very least exhaustion opens, fluctuates.
No one can complete the course set, no one of either gender.
 the insatiability of yearning and longing
Nostalgia and longing collapse desire into commodification.
The immateriality of writing seethes, inconsequential, invisible.
What I harbor is always elsewhere than the writing produced by harboring.
I am not responsible for myself! I repeat the same old story!
Speech adjudicates itself, adjusts, returns with fury, refuses to let go.
The occurrence of my writing: that nothing occurs in speech.
So writing is already machine production, autonomic.
So there is nothing of me present therefore the absence of the father.
Who writes itself into every discourse, transforming _him_ into neutrality.
Transforming him as far as allowable beneath the law of the father.
As if there were a mechanics of _jostling._
 inundation of pre-oedipal semiosis, part-objects, contour-processing?
Therefore a liquidity of logical fragments, infant seethings?
Which are never lost, moving to the limits of the body, laughter, tears.
To the excitation, shattering of the margins, contours.
Beyond the interrogative, remaining as the source/fragmentation of 
discourse.
Or the difficulty, impossibility, of opening up _same_ to _other_.
Writing as drift, without anchorage, untethered writing.
But nonetheless at odds with its subject (absented), choral, on the side 
of _whatever._
"Whatever" spoken accompanied by a gesture of resignation, particulate 
and abandoned field, "no matter what."
...
Writing incising the body, transforming fissure into inscription: lifted 
off the body, compartmentalized, the beginning of the (continuous) bi- 
furcation of the psychoanalytical field itself...
...
The abandoned field field of absence and loss field of memory and 
collapse field of decay and admonition...
...

