


Disconnections


In Postmodern Sureno, a tape edited with Dawnja Burris, I worked with
issues of postmodernism in relation to Ciudad Juarez and El Paso. What
developed from this were considerations of geography in relation to tele-
communications, the maquiladora / colonia system, and the hallucinatory
city. The tape was shot on location, a series of interviews, landscapes,
commentaries, with little image manipulation. The journey was often in
real-time, Spanish and English, not all of it translated. 

Juarez appeared increasingly as an intensification, a gathering or coal-
escence of humans, part-objects, trails and traces, across a denuded land-
scape; there were no sewers, water, paved roads, or paid-for electricity. 
The last was "stolen" directly from overhead wires run into the dwellings,
and the water was trucked in to the lower elevations, from which it would
be hauled up the barren hills.

Television was everywhere, as were gangs and gang-signings, and the area
was largely undefined, undemarcated, the number of inhabitants of Juarez
at that point (say three years ago) unknown, the delineation of the formal
urban geography equally problematic. News spread by foot, by television 
and radio, through signs and loudspeakers. 

The colonia dwellings were examples of bricolage, paralleled everywhere in
the world from Brasilia to the Philippines. They were remarkably invent-
ive, territorial demarcations which might or might not shift. Some of them
were in existence for years. The colonias had loose identities.  The city
maps, which were very few at the time, did not map the city, only the more
or less disrupted core. 

Sickness was a catastrophe about to happen, with the factories dumping
industrial waste, combined with human, directly into either runoff chan-
nels or cesspools. The maquiladoras themselves, some of them, provided
education and health-care. The city was centered around a plaza, where
traditional dances were carried out, for money, overlooked by a cathedral. 
Juarez had schools and health-care towards the center of town, which was 
extremely run down, not servicing the outskirts to any extent.

Microwave connected Juarez with El Paso, as did television, beamed from
Mexico, from New Mexico, from Texas. This was also the region of classic
border radio, from Wolfman Jack further south and east, all the way to
Tiajuana. Mexico is now wiring heavily for the Internet, and nations
everywhere are backing down from their borders into coagulations of inter-
ests, difficult and relative nomadicisms in which whole populations are on
the move, some of which are making Mexico City the most populous in the
world. 

Postmodern Sureno dealt with all of these issues, as well as the informal
economies described by de Soto in The Other Path. These economies, their
redrawings of territories and the territorial concept itself, are increas-
ingly becoming a planetary consciousness, one already presaged from the 
Internet. That consciousness is fragmented, not only by languages, histor- 
ies, populations, and identifications, but also by tourisms, scarcities, 
linguistic hegemonies, and electronic communications. All of these play 
into the world as a whole becoming, like the MOO with @dig commands, an 
accumulation of local exchanges within corrupted and distant superstruc- 
tures. Brother Gates may rule the wires, and his subjects will never have 
heard of him.

And his subjects may starve.


