


Disconnections


One can construct postmodern sociologies, based on cities like Juarez,
counties like those found in southwest Texas, anywhere that displaced pop-
ulations exist and increase without the accompanying urban infrastuctures
we take for granted. These regions participate in "communication econom-
ies," since they possess a wide variety of channels for public and pri-
vate, one-to-one, many-to-one, one-to-many, many-to-many, communications. 
Private one-to-one, on the order of the telephone or cb, intensify ties
at a distance, either from rural origins (diachrony), or city-wide empha-
sizing origins (synchrony) - or productive of other identities and econo-
mies, such as beeper networks for drugs. Many-to-one occurs in the form of
flyers, distributed individually to homes; one-to-many is the domain of
the loudspeaker, among other things. All of these forms of communication 
can create closer ties and more tightly constructed identities than 
regionalisms or nationalisms, often overlaid from above (see, still, Jean 
Duvignaud, Change at Shebika). 

Of all these forms, radio and television are the most critical and easiest
to import/export; telephones were very rare in the colonias, but televi-
sion and vcrs were not. One of the shacks in the colonia we visited at
length was a video rental store. In the markets, rap and other musics were
common; there were huge quantities of cassettes for sale, both (apparen-
tly) bootleg and legitimate. 

Boundaries break down in situations like these and the political becomes 
the psychoanalytical, and vice versa. The distinction between urban and 
rural for example is transformed into a matter of style mapped on to 
competing images produced in both regions (you see the same thing in rep- 
resentations of so-called "hillbillies," from L'il Abner to Deliverance). 
The images are often introjected, so that, for example, part of the 
image/imaginary of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) is Hollywood- 
produced and then reintegrated into Canadian Culture (see Pierre Berton). 
(And see The Harder They Come, and any other number of movies.)

All of this is compounded by tourisms which reinscribe cities and encap-
sulate cultural domains; the commodification, for example, of native
crafts results in an emphasis within the native community to produce those
"traditions" which apparently sell. (There have been extensive studies on
Native American crafts production in this regard.)

These tourisms are another form of communicative linking, nomadic, comp- 
licated, displacing the native populations in the region.

The Internet, still in its early stages, fits well within these models,
which are hardly models at all, but flows upon fixed and denuded topogra-
phies, as well as economies rapidly running out of resources of all sorts,
from food to bandwidth. I should add that Juarez and the southwest coun-
ties are only openly systematic of what, for example, may be found in my
own neighborhood or elsewhere in North America - everywhere, in fact, as
fundamental realignments are occurring among and in the midst of nations. 
The relatively minor battles fought _here_ will be on the streets within a
couple of decades: One can imagine, again, a future combining enclaves of 
the rich with the deterritorializations of everyone else - including de- 
territorializations of the body and the "I" itself. Fascisms are an easy 
way out.


