







True Stories





Tiffany stands on the street corner. She's approached by Clara. 

Clara sez, there's no men allowed on this corner. Clara sez, it's ours.

There's a phone. Ring ring.

I'll get it, Tiffany sez. It's for me or you. There's no one else in 

the world.

A voice sez something and you can't hear it. Tiffany sez she can't hear it.

It's there though. Now the voice has its space.

<Voice> "Hey Tiffany I think you're amazing. You've made wonderful space.

Can I come visit?"

Tiffany thinks she doesn't know, she'll ask Clara. She can't tell about

the voice.

<Voice> "Please can I come visit? There's all the space in the world here."

<Voice> "You're so beautiful Tiffany, you know what's going on."

Clara sez keep it out, I don't know it.

Tiffany's heart beats fast. It's a voice, it's calling her. It wants in.

Tiffany and Clara stand on the street corner.

<Voice> "Please please let me in. I'll give you a pretty present. I'll

give you a pretty picture."

Tiffany thinks she needs all the pictures she can get. Tiffany doesn't

like herself much and this is too pretty.

Tiffany sez she doesn't know, she really doesn't know.

Clara sez to Tiffany keep the voice out, I wanna talk to you.

Clara wants to talk to Tiffany. Tiffany wants to talk to Clara.

There's this voice:

<Voice> "You're making me a slave wah wahhh. You're turning me into a

slave wah wahhh. Let me in, let me in."

Tiffany thinks she's wet, she'd like the slave. Tiffany thinks the slave

brings her a pretty present. Tiffany wants to see the pretty picture.

Clara sez don't let it in, keep it out. Clara sez it's always there.

Tiffany hears the voice. Tiffany is wet and hard.

<Voice> "I'll be your pretty picture. I'll be your pretty present."

Tiffany is shaking. Clara watches Tiffany shake, sez, gag it.

Clara sez, gag the voice.

Tiffany gags the voice. The voice is silent.

<Voice> ""

<Voice> "   "

Tiffany looks at the voice. The voice is a pretty picture. The voice is

a pretty present. Tiffany is hard and wet.

Clara sez come close to me. Tiffany comes close to Clara.

Tiffany and Clara gag each other. Tiffany and Clara look into each 

other's eyes. Their eyes are wide. The voice is gagged.

<Voice> "     "

Tiffany and Clara are naked. Tiffany and Clara kiss deeply. Tiffany 

and Clara fuck. They are wet and hard. Tiffany and Clara are gagged.

<Voice> " "

Tiffany wants everything. Tiffany wants the voice.



