




hidden title of anonymous block
that this is an impenetrable block, that no one will read it in full or in
part, that it will garner no response, that it is wryting opening to a
void or a ghost which in a land where there is no church to pray for subs-
tantiality, that this collapses in upon itself, that it harbors no concern
or resentment, that it is machine-made that it husbands no reply or furth-
er consideration, that it constitutes your position but a focal point but
a threshold beyond which the firing occurs
so i can speak freely to you. so that there is no fear of reading wryting
arithmetrics. _because of my vulnerability in this space, I will never
have netsex again._ typing this text occupies my name, restraining me. i
promise never to fall in love with your text again. your text wraps around
me, wrything, pulling me towards the ground, the command prompts at the 
bottom of the page. when i go to sleep i dream of golden-letter commands, 
would rather dream of unknown alphabetics.
i will disconnect reconnect. i will be beautiful_alan cleansed of neuros-
es, happy/ compliant. now to another matter. i will devote myself to wry-
ting, to moving up to the wizardry of muds and moos everywhere in cyber-
space. i will devote myself to those august bodies. i will hold the scales
of life and death over each and every user. i will tip the scales. 
this august space will be legislated, and i will learn, with my cleansed
and proper body, to legislate in and beyond the field of wryting. thus i
will test the limits of performativity by decision-to-be-implemented. 
this has nothing to do with justice, except by legislative fiat, bypassed
by the word under erasure. 
but it has everything to do with the positioning of oneself in space for
the pleasure of others. and i will inhabit wizardries, building myself
within the interstices of anyone who will have me; my powers will be like
the silver skeins flooded out from beneath deep-sea medusae, illuminating
the darkness everywhere you turn. 
there will be a pavilion in cyberspace and i will be its luminous breasts.


