




My Life


"Philosophy, as I have so for understood and lived it, means living volun-
tarily among ice and high mountains - seeking out everything strange and
questionable in existence, everything so far placed under a ban by morali-
ty. Long experience, acquired in the course of such wanderings _in what is
forbidden,_ taught me to regard the causes that so far have prompted mora-
lizing and idealizing in a very different light from what may seem desira-
ble: the _hidden_ history of the philosophers, the psychology of the great
names came to light for me. 

"How much truth does a spirit _endure,_ how much truth does it _dare?_
More and more that became for me the real measure of value. Error (faith
in the ideal) is not blindness; error is _cowardice._

"Every attainment, every step forward in knowledge, _follows_ from cour-
age, from hardness against oneself, from cleanliness to relation to one- 
self.

"I do not refute ideals, I merely put on gloves before them."

(Nietzsche, Ecce Homo.)


I am crippled, brilliant, because these words are a posteriori stolen from
me, ripped from the cage of my chest, opened up along the fault line,
exposing myself momentarily to you through this wrything into existence.
But cleanliness is embedded in this territory, and it precisely through
its absence, through the edge afforded me, that I am able to go on, beyond
Nietzsche, in spite of his gaze, cleared of the necessity of the clot
spattered back from the formation of the ego which, through Hertz and
Zarathustra, must have appeared jeweled and ice itself. From one pole to
the other I have veered, have laid in the earth itself to bring back its
secrets positioned simultaneously in mouth and anus; I am far more aware
than you of the weakness of the skin, our ability to retain our blood
within ourselves, for our own private circulations. For it is among human-
ity as a whole that blood flows, from one to another, an exchange of
fluids, diseases, languages, each term transitive in relation to every
other, each term simultaneously distended and under erasure. I have par-
ticipated in the tablets and the hardening, baking of the tablets, and
inscribing upon them, which is within them; I have participated in the
tablets, and the crumbling, sintering of the tablets, inscriptions
fissured and raw, exposed, in the dust composed of memories cluttered 
against sweet holes open to the weather.

Yet I, too, do not refute ideals, preferring to refrain from them who 
continue to clasp them as veins etched within the earth itself, mobile 
from strata to strata; if ideals have defeated totality, they have 
erected themselves in its stead, beneath the same sign of the other. Thus 
I ignore the signs, only to expose them in any weather.

But _hardness,_ yes, the hardness to observe the world with eyelids stit-
ched open and unblinking in the darkness of the midday sun. It is not
truth which emerges; it is lies. There is no truth, the one; there are
many lies. They cannot be called by their names; they are in excess of
names. They are called by their productions. They are called because they
lead to 2+2=5 in each and every system. They reflect the truth of the 
name. 

I endure impossible truths, dare more than possible. I am a coward; I
cannot harbor physical pain, run from anguish. And I recognize there are
no peaks of truths, no ranges; truth makes itself apparent as a skein upon
a plateau, fissures cracked from the lack of rain. Natural signs are sim-
ultaneously indecipherable, and imminent in the simplicity of their read-
ing and interpretation. The endurance is another matter altogether; I am
not a coward, and have faced the most violent truths about myself and
others. 

And ice, yes, ice in any weather, shatters my skin, opens me into the 
wound that assails the truth with blood, wrything blood within, without 
my body, ice and flux in any weather.

What Nietzsche has lost by virtue of _soap_ and the _problems of soap,_ 
I have gained to ascend the plateau which surrounded him, invisible.

