







Tales From The Dead



The Uncanny Disappearance of M. Charcot, by Edgar Allen Poe





   September 1752

 S  M Tu  W Th  F  S

       1  2 14 15 16

17 18 19 20 21 22 23

24 25 26 27 28 29 30



September 4, 1752. I notice a new Malaise around me; people seem somewhat

ephemeral. Time has come to a stop; in this, the mid-century of the most

advanced since the beginning of Man, I find myself questioning what 

remains of Cosmic Knowledge. Who knows... Perhaps that fellow Watt has 

the right idea.



September 7, 1752. Watt's right is Watt's wrong. His Mechanical Governor 

seems to rule Nothing whatsoever.



September 8, 1752. No matter how often I succumb to Onanistic Impulses,

my Seed remains within me!



September 11, 1752. I have taken another Mistress who does not seem 

to notice anything amiss. A certain transparency is in the Air, and I 

find myself coming down perhaps with the Antiquated Pox! Will events 

never cease? They certainly do not cease to amaze my pleasant Self!



September 13, 1752. I have agreed to do away with myself! For one thing, 

Hunger has got the better of me. For another - but that is another story, 

and there is no Time to tell it!



(The Diary Ends Here)







SCAR





_Scar_ is the definition of life, not self-replication, not non-equil-

ibrium dissipative structures. _Scar_ is the sealing-off of an intrusion

of the body by an external agent. 



There are no _entities_ beyond or except for the body.



The body is an entity because the body defines itself as an entity.



_Scar_ is the definition of history as well. Something occurs, opening

a wound; the wound heals, leaving a scar. _Scar_ is the closing of an

undesirable opening, the signifier of that opening. As a signifier, it

is primary, encompassing simultaneously the iconic, symbolic, and index-

ical. It is the only signifier that does this.



Life exhibits itself to itself as totality; aware of the limits of the

body, it does what is necessary to protect itself. Beyond the level of

the amoeba, the scar remains in evidence. One learns to read scars.



Lingis' "society of dismembered body parts" is actually a society of

scars. Scars are done to the body by the other; they are the body's re-

cognition of the other. The other leaves its mark.



_Scar_ is the recognition of the beginning and ending of the body. It

signifies the life of the body and its potential death. It exists as a

signifier of death as well. Every signifier in fact carries with it the

death of the gesture, inhabiting and curtailment of excess. Signifiers

leak back into the world they come from. Scars itch.



The parts of scar: memory; history; destruction of tissue and the gap;

the suturing; the insignia. The scar reaches beyond itself, harbors the

jagged edges of healthy skin or tissue. The scar reminds health of ill-

ness, life of death.



There are internal scars, and scars or wounds of the soul. But we speak

of external scars, read by the other, our histories our/their own. Scars

signify the totality that was broken into; every proper name is a scar,

healing the body of the abyss of non-entity, abjection, dissolution.



If I show you my scars, I become intimate with you, pointing out defect,

occlusion, a history of pain. If they are present, unremarked, they be-

come a warning: I have borne them, I may bear you.



If I show you my scars, I show you I am alive.

