







KNOWING





It is a New England room, the walls painted with off-color white enamel,

over-grown moldings and wood-framed windows with layer upon layer of

colors, varnished thin-boarded floor. There is a brick fireplace, and

always that sense of dust around in the vicinity of bricks, and dark

soot with poorly-defined shapes grown out and upwards through the 

chimney. And here there is a single bed - well, not actually single, but

what might be called queen-sized, with a white bedspread, turned now into

patterns of roses, fallen on all sides down, fringes almost to the floor, 

pillows stuffed into one end, fluffed-up, as she had said so many years

ago. And there, here is a brass light hanging from the ceiling, central,

surrounded by a raised plaster ellipse, worn down as well with paint.

I sit upon the bed, the laptop in my hands. The room always has that

chill that comes with New England winters, as if the air refused to 

carry the limited warmth pouring out from the electric heater, filaments

glowing, in the corner. A wire leads from the laptop to the telephone

outlet, but when I look, this winter night, the wire disappears, and I

am left alone, writing into the surface of the screen, etching darkness

out of grey-silver illumination. It is almost time for the frost to 

begin, spreading from the edges of the window-panes, net-like, across 

the rest of the surface, thinning out where I might imagine the terminals

to be. There is juice in the batteries; I am half beneath the covers, 

half chilled, leaning into the keyboard. Nothing comes back to me for all

I have given to the world. There is the sound of the wind out-of-doors 

and occasional creaks of ice cracking, breaking from the strain of it

all. I know that the moon will reflect shadowed blue along the stress

leaned out of the hills, punctured by black branches. I know that the

stars burn ice-cold, ferocious, in a wilderness I can never ascertain,

and I am taken in by the vulnerability of it, this world splayed open

to the sky. Each word, each line, is a singlet upon the screen. Warmth

seeps from the covers; I ignore the chill as long as possible, postponing

the fetal position that alone brings me to sleep. There are no clocks,

for I have put time aside. There are books, as well, hovering near the

distant heater, words chattering on the margins of the room, murmurs of

imaginary mouths, translucent with the saying of them. I know there are

no raptures in this world. I will scarcely read what I have written, 

glancing across the text only to remove the occasonal error. The light

flickers slightly, a wind has picked up, and I can hear a dog, cold with

the night and the day, cold with the week and the month, barking, in the

distance. I sense the frozen streamer of a cloud, cirrus, passing far

overhead. I wonder about the mice below; they'll appear later, for what-

ever heat I have left to share. They have always known the sky.





