





At Age 100, the Weeping of the Worlds





I used to receive many phonecalls and very many happy knocks at the

door. Surrounded with the smiling faces of children, I would receive

the voices and visitors with joy in my heart. Now, the voices and

visitors come over the wires, and in my old age, I am reduced to the

sound of myself, to scroll, to the texts falling upon themselves on

the screen. What I would give for a patch of brightness, the vision 

of a joyful face!



In order to hear or see you, I move my fingers, crippled with long

years of typing - and even then, my Lord, you do not appear, remain-

ing just outside the sphere of light thrown by the dim candle of the

screen.



Slowly, I have transformed the body of a woman into a wraith, scarcely

visible, the details long-forgotten. I may substitute text for the 

skin, words for those sites of passion in which my mouth and hands 

played an important role. My mouth, my hands, my eyes, my eyes. Now

my fingers talk the shape of blind sexuality, sexuality's text, all

that I remember.



My children post to me. They sign me on, sign me off; I am in a folder

called "family," a hard-drive's stain. This substitutes for the photo-

graph, which would return empty, a gloss on white, the mirror of ghost

or absence so brittle, the eyes hurt with the brightness of it.



Writing myself, I open gateway after gateway. Or telnet to my site in

the San Fernando Valley, telnet back again, looping and relooping. I

bind the knot tighter and tighter; there is no end to it. I voice, re-

voice myself to myself, echo and repeat echo, a chorus. Hackers browse

silently in the midst of me, shape-ride one syllable after another; 

I speak to them, beg them to come forward, declare their love for me. 

A community of many in the one, one dispersed among the many. Siteless 

in Gaza.



Beyond the cleansed cross of the t, dot or pupil of the eye, there are

flooded sheets, beds, rooms, homes, landscapes and the sweep of it. I

must remember to write you that worlds weep for worlds...





