


Scattered Ashes


Through Armand Mattelart, Mapping World Communication, and the work of
nineteenth-century illustrators such as Cruikshank, a new order, that of 
_scattering-production,_ makes its appearance - an order characterized 
by telegraph, telephony, passenger pigeon, optical telegraph, and above 
all, the railroad, an order whose phenomenology presages that of compu-
ter-mediated communication and our presence on the Net.

In Cruikshank's Table-Book of 1845, the railroad dominates in images
reflecting both totality and the second law of thermodynamics. Every-
thing is close to splintering; everything is scattering production.
Thus in _The Demon of 1845_ by John Oxenford (Cruikshank, op. cit.),
we read: "I turned my eyes towards an eminence in the great city, for
thither I saw the people were tending; and strange was the sight I
beheld. A gigantic form, seemingly fashioned of iron, but animated by
a sort of semi-life, was seated as on a throne. The eyes flashed, but
it was with the redness of fire, not with the life-sparkle of human-
ity; the breath of the nostrils was a thick white vapour, which 
reached the far distance ere it began to disperse. The occupation of
the figure was unpoetical enough. In each corner of its huge mouth
it held a large iron pipe, through which it blew innumerable spheres,
that all glittered like gold, and were wafted about in the air."

Further in the same volume, _The Natural History of the Panic,_ by
Angus B. Reach: "Again we say, a most dire monster - his animal heat
supported by glowing coke; the bubbling fluid in his trunk by no means
producing the fatal effects of water in the chest; his lungs keeping up
the steam without ever throwing him into the vapours; his metal limbs
crushing all they reach; his iron fingers grasping sovereigns as the
tongs catches up cinders; the coals under the monster emblematic of
the coals over which his worshippers are pulled; casting down every-
where his gauge, broad or narow, of battle - a really formidable mons-
ter is 'the Railway Panic.'" And in _Railway Calls_ by the editor, 
"Every man in the present day is a holder of shares in a Railway, that
is to say he has got some pieces of paper, called scrip, entitling him
to a proportionate part of a blue, red, or yellow line drawn across a
map, and designated a Railway." 

From Mattelart: "The International Railway Conference was created in 
1882, 17 years after the first international meetings concerning the
telegraph. And yet Stephenson's 'Rocket,' the very prototype of all
steam locomotives, had appeared in 1829 and the world's rail network had
already reached 430,000 kilometers."

From Michel Serres, _Turner Translates Carnot:_ "No more discourses, no
more scenes, no more sculptures with clean, cold edges: the object 
directly. Without theoretical detours. Yes, we enter into incandescence.
At random." "The balance sheet is easy to draw up. Tools: locomotive, 
steamships, furnace, foundry." And earlier in the same essay: "The 
material cloud with its aleatory edges becomes a squall, and the water 
in the tank, driving rain. For a moment the engine dissolves into the
world that resembles it; it passes like a scourge of time. Man has
constructed a thing-nature. The painter makes one see the entrails of
this thing: stochastic bundles, dualism of sources, winking fires, its
material entrails, which are the very womb of the world, sun, rain, ice,
clouds, and showers. Heaven, sea, earth, and thunder are the interior
of a boiler which bakes the material of the world. At random."

What are we to make of all of this, if not the problematization, not of
the natural, but of technology, the construct of the technological as
nothing more than a close step from the mines that produced the iron,
lakes and streams from which the water was drawn? Scattering-production
creates, above all, _emissions,_ scattering-effects whose source, like
the identity of the electron, dissolves upon closer scrutiny. Emissions
course through the socius as if fractal ideations; and here, already in
the early nineteenth century, the height of the industrial revolution,
we see new discourse networks (re. Kittler) coming into work and play,
an admixture of totality and dissolution. Scattering-production lends
itself to hysteria, to further dissolution, that of the self, not re-
cuperated in language, but lost in steam, in the membrane of the real.
Serres references "material entrails," "the very womb of the world," 
and this is always already a reconfiguration of the body - such exists
in Cruikshank's work as well. In Mattelart, everything cools down with
the examination of the outward aspects of all of this, the international
regimes constructing dispersion and empire. 

And on the Internet and its future, steam, steam, an ontological and 
epistemological aporia regarding technology and the natural, with no
conceivable resolution, because, it is becoming more and more evident,
_there is no problem._ Nature is not yet, nor ever will be, purely a
regime of the construct; technology is not yet, nor ever will be, purely
other. The surface difference bifurcates the surface, dissolves: that
of the order or mediation of assemblages. And even here, biogenetics
smooths the bifurcation. The only thing that happens, is _steam._ (And
as I believe Philip Morrison pointed out, the normative condition of the 
universe is that of plasma; the earth, an inhabitation or _hearth,_ is 
an exception. It is only within the exception, for example, the _ class-
ical_ exception, that "normal" two-valued logic holds; the barbarians that
are closing in are the deconstructed truths of the opening limits of our
imagination.)

