



From sondheim@panix3.panix.com Wed Sep 28 09:00:34 1994

Date: Wed, 28 Sep 1994 08:54:27 -0400 (EDT)

From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix3.panix.com>

To: Cybermind@world.std.com

Subject: Wired





Wired:









	The follow blank double-screens are intended as protection

	against the post that follows. The post may contain objec-

	tional language that some find offensive. Please delete now

	if such is the case. Thank you.































































































Wired



For years I thought about my cunt, hole opening up just for the pleasure

of it, cunts creasing the body, devouring my cock, inverting it; like a

whore in '74 I spread myself open on television, her tongue worked its

way through me, screaming theory! theory! forgetting the lines as the

body arched, spent itself. I always wanted to write the world, my cock

a clumsy pencil, limited supply of wood and lead. Her piss filled my

mouth; I dissolved in a world of tears and beautiful pain. My cunt is

on my arm, my leg, my eyes; my cunt is a male cunt, body bent into

impossibility, hovering for the construct of miscarriage, afterbirth.

I shove myself into myself, fingers open like a flower. Between my cock

and asshole she painted a picture-perfect cunt, inscribed against shaved

skin, shadowed breasts, delineation and I never felt more naked. My face

was wet with the flow of her, blood smearing my beautifully drawn nipples

and my legs so wide you could see inside. My tongue burrowed into her

asshole; I could feel her shit with the tip, eyes against cunt, moist, 

and open, touching skin, interior. Walking down the street, cum smears

me, her hand hot and heavy on my cock, fingers down her pants; you 

watch the skin grow and crawl beneath the cloth. She makes me piss on

me, little wet thing, stain of past and future memory. Beneath the rod

of my cock, musk comes on like an obscene lure; she presses her cunt on

it, hard to the barren point of pain, our bodies tied together, splayed

open in permanent fuck, breasts bound, mouths against mouths, organs,

piss, cum, shit, assholes, cunts, opened, cock held out on a rigid cord

tied to my neck my neck. They put things in us, took things out. They

wired us up. They turned our cunts cocks into letters. They leaned the 

letters with menstrual blood. They leaned the letters leaned the letters.

They wired us wired us up.





