


THE REAL SKINNY


So Tiffany: "We exist on a different plane, Johnny. We make our own 
rules. It's a small price to pay." 
Honey: "Sorry, Johnny. I guess you don't get to be President."
The Gibbs says: "Rock and Roll!" like it's an order or something.
Tiffany: "It's a little hard for the FBI, now, huh?"
The GIbbs comes back: "Just do it!"
Comes back again: "Do whatever they want Jerry!"
Honey way cool: "You're breaking your own rules. You blew it, man. You 
don't know what's happening."

_Tori Amos cooks dinner for Trent. It's way fucking cool._

It like fuck on a bicycle. Someone always gets hurt in a stickup. You 
have to be fucking careful. There are always new dupes around. You just
might find them and one of them might be sticking a piece in your back.
If you blow them away there's a new kid on the block. So the Gibbs told
me it's just fucking skin, it's the skinny. He went out like that.

The fucking pigs are out of their mind. They don't think about anything
except offing someone. It's all a matter of control. Capitalists ruined
everything. Capitalists suck the world dry; they're evil, they gotta 
have a price on their head. The Gibbs said it's the skinny. He said it
just like that. Way cool with the rings and everything. Fucking blow
you away.

What's this about the fucking bikes? They keep falling down - you ride
by leaning one way then the other. The bike is always falling just like
you do when you walk a step, when you walk a step with me.

"Don't let him ride in with the black and whites like some punk. Let
me ride him in."

Money's a number got your number on it. Just a matter of counting. Ten,
I give you twenty. Twenty, you give me ten. Divide and conquer the Gibbs
said. What's the difference between fucking flesh and a hundred dollars?
A hundred dollars. The Gibbs told me that. It's the skinny, he said.

He said it was always like that. You could get a blow for twenty, double
blow for thirty. It was a matter of RECOMPENSE. You always got robbed no
matter how you cut it. Cut it with wine, it's just a bit fine. Cut it
with weed, going to seed. Just like that. My cock's got a tattoo. LONELY
MAN it says. Honey, a lonely man. Like the Gibbs said, you gotta REWRITE.
You gotta REWRITE yourself or no one will read you. It's the real skinny
and he told me about it.

You think I'm fucking stupid but I'm telling you about it and it's right
here and look around you, I'm nowhere at all. And all you can say is the
same thing over and over again, it's not flesh, not cunt. It's nothing
but a little glass screen. So REWRITE it, the Gibbs would say. I know 
he'd say it because he taught me that and everything I know.

I'm fucking robbing you on Cybermind. I'm taking you for everything 
you've got. I'm taking you for nothing. I don't even know what you have
to offer. You haven't seen anything. You haven't seen the real skinny.

There's nothing left. I'm taking away the two of us. I'm taking away
the three of us. The Gibbs said, you gotta REWRITE. The Gibbs wrote me
in all the textbooks. The Gibbs said, they say the same thing and they
say it over and over. Fuck that. But there's nothing else to say and
you gotta know that and gotta be silent.

"Look, man. People are dead - the ride is over! The man you killed is
an off-duty cop. I know you man. When they're on to you, you won't
back down, not till you're on the ground. Tell me where she is!"

"Tell me where she is!"

She's saying something to me but I can't fucking hear. It's Tiffany, 
she's always talking, always right. She knew. She just knew. But I can't 
fucking find her and if I don't find her both of us are through. It's
like the Gibbs said, the thing works like a bicycle, keeps going round
but you gotta ride because it's falling down. You get off it and it's
dead, man. Death's the real skinny.

WHEN YOU TAKE A STEP WITH ME:

"You'd do all that. You'd do all that for her!"

"You'd better fucking believe it! I'd burn my arm off for less!"

DAMAGE!



