







FRAY AND SEDUCTION





The seduction of cyberspace... I am enveloped by posts, the body tremb-

ling with the unknown, slivers held back. The less you say of yourself, 

the more the other is drawn forward, downward; the more you open your-

self, the more penetration. A dangerous game, displaying each and every 

secret, or releasing them as a stuttered flow, the orgasm of knowledge

itself. What do I know about you? What will you tell me? Sometimes I

receive messages from strangers, do I write to strangers? Sometimes I

receive openings, texts fluttering apart like paper cranes. All of us

are pooled in cyberspace, marsh-liquidities, nomadic, devouring the

impossible. It is seductive because it is incapable of achievement. It

is seductive because the space suddenly and momentarily fills with per-

fume. Lured in, seduction is the phenomenology of the _nipple,_ its all-

defining circularity, the territory of the breast outlined against the

memory of the screen, screen-memory, screen-mammary. In fashion, the

nipple is indexical, not the lure itself, but the reference of the lure.

The nipple pools cyberspace; wet with tongues, mouths, eyes, its mois-

ture reflects a writing scragged across terminal desire.



On the net, I falter: What would I give for _your_ presence here? This,

too, is a lure, your knowledge of my absence and my absence within my-

self. We are pockets for one another. We fill one another with the 

caress of language we _would have_ spoken to one another long ago, but

we could not speak, could never speak, in each other's presence, and

what emerged were only platitudes, stupidities, as I would think later.

And in the end, we only merge with ourselves, a sliver of seduction

cutting through the flesh or the wood, splitting the self in a fragment

of language left in some other apartment, home, loft, wherever our 

temporary and fumbling connections were made, "safe" pretending.



( Does seduction involve the parasitic? There is always a third party

present, the absented indexical slant of the case. On the Net, there

is a profusion or coagulation of absences - blurred ontological bound-

aries. The post _itself_ is seductive, since the body is _inconceivably_

present (the third party?), which is not to say absent in its entirety,

if the performative is to have any gainsay. For here the performative

constructs the body, as I have _pointed out_ elsewhere, the body of the

space installed and inflated by the post itself.



Because text is the only priority of seduction on the Net, seduction

bends the text, a form of accommodation at a remove from analytic phil-

osophy. Communication here exists within post-structural poetics; what

else could account for absence in its absence. So that communication is

distorted by absence; only _protocol_ remains unproblematic, since with-

out pipeline, communication ceases on the surface. To _read_ in this 

space is to be assured of machinery and its symmetrical substructures,

automorphisms, everything in place. It is the surface that becomes dis-

rupted in seduction, a folding or crinkling of the skin. )



( There is always a third party present; to seduce is to seduce in the

presence of others, to splay the body open, expose its secrets. For that

matter, the third party may be the first or second; there is a doubling

of conceit at work, no matter. And there are whole bodies, properly 

coupling through cams implying _something else_ within the interior, the

flux of the secret itself. Then there is the _housing._



The _housing_ is the world. The _housing_ is every conceivable subject.

I will write you, but you must not tell me your name. I will make love

to you, but I must never know the date of your birth. I will fuck myself

in your presence, cyberghost that I am, but you must never reveal the

color of your hair. 



I will lend you a _cut_ into the world at an angle, slant at ten degrees

from the vertical, the slit of exposed flesh, really nothing more than

a line. Cutters bleed from far more and from far less. )



Ah, Clara, the _lure_ presents us to ourselves. How trivial! Let's sink

into Pascal's abyss together, swallowed up by the enormity of dead wires

and outcast servers. One last parting of the lips...



                                                

