







GUEST EDITORIAL:  Enormous Stasis at the Very Last Minute





Enormous changes occur within every social order, which always returns

the unexpected; this is the only law. It was thought that the Soviet

Union would never dissipate without external intervention, on the

grounds that a certain non-equilibrium plateau had been reached; too

much power was concentrated in the hands of the few, and this power was

associated with both a highly activated militarism and an espionage

apparatus second to none in the world. Furthermore, this apparatus was

increasingly coordinated through the development of military electron-

ics; the end-result could only be the aegis of absolute power perman-

ently held by coercion in the form of the _hand_ and constraint in the

form of the _eye._



No sooner that this development got underway, then it was immediately 

mined from within, dissolved in confusion. Stalin, then Lenin, dis-

appeared, and Marx was relegated to the status of a nineteenth-century

economist unfamiliar with media and information theory, surprise. What

is amazing here is the manner in which technological progress also

creates the conditions and conditioning for repetition; the revival of

the Church, for example, now in conjunction with the loudspeaker.



Indeed, the loudspeaker is part of this transformation - the most impor-

tant and primeval of technological innovations. For it is the loudspeak-

er that preserves the imminence of the grain of the voice, in the call

for or towards traditional communality: where would nationalism be with-

out it? So the loudspeaker is the hinge or margin of progress in its

conduct with reaction, and it withdraws from and draws from any other

form of techne, computer and Internet included.



Likewise, love and sexuality remain, for all the talk of performativity

in gender, grounded in the midst of bodily negotiations which are born 

into sublimated physiologies and scripts dating back to the times of

Inanna or Kali. And further, as well, philosophy, that most cauterized

of all human endeavors (for what is capable of proof is never philosoph-

ical), continues to reactivate the same tracking-stations as one might

locate in Aristotle's Metaphysics, for example, or borrowing a bit from

Diogenes, Nietzsche hobbles along, also hobbled by Christianity as well.



This is not the return, nor is it the obdurate, which I have described

elsewhere. Instead it is the chaos of human behavior, the web eulogized

by Lingis on one hand, and encapsulated in wire and steel for the bene-

fit of cyborgian believers, on the other. Were it not for the presence 

of cyborgians, the liquidity of the body, from all its orifices, would 

overflow, but thanks to them, we recognize the existence, at long last, 

of _rust._



What is the point of this, if not to declare a certain wisdom in Clara

fucking Tiffany, Tiffany fucking the author struggling along the exact

lines of Aristophanes, Laurence Sterne, Swift, and Ecclesiastes? Just

as we speak endlessly of the multiplicity of genders, but return to 

variations on the two we know and love so dearly, so behavior bobbles

within the psyche making even Madonna familiar in one or another of her

guises - and she would give anything, that material girl, to come up 

with something New, perferably a replacement for political economy in 

general.



It's not that *IT* stays the same, nor that *IT* is the same as it ever

was, so much as *IT* was never the same or the same as *IT* ever was and

this is how *IT* floods us under various guises, even the Internet-nauts

on the Info-banned or the cyborgian treatment winding down the universe, 

without saying so, in the form of escapements into the chaotic domain, 

the regulated release of energy into successive states across a bound 

environment. The occurrences of occurrences are never predictable since

there is, literally, no _reason_ to them; mathematics far too quicky

approaches conditions of unsolvability. And this is a good thing to 

keep in mind when thinking about the future of the Internet, Virtual

Reality, or any other technological utopia/myopia - there are no lessons

to learn from a past which is no longer in existence, and which only

leaves indecipherable relics all over the place.



