



The Boat


Violently, Sondheim ran down to the pier, hidden between the dark firs
that hungered over the lapping waters of the crystalline blue lake
where just recently the murder of his best friend George had taken
place. He couldn't think any more, things were really getting to him.
Oh why did he take the laptop with so little juice left? He had no idea.
But he went down to the shore wearing clothes that seemed too little
for the season which was autumn and the laptop was in a neat case he
had bought recently, which he got on sale. He stopped and smoked a 
cigarette leaning against a tree, and then he reached the pier and 
jumped into the boat, slowly so as not to rock it because the waves
were coming up and lapping at the stern and he was worried about the
laptop.

When he was in the boat he sailed out to the middle of the lake so he
could think and he turned his laptop on and began to ponder things as
best he could. He had no idea just who had murdered his best friend who
was found lying unconscious and then dying by the side of a four-wheeled
drive vehicle parked next to the cabin where he and George and Cynthia
were staying. He wasn't sure what had caused the mysterious wound and 
the police didn't know either when they came and took the body away. He 
had gone to the police station in Ontario for questioning and came back
really tired and not knowing what to do. Cynthia greeted him with loving
arms which she had not done before because she was George's girlfriend
but now everything was different. He and Cynthia decided she would live
together and for a minute he was happy and thought he would tell George
but then remembered he couldn't and felt sad.

So he said to Cynthia that she should come down to the boat too and they
would take a ride. He brought his laptop along too. So now they were on
the boat and the lake was really beautiful and he said to her excuse me
but I must write all these things that have happened to me and this is
(now, that is), what he is writing. Both he and Cynthia have friends on
the Internet and what's really neat is that he has a thing that attaches
to the laptop so he can contact the Internet from anywhere without 
having to plug into the wall and connect other wires. His thing uses
electricity from a battery and it works really well.

So he gives the laptop to his girlfriend Cynthia so she could write 
something as well. Hi, I'm Cynthia and this is neat being out here on 
the lake without anyone around and being able to talk to anyone in the
global electronic village. We are all here together and none of you know
George but he was cool and you would have liked him. But I always liked
Alan too and he's neat and cool too and a lot of fun. Now we are going
to send this, right?, to everyone who might have ideas about what we can
do about all of this. Have you ever known anyone who was murdered? How
did you feel about it? Did they ever solve who did it? Did you ever meet
the guy who did it? That's all I have to say now.

Sondheim got the laptop back from Cynthia who had written the stuff you
just read. The wind has picked up a little and there are those thin 
clouds in front of the sun that I think means colder weather coming
sometime this afternoon, but then it always gets cold here in Ontario,
because we are in Northern Ontario on some part of Georgian Bay that 
seems like a lake or something. So we are going to connect the laptop
to the Internet now and just send this out and see if any of you have
any ideas. Hello to you from Ontario, you should be here. It's really
neat. (Cynthia and I wrote that together.)

Alan and Cynthia (hi to everyone!)


