







The Diary of Sorts which Might be of Little Interest. My 1994.





Well, here are my Internet Events, I.E., in case you don't think such

exist. And what a better way to end up at the millennium, not of the

year 2000, but of the first megabyte of the text itself, on-line and     

off-line... I find myself sinking deeper and deeper into non-existence,

the farthest corners of the virtual. Before I disappear... In any case,

the names have been changed, where necessary, to protect the guilty,   

myself. All of the events are true, most are trivial, all are at least

in part, personal. (Prepare for autobiography, a dose of narcissism, 

a useless accounting. Read this as the story of a ghost.)





My Internet Events:



0 Began on an old IBM XT and don't understand the backslash command \

for the life of me. Why did they do that!!

1 John Frost's suggestion that I join Future Culture. I had sent out

requests for an issue of Art Papers I'm editing on "Future Culture."

The names were the same. Soon after, Frost posted his compendium of

Net resources on the list. I was still struggling with Dos, beginning

to program as well. I saw my first post, on Derrida I think, as a kind

of interference. I felt I shouldn't be heard.

2 The psychiatric confessions on Future Culture coupled with someone's

suicide hoax - Michael Current's response - the complaint to the sys-

admin. When people hurt, they expressed themselves. So much for the

coldness of technology. Xanax and Prozac are all over the Net, by the

way. What happened was that someone posted a suicide hoax for April

Fool's - that he was going to kill himself - and Michael, who knew the

darker side of life himself, tried to help, contacting the university.

There's more, but that's the core of it. The hoaxer complained that

the contact was going to cost him his account, but I gather that never

happened.

3 Flirtation with Justine - no fruition - "freaking out." Our interrup-

tion of a philosophy list. Had the word cyberfucking thrown at me for

the first time. Later, when we met, it was like ashes. It wasn't any-

thing. Because it wasn't anything, I was prepared for the future. I'm

still all too hungry for love, for intimacy.

4 Chris Keep's archiving of my work. Ah, so it was worth something.

This was my first taste of anonymous access. The list was and I think

still is, POMO-L. The posts, largely from students, were largely

brilliant. I have felt the desire, ever since, to run courses them-

selves as lists, open, wildly articulate, ranging across a number of

simultaneous threads.

5 I was on this damned arts list and unceremoniously unsubbed because

the damn woman who ran the damn thing thought I was flirting with her,

no such luck. The list sucked. I still don't know what it was about.

6 I posted this religious thing to Future Culture in which all the

lists rose up in some sort of fervour and got warned in a response

about my religious mania. Every so often this happens again. I wrote

a Gertrude Stein text which was taken for real. I always include im-

proper dates to give a hint. And Stein was never on the Net.

7 Michael Current and I deciding to start Cybermind. We became close

friends, spending a lot of time on Talk (see below) and telephone.

We wanted to have a site to discuss the philosophy and psychology

etc. of cyberspace. The list changed rapidly after its inception, 

on one hand opening up, and on the other, sorrowfully, losing some of

the academics who had posted some extremely interesting papers.

8 Kent Palmer's objection to Deleuze posts by Davis and Nick Land, who

had got off the topic of the Deleuze list, just as surely as Deleuze

always got off his own topic. The posts were brilliant, ranging across

a variety of topics. Kent called himself the sheriff, bypassing Michael

who was understandably perturbed. Philosophical vibrations in cyber-

space, the agora of the present becoming the shopping mall of the future.

9 Kent Palmer's closing down the lists - Malgosia and Michael beginning

new account on World. Well, there are visions of these lists, and we

didn't share Kent's which was more authoritarian on one hand, and open

to starting hundreds of lists on the other. I think it was an autopoetic

experiment.

10 And Kent's further shakiness with other lists - temporarily closing

them down. After moderating, myself, for a while, I began to understand 

the sheer frustration all the way around. It's always a question: What

do we owe to the reader? I'd go so far as to say our very existence.

11 Formation and resolution of the Spoon Collective. I saw, and still

see, Spoon as somewhat of a political entity. My own Net politics tend

towards a syndicalism which certainly won't survive. I forward posts

dealing with political issues to Cybermind and fiction-of-philosophy

(started shortly after) as a sense of civic duty. I range the Net for

them.

12 Me and this woman had this flirt until she saw my art. Bingo bingo

bye bye. 

13 Well someone unsubs participant because of his post of a cult 

advertisement. There's a story behind this but I don't want to tell it.

It brings up all sorts of issues of power and misrepresentation. For one

thing, I get infuriated myself at advertisements coming in from the cold. 

And if someone pays for downloading, they're paying for the ads as well.

It may not be illegal, but it's unethical.

14 Another flirt but I began to feel played with and I told her about

my nightmare and she couldn't take it and was married and I wanted out.

15 Margie Peterson hack, its ins and outs, unsubbing MP several times,

contact with NISC.ja. Discussion with Michael Current about the validity

of unsubbing. We couldn't figure out if Margie was deliberately messing

things up or just had an out of control system, out of control herself.

16 Current and I posting the no slur requirement on Cybermind and we get

a lot of fallout. This was the first and only time we set a regulation,

which we felt entitled to for that matter, since we had started and were

running the list. But some of the participants felt that anything should

be tolerated. I've continued the no slur policy; I've been victimized

myself in real life (and Michael was the victim of an unbelievably 

horrendous gay-bashing in Iowa), and don't want to provide a site for it

on the Net.

17 Flirting and cyber-romancing segueing into sadsex and emptiness, I

keep trying and can't find myself anywhere comfortable in this space. 

Take the blame for everything; I'm not a nice person I decide.

18 Michael Current's death. Elegies, phonecalls incoming and outgoing,

posts, and a presence is missed as he and Buddha approached one another

while he was still alive.

19 He sends his first story and then dies. I repost the story to the

lists he was on.

20 All those posts on eating disorders, incapacitations of all sorts on

the lists; sometimes I think we're circumscribing ourselves, writing

ourselves and our illnesses, troubles, despair, out of existence. Now I

listen to alt.angst where the posters seem to resonate around the same

depression, reinforcing one another all too often. But who am I to say.

21 Well, John Kennedy's hoax death came at the wrong time, but there

wouldn't have been a right time, some of us taking these spaces _very_

seriously.

22 Hacking: My being unsubbed from Cybermind and FOP, MP's posting under

other names, Mary's resentments. Arguments on Spoon about hidden control

characters, MP's posts cancelling archived files. Suddenly the mail

COMES ALIVE, starts doing things to one and all. Paranoia momentarily

sets in. All of us try to track MP down; I find out more about hacking

than I ever thought I would. Had no idea of the damage that could be 

done.

23 My posts on alt.destroy.the.internet, tropical bionet, reposts from

Usenet to lists. I begin to realize how filled with grace we are; these

spaces will soon disappear. The Net is far more fragile an organism

than we would like to admit. But I find alt.jen-cool devoted to _girls_

who are named Jennifer and cool, and alt.fan.amy-fisher, and alt.fan.

tanya-harding.whack.whack.whack, and alt.hackers...

24 Spoon collective debate about depth vs. lateriality on lists. I favor

"close readings" of lists, creating homes, building community and dis-

cussion out of them. Others favor topic-oriented lists, or lists we call

PN- proper name ones, such as Deleuze-Guattari. The architectonics of

each are wildly different.

25 Gun and Order Lords dominating Future Culture at various times -

problems with right-wing proto-fascistic attitudes. The gun-control 

debate. Incoherencies. Doctress Neutopia's posts elsewhere save the day!

A lot of us unsub from Future Culture for a while, return when things

are calmer.

26 I had a hideous flamewar with a server here in the Big Apple. Don't

ever go against the powers that be. You don't have a chance. 'Nuff said.

27 Continuous New School server problems including bounced messages. I

started on the New School; recently, I closed down the account. As my

traffic and responsibilities increased, I couldn't work with the faulty

modem connections. I switched permanently to Panix, although there will

be other connections up and running soon.

28 Five unsubbings in a row without comment from the Derrida list. The

New School account was causing havoc at the time.

29 The Spoon lists going to closed subscription, in order to avoid im-

proper addresses creating troubles.

30 Hacking with an Australian message on the Derrida list.

31 My work available on Marius' WWW site. Thank you Marius! I may die

in real life, but if your site keeps working, someone, someday, in the

far far future, will realize what this whole (Internet) text has been

about.

32 Changes for me in family relations as a result of greater communica-

tion with my brother and sister. At least my writing has made it through

as have their enterprises. In particular, communication on a somewhat

regular basis with my brother-in-law. I close my eyes and imagine a

network of relatives; we all live at a distance from one another.

33 I'm terrified of being called to account for the frequency of my

posts; when I am, I try to deflect the criticism. I imagine everyone

posting in, not my cutting back. I imagine a communality of writers,

readers, and even a form of caring for one another that's almost com-

pletely absent in academic communities. I realize the lists all possess

auras of private postings going back and forth - people meeting on them,

taking their concerns on quieter, personal channels.

34 Why is everyone having wonderful Internet romances that immediately

blossom in real life, even leading to marriages in some cases? What am

I doing wrong? And then there are marriages falling apart as a result

of the Internet, people complaining about addictions, fears surfacing...

For myself, I try to deal with depression and self-hatred, sometimes

to no avail. I find myself angrier at times on the lists than I'd like

to be, and much too aggressive. But I also find I can write a philoso-

phical prose that _makes sense_ in this space, and that's taken 

seriously.

35 Sudden moments of personal confession via private email - of loneli-

ness, sadness, loss. Answering condolence posts and telephone calls

in relation to Michael's death. Absence of photographs of Michael.

Finally, a sad little xeroxed image comes from Malgosia. 

36 Earlier, much earlier, this had happened: I was on Talk (a Unix

application) with Michael; Panix goes down, I dial in again, end up on 

Judy Miller's account, in an Ayn Rand IRC (as Judy Miller!) talking 

about screwdrivers. I quit IRC, go to Miller's Talk, log in with 

Michael - who had fingered me, found out I didn't exist.

37 Back and forth with Marius Watz on one 486/66, Mosaic with his pic-

ture on the other. High with techno-energy at the New School computing

center, typing two keyboards simultaneously. Innocence.

38 Meeting Patrick Bjork, Judith Rodenbeck, Erik Davis, Chris Keep, and

other amazing people in real time. Unlike the lesson of the first cyber-

flirt above, not the slightest disappointment. But disappointment in

world.std.com (standard tool and die) which is about to start charging

for email lists. Panic all around.

39 Found myself addicted to the writing of the Internet Text, working

on it daily for hours, thinking about virtual subjectivity, this form

of discourse/intercourse. Constantly assembling and reassembling it,

trying to keep to a schedule of one text per day, just for the writing

of it. The more I investigate the area, the more it opens up and down.

I find myself disappointed in almost anything I read about cyberspace,

and almost no exceptions.

40 I begin teaching courses on the Net, cyberspace, the so-called

information "super"highway, at several places, publishing on these

themes as well, now assembling an anthology of writing. I feel half

real and half non-existent; were it not for the Net, I would disappear

altogether. Although I am known as a video artist, my art has increas-

ingly turned inward; the video now records the surface of the screen,

returning it to the visible. (I increase my contacts, teaching on-line,

working with ArtNet co-moderating a theory/criticism forum, preparing

for a possible magazine interview. And I get away from using my body on

one or another tape, although I miss the pleasure of it.)

41 Trying to find Allison, in Australia, with no luck whatsoever. Think-

ing that the Net reaches into every corner of the visible and invisible

world, but there are gaps, and people fall through. (Allison and I were

married. I met her in Tasmania. She came back with me. There's a room

at the Limelight club in New York that was named after her, the Allison

Wonderland room.)

42 Thinking that I have fallen through the cracks into the Net. 

43 Writing until I literally begin shaking. Writing until my body forces

me to stop. Writing until I no longer write, until I am a ghost, having

written himself into your presence of the name, and if you've read this

far.



