







Telcom Transcript: Cyberspace Living and Working Conditions





I run the wire over the wire, producing electricity for my house. The

wire runs wrapped around the wire that it runs over and the other wire

runs down into the ground where there is a pipe. The pipe attaches the

other wire to the ground. The wire that runs over the other wire turns

around it several turns because of the force of the stone which carries

the wire quickly across and down. This is the last connection which

runs the wire back into the house where it has been given the next-to-

last connection with an outlet that I found in an abandoned home further

out. Only after the wire runs over the other do I dare to try the light.

The light is always the first test because the bulb is cheap. I can tell

by the light whether the connection is good, whether it will hold in the

wind, whether we have already used too much power and the power will go

down. So far, the power has not gone down and we have television, light,

and heat from the stove, but we will burn anything. You can see the 

tires burning at night sometimes in the winter. Anyway, that is the

story of the electricity. The federals know but we vote for them.



The house is cardboard, but not bad. There are walls from siding and 

board of different sorts. We had a fire. Gestures. Near the ceiling from

the electricity but we managed. You can see the smoke marks. There are

some eight of us here. We live in these two rooms. It gets cold and damp

in the winter. Nothing helps.



There is no running water, but the trucks come in several times a day

bringing water. Who has ever heard of water trucks. We didn't until we

came here, but we could not live without them. The ground is contamina-

ted from the people, from the factories, even from some of the mining in

the hills. We would not dare to drink the water, but we have, and there

is always a disease that comes with it, some have died from it. There is

no sewage out here, and the spread of the city is such that there will

never be; how could there, in the hills? Already, erosion has set in; 

you would have to build bridges to cross the gullies. We dig into the

ground, which is part of the problem, but that is our only choice. So

that is the story of the water.



The vegetation has gone with the heating; you know that from just look-

ing around, and there is very little to say about it. Runoff makes the

roads worse as well; there are a lot of vehicles that cannot make it up

this far, and the vans stop down there at the bottom. Gestures. We use

these trucks when we have to carry building materials up here, tin and

the like. Or our backs. All of us do. There is little policing as a re-

sult of the roads, and not much to do but to walk to the bottom for a 

van to go to the factory. But there are the novellas as well and the 

jefe from here has promised soon there will be some paving, at least at

the bottom, which will help with the runoff. Over there. Gestures. The

paving has flooded those houses. That is the story of the roads around

here, and the story of the police. There is some schooling and the jefe

has promised more. We need fuel for the winter.



We do learn at the factory and the women stay longer than the men. Be-

cause the men are nervous and bicker a lot. But the men are coming in as

well. It is as if there is a great magnet. The telephones do not work

here. I remember when there used to be cacti, armadillo, some birds. You

would be crazy to be a bird now. The gangs are not bad. They are worse

down there. Sometimes the snow is a foot thick. That stops the gangs. We

need them when there is an eruption. The ash does not last long. I would

have worked but for the accident at the bridge. I was paid twelve-hun-

dred dollars. I did not drink it away but I lost it just as if I had. I

should have had a good time.



Avenue J and 6 Street intersect over there. Points. We do not have all

the numbers and alphabet. I think it had to do with politics. The jefe

has organized around here. You know we vote and we vote. Me, I voted 

with my feet. That is why I am here. I find my way around by looking. 

If you look, you can learn all sorts of things. I voted with my eyes as 

well. Anyway, I have three daughters and a son. Two others have died, 

one never had a chance, he died at four months. One daughter is already

working over there. Waves. The others will do the same I suppose. We are

not the last to live here. Oh, she works at the factory. As I say, I 

would have. She works for ****. She makes these things for computers.

They look like jewelry, and I kidded her about earrings. But she's sick

of them. That is the story of the job, which will change, I suppose, but

it seems like never. These jobs always seem the same. You work till you

die. Has there ever been anything else in the past thirty years. I think

the future will be like it is, which is how it will always be, at least

in my lifetime. I have the stars to keep me company at night. At night

you can smell the burning tires. What do they talk about over there.

Points.





