


MY MASTER


_I am Isidore Ducasse. You may know me as another. I speak with Jacques
Lacan. Jacques, I say, Jacques._

I would rip my heart out for you. I would suck my eyes dry like a
desert. Traditionally, I am a hole. Traditionally, you are the rim of 
the hole; you define the topology. The Master is hard to speak about 
because it is the Master who speaks-for, who tongues me. I am out on
_parole._ Lingam franca.

There is a silence in your death filled with larynx. The machine twists
in the throat, sketches a grid of burning letters, genetic codes. What
I am is architecture.

"_Jacques Lacan:_ Academic discourse is on the board because it occupies,
on the board, the upper left-hand space ...
_Intervention:_ Up there to the right of God, that's Lacan.
_Jacques Lacan:_ ... already designated in a previous discourse. For what
is important in what is written are the relations; that is where it gets
across or doesn't. If you begin by putting in its place what essentially
constitutes the discourse of the Master ...
_Intervention:_ What _is_ a Master? It's Lacan.
_Jacques Lacan:_ ... to wit: that he orders, that he intervenes in the 
system of knowledge. You may ask yourselves what it means when the dis-
course of knowledge, through this displacement of a quarter of a circle,
does not need to be on the board because it is in the real." (Impromptu
at Vincennes.)

Jacques Lacan: Within the quarter of a circle the not-tightens; it is my
not or lassitude of S(I), situationist international function of Symbolic
Imaginary, mimetic stranglehold on your throat, Althusser, on your 
throat, Ducasse. What speaks is always already mimetic; Maldoror mouths
the swan-song of the naturalist from the opening beyond the petit-a.

The Master burrows into me through the solar anus. It is night. I reveal:
_An object exists by virtue of its illumination._ De Quincey's Anne walks
by eternity, her face revealed by the mask of Jack the Ripper glowing
dully in the gaslight. This is the last De Quincey sees of Anne whose
cough burns in my murdered Jewish throat. Footsteps echo down and down 
the cobblestones caught sullen in the cold rain. It is 1666 and the 
plague is upon us. Ring around the rosie (the pox upon the approach of
death), Pocket full of Posie (warding off the scent of death), Ashes to
Ashes (the burning of it), We All Fall Down (Anne disappears, her 
footsteps disappearing as well into the Victorian dusk). 

Jacques Lacan: When an object exists by virtue of its illumination, the
illumination burns itself into the object, constructs it. Object is 
architecture. The construct is the _throat-object_ which never fully 
speaks the name. The name is silent in seventeenth-century London; doors
rattle shut, everyone is suspicious. It's the Jews again, the devil at
work. The Jews are burned out in the Great Fire, London up in flames.
The doors of the ghetto are locked; escape from Warsaw meant escape 
through the sewer-anus of hell. Bataille, all those guys - fucking anti-
semites. Did you remember my first volume of my published seminars: "Did
I then present Freud to you last time in the figure of Abraham, Isaac,
and Jacob? Leon Bloy, in _Le Salut par les juifs,_ embodies them in the
form of three equally old men who are there, according to one of the 
forms of Israel's vocation, indulging, around one can only imagine what
stretch of canvas, in that fundamental occupation, the secondhand dealing
called _la brocante._" (Jeffrey Mehlman, Legacies of Anti-Semitism in
France.) Did I tell you that the Master fuels race by any other name?
Look at Hegel's Philosophy of History; philosophy builds on the body,
consumes it. We should listen to Xanthippe, not Socrates, Xenophon/
Antisthenes, Plato, who spoke for her.

Object is architecture; the name burns in the throat, burns through the
teeth. The teeth which cut the name speak the name. 

"_Intervention:_ Come on! Let Lacan speak!
_Jacques Lacan:_ In the meanwhile, you are not saying a thing.
_Intervention:_ L-A-C-A-N with us!
_Jacques Lacan:_ I am with you." (Impromptu at Vincennes.)

Jacques, I say, Jacques. I would rip my heart out for you. We all have
made mistakes. I cannot imagine the Childhood of a Leader. I cannot
imagine you _here_ in this manner. I was wounded in Gettysburg fighting
for the survival of the Union. My lower jaw was shot off. My teeth close
on nothing; I am fed by tubes, cannot speak. No one will have me. I cry
silently in the sight of a woman. I am in love with this woman, Anne,
to whom I was engaged. She has emigrated to London, Jacques, and I cannot
and will not follow her. I am nothing but cannon fodder now. It is 1866
and all I can give you is my heart and my heart is sufficient. 

But words, Jacques, words still burn in my throat. And as I love, objects
lose and lose and lose their names. Soon there will be nothing left but
a wandering without a name, lines of flight which are mapless, disappear-
ing like Erendira, without a trace, only ashes. We walk on these ashes,
Jacques, you and I; the home of philosophy is built on them, without an
architect. _Dear Father, I am burning._ 

"Whenever he sees a man and a woman stroll along some lane of plane-trees
he feels his body cleave in twain from head to foot and each new part 
strain to clasp one or other of the strollers; but it is only a hallucin-
ation and reason is not slow to regain her sway. This is why he mingles
neither with men nor women: his excessive modesty, which dawned on him
because of this idea of being but a monster, prevents his bestowing his
glowing compassion upon any man." (Isidore Ducasse, Maldoror, Lautrea-
mont.)

