





MY FICTIONAL WAGER WITH DEATH WRITTEN IN A LOUSY STYLE





I write myself through the legend.



I shouldn't be speaking about this. I shouldn't be talking about this

in a forum so open, so free, filled with love; but I have a wager with

death. This is the wager that permits me to write, on the chance that

death comes early, that my texts are preserved with the intensity that

only imminence can bring. Already I find myself with unknown pains: not

only an increase in quantity, spreading across my arms and throughout

my chest, but also, a _transformation_ into new uncharted realms, end-

ing up on black and featureless shores. Uh, I long to go there; my sole

pleasure remains in these texts become intravenous, sputtering forth

almost against my will. They are macros or scripts, automated trans-

fusions, life-support for the impoverished. They continue against the 

eyelids, late-night projections, and they need not continue there. 



The wager consists in working the edge, producing something of value

which permanently leaves me, while I teeter, looking directly into an

absurd abyss that may well be of my own making. Yesterday, while teach-

ing, I felt a sheet of trembling spreading across my chest and arms, an

armor of sorts against the indescribable everyday life that interests me 

less and less. Sooner or later, I will succumb, the texts folding them-

selves inwards, above me; tent-like, uh, I will transform into the book 

itself, and no longer be among you. 



This is the legend, the legend of leaving. As if, uh, there were a place

to go, safe harbor simultaneously within and without life, the fucking

ghost. But no place is safe, anywhere, anywhen; each carries the lure

of prospective degeneration. You are dead when you know this. You are

dead when you can write it down.



Uh, this is the legend: I'm the tortured artist. This is the legend: I 

haven't long to go, long to live. This is the legend: I'm poor, sacrifi-

cing everything for my art, writing into the void. If I didn't believe 

this, I couldn't continue, I, uh, would no longer be among you.



I can't make this literature, something like the will of Chatterton,

which he wrote, refusing to die "that the most perfect Masters of Human,

uh, Nature in Bristol distinguish me by the title of the Mad Genius." 

I too refuse to die, the only linkage between the two of us, refuse, as,

uh, the writing shoves itself out between my legs, one sex, uh, one hole 

or another.



