





_gter-ma_





"The Discoverer of Concealed Books (_g-Ter-ston_) is a person embodying

in himself the poles of temporality and extra-temporality." "The human

existence which follows the rules of temporality is pervaded by the 

absolute reality of extra-temporality. The Discoverer of Concealed Books

sees this reality in a vision. Nyang-ral Nyi-ma-'od-zer (1124-1192) saw

Padmasambhava riding on a white horse whose four hooves were supported

by Spiritual Beings; Padmasambhava gave him an empowerment and the

heavens opened, the earth trembled, and the mountains shook." (The Rise 

of Esoteric Buddhism in Tibet, Eva M. Dargyay.)



"The book leans on the void." (Edmond Jabes.)



"I thus understand the obscene as that dimension of culture that allows

us to cross boundaries, exceed limits, apprehend the irrational, and

experience the dialectic between life and death." "Obscenity thus chal-

lenges the accepted limits of culture, not always with a view toward 

redefining these limits but toward revisiting their reasons for being, 

and toward underscoring their ultimate tenuousness." (Voluptuous Yearn-

ings, a Feminist Theory of the Obscene, Mary Caputi.)



Obscenity is interwoven with the maternal matrix, with splay/display, 

with transgression. Beyond that it is the absolute absence of secrecy, 

the immobilized life or _hole_ spent and exhausted within the realm of

presymbolic_appearance._ The obscene is that which is _unspeakable,_

unaccountable, the inchoate speaking of the other. The specificities of 

obscenity are culturally localized, but the obscene itself involves a 

limit of privatized secrecy. This is not the secrecy of the rite or 

shamanistic passage, but the secrecy of individual power and shame, the

pleasure of the liquidated body. In industrial culture, obscenity is

caught up in the machinic and the _role,_ which are simultaneously 

determinate and "wobbly." The obscene does away with culture, with 

thought; it caresses death, transforms the body into physical loss;

all obscenities are (willing or unwilling) masochisms.



What could be the obscene here, within computer-mediated communication, 

if not an hysteria of the self-silencing of language, impossible repro-

duction of the material world? The result is flamewars, violated texts,

psychoses, echos and bounced mail, quotations and requotations, reitera-

tions. For what _passes_ through the protocol suite is _polite,_ a 

transference from an absented sender to an absenting receiver. And what 

is polite below forms [the contours] of the body above; the text pushes 

at the limits of politeness. To push is to _hack_ on one or another 

level; obscenity is the hacking of the cultural matrix, the collapse 

of etiquette and the creation of a numbing discomfort that has no 

resolution. Pornography's irresolute lack of resolution exhausts

both the user and the image/text/imaginary themselves. Ultimately a

pornographic image is discarded (and the consumer readied for a new 

cycle of consumption) because it permits no final reading, perhaps no

reading at all - only redescription (as a form of re-entry) (as a form

of recuperation) (as a form within and throughout the absence of form)

and circumlocutions that neither describe nor analytically display its

power. 



Circumlocution: Speaking around the text; speaking against or in the 

face of death or disembodiment. The location which is the cite is no

site, no location or sight at all. Speech flames, burns; speech cuts 

through.



Disemboweled.





