





Rtty: Telcom Transcription 1994





I make thirty cents an hour. Some of the other girls here, they make 

fifty, sixty cents. I think they work hard, I think they have to make       

a lot of money. Me, I don't care, not yet. But I am afraid I will

someday [smiles]. Then what will I do? A lot of things can go wrong

here.



Like what. Like your back, your back can go out. They also get these

patches of skin on their face from the lights. At least it seems from

the lights but I hear it may not be, that's what they tell us. What do

you do here. We flash these chips together with this machine [points].

It uses light and I think heat. We wear these glasses which are hot

even with the air-conditioning. The air-conditioning is for the chips,

not for us. Ten hours a day. We get thirty minutes every three hours,

well, at ten and then at one-thirty. So we don't get tired and make

mistakes.



What do you mean flash. They join together, see these wires [looks 

through magnifier]. They go into computers or something like that, we

heard with the telephone [nods]. With the telephone. Yes, so they can

talk together, the computers. I could call the doctor when my mother is

sick from the water, on the computer. The doctor would know everything

that was happening right away. Do you own a computer. No, I have no 

need for this. I need medicine for my child. With only one, I can back

off [?] for that thirty cents.



We are very clean here. They tell us all along to be clean. If we are

not clean, the chips won't work and go down, but it is hard to be clean

with the water and the dust. The trees are gone, even the bushes. We 

need them for heat. So the dust gets into things. My watch broke from 

the dust I think. We do get days off and holidays. It is difficult with

a child. My grandmother takes care of her. I give my grandmother food

and help her with her place. 



The bamboo is very pretty. I like the way the building has the bamboo

all around it. It keeps the building cool because it is thick. It is the

largest bamboo here. No one would dare cut it. There is also pavement to

keep the mud away. [pause] You were saying about things going wrong. I 

worry mostly about my sight. My eyes are bad, they hurt so bad at the 

end of the day. I have to concentrate all the time. My mind wanders; the

work is not interesting. I have never used a computer. They are all in

english, no? The doctor comes through once a week. We can go to the 

clinic. My husband cannot find work. He has falling-sickness [?]. They

will not hire him. He drinks with my father. Thank God I have a girl 

that she will not join a gang. He does a little smuggling. I heard of a

woman who went totally blind over there [points]. The company would do

nothing for her. How could they? They are here to make money. I am

nervous all the time. I am afraid of the streets. At night they are 

dangerous. I walk home. Someday I will have a bicycle. It is easier to

bicycle in the dark. There are not many animals left here, a few snakes

maybe. The birds have gone. 



You should say there is really a health problem here and not use my 

name. You should tell them to do something about the eyes and the skin

which gets sore. We take better care of these computers [waves] than 

ourselves. There is no future in this. We learn nothing. I can hardly

read but I can flash these things. Tell them that when they make their

telephones ring their computers they are using me. Tell them I am dying

for their calls.





