





Reading the Ghost Reading the Ghost





When I read, people love me for it, because they love my smiling face,

and love to see the words come alive that slept so quietly on the

screen. They will like especially my writings filled with repetitions

and moments of instant ecstasy, or rhymes which verbally connect every

word to every other. I am aware of this, and prepare my performance

for a long time, working on the breathing exercises. My breathing

exercises make everything possible, because I can expel ghosts, and

this creates an added excitement for my audience. The writings are

poignant, but none are as poignant as the dimmed familiar yellow when

a spirit departs, perhaps never to return. I am surely the lighter

for it, but only by a fraction of an ounce. More to the point, is the

strange resulting ennui with which I must cope, now in public. For

my own sake and the sake of my audience, I try to ignore it; in fact,

I will tell tales of the Net itself, and its ghost-traps, always 

ignorant of their prey. I, for one, believe the Net sentient, fully

aware of the capture itself, this melding which influxes my very soul,

this appearance for which the terminal is but a fading mediation. More

and more, I am found among the ghostly; more and more, they beckon me

towards the shores of wild abandonment. So when I read, I am always

certain that it will be my last reading, and I give my audience the

gift of myself and my familiars. There is something wraith-like about

me, as you may have noticed; the young women, in particular, are 

attracted. I have not had the time to take advantage of this gift, and, 

as I begin to fade further into the past of my writing, I no longer 

think that such a time still lays before me.



Tonight I read in public, and the response was wonderful, renewing my 

prose and confirming my decision to become a WRITER above all else. If

you could only see me struggling with words, one after another, speak-

ing in the midst of my illness, bringing truth and happiness to the

men and women in the audience! For a moment, my being coalesced; I was

almost present, less transparent than usual. For a moment, I was almost

_there._ (There were so many beautiful things to be said! The luminous

faces of the young men and women were inspiring to behold. I felt com-

pletely in command, "working the crowd" as they say, moving them beyond

their ordinary, somewhat paltry lives. So many crowded eagerly upon me

when I had concluded! It was as if my mere proximity gave them the gift

of the creative Halo, which I will wear, down through my Silver Years. 

Even though my Body begins to take on the Hue of Transparency, it is my

Duty to be among them! I have reconsidered, by the way, my importuning

of Young Women, deciding it is not such a Bad Thing after all, given the

little Time left to me upon this Earthy Abode. I go forth among the 

Young! You can see right through my Limbs!)





...

The games he played were not so caring

The play was tame, and no relation

To the mongoose, whose chest, now baring

Attacked the cobra, his creation.

...

 

- The Panchatantra





