







FOR RENT IN THE FABRIC OF TIME





Jagged lightning cut across the enormous cosmos. Novas winked on and off,

collapsed into black holes, star systems dissolved in their wake. Could

you speak of star-debris, detritus, spanning the galaxy? No one spoke in

the cold; no one ever would.



If she could, she would have spoken of economy, of the economy of planets

and quasars, the economy of bright and dark nebulae, organic molecules

shuttling back and forth in space in cyberspace. She would have spoken of

bondings so large you could hardly span them with the aid of a wide-field

telescope, and there were no telescopes in those days. And she would have

you follow the string of dark matter, leading nowhere and everywhere at

once, impervious to gravity, its master.



She would have rented you a star, and it was hard to tell what the cur-

rency would be, hard or soft. 



She would have asked you to soften, in fact, what it was hard to tell, 

soften cyberspace, the great floppy. She would have told you that the

great floppy could get along fine without you, thanks a lot, that it 

didn't need so much thought, that thought was only getting in the way.

She would have told you about the void of cyberspace and about the great

void out there in the midst of the dark matter strings, collapsing

stars, hysterias of black holes spewing radiations, rings, rings, jets

everywhere in the dying universe. She would have gone quiet, as they

say, gone quiet, and you would hear the cosmos and your own heart beat-

ing and you might confuse them if you were lucky. She'd beg you to stop

just for an instance, stop the writing, the addiction, flames burning

nuclear nothings, quantities of thoughtless matter so huge they defy

description. The sublime is inert, dumb, exhausted; the sublime works

only through the construct of the face of death, the burial of the 

organic in an unknown or anonymous stratum. The sublime, she said, is

when the great floppy isn't the great floppy, but is a burial ground

or the lack of a memorial, it was all one and the same. And she added

that the great floppy isn't one and the same, at all, but is always

different/indifferent. She added that anything more would add nothing,

that the void was inside and outside -



That we're blown bubbles on the face of the void; penetrated by empti-

ness, our thoughts skim surfaces of surfaces, nonexistent, penetrated

themselves. We are ghosts, skimming the edge of the abyss, don't you

know, nothing more or less, ghosts who have rented the void in the

fabric of time, and our lives are inconsequential payment. She would

have comets and stars in her hair, in the guise of a poem.



Blown bubbles, rent through and through, emptied sacks temporarily 

deploying molecular flows, identifications, rejections, great hollowed

o's of language, thinned leaps like wires dissolving before unknown

destinations ...





