


From: alt.corn.husks.depression
Date: Sept. 11, 1993
To: bionet.cybermind
cc: bionet.fiction-of-philosophy


We are the corn that grows in the fields. We cannot speak. We live and
die forgotten. We have no memory. We are devoured and we are not here
to be devoured. We are not here for anything. We are a concatenation,
one after or adjacent to another. We are corn.

Because we are corn we know mind that is not ours. We are things that
carry nothing with us, nothing whatsoever. We remember what the farmer
told us but we remember what the wanderer told us and remember farther
back. We remember nothing. Brainless, we cannot think.

This is the plaint one of us thought in such thoughtless times:

There's just such a dim violence about it all, these plants regressed
already into memory - you won't know me in twenty years, dead, dead,
the decomposition of everything else, know me for those standing in
autumn fields, know me for those running through the stores carrying
the remains of a dinner ordered or disordered - There's just nothing
more to it, plants herded back and forth across the manifold of the
earth, earth heaving against the stain of the surface - these leaves
giving out or giving in, these stems grown taut with age, dim violence
of cells, violence of the silk carrying the last image of a day with
clouds, that day of clouds: October 13, 1793, that day of clear blue
blue weather, of Febrary 16, 2047, that uncertain day, day of waters
and day of wind, day of mountain streams - in each and every position
we are our own, we are someone else - We have always been aghast, the 
shadow of the imminent following - O descendent, you will not remember 
me in old age, ancestor sucked back into darkness, waving, shuddered 
against the splintering of the world - And we have to live, left with 
this violence, this communality of fear, the thud of the world out of 
control - In the year 2525, in the year 3535 - and what we are left 
with, ears shot out, husks too numb to speak - is that of watching our 
own passing - 

Saying _that is what life is, the witness of its passing_ for whatever 
remains are cleansed, stains memories of stains: The world is full of 
them! The world breathes darkly! The world stumbles to its roots! The 
world is shot from behind! I am the world! I cannot save myself! I can 
only falter! I can only wave, clarify through this dim violence, the 
violence of the thud and the shuffle, the violence of clouds scudding 
on that day of clouds: October 13, 1793, that day of clouds and blue, 
so very very blue, February 16, 3535!

We are only given so much time to grow or grieve, so little hearing!
We are only given a few upon the shattered earth, a few to know, less
to love, even less to form among us!
We clarify our own deaths, the deaths of those we love!
We clarify the death of clouds, the death of sky so blue, so pure
blue, none was centered upon this earth before!
We clarify the waters and the waves, we clarify ourselves; the horizon
looms dark, looms black! 
Anger pours from the horizon, pours from the storm itself!
Anger is an energy! Anger dies, wounded, beneath violence dim with
sodden memory, dim with bodies unable to move, to speak!
I rip out my interior! I die before your very eyes!
The end of the beginning is the beginning of the end!
There is nothing to live for! There never was! 
There is nothing to die for, except the knowledge of death!
Violent dim violence and the knowledge of death!

We are corn; speechless, we know the truth! We are sorry our style is
so primitive! We have had so little time to prepare!


