





Protocol Suites





A protocol suite consists of a hierarchy of protocols, each of which is

invisible to the rest. The communication that occurs at the fundamental

level directly transforms physical reality; it is here and only here

that issues of _classical_ space and time are directly relevant. 



The Open Data Network Architecture, as described in Realizing the Infor-

mation Future, contains four layers. The lowest level is the _bearer 

service_ in which "bits are bits." If a bit is a bit, is it a material

state? I associate bits with a _succession of material states_ at a

specified site; this is the _diachronic reading_ of the bearer service.

There is a _synchronic reading_ as well, which is a _spatial arrangement

of material states. Together they constitute a relativized configuration

presumably subject to Heisenberg's principle of complementarity.



The second level of the ODN hierarchy is the _transport_ layer, which 

includes "flow control, end-point connection establishment," and so 

forth. This level is also concerned with data formatting. The transport

mediates between the bearer service and the network or end node.



The third level is called _middleware,_ which includes "higher-level

functions that are used in common among a set of applications." Here,

issues of security, encryption, file systems, addressing, etc. are 

dealt with.



The upper level is that of _applications_ such as email, and ftp. At the

top of the hierarchy cyberspace exists with a _problematic_ relationship 

to space and time, and human subjectivity "directly" interacts with 

"content." Further, protocol extends on this level to issues of Net 

etiquette, becoming fuzzy and indeterminate.



In Bernard Aboba's The Online User's Encyclopedia, five Internet layers

are described: physical, network, Internet, transport, and application.

In Internet: Getting Started, these are described as hardware, network

interface or data link, Internet, transport, and application. Else-

where, up to seven layers have been described for various networks. In

every case, the layering stops at the application level; here time is

related to internal time consciousness, and space becomes particulate,

intensifications of activity occurring in the vicinity of one or another

node. (_Internally,_ the node is site-specific; _externally,_ the space

is fuzzy, chaotic, the node functioning as a strange attractor.)



There are two ruptures, two ontological breaks. The first is between

hardware and bits/bytes, information streams. Consider this a movement

from the physical substrate to a mathematical substrate. Existence pro-

blems are transformed; the existence of the graviton is inequivalent

ontologically to the existence of infinitesimals. Although convention-

alism plays a major role in current mathematical philosophy, I think one

or another form of Platonic idealism remains the background philosophy

of working physicists.



The second ontological break, of course, is between the application 

layer and the user. This is a movement from a semiotics (or at least a

syntactics) to a phenomenological-interpretive mode - from high-level

abstracted signifiers to their incorporation/introjection within human

subjectivity. Again, existence problems are transformed; the existence

of the word "tree" is different, inequivalent, to the existence of its

signified (i.e. the internal representation of "tree"). The issue

becomes even more difficult when emotional and other "psychological"

considerations are taken into account. If I write "I love you," how,

beyond bits and syntax, is this interpreted? What is its internal rep-

resentation (i.e. beyond the signified/naming of the "loved")?



Embodiment is abandoned, not only from hardware on and throughout the

protocol suites thereafter, but also within the subjectivity of the user

who cannot claim the _presencing_ of alterity. What occurs is a constant

_downstreaming_ of subjectivity within and without the Internet, which

I have called REWRITE - an assertion bridging ontological domains,

as if it would emerge whole at the other end, the recipient. But this

emergence, of course, is conditioned by the absence of material/psycho-

logical substrates; in other words, wouldn't the ontological condition

of an _outgoing_ message qualitatively differ from the condition of an

_incoming_ one? (The _compression_ involved in the sending is inequiv-

alent to the _decompression_ involved in the receiving; the former

always already as (its) face-at-hand, but for the latter, the face is

always in the form of a _surmise._)



A final point is simply the _absenting_ of the deeper protocol layers

in normative everyday use; only with the appearance of anomaly or break-

down do they fissure the (seamed, sutured) application layer, making

themselves visible as nothing more or less than _corruption of the 

text._ The skeleton appears only when the invisible body is cut.







