





MONSTERS





"The Old Man groped for words, the better to flee them by generating

his own monsters. For such monsters represent a desire not dead, a

desire for death. And a desire for life, the disaster that goes on and

on through error after error, and will go on doing so. For how long? 

The answer is obvious. Forever." (Julia Kristeva, The Old Man and the 

Wolves, trans. Barbara Bray)



The Old Man groped for images, for his body visible by closing his eyes

very very tight, pressing his fingers to the point of pain and abjec-

tion, deep into his sockets. The images came and went, monsters genera-

ted, each an assignment or recognition in cyberspace. Such monsters were

desires like looped messages, doomed to traverse the black hole network,

avoiding meltdown, running their course until the machines shut down.

They are out there still, coursed relics of the beginnings of cyberspace,

worn-out addresses, error accumulation rates currently unacceptable.



Such monsters, those who fill the belly full, the mouth choked with 

liquid excrement, desire neither death nor the presence of desire, but

the stuff of the space, as I have said and resaid, adding to the band-

width, ensuring a continuation of each and every error.



The program would generate its own errors, try them on for size, move on

to others, a continuation or process of _erroring._ The program would be

guilty of erroring, but there is no guilt here.



_I_ bring in the constant metaphoric of the body, the Old Man pressing

harder still, driving out the images of the girls. The space envelops, 

an enormous womb driven by irrupted energies, loggings on the margins of

the visible. The space pulses, fragments, recombines, flows, floods, 

diffuses, topologically melts in the soft ascii light. There is no glim-

mer of consciousness, but breathing and movements of breathing around or

across the space, Brihadaranyaka Upanishad, Sixth Adhyaya, Third Brah-

mana (trans. Muller):



   "'That cross deity who lies down, thinking that all things are kept 

asunder by her, I worship thee as propitious with this stream of ghee.'

Svaha!

2. He then says, Svaha to the first, Svaha to the best, pours ghee into

the fire, and throws what remains into the mantha (mortar).

   He then says, Svaha to breath, Svaha to her who is the richest, pours

ghee into the fire, and throws what remains into the mantha (mortar).

   He then says, Svaha to speech, Svaha to the support, pours ghee into 

the fire, and throws what remains into the mantha (mortar).

   He then says, Svaha to the eye, Svaha to success, pours ghee into the

fire, and throws what remains into the mantha (mortar)." 

...



Liquid ghee courses through the veins of cyberspace, collected onto 

hard-drives, soft-drives, skin-drives, wetware everywhere, never harden-

ing, always ready, promiscuous, absorbed, absorbing. It is about life,

it is about the disaster.



It is about the disaster of spent fuel spending spent fuel, about the

disaster of death which is only the retardation of life, about the 

stuttering of the Net groaned with Newtonian expansion to no avail: 



"So he took me thro' a stable & thro' a church & down into the church

vault, at the end of which was a mill: thro' the mill we went, and came

to a cave: down the winding cavern we groped our tedious way, till a

void boundless as a nether sky appear'd beneath us, & we held by the 

roots of trees and hung over this immensity; but I said: 'if you please,

we will commit ourselves to this void, and see whether providence is

here also: and if you will not, I will.'"  (Blake, Marriage of Heaven and

Hell)



"The eternal gates' terrific porter lifted the northern bar:

Thel enter'd in & saw the secrets of the land unknown.

She saw the couches of the dead, & where the fibrous roots

Of every heart on earth infixes deep its restless twists" ...

(Blake, The Book of Thel)



Forever we pour the ghee through the body of the disaster, forever we

ride and write the disaster of the body and of writing; the body fore-

closes upon the premonition of death, grapples it with serrated claws,

hugs it to the nipple invading our dreams of open mouths. Messages

whirl in inconceivable space:



"_Black holes_ may result from any of several phenomena. During recovery

from link failure temporary circular routes can arise. Once a packet

enters such a route, it circulates until either the loop is corrected or

a maximum time to live is exceeded. On the other hand, links can fail in

such a way that packets can pass in only one direction, with no other 

overt indication of trouble. Routing algorithms not designed to detect

this are prone to send traffic into oblivion." (John Spragins, Tele-

communications Protocols and Design)



"Then the desire for something to happen, the longing for surprise, 

breaks the pact and smashes the incubator ceaselessly reproducing the

ravenous ovaries and fleeting spermatozoa of your loves and hates."

(Julia Kristeva, The Old Man and the Wolves, trans. Barbara Bray)





