







Wild Economics





You want your kids see some fucking pervert on the screen??!!



Take the Net you bastards and cut it in two you cocks and tear the 

spoils! Your teeth carry the shreds of fiber optics! You've got human

flesh in your maw! The last best hope of humankind! The last vestiges

of happiness on the earth!



Okay, there's different ways to price the Net. You can charge by flat

rate, you can charge by volume, you can charge by total volume. If you

charge by flat rate, then the user knows where you are. You can fuck 

all night, you can just kiss and run, it's all the same. If you charge

by volume, then the user's fucked, has got to watch it. You cut through

the shit with one-liners, stop dead in your tracks. Every so often a 

truck rolls by, it's Ross Perot or someone who's bought up half the net

delivering himself like a call-boy with half a head lost to speed;

meanwhile, you're waiting by the side-lines, your love is dying in the

tracks, you're no longer wet between the legs, and the damn delivery

just keeps on coming. If you charge by the total volume, forget it; you

can't say anything except a whisper to your next-door neighbor; the 

community's collapsed dead upon you, everyone's screwed, you're just 

lying there wetting your pissy-pants. The big boys are now gas-boys,

inflationary spirals - you can read what they have to say, you can't

reply - they stuff their cocks down your throat.



It's all in the name of liberalism, it's all about freedom to charge

what the market will bear, arbeit macht frei in fact! Don't worry, you

can still speak beneath your breath, within your breath - whispers 

don't cost anything and you can still think what you like! Just ask

Solzhenitsyn!



Friends, these rates are coming down the highway where everyone smells

cash, where pedophiles fuck babies they don't even stop at kids, women

indiscriminately fuck any man in sight men fuck each other can you 

imagine that horror of horrors women fucking women! Friends, I cannot

tell you who is coming to break up your lovely family as the trucks

rumble through the landscape, and it is only the trucks, friends, that

bring Salvation! For each big boy has got the answer, has got the Truth,

how else would he get where he is? If you're poor, keep your mouth shut!

God made you that way! If you're rich, you've worked for God, fuck the

Virgin Mary, she had nothing to do with it! Don't forget when Christ

delivered, when Christ delivered the Sermon on the Mount, he was on Top!

Hell, he had to say something! And what he began, we're still completing!



Friends, the Net's there for the taking, like a huge tit with milk spit-

ting and spoiling all around! If you whip it out, you can take it in!

You can make enough to have all the sex you want, all the men and women

you want! You can have a new car! You can put away that laptop, walk out

from under the desk, where all you've been fucking is your SLIP connect!

All you got to do is get on board! And the way I see it is, megabucks is

megabytes, there's no two ways about it! All the sex you want!



Take the Net you bastards and cut it in two you cocks and tear the 

spoils! Your teeth carry the shreds of fiber optics! You've got human

flesh in your maw! The last best hope of humankind! The last vestiges

of happiness on the earth!





