





THE VISION OF THE NET WHICH COMES FROM PRESSING THE EYES





_There's nothing there:_



Frames, packets, segments, datagrams, traversing fiber-optic cables, 

traversing copper wires, shunted through the atmosphere from one to

another satellite, ground-station, repeaters, sub-ocean cables, micro-

wave links everywhere, internal focus of sparked energy, electric 

grid-membranes, solar,coal, oil, tidal, thermal, nuclear, wind, hydro-

power, the speed of light, close to the speed of light, far below the

speed of light. Internals and externals as well, distanced layers of

equivalences up and down the protocols, skeletal structures creaking

with teraterabyte messagings flooding to laser-incandescent heat.



Unfurled, I begin to understand the neural quantity of murmurs, whis-

pers pouring through the net, spider-links elsewhere, dim glow from

outspace of hushed communications, diffraction grated, O I see the 

face of God, Her breath upon the lens, pearls of light, pure luminance

falls from Her eyes everywhere upon the dusk solitons, slow weaving and

roiling, you can almost hear the thinking of it.



Below address helicopters sit, sift information stuttering across the

linings of the world as we have never known it, falling in their flying

the meaning of it all, linked frames, packets, segments, datagrams,

linked messages, replies, halos of links, whole orbits of them, rings 

of them.



The users lie supine, legs and arms pressed tight against their bodies,

rotating at high high speed, you can read the log from the skin bur-

nished with the presence of pasts and futures, no presences here in the

eyes whitened, closed to the orbitals, no eyebrows, lashes, as well,

the _none_ of it all.



The vision veers, tilts, askew, akimbo, ajar, from neural to viral;

luminance harbors torn membranes, dark sunspots ripped into the heart 

of it, coagulated realities of climate radiated behind firewalls behind

everything in the world. Or veers bacterial, invasions of hosts, shat-

tered packets, spews, hoar-frost memories. _There is no shape to cyber-

space,_ no Shape, no MONA LISA OVERDRIVE, what remains _unserrated,_

ungraspable. There's the _feel of the thing, of it all,_ no _thing,_ no

_it_ at all, but that's Travis' image shunted through the wires. There

are loving reconciliations as frame turns frame, datagram turns frame

turns frame turns datagram, up to the packet of the message up to the 

mind-mouth where things lie askew, akimbo, ajar. But there's nothing, 

_there's nothing there. But there's nothing there._



(The skins of the users flay with scars; slits devour slits, bodies 

sutured to one another. Rotations set the speed of the net; the body

burrowed through the screen, swallowed me alive.)



