







Now this Season of the Poverty of Storms





Friends, this is a season of poor storms, quiet waters, quiescence in

general! A look at Gray's Atlantic Seasonal Hurricane Forecast will

suffice, 5 storms named against the mean of 9.3, 13.5 named storm days

against the mean of 46.1, and one hurricane against the mean of 5.7.

Oil fills the waters, the wires are running smoothly, repeaters con-

stantly meeting their obligations as packets scurry like rabbits about

the Net. Friends, these are the latter days, when there has been no 

major hurricane of category 3 or above, compared to the mean of 2.2,

and in spite of the 16 storms corralling all of us, now but a year ago, 

into believing Armageddon was at hand. Oil on the waters, nothing is

at hand, and this is the delusion we create ourselves, as it is recor-

ded in the Bardo Thodol, for there have been no major hurricane days,

even though the mean is 4.5 overall, and all of this tallied since 1944.

Need more be said? Our discomfort sleeps all the while, as desire roams

the length and breadth of the Net, creating a sense of security, hardly

false, but hardly able to ward off the Nether Days to come. Friends, 

here is the most telling statistic of all, the measurement of Hurricane

Destruction Potential, with a mean of 68.1, and an observation of 1.7,

just 1.7, which tells you in fact that Souls are at work, as it is 

written. And what is more true than this meagre passage I produce for

your edification, that "You are now before Yama, King of the Dead." And

here we have Yama straddling the Net, as I have foretold: "But again 

you have to deal with dream images, which you yourself have made, and

which you project outside, without recognizing them as your own work.

The mirror in which Yama seems to read your past is your own memory, 

and also his judgement is your own." You fill out the Bardo-plane with

your own thinking and your own violations, your desires for murder,

for pleasure-organs swelling your body until all thought ceases, for

intercourse with every man, woman, and child, in this reality bound to

illusion and sensation. You fill out the Bardo-plane, which is the Net,

and the Net comes back to haunt you, catching the ghost which is your

own, and this is yourself cast upon the quiet waters. As I have told

you, without your presence, there is no Net, no cyberspace in which to

dwell; your writing is the space and the dwelling of it. Friends, it is 

not the hurricane or the eagle which is the harbinger of truth, but the

humming-bird and soft wind, for the telling of it is the reading of it,

and who can but seek shelter in a storm? The days, the quiet days, to

come, fear them the most, speak within them, and remember with Pogo, 

now traveller on the Bardo-plane, that we have met the enemy, and he is

us. Let us pray for the storms to come.



