







TRAVIS RIDES A SEGMENT ON THE INTERNET





The segment proceeded through the black collapse of cyberspace trailing

error codes behind it; words, cut off, broken, screamed at eighty per-

cent the speed of light. Dark segment, blossoming into annihilation rose

opened against inconceivable arches. End of message ||||||| open to all

callers, gaped ports waiting arrivals from activated bridges. Language

cauterized went nowhere, network address cached from forgotten domains

kept in imminent files. The words were not inconceivably different, 

protected from all sides in one-dimensional space, bouncing like crazy

through fibre-optic backbone canals. It was inert; if I told you Travis

rode the segment, it would be senseless - mass at that speed? The weight

and acceleration alone, tidal forces travelling back across the supine

body - nothing would survive.



The segment followed opened frozen space, careening packets, couldn't

keep up with the address class, flew out the token-ring a long time ago

like everything followed the betatron. It veered according to the timer.

No repeaters on the long planetary haul, tcp/ip dancing among the 

layers. The segment was part of grit-byte, seething in the running of it 

as to no avail. Slight vibration as the data hurtled on, insignificant 

increase in temperature. Blue gateways shunted it along, Travis thought 

class B address for the running. So the source and destination ports

announced themselves, sequence and acknowledgement numbers, HLEN segment

length running full-on mod32/0, codebits and the window, checksum and

the urgent pointer, options, padding, data segmenting, data speeding

nowhere, blind to light-lag in dense mediums, blue-white radiation 

maybe, color of the screen scrolled when the packet held tight. It was 

connectionless, unmotivated, blind gaping wound opening and closing

cyberspace protocol activation Travis. What, nothing, what. What, noth-

ing, what. Violation-fabric of Travis weight, sound lost shrieked in the 

tubes, shrouded in the tunnels. Urgent segment was frozen space, long 

lost wrung from the message _i suffer suffer the little children._ 

||||||| to everyone ||||||| to everyone clara hello. Backup on ntalk, 

annihilation once again. It chased itself. Travis stopped time, roared 

around the other way, there he was, segment splintered in reliant stream

connections. Gone was the system blue light brilliant on the terminal 

dwarfstar. Later the phosphor photon release mechanisms; Travis knew so

little towards the sputtered end, neural energies cauterized by quantum

packets themselves - or a red shift dulling the senses. The edge of the

fiber sheared hard against the edge of the fiber, luge-Travis feet-for-

ward with source TCP data hard-ridden on the bumper slated for loss.

Last thought was that no one said anything, but no one was thinking it,

what could at that speed. Rounded into something or other, some circuit 

or other. Rounded back. The next thing was the right-hand rule, cascade 

or otherwise, but Travis wasn't listening any more, Travis wasn't.



