

 



The Sickness





I have written at length about sickness, in Disorders of the Real and 

other works, because sickness is the condition of writing, never a health 

or a completion, and always a difference in the state of the body. It 

occurs to me that death is digital illness, the utter collapse of the 

body, the release from one state of the binary to another, and that life 

is nothing but a preparation for this, as others have said. Digital 

collapse is lost addressing on the Internet, is protocol mismatching, is 

the dissolution of message fragments circulating hopelessly in a loop 

closed off for whatever reason. Digital collapse is the blankness when 

digital video transmission stutters through the lines: suddenly nothing, 

not even the ability to recompose, collect one's thoughts, interpolate 

where noise entered the image, corroded it from within.



Analog video behaves differently, produces ghosts, smears, noise, all 

sorts of tearing, loss of synchronizations, but always a remnant or a 

warning, what I have termed the _curlicue,_ the index of representation 

that refuses to go away. Analog AM radio fades out, you're driving a fast 

car across a fast country; digital FM tuning suddenly blanks, the 

station's gone and you're alone on the highway, an audio window the size 

of all outdoors beckoning you into the silent death of the horizon.



The body watches the body go; the body dies through analog paring-away 

at corporeality, parts loosening, sinking. The body slowly sinks into 

itself, creases form announcing the loss of tension, the path towards 

flaccid death. From the body's eye, there is no death, only a margin 

which slowly shuts its enormous lid; you never get to see the final 

motion, and your sinking into nothingness transforms your body into an 

_it_ for others, an object in the landscape, which keeps its obdurate 

form forever in your absence.



The sickness cauterizes the language itself, the language is hungered, 

dismembered. It takes effort to pronounce one or another word; they 

appear mumbled, stumbling along the line which recoils for corrections. 

This is the state of utter exhaustion; what is spoken seeps from the 

unspeakable, nothing more. In real life, speech is always analog, always 

a presence even in the death of it; it takes the digital realm to kill, 

annihilate, absolutely, without even a monument to the movement of the 

lips. 



When I write, I think: I am speaking the last thoughts. When I write, I 

think: They are all I have to offer. When I write, I think: Someday, I 

shall stop, in the middle of a sentence



