







NOTES FROM ALL OVER





I would like a memorial to be held for me _before_ I die. I would like

people to say, what beautiful writing. I would like them to say, it 

means so much to me. I would like wonderful pictures, films, and videos, 

made about my life. I would like to see them. The best memorials appear

after someone dies. This is unfair; life, not death, should bring out 

the best in people.



I carry around a text in my head for days, a text such as this one. It

incubates; unlike the immediacy of email, the texts choke the computer, 

waiting, one by one, for their development. While working on the medi-

cal text, this one came to mind, this one appeared, almost naturally, 

since death is the barrier of life, and procrastination the barrier of 

the text.



Michael Current's posts, like mine, bring desire into the configuration

of the surface itself. This is not to say that _they desire,_ but that

the _chora_ is readily visible, that the iconicity of the text creates

a simulacrum of embodiment. The body twists, turns, caresses, and is

caressed through slow reading. This renders a text of love, a semantics

of love, its hollow. The desire curls in upon itself; the curling images

the body.



The texts live among palmtop, laptop, desktop. I move from imminence in

the midst of a tiny implement conjuring the body's curl, through laptop

(on the order of textwork, _traumwerk_) _in bed, in hand,_ to desktop 

re-articulation. I step back or aside; the writing finally begins to 

breathe for itself, the languor setting in, the aural or sensate odor 

of the body. As the writing reaches the final solution, the machinery

increases in size.



The texts are sliced by the wires, of course, courtesy of TCP/IP proto-

col. They are doubly reconstituted, formally, and through the act of

reading. Existing between the ephemera of email posting and the hardness

of stone, they invite little response, but appear hardened emissions or

demarcations in the course of a busy day. This is the nature of the 

philosophical in cyberspace, surfing through cyberspace, carried by it.

This is the writing of the future. This says goodbye to the writing of

the past.



Rage: Sometimes the Net doesn't work, signals go down in flames, kilo-

bytes are lost. What then? One rewrites and rewrites to no avail, any

sense of the self disappears, every call goes unanswered. Rage sets in,

encumbered by the normal fluidity of the Net. Suddenly, the monster

rears itself as a confluence of protocols; no longer a window, not even

a mirror, it becomes machinic, an industrial revolution of rods and

levers. The skull appears. Fury gapes through the open wound; everyone

who can't have a piece of the action wants a piece. I become desperate,

dis-membered of a communality I now war against. The Net, which is never

ever alive, always forces this, the confrontation of dismemberment with

dismemberment, and dim memory of a self that felt whole before emerging

to engage with dead and inchoate wires.



Cybersex and real-world automobile accidents: I could write a book on 

how they don't mix. At the moment something in Brooklyn is up in flames,

not down like signals. Sirens everywhere, the second night in a row. I

became sick with the stress of it, vomited. Anger is an energy (Lydon)

but only so far before the body devours itself from within, collapses

on the deck chair of the S.S. Lusitania. The more hollow I am, the more

desperate for Wire, for Scroll. I close my eyes and nothing happens; a

migraine's setting in, no place for the text-rush that should unfold the

day to the universe, the universe to the day.



Cybersex is the attempt to make the body _be,_ screen or no screen. Un-

like real sex, which tests the limits of the body, diffuses borders,

meanders through random epistemologies like a trackless freight-train,

cybersex is ontological. I attempt to _produce myself,_ to have the

flesh _mean,_ and therefore exist. Words furiously gallop across the

screen; they're unaccountable, go nowhere, aren't even buffered. They

try the ridiculous reproduction of the physical, the sound of orgasm,

the impression of a hand or tongue. Texts bend out of shape, but like

propositional logic, remain texts. Cybersex exists, more than any other

form, on the margins of the written. No matter how much I present as

REWRITE, I remain in lower ASCII.



The sirens are now everywhere, as if the building itself is surrounded.

I am in Brooklyn and something big is going down, and Brooklyn big is

big. Meanwhile the Net stutters to a halt again like a crushed butter-

fly, coccoon memory, leaves.





