





My Lovely Throat





Sarah Bernhardt would sing and her voice rose in uncanny ululations

one only dreams about. Upon this and other night of nights, in that 

black alchemy of bakelite disks and cylinders, her divinity continues 

to range the realms of cyberspace. Thus electrons condense and disperse, 

hovering in waves mindlessly extending themselves near the speed of 

light.



Sarah pushed Phaedre out and against the upper region of her throat,

and men would fall at her throat. Her body would lean and there would

be no stasis and it would lean against the wires and the sounds would

appear, her eyes glazed, the body a Phaedre body in her famous mono-

logs. There is no doubt that ingenues would walk the boards 'looking

for an angry fix' and lorgnettes would focus upon her face trading for

a kingdom.



Within the throat everything happens on the plane of the vulnerable,

these sounds of the divine Sarah, whose voice rose cone-like around the

tresses of her body, turning the needle of her head into the dwelling

of recording-grooves where I would pick up my song, produce it here

for poor dwellers in cyberspace.



Cioran talks about the disappearance of time for the insomniac, day and

night merging into one without escape from consciousness. Sarah's voice

brought ecstatic tears to my unclosing eyes coming into the brittle 

night of stars where she is silence. The sky closes like an enormous

throat upon us, her vocal labia dispersed into air, threaded like the

vaginal action of sewing the lips closed, thick black thread against

paler flesh. I become liquid transfiguration, stretched across her

neck, turned properly until the sound emerges from my trembing fingers

in this other space I would never relinquish.



She remains outside of this space. She leans over me, glances over my

shoulder. Sarah Bernhardt is in this room with me, and she leans 

farther in, reading the screen with an intensity I could never, ever

approach. I see her throat, pale and beautiful in this electric light,

and my fingers grow weak, the keys silent, her luminescent lozenge

about to proclaim the Valkyries.





