





Stone Field, Travis, The Return





Travis kept returning to the site, over and over again. Something was

driving him. At times, he lay awake until dawn, images smothered in

migraine sparks splintered across the perceptual field. At thirty-one

he felt the body shutting down. He would return to the site sometimes

in the middle of the day and return to it at night, stone mirroring

stone, the built world and the imaginary coalescing, each contributing

to the other in some crazy-horse dimension.



There was no end to the furrows, those tracings that ran from block to

block across the stone field, something encrusted in the bottom of the

v-shaped troughs. The tracings formed a discernible order, locally, a

form, Travis supposed, of Penrose tilings which never repeated in the

large. He called this the 'circumstance' of the stone field, let me

describe the stone field, grey rectangular blocks laid side by side, 

end to end, as far as the eye could see. The tracings were grooves worn

into their surface, a singular and rough surface, the tracings identi-

cal with the stone, identical with the grey of the stone. The thinned

joints of the stone were overlaid by the grooves, a double matrix or

coding, a thickening or intensification of the site. Travis walked the

site. He thought v or V. He thought V or v.  



Travis would leave the ship and he wouldn't need a helmet cause the 

air was just like the air he breathed here on earth and he would first

set the ship down with the rockets in reverse and then would get out.

This was just one of Travis' adventures but the one he returned to all

the time because he didn't know where the world began or ended and that

included his dreams as well. He thought of himself as his dreams cause

he made sure that he had seen things no one else had ever seen, even if

they were things that he had seen only in his dreams. But the stone 

field was not one of them, it was always there, not even waiting. He

would fly around and set the rocketship down and then walk out the door

which had stairs that went down to the stones. Then he would walk about

on the stones and then return to the ship.



Travis felt that the patterns gave it away, and he thought of things

like quasi-crystals or alphabets in crazy-horse dimensions. He thought

it was a secret gate for a real voyage of discovery. He would leave the

field and then return and each time try to make the voyage. Sometimes 

he wondered whether his friends were still there and whether he had a

lover or children or something. He thought that there were other things

in the world besides the rocketship which had a bed where he could 

sleep but he didn't remember much else that he had and thought that he

should find out sometime. But there it was, the field that was below

him as he kept moving the rocketship about from place to place, but not

really - it was just like the splintered patterns of his migraine, 

always in front of him. And sometimes he would think that the ship made

tracings as it rose and descended and as he walked about. He thought

that they might spell something in the crazy-horse dimensions, but the

thought was too difficult to really consider. If he had flashlights he

could wear them and then set a camera on the stones and as he went up

and down and returned he would find a pattern if the camera were always

open and it was nighttime. It would be a long time exposure of this

moving about, but most of the time it was day, and his radio ran out

of power a long time ago.



When I was fifteen, the stones reached out and grabbed Travis. They 

just grabbed him and pulled him in. They parted just perfectly the size

of his body and he disappeared.



Travis had electric powers.



