



MASS





World War I introduced mass into the twentieth century, heavy bunker

architectures, reinforced concrete, stone and earth ramparts like never

before. Enormous guns turned enormous barrels on enormous carriages; 

mortars lobbed iron masses into brick and wooden structures. World War

I creaked on the bodies of men; tanks rolled over them, Verdun. The

earth itself hardened with the destroyed memories or organism, poets

like Owen dying young in blazer-glory. Beams always jutted out of struc-

tures. The pure mechanics of Hertz, axiomatics and coordinates, returned

vengeful, proving the most neutral of logico-mathematical constructs 

were also the most damaging, an inverted surgery of landscape and the 

body itself. 



Mass groaned through the Sarajevo of broken limbs, Lebbeus-Woods-accre-

tions balanced on exteriors, sharpnal-fortifications, war-time blunders

on Olympic cities wrestled back from the empyrean. Mass held its own as

well in special relativity, building up obscenely as the speed of light

was asymptotically approached, and mass bludgeoned its way through gen-

eral relativity as well, holding space for unredeemable ransom. Atomic

warfare was the great hollowing of mass, its crystallization and col-

lapse, and one may still find new-formed obsidian on the Western proving

grounds and atolls of an earth riddled with a new archipelago of terror.



Catastrophe theory bent mass into fissuring, chaotic trajectories rum-

maging through five-dimensional manifolds; chaos theory in turn lent 

itself to another direction, that of filigree. Filigree is the tracing

of frost, excrescence and exfoliation, the eternal division of the 

species at its limits. Simultaneously ornament and membrane, filigree

is the exposition or dissolution of mass, not into the masslessness of

atomic incandescence, but the masslessness of the new pratico-inert, the

realm of human action upon the matrix of the world - fractals, the tele-

visual, cyberspace. 



Cyberspace abjures mass, stutters in the vicinity of the conflation of

atoms. It dissolves itself in itself, electron fluids traversing invisi-

ble networks, and someday there will be only fluids and no containers,

just as ball or bead lightning vortexes around its own interiority: I am

living proof of this, for I have seen it. Thus the twentieth century be-

gins its slow effusion into air itself, portending the coming millennium

of atmospherics, toxic and benign, voices so thin they hardly exist or

communicate with one another, and so intense and thick that voice is all

there is. (Mass no longer fissures but inscribes and reinscribes, taking 

voice along, and voice no longer speaks, but writes its body back.)



Is this not the return of the repressed, the appearance of mass else-

where, now organized, now carrying the indexicality of embodiment, with-

out the breaking of limbs, the sorrowing of Sarajevo? Or is this also 

the return of mass _in-itself,_ wholesale destruction of hospitals and

telecommunications equipment, worlds in sorrow, not surgery, and worlds

cut off from the source, the root? Between mass and masslessness is both

measurement and annihilation; the fact that speech or image connect the

two by quantum tunnelling is nothing less than a miracle.



