





EARTH-GOD-TIME-MARRIAGE





Parmenides: Auf der Rechten die Knaben, auf der Linken die Maedchen.

To the right boys, to the left, girls! In the womb!



Break in break in: Innumerable time-delays on ANNOUNCEMENT spaceship

Cybermind .. lags breathing hot desire like the cover of a 1940s girlie

mag two Detectives couldn't find the cost of the missing redhead naked

heavy Chevrolet wet between the legs .. waiting for the final reply

when the bod jumps through the screen MARATHON RUNNER NUMBER 2005 UP &

RUNNING sputtering of the words running always already after thought 

itself, murky, decathected: NOTHING EVER CATCHES UP NOTHING REALLY 

TRIES .. _Nearby, bodies hover in uncontrollable light_ .. Sometimes a 

message from the dead will appear, what then? Time refuses to assert 

itself ..



Pherecydes: _Zas and time always existed, and so did Chthonie_ .. Now

note this: _and Chthonie acquired the name Earth when Zas gave her the

earth as a bridal gift._ All these preparations for time past and time

future! I like the names in Kranz/Diels German: _Zas und Chronos waren

ewig und Chthonie_ just like that! .. Motivation of the thrust of light

.. always an entrance and exit .. motives .. exacerbations .. one 

expects too much ..



Every text is liminal, as if the slow motion of the hand lost something

in translation .. It's this, the sense of time that constructs the 

bright light opening up to every secret, the allure of proper timing.

what is hidden draws forth, creating the secret and its revelation ..



_A secret exists only by virtue of time._ Without a secret, there is no

revelation; the distance between the two is the deference of orgasm .. 

Pleasure is never binary, is always this holding-in .. The Net is a sim-

ulacrum of emergent thought, packets bound together at beginning and end

.. the convolutions of their nomadic travels ..



The Net, like gambling, is addictive because _one waits upon it._ ..



Parmenides: Die Entschiedung aber hierueber liegt in folgendem: IST oder

NICHT IST!, decision lies [here] in the following, IT IS or IT IS NOT!

.. What motivates cybertime diffuses from the presocratic abyss: words, 

in fact, meander. Time expands within the liminal; it is [here] that 

chaotic domains open to the exhaustion of meaning. To read is to recon-

struct the self eternal, total, impervious, to Time's Net irruption ..



Herakleitos: Annaeherung, approach/approximation. Chthonie!



