





Book of Design of Tattoo





Have I said this already, over and over again, this drab face sitting

in the corner across from you, playing memories over and over again,

playing these memories from the beginning of life, nonsensical, pre-

posterous? Have the needles pierced the flesh, dark ink drawn into the

abyss of skin just beneath the surface?



You wouldn't notice me if you passed me on the street. I'm a common

man, I don't stand out in any way. I wear glasses, but so what? And

my hair is a brown with some slight streaks of grey. I walk slightly

stooped - all those years of reading and thinking to myself. Of course,

in company, I'm something else, either totally intimidated or loud and

raucous; my humor, such as it is, borders on the Rabelaisian. To see 

me, in fact, is to miss me.



And I think I've said this before, that you already know this of me,

that you're turning away, that this has passed and passed again. The 

needle forms an insignia of obscene coupling, my flesh sewn back into

itself, the harbor of its birth.



There have been kind exceptions, stories, and now I carry only their 

reflections within me, although at the drop of a hat I can tell them 

over and over again. (Just ask me!)  And I can tell them as well here 

as I can with you sitting across from me, wondering how the image 

simply doesn't match the text. And how I can't tell this from that.

And how I know that "this" isn't working.



I am pathetic with the stories; they remain flashes of tattoos faded

from the body which you have read over and over again. And I assure 

you that this is not a function of age, for I have been written upon

from the moment of my birth, carrying with me the signs identical with

those removed with the skin upon the hour of my death.



I had been awkwardly talking about the matching of the image and the

text, as if they ever matched, although I remember those portraits of 

Kristeva, for example, or some of the french 'new philosophers' (Andre

Green and others) once upon a time... But in my case the disparity is

enormous - because I have no image at all, in fact, nothing to hang

a text upon. I always disappoint in this fashion, and my listener or

date ends up looking past me, as if I became slightly translucent for

the telling of it.



The tattoos remain impregnated upon the birth of the abyss which sus-

tains nothing, recursion back to a non-existent point.



Now I am certain I have said this, even the continuation; you would 

have stopped reading by now, shrugging your shoulders. 



In public or at a party, my awkwardness is extreme; I wander around, 

look at the books in the darkest or most isolated corner of the room,

sometimes play guitar, nervously, to myself. It doesn't matter now, 

but there are records and cds with my name upon them, and it doesn't

matter now, but there are stories which I have, I am sure, already

told you, over and over again. There were the mathematics and there

were the dances and there were the monoprints and the photographs and

installations. There were the flayed skin tattoo pictures and then 

the tattoo pictures and the skin that of another woman that of another

man. And there were murmurs of death which formed words in the guise

of the body, never otherwise, never always already. Never... Nevers...

[2]



For what is never evident, through all my noisiness and neuroticism, is 

that it is only my writing that keeps me alive; without it, without the

remaking of the world beneath my fingertips, and the world thrown or

projected far beyond the terminal screen itself, my emptiness opens up

and encompasses everything in sight; I die for the weeping of it.[1] In

fact, I can not say that I have had a happy life; at best, there have

been moments, and at worst, dull and painful passages, filled with 

tears at a moment's notice. I return again and again to the texts for

solace, this ordinary man, carrying hopelessness and an uncanny edge

you might see for the dark of it. These texts are no longer written; at

this point, in fact, they themselves write me, and I am all they have.

Never before has one been written into existence in such a manner, full

of anguish for the loss of ontic reality at the slightest gap in the

writing, the slightest erasure. And if the text says that there is 

nothing left of me, it is the text that continues, and I hold myself

within it, slightly embodied, somewhere within the play of its depth,

not surface. I would call this the Book of Design of Tattoo.





[1] But you know all this! I've said it all before!

[2] a Marguerite Duras: "Once more they were silent. Then the girl went

on: 'I still can't understand. Forgive me for going back to the subject,

but I still can't understand how you came to be as you are, nor even how

you came to do the work you do.'" (The Square)





