<Net12.Txt Beginning>







In the Forest





When the child moves through the forest at the edge of the clearing,

she plays with other children, and they play with small toys 

fashioned from the cane. Sometimes they capture a lizard and hunt

it down with tiny spears, but this is a part of the cruelty of

children, who see the mobility, not the sensitivity, of other flesh.



The children touch each other in their secret places, and they hide

in the denser brush when the rains come lightly in the afternoon. 

They have new names for each other, and are quiet when an adult walks

by. The adults barely remember the way of the children, for they are

adults and have passed through the _noran_ and have emerged, the same

but different, and have new names and new ways to look upon the world.



The children have barely heard of the _noran_ which is the ceiling of

their world, but they look at each other, touch each other, wrestle 

in the mud and dust, play tag and hunting, play baby. They know the

names of the plants and some of the animals and of the meats they eat

and sometimes they are offered a taste of _cona,_ which makes them

silly, and they are attracted to it and they do not like it so much.



The children and the adults live in the same place and they know each

other and some of their nakedness. The adults imitate the children,

smiling. When the child moves through the brush, he touches her, and

the earth touches them both, their bodies always holding together and

holding one another.



Later, in another life, it seems that the child dreams on her own, her

books, magazines, music, film, television, and computer each beckoning

her to touch another world. The adult plays with a dog or a cat which

is full and partnered for the child, flesh inviolate, and the child

holds her legs closed because a story might come out.



He plays with his computer and he sees the word norway and he knows 

that he cannot touch this word. His fingers dance on the keys as if they

were hunting small animals with a bow or spear and he begins to read

himself into being his name. He will tell the screen his name and he

will read things with his name in the midst of them. 



She will read things, dreaming of breathing in and breathing out, and 

she will write things to make their dreams come true. She will come 

through his dreams and he will come through hers. They will pass

through each other, and pass through themselves. And everything they

learn will be true, and everything they learn will testify.



Later, even when adults, they will be very quiet when the grownups 

play their games.





