





WHY THE INTERNET IS SO POPULAR





In your ordinary life, you're thrown together in your ordinary life.

How many people do you expect to meet? Fifty? Two hundred? What are your

chances, you fall by accident into the arms of the one you come to love,

marry, settle down, do the expected and sometimes exceptional. In your

ordinary life, everything is happenstance and when you and your lover

come together, it is by way of ordinary happenstance, but always this

element at work, which is most probably not at the heart of you. It is

not at this heart, because your heart knows no bounds, and grows to fill

the space around you, and you come into dreams and desires you may tell

no one, no one at all. 



Then you discover cyberspace, and you are no longer in that ordinary

life, but you are in a life where you will meet people who think that 

what you have to say and how you say it are of interest, and want to 

know you, not because by happenstance they are in your life, but because

from the beginning, they want to be within it, and that is something new

and different, to be wanted for your thinking and your talking through

this act of writing. This is something new, and the source of even more

uneasy dreams. And soon your desires that you tell no one, these too are

manifest, desires for all sorts of things, and some of them involve your

body, which you may speak of freely to another for the first time. This

thinking and writing about the body are something new, and you feel on

on edge, intense, nervous, but free in a way you have never felt before.



It is only a matter of time before the computer is placed to one side,

and you seek these experiences transforming your life into something 

you in fact would not have dreamed of, something extraordinary. And 

with this seeking, your ordinary life becomes stressful, and your lover

may no longer be your lover, as you glance through him or her, glance

to the other side, where you want these experiences, the other side of

you. For you have been wanted and have wanted in turn, and all of this

coming from the deeper parts of you that you have told no one about, not

ever, not until now, not until your writing. And you begin to think 

about speaking this writing as well, speaking your desires, inhabiting

them, and that is why you want to place the computer to one side, to 

see what will happen, which can only be better than your ordinary life,

which is a life of chance and happenstance, those friends and lovers who

fall your way, who you have never sought out, or who do not know you as

much as the one or ones you have never seen, invisible in cyberspace, 

but there and caring for you because they want to be.



So you begin to think, that in this day and age, perhaps it is the Net

that is real, and real life that is only ordinary, filled with chance

and masquerade. And you want this real from the Net with you, you want

it in your home and your bed, you want it in the midst of you. (You do

not think that this may be evil, that something may be corrosive within

your life, something troubling it far too much. And you do not think 

that an exchange may be nothing but an exchange, because the deepest 

part of you is wanted, and that is the most important thing, now and 

again, in your world.)



And you know, even now, that there is no answer to this, the forms are

not yet in place, that you will prepare for disruptions, that something 

irrevocable has happened, that you have achieved this fullness you have

never had before. And you fall asleep thinking of this other that is

you, and that is why you love the Internet, because it is this you, and

you are there, within and without it. And you live your waking hours now

in the state of dreams; you find yourself aroused, wet between your 

legs, holding imaginary conversations, lying with your arms around some-

one whom you have known all your life, or lying alone, alone. For the 

first time in human history and your own, you realize, you are wanted 

from within. (The Net has this power, power over all of us. The Net is

powerless.)



