





Our Cybermind





Papers published earlier on cybermind now appear elsewhere in cyber-

space itself; the archives to date keep records of the several mega-

bytes of material that have already passed by. URL information in 

the addresses of posters lead to other menus, by and large home 

pages in which images appear briefly on the screen. Threads conjure

up the potential for a coherent discussion often interrupted by the

presence of others. List postings splinter, divide, and regroup as

other connectivities are generated; the smallest unit is the private

post from one to another correspondent. Usenet groups are regularly

raided for information to repost, and on occasion cybermind announce-

ments are sent out to Usenet groups, an entirely different selection.

Data from the World Wide Web rolls in, is broken apart, then shifts

through cybermind for redistribution. Other distant email lists such

as Net-Happenings provide sources of information; other sputterings

connect these lists to the cybermind mothership. Local email lists 

such as those on the Spoon collective splinter off themselves, feeding 

information to cybermind which is recollected and redistributed else-

where. Telephone calls and postal mail supplement the aura of cyber-

mind, producing other forms of contact which pass in and out of the

matrix. Administration of cybermind and other Spoon collective lists

occurs in this case through telnetting into world.std.com and at times

messages are redirected from world.std.com back into cybermind itself.

Private email posts arrive from outside the domains of the lists in

their entirety and are reposted in full or in part; replies are given

by means of private posts as well, one or another cybermind subscriber

acting as temporary conduit. Downloading from ftp creates files which

are then reposted on cybermind and now studiously archived in Norway by

Marius Watz who also keeps the Internet Text that is exhibited in the

form of packets on cybermind and fiction-of-philosophy. Archives are

also kept here in the form of texts with stripped addresses, which are

re-examined now and then for further input into the current cybermind.

Bounced cybermind messages end up at times at spoon@world.std.com

where they are redistributed after examination. Bounced or misspelled

or user-unknown addresses are often held temporarily at world.std.com

before deletion, but badly formatted addresses are immediately erased

in order to preserve the functioning of the list. Posts from every 

member of cybermind who posts are redistributed to every member of 

cybermind; the same is true for fiction-of-philosophy. Fiction-of-

philosophy is the sister-list or brother-list of cybermind, and there

is considerable cross-posting between them and on occasion with the

cousin list of Future Culture. Fiction-of-philosophy and cybermind are

moderated by the same moderator, but it is an open moderation, only a

closed subscription format, in order to check subscriptions requests as

they arrive. Someone on occasion will gopher to a specific site and

report on the site to cybermind. Cybermind and the other lists on the

Spoon collective are listed at a number of sites themselves, for pur-

poses of supplying pertinent information to potential subscribers. The

information sheets on world.std.com are also periodically checked and

sometimes updated, and the moderator of cybermind sends specific in-

formation to any number of correspondents who request it. The moderator

also sometimes subscribes or unsubscribes individuals who request such

activity, which is done directly with a password from his (or her) own

account, without the necessity of telnetting into world.std.com. Some-

times, in search through cyberspace, one will come across the name of

someone who has left cybermind a long time ago, and the glimmer of 

recognition will bring forth a happy smile. Sometimes one will locate

the email address of the long-missed person, and contact him or her and

there will be many happy memories. In the midst of the passing of in-

formation, in the midst of the wires and fibre-optic cables and packets

travelling close to the speed of light, there will be many happy mem-

ories. Sometimes images are sent near the speed of light from one end

of the Net to the other, and sometimes they end up on cybermind, where

they pass through quickly, downloaded and embarked through translation 

software, producing beautiful pictures. 



