





On My Future





I want to think about my future and someday I will have children. But

when I look at photographs that my grandparents have I don't recognize

anyone and I don't expect other people coming after me to recognize me

and they will spit on my grave. But people will not walk around so much

because they can look into their computer at home and that will give

them all they will ever need and they will die I am sure very young and

dreaming in their head. I will not be one of them.



Later the machines will be smaller but they will not be that small be-

cause people will have fingers and also will speak to them.



I will not say to you that there will come a time when there will be no

people but just machines but Claire says so and says the machines will

rule everything but there will be no need to bring things and stuff to

the machines so it will be just as if the machines weren't there. They

would let us alone and we probably wouldn't see them.



But I think that even those machines will rust away like cars and then

even the rust will go and a few people will be out shooting around the

stars, but then not so many as people think now, because how much room

can there be. And I think that after a while the air will change and

people will get sicker. And then there will be atoms and things that 

crawl through you and fix you up, but what purpose, say I, without that

which God has given you, which is the beautiful world around you. But

then there will be new animals and always something to look at.



But I wonder even after the animals and the dust and the atoms, what 

will the future bring? And I think that it will bring a vast landscape

filled with skittering rocks beneath harsh winds and solar flares and

yes, there will still be life and mindfulness, freed from the violent

prison of the hard hard world throughout most of its becoming, now, now

elsewhere, chanting elsewhere, nor hidden in the grievous pores of sand

nor captured against the darkling shadows of nocturnal bliss canopying

the unfettered orb of once the planet earth



No, aye but for the thing of it, whisper of lads and lasses, the green

green of it all, the green that once had been

							disputations

dark foraging                           

	the shunt of mind hovered

		broken from the red moor ravaged

	against the dream of a sun

memory of yellow        

				   aeons, the tossed mast, laughter

	the which

			grain turned against its shadowing

					   covert, lesser degree

				before the splintered thought

	 thin-shaft

			in this forgotten language





