





LOSERS (in and out of cyberspace)





I

"Beautiful Losers" with the --ooo-- in the midst ofthe words themselves,

beautiful loss of the symbolic, words leaking out in all directions, 

even confined to cyberspace, even shouted into the cold air. --ooo-- as

the lungs deflate, as our grievous so whimpering becoming exhales, de-

flates: What happened to all those assignments, essentialisms, tags,

natural kinds, double or triple encodings, distributive/Aristotelian

logics? Names change at the rate of 450 newly-born added to the English

every year.

II

Are we losers _here_? 

Do our partners "understand" us?

De we have partners, or live in isolation?

Are we satisfied with the richness of life in the every-day world?

Do we live in poverty, suffering continuous daily anxiety?

Is cyberspace the site of our "real" selves?

Do we speak words here we would dare not speak in every-day life?

Do we sleep well at night, sleep at night, sleep at all?

III

Losers dissemble the socius, are uneasy in the trappings of sexuality

and power. Losers reify the symbolic, as through a window; the symbol

itself is always _other,_ always motivated. ---ooo--- the losers go,

making beautiful lovers, ---ooo--- the losers go.

IV

Losers possess a dissipative teleology, "nothing ever adds up." They

carry their bodies with them, forgotten bodies. They're always on the

edge of the reprieve. It's as if someone created the supplement _just

for them._

V

And they can't speak. They can write; when their words appear on screen,

everything else disappears. They fill the rectangle, slip it into cyber-

space, silently, with an air of resignation. They dismiss themselves.

VI

I dismiss myself because my body is dismissible. I am one who passes

anonymously from street to street, city to city; nomadic, I create a

smudge or shadow across the real, the stain always already of someone

else. In cyberspace, the words become a diploma, heraldic form; they 

travel everywhere while I attempt sleep. The words move me from city

to city.

VII

But I can speak, but my speech dissembles. When the text slips away, a

great ship has lost its mooring; the dissolution of the ship is followed

by shape-riders, ghosts and filigrees. I think this is what I wanted to

say. No, this is not what I wanted to say.

VIII

The two of us are beautiful losers. ---ooo--- the losers go.





