[2]



The net is always already a performance; it is performance that creates

the space of the text, that creates the cyberspace channel. Performance

becomes equivalent to _existence._ If I refuse to perform, I remain ab-

sent, invisible, both to others and myself. I am no longer an _event_ 

in language; communication ceases, and the feedback loop resonant and 

productive of the self as well. Beyond the performance is the doubled 

molecular machinery of organic and electronic bodies; these are _bodies 

povera._ It is not only gender that is at stake - in fact all this talk 

about gender is talk about capital, gender capital, is it not? Because 

gender is the switch fed by desire, even in androgyny, transsexuality, 

the switch. Or if not a switch, a set, <a,b,c,d,..> or if not a set, an 

accumulation of fuzzy sets. But always those circumscriptions bought 

and sold, theatrical productions, the speaking which is always a dis-

placement or hysteria, just as hysteria on the Net is _in absentia in 

hysteria_ which is the source of the performance in the first place. 



What is produced is an apparent indexicality of a constructed embodi-

ment, the superstructure as floating signifier. Sartre would have con-

sidered this inauthentic to the limit or horizon of the construct. The 

pretence is that this is otherwise, that we're beings of infinite gender 

capital or gender surplus, that this is a matter of choice, surgery, 

performance, articulation, speaking, deconstruction, role, artifice, 

play, gaming, the disposition of the body by the body. The reality is 

the relation of these domains to political economy on the one hand 

(slip/slide) and to biology/biochemistroy (stutter) on the other. If you 

change your body, change back again, stick a cock on your head like a 

useless horn, a cunt on your arm like a useless mortar, you're stuck 

with it. You can work it so you plug into yourself. You can close your 

eyes, turn off the terminal, fill yourself with yourself: you're stuck 

with it. The excess is the infiltration of language even under these 

conditions, the _you_ stuck with the self, _self_ stuck with the you. 

Beyond this there is only the imaginary.



And it is in the imaginary that you insist on talking and talking and

talking, stuffing the words into your cunt or emitting the words from

your cunt. You talk and talk, fragmenting gendered language into

gendered language, a capital machine or detournement of capital, it's

all the same. What is occurring through all of this, in the desert

beyond the name-of-the-father, is _fissure,_ and it is fissure that

problematizes your whole enterprise, splitting it among itself, pro-

ducing the same and the same. This is what you don't understand be-

cause you keep talking about gender, about the gender-switch. You keep

talking so much the same seems to disappear through inscription, but 

it doesn't disappear, it's just that same that does the inscribing.





