





FOR JUAN-PABLO





The moment of the world when the flesh drowns within me, penis

floating to the top of the throat, descending into a maw of the

making of the other, or the moment of the world when the sheer

flame thins down to the molecular, cuts through a barrage of 

steam and micro-ecologies, or the moment of the world when I 

crawl through the earth and air of myself: These moments gave

Aristotle pause.



The symbolic is always already ideological, language sputtering

towards a syntactic strategy, even in denial. If I belong to 

myself, it is also true that I belong to no one. If to sing is

to live, I shall ever die. My mouth engulfs the world, my eyes

open to its lips. She remained while her presence slipped away.

He was gone before he knew it. Upright, the body slopes towards

the ground in the form of miniature capsules. The penis is a 

breast, not an arrow. One cannot remain true to truth which is

hardly more than lubrication. A shaved body slips down the 

throat; existence resides in hair, and hair alone. The throat

is the seat of the broken soul; the pineal gland, the soul of

the Internet. Cutting myself off from myself, inscription is

equivalent to windshear. A double hollow, my mouth fills with

your cunt. My mouth is my baby. Clara Hielo said to me that 

every name was one to her. She would hold me open and shake me,

something falling or dropping. She would come around for me

after school.



Clara Hielo would come around for me after school; the heat was

unbearable, and her sun umbrella served us well. The Mexican

desert was violent, we'd walk with our eyes half-closed, side-

stepping the agave that seemed to grow everywhere at the edge 

of the plain. I remember asking Juan-Pablo about his name, if

Clara said it was one, why were there two, and he would go on

about some old painters, how his mother had seen the pictures 

in a book she carried to her grave. He seemed to be thinking of

the foothills, that dry arroyo near the base, some said there

was pottery there, strange designs. I knew he used them for an

old purpose, Clara Hielo said, something very old. Her skin was

dark from birth, from the sun, from an animal, from a friend. 

She taught me sun-dark, animal coatimundi, picked up the shards

where Juan-Pablo left off, by the side of the path, where the

hole was, where he would never go. I heard the hole was lined

with dry flesh, that you could hear things. Clara Hielo said

she had spent a night there, near the cardon cacti that began

just at the point, descending almost imperceptibly into a sea or

body of water I heard was well beyond the hills. You would never

know from the heat, so dry that a day's baking drew the moisture

from the opuntia leaves ready for a meal. She had spent it with

the animal which she couldn't describe, but its eyes glowed and

behold, its nails glowed as well, paws swooping in half-circles

in the darkness, moon-rings, orbits, planets shuddering with its

silent steps. It would hunch over and she would have far-sight,

hunch over more, and she would see to the bottom of things; it

would lie, glaring, and the world would become invisible and

she would see nothing at all. For the night it remained with her

and for the night she saw through a world she said was like

glass or even more like a hot wind that had no shape or form be-

cause she could see through it, see through all things. This

was the moment, she said, when the world drowned the flesh. She

said other things, I don't remember, but I continue to try and

farm my land filled with stones, here at the edge of the plain,

which extends forever. You can still see her footprints over

there, where the agave is harvested.



