





You You

..

Touch seals the lips, surrounds the skin. _The other_ is the presence

of touch, infantile massage sleeping or dreaming the newly-born; you

move your hands between me, punctuate the rhythm of everything heard

within the world or lost, of touch. I could not laugh uncontrollably

without your fingers across my back, knees, inside the pockets of the

arms. A body is never its own, always an other which is the presence

of touch.

...

Lips bring the muscles to a close, rest the body spread open or field

of desire. Ejaculate, wet, we would mark each other, skin spread in

ripples across vision, hearing, long jaws gaping into the distance,

nowhere without the other produced or construct, building materials

pleading for an entity.

....

No wonder the Net embodies hysteria, disembodiment effacing the other.

Touch seals the lips, slips between the legs into the mouth, the doing

of it. Massaged babies are "more active, alert, and responsive, more

aware of their surroundings, better able to tolerate noise, and they

orient themselves faster and are emotionally more in control." (Diane

Ackerman.) You leave me _speechless,_ give me the gift of silence; arms

and legs tied apart, you give me to the inert thinking of the world,

your breasts my milk, your cunt the birth of that other emerging through

a cycle I could never fully fathom.

.....

In touch, the body is mediated, one with the release and control of the

world; in touch, labia close against definition; you emerge you in full-

ness against my body's cartography. Language dissolves in the pages of a

book seen lying open, splayed, on a table next to the bed. I trace your

body against your body, a closure of topology and circuitry, chemical

release one could never do alone. This is the _laminar_ state. And in

cyberspace, you never come behind me by surprise, caught off-balance and

never afraid.

.....

She dances with Ferdinand, she told me, perfection. They live together,

she can lean back almost to the floor, oblivious of audience and dance

alike. I don't know what happened she said but I moved in a trance this

evening, remembering nothing. I am never afraid with him; we know each

other that well. Living, bodies slide across one another; breathless,

they caress the floor.

....

Desiring the real, I write and write on the Internet. Gaps open up; I

fill then with words, pleading, trying the presence of letters them-

selves, x's holding sway, begging for touch. The chasm is filled with

writings and poems, performatives, expletives, sexualities lean with

emptiness. My arms surround my arms. Air crashes. What is air that it

crashes so. There is no other.

...

_On the Net, there is no silence but for the speaking of it._ Hysteria

falls towards you, surrounds you; pretend my words, my tongue, fingers,

your cunt touched with open eyes. Opening, there is text blank but for

its speaking. Opening myself farther, there is only _web inversion,_ the

catastrophe of hysteria, dissolution of the mirror stage. This train

stops at only one station; this train never stops.

..

Your entrance is my silent presence.





