



Waiting, Please Come


Waiting for no one or no thing, waiting for a cut. Death strikes the
ill. Produce no thing in its stead. Await love. Annihilation in the
form of a bridge of hard grey cloud. Iron rusts and waits. There will
be a voice on the net and it will be Michael Current; there will be a
post on the net and it will be my lover. My lover will love me forever
and will love me more than I have ever been loved before. I will love
my lover more than I have dreamed possible. We will be perfect partners
and will continue deep into the domain of age and forgetfulness. We
will talk about kindness and little deaths. Michael will say, Alan, 
it's about time. Alan will say, Michael, hello, Michael, how are you,
and Alan will introduce his lover to Michael who will say, hello, you
are both blessed.

Outside the plasma screams. Outside there are inconceivable shadows of
things that once were. Outside mouths form in the fog, teeth hiss 
words of dissolution. Outside, an iron bridge crosses a black river.

There will come a day when this will pass, writing and speaking gone to
waste, and it will be a day too soon. Near the coming of the day, my 
lover and I will speak to one another about all the things we would like
to say and would have liked to have said. The Unix shell will be empty,
sounding like the ocean or a modem reconnect. The modem sputters into 
the air, try again, the modem sputters into the air. 

We will divide the screen among us. We will separate ourselves on the
dotted line, drawn in sand at best, for a talk among us. We will sit by
the side of the ocean, speaking and talking, on this day which will come
too soon, on this day of clouds gathering there, near the horizon, 
there, even nearer, or was it an illusion. We will speak, and Michael 
and Clara will come and speak with us, on this abandoned beach. We will
come, and they will gather around us, parents and grandparents and
ancestors like daguerrotypes, the men stiff with long beards, the women
with hair braided back, holding forth for the camera on the side of the
beach. 

We will write the screen among us in the sand, and this is the screen
we will write,

	   