





Resurrection of my Works in Cyberspace





1. I can smell death. I live alone. Death covers the walls with tiny

jointed fingers, encrustation whose slow descent is now more than a

warning.

2. I have known this for a long time. Twinges in the left frontal

area of the brain, garbled signals coming over the wires. I write for

_proliferation._

3. Every twenty words or so I construct the unique. Dependent upon

late twentieth-century english, the universe has seen no other. The

words barely escape their freezing in the mouth of a corpse.

4. Download and duplicate, each word increasing its population in the

order of its population - each word a mirror image of the same. Like 

a chain letter, offer the gift of poison.

5. The _second user_ has never met me, never heard my words coming

over the wire. The _second user_ exists in a symmetrical relation to

my own horizon; she and I have only this thin thread, writing and 

text, in common.

6. My asymptotic descent parallels the rise of the second user, carry-

ing her disk wherever she goes, culture which expands, blooms within

her consciousness. My asymptotic descent attains his omega point as

well; it is only there that the _truth of the text_ becomes manifest

against the cultural debris of late capitalism, no longer even remem-

bered on the horizon.

7. The mouth of the would-be corpse speaks for a while longer. It 

attempts the possible, writing its way out of existence and style in

order to occupy the site of the future. This is the future which will

occur, not that of the would-have-been. The effect of my writing is

the future itself.

8. Nor will I have the time or occasion to repeat the gift and exchange

of disks which are the very backbone of this work, a guarantee of sur-

vival, something achieved through enormous labor. I am not writing the

late romantic, but that of the virtual subject itself, eyes half-closed

in concentration, the thin line of the landscape disappearing forever

in the distance.







