





INTRODUCTION TO INTERNET TEXT AS A WHOLE





Years ago, I gave a lecture at the Ontario College of Art, in which 

interaction with a computer was described as the production of a program

space. The space was characterized by absolute control; the computer

responds on a one-to-one basis to input. If the user enters a command,

either the command is carried out, or various errors occur. Computer

games carry this one step farther - the game responds deliberately to 

what I _do,_ creating the sense of a dominated environment.



Today, the situation is completely different, particularly given the

various communicative modalities of the Internet - email, email lists,

usenet groups, IRC (Internet Relay Chat), and so forth. Within the next

several years, there will be at least seventy-five million users 

on-line, and as the Net grows, it becomes leaky, ungainly, and noisy.

More than ever, the user's personality (on- and off-line) plays a major

role in his or her interaction. On the one hand, the machine interface

still determines to a great extent the nature of this interaction; on

the other, there is a tendency to (want to) "see past" the machinery, 

into the heart of the Other.



Internet Text is an extended analysis of the environment of Internet

communication, an extended meditation on the psychology and philosophy

of Net exchange. As such, it is concerned primarily with virtual or

electronic subjectivity - the simultaneous presence and absence of the

user, the sorts of libidinal projections that result, the nature of

flamewars, and the ontological or epistemological issues that underlie

these processes.



Internet Text begins with a brief, almost corrosive, account of the

subject - an account based on the concepts of Address, Protocol, and

Recognition. This section "reduces" virtual subjectivity to packets of

information, Internet sputterings, and an ontology of the self based on

Otherness - _your_ recognition of me is responsible for my Net-presence.

The reduction then begins to break down through a series of further texts 

detailing the nature of this presence, a nature which is both sexualized/ 

gendered, and absenting, the result of an _imaginary site._ 



Almost all of Internet Text is in the form of "short-waves, long-waves."

The former are the individual texts themselves, written in a variety of

styles, and referencing a number of writers ranging from Jabes and

Blanchot to Acker and Bataille, with Sartre, Kristeva, and Karl Kraus 

somewhere in the middle. These texts are completely interrelated; on

occasion "characters" appear - these are _actants,_ conveying certain

psychological or philosophical ideas beyond or within traditional exposi-

tory prose.



The long-waves are content-sites, such as issues of death, love, virtual

embodiment, the "granularity of the real," physical reality, and so 

forth, which interpenetrate the short-waves, connecting them. During the

writing of Internet Text, Michael Current (now deceased) and I began an

Internet conference, Cybermind - and the moderating of Cybermind has led

to serious considerations of hackers, the nature of "free" net communica-

tion, flaming, and so forth. Eventually, it has become clear that every-

thing revolves around issues of the virtual subject, who is only virtual

_on_ the Net, but who has a very real body _elsewhere._ So Internet Text

has evolved more and more in a meditation on this subject - a subject

which will perhaps be one of the dominant modes of _being_ within the

next millennium. 



Finally, it should be noted that there are no conclusions to be drawn in

Internet Text, no series of protocol statements or declarations creating

any sort of ultimate defining or explanatory position. The entire history

of philosophy mitigates against this; instead, I side with the Schlegels,

with Nietzsche, Bataille, Jabes, and others, for whom the fragment is

crucial to an understanding of contemporary life...



I wish to thank Michael Current, Chris Keep, and Robert Withers for their 

help and encouragement. Parts of this text have been published in Perfor-

ations and Crash (Thread Waxing Space). It is dedicated to Michael 

Current and Clara Hielo.



