







Insomnia, Pain, Writing





"I write myself into existence." If I do not write, I do not exist.

I am victimed by text, the necessity to recover the world bringing

me the subterfuge of pain. I write and write the world. If I write

the world enough, there will be a world. If I stop writing for just

a moment, the world will die and I will die.



I want to write about my writing, this parallel construction that

dominates and accompanies me. And I want to write about this exhaus-

tion, this sickness engendered by the writing, this writing out of

extremes, and I do not have the words. I do not sleep.



I do not sleep and a waking state is a state of pain and difficulty.

It is not always this way. It is this way now. And I cannot satisfy

myself, and fulfill this pain, unless I write, construct a parallel

or parallel world which is sleepless, which monitors my twisting and

turning, my uneasy dreams, my dis-ease of stress. I dream of tortures

which torture me. I dream of floods, fires, bodies trapped behind

walls, attacks by anonymous gangs, plane crashes, sex turning away,

disavowals, tears, the deaths of beautiful strangers. I dream of 

everyone more beautiful than me. I dream of intelligence beyond my

comprehension, my writings mocked. My dream lasts but a moment, 

refuses to return when I appear five minutes later before myself, 

shuddering, at the computer keyboard, shaking as I try to get the 

keys in order.



I write in extremis, afraid of narcissism, afraid of diaries, men,

women, everyday things in the world. I know that my writings are my

only life. I know that beyond my writings my flesh collapses, prepar-

ing for another uneasy day. I do not like the days, do not like the

nights. The mornings carry no promise for me. I worry about my cat's

survival if one day I am not found. If I am not found, I am not found

on the net.



Insomnia grips me absurdly. No longer are there fantasies of loving,

narratives of salvation; there are reality scrolls, textual determina-

tions of existence, putrescent, bursting. My arms and legs shudder 

with electric pain, circulation gone bad I think. There is tension in

my breasts, back, shoulders. My legs hang down as if the floor were

an absent friend. This is the condition I write in. I can hardly 

breathe.



(If truth comes from experience, than I am a wellspring of truth. If

there is the slightest doubt, rent in the fabric, then I am a fountain

of falsehood.)





