





STICKY





[Proposal for an Exhibition][On the Floor on the Wall]

[Nothing Sticks in Cyberspace]



Work in which there is an uneasy relationship between the sign or symbol

and the matrix containing it - a radical questioning of the symbol.

The symbol sticks to the matrix.

The symbol won't come off; it remains, a stain, irrevocable, a reminder

of something. It reminds one of memory itself, the thick consistency

of memory, the desperate need to reconstruct. (I don't remember anything

but I build up the image from unspoken logos.)

What won't come off becomes excessive, prosthetic, a curlicue. As a 

reminder, it's uneasy. It's software, always troubling.

When you think about it, it slides, oozes; there's always a degree of

viscosity.

But it need not be abject. It can be the mud beneath the tires of a

monster truck, the detritus caught in the spaces between the legs of a

spider. It can be the face running down the body, or the face turned

inside out or turned itself. Or it can be the exposed body, naked, for

the purpose of reading secrets.

A sticky proposition is one that is problematic; a sticky deal comes

with strings attached. The strings are a tangle, untraceable; they lead

out of the deal, follow pathways through the social matrix, emerge 

carrying conditions. The conditions are never clear and tend to increase.



Art reels from the coagulation of form as everyone runs to do something

with the body. What is done is already abject, a production of the body

or the body rundown, a projection of the rundown body.

But there is more. There is also the conceptual body or the minimal body.

There are bodies which fit into slots, and generally, they are bodies

carrying the disease of AIDS or death, carrying poverty. 

But the body is lost in the world of the abyss opening into representa-

tion, into media slant-truth or cyberspace itself. And this losing is

also a losing of things.

But things are never lost; they remain attached, to and from the body,

or to and from the mind of the viewer or the object in the painting or

installation or photograph or videotape. This is an exhibition of the

viewer and the viewer's attachments.

But this is not an exhibition of prosthetic art; the attachments are not

replacement, are ordinary, and speech is one of these attachments, 

speech the attachment of the body.

You see, the body is sticky and speech and the objects of the world

stick to the body. And the body is dismembered, but not torn apart; it

is a collation of obects, and speech is one of them. So this is an

exhibition of the (invisible) tape or glue holding all of this together,

and you don't see the tape or glue of course, but you do see the process

of holding. This is what we have in common: this holding.



