





Fissure



The moment I begin to believe  in the real is the moment I believe in

belief. Disbelief does not im ply belief in disbelief. To question

everything ultimately gnaws a t the flesh itself. To see the face

behind the mirror is also to s  ee the mirror. Disbelief becomes belief

when it becomes a style. Disbel ief is never disavowal. Every question

of belief is also a question of  question. The answer calls forth the

question in jeopardy. The answ er is a semiotic token, never a signi-

fied. The totality of signifieds  is virtual. Every closed system is

axiomatic. Every closed system is  an answer. My belief exists outside

each and every system. My belief i s performative. I believe to the

extent that I am responsible for  a statement made in the guise of 

truth. I make no statements of be lief. Beyond belief is disavowal.

Beyond disavowal is disinvestment . Beyond disinvestment is decathexis.

Stepping-aside, random movement , is not equivalent to assertion. The

purse that is full does not hol d the purse that is empty. The null

set is equivalent to the inters ection of a set and its complement. The

null set is equivalent to the  set whose members are not equivalent to

themselves. The former defini  tion is also a definition of inscription;

the null set is  the demarcati  on between what is and what is not,

relative to a specified constru  ct. This is the classical domain of

belief. The latter definition  is an economy of skittering; the null

set is then the production of  dissolution. This is the non-classical 

domain of disbelief. A null s  et may also be defined as neither this 

nor that, values ranging over  an entire domain. This is the domain of

post-modernity or extrusion, an  embarkation upon a faulty ship chart-

ing unknown waters, never to retur n to the safety of axiomatically

closed domains. And this is the null  set of the fissure as well, in

which belief and disbelief are simulta  neously disconnected in the

construct of the _same._ What I believ  e in is fissure, working its

way up through the text, devolving into  a statement wishing it could

and could not be.





