



Questions

What's the point of all this?
Why do we continue in this fashion?
What do we really have to say to each other?
What do we really know about each other?
Why do we chatter on and on?
Why do we say the first thing that comes into our heads?
Why do we tremble in the vicinity of the terminal?
Why are we loners, isolated, marked by fear and desperation?
What waste of resources are we consuming?
What hysteria and aggression brings us to the point of tears?
What forms of denial do we engage in, bound to our addictions?
What passes for love or hate, what passes for thinking itself?
What frauds are we, as if we belonged together in this world?
Why do we insist on communities, on the genuine?
Why do we belong to the legions of the false?
What good can possibly come of this?
What violence do we commit, knowingly or unknowingly?
What's love got to do with it?
What disasters await the collapse of hard-drive memories?
Would you want to leave this if you could?
Would you want to run away, lose yourself in drugs and alcohol?
Would you want to fuck your way to freedom?
Why not shatter your life and the life of your friends?
Why not sign off and kill yourself?
Why do you think one of us understands what the other of us says?
Why do you think the address is the person, that this is life itself?
Why do you think life in this form is even worth living?
Why are you afraid to look into a mirror, closing your eyes?
Why are you not afraid to look into this terminal with open eyes?
What are you afraid that the mirror will tell you?
What do you hide behind here, uselessly reading and writing?
Why do you tremble, always staring at the face of death?
Would you come with me if you could, love me if you could?
Would you murder me, burn me alive?
Would you do nothing of the sort?
What could you possibly gain in the end?
Where are you headed continuing in this fashion?
Where would you like to live, in or out of terminal decay?
Where does your body go?
When you are depressed, do you become demanding by denial?
When you are depressed, do you write yourself into existence?
When you write yourself, do you expect me to understand anything?
Why would I possibly understand you when you cannot understand yourself?
Why would I possibly care for you when you don't care for me?
Why do we always hate one another and violate our promises?
Why do we continue to log on, day after day, night after night?
Why do we shake when our Server is down?
Why do we have nightmares when the Terminal refuses our entry?
Why does no one ever hear our cries, our pain?
Why does everyone hear?
What's the point of all this?


