







Ontology of Cyberspace





Well, we would like to know, from everyone, what equipment you use.

What do you think about when your fingers touch the keys, what are

the colors of your terminal? Is the screen white letters on black,

black letters on white; or a combination involving a color display?

Is the screen passive or active, CRT or liquid crystal? How much 

do you keep in RAM, how filled is your hard drive? Do you run your

programs from floppies? How much does your habit increase your elec-

tric bill? Does the temperature of your home or apartment rise with

the use of the computer? What are the communications programs you

use, and did they come with the computer, or were they added, and

was this addition legal, quasi-legal, or illegal? What is the speed

of your computer, and what type of CPU is installed? What are the

dimensions of the monitor, and how far do you sit from the screen?

Is the screen flat or curved, the keyboard small or normal in size?

Do you use a screen at all, or communicate by sound and keyboard?

Do you use a mouse or a trackball or finger ball? Does the mouse 

or other device have one, two, or three buttons? Does your commuica-

tion program run primarily from mouse or keyboard control? What 

sort of computer does your server use? Are you logged into Unix or

another system? Are you logged into DOS and do you use DOS in your

home computer, or is it Mac based? Have you ever partitioned your

hard drive into DOS and Unix segments? What is the capacity of your

hard drive, and have you attached additional peripherals to in-

crease your memory? Have you upgraded your CPU, added RAM, speakers,

or other components? Do you use a CD-ROM drive, and what is its

speed? What is the dot pitch of your monitor, and is it interlaced?

What are your download and upload protocols; do they include kermit,

xmodem, ymodem, zmodem, ASCII? Do you work in Word, Word Perfect,

Wordstar, Word for Windows, or DOS for your editing, or do you work

in vi or emacs, or another system altogether? Do you use a laptop

or workstation or desktop or tower or mini- or mainframe computer,

or palmtop or Newton or do you have a Bernoulli or personal infor-

mation manager? Do you have a math coprocessor? Is your monitor a

CGA or EGA or VGA or SVGA? Do you have a docking module for your

laptop? What is the resolution of your monitor? How many serial ports

do you have? How many parallel ports? Do you work with an Amiga and

does your communication program log in with odd or even parity, and

how many bits? How many bits are your color programs, and what is

the configuration of your mail program in numbers of folders? Do you

work through command line, windows, Mac, or menu protocols? Do you

have a sound card? What is the speed of your modem and does it have

fax capacity and is it internal or external? How many expansion slots

do you have? Do you have VESA local bus slots? How many floppy drives

do you have? Do you have any sort of voice recognition system? Do you

use scanners and are they monochrome and how many dots per inch do

they have? Do you have a printer and is it laser jet, ink jet, dot

matrix, type wheel or other? Is your printer monochrome or color?

Do you have energy-saving programs for your computer? Does your prin-

ter have automatic feed? Does your keyboard have a separate number 

pad or is it integrated? Do you have any sort of external hard drives

and what are their capacity? Is your computer work station well ven-

tilated and lighted? Do you get headaches, shoulder or neck pain,

backaches, or carpal-tunnel syndrome from working on-line? Do you 

get eyestrain, and has this necessitated a change in your eyeglass or

contact lens prescription? Do you have arm or palm rests? Well, thank

you for your answers and they are appreciated.



