



STEPHANE MALLARME

UN COUP DE DES JAMAIS N'ABOLIRA LE HASARD


From the introduction by Daisy Aldan, who wrote/constructed the first
English translation:

..."(LE MAITRE), stands at the helm of his foundering ship, (Life, 
energy, all the creative forces over which he once held control which
he now has lost [jadis il empoignait la barre], in a tornado which is
pulling him into the whirlpool, (L'Abime, le gouffre). Driven wild by 
the indifferent neutrality of the abyss, (la neutralite identique du
gouffre), he hesitates to make the last throw of the dice which he 
holds in his clenched fist, which might save the ship, (himself); 
finally realizing that nothing (Rien), not even the 'unique Number'
(the great work of art, the supreme act), can save him from the anony-
mity of Death," ... "in which all reality is dissolved, (en quoi toute
realite se dissout)."

Configuration: "Toute Pensee emet un Coup de Des"

Without diacritical demarcations, guiding the text. Upon death, lips
hollow out; cavernous, wrung with the memory of weeping, thick braids
curl from women bathing in an underground lake. The single silver of
Charon twists, violently wrenched. The man with an oar guides the
fragile wire identical with the production of missiles landing video
against the body of the desert sun. Heaves and inverts. Configuration:
N'ABOLIRA. _The Halting Problem is unsolvable._

Sheaves/braids/self-cancellation. What twists, knots the octahedron.
Intersecting edges return aghast. The knot twists the shape of the sub-
ject. It is the Sigil of Genesis P-Orridge, THEE TEMPLE OV PSYCHICK
YOUTH: "For the construction of Sigils the ordinary alphabet is used.
The desire for super-human strength could be formulated as follows: 'I
desire the strength of my tigers.' In order to Sigilise this desire" ..

..: The root directory. I have held the violence of the flame within my
hands! Nightly I play chance with death. What is the nature of this
play?

Chance is the construct of death. To gamble is not to win or lose, so
much as fuck the irrational core of the universe, universal desire. 
Thus to simultaneously insist on _noise_ beyond chaos, and its person-
alization. What the body contains, broader than any system, remains at
a loss - no discrete inputs/outputs, a tangle. The tangle collapses in
the wager with death, but _Dasein_ is precisely this wager of constant
failure, error, falling. 

"In most cases, you never know the difference between standard output
and standard error:"

$ ls des*                       hors d'anciens calculs
des* not found            ou la manoeuvre avec l'age oubliee
$

The book is the text that holds the world in abeyance. Narratological
closure is always excessive; the text is always a return to itself, 
guarantee of the abyss. What is this abyss? It is lined with shelves,
museological. It is striated; from an examination of petrified feces,
the interior architecture of the intestines may be inferred.

The union of all planes tangent to the sphere is equivalent to a three-
dimensional space with a hole or singularity I identify with that text
which is always already sought in each and every text, that of _talk
incarnate_ and the primacy of the voice on the verge of death. Who does
not associate _speech_ with _expulsion,_ every breath with the last?
The word is a hunger. 

_The word is always a hunger._

It is the hunger of the sphere, the perfect object devouring death, 
dice a useless _adjective._

Interminable numbers! Already the impossibility of repetition! Each
universe is terminal, each unique! Here, in the midst of an implosive
solidity, matter holding the grain of time, time held in abeyance:
STEPHANE... STEPHANE...

		de contrees nulles
				    induit

"But after the sun's death there won't be a thought to know that its
death took place." (Lyotard)

Thee fracktal shore...................................................


