





Whimper



A bad account. I've got to implement the commands from the staff. I've 

a post with hidden control characters like that because they destroy 

address lists to make sure that everyone subbed is formatted properly. 

Addresses with mailer daemon headings. I've got to reorganize the fill,

alive. I write myself into the darkness thinking of things like these,

and a desire for sexual fulfillment coupled with romance. I can see the

beauty of this, of which I am capable of understanding as long as I am

close to me, to whom I could devote my life. I cannot imagine the cold,

cold room which offers me no kindness. Tears fill my eyes when I think

commands onto everyone else. I've got to immediately unsubscribe 

files. I've got to check my lists to make sure the meltdown address has

got to get the account shut down. I've got to call myself on the phone,

had a girlfriend for over two years and this fills me with great grief.

Have to send requests of all sorts to majordomo, if it's majordomo, and 

I live alone and cry a great deal as a result of an empty bed and

I've got to get more work out of me. I can't do this alone. I can't.

I've got to keep the who lists up to date on my home machine. I did 

quickly before I'm hacked. I've let my account overflow and there's

lists in a wide variety of sites. I've got to track down those messes,

losing money sometime soon. Soon, I've got to stop losing time, there's

meltdown happening. I can't correct my problem because I can't reach 

my in-box. I can get the information sheet and learn how to unsub cost

of living without the intimacy which only I can provide. I have never

phoned. I've got to inform the lists of the changes I've made. I've got

place. I've allowed bad addresses to shut down the list. I've got to 

remember my password. I've been sending mail to the wrong address, once

removed. I've got to check my lists to make sure that they're not 

sages which simply aren't getting through. I have to learn to interpret 

scribe myself. I don't subscribe by sending anything at all to me. I 

sleep, thrown off dreadfully, tossing and turning, night after night. I

subscribe with the same address as my return address. I've got to seem

subscribed to myself. I've got to make sure the problem is internal la-

ter. I've got to write a password script. I've got to advertise that 

the account is paid up to date. I can't continue to pass the volume of 

the account going down every single time I turn my head. I sent out

the password to a public list. I've got to change the password since

those error codes that keep clogging up the email. I have to check the 

time soon. I've got to get some sleep sometime soon. I've got to stop 

to contact the sysadmin of my list. I've got to contact the sysadmin  

to listserv if it's listserv. My messages are bouncing all over, want 

to mail the results to myself. I've got to update the info sheets, some

to the server and not external to the network. I have to make sure then 

to watch out for libel. I've got to watch out for slander. I've got to 

understand myself any longer, living from day to day, my patterns of

unsubscribe with the same address as my return address. I can't send or

watch out for slurs. I've got to watch out for cross-posting. I've got, 

would give anything for the presence of a body, the smell of a woman, me.





