





THE DEMON





The demon stopped me. Tracks led from the house to the bottom of the

slope. It was raining out, a torrent of mud and small stones, twigs

and branches, funnelling into streamlets turned into rivers. It was

night in the mountains, and there was a sheen in the thin glacial

crevices, covered with green-black moss, just like everything. It was

night and mist rose everywhere and the demon rose with the mist.



Armor netting covered her, thin wooden boards held pinned by thick 

wire, thin metal plates held pinned by wooden rivets. Boards were 

hinged to plates, wire to rivets, helmet mechanics covering and reveal-

ing her face, the samurai mask held high with demon horn. Her breast 

was bare, look at my breast she said. The house creaked in the wind and 

rain, water blew in sheets and gales of sheets, the boughs of the pine 

bent almost to the ground, you couldn't see the top of the mountain. 

Look at my breast, she said, turned towards the car juggurnaut, viola-

tion fabric of human flesh beneath its wheels, the moss-ice forming wet

furrows behind and before it, the miracle of the furrows; but I was

through with the turning. Scroll cut in at the pleasure of the breast,

scroll held me, what was round held itself off, the body an inflation

beyond the rim, beginning with the nipple, ending with the furrow of

the back. Culture and universe inflated, Kwakiutl resistance, down on

the plain where the shtetl lived.



Look at it, look at it, she said. Look at my breast. I would ride yab-

yum radio through shakti, shekinah waiting, streams pouring from her

body, water-matrix, look at it. The turning would emerge, scroll else-

where, I thought of ghost-trap cybermind, ghosts along the wires, of

a rocky field I had fallen among the rocks, a stony shore I had stum-

bled on the tones. Look at it, look at my breast.



(Later which was now which was then it occurred to me that I could 

inhabit the breast, kiss the breast, see the breast, gaze at the 

breast, touch the breast, press the breast, suck the breast, bite 

the breast, squeeze the breast, caress the breast; I could rub the 

breast, massage the breast. Look at me, look at my breast, she said, 

and there was the turning which I was through with, but I could not 

look, could not inhabit, could not kiss, could not see, not gaze, 

touch, suck, bite, caress, squeeze, caress, rub, massage the breast.)





