







I'D CALL THIS THE HAUNTING OF THE MALES





Oh yeah, and what can we do about it if we can't _pounce_ on one another

- the necessary wars for the elimination of the weaker sort who can't

throw their Unix back in the faces of the makers? ASCII bombs to the 

rescue, double-subs as well, keep the server busy with deciphering rare

error texts never before seen the light of day: KALI DEMANDS CEASE AND

DESIST for example, SHEKHINA SETS THE CROWN UPON THE CROWN and so forth.

The message becomes the line, clutters the line, defines it. Consider

this: High-fuel plutonium messages coursing the system, trailing incon-

ceivable .sigs; the wires heat up, general literal meltdown this time,

thin golden trails of atomic wastelands where once information about

insurance, banking, corporate headquarters, and that little nasty tiny-

sex flowed and flowed and flowed. 



Frank told me he would send out the hidden characters in the shape of a

pentagram, skewering MAILER-DAEMONS on the way with DIM digitial-inter-

face magick; Jung replied that no FILTER would ever do the trick conun-

drum. What Jung had was the address of every sysadmin in existence, MAIL

OR FEMALE with the delivery system built-in. Always fresh warlords to

the rescue, INANNA worked her way down to the bottom of the protocol

suite: Bring it to a halt on the frame!



A PERFECT SPHERE would make a perfect headquarters for the goings-on 

about the place! You'd put your head to the rails, hear the roar; call

up the rails on the WEB in the first place. Every night KALI heard: I

got this WEBSITE SEARCHLIGHT FANTASTIC of a HONEY, I'd be YE CRAWLING

towards any opening I'D FIND MYSELF like a gopher under your skirts. All

of you, any and all of you. I CAN'T HELP MYSELF; MAILER-DAEMON MADE ME

DO IT, Socrates always already had this to say about him. He was haunted

as males are haunted.



Males are haunted, haunt themselves by KALI, inflict terror into bodies,

across bodies, beneath the feet of bodies. Male are haunted by terror.

They don't believe they're going to live. They've got the daemon which

has stuffed their mouths. Their afraid of their assholes, any openings,

DAEMONS coming in with hard sounds in their throats. They write the

letters hoping for a break in the flow, break in the cycle. Bound by

genitalia, useless flaps and nubs of skin. Bound by the rectangular arc

of the hourhand minutehand secondhand. They're compressed.



This is a tale of that compression, of the scarf let down from the 

tower on high, of the climb into the mouth which continues uselessly to

speak. His mouth was filled with scarf, girl, air, cloud, tower. Her

mouth was filled with scarf, boy, air, cloud, satellite dishes travers-

ing enormous wastelands of water, wind hurtling beneath the surface of

the waves. She never saw that, always spoke about something else. He

had a glimmer of the same, could never speak. MAILER DAEMON spoke and

spoke, could never speak.



Haunted by speech, the males spoke. Haunted by mail, they called upon

their DAEMONS, voices from beyond, the uncanny, the tiniest little

thing. Haunted by scarves flown into their mouths, riverruns of scarves,

beautiful silks, and satins, flowers and petals, filigrees of clouds,

spirals of scarves in the winds. (That's why they listen to opera, the

song which sings the air itself, the churn of SEARCHLIGHT FANTASTIC;

that's why they _pounce._)



