





Prophecy





"When everything is forbidden, nothing is prohibited. And it's not much

worse when nothing is forbidden. Wherever the unconscious rules, barbar-

ism prevails. But if amid this hell just one person remains conscious

of what lies behind appearances; if there's a single visionary who can

perceive the extreme limits of being, where it may be corrupted and de-

generate into brute force - then the others may recover their original

shape." (Julia Kristeva, The Old Man and the Wolves)



The extreme limits lie in the particulation of the tiniest thing, peri-

pheral movement, as if the screen contained no CR, no carriage return,

as if the line continued falling off the edge, ignoring the trace that

would always already exist beyond in a void created only by the presence

of the symbolic bar/space, ALT-32, "  " repeating itself over and over 

again.



Of course nothing of the sort happens; "there is no there there," and 

the return is guaranteed except when slipping from one to another for-

mat. But this is only a metaphor; the limits of being, which I perceive

_daily_ as I inhabit them, ghost-like, obdurate, with the consistency

of virtual particles and the central regions of an invisible black hole,

these limits I say, remove the very platform from which I may bear wit-

ness. And it is the removal itself which results in the corruption of

others, to which I have also been given the proxy of the witness, and

therefore speak out here, before you, or to an angle, moved away, in 

fact, from the computer keyboard transmitting my message of prophecy,

finding myself living through a consciousness inconceivable without the

presence of the real.



_I am bound to the real,_ bound and gagged to the real; thus released, I

find myself momentarily in your presence. Here, I shunt the carriage re-

turn over and over again, _creating_ the platform of your presence before

me, the permission of reading and hopeful comprehension, the only gift I

have. 



Thus would I say unto you, beware. Thus beware.



