







PRESENTATION OF THE SELF





I will ask the questions and you will respond extemporaneously, so to

speak. I recognize you speak from the position of the male, or is 

that true or not true. And that you choose to appear naturally. So 

already there is a question of the natural, but this leads us either

too far afield or already at the heart of things. Please begin again.

Choice is involved to what extent on the Net. I can pick any identity

I want but try to be true to myself. That means that I will be as  

honest as possible. My age is a difficulty. I am 51 but that gives clo-

sure only to my demographic appearance. If I tell you that I look and

act a lot younger, what of it. You've heard it all before; like me, you

have stereotypes. The presence always leaks out, a certain moroseness

perhaps. Of gender transformation, the label would carry a great deal.

Some of you may be other than what you seem. The choice comes almost

naturally at times. The Net is not though an extension of the writer,

but can be as well a choosing of the writer. There are no definitive

structures here. But these ghosts that inhabit the wires, that is a

form of reception theory. Exactly, which is the production or flow of

introjections, projections, scrolls, rewrites, addresses, recognitions,

protocols, all those things. The lure is already a form of masquerade.

Yes, and it might as well be in the hand, given as a consequence of the

Net. Surely issues of embodiment are paramount; without the body, lure

and construct are always already at play in a radically different way

than in face-to-face communication, or even ordinary postal mail - those

areas where the grain of the text or voice dominates. So you try? What I

try is really of little consequence; what is important is to see the

Net as a playing field of communities and communications, not as an in-

formation highway, which implies a point-to-point linearity. The latter

may serve as a model (based on the telephone system) but it further 

implies a bracketing of points. I say, vectors and emissions, not 

points. I say that points imply well-definitions, and we are dealing in

terms of the subjectivity of this space with something else entirely. 

And will continue in the future to think of this as an essential differ-

ence. But you were saying about your age. Or sex, or what I reveal, that

in certain circumstances, I might not present any of this, but that it

is important to open up, not only for community, but for the sake of the

text itself, the edginess of this text. So that desire also appears, but

of course if one changes gender on the Net, desire also appears. Could

one say that it is only desire that is never in disguise. I would think

so. And what would govern, say, a man wanting to present himself as a

woman, a woman as a man. The differend of the socius, I imagine, the

latter as a temporary empowerment in terms of avoiding harassment, that

might be paramount, and then also as exploration, feeling out trans-

sexuality or homosexuality, but always with an edged empowerment. And 

the former as a means of exploration, feeling out transsexuality. It's

complicated. One could appear as a woman for the guise of homosexual re-

lationships, but also for a releasement based on introjection/projec-

tion, the feeling that women as the object of desire then become incor-

porated into the male as desiring object, so a narcissism, as when a 

male, for sexual reasons, shaves his body hair, self and other simul-

taneously. And the same would presumably hold for women in the other 

direction, but with a difference, because of the order of oppression and

the overt sexist nature of the Net in a number of _theaters._ I would 

imagine, in fact, that there is little or no posing on most email lists,

just slightly more on Usenet, and more on chat-lines, IRC, MOOs, MUDs,

and the like. And in each of these cases, there's a difference between

crossing and passing, although the difference may be unclear. Of course

anywhere a woman may pass as a man or another woman or a man may pass as

another man or another woman. Are you saying then again these are equiv-

alences. No, there is an imbalance which sets the wheel in motion so 

to speak, the imbalance of relations of oppression, which is carried 

over from real life to the Net, with the double change as I have said, 

that first of all, one can be other than what one is in real life, and 

also, that one might be freer to speak the sexual, most often in an 

oppressive way of course from male to female, but also freer to speak 

the sexual in other, more exploratory and deepening ways as well. But 

this will come to be in the future more and more, these other ways, 

providing the Net remains a non-regulated field or membrane, providing 

desire is permitted to flow throughout it as a chaotic manifold of 

intensities and releases, much, I add, as in a real-life sexual exper-

ience which uses the edge, the transgressive, as a means of retardation. 

What is most often the case, as here, is that one loses the train of 

images, loses the stasis of identity, consciously or unconsciously 

constructed, and is cast adrift, and it is here that the subject 

actually _works_ through subjectivity in various ways, as I am doing 

here. As in: who is speaking, who is questioning, who is answering, and 

who constructs the space. And always to remember that this is a _case_ 

of the gendered masculine, to the extent that gender is an excess or 

withdrawal from the performative. In other words you mean. I mean gender 

as in part physiological, and age of course, as wholly, or so it seems, 

physiological, beginning and ending with what can only be constituted as 

a fragment or torn remnant of a field of desire and identity. So you are

saying. For both women and men, an equality, flickering, empowerment, a

difference or presence, constituted internally or externally, yes.





