





BEING AND NOTHINGNESS





The book itself provided the miasma of a body, the attribute of each

and every book. _taking a plunge into the darkness of jean-paul, cold-

war blackness hole._ The furrows or striations of the hole provide the

ledge upon which cold-names are written. The writing goes szzhszzhszzh

goes szzhszzhszzh, granite grind-away, water dripping endlessly down.

It is always replenished. The absence of the wind in cyberspace quick-

dries the eyes themselves.



_coldwar blackness hole absorbing tautology, absolutism, contradiction

- taking the diving-board into oblivion - that's it - that's the way to

go._ Being projects itself into cyberspace, the invasion of nothingness

equivalent to the problematic ontology of packets hopped from one to 

another node, thirty-hop maximum. Cyberspace is existential; Being and

Nothingness is the cyberspatial body.



_the presence of the hole at the end of the text, the presence of slime

situated in the position of the cloaca: where was this text going, if 

not the flesh itself, shit falling nestled against the open mouthing of

the conclusion? The body stammers to a halt._ Elsewhere:



Elsewhere, _pierre meets jean-paul in the middle of the work or near

the beginning or ending of the middle of the work or near the beginning

of the end... not a sign of the cloaca, drinks at a small cafe, you can

almost see the gaze of the waiter, almost feel the liquid, absinthe

perhaps, descending._ Communality drives the body forward in its re-

sponse to the construct of essence defining existence. And that's it!

That's it in the French Resistance, that's it elsewhere: Clearly, in

cyberspace, essence defining existence! The door opens, once upon a 

time, essence concretizes, existence _rises to the cause._ Essence

spreads its legs, the response makes the mark, intentionality once the 

screen opens to the void!



Or is it the other way around! No matter, it comes to the same thing, 

responsibility on the part of... everyone. Being and Nothingness: _I

always thought of this as a transfused-body, interpenetrated with lack

or absence, the whole thing a rim-job... And the hole at the end of

the text turned it into a mouth: I remember this!_



A reverse existentialism! Not an essentialism at all, but a diarrhetic

essentialism, Derrida's future anterior coagulating in the form of a

human cybernaut! This is already portended, I claim, in the weight of

the book itself, the spine that of the body, the ending messing every-

thing, cleaning out the debris of metaphysics, preparation for cyber-

space within the French Resistance, the resistance of cyberspace itself.



