|

All falsehood is likely and relevant. All falsehoods are alike.
Falsehoods are always already concatenations; truths are contingent.
Beyond the realm of the quarantine, ethical imperatives are objects
of law, not justice.
Speech is the truth of speech; text is the falsehood of text.
Each of my texts occupies an uneasy domain, a phantom limb of everyday
life. The hysteria of the occupation the moment of the limb. Disarticu-
late, it forces the recognition of the other. Self and other are always
phantom.

This list is contaminated:

"What is a body if not a certain detachment of the skin, of bark, of
surface, if not a carrying off and setting aside of a limit that is
exposed and exposes itself? The gesture of the limit, the gesture at the
limit, is touch - or rather: touching is the thought of the limit. To
touch is to be at the limit, touching is _being_ at the limit - and this
is indeed being itself, absolute being. If there is something rather
than nothing, it is because there is this limit made body, these bodies
made limit, and exposed by their limits. Absolutely. Thought must touch
on this." (ibid.)

On this list, you come and go as you please. On this list, you command
your options; disappearing back into the darkness of cybermind, phantom
fingers continue to emerge, sprout, from phantom limbs. Sullen hands
glitter in the terminal blackness, the blackness which is the refusal
of the sign, inordinate and absent substructure of neural mind, desire,
the pleasure and pain of things. Sullen hands grasp the sign in a singu-
ar and emptied articulation. (For what is the _chora,_ if not a certain 
detachment of the skin, the _exposure_ of the lineaments of the sign, 
and not the sign itself?_)

[What is _surreal_ is the sign. Embodied, its site is imminent and past.
Sightless, it flies blind, wounded against the limits of the body. It
collapses in the fleshmeet which is the writing of the body.

_The writing of the body is endless and decathecting_ - that is the
truth of the body. I will meet you in San Francisco. I meet you in
Dallas. I have met you in Montreal. I will meet you in Rwanda. That is
the truth of the body.]

This list is contaminated; sweet, the color of syrup, home and hearth
forever... sweet...


