





NAKED (for Clara Hielo Internet)





The body putrifies as a result of excrescences, hideous memories, enor-

mous tangled skins sloughed, ripped or wounded. I will expose myself for

you to the limits of my ability, eliminate all catastrophies: begin with

the anxiety of cloth stripped from the flesh, columns, hollows, lozenges

reflecting the dim afternoon light as I stand naked for your pleasure. 

So obscure, such a pretty pleasure, such arousal! Already intent hurtles

towards the surface, taking organs with it, everything glistening, noth-

ing listening.



Encouraged, I begin shaving, head, underarms and overarms, chest, the

nipples peeking forth shyly like inverted roses denuded of leaves and

stems, the darker genitals suddenly blossoming forth themselves, exposed

to the pure light of being, and down across the buttocks (no obscenity

here!), the _orifice_ of pure light, the legs as well. (A laser probe,

you peer within, examine what was once a sin, I hope that you will let 

me in.)



Ah, I cry myself to sleep for you, cry upon waking, tears surround me

during the day. Crying, my ducts empty; my eyes are porcelain sockets,

discolored towards the central nexus, o my cyberspace server opening 

iris and pupil alike. Shuddering, my sweat evaporates, my mouth dries

completely, as if in the throes of a psychotropic drug designed to strip

me further, this being of flesh ballooned with the tension of skin,

raised to uncanny heights through the languorous rigidity of bone. The

bone is the conduit; shivers run through it, and bones vibrate at subtle

and immense velocities, resulting in the production of heat. The naked

body rises with the heat of it, dream of women with the seat of it.



I urinate, defecate, purge the bowls, carefully scrub the interior of 

the anal and penile openings (o lovely catheter), turn towards the ears 

and nose, cleansing carefully. O purity, a lure to endure, lewd lure of 

endurance, o, o, o! My teeth are brushed to bisque, and now my eyes are

clean and bright as well, the anal folds practically sterilized, no 

smell of excrement anywhere on the body, which has become its own dank

mirror, its own reflection liquified on the edges of the smoky smoky

screen.



By telling you this, I hope you comprehend how ready I am for your em-

brace, for cyberspace, this carapace. I have become a well-defined pro-

gram, half in rom, half in ram, written in blood and ink, you do not 

have to think, my spoor and lure across my most delicate of skins, I am

on pins. My secrets have been shorn from me, my semen, excrement torn

from me, my gender visible from any distance, eligible and legible 

through the textual appearance, a form of clearance. Uncorrupted, I

approach for your embrace, you touch my pure face, you search my lewd

embrace. I have become naked, naked, naked, in cyberspace, no other 

place; not pure mind but pure body you will find, and the elder said 

"Was it a woman, or a man, / That passed this way? I cannot tell. / But 

this I know, a set of bones / Is travelling on upon this road." 

(Visuddhi-Maggi, i)





