







THE CYBERSPACE WHICH IS ALREADY DEATH





They call me "the Professor." I live alone; I go habitually to a local

coffeeshop for my noonday meal. I am well-known there, always carrying

books, wearing thick glasses, a slightly unkempt appearance. A bachelor

they think, a man who thinks too much. There is a slightly sad air 

about me, nostalgia perhaps for the woods of my childhood, flowers or

birds which are found huddled and decrepit in the rundown neighborhood.

But there are rare moments of beauty as well.



Once there was a woman who came in daily to the restaurant. Everyone 

knew I was soft for her, but afraid to speak. For a year, I watched her

come and go; one day most recently she appeared with an older man,

obviously her boyfriend. You lost your chance, they said. You should 

have said something. 



But I would return to my book or to the daily paper, always searching 

for a sign that something would either begin or end.



(And this would have been Vienna, around 1930, or Park Slope, Brooklyn,

around 1994.)



Walking away, carrying nothing but myself. I have been told to take

whatever "valuables" I can. I pack in a hurry. No one will remember the

things that have happened here. Every building carries a sense of 

invisible loss, jazz solo disappearing even _beyond_ and farther still,

and quicker.



The voices never die. The voices are a continuation. They are the same

voice, the speech of the book or magazine on my lap, random constructs

of advice flowing through me during my afternoon walk. I am the only

organism that continually speaks the world; like news radio, I offer

description.



Words disappear almost immediately on the screen, and I want this ter-

rifying death to cease. The absorption is utter and complete; there are

no traces, no paper indentations where type once graced the surface.

And I want my words in granite and steel, hundreds of thousands of

copies, stelae, holding the grain of the real down among itself, the

graveyard shift of the living.



Each of these words has been breathed in silence, each fingered,

responding to my own sense of hearing. The text is always that of the

tomb, the muffled sound of the word filtering out the highs and lows,

reducing manuscript to murmur, death to a whisper of death. A whisper

and then some. Nothing lasts forever you say, the words dead before

you finish them. It is the nature of this shell, this memory of a space.



There is always darkness at the other end of the line; wires snap out

of existence, and an insufficient ecology ensures that there is only a

limited quantity of letters. The letters define the edge of a virtual

cliff; as I have pointed out elsewhere, cyberspace is the sum of its

contents, not emptied or annihilated otherwise, but simply not a fact

or picture among the world's domains. Without the drive, there is no

chora, and the potential absenting of this space _always_ constructs the

problem of ontology and origins; we witness our absence through the 

necessity of _actively inscribing_ our presence, close to disappearance.



If I do not speak, I am nowhere. If I do not speak, I am not at all.

Michael stopped speaking on Thursday; I received nothing from him 

thereafter. Michael died. But even among the living, there is an ontic 

insecurity in cyberspace; no words will make it disappear.





