





The `Whining' Aspect of the Writing of the Texts





You constantly write of the need for intimacy; does this color your

reading of/writing on/within cyberspace?



Alone, I am opened to the raw world of the wires, more so than you with

your families, your real-life loves and hates, your disagreements and

intimacies. Who better is left to write in this space, this open archi-

tecture interface? My skin is opened, cut away; raw, I am pressed into

the matrix of the solid state. Only disembodiment irrupts within the

psyche, the worrying of it.



(Scrape the skin away from the breast, a second nipple of undergrowth

tissue. Use the application bandage, mutiple-connectivity at the touch

of surface against surface. The two heal together. Allow the upper sur-

face of the application for jack-in, jack-out. Lie back, eyes closed,

half dreamed up to the world, unclothed body splayed to cyberspace. 

Write, as I write now, in red letters on a black screen, letters of

blood, warning, and desire. Read the writing with the eyes closed back.)



An event is foretold by the hardness of it; as the cyber-anorectic body 

wastes away, everything comes true in the hearing. There is nothing but 

the hearing, small turbulence of scattered winds. The cyber-anorectic 

body _becomes_ the event - no inside, no outside for _this_ body which

forgets, forecloses upon every other. The event inflates in cyberspace,

murmur or whisper, and _this, this is my country,_ the event tells each 

and every one of us, _this is my country._



(Lying back, clothed or unclothed, I become pure liquid, liquidity,

drugged in the state of perfection. _Now, I will believe. Now, there is

nothing to believe in._ How to consider this when the landscape, all

around, is there - _for the dreaming that comes otherwise?_)



Alone, I inhabit this world which I stumble through. (And that is why,

in spite of everything, desire and intimacy come forward as themes in

these texts; they are themes of cyberspace, and anything more real than

real in the physical world would sublimate them, cauterize them, with

the smell of burning flesh.)



(And why this emphasis on flesh, skin, the body itself? Because, lone, 

there is nothing else to give, nothing to receive.)





