


Now


Now I want to take a look at that essay which I have recommended to you, 
Alphonso Lingis' _The Society of Dismembered Body Parts,_ in *Gilles 
Deleuze and the Theater of Philosophy,* eds. Boundas and Olkowski. And 
in particular, this passage, on page 297:

"Now the eye no longer winces when it sees the mark; it does not see
the incision with which the pen or the printer has cut into the white
surface of the paper. The eye has lost the ability to see the cut, the
incision, the wound; it passes lightly over the page, not seeing, not
sensing the tissue of the paper at all, but seeing the words as though
they were flat patterns suspended in a neutral emptiness. The eye is 
no longer active, palpating the pain, jumping to the leopard; it is now
passive before the flow of abstract patterns passing across it."

Now this is in reference to incisions, circumcisions, all kinds of body
transformations that mark the body, not even as ikonic, but as passage
within the world, and such demarcations _conclude_ the body which is not
a totality. Writing itself totalizes, removes itself; the wound remains
("the ability to see the cut, the incision, the wound" implying a pre-
sence which is unremarked), as in all disembodiments which are inter-
woven with death itself. Now consider again this medium within which 
"we" find ourselves, because clearly "we" are _impresent,_ or re-presen-
ted through the REWRITE cauterization that constructs a double encoding:
that of the absenting of the totalized-body and that of the latter's
absenting of the dismembered/wounded body. (Note that "dismembered" 
itself is problematic, assuming, as it does, a membering to begin with.
And "wounded" also emplies holism. Better to conceive of a pre-semiotic
universe of part-objects, transitional objects at best, hardly or not-
objects at all.)

Now this is to imply, at least on a psycho-anthropological level, the
presence of a wounding through its absenting, a certain torsion in other
words. And this torsion transforms or generates a suturing, a presencing
through and of REWRITE always already beyond the body, but never mind.
So one might say, that at least on a metaphoric level equivalent to the
Lacanian mirror-stage, that there is a degree of _suffering_ involved
here, and for this we may well turn to Lyotard's *The Inhuman* for fur-
ther elucidation. 

Now here is the famous essay, _Can Thought go on without a Body_ and I
want to quote two short passages to you. Here is the first:

"This soliciting of emptiness, this evacuation - very much the opposite
of overweening, selective, identificatory activity - doesn't take place
without some suffering." [,,,] "The body and the mind have to be free
of burdens for grace to touch us. That doesn't happen without suffering.
An enjoyment of what we possessed is not lost."

And again: "The pain of thinking isn't a symptom coming from outside to
inscribe itself on the mind instead of in its true place. It is thought
itself resolving to be irresolute, deciding to be patient, wanting not 
to want, wanting, precisely, not to produce a meaning in place of what
_must_ be signified." 

Now Lyotard continues here, and the quotes are almost over: "To sum up
- will your thinking-, your representing-machines suffer? What will be
their future if they are just memories? You will tell me this scarcely
matters if at least they can 'achieve' the paradoxical relationship
to the said 'data' which are only quasi-givens, givables, which I've
just described. But this is a hardly credible proposition." "If this
suffering is the mark of true thought, it's because we think in the
already-thought, in the inscribed."

Now both the _labor_ of thinking and the _pain_ of thinking are relevant
here, and it is clear that the occurrence of thinking, packet-driven in
this medium which does not even reflect the tissue of paper or of exper-
iences, is analogous to an _object-oriented language,_ nothing less and
nothing more. So that the body _and its processes_ are cauterized, elim-
inated, evacuated, again, even as a totalization.

Now all of this is clearly in reference to that text of questions which
I posted previously, and in fact a clarification or emendation of that
text, if such is necessary. Because it is important to consider the
wound, even if only in the form of a memory, and perhaps even its alleg-
iance to what Kristeva names _the Thing_ in *Black Sun,* a depressive 
site which presences itself, conceivably by an absenting as well. There 
is in other words, a _matrix_ of conditions and operations here, which I 
subsume beneath the sign (itself) of REWRITE, but a messy or excessive
matrix as well.

Now further, does this not also touch on those masochistic operations
often found among, at least, artists, identified as "cuttings," self-
inflicted wounds, usually in the arm or leg, often near the symbolic
regions of the wrist or breasts? Such cuttings, beyond their obsessive-
compulsive production, are also a determination or inscription of the 
body _without_ or external to culture; they are scarifications that
_refuse_ the grapheme or its symbolic, remaining instead a vestige of
dismemberment as described by Lingis. And they are also the _obverse_
of the siting of computer-mediated communication. On one hand, they
touch on the Thing and the sutured wound; on the other, they reference
the savaged body which cannot help dissolve in the face of terminal
death.

Now, therefore, it is _entirely germane_ to take into considerations
addictions, sufferings, tremblings, whether or not they clearly manifest 
themselves to the computer user; such states or operations are them-
selves simultaneously embodied and disembodied in virtual subjectivity. 
To the _extent_ that they are manifest, there are often difficulties of 
a psychological nature. But they are, at least as metaphorically as the 
mirror-stage, present in one form or another - I would say subtextually, 
but for the absence of the symbolic - and I would say within the proble-
matic of the imaginary/uncanny at the _very_ least.

Now I would refer you back to the texts themselves.


