


Seepage


Water seeps between the keys, enters into this and every other equation.      
Pools of water gather at the basis of the foot, the sole puckered 
against the exigencies of the earth itself. The sole is a _pelt,_ cut
from the body's intensities. It is here that the greatest drama of all
occurs, the arch refusing to succumb to universal law, denying the body
its right to caress the matrix from which it has emerged. The arch is
the sole's support, recognition of atmosphere lending itself to flight
in the midst of cosmos, the experiment of the journey.

But the arch is a bridge; water flows beneath, against the sub-pods 
holding the pallor of the body vertical, an emergence of the sky-goddess
from fluid state to atmosphere, from regulated and discrete logic net-
works to neural membranes with inconceivable interconnectivity. Wetware
bathes in an internal ocean, filled with parasitic cells harnassed for
the difficult task of thought. Thought takes wing only in darkness, only
in interstitial cavities, and if the body is comically convex, raising
itself uselessly in the air, thought is tragically concave, returning 
over and over again to those recursivities paradoxically necessary for
any developmental progress.

The corrosion of water is the result of infiltration within the domain 
of metals, glasses, electronics. Here, water constructs a film cancel-
ling primary and secondary difference; material becomes a _moment_ of
information, and the iconicity of rust quickly transforms into the in-
dexicality of information. Yet thought itself is always already a 
movement from the iconic to the indexical; this _is_ the nature of
thought, which is thus an _epistemological strategy_ from its very 
beginning. Indeed, the _gesture_ is just such a transformation, stopped
on _this side_ of the symbolic, against the wall or breached wall of the
symbolic.

Thought then is not an _intentionality_ or grasping so much as a semiotic
transformation necessary for survival; the symbolic then appears as a
Bataillean-economic _excess_ which simultaneously drains the iconic (i.e.
the strategies of allegory, simulacrum, spectacle), and self-cauterizes.
The symbolic absorbs only in itself; it absorbs the other which loses
both epistemic and ontic status. The result of this is an _hysteria;_ 
the symbolic is a disease of substitutions and loss. The iconic becomes
sublimated within the signifier which no longer refers gesturally so 
much as constitutes difference among itself. In such a fashion, further,
language itself is rendered as a disease or dis-ease with the real,
and culture becomes a matter of (genderless) castration or cauterization.

This is why it is a truth and comfort to recognize, within the symbolic,
that being-human constitutes an illness from which we shall not return.
And it is equally a comfort to witness how this primary truth determines
the narrowness of truth itself, its _defile,_ in the presence of lateral
indeterminacies.

Water seeps between the legs, enters into this and every other equation.
But this is _performative._



