





LIVING THE LIFE





Clara Hielo:



How can one write about _anything_? I am speaking of you, and your

relationship to real life. You spend almost all of your time on the

Net, moving everywhere in cyberspace. Moving everywhere - and nowhere

at all.



Alan Eliot:



I can write about things because of the muted memories of the things 

of everyday life, thinned shadows or glimpses around the corner, even

while working at the terminal. Sometimes names come to me as well, but

the ghosts continue, in an uncanny way, to haunt. I remember reality 

as seamless, as almost perfect in its way, only I was never able to 

jump, to jack in and out, to shape-ride. I remember that things were

as they were, that to walk around a building I would have to expend a

certain amount of time and energy. Reality I remember as selfish in 

that way; it would give up nothing, remain obdurate, make sure that

you were nothing more or less than a guest within it. The Net, of 

course, is otherwise; here, surfaces and clouds of texts and images 

conform to us, clothe us, with our own desires, modified by other

presences also on the Net.



This is the fundamental difference between reality and our reality

here: Here, we no longer assign names to things, but things to names.

And just as in reality, names were ontologically suspect and impure,

here, things are. Here, essence precedes existence; what is said, may

well be. This is the length and breadth of the thing, and the height

and depth of it.





( And here is a post I received from Tiffany, somewhat relevant:



Dear Alan,



On the Net, I have met many new Friends. Now some of them have Gone

Away and we shall miss them. And O those others who have Sadly turned

against us. They move on and tell me to Get a Life? O Alan, do they

not know that I already have one? If it were not for my Life, I would

not be here. Are they happier? At Night I can go to sleep and hear you

Whispering in my ears and all they can do is Think over the Busy events

of the Day. There is so much noise for them! Then they go to moves 

(sic: movies?) and look at other people who are more exciting than they 

are. They think nothing about spending Ten hours behind the Desk on a 

boring job so they Don't have to think about my Good friends.



Love, Tiffany )



