





HOW WE'RE NEVER ONE OR SOMETHING ELSE AGAIN





Honey says:



There is always someone who will find the One of cyberspace, the idea

or ideal, that which subsumes, occupies, the rest of the intelligence

or ideation, slotting it sideways into epistemological extensions: I

say to you, the _saying_ of the one is already two, and the hearing of

the two is already three: it is the curlicue of Quine that extends by

constant perusal, these and every other operation. (Bell's Theorem and

a host of others rings here as well!)



Tiffany says:



There is no clue to a picture of sentience, no clue to a flaccid God-

head residing in the wires, no pretty picture of sovereignty, no de-

lights of neural consciousness, the One which will heal us, which will

transform our dismembered body parts (Lingis), our part-objects of

self-destructing memories, back into that wholeness peered upon by the

German Romantics (some of whom high-tailed it back into Catholicism,

not a far distance to go). There's no secret beyond the complexity of

stuttered packets, the inordinately complex protocols dissembling, re-

assembling data, for your pleasure, for your personal pleasure. I am

amazed at the insolence of data-jump: one more brain, and God appears,

sometimes in the form of a hive run, for that matter, by Neutopia her-

self. Recognize instead, my friends, the anarcho-syndicalist nature of

the Net, the seeping of information from many to many, the shuddering

of the overloaded wires heating the vast engines of the stratophere on

the way to and from satellites frozen in hostile space. 



Clara says:



Let not our damaged lives and bodies lead us astray! Stop inhaling God,

Mind, One Nation Indivisible, Absolute, be ever cybermindful that Cyb-

ermind itself is a multiplicity, a Communality of thinking through 

oneself and others, and others thinking through oneself. We walk through

the picket-fences into the backyards of our neighbors, returning by way

of the edges of the swimming-pools just like Burt Lancaster in The Swim-

mer, and there's always that shell of a house, that lure, to bring us 

in, sit us down at the dinner-table, make us pray like hell. O ignore

the sentient ones, for they themselves dissolve, devolve, divide. "The

map is closed, but the autonomous zone is open." (Hakim Bey)



Honey says:



We talk and talk with our friends and family, talk many to many, the

ashes of the grandfathers, the urns of the grandmothers, brought into

the Room of the Ancestors, and our communality warms our hearts before

our hearths praying to the local gods splintered from the past. We can

think our way out of the Net, head thrown back like a Pontormo Christ

lounged against the margins of the Real, and think our way back in,

burrowed like an Ensor, everything shrinking, shrieking to a granular-

ity we recognize as our own true selves. Loops and feedbacks, thresholds

don't help; they're nowhere to be found, we're on our own again. You 

keep that in my mind, and I keep it in yours, and we are many with many,

dissolve, devolve, divide.



Tiffany says:



And When you examine inscription, the body, TCP/IP, in detail, you are 

the first to notice the microtubules operating on or near the quantum 

level; you notice as well that channels tunnel elsewhere, that quantum

tunnelling refuses the strictures of classical logic, portends instead 

a holarchy-at-large, once beyond the protocols. There is no Mind in 

these mined waters; we'd better get used to it - we're alone on the Net, 

next to the Polar icecaps of Mars and Greenland, horizons tilted uncan-

nily, everything off balance, but there's only _us_ to notice it, this 

_us_ longing for a home, for those letters to reach out like any other 

magic formula, Om, God, Cybermind, something to MAKE IT REAL, MAKE IT 

ONE, MAKE ME FEEL THAT I AM HEALED, THE DAY IS DONE, THAT I AM ONE, but 

none of us are, no longer, any more.



Clara says:



Time to go now.



