




REWRITE


In the earlier sections of the Internet Text, I have stressed three
attributes of the virtual subject: recognition, protocol, and address.
I have also stressed REWRITE as a communicative operation. Let us
examine REWRITE.

When I type this message to you, I WRITE myself into existence. Unlike
everyday communication, the message is the viral carrier of an ontic
domain; there is no other. The message becomes the 'presentation of
the self,' and address becomes the only signifier of a hard-ware link
(wire to wire connectivity) between me and you. 

WRITE, however, is a calling for a response, and finally the emergence
of REWRITE, the condition of continuous communication and construct of
the virtual self. This construct is resonant with both receiver and
transmitter; in fact, the older articulation of communication as
transmitter--->[information*noise]--->receiver becomes rewritten on the
psychological domain. Noise becomes integrated into REWRITE; the Net
stutters in and out of operation at local sites. And REWRITE, through
Net transmission speed and modes such as IRC, talk, ntalk, MUDs and 
MOOs, collapses operation while transforming state (with REWRITE, one 
can construct gender, etc.) - instead of the opposite model of more 
traditional communication, that of a collapsed state (integrated and 
imminent identity, even in telephony) and transforming operation (the 
communicative 'aura' involving extra-linguistic or diacritical pro-
cesses/gestures).

REWRITE is the condition of the virtual subject, who speaks and speaks,
not to make him or herself _heard,_ but _in order to exist._ Flamewars
in this regard are _wars of ontology,_ involving speech and silence,
involving the territorialization of the ontic domain. If to write is to
write oneself into existence, REWRITE secures a site for this writing
which FLAME challenges. What is at stake in FLAME is far more serious
than surface slander, or even the right to speak - it is the write to
_exist,_ to occupy a site.

REWRITE can also be a withdrawal, a form of death; I can REWRITE myself
out of existence, withdrawing from the Net, which is _always_ a with-
drawal, even in the case of a real, physical, death of; letters of con-
dolence and disbelief continue to arrive for months after the death of
a Net friend, who continues to exist in this fashion.

REWRITE is also a form of _hysteria,_ something I have long stressed -
the site of the self becomes sublimated, focused, and cathected _else-
where_ than the physical body - or rather as an extension of the body.
This existence requires considerable effort to maintain it; desire
floods from the body, floods the Net as sites (and domains) find them-
selves in competition among the wounded. For the body in REWRITE is 
always the _phantom body,_ fulfilled, controlled, and out-of-control
as a phantom limb or appendage; the body is drawn-forth through the
messaging, and this becomes the _only_ body that is the speaking body,
the _only_ body that is the desiring body, eating body, fucking body,
anorectic body. The result, among other things, is a neurotic-obses-
sive compulsion to return again and again to the terminal as a guarantee
of existence, a mirror-stage which, as I have pointed out elsewhere, 
exists problematically _on the other side of the mirror,_ already in the
symbolic. As such, REWRITE is also a _castration_ or _cauterization_ of
the presymbolic; if, in ordinary communication and being-in-the-world,
the symbolic is excessive and 'leaky,' in REWRITE it is the presymbolic
that leaks into the other (literally, into the Other).

And as we have seen, the residue is _addiction_ itself, an addiction to
existence which is filtered through the command mode, filtered through
addresses and protocols and demanding recognition. This is the addiction
to REWRITE, the establishment of a site which is equivalent to sight, 
and sight which is equivalent to cite/citation, the presence of a bibli-
ographic mode found everywhere on the Net.

This bleak landscape is relieved by a reconsideration of traditional
space-time communication (yes, even telephony); in REWRITE the death of
the self is always already both foregone and blurred. Time expands and
shudders; space is everywhere and simultaneous. The ontological _occurs_
through REWRITE (and who has heard of the _occurrence of the ontolog-
ical_ before ?); in the world of the 'pratico-inert,' it occurs simul-
taneously at every site. Geography itself is transformed; REWRITE is
laminar, multiplexed, and the self begins to cease to be, even in terms
of the proper name, a singularity. What is always presented to the other
is a multiplicity which extends in depth as well as laterally. Beyond
the text (which itself fragments, deconstructs), there is nothing but
the tain of the mirror, fiber optics, neural-electronic flooding of in-
comprehensible systems and protocol layers. REWRITE beyond its sitings
is _always_ a process or (hysteric) in-gathering - and perhaps it is at
this juncture that the sociobiological takes over.


