











From: sondheim@panix.com (Alan Sondheim)

Newsgroups: alt.fan.amy-fisher

Subject: Amy fans, Tonya fans

Date: 25 Sep 1994 04:20:23 -0400

Organization: PANIX Public Access Internet and Unix, NYC

Lines: 13

Message-ID: <363bs7$d54@panix3.panix.com>

NNTP-Posting-Host: panix3.panix.com

X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL2]





But Amy _does_ have fans who are obtuse, inverted themselves, disliking

Shannon Doughtery (sp.?) because we can't _contain_ her; like Tonya, she

doesn't simplify. And we're attracted to the danger which is always already

sexualized, stepping across an edge we hadn't even realized was there.

Because it's not about Joey B's wife or Nancy K's leg at all (all these body

parts), but about angry and edgy women who skewer the culture, by default,

in a certain sense. And like all fandom, we're here attracted to the fact we

can't have her, not at all - the darker side being, we're here because we

believe we can _save_ her, the ultimate male power trip: male-male helping

the little-girl-prostitute out of her misery so male-male can fuck her by

himself. In the name of salvation. In the name of God. But fuck.

Alan





CMC DISEASE, 2008





Abstract: CMC (Computer-Mediated-Communication) is a classified disease

in which the prosthesis of ego/libidinal relationships becomes trans-

formed through the interpenetration of terminal scroll and internalized

projection/introjection psychoanalytical processes.



Symptoms: Reality scroll and echo; a certain numbness of the arms and

legs; the usual carpal-tunnel syndromes; static hyperactivity; talking-

past [indeterminate eye-focusing off-screen]; nervousness and insomnia;

quasi-psychotic displacement of real-life responsibility; often general

ill-health and pallor.



Initial Findings: Through recent work of Donald (_Origins_) and others,

including a generalized aetiology stemming from theories of incorpora-

tion and transitional objects vis-a-vis Piaget's manipulative childhood

strategies and Winnicott's work, it is now acceptable to consider the

conscious and preconscious processings of the neural apparatus as both

internal and external. Any seeming necessity for external stasis (food,

drink, heroin) may be considered positively or negatively addictive;

anorexia, for example, is a postive addiction for food, since nourishment

is a necessary and therefore negative addiction. The _external_ process-

ing associated with the neural apparatus consists of three things: stor-

age, or external memory which is the primary focus of the processing; 

manipulation, which is the organization and reorganization of storage, 

including new inputting and outputting (modelled in general by matrix

algebras); and interfacing between internal and external. Our analytical

target has been the last; the interfacing presents instances of a double

addiction, first, to the flicker-rate and obseqious nature of the screen

itself, and second, to the temporal reality constituted by CMC.



Ia The flicker-rate. The screen refreshes at a rate of approximately 30

frames/second; with an interlaced field, this occurs at 60 fields/second.

At low intensities, this is acceptable for one or two hours' duration;

at high intensities (such as might be found in an office situation), the

result is flicker which may be responsible for both pre-migraine light

displays and addictions. Note the frequency is four times that of the

standard accepted for epilepsy.



Ib The obseqious nature. The screen is _internally illuminated,_ and in 

a Windows or other all-over environment, presents a diffuse wide-area

light source. This is clearly reminiscent of the hearth; indeed, the 

home computer environment has already moved _away_ from traditional desk

organization towards a hearth-like framework. The user sits at a range

from 30 to 80 centimeters away from the screen, and the usual clutter

of the desk is often reduced by up to 75%. In other words, like the 

hearth, the computer environment is isolated from the rest of the room,

and yet it provides a focus and articulation-point for the user. Like 

the hearth, as well, the user faces the wide-area light source during

communication. Finally, the hearth has often been considered the source

of _house-hold gods_ and the terminal, by virtue of its simultaneous

impersonalization (hidden operations, neutrality) and personalization

(instant response to the input/output of user demands as well as: a.

personalizing of the software screen environment, and b. personalizing

of CMC inputs and outputs); the double connotation of "magic and mystery"

contribute to its overall addictive power.



II But the _temporal power_ constituted by CMC is of _critical import._

In most CMC communications, an inordinate and unprecedented number of

posts may arrive on a daily basis. This basis even follows a circadian

rhythmic pattern, increasing (as does private telephony) during the mid-

evening hours. CMC, however, is always accompanied by _delay_ within 

which certain elements of masochism and power are brought into play. 

These are the same elements which are operational in traditional non-

chemical addictions. For example, the other may or may not reply; there

is always an _intensive personalization_ at work on this level (see Ib).

Again, one may always sign-off, kill, or delete the other's messagings

_before_ their presence on the screen - and there are all sorts of 

flaming "hit and run tactics" that can be deployed. The anonymity of the

screen, in addition, creates quasi-psychotic sites of power and "occupa-

tion," within which the real is always already rewritten, and the user

or "virtual subject" rewrites, continually, himself or herself. And as

we know from other evidence, this sort of compulsive repetition is at 

the heart of both addiction and obsessive neurosis, and their intertwin-

ing. So to sum up here: The temporal power aspect has s/m components; it 

creates simultaneous conditions of power (i.e. kill, flame, sign-off)

and revelation (i.e. love, sex, secrecy-revelations behind the veil of

apparent anonymity).



III A third aspect of CMC must be mentioned in passing - a reconsidera-

tion of the _intensive personalization_ of IIb. There is throughout CMC

the potential for "customizing" the computer environment, including of

course the nature and contents of the external data bases. So CMC con-

structs a preminent site for the development of a narcissistic symptom-

ology _in the guise of communicative strategies._ The presence of the

hearth; the ability to reveal/communicate secrecies; the ability to talk

intensively on a one-to-one or one-to-many basis _with the same screen

application and appearance_: all serve to deepen the addictive potential

and addiction itself, once it has been established at the site.



Treatment: It is too early to speculate on treatment, but standard with-

drawal strategies, including b-mod, may be employed. There are, as of

yet, no twelve-step programs.



Epidemiology: CMC is spreading widely; one reason, at least at this

juncture, to avoid treatment is to assume that the disease is a _condi-

tion_ or natural evolution of (sociobiological) human behavior. From 

this viewpoint, CMC is not a disease to be treated, but a dis-ease to be

accommodated. Certainly, barring unforeseen war and other disasters, by

the year 2050, CMC in one form or another, including virtual reality (VR)

will be commonplace. By then, this and other addictions will be the 

social norm, leading us to speculate: _Addiction is the standard model 

of human subjectivity._



Final note on addiction: By this we mean that thinking and repetitive be-

havioral patterns (including those generated by the autonomic nervous

system) are components of addiction; and that just as external storage

media are becoming part and parcel of human cognition, so heroin and 

other addictive chemical substances are becoming increasingly necessary

to human survival. It is become harder to draw the lines _between_ ad-

dictions, all of which possess often-ineffectual twelve-step and other

withdrawal programs. To assume addiction as a natural-evolutionary con-

sequence of the species seems the best approach at this juncture in time.



Alan Sondheim for the staff at Telcom Disease Control Center (TDCC).

4/18/2008



