





1 Does cyberspace exist independently of human action (human culture,

etc.)? There are both an ideal and a real manifestation of cyberspace.

The former is the mapping of transmissions across nodes - i.e. ideal 

movement of data-streams, and the latter is the hardware and actual

movement across it. If cyberspace can be considered a form of liquid

programming with its contents in bytes, then one might speak of cyber-

spaces in the plural - referring to any telecommunications network

and its transmissions/receptions. Such spaces may (or may not) be

considered subsets of a "universal cyberspace," capable of infinite

nodes, rates of transmission, message lengths, etc. 



1.1 While it is tempting to see all cyberspace as sets of transmis-

sions based on material or physical reality, the ontology of informa-

tion itself is sufficiently problematic to necessitate a category

bridging the mathematico-abstract, material, and phenomenological 

(psychological) aspects of the real world. Cyberspace is then a con-

strained (by networks) subset of a _process-ontology_ of information,

since it is continuously transforming.



1.1.1 Note that the process-ontology is _still_ different than the

ontology of language carried within the packets, and the ontology of

the user hirself - what I call _indexical embodiment,_ the indexing

semiotics of the user within the message contents (re 2). This is a 

supplement to (or surplus) the traditional semiotics of the message, 

and is to some extent a (formal) deconstruction of the latter.



2 "Contents" can refer to: a. the totality of packets across the net-

work; b. the message-contents of the packets for the end-user. _This

division is fuzzy,_ since the demographics of users range from sysadmins

to a general public; what is an invisible framework for the latter may

carry message information for the former.



2.1 "Contents" can also refer, of course, to the collection of material

objects constituting the network as a whole. But here we are differen-

tiating between the _transmissions_ as flows or as messagings for the

end-user.



3 Is there an ought to cyberspace? There are two "oughts" at work, one

of the protocol suite and its addresses in its entirety, and one of the

contents. The former is necessary for _any_ messaging to successfully 

traverse the network; the latter is a question of _internal filtering_

of the data packets, i.e. a filtering of their contents.



3.1 The former is that of address/protocol/recognition, described in 

the first sections of Internet Text, and involves the _opening_ or 

creation of cyberspace from/for the end-user. Filtering of contents is 

a form of censorship or editing of information.



3.1.1 The filtering may itself be internal or external.



3.1.1.1 Internal filtering is editing of the message contents in the

form of word-processing (i.e. delete, insert, etc. within the text).



3.1.1.2 External filtering may be totalizing, in the form of annihil-

ation (i.e. kill commands directed towards particular addresses), or

fragmenting, in the form of folder and other distributivities.



4 The ought of the protocol suite and its addresses is necessary to the

successful throughput of messages; this is the implementation of the

protocol, and carries no ethical weight, except that applied _external-

ly_ (i.e. it is "good" to have successful throughput). The ought of the

contents is contingent at best. Note that these oughts also possess a

fuzzy boundary, since a message contents, for example, may be given by

its _length,_ and spammed messages themselves carry information (i.e.

x's mailbox is full, x is behaving unethically, etc.) for the end-user

_in terms of throughput itself._ These message contents exist on a 

_meta-level,_ since the message framework topography is now carrying

information as well.



5 The message contents ought, the ethical ought, is _legislated_ else-

where than the protocol suite; it may then be _impelemented_ within the

suite. By _legislated,_ I refer to decisions external to the smooth

throughput functioning of the network - decisions based on social-ideo-

logical issues, not formal telecommunications issues. (Of course here,

as elsewhere, the boundaries are fuzzy.)



6 In other words, ethical issues involve _the internal filtering of the

data-stream contents,_ while telecommunications issues (or oughts) in-

volve the external establishment and operation of protocol suites across

the network carrying the data-stream contents within datagrams, segments,

and other packet types.



7 Finally, there is a lateral, not vertical, class-structure at work 

here, dependent upon computer management and protocol knowledge. An end-

user can easily filter or distribute incoming messages (a form of ought

based on contents) without knowing the protocol suite; a sysadmin is

necessary for a global filtering, and telecommunications engineers and

programmers are necessary for the establishment of the network in the

first place (complete with its protocol suite ought). But these are

sociological considerations, varying from culture to culture, which need

not impinge on the overall problematic considered here.



7.1 And here as elsewhere, all the divisions, boundaries, and so forth,

are fuzzy. I would argue, in the long run, for a _core-theoretical 

approach_ to telecommunications, combined with human instrumentality

resulting in differing implementations, protocol suites, and internal/

external filtering. Consider this a form of neo-platonism of the real

transgressed by the ontology of information, combined with enough heur-

istics to make the whole thing work.



