







Designations





At three in the morning I heard the men arguing outside the window,

three stories below. It was a cool night in late October. I looked

out and down, towards the busstop under the yellow light. The sky 

was dark. I saw two strong men arguing about space. One of them held

up a set of keys, yelling that they were his own and not hers. The

other said they belonged to the landlord, neither hers nor his. The

men yelled for a while. They were beautiful. The first man went

towards the middle of the street, circling the other. He went back

and forth circling the other. He moved his arms and he was like

Marlon Brando or Paul Robeson. His body moved in every part and 

every part danced deliberately although not slowly and not smoothly.

The other man leaned against the busstop sign. He moved quietly and

hesitantly, intensely following the first with his body, his whole

body. The men moved with their body. The arguments grew louder and

I returned to the window. They began fighting and I thought to my-

self, two men fighting. I had heard about men fighting and these men

fought on the side and in the center of the street, then not at all.

They fought again, removing their brown jackets and some cards fell

from one of the jackets and on to the street. They continued to fight

and there seemed to be love and grace in the fighting and nothing came

down the street to interfere. Near the corner two police cars pulled up

and the fight stopped, the men stood. The men stood near the cops who

were of all colors. The men said they were uncle and nephew and they

had been drinking four beers. The men said that the other man started

it. The older man was the nephew of the younger and the younger man

said that the older man should respect his uncle. The cops helped the

men get their jackets and their cards and the things scattered on the

street. The nephew walked away down the street away from the police

cars and towards his home and the other man waited for the bus after

the police had left and then left with the bus and the street was 

empty. I was amazed by the grace of these men, all of them, moving

and circling in the street, and how like a play life is when it is

three in the morning and isolated. And I thought to myself, this is

what life is about and these are men who have taught me that. These

were men who were surrounding each other and fighting and then stand-

ing and no one was hurt. These were men fighting about room to fight

in and there was never any room in Brooklyn. There never is any room

in Brooklyn, but there is room for these bodies and their intensities

and their movements and right above them the wires carried this post

out into unknown corners of cyber-cyberspace.





