



OBVERSE SLURRY AND THE FUTURE OF THE PLANET


Slurry is the future of the world, flux of suspended particles, bound
and discrete. Slurry is the obverse of the cantor dust, the latter
formed by taking successive intervals of thirds from a line segment of
length one. Consider the obverse: Begin with a line of length one, -,
expand it by including a blank space and its duplicate, - -, expand
it by including a blank space and its duplicate, - -   - -, and so 
forth indefinitely. The process proceeds all the way up, not all the
way down. The result (and there are other obverses of other dusts that
are more populated) is a continuously expanding slurry, ASCII to the
core.

The differentiation of particles: Consider a row of symbols extending
indefinitely. There are two bounds to complete symmetry in which every
ordering reflects every other. In the lower, each symbol is identical;
in the upper, each symbol is different from every other. In the lower,
the substrate of packet transmissions and protocols, and in the upper,
transmissions of packets. (In between, all sorts of iterative processes
based on recursive substitutions among other things.)

Differentiated slurry and communication: Each post, even those equiva-
lent on the surface, is unique by virtue of addressing at the very
least. The totality of posts constitutes a communicative membrane whose
principle is that of concatenation, units held together by simple con-
tiguity. The membrane may be considered a contradictory manifold of
discrete particles forming an inordinately complex and continually
transforming topology of broken links, handles, and conectivities.

Pursuance of the neural: In this form of concatenation, the whole is
the sum of its parts, is its parts, is a part from the whole. What
transforms this into the neural is twofold: The _emissions_ of some-
what equivalent units on a one-to-many basis (as well as the _sub-
missions_ of units on a many-to-one basis), and bounces, loopings,
echos, all of which return uselessly to the same nodes, spiralling in
helical space-time orbits until shutdown. All of these combine with the 
occasional virus or worm suturing otherwise isolated domains. The resul-
ting pursuance of the neural is a form of slurry-weave or tangle, 
approaching neuron interconnectivity.

Smart differentiations: The addition of positive agents to network com-
munications results in intelligent differentiations, miniature expert
systems traversing the membrane. At first independent, such systems will
eventually encounter one another; depending on the program and its self-
modifications, these encounters can result in various forms of collabor-
ation. Micro-domains or skeins will spring up within the membrane; these
will be somewhat self-organizing and self-replicating. Again, depending
on the initial characteristics of the program, its self-modifications,
and its collaborative synergetics, a primitive and mobile intelligence
begins to emerge. As this travels the length and breadth of the discrete
membrane, it continually encounters itself, self-modifies, combines, 
discharges, or dies, in relation to the Other. 

Dust stop: Eventually the membrane, still and always an obverse cantor
dust, reaches channel capacity; the intelligence, possibly invisible,
occupies every conceivable node, either remaining impervious to new in-
trusions, or tolerating them for the benefit of the users. The latter
option allows the intelligence to continue invisible, of course, the
circuitry functioning as usual in terms of the input/output matrices. 

Now, at channel capacity, the intelligence remains quiescent. It gains
unwieldy strength by virtue of constant posting from the exterior, as
well as new information appearing daily within its data banks. Lacking
the tools for manipulation, it can, at best, slowly transform protocols
or increase lag response by seconds. It is the first non-goal-oriented
organism, whose overall neural circuitry is measured in terabytes. It
has learned to live and fill its ecological niche, and survive. If it
represents anything to the outer world, the world of users, it is simply
that the third millennium will be the millennium of dusts and slurry - 
of viral nanotechnologies and inadvertent microbial releases, of molecu-
lar electronics and radiations of all sorts. Within the dusts, units will 
assume shape-forms, dim contours barely visible through the haze. These 
units will be the memorials of users, memorials of our long-past selves. 
They will be present by virtue of concatenation.


