







Heterosexual Desire, White, Reproduction, Myself





Dear Clara,



You say to me do I know know myself, and what have I done in these years

when the tree says otherwise. But this is the moment of the simplex, 

each vector equivalent, each node attached, maw-like, to every other. 

The simplex lives in fear of abandonment; turning inward, it guarantees

a continuous concourse exacerbated with the outside world. Not so the

octahedron, every point on one or another orthogonal coordinate, equi-

distant from the center. O the center is a star. O the center motivates

otherwise, all are confluent. My work revolves around the simplex, 

fearful, filled with knowledge and little wonder. The wonder of it is

the knowledge, for the center itself is unwieldy.



When I shave my body I am _this pink thing_ which knows itself, gnaws

itself, from the outside in. I am only given the outside, and there is

one path through the root. Knowledge turns secrecy and sublimation into

the prosthetics of the absolute; what raises itself does so by virtue

of the splint. Think of wooden hinges, tape, bandaging. But think of the

beauty of pink tumescence as well, the sheen of light immersed in the 

outer layers of fragile membranes, less fragile skin.



The prosthetics of the absolute are hardly sublime; lying within texts,

they raise themselves as the indexicality of language intensifies, 

pointing outside, inward, pointing elsewhere, spraying itself, emissions

of sound and sight.



One glance from you / cuts me in two

Two looks from you / and I am hole.



Was this written by a man or woman, and where is the difference made?

Shaved, I am beauty-thing, open and absolute everywhere, which is to say

_this_ thing among others, hardly absolute. (Hard absolutely is hardly

absolute, and neither are sublime.) Masochism proceeds from the origin

of all things; it is being. As for sadism? There is hardly a relation-

ship; if it is becoming, it is that of the master of course, and the

slave is placed under the double indemnity of becoming (herself/himself)

the mirror image, as if the text hardly mattered. The text of the slave

is always already one of withdrawal, the anonymity of history, terror,

and chance.



But this beauty thing, this pure skin, this pink.



Alan





