



How does the body know it's alive? Breaks open up tissue to atmosphere,

channels are disconnected, circumlocuted. It's clear that whatever 

wound it is, the body surrounds it. If a planarian is cut into two, 

there are two surrounds, two responses. The wound, in spite of birth, is

never originary, but is always localized, a re-orientation of the body

and the body's internal mapping. Systems kick in, close off, cauterize,

the abyss. (It's as if an enormous lidded eye opened up, too close for

comfort, reading the wound, and the wound's abject.) What is closed  

must be bridged, lidded, the making of a new organicity that can only

mimic the body's growth in the first place. The body adds to itself,

the denouement of a violent conversation with the other. 



But, nameless for the most part, the body knows its boundary, rushing

to the breach. And this knowing is the beginning of names, a beginning

even before sight (the sightless flora and fauna also have powers of

healing and scarring). Everything knows, within limits, how to close

off within limits, and this is the definition of life.



(Is the scar _otherwise_ than the original? For the most part, yes. But

there may be cases of an invisible blending... The _otherwise,_ please

note, participates in the chaotic domain; it is part ordered, part

effusive. For the scar is a hardening and effusion of tissue, mimicking,

in fact, the tumor or cancer. Perhaps disorder is at the heart of gram-

matology?)



Finally, there are no scars in cyberspace, only thwarted packets, kills,

deletes, discards. A cartoon universe full with the unconscious, with

desire, with injuries to the soul. But cybermind is so much speechify-

ing, not yet ready for that great intrusion of body into body, fear of 

sexual abandon, fear of life and death themselves. One exists in limbo

in cyberspace; if there is even an _image_ of _Scar,_ it is the body's

unity and substance, cut off from the world of real lives and atmos-

pheres, and existing only as memory, within the relative vacuum of the 

residue of signs.



