







PATH TOWARDS VOID TOWARD TRUE KNOWLEDGE TOWARDS MOUTH

FILLED WITH DESIRE TOWARDS ARMPITS FILLED WITH TOPPLING 

WORLDS





Something about the paths that pain takes through the body - tension

in the back and shoulders, something about travelling down the arm,

the intermittent tensions of the fingers, knuckles compressed - the

tingling of constricted blood flow, pale skin sloughing from the bone.



Blood spurts from the paths. Blood makes them. Where the blood flows

is the path where the blood flows.



I want a suit designed with special apparatus, keeping all my holes

open, exposing my secrets. My mouth hides what I have to say; the suit

reveals it. I am a tunnel on the path through time. I am invisible.



If I told you the specificities of my genitals, dimension and weight

of the penis and testicles, aroused and unaroused, distinguishing

features, would you know me? Or my face on the verge of sudden and

violent death, the car hurtling full speed down the suburban street?



The blood pushes against the limits of the bag. The blood is freed,

arcs towards the curb, towards the bicycle of a child, little girl's

dress and lawnmower.



The path my blood takes slows almost to a halt; the left-frontal lobe

throbs again. Ceronetti says, in The Silence of the Body, "Every day,

behind fragile shelters all over the earth, part of humanity sheds

blood from an obscure wound. The Moon is the killer." But why _obscure?_

Mary Jane Lipton, in Menstruation and Psychoanalysis, points out that,

according to Helene Deutsch, "At its most extreme, menstruation is

associated with internal damage, even dismemberment: 'In the anxieties

provoked by the sight or imagined presence of blood, the idea of being

torn and dismembered internally plays an extremely important part.'"



I ask myself, where is this text going; what path does it take? Lupton

concludes her text as follows: "'Creative waste': the phrase recapit-

ulates the ambivalence toward women's blood in _Menstruation and

Psychoanalysis,_ ranging from Carl Jung's 'creative mana' to Otto

Fenichel's 'first pollution.' I use it to affirm the menstrual powers,

in a world where the spinning planets and the flowing sea are threat-

ened with extinction, and the female values implicit in menstruation

are in mourning."



_Months pass without a sign._



The blood forces itself from my limbs, my brain. My penis is an empty

sack, useless accretion, a certain plasticity of memory. The pits of

my arms are shallow; the cup of the world falls out, bleeding the 

floor. Once, a woman painted her blood on me, face, arms, legs, chest

and genitals, my anatomy exposed. This was the closest to death, dark,

and delirium, the exposure of secrets, lost flesh, circulations. Blood

inverted me, opened my holes. My mouth filled with blood. I was spoken-

for; I understood speech, could not force myself from under it.



The anatomic projection of all of this, mappings upon the subterranean

body, wires glancing against death's gleamed presence. This has nothing

to do with women; how could it?



My body is a marketplace for the values of others. A useless sack, I am

rendered useless to myself. The wires take their paths through me;

thinned and forced into the net, they do their damage there. There is

no me, only paths. There are reiterations, obscurities. Somewhere "I a

woman" collapses, equally useless. The blood of women is in my veins.

I walk on one or another path. I balance on the wires.



