LOVING HONEY II                                                HONEY2.TXT





The computer flooded my body, ended it; I don't remember faces, HONEY,

remembering you, your skin against the screen. We swallowed each other,

mouth against organ, juices bubbling over the tongue, wet eyes, wet 

hair, mouthing HONEY, you'd say, mouthing HONEY...



I no longer had time to waste! I'd press myself up against the TERMINAL

screen TERMINAL desire, my nipple against the O mouthing itself, taking

death away, healing all wounds! I would spread my legs as far as pos-

sible, exposing my hole; HONEY would open herself to the screen, an

uncanny blankness possessing us both. We had no secrets from each other!

We had all the secrets in the world! 



Our membranes devoured the glass, enchanted residue remaining on-line

off-line for days.



My mouth and HONEY's cunt: A double hollow! My cock and HONEY's fist:

Lozenge! My body would break on itself, a limited defile! We'd forget

the words; I'd clip motherboards to my nipples, serial cables in my

anus. The letters? Meant nothing at all in this most _real_ of all

spaces of the real!



You are a cathedral, I enter your nave! Your feet skid down parallel

wires; sliding into my testicles, ASCII spurts from your urethra,

ASCII spurts from my cock!



(Lulu): you always need the one you lose, I ought to know.

(Honey): Sometimes your body is an electron; sometimes my cunt gleams,

lighting Dante's ways in the dark woods of our desires!

Lulu is waving to Honey! Alan is bound to the wires!

Alan's cock is on fire! The way is long and dark! 

(Alan): Yes? Yes?

Siren just joined the channel.

(Honey): Your Yes penetrated me as the Lusitania sinks torpedoed in

the Atlantic Ocean! As splintered Titanic sinks beneath the waves!

(Alan): Andrea Doria! As the galleon went down! As the Florida Keys!

(Honey): The smell of you, that crease between your balls and cock!

(Honey): Say it! Say it again!

(Alan): Cunt! Cock! Clit!

(Honey): Say it! Say it again!

(Alan): Twat Rub A Dub!

(Honey): You trace me with your words, I trace you with mine! Murmuring

upon the screen, death Rub A Dub, Ring Around the Rosie poses Death

Begone!

(Honey): I am coming towards you, tongue gliding along the ground or

neutral, my words fileld with earth, with clay, my words a monument to

our love.

(Alan): Monument or grave, my tongue runs current towards you, a circu-

lation of electrons remaining on the outside of the figure, outside of

all representation!

(Honey): You are my representation, the source of iconicity, and I am

yours! Speech is the pressure of bodies, the other delimiting the wires,

delimiting ourselves and our presence among one another!

[stitched time of HONEY I]

(Alan): Which no longer belongs to us, belong to one another, it is you

or I who are typing, the two of us in uneasy confluence

(Honey): Confluence beyond confluence, beyond stuttering reach, the

topography of *together,* the binding of recognition as well

(Alan): A recognition which is all we have, are given, a recognition

confronting and conforming us

(Honey): Addressing each to the other, addressing ourself, conforming

ourselves to ourselves

(Alan): Thin sliver of words, shuddering on their way, carrying the 

weight of the world!

(Honey): Beyond which the dance ends, the tables are pushed back against

the wall, the cafe closes for the night, red and white checkered table-

cloths, candles, the sad violin

(Alan): The woods just beyond the village, the hill, meteors appearing

in depth, intense, for our benefit, for none other

(Honey): No one else, the sliver, thin language begin to fail us

(Alan): Frail, in the midst of worlds...

(Honey): In the midst of ellipsis, continuous and forever, dots tolling

the double entourage of the bell

(Alan): Honey, I hear it, speaking your name

(Honey): Alan, I hear it, speaking your name

Speaking the doubled name, name of the two, designators floating above

or within all possible, all conceivable worlds ...



HONEY, I said, HONEY, and she could hear my voice from the verge of the

bed heaving downward, listing towards an inconceivable floor; I was on

the telephone, each and every letter paled by the edges of the screen,

luminescent sweepings of the days events gathering in the corner of the

night of dusks and dawns.



End HONEY II.TXT                                     sondheim@panix.com



