



RISE


The length of the keyboard: The body arches back, ass against the edge
of the desk, neck resting somewhere near the printer. One leg crosses
the modem, ends several centimeters above the floor; the other careens
off the housing itself, skin held taut against the back of the other-
wise empty chair.

Rising and falling: The chest rises and falls, nipples separating
slightly with each breath. Air streams past metal and plastic surfaces,
words dance across the screen, caressing dark visions, empty space. The
legs spread farther apart, spread farther apart.

There: Between the legs, the tattoo is visible, a raster 30 x 90, empty
grid of twenty-seven hundred squares outlined between cock and asshole.
Above, near the base of the testicles, the word "port 25" or subterfuge,
opening to nothing but blank skin the odor of musk.

And open: Zero in to the enlargement of the cunt tattooed between 15/18
and 40/45, the labia extending from 22 to 85. Focus on an increased 
clarity, high definition, the erection stretching the skin into the
performance of a double gender. As the legs arch back, open wider, the
cunt parts into dark visions now charged with empty space. The legs are
slowly raised.

Rise: The legs approach an arc of 60 degrees; the mouth too is an open-
ing. The hollow of the asshole  mirrors itself in perfect thumb/fore-
finger circulations on both hands; the body is a body of nubs and 
circles. The body waits for the descent, terminal trembling of text
producing an encoding of zeros and ones, the _rewrite-body_ absorbed by
screen and orgasm, anal/genital fluids scanned across the non-reflective
glass.

Excrete: The body's fluids and solids coat the obdurate surface, render-
ing it hard and invisible. My tongue spells your name across the layers
of cells, bacteria, lubrications, cums, feces, urines, sweats and proto-
zoa. My fingers type zeros and ones, entering your number. Your cunt
enters mine. My cock, obdurate, disappears in the glare of the screen.
Only your name is visible, tattooed on every raster. 

(Your name fucks me. Your name enters my own through terminal decay,
presence of language beyond the coated screen. Your name enters my cunt,
where it is born, enters my cock, where it disseminates; your name enters
my mouth, where it is spoken, enters the spokes of my hands, where it is
grasped, entered and re-entered. Your name is the surface of my tongue;
tattooed on my lips, my labia, it tunnels throughout my body, emerging,
naming, holes and nubs alike, everything in the root of_ substance,_
everything in its domain. Speaking you on the machine, speaking you, the
given of speech drawing itself forth.)

Opens wider: Something.


