





THE DISASTER OF DOING OR BEING DONE TO





The first time we had sex she peed on me, her body held at a rigid angle,

her clothes on, soaking the space between her legs, her pants, my chest, 

groin, nipples. She pressed herself into the liquid pooling against the 

lower abdomen, pressed hard; I was erect, my cock chafed on wet cloth, 

dripping with fluids. The next time, it was against my hand, and the time 

after, my body flooded with her, until there was nothing left, the feel-

ing gone, decathected. She decathected, turned towards another revolving 

stage, turned inward. That ended, pants dried, cock shriveled at half the 

length, woke up again, weeks later, for penetration. On top of her, my 

body remained at a rigid angle, obtusity above the horizontal; frozen, 

the shots held me for all time until that proved to be the end of it.



She poured herself upon me, menses savaged, hysteric and thick, smeared 

across the abdomen, arms, legs, chest, face, run into the hair, the body

caked with blood spoors, streaks and spears of it, swords and shards of

it. The skin curled against coagulation, dried moments held to the record 

of absent fury. I coursed through her veins and arteries. The photographs 

proved the existence of mouths open, full, sheets outlined with inert 

memories, the stains of half-truths, thought wobbled against the real, 

of or within the real. Decathected, later three of us roamed the silver 

grains, bodies developed in the world of film, thrown up and out, that 

was it. Green film dried in the projector or I used a cleaner with lubri-

cant. It never ran out on the floor; chattering, it could hardly speak.



She drew a cunt between my legs, uselessly inserted myself into myself,

hermaphroditic Odin reaching for the runes, finding the barrier of sub-

terfuge and skin. She told me stories of exposing herself; I encouraged

her, both of us shaven, devouring our bodies, narcissism short-circuited

in the realm of triple interpenetrated rings; the three of us were lost

in the two of us, her gaze holding us taut. Tied, my mouth was flooded.

The video opened my hole, cunt and ass alike. 



She shoved her fingers into me, three then four of them, turning them

around. She told me she wanted to bind me tight, an audience watching,

suck me off until I passed out. She spanked me, direct on the anus. She

turned away from me, there was nothing left of me. There was no thought

left, nothing even ragged. I'd melt into the carpet, into the audience,

melt into the wall or window, into the sea itself. It was the absence of

thought like the absence of body in cyberspace. It was the being-done-to

or collapsing the space, or the doing-to of cybertalk, cyberwhisper, 

making space, space for the talk and the whisper. Space and body breathed

between the two realms, doubled arched, always already a distance between 

the two of them. Ontology gaped wide open like a maw from an animal half-

ghost, half-real, or half-man half-woman. The parts never fit and I knew 

there weren't parts, just clots on the body, on the bed, clothes, on the 

skin itself. This was dissolution bodywork, body-lost, mind-lost. I was 

sucked back into the urethra. I emerged from the mouth, thought-balloon 

and just long enough to beg for a room of one's own.





