





Phonecalls from the Dead, Mourning, Melancholia





The first call spoke of her anguish, recounting abuse at an early age

from father and brother; each succeeding call expanded the circle of

violence, until the whole town was involved. Everything increased; the

last call, however, was different. She was clean, had reconciled with

her parents, stopped going to analysis. And she was going to be killed.



I had the one premonition while at college, rushing to the phone, try-

ing desperately to call her. When I reached her dormitory, I was told

she had just attempted suicide, and when I reached her in the hospital,

the doctors put the phone up to her ear, and I calmed her down.



Night after night, the double voices called into the office. I was in

the process of separating from my wife, and the voices mocked me, would

never cease. In one hour, I counted sixty-eight phonecalls. The police

were never able to solve the case, nor the subsequent vandalism. I know

who did it.



She lived in a trailer park with a one-armed man and warned me that she

was psychotic, and still the phonecalls went back and forth, back and

forth, until I arrived in the mountains. She came naked to the door, 

and during the day and a half I was there, dodging one of the men who

felt she belonged to him, we never had sex. And after that, I never

trusted anyone, not even the telephone.



I think of the melancholic relationship with these women, struggling 

myself to clear the lines, press up close to the receiver, leaving an

imprint on my face, the face of the other. You'll never know, she

whispered to me as I left her, you'll never know what you'll be missing.

The second call came from the hospital from a friend of a friend, an

obligatory report of death threats made against me. You'll never know,

you'll never know. I imagined disembodied violence from one end of 

the neighborhood to another, speaking the words of transformation.



The phone is always the truth of the phone. I would search out the 

chora of the voice, losing myself, my self-hatred, web-inverting myself

through the wires which always promised pleasure and a body sutured

through the presence of speech alone. Life is a slow mourning of the 

voice, this voice we have already lost, unrecoverable, stumbling in a 

faux-world we construct, hysterically, hour after hour. There is a 

melancholia on the net, ex-machina, ex-cathedra voices echoing their own 

longing. On alt.angst they telephone in from the cold, expecting no one 

to listen, and so many of the posts have no replies.



The posts expanding, filling up the space of the neighborhood, of the

telephone. The posts expanding, taking into account that no one will be

listening. Self-reflexive, they proclaim melancholy and abjection to

those anorectic of speech, returning phonemes to stuttered and unrecup-

erated sound. They know this; it is the source of their melancholy.



The source of their melancholy is Van Gogh's castration of his ear, a

faux-gift itself, the beginning of the dismemberment of the language or

symbolic of the world. Van Gogh could no longer use the telephone, which

connoted pain before anything else to him, uneasy reminder of unrequited

love, that voice conjuring up the party-line, cajoling, the flat smell

of bakelite and black enamel against his hands and broken flesh. The

early phone of wood and plastic. Houdini would never call from the 

grave. Houdini was a relative.



Disappearing, only her voice remains. And all those times I pleaded with

her to return, holding back my cries or making them evident, hammering

them in, corraling abandonment in the midst of primitive vengeance. Now 

I flee myself from guilt, which haunts the ear, vocal modes hovering 

near death and extinction. On the telephone, the wires connect, analog

transforms rubbed between the two of us, the dream of continuous copper,

carbon, electronic murmuring. On the net, everything disconnects; the

space falters, devolves as the modem is switched off or the server 

grinds to a halt. The text is damaged into disassembly, reassembly, 

packet switching collapsing the continuity of organism already at the

gates of death. On the telephone, we are, and speak in order to become;

on the net, we become, and write in order to be.



Sometimes the dead call us in our dreams and we remember what they say

to us, and the next day, we say what they have told us to say, of our

own ignorance and our own freewill. Sometimes the dead call and call

us in our dreams, and we are filled with speech, which we enact upon

waking, whole baskets of speech, lakes and oceans of it. We begin to

live for the dreams, unconsciously, and we begin to hear these voices,

as she did, day after day. And we begin to speak them, and in this way

make them our own.





