





THE BUFFALO





Tiffany rode the jeep into the terminal, screen black on black or

screen four-by four. I wanted, I said turning towards the dust on the

soles of her feet, I wanted you. I wanted, I wanted to quote, to talk

you the talk of the older writing, when there were no screens. When 

desert was the moment into the sun when the flesh burned off. Now

everything's scroll, your name confronts me, I suck the letters of 

your name, suck the air for lines winding down the glass. I can't see

the sun for the life of it; words burrow into me, scratch your skin-

lines deeper than I ever wanted to go. I moved towards the depression

where the tar pit lay, water-buffalo on their sides mewling for help.

So then the writing came:



The Buffalo: Meaning is our despair.

The Buffalo: There are no signs and no signifiers.

The Buffalo: Nothing can be assembled from chaotic debris.



But: The natural condition of the real is absolutely meaningless.

But: The copula. Tiffany and I rolled across each other, rolled each

other's lips into the dust of the desert, cracks of the desert, debris

and sand of the desert, water-buffalo mewling, suffocating, drowning

in the darkened interiors slowly grinding to a halt.



The Buffalo: The copula exists only as substance.

The Buffalo: The copula is not an implication of substance, but is (and 

does not produce) the substance of language, which is not the same thing

as sonority.



But she filled me with tar, filled her with the same. Healing up, move-

ment slowed down like the omega-point, oh, we'd live forever. Up through

the anal, penile canals, the instestines, penis hardened in permanent 

erection, testicles frozen in the black edges of the pit. Copula copula-

tion. So then it began.



Naked, Copula Copulation ran across the sand. Her long dark hair flowed

across your face like sand, or tar. She was there, wet dream of the 

bull, gift to others of herself, but giving the stone which my hardened

body was to any taker. So then. So then a dreaming because I thought I

heard her, ears choked with tar tornado:



CC: The deadening of the copula permits the displacement of the despair

of meaning, its relegation elsewhere.

CC: Despair is continuous and death is the only noun.

CC: The noun is the limitation of the verb. The noun remains within the

sentence organized against the verb.

The Buffalo: You're sentenced to death for the BUILT ENVIRONMENT.



I was sentenced to death for the BUILT ENVIRONMENT. I was sentenced to

death by the tar and the copula of the tar, fucked by B.E., Tiffany

filled to the brim, sword of the self-swallowed-sword of the self. The

last I heard of it, wheels on terminal four-by-four run across mewling

buffalo, the last was before the scroll shut down this breath:



Buffalo: The verb prevaricates (Tiffany, dancing the tar into me!);

death is the function of the noun.

Buffalo: (Tiffany, remembering that silence, violation-fabric, dark-tar

dark-star real) There are no signs of anything at all.



