





AIRLESS





Airless is not the same as vacuum; airless is without life or organism,

suffocating, only a lack of oxygen. I am sure that the inert gasses

flood through me, but air is home, and these are not home, not now, at

any rate. But I want to speak to the condition of the air, and find 

fault at last with cyberspace, which is barren, without the hot or cold

of a starry night. In this mood, swung against the air, I wrote the

following hard-by on the Net, jealous of those still-copper wires carry-

ing the signal from my house, through a chill autumn night, to Clara

Hielo Internet...



I've been glum tonight, thinking about Maine - when I was young I went to 

camp there and the stars and milky way were incredible and I saw a comet, 

hung out all night with a friend in the cold watching it. I just remember 

how crystalline everything was, and how I already knew how complex. There 

are these memories and they seem to be the records of a dying man somehow 

- the heat of the sand around Eilat in Jerusalem for example, or walking 

the woods with my father always leading, and now he's 80. I need to get 

out of here, get some air, and cyberspace is nothing but airless, that's 

probably the major difference with reality - the vacuum which extends 

even into the terminal screen. There was a creek and swamp by the camp 

and I'd see beaver and muskrats, all sorts of animals and fish. My heart 

stopped beating every time one of the waitresses walked by. Now these 

memories are just useless, dead things themselves, and I feel totally 

lifeless in Brooklyn, useless to myself and others, except through the 

damn keyboard. Everyone must have these things happen to her, whole 

worlds of memories, intensities, collapsing at a moment's notice. But if 

I could only go back, not to childhood, but to the smell of the sand or 

its heat, or the brittle stars. Ah, Clara, I want to travel; the thought 

of doing it alone is just another barren thought. I'd love to convince 

you to go on the road early summer, early winter, if you have the time. 

It might just be me and the hour but I believe that all of us would like 

to go back to earths, certain earths, or just the weight of the sky 

lifted (it's heavier in the city) to some glassine proportion that would 

take an Emily Dickinson to describe...



(Has my writing leveled off, harbored itself within a marshland, depths

of silt and wilderness? For a moment it pauses in the eddies, takes 

stock of this uncanny space before proceeding. A momentary hiatus, it

adds the natural and its excess to a more hardened positioning. There

must be ground enough to stand on...)



