





Rules of Writing in Cyberspace



1 When replying, quote only when necessary. Stick to the subject-line

of the thread.

2 Reply only when what you have to say contributes to a discussion.

Replies such as "I agree" simply take up space.

3 Remember that flaming does not contribute to a discussion and, in 

fact, can bring it to a halt. Flaming is never a substitute for a good

argument.

4 Refrain from surrealisms of all sorts which annihilate an almost-

dying world of communication. The love of words is not the Word of Love!

5 Remember that we are all part of an honest, genuine, and authentic

community.

6 Remember: everyone will always use his or her real identity, and 

including yourself. A false identity is a dead post (see #8, 10).

7 Remember that words mean exactly what they say they mean.

8 Remember that a message can contain only honest feelings, and that

anything otherwise would be technically prohibited from transmission.

9 The Net is the only place for the consummation of genuine encounter.

10 Write an accurate description of yourself and you will be rewarded;

write an inaccurate description, and your message will never reach its

destination.

11 Present yourself to the fullest, refusing to hide behind the invisi-

bility of text; kindly give your compassion to everyone replying.

12 Spend time with your writing; caress it like an absent lover.

13 Remember that the Net is a mirror of your own mind.

14 Quote emoticons freely, doubling or tripling them to indicate the

degree of merriment or ill-humor of the moment.

15 Assume that flowers grow between letters, meadows among words, whole

forests in the midst of phrases.

16 Each of your posts is a young infant destined to remain stillborn 

unless soliciting the hungry breast of a correspondent.

17 Post no chain letters which are destined to cost the impoverished and

anger those who have not read the anecdote of the king, the grain of 

corn, and the chessboard.



A king offered his daughter to a knight. Or the knight could have some

grain. The knight said to the queen. O I would have grain. Place it on a

chessboard, each square twice the previous. Little did the kind king

know so many grains are 2^64 that there are more than there could have

ever been. But the post is such that the board is covered by the seven-

teenth square so no one could count more and the post could not get

through to the right address. So the daughter married the knight.



18 Assume a world of truth, not falsehood; a universe of clarity, not

dissension; an honest emotion makes an honest person. 

19 Refrain from sexual innuendo unless you are offering yourself to

anyone who replies, in which case describe your body to the fullest.

21 "Die Welt is alles, was der Fall ist." "Die Welt ist die Gesamtheit

der Tatsachen, nicht der Dinge." (The world is all that is the case.

The world is the totality of facts, not of things.) Wittgenstein.

22 Every post is a fact. Include in the body of the post only what you

would include in your own body.

23 And remember that while falsehood might be said to exist, in fact

it does not.





