





SENTIENCE





There have been numerous discussions here as elsewhere concerning an

emerging sentience on the Net as a whole. These discussions describe

the Net as a membrane or web, possibly capable of a synergetic leap

into consciousness, either in itself or in relation to the tiny con-

sciousnesses that inhabit the nodes. The assumption is that a many-

to-many discourse must lead to _something,_ particularly if the dis-

course is mediated by sufficiently complex equipment.



However, what occurs all-too-often in reality is an enormous core-

dump, clogging the communications channels, and slowing things down,

a phenomenon known as _lag,_ with further destructive operations such

as meltdowns and black holes. And if one looks at neural modelling, it

becomes apparent that both thresholds and complicated feedback loop-

ings are present. On the Net, loopings are necessary for echo commands

as well as robust communications protocols which demand both handshak-

ing and responses from host to host. But these protocols are designed

to be precisely the opposite of neural networking, since they are 

based on oppositions such as send/reply, receive/did not receive, and

beyond this, the loops are problematic (the black holes being one such

destructive category). 



And it is hard to see how the telecommunications protocols would lend

themselves to neural networking (except in the small perhaps, i.e.

intelligent routers) in a form that would approach sentience at all.

Instead, the most that will occur is a form of expert system archi-

tecture which would be useful for bandwidth management and so forth.



One can make a rough distinction between surface and depth syntactical

structures, the latter required for message transmission, and the for-

mer existing within the data proper. Thus the checksum is part of the

depth structure, while an email message is part of the surface. Con-

firmations are part of depth, as are requests which connect between 

surface and depth. The many-to-many discourse is surface, and may be

conceived of as a gathering of invisible voices, almost an open field

within which users wander, speaking to one or to many, and listening

in turn. Conceive of this as a multi-tasked multiplexed open field in

which users may be doing different things or the same thing simultan-

eously or individually, except for speaking itself, which is individ-

ual - and one has a model for cyberspace.



Clearly such a model leads to jamming, to group concordance, to sets 

of mostly unenforceable rules in the form of Netiquette, and there may

be contact or communicative "highs" among the participants, but this is

a long way from sentience. In fact, this is a step "below" group con-

sciousness such as might be found for example in a crowd, since lag and

individuation, as well as the absence of bodies, in cyberspace mitigates

against any such consciousness.



Writing however turns or returns wildly, as the surface structure writes

or rewrites the user into the space; an open channel is the construct of

such a space. The user is produced only as inscription, and in cyber-

space even the unconscious is structured as a language. There is also 

the issue (which, like much of the above, I have presented in detail 

elsewhere) of indexical embodiment, the semiotics of the surface struc-

ture read indexically as a means of ascertaining the presence or embodi-

ment of the other, a form of reading between the lines - not towards any

subtext, but towards the inscribing-body itself. This is the singularity

body - the body of the individual inscribing, not a group or meta-body.

And this is the spill of the inscribing-body in terms, for example, of

Net sex, Net flame, Net ennui, Net suicide.



One dreams and dreams continuously of an other sentience to free us of

our loneliness, our isolation, especially poignant in our use of cyber-

space. Any form of sentience from the outset, from the outside, envelop-

ing us in a full space of a maternal presymbolic, would not only be wel-

come but healing, suturing the subject by devolving him or her of time,

history, place, and the proper name. And this space may in fact open up

as the result of massive computation in virtual reality, but it would be

a different space than Net sentience or cyberspace in any current mani-

festation. Even in the future, this different space would necessarily be

cyborgian, and would this then be a release or a further imprisonment, 

requiring the machine-upon-our-backs in order to make us "feel whole," 

one again, or for all time?



