





JOAN.NOVEL.





Rising in the early morning, the world and world's end still dark as

if peering beneath sleepy eyelids, JOAN's supine and languorous body

underwent a remarkable transformation, slowly assuming a delicate, yet

gracious position underlined by her sister, KAY, as practically a

painting in motion. Day after day, her body followed the same course

beneath the sun or moon or cloudy sky; the white satin sheets would

slowly renounce the harbor of their clinging, moving like waterfalls

or tiny sails across her limbs, gathering speed as the surface of the

mattress approached them with lovely accuracy. Joan carried herself

into memory, the memory of a grace dawning for the first time, a grace

which HONEY would never be able to achieve. In fact, HONEY was a

perfect study for JOAN, a study in an envious affectation, and the two

of them were inseparable.



HONEY, too, had her uncanny abilities - drawing nearer and nearer to

someone special, an emotional magnet intensifying as the source

enveloped and caressed the breasts of the sky itself, raising sex,

love, and desire to an infinite power. If JOAN were a soft white with

highlights, HONEY was a darkling maroon, close, but not equivalent to,

the colour of blood. And KAY? A pale emboldened yellow, not yet at

ease with the world, but wise, ever so wise. It was to KAY that frail

sorcery appealed as the night approached, each and every night, KAY

who enveloped JOAN and HONEY in mutual comfort, love, and admiration,

KAY who weakened body and mind alike in her quest for an absolute

perfection, sought in the presence of the others. Upon rising, KAY

moved almost fawnlike, invisible in the reddened morning's first

dreamy rays, the beginning of a solitude in the midst of friends and

lovers. Upon speaking, KAY murmured in a beautiful whisper, audible

even at a distance, as if her need for incantation reached across both

space and time.



HONEY loved, loved the feel of light caressing her, flowing between

her open arms and legs, flowing in rainbow streams from lips to lips,

mouth to womb, a perfect semicircle or universe always watched with

quiet happiness by JOAN and KAY. Yet the rainbow shuddered near the

peak of its tenuous and evanescent arch, swayed from side to side; the

rainbow divided and redivided here, a shower of colored sparks,

fragile and always muted, joined together at the beginnings and

endings of silent journeys within the flesh itself. HONEY supported

the skein or network of all the constellations, HONEY was the desire

of JOAN and KAY, the knowledge of HONEY was soft like moss. 



Rising, HONEY opened her body to JOAN and KAY, and, having no secrets,

allowed them the intimacy of secrecy, codes encrypted since the

beginning of love, time, and space, passwords all but forgotten in the

hazy early morning hour. And each of them would turn slowly, facing

the others, KAY facing HONEY and JOAN, JOAN facing KAY and HONEY, and

HONEY facing KAY and JOAN, streams of knowledge running like thin milk

across maroon curtains, and the parting of curtains leading to more

curtains, returning back to limbs visible and yearning in the sullen

light of the delicate sublime.



HONEY would part her lips, as if about to speak and KAY would murmur,

an imitation of perfection, sound following suit upon sound, while

JOAN only smiled, half-raised from the bed of sleep and irreality. A

lazy fingernail traced its way across her skin, a finger from someone

she thought, perhaps her own. HONEY and KAY, too, were traced as their

shadows gathered upon the edges of the sheets, replete with a

topography of their own. The silent moving of arms and hands, the head

quietly bending to one side, the slight smile upon KAY's lips, the

dark hair of JOAN streaming down, all contributed to the making of a

portrait full of wonder. Always, JOAN, KAY, and HONEY forgave each

other, as only they could; always the wrote and rewrote, lips tracing

lips, parallels upon a beautiful earth remembered only at the dawn and

dusk of sleep.



They were beautiful upon this beautiful earth, and a beautiful novel,

to which they would only smile. sondheim@newschool.edu



end.joan.novel







DRG.TXT



As an addict, I return to covering lost ground, covering my traces,

the extent of a drawn apology. 



Nothing is constructed but a reiteration hopefully constructing the

denuded sympathetic magaic of language itself.



Language is the first sympathy.



To cover a field is to examine a dangerous domain, which can be a

threat; flesh cowers at the first sign of the knife.



Knowledge covers its tracks.



I suspect that every theorist is in the process of rewriting her

language, the sound of her voice; nothing else so wonderfully occupies

the dominion of the world. 



Addiction is impossible delicacy with no room for everyday life;

theorists love parties as therapeutic and proof of the power of text.



Writing is a lean occupation, severed by the skeleton pumping the

fingers against the keys - and  writing is a form of unacknowledged

looking. Addiction terminates vision, skewers it in favor of THAT

THING halfway between the material and the imaginary. What you get is

what you see.



The inversion of theory is spreading my legs; they are identical. If

theory constructs what foreclosures, my body forcloses through the

violation of secrecy, the deviation of etiquette. If the world

dissipates its language through theory, the body dissipates the world

through spreading its legs.



Why legs; why not each and every organ? Because the mouth chatters to

the point of uselessness; it always already gainsays its speech,

producing the sputtering end of each and every syllable. The rest of

the body contains nothing; the anus and genitals possess the seeds of

addiction.



The comfort of addiction: The roof of articulate substance over one's

head. All questions are answered, because there is only one question.



Neurosis is a continuous shoring-up of the world, rewriting the

obvious fissures that occur in any cultural sememe. The neurotic sees

clearer than anyone else; this clearness fissures his vision, forcing

repetitive inscription. The swept yard still gathers weeds growing

into violent foliage, but quick writing saves the day.



For the theorist, to describe is to prescribe. All inscription is

circumscription. It's the other's fault.



For her, writing was always a sleeping pill, in collusion with the

lazy tendrils of dreams. 





end.joan.novel.supplementary.txt.internet.txt sondheim@newschool.edu



