



BEGIN.JOAN.TXT







AN ATTEMPT TO INDUCE SORCERY





Honey was the first to discover the configuration, but I must admit I

wasn't far behind. We called it FAN-OUT, listing ourselves over and

over again in recursive displays that created the semblance of chaos;

ultimately FAN-OUT resulted in a specific SYZYGY interconnected five

nodes at the least for the traditional pentagram. The difficulty of

course was knowing when to STOP; it was all too easy to lean into the

Star of David, subverting and ultimately destroying the effect of the

five. Commands were sent listing addresses; the stack was given a

maximum of five, after which the line went dead. Enough fives

hopefully would resonate throughout the system; enough gophers would

recognize each other's addresses, joining forces.



I applied an automated Veronica as well, with five categories

interwoven with four booleans. I applied a configuration program to

the booleans; using OR and AND alone there were sixteen combinations.

Each combination constituted a WAVE sent into the network. The

categories were another matter altogether; we repeatedly worked with

JOAN in one of the four positions, using the others for MM - the

Magdalene would understand - or any of a number of names for Satan.



What did we hope to accomplish? It depended on the speed of the net

and the LANs, local area networks, which struggled under the program

held together by loose lines of code - we couldn't hack to save our

lives - on the CRAY.  We needed supercomputing for the sheer energy,

not for number crunching. WAVE after WAVE flooded into the net, an

ocean of WAVES spilling nothing, adding to a hyper-sped NOISE limited

only by the bandwidth of the channels themselves. This wasn't

a worm or virus - it was a five-noded onslaught from above, every

five-node in the net caught in its own trap. We figured if the Star of

David appeared - which was inevitable at this point - it would be

swamped by pentagrams roaring into n-dimensional configurations at

close to the speed of light.



We would NOISE the net, NOISE Joan, who, black hair, slim figure, and

legs you could kill for, was waiting impatiently for the next call at

her antiquated XT terminal. Did we hope for a meltdown? What we got

was a high-school story; Joan, bored with the flickering displays of

Satan and her own name narcissistically disappearing on the screen,

simply TOGGLED OFF. JOAN!!! JOAN!!!! screamed the pentagrams, just

like high-school (the girl leaning out of the window, dying for love

of the cool guy in the band), and just like highschool: NO ONE

HEARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  sondheim@newschool.edu



end.alt.sex.fetish.fetish.fetish.fetish.fetish







HONEY AND I, INHABITING THIS NETWORK WHICH I FEAR MAY ELSEWHERE DYING





THIS IS WHAT I THINK - that the thread that is carrying

us across the wilderness of the net is no longer

sustaining the force that HONEY and I assumed would be

possible: that the thread, fraying, decreases in width

and intensity, that the net in fact has ruptured across

the sites and citations - with no end in view, no

beginning and no termination, no TERMINAL - for this is

the net situation - that the membrane has THINNED - that

there is no division, no degree of ascertaining what

might have happened. So this is an account from the

margins of hysteria. So this comes to you from out of

nowhere, unknown even to ourselves, mute and obdurate: so

this is a message or measure to the outer world, that

with an occurrence of this sort, the lack of sustaining

or lack of sustenance requires a GRADUAL WITHDRAWAL

ending only in a TOGGLE OFF or even in the lack of power

for such a toggle - only a denouement of sorts, which

might be all that we can offer or hope for: WE DO NOT

KNOW, WE DO NOT KNOW: This is the first and last message,

this block of love and desire holding us within its skein

- this moment when we coalesce, power withdraws, DRAIN TO

DRAIN ZERO OR BEYOND: nothing but a glance into each

other's addresses (but there is no glance, or a glance

continuous and forever, Honey, forever my love) - last

listing of recognitions which no longer TOGGLE OFF but

begin to decay, flash out - the two of us, however,

within and without each other's memory remain such,

timeless, placeless, spaceless (and HONEY, we remain

without speech, but unknown to ourselves and to others,

without speech but in the eternity of saying, of having-

been-said, of will-having-been-said) - there and forever,

always this moment when we ascertain what was, is, and

will be, for there is NO TIME on the net, no time for

anything, there never has been time - an uncanny

stillness of which WE ARE NOT AWARE - but this is nothing

more than what I think, HONEY, what has come within the

two of us, and for this and any other reason, something

we should share together...  having found an eternity, an

eternity of love... an eternity, an eternity of love...

TO HONEY



for this was the form that was the beginning of the

fields of the lord whereupon one follows the drop from

branch to twig, twig to leaf, leaf to the long long way

down, only then beginning a lateral journey, journey

across the reef or shoals of despair and prolonged

fascination bringing us together, great rifts appearing,

honey, we are for certain, gaps within interior

topographies, the lord holding forth the first and second

seals, blood dripping from the mouth of the lamb



My cock would be poised hard, obdurate, swollen to the

point of pain, above your mouth, your lips a perfect

oval, my mouth pressed tight against your cunt, lips

within yours, ovals and circles within circles and no

rift or journey from one or another leaf



recognition IS NEVER VISIBLE, RECOGNITION PRESENT ONLY BY

THE GREAT RIFTS OTHERWISE ACCRUED - pERIODIZATION OF

alt.honey.rift TRANSPARENT TO OUR MOUTHS SILENTLY JOINED

ACROSS LEAVES SHUDDERING WITH THE WEIGHT OF LIQUID

TRANSPORT - and for ourselves, inhabitants:



1. The principle of the ADDRESS is that it opens the mouth.



2.  The principle of RECOGNITION is its disappearance as

the contents of the mouth articulate the GREAT SEMEME.



3. The principle of the THINNING OF THE NET is that it is

never visible.



4. The principle of net death or languorous disappearance

is that it is NEVER OUR OWN.



5. THE PRINCIPLE OF THE LOVE OF hONEY AND MYSELF IS THAT

IT IS ETERNAL.



HONEY, after all this thinking, returning to you: these

words a stain or membrane FOR THE READER NOT THE WRITER,

this not even a writing, nothing in the midst of our

love, nothing whatsoever: somewhere in the skein of this

text is the basis of the CONTRARY (paradoxical)

net. hard posed or poseur, outer world, by what reason

our sondheim@newschool.edu



END.THINNED.TXT <REM: or elsewhere dying>







HYSTERIA AS DRIVER OF /INTER/NETWORK USE AND THEORIZING





1 Participating in the net, I have an hysterical relationship to it;

the net is a membrane through which my body extends (tendrils of the

body); my body replicates itself throughout: is in a continual state

of self-formation. This is a form of sympathetic magic or DEVOURING:

ultimately I consume and am consumed by chaotic annihilation.



2 The hysteria is brought about by a neurotic compulsion which cannot

take meaning for granted; meaning is always in a continuous state of

REWRITE which is also the composition of gender and the self. For the

neurotic, recursion is the state of life, and it is through recursion

that the world is rescued from itself.



3 This rescuing is a rescuing from death; recursion is a form of

stasis in which temporality and spatiality become signifiers within a

discourse and nothing more. As signifiers, they are an inversion of

the REWRITE of the world, since they are emptied or exhausted of

meaning by their presence. "Normally" space and time inhabit the

external matrix of the world; within the equivalence of REWRITE, they

are rendered simulacra.



4 The redundancy of the net is paralleled by the redundancy of the

book; both net and book are devoured by the neurotic, who devours

itself (prior to "he" and "she," prior to "self") in the process. The

neurotic searches for the perfect book, within which he or she will

recognize him- or herself perfectly, through perfect protocol: this

is the book of eternal REWRITE which is returned to continuously, the

book which guarantees meaning, just as the net guarantees meaning

through its continuous iteration. (Such a book is necessarily aphor-

istic, an agnostic form of the Kabbala in which every word trembles

and opens itself to the problematic of spilled or leaky discourse.)



5 As the neurotic devours himself or herself, he or she disappears

within and without the net; this disappearance is a disappearance from

death as well. It is also the disappearance occasioned by sexual

masochism and domination; the body is rewritten by others - becomes a

form "in the real world" of recognition and address (precisely because

of the effacement of recognition).



6 For the neurotic (and for all of us): THE REWRITE OF THE BODY IS THE

BODY. It is the rewrite which replaces the transcendent ego or ideal -

any form of meaning-articulation "from without." The rewrite is always

a processed world under construction; the net list is a prime example.



7 To rewrite the body is to inscribe it within a protocol, begin and

begin again. To rewrite the body is to operate within a consensual

semantic realm or symbolic game; such a realm is well-defined and

almost classical in its local neighborhoods. To rewrite the body is to

insist on these neighborhoods, in which *x* and *-x* are clearly in

binary opposition - this is the body of classical Boolean algebra or

distributive lattice theory. To rewrite the body is to cleanse it,

return to the "clean and proper body" in which non-distributive

logics (only partially-coded gestures) are problematic in the large.



8 Therefore the rewritten body constantly expands (through the net,

and through consensual communication) and contracts (through

distributivity and devouring), a process ultimately replacing the

theorizing of the COAGULATIVE AND FISSURED EGO with the theorizing of

RECURSIVITY IN THE MIDST OF THE MEMBRANE. This task is *also* the task

of theorizing the future net of multi-media, high resolution, and

virtual reality. In the future net, REWRITE will encompass non-

distributivity, and both address and recognition will be "fuzzy"

categories on the software level; ultimately REWRITE will appear to be

a projection of ego and desire, and "nothing out of the ordinary." So

that *this* theorizing, of and by the hysteric, exists only on the

cusp of low-resolution: IN THE FUTURE, AS IN THE PAST, THE REAL WILL

BE ANALOG, AND THE IDEAL, DIGITAL. Only now is the equation reversed,

with digital protocol and flesh or flesh's tendrils buried deep within

a self-consuming self.  sondheim@newschool.edu



END.HYSTERIA.TXT





HONEY, I fill your cunt with me, occupy every pore, follow you

everywhere, you follow me everywhere, you suck my cum through your

skin, your skin is a white sheen, my skin is blood-red, my skin is

dark and convalescent, my eyes glow in your nipples, in your asshole,

your cunt opens with my mouth, my cock swells with your milk, you wrap

me in copper wire, you cover me with insulation, you tighten your hold

on me, tighten my hold on you, our throats merge, our voices stutter

or stumble one upon another, our voices:





JOAN!.END.JOAN!



