







*When The Elders Lose Their True Position* 





Had to rush in, tread where even angels wouldn't go - was new to the net,

new to the decomposure of the body - a form of DEcomposition, a rewriting

that existed as a seismic disturbance of the flesh -



Hated the old-timers as much as they hated me - violence everywhere - 

continued to change the language - had no idea what was going on - even

the idea of an occurrence - anathema! anathema! - acronyms scattered like

mice across the electronic landscape -



What is it you see, Clara?



I see nothing but the screen before me, screen after me; I see nothing

but the terminal condition of life itself; I see nothing and hear nothing

but graphemes, organizations, institutions; I have no need to move, refuse

movement; rushing in, I remaining still, stillborn - rushing in, ignoring

the acronyms that swarmed around me like bullets fired by a geriatric

squadron - 



Clara, give credit where credit is due; without them - yes, but Franz,

without them what? Are they responsible for my well-being - for my very

entrance and exit to life itself? Are they at home in the midst of me,

delving like cancer into my flesh? Are they the root of the occurrence?



They are there as failed revolutionaries, swamped by the air we breathe;

they are outmoded mechanical technologies, never at home in the universe

- creating new acronyms, they guard the portals of natural language - 

they think language a disorder -



You, Clara, know differently - concerned with the message, you have 

expelled the medium like so many ghosts, breathing the air of uncanny

perfection -



Born and bred upon the screen of the computer, my eyes see beyond into

the mountains, my hand struggles within my blouse, cups my breast, holds

tight to my flesh, with difficulty I remain upright near the pines almost

falling deep into the abyss below, the mists gather round, the sun a 

pale flat capacitor sparking at the edges of the sky -



They refuse the humming, and even the sky fills with acronyms, inconceiv-

able language all its own - they burden the truth with their wires -



Clara -



Wires we no longer need, communication across perfect reproduction, the

fantasy of representation from the beginning of speech forward, an invis-

ibility in which ONE WILL SHARE WITH ANOTHER -



No longer are there witnesses, there is nothing to witness at this or any

other time, the world a continuation - as it was before - 



THE ACRONYM A CRY INTO THE DARKNESS, THE INPUT A SMALL ANIMAL SCUTTLING

IN THE UNDERBRUSH, THE TERMINAL A FIRE OR HEARTH, POWERLESS, OBJECTING

ITSELF, LIVING WITHIN THE EARTH -



sondheim@newschool.edu







USER.TXT





If the user is an addict, Clara. A user *is* an addict; one who uses

on a constant basis is a user. Or so it seems to me. But addiction -

that's something else. Or in order to define -



Addiction by means of the withdrawal at the other end or in the midst

of the thing. So that withdrawal - a particular symptomology perhaps -

might be the key to it. And beyond withdrawal -



It would be a doubling, a +/- - withdrawal, which is an absence, but

an absence always already conditioned by a presence, of the drug

itself.



By drug - meaning only *that substance* which is the root-directory of

the addiction - not even substance, but *entity* - and by *entity* -

it extends further - one includes patterns of behavior, whole cultures

- pathways through a universal discourse -



But it always refers back to the *thatness* of the entity - just as

science is *that which* is ideologically problematic in relation, say,

to religion or magic, sympathetic or otherwise -



Or the articulation, say of *painting* by *paint* - there are a lot of

examples - the movement of the Tonya-Harding-blade upon the ice -

which it seems to me is a case of obsession or devouring - so that in

all these instances, there is an introjection of a discrete other, an

identified other - coupled with a particular symptomology of

withdrawal -



The addict circumscribes the *entity* - an inscription which also

binds or writes the coagulation of the ego - a form of scar-tissue.

Now what about the screen? Doesn't the screen always refer back to or

upon itself, a referral implicating the user - the two of them caught

in an inextricable matrix? One has to consider first of all the *inner

voice* occasioned by the screen - the screen is the internal speaking-

of-words, not a legible exteriority. The screen is also non-linear in

a deep sense - the scrolling and insertion of files, deletions, the

presence of graphic affect - all point to a cranial articulation. The

screen itself is always this interiority; the user's body is bound to

it. Note that it speaks in a whisper - which is why flaming is so

problematic, since it contradicts inner speech, insisting on an other

that literally shouts to be heard. So that it is more than argument;

it appears to be an *ontological shift* in language's construct, which

is difficult to absorb. I FLAME: THEREFORE I AM. See how the

typography itself carries the philosophical argument, which is no

longer an argument, but the appearance of the other.



But the appearance of the other *is* the argument; there would be no

argument otherwise. To argue other-wise is already to bracket the

signifier, each and every signifier, by a problematic transcendence; I

don't buy this - I return to the leakiness and obdurate quality

(similar to but not equated with Kripke's rigid designators) of every

signifier - the signifier as *this* signifier tenuously embedded in the

imaginary, always unaccountable - and always *unaccounted-for.* It is

this last - that I cannot account *for* the signifier - that

intensifies the discussion. For to account *for* the signifier, *this*

signifier, is to take responsibility *for* it - as well as, within

an/other derivation, to construe its *origin.* Thus I may account

*for* my eyeglasses by (virtue of) my weak eyesight, which I may

account *for* perhaps by heredity (or not): This constructs a complete

epistemology of eyeglasses in terms of originary trace. The other that

releases itself in flaming is an *incontrovertible argument* or no

*argument* at all, just as this discussion is the result of a doubling

or its presence.



In addiction the *other* is the *same* because it is bound within and

without the coagulation of the ego; the absorption of the *other* is

always troubling. 



Why? Because the other is absorbed solely on the basis of its use-

function, and the use-function is *a priori* reductive; the leakiness

is constrained. The presence and absence of the entity are channeled

*through* the use function; at the same time, the entity becomes a

clouded ontological (the being of the body / being of beings) and

epistemological (the horizon of the body / the horizon) arena, which

is - ultimately - an arena of contestation.



Why? Because it is through and against the entity that procurement

occurs, for addiction is always a situation of procurement (continuous

or otherwise). Procurement sets the addict at odds with the other,

with each and every other from *entity* to (other) addict; procurement

also construes community with the other from *entity* to (other)

addict. With computer communications becoming more and more zero-loss

ecologically, with the networking transforming from skein to membrane,

with resolution moving from low to high, the potential exists for the

first addiction without contestation, an addiction in which the

*entity* becomes asymptotically equivalent to lived-space itself.



With the conceivable exception? With the conceivable exception of the

*construct,* for this space is always already one of construction, and

therefore one can imagine the beautiful addict... the presence of the

beautiful addict... such as Clara... such as myself...



