









EXISTENCE, ALAN-L, JEAN PAUL SARTRE





It's dark out there. I wait for your return. The wires are quiet.

Emptied sleeves filled with angels traverse the fiber optics, silent

ghosts, silent shades of ghosts. Behind the computer is the window of

the world; I can sense it. The dog that barks has never had a written

form. I have bent the three-dimensionality of lived space into a

corner of the flat screen. I am moderate.



My list is the ALAN-L. You can subscribe to it at listserv@brown.cc.

brown.edu. I chose Brown because it was my alma mater. Self-discussion

occupies the womb of education. I inscribe myself within the vaginal

walls. Angela has given me trouble. 



Angela writes in every day to the ALAN-L. She complains about its lack

of direction, that there is nothing to discuss. She has been

inadvertently unsubscribed several times. I do nothing to encourage

her. She returns for what she calls *the menu of the next day.* What

am I to do except ACK each and every letter, footnotes and sigs. At

times I consider her a "faithful follower," wondering what that

means - both on the list and in real life? What is meaning? Her

address ends in .no, Norway, where she has an http, keeping each and

every contribution to ALAN-L, including my occasional replies.

Everything is organized according to threads, in digest form. But

every header is also retained - Angela is afraid of missing a beat, of

losing the slightest nuance. 



I begin to depend on Angela. I imagine her with dark hair; my

imagination becomes an earnest image, in an arena of the absence of

love. Her appearance on my mail server is a simulacrum of desire, of

bitter weather. Her state is always problematic; I think of her

staring intently at the screen, ALAN-L, ALAN-L, a state of suspension,

a state of disbelief. One always writes in order to gain something;

her writing to me (for I must consider it that, on a daily basis, the

prop (or *proof*?) of my existence) results in the CONSTRUCTION OF A

BRIDGE OR OTHER DEVICE between one and another real. Long ago, I

forgave (foreclosed!) upon a physical existence necessarily bound to

the weight and inertia of the *real.* This is not to say that nothing

occurs beyond ALAN-L; beyond, everything occurs, and I am immersed in

everything...



But there is a return of course to the excessivity of the sign, which

is where Angela, beginning with the same imperturbable letter, exists.

Think of ALAN-L as a THICK ROOT or TUBER - something massive and

obdurate (that word again!); it is a binding or suture upon the pain

of the world, which increases yearly beyond measure. What holds it in

the throes of UNIX is the index of its activity; Angela provides the

BINDING-ENERGY itself. I am a nucleus of differentiated domains and

drives, threatening to fissure, a state of self-revolution without

community, embodying anger and violence. 



It is neither the content of the ANGELA-MESSAGE-THREAD nor the daily

repetition that sustains my life through another dawn and dusk, nor is

it the existence of the bridge. And in fact I DO exist of course

beyond ALAN-L, just as every list has a bridge which is its content, a

theme discussed by its members (and ALAN-L had at least eighty at the

last REVIEW). No, I think it has to do with the tropology of desire

itself, a desire which animates the presence of SIGHT, of SITE, of

CITATION, all those modernist concepts which return under the guise of

recognitions and addresses to provide me with sufficient reading-

material to GUARANTEE THE DAY (or its LAW!).



SIGHT: For Angela comes to inhabit ALAN-L, a state of dissemination or

meta-transference, questioning the list and its members, repositioning

herself in the face of flaming, agreement, disagreement, rude remarks

or *come-ons* made by one or another member. And SITE: For her

Norwegian location is based upon the premise of the physical, against

which she presents an argumentative feminism, as well as an amazing

comprehension of male and female behaviors - I sense this, no matter

what the thread or query. Finally, CITATION: Upon tradition (yes,

ALAN-L already has its own!) or *natural* consensus, Angela has either

started or circumscribed the majority of threads on ALAN-L, ranging 

from questions of NOMENCLATURE ("What exactly is a *rigid designator*"

Angelac@bcn.searn.cc.no) to desire itself ("Who are you? Who are you?

What do you want? What do you want with me?" Angelac@bcn.searn.cc.no).

I take pleasure in the fact that her address contains both angels and

lakes, thick flight through waters bridging themselves. I take

pleasure in an anguish and anxiety that keeps her present, always

approaching, never a suspension.





*** "I am sitting at a table on rue des livres, before a small cafe. I

am reading Lautreamont, his responsibility for the death of the

nineteenth and subsequent centuries. It is late 1944, the last days of

the Resistance. I have been writing for a long time now; my knapsack

contains manuscripts granting Man his freedom in the face of

annihilation. He projects himself from and through the evident slime

of the body, which is a recognition also occasioned by Marx and

considered in sufficient measure in Plato's Parmenides. Maurice, who

continues to specialize in perception, approaches me. He is working as

a waiter, and I am afraid that I am not *up to his presence,* that my

emptiness is evident to everyone, the beginnings of the theater of the

absurd. As if to emphasize this, shots are heard faintly in the

distance. It is autumn and it is war-time and it is Paris. Simone is

somewhere around; I have not seen her for several days. I have nick-

names for her. Maurice approaches.



Maurice approaches and recognizes me; he was not sure at first. I

perceive his look as something more, a glance which *will undo me,*

but within which my annihilation is a freedom, bracketing him and

myself - a freedom which is not an escape but a project, even a

responsibility. I am aware as well of the *weak part* of my thinking

here - that there is *no responsibility* within and without

existence - one has nothing to do with the other. But without

responsibility, the resistance - and in fact the subsequent cold war -

would be rendered problematic, dangerous, and *meaningful.* This is

the contradiction - it is the meaninglessness (the absence of any

attributive meaning) that keeps the resistance alive, just as the

floor is alive beneath my feet, permitting me to walk upon the

material-inert without a *further thought.* Such is the case here as

well. I do not even consider the relative symmetry of the situation -

M-P's recognition of me, for example, and his own positionality

therein. For THIS IS NO CONCERN OF MINE, nor can it be. I remember

that I am simultaneously *in flight* and *in nothingness* and the

blankness, which can only come from a marxism I now abjure, gives me

the ability to cite myself, situate myself, even beyond an imperfect

vision (I am always *occasioned* to wear a pair of glasses, for

example). 



Surely for M-P it is different, utterly so; he at once perceives me in

my fullness associated with a negation at the heart of perception. But

I BELIEVE ONLY IN MYSELF which is *no belief at all*; he still remains

AT ONE WITH THE BODY, an *occasioning* of the body (which I STILL only

associate with the need for glasses and other sites or situations of

scarcity). 



The Resistance, in fact, is just such an occasion, one which

contradicts every form of seriality under capital - one which proceeds

from individual through groups to an unspeakable release - unspeakable

precisely because of secrecy, the absence of sight or citation.



These were thoughts that occurred to me during that autumn of 1944,

which is NOW and will remain so, by virtue of the accessibility/excess

of the written holding time in abeyance. Simone and I are two poles or

worlds together and apart; conversations flourish at the cafe, where I

hold forth. Pierre works alongside Maurice, and I am face-to-face with

Pierre on a daily basis, a face-to-face which foregrounds the Other

who forecloses upon myself. I am uncomfortable in my skin. Death is

always this Other. Death is always the occasion of the hole whose rim

promulgates an annihilation in the midst of battle, the hole filled

with anonymous flesh I can neither comprehend nor perceive. What I

perceive is only my own shit, my own corruption; it is this which is a

message of freedom in these dark days. I recognize that Being and

Nothingness is a dark text, the darkest for these times; I recognize

that it will be eclipsed in the future, torn apart by a pacific

world - but only to reappear once again in darker days when the world

begins again to fall apart - become DISEMBODIED. In this manner, we -

for I speak for myself and my generation and those generations who

will continue to hear me - ground ourselves in an EXISTENCE before

each and every ESSENCE upon which we are not CHOSEN, but CHOOSE. It is

a choice which keeps us alive, and I will spell out its relationship

to responsibility in a world without god, and I hope to do this

through and within a world without marx, but I recognize my necessity

for marx, and its fallibility.



But what I am spelling out, in the face of Pierre or the presence of

Maurice, which is also the occasion of the presence of his writing,

is, in fact, my freedom, my freedom in its darkest hour, in the midst

of disgust at myself, at the world, and against the backdrop of the

Resistance for whom, of course, I have the greatest respect. The

conversation becomes more animated at the cafe; paradoxically, it is

my companions who enable the philosophy of isolation - my community

and grounding in the Resistance that proceeds to the almost aggressive

and antagonistic presence of the Other. This is an almost-masculine

universe, but one operational under the only sign of truth there is,

which is no truth, not that of Dasein nor that of inscription nor

scripture, but a truth contained in nullity, in nothingness. Certainly

existence, which is without proof and without need of proof; essence

is a necessitated and therefore immanent *gift* on a platter. In the

distance, the rumble of guns grows louder. I shudder, thinking of the

camps I have heard *something of,* the camps in Germany and Poland,

and perhaps Austria as well. Refugees are everywhere, hidden against

Petain, against the Gestapo, against the Germans in general, against

everyone - life is a hiding-against everyone, in fact. I have never

conclusively shown this, nor any other thing. Berdyaev was at the

other end of town preaching his brand of Orthodoxy (I heard something

of it in translation); there are a number of Russians, all here after

the Revolution, lending Paris an aristocratic and somewhat jaded air. 



I no longer want to think this through; it is time that Being and

Nothingness were *put to an end* or completion, as they say. Writing

is a habit or inhabitation; I exist *in order to* write, which is my

choice and not that of the Other, although it is that in the face of

the Other, Pierre or Maurice, each and every one. Before me is a

yellowed pad of paper, a continuity I create for myself, *hold forth*

for me each and every day. I use a thin black pen; it suits my

temperment. Others come and go, some approach and join me for a short

time; no matter - philosophy is always the occasion for interruptions,

ever since Plato founded his dialogues upon it. Philosophy without

interruption would cease in a fundamental way to be dialectical; it

would lose its contact with the world of the cafe and the worker, with

the world of the Resistance and the Other - in fact, it would CEASE TO

RESIST, would cease to be philosophy (cease to exist). Now, here in

Europe, there is a night which is always falling. Now here, a chill

wind is in the air; the lamps are finally lit, casting yellow glows

against the houses plastered and replastered in war-time Paris. I put

down my pen for the last time, but not for the last time. These are

the final words of what was once *my little book,* which I am about to

release to the world. Exist first; everything is given. My life is a

responsibility absurdly occasioned. I am nothing, neither necessity

nor project. I exist." ***



(Jean-Paul Sartre, BEING AND NOTHINGNESS, pp. 644-647, 1st edition)



sondheim@newschool.edu







