



Electronic distribution accompanied by author's name is permitted and

encouraged.



Alan Sondheim

432 Dean St.

Bklyn, NY, USA, 11217









ANGRY AT SIG.





Can I move somewhere here? You're always in the way, in my dreams. I'm

angry at my signature, my emblem. I'm angry at everything in the world

and this "anger is an energy" (PIL) which is grounded so I can't use

it, grounded in my sig., in my emblem expressive of everything I

believe, what you will remember long after my words have been

forgotten. My words are summarized in my sig.; heraldry is a heralding

or announcement of the symbolic far beyond flesh itself - there is

nothing inert here, nothing but the arrangement of pure information -

consuming only the fantastic of the world. But I'm angry at my sig.

which has broken away from me, my sig. which exists as if there were

no tomorrow or no yesterday, as if there were no responsibility - 



Who assigns responsibility? sig. wants to know - What is the CLEAR

FORM of this documentation, a form withering sig. through the

penetration of noise? I am angry at my sig. because of this issue of

responsibility and because I have no control and there is no restraint

provided on the other side of the symbolic, something I would have

surmised otherwise were there opportunity. I PICTURE BLOOD THROUGHOUT

THE DOMAIN OF THE IMAGINARY, rivers and pools of blood, a

contamination running deep even across the terminal screen, letters

changing to darker reds, one after another, reds spilling from

FOREGROUND to BACKGROUND, the obliteration of even the simplest act of

writing, act of speech or even the idiotic carving of hieroglyphic -



The sig. is safe, the sig. is encapsulated, lost in another subroutine

or program, always inaccessible, always beyond the pools of blood,

broken limbs, scattered brains - beyond anger itself, radiating a

certain coolness - something uncharacteristic IN THESE HARSH TIMES

over which, clearly, I have no control. The sig. is always already a

violation or transgression, contradicting what only the flesh can

express; it will remain long after I am gone. Did I say I will be

forgotten? The sig. is an unexploded mortar shell in a constant state

of collapse, a flattening of the materiality of the world which has

all but disappeared. The sig. knows nothing of this, and I am angry at

my sig. because it is isolated from all I hold dear, my loved ones, my

children, my aged parents, my aged grandparents, generation upon

generation, homesteads and inhabitants. I tell myself, THERE IS A

WHOLE WORLD OUT THERE without the recognition of thought or thinking

beyond that of the murmur, and you have heard enough of the murmur,

have murmured enough, have encapsulated the murmur itself, almost as a

sig. alternative which it is not.



For the murmur is as moronic as you are, watching me with eyes shoved

through the midst of a letter-spew completely out of control. And the

murmur as you well know is COMPLETELY INCAPABLE - the 'of' hardly

necessary - it would only connect by way of a circuitous return to the

sig. which is the inaccessible origin of the problem in the first

place, in the last place. (Clearly the sig. topples any clear-thinking

I would otherwise have; if you can understand this, you can begin

making the reconnections, if the murmur has not already discouraged

the clarity of thought which is the clarity of comprehension and

silence). Did I speak of this 'inaccessibility'? It exists far beyond

the subroutine or subprogram already mentioned; it extends to the

inaccessibility of the signifier itself, something one is all too

familiar with. It is a reminder of the remainder, a production of the

inexcessive. Anger swirls around it like a black hole, feeds it, only

to return as noise (murmur again). Anger is an energy but it ceases in

the presence of the sig. to be my own, nor does it become that of

another, but exists inert, mute, which is the state of anger, state of

catatonia, depression -



My depression grows beyond all bounds; there are no checkpoints, no

interiors or exteriors, no exits or inroads. My depression covers the

planet and is located in the potential well which is the subroutine

surrounding the sig. so although I can ASSIGN IT SUCH AND SUCH A SITE

it does me little good, does me no good whatsoever. It only brings me

back to the topic which is THE ONLY CONCEIVABLE FUNCTIONING OF THIS

AND EVERY OTHER TOPIC which is the fact that YOU ARE IN THE WAY and

this stumbling-around becomes my condition which, identified with the

second person, FISSURES the first, which is my presence already

destroyed by what is invisible.



For the sig. is invisible, lost in the midst of commands which are

actions not taken or taken poorly, and I am used to everything here,

before me or laid out in order. This invisibility BECOMES an

inaccessible knowledge or knowledge of the inaccessible, and I think

of you, can not get you out of my mind, A CLARA, which is the sig.-

shunt, were such to exist.



A PARTICLE OR A PRESENCE OR A DEMONSTRATION OF AN ARTICULATED

STRUCTURE, SOMETHING CLAIMED FOR THE PURPOSE OF A CIRCUMSCRIPTION OF A

NAME, THE NOMENCLATURE-MEMBRANE OR EMISSION OF A NAME, A DIAGRAM.









Received: From ZEOS/MAILQUEUE by newschool.edu

	  via Charon 3.4 with IPX id 101.940420021828.448;

	  20 Apr 94 02:18:32 -0500



To:           SONDHEIM@newschool.edu

From:         SONDHEIM@newschool.edu

Date:         20 Apr 94 02:18:28 EDT

Subject:      Residue

X-mailer:     Pegasus Mail v2.3 (R3).



To:            Sondheim@Newschool.Edu

From:          SONDHEIM@newschool.edu

Date:          20 Apr 94 02:17:09 EDT

Subject:       Residue



My ambition is to be within you, for my writing to be a thinking-

through-thought that you would immediately apprehend, take it for

your own. This is the writing which goes down quickly, emerges at

each and every hole, transforming the body into a self-liquidation

throughout death, throughout the abject corrosion of the proper name.



Beyond the protocol, I have no proper name; this is what a ring or

other algebra might be, this lack which possesses only an external

attribute, the slough of the margin.



The margin is always in the form of a discard, brought back within

you as these words present themselves through your thinking. You are

the speaker of these words, which murmur in a realm of self-

liquidation, a realm in which perception becomes or transforms the

gestures itself. Every message is a frail message, and each and every

message loses itself as a bridge between myself and Angela, myself

and Clara, a grasslands emergence, a distancing which reflects before

my eyes in the whispering of ... each and every message, each and

every thing ...



... you meaning you ...



		    //

		 [ // ]       ...rain...

		  //

  ah...

					    \\

please take a moment to                    [ \\ ]

 reply and confirm reception                  \\      ...still...











		    //

		 [ // ]       ...rain...

		  //

  ah...

					    \\

please take a moment to                    [ \\ ]

 reply and confirm reception                  \\      ...still...





