





((((And I came to this conclusion:



DEATH, By A. Hacker



There is nothing reasonable to learn from death. Death cannot teach

anything. Death is the ending of nothing. Death is an event in

everyone else's life. Lives are divided by the witnessing of death;

this is no division, but only an occasional event.



You are my death. I watch you die which is an experience that has

nothing to do with death, but is the definition and inscription of

death. There is nothing more to it. Death is not beyond your death nor

is there death beyond mine. I shall never cease to be. Nothing occurs

within a before or after.



You become a murmur or a whisper. You inhabit death which is always an

imminent transformation. I await nothing. When your death comes, the

murmur is a residue. I do not see you all that much, even if you are

constantly within my presence.



My presence is always the occasion of your death. Without my presence,

you will never die. But my presence is always THERE and always the web

or inversion of an occurrence. This must be absolutely clear.



This must be clear because of the quality of your death which has

produced a great deal of nonsense; in fact, has produced the construct

of the cultural itself. The quality is always a blurred or blunted

inscription. But what is occasioned reverberates back onto that which

writes or occasions this writing, a false reverberation, filled with

elasticity. It is the belief that your death sucks and creates the

marrow of the world, an eschatological meaning. Or that your death

defies the absence of meaning, cancels meaning's problematic. That

there is a truth in death beyond the uncanny. That there is death.

That there is death beyond you.



If you are my death, you are also the time of my death. You are time

and I extrapolate an indefinite continuum - the year 2400, for

example, which creates an effortless and unoccasioned anxiety. But I

cannot allow myself to be fooled by you. Nor do I think I will "live

forever." This is not an occasion of LIVING.



LIVING is not an occasion, which your death is. Living is inert, not

meaning. One believes: meaning is inert, not life. But in fact the

opposite is true. Meaning is always a presupposition. Living is not

even the semblance of a given, or an existence. Living is not an

occasioning of one or its being. At best it is the referent of a

certain motility. But living is obdurate; your death is not.



I am not cancelled in the midst of my death. I do not die by degrees or

through calculation; the actuarial or forensic have no place. Neither

however does the world disappear when I close my eyes. My eyes close

because my eyes open; my sleep occurs because of my wakefulness.

Nor is it a question that "I cannot imagine otherwise" when I can 

imagine everything in the world. My imagination occurs through

mediation, but it is my own. Beyond my imagination there is nothing.



Certainly I can extrapolate your death into my life, as if there were

a cessation present, as if for example I could imagine the

immobilization of my limbs. But this is an imaginary and nothing else;

an extrapolation is only an exhausted inscription. It is not that I am

the world although I am the portal of the world. This is not

metaphysical nor does it refer to a first or last consciousness; the

world is not conscious, is fully cognizant of death, cognizant of your

death. Neither is the world consensus.



Who are you in the question of this death. It is not by chance that it

may or may not be an acquaintance. To be acquainted with you is to be

acquainted with your cessation, with your memory. You carry your

memory with you. You carry your memory in the form of a murmur which I

hear, which I am capable of hearing. The murmur says nothing; it is

the shadow or the stain of a voice; mute, it says everything. Your

murmur is not an aura nor is it an excess or a curlicue; it is not a

shade or a shadow, nor is it an accompaniment. Nor is it characterized

as it may seem to be, by negation.



As an acquaintance, you move closer or farther by immeasurable

degrees. In no way can I account for you; in every way you are

unaccountable and unaccounted-for, an other which is never the same.

Only the death of the other is accountable, although this is not ever

a question of responsibility; you are never "responsible for your

death" nor are you responsible for the death of any other. Death is a

neutral inscription; it is not a null set dividing life from the

inert, nor the residue of an inscription. But it is not immanent,

either, nor is it a "condition" of life, or your condition. You are

not conditioned by death, just as you are not conditioned by life. 



You may be responsible for the life of others. But this

"responsibility" is different that a responsibility for your own

death; to say you are not responsible for the death of others implies

there is no causal relationship between you and the deaths of others.

You may be responsible for their LIVES; thinking otherwise INTO death

is false. (Just as there is no truth in life, there is only falseness.

What is false is false by virtue of a misconstrual of belief. To

believe otherwise is false.)



Your death weighs heavily upon me; that is the condition of my

relation with you. But it is not the condition of my death, nor does

it have anything further to do with me. Death, which is obdurate for

you, is ineffectual. It is an effect of the world not my own. Always

through the other it produces the text. The text is a sign of its

death. I am the you who are speaking through it.



[What should be clear is that this is also the obdurate of the

CONCEPT. The concept has no site/sight/citation. It is a linking to

the frailty of death. Death is frail only because it is your own.

It is not the construct of the text, this or any other.]))))

-----------

