





NOW I REMEMBER THIS REPLY TO YOU ON THE CONFERENCE BOARD OF THE

TECHNOLOGICAL RENDERING-ABSENCE OF THE CUM-BODY BODY WITHOUT HOLES:





"You talk about 'what attitude to take toward the technological' and I

am uncertain 'about' this expression, as if the technological were

somewhat separate, a Husserlian intentional content split from the

body in the first place. It's like the body without culture, which can

only be a fantasm; culture and the technological, which can be read as

'material culture,' are interpenetrated to the extent that one can

talk about a kinship *machine* sorting or sifting through the habitus.

(TALKING IS JUST SUCH A MACHINE!)



"Beyond this, 'taking' an attitude is always already a totalization,

as is 'the' technological. Would one say 'the' natural, either as an

opposition or a unity (both completely problematic)? I may or may not

like a particular camcorder - I may reject consumer video altogether,

reject television, question telecommunications - and as the categories

become larger, the issues become more obtuse, more confused. The

larger categories tend asymptotically towards 'the' myth of a

technological horizon; the categories are increasingly senseless. Even

'taking' an attitude involves a dubious giving into an ideological

stance which then appears 'natural' or normalized as or within the

'natural attitude.'



I would argue instead that we are discussing a certain notion of the

imaginary or presymbolic (not the same), which would occasion and

disperse the futile discussion you are having concerning the

'material' or 'physical' world, the discussion of 'transcending the

real.'



This discussion is rooted in a sense of 'inhabiting our bodies' -

which both inscribes and circumscribes them, as if I were 'above and

beyond' my finger, in a sense, which I may 'lose' (as if it were

always already 'present' or 'found' in the first place) in an

accident. The retreat, the repositioning, REWRITE of the mind, is

always towards mental phenomena in a 'guarded' condition.



You posit an existential project, presumably involving both flesh and

mind, a double-interpenetration or a third. But the problem is that

this project IS a project, nothing more or less, while the finger-

inscription is not. And such a project is a totalization-without-

totality. There is no 'before' or 'beyond' the material; there is no

problem or the problem is moot, always in the state of dissolution.

Thus the 'beyond material' is bound (and binding is the origin of the

hieroglyph, the masochist transforming his or her body into the

maternal symbolic), already-written, since it relegates materiality

itself to an ipseity that is questionable. What does one 'point to' in

the world not of the world? How are these questions possible in the

presence of the diffusion of the terminal screen itself (which

obviates, not extends, the ontological/epistemological)?



And what is the ontological commitment of the linguistic model and its

code (prevalent from DNA to TCP/IP)? These are troubling questions,

incidents within the FLAMEWAR OF THE SYMBOLIC: I am a camp whore,

follower of every foot-soldier everywhere, nowhere at all.



DO YOU HEAR ME? BLOOD FLOWS FORM MY CUNT! WHAT DO YOU 'MAKE' OF THAT?



sondheim@newschool.edu









