





I begin the process of transformation throughout the psychotic;

energy flows from my fingers; auras are everywhere: entities of

the real world, lost, or an inconsequential dream or hallucina-

tion, pale by comparison! The coloration of the imaginary 

replaces distress signalling; everywhere is a call from everywhere

else - an imminent call, timeless and forever (like the call of

the woman on the bridge nested in the London fog, lone figure on 

the parapet, almost disppearing in the gaslit night, yet 

recognizing, at the very least, her name, her calling, her 

address, bobbies approaching quietly 'so as not to harm the poor

dear').







WEB INVERSION





A stern discipline is the sitting and production. I begin with the

removal or extrusion of a web from my mouth. My teeth strain

ectoplasm; an emission, they come sourceless from within. I suppose

they coalesce in the throat, that arena of protocols and perfect

syllables. 



Born naked in the world, I am a cocoon, the shearing of tissue, an

emergence. I am in a constant state of waiting; my hole opens

everywhere across the body, this time inputting wires, terminals,

nodes. What is left of me in the midst of depression is an order of

interconnectivity: I recognize messages, but no longer comprehend

their content. The sexualization of the hole, enervation of the rim,

begins to disappear. 



This is the condition of WEB INVERSION. The ectoplasm is fingered,

spewing files and fragments of files, coded and uncoded, everywhere

upon an earth characterized by the shadow of a scepter. THERE IS NO

EXPLANATION.



There is no explanation because, for the first time, the question is

suspect. Suspect: an attitude, lingering doubt, carried on in silence,

the presence of an ellipsis signalling the beginning of another

millennium, the exhaustion of answer-protocols. IF DIFFERENCE IS

MEANING, MEANING MUST ALSO MAKE A DIFFERENCE. Within web inversion,

nothing makes difference because everything is characterized by

difference, by the same; what differs, differs TYPICALLY. TOPICS

BECOME SHUNTS.



What topics become are infiltrations of secondary webs upon the

ground, the uneasy coalescence of files and fragments. These TOPPLE

TOGETHER. 



So that the history of information on a fast-forward basis, within the

last twenty years, breaks down into several concurrent trajectories,

each lending itself elsewhere. There is not only a movement from self-

knowledge to knowledge to the manageriality of knowledge - and not

only a movement from manageriality to flux - but also a movement from

flux itself to shunts, inversions, spews. Difference levels; fragments

are browsed, stumbled upon; data retrieval exponentially increases in

layers. The new unit of information is no longer the word, the bit,

the byte; the new unit is the gateway whose syntax is protocol. Think

of information solely as CONNECTIVITY, an extended and unsubstantiated

metaphor (after all, you are CONSIDERING this, at least at the

moment), a metaphor of webs, linkages, graphs, Petrie nets, systems

layers, and you begin to understand that the phenomenology of

knowledge undergoes a radical change.



Web inversion is the last and final stage of the body which begins as

a totalized consciousness, the originary condition of self-knowledge

and existence of the ego. With the specialization of the disciplines

in the twentieth century, knowledge moved from primary structures

(writing, seminar, voice) to secondary data bases. To COMPREHEND

became equivalent, within the university structure, of 'to look up' or

'to do' (i.e. 'Did you do Chaucer yet?). What is 'looked up' increases

in complexity; linkages thin, and knowledge becomes imminent,

situational. Exhaustion and deconstruction contribute to the play of

the signifier weakened by capital and desire. The ego withdraws to

conditions of continuous maintenance vis-a-vis circumscription;

fissuring disperses 'selfhood' lost in the roar of data flow. The

maintenance is successful in face-to-face (traditional, real-life)

communications, insistent upon notions of 'roles' and 'callings' - as

well as other structures considered by classical sociology. Now, roles

themselves are penetrated, and computer (tele)communications

transforms subjectivity into the ABSOLUTE OF SYNTAX opening up the

narcissistic wound (self-devouring and substantiation of the body) to

syntactical suturing. Interconnectivities multiply exponentially (we

are in a universe of violently increasing proportions); the body

TRANSFORMS INTO A WEB INVERSION, characterized by cyberfragments,

narratologies, mythologies, violent sword-play and a general

medievalism in which the quest for perfect suturing transforms into an

electronic desire for the Holy Grail.



As the wires enter and exit my holes, they are illuminated with the

phosphorescence of electrons tunnelling through plasma radiation; near

the rims of my body, faint jewels gleam as the coagulation of

imaginary desire. My cock is the horn of a unicorn; my cunt is the

Grail itself. Knowledge has attained the condition of the INFINITE of

naive set theory, an infinite in which each subset is equivalent to

the (w)hole. Everything once again (long past Romantic illusion) is

contained in everything else; this time, what is contained is

unidentifiable. You can only distinguish one form of white noise from

another; within this distinguishing a primitive mathematics (of

demarcation and number) is constructed. But this mathematics clings to

the edges of the holes, exteriors of the wires like static electrical

charges; within, the web inversion continues apace.



So that what is writing is no longer the life or death of the author,

no longer the question of the author; but it is also no longer the

writing of a machine or machine-writing; or the writing of a computer

program; or writing, intentional or otherwise; or a layered ordering

of graphemes upon a symmetrical substructure; or the transmission of

formal encodings of ordered graphemes: So that what is writing becomes

itself the problematic of ontology and epistemology (as the net itself

has), neither neutral nor politicized.



With enormous energy, I gather the fragments to me; with enormous

sound, the creaking of wires, sparking of random misconnections, I

lean into the spew, begin the transformation that will blind me in

telecommunications. Only with DISCONNECT can everyday face-to-face

life reassert itself, but against what? The depression of ONTIC or

existential anxiety weighs again upon the flesh depleted by the fear

of negation. With relief, one begins again, inverts almost at will,

hardly realizing that the process of immolation has begun to TAKE

HOLD, the body a CUNTCOCK or strangled throat, stuttered or stumbled

language, with nothing more to say. 







THE FUTURE, SPEAKING OF OR ABOUT





I speak the future, I always speak the future. My words guide me

through the hidden mirrored files of their organization. My entire

life is devoted to their retrieval, the representation of their

syntactical energies. I believe my search is a futile one; words 

are at best, an amalgamation of broken protocols. Just as the camera

is the incoherent reduction of the eye (which is the precise function-

ing of the camera), computer protocol is the incoherent reduction of

speech (which is the circumscription of the computer).



NOW, the future is never guided, nor is it attributed. I can speak of

x*future as in MY FUTURE and I can speak of the x*future as in

THE*TECHNOLOGICAL FUTURE, but I can only speak by virtue of an uncanny

condensation that is necessarily delimiting. Computer communication

likewise limits; it is at the same stage as those science-fiction

films of the 1950s-1970s where everything was clean and where doorways

were usually hexagonal in shape.* Doors slid; space was cleanly cut,

demarcated, in those films in which interiors were INSCRIBED, only to

be potentially reinscribed by coagulative 'monsters.' These interiors

were simultaneously phallic (cleansed surfaces, bodies, and languages)

and castrating (divisive, sliced), but through reflective surfaces

there were always interiorities elsewhere - an ultimately elusive

space filled with pipes, plastic, portals and portholes. Instead of

castration, think clitorectomy: the slicing of space inscribed

conditions of class, gender, and authority, cutting through the

potential maternal chora - atmospheric ingress and egress for example

as remnants from the 'mother' planet. 



The technological future is perceived as a simultaneous FETISHIZATION

(of the reflective surface itself) and SLICING or INVERSION; what is

sliced is well-defined and inscribed; what is sliced is determinative

of perception itself. All technology is and transforms perception. The

slicing-effect is that of the CLEAN WOUND which cauterizes the body,

the wound healing without a scar, psychic or otherwise. The inversion-

effect is that of the LABEL or TYPE; what slices is packaged as

definition and thereby extends or expands by extrapolation. Quantity

produces quality and so forth. Running low-resolution video imaging on

a slow computer (slicing) inverts or extrapolates into high-resolution

video inverts or extrapolates (all in the midst of the same continuum)

into a simulacrum of the real; through fetishization, the mirror-stage

of the simulacrum (i.e. for and within the subject) no longer reflects

the problematic of resolution itself - but the real-for-the-subject. A

simultaneous shift in epistemology (degrees of resolution) and

ontology (the plunge of 'infinite' resolution) has occurred, producing

what could be called an emptied condition of address and recognition

(Sartre would call it a variant of the 'inauthentic'). Within this so-

called FINAL STAGE (no stage is final just as no stage is

inauthentic), noise reappears (i.e. noise 'beyond' chaos), but the

interiority of this noise depends, like Bohm's quantum mechanics, upon

hidden variables. (In fact, virtual reality itself is an effect of

hidden variables to the extent it is a 'reality.') 



Thus the interiority of the technological future in the midst of this

thread is that of an empty interiority - empty, because it itself is

based upon a coherent substructure (well-defined programming producing

the illusion of noise) that must be placed within an equally well-

defined potential well or FIREWALL protected 'against' a deeply noisy

exterior.



The exterior is always already elsewhere. The emptiness is an

occurrence always already present. Recognition of this emptiness is a

rerun of the subject; this again is a return to Sartre whose 'project'

is nothing more than a REWRITE without substructure, Peirce's 'sheet

of assertion' or other cleansed potential surface. 



Remember that the wound is a certain cauterization of the body which

is sutured; nonetheless, there is always a murmuring or curlicue. It

is this murmuring which expanded into the Romantic infinite at the

dawn of the industrial revolution, a revolution begun in black smoke;

unimaginable chaos in Manchester, London, and other cities; and the

beginning of serious rural upheaval. The information revolution is an

inverse; the computer interior is a continuously cleansed environment

and chaos itself is contained within a formal mathematical theory.

Part of the wound lies in VIRTUAL TUNNELLING through the firewall; the

real chokes itself in ASCII, but there is always the frame, the

eternal signoff, the corrosion of relations. Computer communication is

so often about computer communication because it takes NEGATION OUT OF

THINGS, the staking-out of personal territory, appearance, foibles,

and so forth is precisely the inadmissable OPENING OF THE WOUND. For

the wound is the real itself (and beyond this, metaphorically, the

pain or negation of the real), and we are in flight from our flesh.



We are in flight because of death and the termination of the screen,

input/output/interiority; we are in flight because of the impossible

noise of the world. Not for the first time, the flight is toward - but

perhaps for one of the very few times, not an absolute - a matrix of

absolution. Lose the body and the death of the body is not a loss.

Within the binary realm, there is never loss; loss is on the other

side of the potential well, aligned with noise. There is only eternity

upon eternity, rewrite upon rewrite, each duplicating EXACTLY the

content of the original. What could be clearer? If there is a wound,

the wound does not leak; within the safety of the firewall, the frame

is perfect and the words remain archived or threaded, one upon

another, forever. 



So for the first time the flight is toward a matrix which is no longer

other, transcendent, but which is ours and what we become. So for the

first time, the body begins its process of disappearance (to be

replaced decades later by the virtual body), and in this process, the

very FACT of our body, our flesh, becomes inadmissible, problematic, a

source of fear and anxiety. WHAT IF I WERE TO CONFRONT YOU IN RL? What

if 'real life' were no longer an acronym? Thus in 'answer' to the

future question or questionable future, there is no reply, because

there is no question - because the question lies outside in the midst

of contradiction and the wound - because the wound is always already

exterior to language and the process of semiosis - and because then

the question is a question, IN reality, of SPEAKING OTHERWISE.



[I must end on the prosaic note or frame of the bracket, that the

contradiction of this essay is a necessary interpenetration to avoid

'SPEAKING THE TRUTH.']



---------



*Elsewhere a claim could be made that these films are representative

of a cultural projection 'beyond' their periodization, just as the

construct of cinema is 'beyond' linguistic specificity. See my THESES

ON THE INVERSION OF THE CINEMA in MILLENNIUM FILM JOURNAL #13.



---------



But now I speak in the midst of psychosis; the web has cauterized my

intestinal tract, rendering interior and exterior identical. This is 

NOT an equivalence (as in the 'equivalence of function' for example),

but an IDENTITY, permanent and absolute, impermanent and momentary - 

an identity permitting nothing. For in the FUTURE-ANTERIOR, I have

absorbed the positionality and presence of the terminal; I no longer

distinguish (except on the level of syntax).



I PRODUCE SYNTAX. Ecriture calculateur.



---------





PSYCHOSIS





I remain in a state of psychosis. My life consists of an *appearance*

in relation to a terminal, a reduction to a behavioral model that is

problematized by the violence within me. Nothing escapes and nothing 

escapes my notice. I exist on the verge of an enormous ship, set out

from the prow, which overlooks the conjuncture of three streets; in 

the evening, lights dimly illuminate them to a distance of a mile or

so. In the midst of the yellow lights, the blue terminal rings false

and hopeful, guiding me carefully through bullets and traffic, the

illegibility of bodies strewn among landscapes. What is this talking- 

to-oneself but a desire to bridge across flesh, suture flesh, in order

to construct an impossible real. I am caught in virtual life, which is

not the same as the virtual real, but a life always elsewhere, wired

in and out, a skein of recognitions and protocols producing nothing.



I say this by way of acknowledging an absence of affect which returns

me to the body, toggling off: by this I mean all that which depriva-

tion produces, the affect of hunger or thirst. Ironically, only the

yearning of irreducible love can be fulfilled; desire channels itself

through every pore of the body, including the visible. I yearn to

stand in the midst of cyberspace, screaming where am I (hoping for an

address in return .com), but I am already there. Every message is

simultaneously an attestation of presence and emptiness; every thread

carries annihilation and the kill control at its binary heart.



By DELAY I play you back whenever I want. By REPEAT you say you love

me, once again, over and over again, blind repetition. By REWRITE, you

rewrite yourself into me, write myself, another construct. What I give

you is always already ordered, the muted marching of graphemes across

and through the machine; even your voice ACROSS the speakers is THERE,

across for my pleasure, a speaking into the imaginary (the symbolic

has long since abandoned the net) or the transfiguration of speech...

So that what you SAY is what you SPEAK and this is always a

positivity, safe haven, not the hollowed chatter of voices summoning

the juridical to and from themselves within the heated environment of

telephone conferencing, the site of the seminar, classroom livingroom

bedroom.



If NEUROSIS is the presence of REWRITE, PSYCHOSIS is the presence of

DELAY. By PRESENCE in telecommunications, I refer to nothing more or

less than THE POTENTIAL FOR ACTIVATION. A potential is a site is an

address/recognition/protocol; a potential is an inhabitation or 

dwelling of and through the net. 



Appearing before the terminal, I am aware of an interior construct in

the presence of vacuity; like light in water, my body refracts the

speed of teleporting, slowing down as waves course through the flesh,

altering direction and intensity. MY THINKING HAS BECOME A REMAINDER.

Which is not to say a BEHAVIOR; in this space, there is no behavior.

Remainder is always a presence. 



Thus the psychosis becomes MY OWN, external to any conceivable cons-

truct (of self, community, recognition), which is to some extent the

DEFINITION of psychosis. And with this MY OWN, there is always a 

problem in the liminal district between life within and without the

computer, a problem of boundaries or border-line personalities, a 

problem of margins to which we are all attendant. As psychotic, 

addiction is defined by an impossible separation; as attached, the 

world is all to readily constructed. Here ON the computer, overlooking

the real (which, psychotic, is defined as ALWAYS ALREADY ELSEWHERE no 

matter what the TERMINAL EMULATION), the streetlights are construed 

as havens of safety from gang and terrorist violence; they also 

illuminate their prey.



---



I remain in a state of psychosis. My life consists of an *appearance*

which I construct - anything to please you, anything to pass. By DELAY

you hold me against my wishes, force me into a mold or mode of 

approval. I can do this for you; I can move my fingers against the

keys in a form of reconstructive surgery. THIS IS WHAT IT TAKES. I 

pass for genius, for professor, for teenager, for angry rebel, for

artist, for someone 'with something to say,' someone who always 

listens for the careful reply. Passing inhabits negation; the other

side of the screen fills with recriminations, the designation of an

allegiance between truth and flesh. Psychosis splits the subject at

this point, not between subject and object, but between subject and

subject, the whole (which was always a coagulation) fissured and

collapsed. 



I cannot write this any longer; distended, it leans against the

symmetrical substructure of the page, places itself in apposition to

theory. Victimized by a MUSCULAR IMBALANCE, I await the onset of a

SECRETARIAL SYNDROME or 'writer's cramp,' the joints winking out one

by one in the midst of a certainty that thinks itself always

elsewhere.



Anger rises within me, protrudes and constructs a state of

detumescence. The replies, signed and unsigned, reduced to liquid

liquidation, flood terminal and file alike; the replies are my own,

pinged to each and every site on the Internet, an assurance of

existence if nothing else. And nothing else; a single loss is already

a node of emission, irreparable damage to a psyche given only to

continuous reconstitution in order to hold its own. Surgery exists to

replace the suture. The body divides not at all. The embryonic fold is

hidden between anus and penis, across the plateau of the lips or the

ridging of hair on the chest. NOT TO MENTION the duplication of the

body, side by side. NOT TO MENTION the duplication.



Unlike Lautreamont, I no longer WRITE MYSELF INTO EXISTENCE; I rewrite

myself and continue to exist as long as REWRITE itself. REWRITE must

be recognized; unlike traditional models of psychosis, it is precisely

this recognition which permits an untoward internalization. I WRITE

with green letters on a purple screen. I remain in a state of

psychosis.



(I WRITE with yellow letters on a black screen. I WRITE with white 

letters on a blue screen.)





sondheim@newschool.edu                                    4.24.2011



END OF WEB.TXT PROPER. SUPPLEMENTARY TEXTS FOLLOW.







CLARITY OF DISMEMBERMENT





As part of the POMO-L list stemming from Christopher Keep, an essay by

Jerome McGann, *The Rationale of Hypertext* was offered. In it, McGann

offers excellent arguments for the utilization of hypermedia for

literary studies. The ability of these media to microscopically

examine literary remains of all sorts problematizes the field and the

phenomenology of the humanities in general. The following is a reply.





To place Emily Dickinson within a grid structure not only reveals new

relationships among her poems and other artifacts, but also creates a

problematic structure of equivalences and threads which have little to

do with at least one of the issues of poetry: that of its materiality/

materialization, its 'idiotic real,' to amend a concept from Rosset.

Consider a trajectory, for example, in which the *pressure of her

writing implement* becomes a matter of concern - i.e. where Dickinson

pressed harder or softer upon the writing surface, judged by the

*depth of the written letter* or some such parameter. (This might be

of use to determine a degree of nervousness or tension or a

symtomology of hesitation.) Eventually, the entire opus is splayed

open upon a multi-dimensional grid, within which the poetry itself

becomes nomadic (i.e. becomes a *thread* itself through the sememe of

the *corpus*). It is too easy to forget, that in spite of all the

variants, etc. her poems *stuttered* - were produced individually for

private and/or epistolary perusal - in different stages, and that

variants are always (each for the others) *something else.* 



The skein of interpretations, etc. elicited by a hypertext *modelling

of the poet* is enormous and indefinite, just as the hypertext itself

is. Such a skein or *web* is equivalent to nothing less than the

modelling of Dickinson's body* - a *private* body or *body of privacy*

which was never intended for external and anonymous consumption. The

politics implicit in the hypertextual analytic are therefore highly

suspect.



For what is the benefit of the *Emily-WEB*? What is the benefit of

literary studies altogether? As the hypertextual analyses distend/

descend into the molecular, the splayed body clearly represents a

state of desire and imaginary possession - i.e. 'we have her now' - a

possession reminiscent of that of a lover/stalker in search of an

uncanny sublime (*Emily-Web-Wet-Dream*). What is ultimately *raised

(from the dead)* is the simulacrum or fantasm of the woman, the

*favorite object of study* - one can see this in operation, for

example, in the fetishization of filmmaker Maya Deren. (Consider the

Usenet possibilities: alt.fan.fetish.Emily.web, alt.sex.Emily. What of

the woman's voice that speaks through disembodiment; LITERARY STUDIES

ARE ALWAYS STUDIES OF VOICE-OVERS, Vygotsky's *inner speech.* In

death, *Emily-Web-Speech* is that of the maternal chora(l), one's own

private dream-screen-memory...)



If these issues were only addressed (Barthes came close)... What is

lost in McGann's and other's account is the *inertia* of the poem, its

presence *then* and its resulting *distanciation* from our own

present. Such a distanciation inhabits and produces the *unaccount-

able,* an obdurate historical trope which *cannot* be subsumed and is

always already unknowable. To a degree, the splayed body is a false

knowledge constituted and contaminated by the desire of the theorist 

(and this applies to myself, as well, in relation for example to my

INTERNET TEXT which is a devouring or fetishization - and which allows

me the glimpse of an impossible *maternal*). 



Recognize that the *Emily-Web-Splayed-Body* is the result of hypertex-

tual machinery, machinery which surgically devours the textual body

according to the inscription-knife of the scholar or critic. This is

always a choice through and in the midst of the symbolic; hypertext is

interstitial. Thus the body is triply contaminated: by desire, by

machine, and by interstice (the digital approaches the analog only to

a degree, no matter how high the tolerance - the 'truth' that appears

to be offered is always *porous*).



And the splayed Dickinsonian body *cannot resist.* It is evident that

during her lifetime of relative solitude she *circumscribed* herself

with a high degree of privacy. The violation of this circumscription

does not open her poems, perhaps, so much as foreclose upon her body.

If privacy were part and parcel of her (her/metic) content, then its

violation is already a stripping of language, content, and the inert.

Of course there is no return to a state of innocence; as knowledge of

*Emily-Minutia* increases, the *Emily-Web* itself becomes unwieldy,

necessitating further data-bases, further obscurities. (Which brings

me to Kristeva's REVOLUTION IN POETIC LANGUAGE, a work constructed on

the murmuring and surplus of language, language's operations forming a

hard-to-swallow kernel in the midst of everyday speech. In REVOLUTION,

language has primacy over a *Ducasse/Mallarme-Web,* a primacy based on

the obdurate. Neither Isidore nor Stephane are skewered in the

process.)



Which brings me to conclusion: What of *hypertext, machine, desire,

**Emily-Web,** dissection*? Aren't these the results of the implicit

unravelling of the theorist's desire? Doesn't this occur upon the

body-as-database that construes a primary violation? All of these

questions are clearly grounded in the more general one of *the future

of the humanities,* a question lodged in the midst of hypertextuality

and *electronic subjectivity* in general.



sondheim@newschool.edu

-----------



I MOVED INTO THE FOURTH SECTOR WHERE THE PASSWORDS WERE. 





I was thrown off; they weren't at the beginning or the end - and if

they were meant to be disguised, why were they located so close to 

the beginning - it didn't take much to retrieve them, or any other 

information for that matter. 



This movement occurred elsewhere, not a moment of thought to it! You

might have imagined the physical transport of one or another object 

- you might have imagined wandering through cyberspace - but nothing

could be farther from the truth. No, I MOVED INTO THE FOURTH SECTOR;

there are those who recognize this and those who don't, just as there

are those with computers and those who can hardly read or write.



To be illiterate means that you won't be able to read or decode this

information - it's obdurate, a stumbling block to any higher level.

But I do want to make clear (in this residue, like a diary left by a

novelist in her construction of a novel) (or other narratological 

machine), that 'higher' is hardly a matter of degree or topology.



At one point, you'd consider 'higher' to refer either directly to 

'height' or to a superset subsuming lower-level architectures and

their linkages. The linkages were never part of the architectures,

and were thereby invisible; their presence was only in the form of

input and output. From within, a GREAT DEGREE OF FREEDOM. From 

without, all those protocols, recognitions, SUBJECTIVITY constrained

by the 'system.'



The system was never a system. If it were a system there would be

rules, and I read none. There would be protocols, and there weren't 

any. There would be nomenclature, some form of addressing, and this 

too was absent. And in the fourth sector I was hardly aware of the 

other three, but only of the presence of CLARA, the name I had chosen

from within a myriad others, but there was no system and the name was

not within the system.



I would never reach a higher level tunnelling and locking myself into

the phenomenology of the proper name, a name which remained rigid,

the interconnectivities of invisible flesh. I knew that names were

removable; I had a suspicion that a wraith or ghost would result.

This could only occur in the form of a NULL-SET VIRUS replicating

itself without the presence of memory, in no-memory-space but 

murmur-space.



Murmur-space was where you went to decode CLARA, already filled with

the null-set. 



There was always already a question of the decoding, that is a 

question of the use or function of the passwords. Consider this bit

of data: CLARA:>\0 where "0" clearly was a stand-in for a demarcation

or inscription BETWEEN ONE AND ANOTHER DISCARD: Xn[-X]=0.rel.X or the

semantic boundary (intersection) between the concept and its negation

which was always relativized by the concept. In CLARA:>\0 the "rel"

was missing, taking the "X" along with it - no boundary, no concept,

nothing but a neutral token "0" which, drained of meaning, indicated

that the password was a blind alley.



I had this insight: ALL PASSWORDS ARE BLIND ALLEYS. (For a moment it

appeared as if there were nowhere to go.) In murmur-space, there is

never anywhere to go.



"One interesting kind of a projection onto the image of one's own 

body (or onto the real body of another) is the phenomenon of the

self-creation of the CORPOREAL FACE. In this phenomenon, one sees a

face of a "monstrous being" whose PROJECTED FEATURES are made up on

the following real body parts: the real shoulders become the "top of

head," mammal areolae become "oculi" (with female, proptosis), navel

to "nares," pubes to "mouth," and with male, penis to "lingua." This

face, though quite vacuous of itself, can be made quite frightening,

sad or happy with proper programming. Once seen, it is easily pro- 

grammed even with extreme body position changes. Analysis shows, in 

a particular case, that this face is in storage from very young 

childhood and was generated/resulted from phantasies about bodies,

male and female, threatening/seductive. This projection is useful as

a tracer of certain kinds of fears." (Lilly, THE HUMAN BIOCOMPUTER)



There was never anywhere to go because murmur-space didn't have

topography or topology; it was impossible to splice. Replications

followed on replications, and sheaves collapsed into one another, all

ontologically suspect. This was the PARADOX OF THE INFINITE described

by many philosophers: Given a book one inch thick, let the first page

be half an inch wide, the second page half the width of the first,

etc. Clearly the book contains an infinite amount of pages. The front

cover, *CLARA.WEB* is an object like any other, the promise of

cultural fulfillment, a certain plunge into desire and absolution.

But what happens when you turn the book over? Here, now, MURMUR-SPACE

appears within the turbulence of the infinite itself, quantum tunnel-

ling characterizing indescribable seething - seething absolutely 

silent, occluding, absent. Here was the corrosion of the CLara-

designator, as useless (more useless! without coordinates!) as a 

black-hole, pertaining to nothing. 



In MOVING ABOUT within the fourth sector, I began to realize the

NATURE OF ALL THINGS in the FACE OF THE BODY, and, removing myself,

began to conceive of a DISCOURSE or TEXT within which to display the

TRUTHS I have learned. This short essay, ALL I COULD MUSTER, is what

remains. SHALL I VENTURE THERE AGAIN? I am blocked by the most

primary protocols of all: their ABSENCE, the absence of any gateways

whatsoever. I meander, turn upon myself on this side of a region

without valleys, hills, bridges, or those long highways appearing

almost linear in the dusk. I form a knot, which some designate (else- 

where than CLARA.NULL!) the beginning of an ego or the conscious...

-----------





*CLARA.WEB*





Thinking at night, lying back, my full breasts exposed to the waning

neon light, cycling back upon itself, my fingers softly touching the

upper regions of the clitoris, realms that I hold sacred or wait in

abeyance, during these moments the deep male voice appears, I am in 

trance, rising fully above my golden body, illuminations sparkling

around the wind-swept room, conjuring always a sacrifice beyond



During these moments the cry of a solitary rooster far off, even 

farther than the distant cane fields, breaks my silence, the homey 

smell of beans on the mesquite fire, the dreamwork of a thin sliver 

of blood flowing from the feathered neck, the caw of the black crow,

returning to the Torah illuminated by negative symbols and darkened

dreams



They are all in a flight, chaining each to the other, the body in

murmur-space disappearing down or beneath the wooden planking of the

tunnel floor, my arms sweating in the dim light, candles in one or

another shanty, an odor of jasmine and ginger almost indescribable



Lunar whispers, my fingers deeper within my shadows, the voice 

giving way to a muffled chant, a repetition of four times four, the

rustle of a ferret in the underbrush, the double shadows of the moons

crossing my cunt, dividing and healing me, the bringing-together of

my labia moist with the pressure of sensitive hands



The touch of the warm earth, wet and textured with dark roots, ivy 

slowly spinning its way along buried stems, a solid or obdurate 

pleasure grounding the upper world in the lower, my back half-buried

in mud smoothed by water-plants and mollusca, the tidal seething

into my cunt, into my anus, my head, long black hair, thrown back

in incandescent laughter, the rooster suddenly silenced.

-----------





SUDDENLY SINGING





I moved into the first sector.

Throughout the first sector I moved. C:>\0.

I moved in the midst of the second sector.

Everywhere in the second sector I moved. C:>\debug.

I moved beyond the third sector.

Within the third sector I moved beyond. C:>\defrag.

I moved across the fourth sector.

WHERE THE PASSWORDS WERE I moved across the fourth sector.

WHERE THERE WAS NOTHING I moved throughout the fourth sector.

WHERE I HAD NO NAME I moved everywhere in the fourth sector.

NULL-SET VIRUS AND NOWHERE TO GO: C:>\C:>\\DELETE.GLOBAL.



The passwords were on a loop. I couldn't break through. The cane was

ready for harvesting. Having no secrets my legs opened wider. I 

opened them as wide as possible. You have no way to decode. You have

no construct of DECODE. DELETE is the best you come up with. DELETE

is no answer at all. I came up with the blind alley. I came up with

CLARA.NULL! You have all my secrets. O C:>SECRETS.TXT! C:>CLARA.WEB.

(The period begins the existence of another path.) I splayed my legs

open for you! I gave you a gift!



C:>ACCESS DENIED.

C:>LOGIN USER-NAME. sondheim@newschool.edu

C:>LOGIN PASSWORD.

-----------

