





 



DEATH IN THE MIDST OF THE METAPHYSICS OF SUBSTANCE





I grew up with the dissolute thoughts of Richard Nixon reiterating like

a web around me in a tangled imaginary that refused resolution; even

his death is another reverberation or hieroglyph whose overall form 

remains occluded. This is not to speak of the finality of death - Kurt

Cobain saw to the *finality* - but to speak only of its loss within

murmur or emission, a loss growing less and less each day as the face

merges with the terminal and as digital absolution increasingly

promises eternal life.



It is this promise which is also a premise, that is addictive: the 

whisper of forever-speaking, an interminable echo which reproduces 

exactly, without diminution, everything everywhere - a reiteration of

the real that continues after the physical body dies. There are no

iron curtains closing down; there is always a noiseless system in the

midst of noise, always one clarification following another like an

interminable analysis that ceases to be a therapeutic but becomes,

instead, a skeletal articulation of the real.



Within cyberdeath cyberin cyberspace, the real is always already an 

articulation; the body merges and is never at a loss.



How far we have come? No longer do communists exist in every department

in every agency of the government; evil has transformed into the 

anarchic wearing-down of the cyber- and social order - no longer evil

but the stroke of Richard Nixon swelling the brain itself, pressing 

down confusedly (there is nowhere to go) upon the stem, within which

consciousness resides. Inscription has become at best a microterritori-

alization, the circumscription of an eternal domain characterized by

the modernism of a well-defined address. 



I am one with the domain. This is why I am `never at a loss,' a position

among many, one with lag. For it is through lag that I recuperate myself

in order to speak forever; I am certain of this speech, always a 

totality and always brilliant. Through lag I maintain my brilliance;

nothing os foreclosed, and my texts bare open my greatest secrets. These

I am willing to sacrifice. 



My secrets fissure my body, exposing the moist interior to cyberspace

itself; cells align themselves in arrays designed to access pixels upon

the screen. 



Nothing is UPON the screen; what is present is only a residue or

reminder of the interior of the body, the WEB INVERSION. The screen is

always the screen FOR OTHERS, a circumscription produced by an 

interiority or chaotic domain, as if there were evil in the world, as 

if there were either death or a world. What I write then is this 

writing of the OTHERNESS, an infiltration or virus - a contamination 

- producing legibility, almost unnecessary in the face of an undesiring 

death.



It is this OTHERNESS (which is not-screen) that is a rewriting as well

as writing, that reformulates the equation: I am a REWRITE of the

otherness; I am an infiltration of the screen; I am viral. What is 

this but an addiction or parasitology, my body conforming to the 

protocol of the host? Conforming is always a reconforming as connections

form and dissolve, multiply and dissolve. I am changed by this otherness

that I am that I change. There is no end to it, no end to the addiction; 

there is no end to the lists, the alt.user.user.sex.user.talk with the 

user-particle buried within.



Burrowed within: for every user is an Internet Worm; every user expands; 

every user recirculates the debris of the Net. (The 1988 worm itself,

ironically, is an inversion in this regard; by propagating equivalence,

it integrates the Net, creates a healthy redundency, dampens noise, 

creates greater and greater potential wells, and eventually turns the

whole Net (EVERYTHING!) into the totality of an almost-perfect 

firewall, ensuring continuous and eternal existence. For equivalence, 

within and without the fractal domain, characterizes substance; the 

Net becomes substance, and the otherness, a collapse of the 

mirror-stage. 



How can there be perfect death in the midst of perfect death?



<<In real life, I don't remember anything; as in Sartre's Psychology of

<<the Imagination, I RECONSTRUCT (and is that the correct title?). The

<<fact that nothing slips away, that everything remains static, a series

<<of images, produces the uncanny; Richard Nixon is not ever dead, and

<<Kurt Cobain has not ever lived. His image remains a prefiguration of

<<the cover of People magazine, absenting itself in its presence. Both

<<Cobain and Nixon are my reponse to the world, a descent beyond

<<murmur. But I do not remember the world, have no IDEA of the world.

<<In real life, I don't remember anything. (WHAT IS THIS STUFF?)

<<

<<How can there be perfect life in the midst of perfect life?



<I remember Sony, Timex, Texas Instruments, Hewlett Packard; I remember

<Amiga, Osborne, IBM; I remember Mac, Apple; I remember THE CHILDREN OF

<MARX AND COCA-COLA; THE CHILDREN OF MARX AND COCA-COLA; I REMEMBER

<JEAN-LUC GODARD.



<<I REMEMBER EDWARD JABES, CONVERSATIONS WITHOUT END, WITHOUT BEGINNING,

<<THE BOOK SCATTERED LIKE LEAVES ACROSS THE DESERT, THE INTERMINGLING

<<OF SAND, THE DENOUEMENT OF SAND



<Sand is already the clutter of the real just as the screen is the 

<residue of the otherness of the self; sand is the REWRITE of wind just

<as the screen REWRITES the murmur of the name



<<Sand is the hypertext without end, beginning and ending nowhere at 

<<all, an infinity of connections



<perfect lives in the midst of perfect deaths



<<perfect deaths in the midst of perfect lives



And I am viral in the midst of lives, in the midst of deaths; I inhabit

both, and am never at a loss, for flesh, for lives, for good conversa-

tion - never at a loss for perfection...

		  

I SPEAK WITH NEVER LAG.



