



STATUES SPEAK THE QUESTIONABLE


Think of the SPEAKING STATUE as an extension of realism - handicraft
traced through excess, falling into the simulacrum. The voice becomes
an appendage, the calling of- or through- the stone itself.

The PRODUCTION of the stone is perfect, a duplication of the exterior
of the real. The calling is a result of the perfection; the stone is
inhabited. The voice is an excess, the real produced by the simulacrum
of the real. Consider this: The real is always an excess. The exterior
transforms into the interior, mute stone into the dwelling of speech.
But there is an inverse:

The speaking statue as the frozen or confined body - withdrawn and
pained, a form of the bellowing `iron maiden.' If the first version is
a DIFFERENTIATION of stone into code (DNA or language), the second is
an INTEGRATION or foreclosing of the body. 

The body which is foreclosed is a tortured body, sutured into a
totality. Such a body is immobile; speaking, it bears witness.* It
does nothing but bears witness. This is the dominated body, but never
the masochistic, which operates within and without a horizon of
freedom.

Or it speaks, rigid, angered: a state of catatonia or self-immobiliza-
tion, a choice against the world. What does it speak? Certainly not
the anger or the witnessing of the world; it speaks a rigid and
phallocentric interiority, the trauma, real or imagined, of an
originary scenario.

These bodies lend themselves to the mythological, neither one thing
nor another - a mythology which transgresses epistemology and the
construct of the living.

For the speaking statue, the body, is tortured and confined IN ORDER
TO WITNESS: the body of the oracle. Or the perfection of the stone or
the sacred which 'invites' speech: the oracle again. Sacrifice, the
silencing of the spoken through the total confinement of the body,
silences the exterior witness who becomes a gift-thing by extinction -
you say to the Gods, I'm serious!

The construct/essence of electronic subjectivity: representation of
the body BY speech, speech dragging the body behind it. But WHAT is
speaking (i.e. beyond what is spoken) is always already mediation,
vis-a-vis a hierarchy of recognitions, addresses, programs, protocols.
Nothing is alive but the speech itself, electron flux. Everything lies
in the interpretation.

These inhabitations or implementations are always uncanny, disturbing,
because of a tension or striation contradicting the surface phenomena.
The subject-spoken-to is at a loss; it is his or her problematic, not
that of the statue itself. The interiority of the statue resonates as
a Kantian ding-an-sich, bracketed and revealed through a contradictory
symptomology. Evidence is never a problem for evidence. At this
juncture one assumes the observer either human or cyborg. The statue
speaks, sputters, stutters. What does the statue say? Does it say it
is a statue? Does it say it is at last real, at last one with the
human or machine?

And what of the shaman who speaks? The terminal spewed from the
shaman? What speaks through the shaman, through the materiality of the
shaman in order to speak of the other that is human? 

Is speaking the answer, were there a question, to death?

Is speaking an answer?


*Is the totality always an orality? Is the proper name a circum-
locution generated from within? Does totality exist without
totalizing? ...

