=



THE DIGITAL DOMAIN AND FACTICITY, WITTGENSTEIN'S *TRACTATUS*



Briefly, it is always well to return to the springing of thought; in
this case, a re-examination of Wittgenstein's *Tractatus Logico-
Philosophicus* is in order, particularly in regard to the digital
domain. The work relies on the Sheffer stroke* ("not both A and B")
and its dual ("neither A nor B") to construct a logical picture of the
world. General propositions are obtained "by taking any selection of
atomic propositions, negating them all, then taking any selection of
the set of propositions now obtained, together with any of the
originals - and so on indefinitely. This is, he [Wittgenstein] says,
the general truth-function and also the general form of proposition."
(Russell introduction.) Certainly, the Sheffer stroke and its dual
operate on a Boolean calculus with 0 and 1 values, a digital domain. 

Two points are immediately evident: First, the domain is reminiscent
of _any_ digital construct, including ASCII, Mosaic decoding, Quick-
Time, etc. Second, the Sheffer stroke and its dual both construe a
negation which is ELSEWHERE; the instability of the stroke is
bolstered by "neither A nor B," which, I have shown in other texts,
implies a conceivably fissured and non-circumscribed domain. If the
stroke itself is a phallic reordering of the propositional calculus
into a singular basis, the negation is an opening beyond or elsewhere
than the calculus. Nevertheless, both operations within a computer or
networked domain imply, necessarily, recourse to the digital at every
step; this is the effect of protocol, address, and recognition.

There is a shaky argument possible here. Consider the stroke opera-
ting on ASCII symbols themselves (the "monkeys typing Hamlet" thought-
experiment); then all ASCII utterances, which are always already
coded, are reproduced. Hence the *Tractatus* holds in this limited
domain. The truth-table would simply be the existence of an ASCII
string within a pre-inscribed framework. Within the frame of this
essay, for example, the ASCII utterance "ASCII utterance" = 1 since it
is present. It is clear that sets of potential utterances are subsets
of others; the domain folds in upon itself.

It should be noted that, by Cantor's diagonal argument, it would never
be possible to (re)produce, even theoretically on an aleph-null level,
the set of all utterances. But this is not germane; what we are
considering is the set of all utterances _always already produced_
within a domain. The totality of Net utterances, for example, from
1990-1995, forms such a set. It is clear by the absurdity of this
totality that the set is somewhat absurd and fuzzy, even within ASCII.
Questions immediately arise concerning the epistemology of the Net;
still, the principle is worth considering.

The digital domain is a _frozen_ domain in the sense of acceptance of
binary information; in this sense, a deeper (Sheffer and dual)
construction, beyond ASCII, is envisioned. This construction is based
only on _distinction_ between 1 and 0, _one and the other_. (I have
shown elsewhere ("Spew" etc. in Internet Text) that repeated dis-
tinctions lead to peculiar symmetries. But 1/0 is dependent only upon
concatenation at this point.) 

Let us examine briefly the seven integral (1,2,3,4,5,6,7) sections of
the *Tractatus* in light of all of this:


"1 The world is all that is the case." In German, "Die Welt is alles,
was der Fall ist." and the comma-separation implies, as well, that the
world is a totality. Consider the Internet as "that which is the case"
- or any other digital domain. Then the case is defined by firewall,
protocol, etc.

"2 What is the case - a fact - is the existence of states of affairs."
To translate into digital communication: A fact is a concatenation or
string of binary symbols (note that the symbols themselves are empty;
one can use just as easily "3/4", "</>", etc.). This is evident from
"2.01 A state of affairs (a state of things) is a combination of
objects (things)." 

"3 A logical picture of facts is a thought." This is followed by "3.01
The totality of true thoughts is a picture of the world." If "logical"
is defined by "an instance of" - using the Sheffer stroke or its dual
to produce concatenated binary symbols - this is clearly true, since
the domain is compared to the set of concatenations. (Note that the
domain may be considered to possess a "resonance" with itself; it is
technically reflexive, a self-mapping.)

"4 A thought is a proposition with a sense." (German: "Der Gedanke ist
der sinnvolle Satz." Note "sinnvolle.") And in "4.002 Man possesses
the ability to construct languages capable of expressing every sense,
without having any idea how each word has meaning or what its meaning
is - just as people speak without knowing how the individual sounds
are produced." This - and other statements within the section - argues
for either a hierarchical or holarchic division of the domain, which
is precisely what occurs in Net topography, or within a computer in
the escalation from machine/assembly language through compilers/
interpreters to higher-level programming. Wittgenstein goes on to say
"Language disguises thought. So much so, that from the outward form of
the clothing it is impossible to infer the form of the thought beneath
it, because the outward form of the clothing is not designed to reveal
the form of the body, but for entirely different purposes."


If the logicism of the *Tractatus* was faulted for its ultimate
insistence on a metaphysical atomism, that atomism is clearly
returning full-force within the digital domain. Obviously the domain
ALWAYS operates within a specific bandwidth, but, by virtue of the
gestural quality of non-distributive non-Boolean lattices/logics, the
domain extends itself elsewhere or beyond the specificity. The return
to the *Tractatus* and its argument is a return to the initial
bandwidth; Wittgenstein in 4.002 is clearly aware of this. What is
occurring here is a peculiar return to a 19th-century classicism,
dream of an absolute. Ironically, it also becomes the dream of the
future. Let us proceed.


"5 A proposition is a truth-function of elementary propositions. (An
elementary proposition is a truth-function of itself.)" The first part
of 5 argues for compound or concatenated elementary propositions; we
have seen this in the initial formulation cited above. The second part
argues for a resonance or self-reflexivity of any statement; we have
also found this correct. These considerations are clear in computer
languages themselves; for a program to "run" in QBasic, concatenation
symbols ("AND" in certain cases and ":" in others) are used. Consider
the proposition in QBasic "X = X + 1." This is true; it will "run"
within a program, if X is either undefined or defined as a number. But
"X + 1 = X" will not run; the assignment is unclear. One can say,
using a metaphysics of "run/not-run," that an elementary proposition
is true of itself if it "runs" and not true ("false") of itself if it
does not run. This eliminates the problematic ontological leap from
tautology to substance that otherwise might be encountered. Another
method of elimination is to consider the basic symbol set itself (0/1,
etc.) as elementary propositions.

"6 The general form of a truth-function is [*p,*E,N(*E)]. This is the
general form of a proposition." The expression is translated into
ASCII; "E" and "N" are Greek letters, and "*X" means that "X" is over-
lined. In Russell's description, "*p stands for all atomic [i.e.
binary - A.S.] propositions"; the second expression "stands for any
set of propositions"; and the third "stands for the negation of all
the propositions making up *E." This returns to the considerations at
the beginning of the essay.


The following earlier propositions are also immediately applicable:


"5.632 The subject does not belong to the world: rather, it is a limit
of the world." "5.641 Thus there really is a sense in which philosophy
can talk about the self in a non-psychological way. What brings the
self into philosophy is the fact that 'the world is my world.' The
philosophical self is not the human being, not the human body, or the
human soul, with which psychology deals, but rather the metaphysical
subject, the limit of the world - not a part of it." The digital
domain has an INTERIOR - the hierarchical/holarchic ordering, and an
EXTERIOR - which is always already elsewhere, the metaphysical subject
propelling the _semantics_ of the domain.


While the domain is granular, the subject is not. But the explication
of the subject approaches granularity, just as virtual reality
achieves finer and finer rasters. There is no "ultimate" here.


"6.5 When the answer cannot be put into words, neither can the
question be put into words. The _riddle_ does not exist. If a question

can be framed at all, it is also _possible_ to answer it." A question
that can be answered is a question that is FORMATTED. To FORMAT a
question is to WRITE it in order to RUN it. 


_The representation of the metaphysical subject is always a REWRITE
within the digital domain._

_The existence of the representation is a RUN REWRITE._


"7 What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence." The older
translation: "we must consign to silence." German: "Wovon man nicht
sprechen kann, darueber muss man schweigen." This has been subject to
considerable interpretation ranging from the limitation of the domain
of facticity to the problematic representation of ethics; certainly,
the latter sections of the *Tractatus* tends towards ethos. Reverting
momentarily to a Kripkean semantics, what is passed over is never a
natural kind, nor a rigid designator; naming HOLDS within the world of
pictures, facts, and propositions. Here, the silence is that of the
exteriority of the metaphysical subject, whose real-life semantics are
not reducible to codification (single, double, or triple). But the
digital domain is manipulated and to some extent ulterior, even in
virtual reality; codification is always present (just as codification
is necessary in any definition of life, artificial or otherwise). 


The digital domain, however defined, is therefore a construct amenable
to an analytical treatment based on the *Tractatus* and other similar
texts. The descriptive aphoristic of the later Wittgenstein, particu-
larly *Philosophical Investigations* then becomes, not a questioning
of the ontological status of the *Tractatus,* but an account of a
fuzzy and irregular epistemology applied on the level of the semantics
of the metaphysical subject. The earlier/later work is paralleled by
interior/exterior; at the beginning of the third millennium, the
increased raster of the digital (increased bandwidth) parallels the
increased articulation of the exterior FROM the interior. Hence the
necessity for a return, however undesirable, to the earlier
Wittgenstein, even to a Hertzian mechanics. I see the resulting and
necessary SPLIT (*SPALTUNG*) OF THE SUBJECT as unavoidable; on one
hand, the horizon of perfect control and description, and, on the
other, the postmodern fragmentation of the totality of the real world
on every level, from that of the nation-state, to that of mathematics
or even the closed dominion of the digital.

In other words, it is not that the torsion occurs only within a
postmodernism of congealed and dispersed subjectivity, but also 
without a digital articulation in which a remnant of 19th-century
classicism is buried - and absolutely necessary for any form of
digital communication or "reality" whatsoever.

--------

*The Sheffer stroke and its dual are "elementary operations" out of
which it is possible to construct the complete syntax of propositional
logic. Nicod's single axiom basis utilizes the stroke.


