=



THE LAST SCIENCE FICTION STORY


The last science fiction story has moved beyond cyberspace, beyond
characters immersed in virtual realities, cyborg denizens in advance
of electronic interpenetration, beyond hackers on the cyberfrontier
surfing in spaces mediated among themselves, no alternative and no
crash-landing.

For just as a flower in the physical world catalyses, through a
careful adaptation of color, form, touch and scent, a world of
emotions and exaltations - and just as a full teledildonic bodysuit in
cyberspace awakens sexualizations, arousals, emotions and
exaltations - just so the last science fiction story awakens these
emotions, these exaltations.

For what has become clear in the distant future is that there is no
need for bodysuits at all, and certainly no need for the massive
computations substructure necessary for cyberspace. Cyberspace is
nothing more than a transition between one real and another, a plateau
designed from the bottom up, worked from the top down, to produce
certain effects in the organism.

These effects can bypass cyberspace. The creation of these effects can
bypass cyberspace. 

The symbol only stands for that which it produces; the signifier is
absolutely absent without reception. The reception trembles throughout
the sememe. The trembling is the emotion and exaltation.

So that the last science fiction story has no fiction, no character,
no virtual reality, no cyberspace. The last science fiction story
alludes to a state of mind, an inhabitation, without language, without
proper names or entities. Nothing occurs because NOTHING NEEDS TO
OCCUR. It is a state hinted at by drugs on the way towards the margins
of hallucinations when everything drops away drops down. It is a state
of cracking blinding the light of the sun or every other signifier. It
is a state of obsessive and unobserved movement, the swaying of an
animal in the throes of death. 

Everything else crashes in relation to this state. Everything else
devolves upon it. This is why every science fiction story except this,
the last science fiction story, must present character, plot, and
entity, even if hallucinatory - because every science fiction story
retards, holds back, refuses, the final denouement. Because the final
denouement, of which this is only a signifier, is WITHOUT INTEREST, a
disinvestment. It is without mysticism as well, without atmosphere. It
is without death as well.

It is a state which is not a state because it is an inhabitation of
little interest in description because nothing happens because nothing
needs to happen. One dwells there, and there is no massive computation
or the machinery is silent or absent because there are no programs.
Nothing need appear more or less real because the real itself is only
a way-station. Proper names, even the first, second, or third person
characters, lose their identity, because there is no necessity for
identity, and not necessarily a personhood, identical or not.

Every science fiction story except for this must live with this story
as its horizon. Every story stops short, because, in order for it to
be a story, it must inhabit a broken or wounded space, a space where
things occur, happenings, and so forth. Cyberspace is always so noisy
and the plot is constructed out of the noise which often forms the
inner voices of the characters as well.

But in this last science fiction story there is no plot because not
only do things not occur but there is no one no proper name for things
to occur to. There is no inner voice and no narrative and so the last
science fiction story is only a description which can allude to
something, but not in the way of the mystical, but only because where
nothing happens or is, there is nothing to describe.

But it is this state, that of emotion and exaltation and perfect
interest without boredom, that one will attain in the far future, if
there is one. The science fiction story before the last is constructed
on this "if" because there is always the possibility of apocalypse.
However in this state there is no apocalypse.

The last science fiction does not "have" an end, but it only comes to
an end, once the description is made, to the best of my ability; it
comes to an end.

