



X-cs: 
From:     Self <ZEOS/SONDHEIM>
To:       Everyone That Cares
Subject:  Re: -------
Date:     30 Apr 94 03:55:01

From:          Self <ZEOS/SONDHEIM>
To:            The Rest of Them
Subject:       -------
Date:          30 Apr 94 03:50:51

I'm beginning to realize the advantage of living in Brooklyn. I've
been reading Taylor/Saarinen's Imagologies, considering it for the
courses I'm going to be teaching, either here or there, and finding
myself infuriated at the consistent rhetoric and totalizations
employed. There's absolutely no concept of capital, except a certain
notion of localization that's never spelled out. Scarcity doesn't
occur to these guys; neither does multiculturalism. Everything is
electric/electronic in an inversion in which (for me) their
fragmentary becomes a totalized classical imperialism. In Brooklyn,
half the kids have beepers, guns; less have cb radios; telephones of
all sorts; boomboxes. Yet there are territorializations and
specificities connected with all of these, based first on scarcity and
second on the intensifications of local interests. T&S seem so full
of themselves that "local" is rendered meaningless; let everyone
starve as long as the academy can be attacked for its lack of
differentiation.

I've always had a Baudrillard problem here as well; totalization
becomes just another absolute in the face of Roseanne and its
demographics. What's wrong with these people? They were born before
the atomic era and the bomb-temperature is the first destruction
leaving neither trace nor ash. They wear their skins like skeins.
While all of this might seem like empty complaint, in Brooklyn the
real, no matter how defined, appears obdurate; survival is the
specificity of recognition, not channel or net-surfing. And clearly
such survival or lack of it is the future, net or not-net, given the
exponential increase in planetary pollution, noise, and ecological
destruction.

Maybe the problem lies in the American use of the acronym itself,
combined with a totalizing metaphor (like desiring-machine, cyber-
space, power) that appears as the horizon of the frontier. We remain
a frontier culture, examining, establishing, and breaking down our
various barbed-wire fences that make no landmark distinctions except
the cutting-off of lines-of-flight. We bury ourselves in our
homesteads, consuming 3-10 times per capita the planetary average of
energy, calories, etc. Whatever the problem is, T&S carry, like
Kroker or Baudrillard, the simulacrum over the libertarian edge.
There's not much left except an enticing depravity, speed-of-light
noise, and the emptied/forgotten future of places like Mexico City,
Somalia, Peru...

End of radio report\thanks for listening\sondheim@newschool.edu


