=



I LOOK THROUGH YOUR EYES


Begin, I say, begin.

I have disappeared from my life. At one point, I had fashioned an
artwork or sculpture, a wire envelope indicating the farthest reaches
of my arms and legs, the inner space of the body. Wire formed the
surface between flesh and the outer world, and wire was the metaphor
for transverse or transgressive logics carrying the weight of gesture
across the body itself.

It is this beyond, thrust against gesture, to which gesture cannot
penetrate, that I dedicate this short essay in the elegiac mode.
Romanticism, always illusory, bases itself upon such, and I find
myself within its portals, about to make an entrance accompanied by
numerous shades and indeterminate genders.

I speak of the envelope of wires, of telephones and computer networks,
of communications focused upon the parabolic mirror of the heart. For
here, I have received one ghost only to discard another; I have been
discarded by a third, and enveloped by a fourth who murmurs,
everything has limitations and your body has written me.

And years ago, I believed in just this: that I have written myself
simultaneously in and out of existence, that writing was the hinge
turned against the sheer inertia of the world. But now I reach out and
find the current of the wires dangerous and sparking; ozone fills the
air which I remember to breath, and haunted pools of liquid threaten
annihilation if I overstep the keyboard and its memories. Here I have
learned from Weber: The Call is always a translation, mercurial at
best, and the Call is literate.

I bend deeper into the keys themselves, jetsam on an indeterminate
sea. My back strains with the weight of moderated thought. Beyond the
window is another window. Beyond another window is a window, darkness
outside illuminated by the circular resonance of yellowed lamps
disappearing in a forced perspective, Dean Street drowned by so many
others. London would not have suffered in the comparison; London is a
word of magic, illuminated by the street of the kindly Dean, Swift to
the occasion: 

          "Suppose me dead; and then suppose
           A club assembled at the Rose;
           Where, from Discourse of this or that,
           I grow the Subject of their Chat."

The petals stem themselves from a breast or fountain animate, close to
the invention of steam for rail or water transportation. Steam
breathes the extension of language in the future Railway Panic or
speculation arranged from capital and fear of the compression of flesh
itself. No longer etiquette holds against the centrifugal thrust
repeatedly towards empire returning gold to Portugal and Spain.
Violence occurs whenever discourse is downed, the table replaced by
emptied telephony, packets and nodes choked with useless information
rewriting, on a continuous basis, the history of the electrical world
itself. So my eyes are closed; dead, I continue.


To continue to conjure or reproduce those which I love and those whom
I have loved, or merely, in relation to an indifference: I would find
you beyond the hindrance of address. To do so is to remember, the
password leads only to a null file; every word passes and every word
returns writing/culture degree zero. Suppose it dead, you dead,
myself: This uncanny harboring continues, nightly, tall ships with
masts catching electron wind between one and another star, sailing
mournfully down Dean Street itself, passing in calmed or still waters
and nowhere moving or returning.

It is the stillness which shapes the thing. The thing occurs only in
the shaping of silence. Letters project their third dimension; it is
necessary as well that I am here, producing the occurrence of their
text, that is to say, their dominion. More than the dominion of
letters I am not, and more I would be.

I have been discarded, effaced; no longer existing, existence
disappears after one more address, one more presence. You do not make
it real; emission pools beyond you, a doubled annular eclipse
shadowing in the form of stuttered outline. Beyond the street is
another street.

          "The fools, my juniors by a year,
           Are tortur'd with suspense and fear;
           Who wisely thought my age a screen,
           When death approach'd, to stand between:
           The screen remov'd, their hearts are trembling;
           They mourn for me without dissembling."

Dean Swift, Alan Sondheim, 432 Dean Street, and Brooklyn, NY, and
11217.

