=



TRAVIS


Travis slowed the craft down; the edges were already glowing, and he
was still six hundred kilometers above the surface of the planet. The 
surface continued to display the odd diffraction pattern he had 
noticed from space, a pattern filling every conceivable declivity
in sight. He turned, veered left. He turned, veered right. The pattern
remained the same.

So down he went for a closer look, this time at about fifty. The sheen
remained, striations visible this time - or was it an illusion? You 
couldn't be sure if you were a space explorer on the run from your own 
personal demons.

Closer still; at one kilometer, some sort of channels were visible. And
then - without any sort of provocation to deter him - he floated at
ten meters above

what appeared to be row after row of dully reflecting containers, each
with a porthole opening to the double suns. Travis landed on a mountain
plateau, out of reach. Travis descended on foot.

He reached the edge of the container-fields. He looked in the porthole 
of the nearest; an organism, or at least a part of one, was visible.
Silence. Nothing communicating whatsoever. He touched the surface of
the container

and was thrown back fast, almost losing consciousness. With a probe he
started forwards again, repulsed once more. Over and over the 
same. A rock would skitter a meter or so in, loop outwards, coming to
rest. Nothing else occurred. There was no warning whatsoever.

High in the air the stick rose, descended about eight meters in, slid
outward, came to rest on the ground. Travis was tired; he sat down,
stared. The field was yellow-white, the color of dark silk maybe. He
wasn't sure. Travis took his gun and

fired into the middle of the thing. The bullet skittered across the
surface, returned to the edge. His one implosion grenade had the same
effect. This time, a lens-formation, constructed from the fragments 
ricocheting in all directions, came back at him; he dashed down, was
almost killed.

The radio was silent.

In fact, everything was silent except for the usual electromagnetic
noise from the double suns. Travis swore something was alive down 
there. What it was he couldn't ascertain and couldn't reach. Whatever
it was, it paid him no attention.

He could have built a city on the mountain, he thought, and it would
pay him no attention. Still, if it did, something would occur, and it
wouldn't be pleasant. Travis thought he got the lack of it.

He got the lack of it and returned to the craft. Little damage from
the heat. This would be one for the books. He'd talk about it and talk
about it. Or maybe he wouldn't. The craft took off like a silver bird.

Travis returned to the cosmos.



