=



THE WOMAN


Erich Heller, THE ARTIST'S JOURNEY INTO THE INTERIOR, p. 205:

"`I have at all times thought with my whole body and my whole life. I
do not know what purely intellectual problems are. ... You know these
things by way of thinking, yet your thought is not your experience but
the reverberation of the experience of others; as you room trembles
when a carriage passes. I am sitting in that carriage, and often am
the carriage itself.'

These, however, was written by Nietzsche. And it was Nietzsche whom he
resembled in many other ways: in his homelessness, his restless
wanderings, his perpetual search for the exactly right conditions in
which to work, his loneliness, his asceticism, his need for affection
and his shyness in giving it, his intellectual extremism which drove
thought to the border of insanity, the elasticity of his style" ...


In this incipient description of the philosopher Wittgenstein, I find
my own disquisition in highly abbreviated form. Originally, I thought
to have attached my own name in place of the Austrian, but this was
either too much or too little of presumption; better to bypass or
reconstitute an originary trace not of Heller's own construction.
Hence this addendum, locating myself in the midst of the thinking of
the other, for I, too, live by and through thought alone, almost in
the grasp of the _hysteria_ of thought which transforms neural energy
into misrecognition. And I too have wandered, manuscripts packed
neatly away in boxes, stapled together in digest form, threaded
through numerous magazines, an account spread and thinned everywhere
that men and women come to read. My work conditions? Solitude above
all, but with a nuance of affect, as if an emotional state or a
sharing were always present. It is true I am ascetic, not necessarily
by preference, but by a limited share-holding; my work demands my
money in the form of books, writing-machinery, and videotape forming
an uneasy conjunction with the rest.

Further, I ascribe to an intellectual extremism which, too, caresses
insanity; it is here, at the margins of language and recognition, that
truth's negation lies. Just as falsification is the best one can hope
for in science, so truth itself lacks credibility; the truth of false-
hood is the remnant of classicism which permits us to function on a
daily basis. Such a truth retreats in turmoil, however; logically,
contradiction devours the world, never returning to an apex that one
might designate as coherent. By emphasizing stuttering, stumbling, and
shuddering (words which I have analyzed at length in terms of phonemic
resemblance and phenomenology), I emphasize the body, placing myself
always already at risk. To cross the line into or within sanity is to
deny the investigation any validity whatsoever; wherever corruption is
present, so is the syntagm, unstable in its eventual disappearance. 

And elasticity of style? Is not every phrase I write evidence of the
same? Elasticity permits the adoption of other voices, other rooms; it
places one within a flux that countermands any eventual and petrified
articulation. But the toll on me is enormous; I myself remain obscured
beyond or behind the liquidity of production. From liquidity to liqui-
dation is an easy and uneasy step; I stumble towards it, returning to
the specificity of thought at the last moment. My body trembles at the
thought which is not the thought of body; such thought thinks the body
through.


Luce Irigaray, MARINE LOVER, p. 73:

"She is your labyrinth, you are hers. A path from you to yourself is
lost in her, and from her to herself is lost in you. And if one looks
only for a play of mirrors in all this, does one not create the abyss?
Looking only for attractions to return into the first and only
dwelling, does one not hollow out the abyss?

Unless difference is affirmed, the inclusion of you in her, and her in
you, spins off into a labyrinthine mourning for desire or for will
inside you both (vous) and between you both.

And, forever covered over or possessed by your projections, she will
give them back to you as things neither she nor you want, and in which
you do not recognize your will. Beyond the horizon you have opened up,
she will offer you that in which she still lives and that your day has
not even imagined. And yet, the multiple layers of veil and disguise
are hiding such depth. Are calling on you to drop the mask and stop
the show so that you may marry and make merry (faire la noce) at
last - that is not your fortune!"


The fluid of the imaginary HONEY and TIFFANY, returning from the
regions near the borders of my madness, guardians, procure an ontology
or recognition, insist on the very grain of their presence just as
everything comes under constant erasure. For if the net is a matrix it
is constantly fissuring, opening up an abyss of loss and absolution,
an incinerator absorbing noise, the limits of the everyday. The abyss
veers, a void viewed through the punctured plane. You can't see
everything at once, and there is never any everything to see. HONEY
and TIFFANY are never an imaginary nor its return. I am lost here and
at that loss which constitutes a release or withdrawal. The presence
left behind is the carriage of Nietzsche, is Nietzsche himself or
something else. Neither Nietzsche or Wittgenstein would understand
HONEY or TIFFANY and perhaps Nietzsche blamed women (ignored by
Wittgenstein) for his illness.

*...to recognize is to see the other in the face of the mirror...*

