



HOW IT WAS


Aye, a distant. A star lone or a star lost; wind curls against the
strand of beach, tossed spray of sand and satellites guide us beloved
or beneath the darkened air. Air churns, swirls; covered the coracle
of dreams churns one against another, transistor station, hulls to
cross wide wires. Gyres, fumbled in that air again which burns through
shell and sea alike, or never fathom depth of water; there, circuit
drowns and rusts against the frame of time. Frame: dark and wood, wet
with sodden sea or salt, meanders. Halted or flown, a wonder that it
rises up between the spray, between one and another, this spray to
catch the howl of the air. Returns to air. I could never last first;
this carapace has torn itself, and loose against a sky black with star
and murmur. No one hears a mouth against the noise of foam-flecked
gulls or waves; no one for ears. Plates of spray like straw. One
follows years tossed. One does not die. Flecked foam.

Flecked foam and always to return, to curl. Curve shortens, shorts;
radii contain themselves, screwed in, a moisture point or axis shorn
of flesh. What rides, rides wet, rides high. Nimbus floods shallow
grayed with white. Dim light glows white beneath capacitor plate
against a plate, another. Sparks of spray fleck then again, stumble
voices of saint elmo's fire burned free, portent against the night.
This always huddles dim with recollect. Imagine deep inductor passing
deeper sound, a magnetic block for higher radiation. The whole coil
shudders. Leap of shell tension, kelp buried black in midst of
noctiluminescent. The sorrow is the absent-carry, neither anyone.
This or which that would be, the sorrow. (A paean for such.)

"Turning and turning in the widening gyre
The falcon cannot hear the falconer;
Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;
Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world.
The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere
The ceremony of innocence is drowned;
The best lack all conviction, while the worst
Are full of passionate intensity."

Within the beginning of Mr. Yeats' "The Second Coming," the falcon is
that which hunts except for the falconer who clearly no longer can
restrain the falcon because the falcon cannot hear. But the falcon is
a bird of prey, therefore susceptible as an excessive elimination of
all that is dear in our land. What holds things together therefore is
their elimination, so that what is dear can be given only in its
passing. The Net has absorbed everything; the blood-dimmed tide
strides through both kelp and plankton, a symbolic membrane for every
one of us bound to this Our Nation. How can we be innocent, when the
Falcon itself is held back from Mercy Killing? Innocence remains but
its Ceremony is drowned, never to return, in our symbolic Membrane of
Our Nation. Only in the Second Part of our Poet's Poem where the
"rough beast, its hour come round at last, / Slouches towards
Bethlehem to be born?" does the intention of Mr. Yeats become clear,
that is that Everything will Come Together when the Net is Gathered in
its Holy Strength and the Falcon again circulates in a continuous
Rewriting of History and Destiny.

