=



THE POLITICAL ECONOMY OF THE INTERNET


Abstract: A POLITICAL ECONOMY of the Internet is defined and
considered in brief outline form (BOF).

Keywords: Politics/Economy/Internet



An economy is "political" to the extent that it is exclusionary, that
operates through a complex of hegemonic discourses. It is necessary
as well that such discourses be unstable; this constructs pathways of
reification throughout the sememe. Such pathways themselves produce
firewalls or potential wells - circumlocutions defining particular
discursive domains within overall formations.

Politics possess an "economy" to the extent that resources are both
allocated and limited. Within the Internet, there are numerous 
categories of such resources, including:

1 Access to servers
2 Transmission rates within and without the local user terminal
3 Capital involved per user per hour per facility
4 Access to facilities through servers
5 Issues of restraint and censorship

It is clear that "politics" and "economy" are dialectical within the
Internet and its community; one entails the other. Scarcity constructs
firewalls, which may be nothing more than passwords, and allocation is
always a politics.

The fast-forward circulation of discourses within the net constructs
as well an enormous quantity of reifications; in fact, virtual reality
itself is a reification in the literal sense (and by "vr" one can
move from Usenet to List to Mud to future virtual reality hardware/
software). This reification-tendency is operative on the level of 
class-definition; class-consciousness on the Net is infused with an
anarchism of individuals (hardly anarcho-syndicalist). Nonetheless,
the class-consciousness is "real," determined by amount of user 
experience, knowledge of idiolectical terminology including acronyms,
access to appropriate and inappropriate technologies, and so forth. 

This class-consciousness, fuelled by reification-tendencies, is also
characterized by a problematic of internal time-consciousness; time
is never, for the Net, past or present, but an extension into and
throughout a constructed future or FUTURE IMPERFECT. This is 
evidenced by a vocabulary which assumes, for example, the presence of
teledildonics, relationships of "granularity" analogous to those
outside the net, and communities which are often defined solely by
ASCII discourse and discursive formations. Within the Net, in other
words, future and present collapse and interpenetrate; it is no 
longer a question of project or teleology, but of imaginary consensus.
In fact, this imaginary and its bifurcations/corrosions constitute
the major characteristic of the political economy itself.

Note that capital fuels all of this only in a highly mediated and 
"leaky" form, much as the signifier within capital itself is
leaky. Capital is highly circuitous here, just as Net control and
hegemony are circuitous; what is impressive, due to both firewalls
(used in the broadest sense possible) and reifications, is the 
"seamless" aspect of the Net, functioning - as class itself does -
within a highly constructed and often unconscious surface. If the
users are highly self-conscious as a class, the Net per se is
both possessed (i.e. "spirited" and possessed by the user) and
unconscious. (If this were a Lacanian analysis, one could transform
the argument into a political economy of the unconscious itself; 
structured like a langauge, it would be analogous to Net ASCII. In
both instances, there is a semblance of behaviorism - but only a
semblance, since the surface of ASCII lends itself to wild theory,
wild interpretation, and a poetics of the body that is at variance
with the very phenomenology of the terminal screen.

Hegemony: The issue of hegemony is a complex one here. Within the
Net, protocol does not necessarily equal power; it constructs the
subject, but without the construction, there is no subject. For 
example, list "heads" are called "moderators," as in a panel 
discussion; the implication (often false of course) is that of the
free-flow of information mediated, for the purpose of a fluid
communications domain. In fact, the Net presents a confluence of
mediations or mirror-strategies, replacing the traditional
hegemonies which were necessarily hierarchic and based on a 
specific resource and its allocations - usually capital itself.

The Proletariat: Again, problems arise; if the user constitutes an
incipient proletariat, she is also highly class-conscious and
operating within the aegis of self-reification. For Net reification
is almost always an "as-if" state (Vaihinger) or "fiction" (Bentham),
which may or may descend into an unconscious; no wonder that much
of the terminology ("cyberpunk," "cybersurfing," etc.) originates 
in a science fiction recognized as such. The concept of labor also
breaks down, since the highly mediated fluidics of the Net tend to
hold off or displace the imminent effects of capital. As a result,
the lumpenproletariat is also problematized, although a case could be
made for the inclusion of certain aspects of hacker culture at this
point.

Ironically, the mediation is such that labor does not appear alien-
ated; like the programmatic space of the video game, what one does
always results in action. In the words of 60s programmers, GIGO:
garbage in/garbage out, but ALWAYS something in constructs something
out. Labor is then always conducive to the construction of onself; as
Sondheim shows in INTERNET TEXT, the result is a self as continuous
REWRITE, with attendent recognition/address/protocol aspects. The Net
is therefore both cottage industry within a decentralized feudal
economy and a result of a late capitalism with a centrality mapped,
through postmodern geography, on a one-to-one basis, upon the 
(physical, telecommunicating) planet itself.

Finally, base and superstructure are replaced by the five Net layers,
fuelled by current and electronics. It is only clear that culture is
a residue of communicative channels, bandwidths, and protocols; every-
thing else resides in an external unconscious at best. Note as well
that revolutionary tendency can only result in the disruption of the
fragile electronic structure itself, just as revolutionary surgery
always entails a certain loss of memory.


THE STRAND COLLECTIVE 2/4/04



