



THE GREAT BEYOND


For a moment I can't think. My mind goes blind. I don't see in words
but I don't see the point of not using them. Let them drag across the
page - see if I care. Words always demand this - a matrix or a plane.
I imagine another, a gulf with cragged sides, extending down into 
shadow - there might be a stream at bottom, at dusk, at dark - words
webbed there, hung like hammocks - they might glow a bit - a way of
announcing themselves.

Hanging there in invisibility or an extruded and extreme dimension-
ality. Words and their calling.

Thin tape always holds images. Images are not code; images say
nothing. Code isn't everything that speaks, but speaking is a form of
code, an inferential matrix or sememe. To construct is to bracket is
to substitute; one thing might stand for another or I won't stand for
this. The simpler.

The simpler always refers back to the code of the language, huddled
against enormous megabytes of image. The image registers as noise; no
one remembers it - it fills too much space - only a compression works,
bringing everything back into the level of the word. The image becomes
phonemic. 

The noise is simpler, prohibitive of a certain degree of thought. The
labor of thinking is still unrecognized - the exhaustion. It is the
following of a thread which rings true, or a form of resonance. It is
denying the truth of the ringing as well; denial costs, as in the
construction of a house which will never be inhabited, open to the
weather, lasting less than a season.

The mind blinds itself to the difficulty of the world. To image the
world is to mirror it or a segment which is to COHERE. If I COHERE I
am a hole or conduit; I cum. I AM ALWAYS BESIDE MYSELF. The screen
itself rips coherence; if I cum, the screen is occluded. Think of it!
PICTURE IT!

To think within the image is to think within the imaginary which is
the world. The world is dying; to think this dying is to think the
text of this dying and its system, a text-contusion. The particulation
of the text permits inscription, the circumlocution of the end of
history, the hysteric rise of scarcity. Everything is purchased at a
cost; the image fissures purchasing itself.

I look at a cunt; I'm aroused, my cock stiffens. I'm hard, jerk off.
The exhausted image lends itself towards me, leans into me. I see my
body narrowed, fitting into the blind sieve, falling through. 

I fall through and look at you. There are words everywhere in the gulf
beneath me, the gulf between me. Flesh is always a projection, an
evaluation of underlying code. Some see the pictures, some read the
code. If I could read the code, I could control the pictures. The gulf
would flatten, harden like a plate; I'd see everything in it. "Daddy,"
she said, holding onto my leg, "Daddy, I'm scared." "I know darling,"
I replied, "I know."

I was scared too, but I didn't want it to show. My leg was wet with
her tears. How could the world be so cruel? Her golden hair, her
smiling face - would she survive, live to grow in a world of peace and
beauty? Nothing was certain in the brutal ruins of a nation
surrounding me. I wanted to scream. Closing my eyes, I wanted to
scream.

The IMAGE of the plate: You can't imagine. What began would transform,
hardening your eyes in position, the exact articulation of an object
or entity grounded in the translucent. An image is never a map; a map
is an icon; an image is always in both senses OF the real. The word
has no existence. The non-existence of the word is always in both
sense WITHOUT the real. 

I would fall through. From the very first I felt at ease. You made the
CHILDSPEAK, opening what had always been closed, circumscribed. You
EMERGED the speaking into the imaginary. EITHER THERE ARE WORDS OR
THERE IS NOTHING you said. I saw the other with you. Nothing was
rewritten.

On the far side of the symbolic is the measure geometry. You make a
row of red boxes. You place a blue box between every two boxes, almost
doubling the row. You place a red box between every two boxes, almost
doubling the row. You continue this, your hand sliding down my leg,
tears everywhere as the lost countries of Europe and Africa are guided
by the exhaustion of the image which knows no symmetry, the 2/2
measure geometry I described in SPEW.TXT and elsewhere. You are guided
by the lost countries of Asia and America, countries squeezed to the
last drop, the emergence of one and another picture, all equivalent,
all pained. "Daddy," you cry, harder now, "Daddy, why do you shake me
free? Please don't let me alone! Please, Daddy, please!" I close my
eyes and the sounds won't go away. I close my eyes and I hear Europe
and hear America; I hear Asia and I hear Africa: I hear the slow
murmur of Australia rising from the ashes, hear the sound of chanting
crippled, glowering in the gulf of words:

In the Gulf of Words, the Gulf of Wars, Clara, your name is written
dissolving in illuminated and fluttering letters; your name is my
imaginary: Your name\imaginary\file\dir *.* or CLARA\*.* wild cards
spewing every image, the collapse of terabytes of information coursing
the net, collapse of megabytes of languages stuttering through wires
overheated and thinned to the breaking point -

"Daddy," you cry, "I can't see you anymore!"


