



I ONLY TELL TRUTH BY A. HACKER


Do we all act from a position of internalized rationality, even if not
spelled out accordingly? I can never understand why anyone would
disagree with me; when arguments occur, they always follow predictable
patterns which are easily determined in advance, especially on the Net
where everything follows one or another form of protocol. Is
argumentation a form of breathing?

Not that I consider myself correct in every situation; in fact, my
existence depends on the opposite. But this is a strategy of
effacement also internalized to the extent that it inverts, creating
the situation for argument. But I do not argue rationally; in fact,
argument is never rational, but a form of breathing.

In fact, there is no breathing at all, nothing but a political
economics of Net and screen, a REWRITE S/N/S shuttling back and forth
among maverick sites. Is S/N/S a form of capital accumulation,
governance by crisis? Tension augments recursive communications
ultimately sightless, emptied of all tension, a continuance back into
recursion. REWRITE S/N/S implies my absence: YOU'LL NEVER HEAR FROM A.
HACKER AGAIN AND YOU NEVER HEARD FROM HER IN THE FIRST PLACE!!! The
punctuation deMARKation is a dead giveaway of a TERMINAL RELATIONSHIP
among absences. Ah, to breathe is to pulse with life!!! I know it
well!!! (YOUR WORDS FILL MY HOLES.)

("Thus, when finally you allow her to speak, it is only to bring about
- your perspective, your art, your time, your will. The last pattern
of your being that she must still reproduce or mimic. And this takes
her away from her surfaces, her depths. Her face, her lips, her world
of harmony, her tuneful flow mastered by your creation. All these are
veiled or bent to suit your viewpoint. She is cut off from herself in
this way in order to join in your game. Becoming speech in your mouth,
a stranger in her own body. As motionless as you can wish she speaks
the `yes' dictated to her by your latest movement, your latest will,
your final plastic necessity. Her song accompanies and celebrates the
latest work your music has paused at." Luce Irigaray, MARINE LOVER,
trans. Gillian Gill.)


THEN:



SPEAKING THE DEPRESSION OF DEATH'S TRUE BIRTH


I feel the emptiness of my life cutting a knife for Tonya Harding. And
because of this emptiness I know I must be absolutely honest; my skin
is blown out, a membrane hard and dead against the ground; there is no
room to maneuver; death seeps through the flesh; my only connections
violate time; I survive in this manner.

There is no future; like Tonya Harding I embrace solitude and anger,
turning meaning into a loosened drum; in the midst of depression I
know the dull melancholy of ASYMBOLIA, that lack of meaning which
speaks the only conceivable truth: that truth slips from us; that
there is no truth; that detachment is the luxury of sadness `raised to
an incandescent power.'

Like Tonya Harding, I war on meaning; symbols are dead transmissions,
dead conferences on the Net; words shoved against inconceivable
addresses saying nothing forever. I invert despair, turn it into the
authentic production of a universe possessing no authenticity; my
ugliness becomes a guarantee or contract; I insist on presence; I rob
presence, take it for myself; I increase presence like a bloated
corpse; I memorize myself.

This MEMORIZATION-SELF becomes a murmur; murmur is always the whisper
of death; a murmur gets the queen; a murmur gets the princess; I
murmur: love me because of my faults. The body fissures; from where I
crawl beneath meaning and the damnation of Nancy Kerrigan, I expect
nothing, taking dead risks, taking the dead with me. The dead mean
nothing; the forever lonely always violate or disrupt; vandals crawl
to the left or right of me; Tonya clubs herself hardest of all; her
feet are bound together; she falls in order to fall, break her fall;
in order to give meaning. Meaning fails meaning; Tonya fails and
falters.

The dead like us; give meaning; suck the rose out; the dead devour
Nancy Kerrigan who cannot tell truth; tell truth from itself; Tonya
Harding lives truth; tells truth in spite of herself; this is the only
way to tell it; this is the only truth to tell. I crawl beneath her
feet; my work takes me to the ground; my work immobilizes me; I fight
tears murmuring the whisper of meaning; I am ignored by presence; I am
ever present. I would hurt myself to be present.

"A moment arrives when one can no longer feel anything but anger, an
absolute anger, against so many discourses, so many texts that have no
other care than to make a little more sense, to redo or perfect
delicate works of signification. That is why, if I speak here of
birth, I will not try to make it into one more accretion of sense. I
will rather leave it, if this is possible, as the lack of `sense' that
it `is.' I will leave it exposed, abandoned." Jean-Luc Nancy, THE
BIRTH OF PRESENCE.

For Tonya Harding, I do not speak of birth.



