



THE START OF IT ALL



Back home, I would think about altarity. But now, wandering in a
hermeneutic circle would never square with me...


I'm sitting down to write; I have a reed in my hand, and the sand is
spread out before me. The river in the distance has overflowed its
banks, and is just now receding. There is a banquet nearby; I will go
there shortly, and regale the guests with tales about carpenters and
chariot-makers. In this manner, I will earn my keep. Before going out,
I make sure it is night; even the stars have their master, and
everything is fixed, absolute, and in place forever. 

At the banquet, I discourse freely to everyone who will listen. Some
charming dancers entertain the guests, a few of whom are members of
the Resistance. There is fighting right now outside Jena and the
avenues are tense; I can see the imminent victory of the Prussian
state, a natural trajectory of the dialectic, beginning with my
doubting everything, an occasion for eschatological desire. An abyss
opens up beside me; within it, annihilation itself seems to seethe,
and there is no end to the affairs of men and women. The ideal state
to come will have no poets and no philosophers, something I
conclusively demonstrate with all the power of the geometric. Since I
am a misfit, I elevate myself to the top of the mountain where red
flames dominate the landscape; there are those who dominate and those
who are controlled by my subaltern ego. But I reject every pretense,
and wear nothing but a barrel; let those who dare to look, do so.
(Need I add it would be queerer to gaze?)

From this vantage point, next to a peasant hut in the Black Forest
where men and women are suddenly thrown, I see a red patch,
unidentifiable, but offering every attribute I am considering before
me. The patch is surely the same in all possible worlds, where it
possesses the characteristic of a fact or picture, a rigid designator
articulating the armature of an over-privileged semantics. I may or
may not refer to `it.' If I become the red patch, it is beneath the
sign of capital; capital flows from my pores, flows everywhere. I
dissolve slowly into transparency, a simulacrum of my former self, and
continue to write on a simulacrum-computer, filling all conceivable
data-bases with useless Turing machines; I transform myself into a
body-without-organs in the terminal stages: constipation, corpulence,
power and madness. This is the dreaded `death of the author' signified
in each and every postcard, where letters `go to the drugstore' of the
obsessive-compulsive. The red patch illuminates the desk I am writing
upon, as the final apocalyptic conflagration envisions itself from a
distance. All I can do is raise my fist as Europe shudders, corpse-
like, beneath its sullen masters.

My clenched fist in the air is helpless against the stone I continue
to push up the mountain, which seems slightly absurd, even if
transcendent and rather egotistical. The mathematization of the
granite, rather concrete, results in almost perfect lines of flight
across it; these coalesce with the identical categories available to
the Beaver, who waits for me with Pierre at the cafe shortly after the
symposium has come to an end. No good ever flows from this, the death
of Helene on the way to the final construction of a purified and
scientific political economy, something I can live with, having roamed
the streets of Manchester, in order to bring the philosophical down to
the level of material praxis and avoiding any further reification.
What an imaginary!

The red patch over my eyes is painful; I am hobbled, resorting to the
aphoristic crutch in order to convey my dislike of princes and the
press. The uncanny power of women contaminates every line I add to the
others; it is only through the telephone and its interminable
existential dial-up, that I continue to turn a deaf ear to the world
and its discourse-networks, harboring the unequivocal testimony of
sight. Everywhere, sight leaves its traces; the punctured hymen of the
Beaver provides a final word, projecting from her hole into a freedom
always already structured by its opposite. Double lips shudder,
reducing me to an imaginary penis, uncapped head indicative of the
non-believing Jew exiled from the habitus of the Amsterdam synagogue.
Men always do this, and this is what makes them men. I realize that if
men are analytic, women are synthetic; the Beaver says it's the other
way around. (My statement has never been spoken by a body.)

What makes them men is a purified techne as well, something I would
respond to if questioned. Every question demands an answer, but not
every answer demands a question, which is ineffable, written on this
book of sand that shoots out from under me every twelve or so hours.
But I am of the technological, the episteme of instrumental reason,
not remote or disembodied in an ideal world inhabited by the elements
crowned with the Concept of the Idea. Outside the window there is a
tree of a particular color which the Navajo see; I can never take in
each of its leaves on an individuated basis, just as I can never count
the pillars in the Pantheon. Better, however, is an act of exile which
is reconstruction, always reversible, except for the brute facticity
of death, to which I am hardly partial, being somewhat super. Now I am
gathering speed, becoming incandescent; fragments and seminars course
through my veins close to the speed of light, competing among
themselves, completing the torn fabric of the real (always the
scenario of suture), mumbling through those same veiled lips that
sealed my internal-time consciousness about ten minutes ago.
 
I am lost in the ipseity of my freedom, confused about beings (there
are so many of them) and Being confused. The eidetic reduction is a
diminution of the obverse; I drink less and less natural kinds as
hypereality transforms null into cipher, leaving me with `a smaller
glass' of tea. The inverse of the glass is neither opaque nor convex;
a node within the grid of doxa cathects every drop spilled from the
fluid mechanics of the feminine. The result? More rigid designators
and more masquerades: the mimetic indeed!

And what is the real if not a game constructed out of the consensual
sublime? What is the sublime if not a differend inverted by silence
(that makes all the differance in the world, being less noisy!)? The
sublime is always silent? Sound is the institutionalization of
capital, the rigidity of the script fixed in a prioritization of the
written over the purely oral and its stages. Each question eliminates
itself; speech is an act of excretion. The cave is silent, too, where
men and women watch. (Speech is always four-fold; no one has time for
that.) In the corner of the cave is perhaps a snake; it may also be a
rod, or rod(ent), whatever is relevant at the moment, whatever might
or might not bite. The id has the face of Medusa, an alterity defining
an essence or existing seeping away, the result of insomnia,
difficulties of health. I write this in the sand until my head is cut
off.

sondheim@newschool.edu


