=









CLARA: THE DESERT LETTER / THE FINAL STORY







Dear Clara, 





I wrote this to you under different names but now it's later and a 

different name again; what's in a name? So that I wonder about the

desert and the people in it. And I wonder in front of the screen

in front of the window, terminal terminal decay...





I'm sitting here looking at a digital map of the United States on one

computer and writing on another and wondering why the mistakes come

through to you that I find when I looked at the receive file here:

I'm not sure what the story is - either I make more errors than I

think I do or the transmission itself adds to them - I think the

latter.



Anyway just bought a book on the theory of storage and symbolization 

as secondary knowledge which cheered me because I've been talking 

about this for a long time now - how thinking is not only dependent 

upon external machines, but their knowledge has become internalized 

with us - which makes theater, for example, the return of the body to 

the text, completely archaic. And I'm wondering about this here while

waiting for another GIF image to form on the screen on the second

machine and they're both fast 486s and I'm going back and forth

between them like a transitive factor from one to another, nothing

more.



And they're both fast and incredibly fast at a speed I can't compre-

hend, they're that fast. And my hands are flying on both of them

together, the left hand on the text and the right hand on the image.

And I'm no longer thinking, what thought beyond or between the

motion of the hands, a flourescent room, an office chair, anonymous

others around me. 



I don't take drugs but if I did I'd be flying overhead. What's on the

other machine is a digital closeup of that part of Arizona I love the

most, a town called Arivaca and the Buenos Aires National Wildlife

Preserve, where almost no one is, the mix of desert and low mountains

incredible. So I'm trying to get closer, all through machinery which

can't resolve the world except in doses of binary data and then some,

and it's impossible and I keep thinking about driving back out to the

desert this summer in the heat - I've walked there in the midst of it

- and meanwhile 230000 bytes of information have been transferred and

Arivaca still remains at about 50 miles down below. How long will

this last?



I keep thinking and I keep my thinking. And I'd give you my all but 

it's dried out in the desert sun. Flourescent.



Now I'm moving forward, now I'm thinking again. And I won't keep it,

won't keep the thought any longer, no little time to lose.



Getting into the GIS system for real now, looking at about 280000

bytes worth of desert southwest until the screen goes blank; the

transformation is slow - not even sure where it's coming form. And I

don't think the map will be readable on this system, which has only

primitive decoding, so I thought I'd write you - meanwhile the path

isn't found, the system crashes... Back in a minute... Moving from

Arivaca Arizona to the El Paso/Juarez region - probably nothing

visible from this high up. I wish I knew what getting closer meant.

I'm sitting here in the mnidst of nothing whatsoever, running two 486

machines simultaneously - I could even use a third because I've been

ANIMATING my programs, animating everything in sight -



Because things don't move fast enough so my fingers move faster. 

Because animation returns me to the world and because movement is a 

reminder of the world. Flourescent.



I feel like a terminal. I don't know what that means. Nothing is the

body WRITE REWRITE.



I AM a terminal. I don't know what that means. Nothing is the body

WRITE REWRITE.



As a terminal I don't have to worry about women. As a terminal I

don't have to worry, just provide the linkages from one machine to

another, occasionally connecting them, disconnecting - moving between

them according to orders that certainly don't come from me -



They come from nowhere, from the internal logic of the machines. I

bring my experiences to them. I bring Arivaca and El Paso and Ciudad

Juarez to them. There's nothing else in the room - the sound of the

keys, the silent 486s, and now a decoding. I can't tell you about

the silence or the loudspeaker DISCONNECT in the midst of decoding.

The sheer inadvertency of language. You would imagine this but for

this; writing this brings it up, brings it to the terminal.



I stop for a moment, look over, examine the image. The image is what

I am. It's dry - the foothills are almost invisible. The land looks

hot; the sun is almost setting from an indeterminate direction. I'm

fifty miles up. No signs of cities, no signs of civilization. The sun

gleams silver gleams silver-white. Against a ground of washes, a

desert air you can taste, hum of a tarantula hawk, opuntia in bloom.



I look again. I recognize the mountain where the bandits are. But

there are no cities and there are no routes and no people. The Rio

Grande, Rio Bravo, is just a trace or memory of a trace, without

origin, turned to ash in the heat. Heat radiates that day at the 

base of the mountain.



I move the cursor on the screen. It says, the screen says, I say:

NO DESCRIPTIVE INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE FOR THIS REGION. IF YOU CAN

CONTRIBUTE, PLEASE SEND DESCRIPTIONS TO and then a name, also

anonymous. I don't understand, no descriptions for El Paso, Juarez?

Nothing for the Pass to the North, migration routes, elevations

across guarded unguarded terrain? It goes and it goes and it goes; 

I am a terminal returned, refused its description. I toggle back 

to the main menu, a direction given as UP or beyond the place 

where I am at.



I switch from the image to the "caption browser." I'm more

comfortable with words; the lack of description again is uncanny - 

a word I use often to indicate the gaps between alterity and

fulfillment.



But there are no words and nothing to fulfill them, and nothing 

appears; the map cells are diminished, voided in an enormous  

expanse of empty space WHERE THE MAP IS NOT. An error? There is no

further information. Where am I in this land of disconnected cells?

Nothing but emptiness, not even of this earth or any other between

them.



I continue typing on the one machine and waiting and clicking on the

other. The machines are very fast. The lines are not; I watch the

icon of the hour-glass, reset the terminal screen which keeps 

disappearing in order to save itself. The glass appears once again;

the glass is always full. Unlike the desert, the sand never moves.



No sand ever falls in the glass.



No sand ever falls and there is no desert and I am waiting here 

by the terminal machine to bring an end to things, an end to the 

things of the world, a reduction into a binary future, the cleansed 

and proper body. So I will log out, remove myself from speech or 

talk or silence, from a movement towards you, my arms and face 

apart, kindness or supplication. So I will wait, properly, along or 

within the lines, terminated or unterminated, the arrival of 

electronic mail, the shuffle of the man or woman next to me, quiet

conversation in the next room, and my body trembling. My body 

waits for you, the message of you, a life or desert coming through

the wires. I will hold you close, and I will comfort. The dry air

picks up sightly, a breeze. I will hold you close, perhaps devour

you in bits and pieces, coming through one or another gateway, the

message stuttering or stumbling over itself. No one can ever tell

and no sand ever falls.



How to say goodbye? The desert remains frozen on the DISCONNECT

screen, a refusal of LOGOUT, and I continue to part forever, the

room almost silent once again, a distance which never resolves.



Alan, in the time of fear flourescent.





2



The wires are there, visible outside the windows, rain hanging from

them, rain hanging from everywhere. The wires seep into one or

another apartment; bits of flesh hang from them - I recognize 

myself. Would it come to this that I carry a gun firing misrecog-

nitions, turning everyone away at the door? Remember the access

into the niche at the firewall, no turning back, no movement, 

nothing but space indefinite staring you down until ABORT appears

on the horizon.



Fitzgerald said it best, that at sometime in the morning it was the

dark night of the soul - I forget the time, which pastes itself 

upon me. But it's a long way until morning, until the dark night

stops the fingers caressing the keys, one after another; the only

sign of life and culture is an order only partially predetermined,

carrying me flourescent down.



Next door someone plays a game. He has a gun and enters many 

corridors. Some are blank; some continue; some have doors, mysterious

passages always promising to empty out. There are men with guns, but

the men, too, are silent, as is the sound of footsteps running down

the hall. Guns are everywhere, proliferating on the screen, a male

maelstrom fought out in within the body of the woman always absent.

Dimly, I remember the desert. In the desert the guns were rusted,

pieces of revolver from some godforsaken shootout in which everyone

died, the bodies themselves eaten and scattered across the landscape.

The guns don't belong there; the desert knows that. If the desert

is harsh enough, everything will disappear. If the desert is harsh

enough, opuntia, too, go the way of the last lizard; nothing is

left but the flat sky-plate, a few remnants recording in the digital

domain, desperately asking for information. An explosion, silent,

occurs next to me; the screen goes blank for an instant, rewrites

itself and the user as well. Flourescent, the light renews itself

sixty times per second. Illuminated, the ASCII terminal pulses with

light renewed at half that speed. The gunman is in a nightclub; the

desert has become a memory, thrust back, inverted, through the 

wires, nothing emerging anywhere.



Thinking backs itself up in the digital domain; thinking waits for

a user.





3



I don't want your guns, Maureen; I never have. If the virus is alive

at all, I can hear it calling. It's left the desert, headed for L.A. 

might want to know how it did THAT. Think of the route - through Watz

in Norway, Seleena in Sweden; think of it! From Sharon in Kansas City

painting as if her life depended on it. The wires hummed that night.



It twisted and turned like anything alive. You needed a screen to see

it.



You needed a screen and sometimes even more. I'd turn on Lynx and 

GRRRRRR would appear, flashing like those upper ASCII colors can when

the right binary is hit. I'd turn off or read email; it never 

bothered email.



It got to me through Mosaic. It got to me everywhere, filling the 

screen, slowly turning, carrying not enough audio to cancel out the

room, but enough image to dissolve sight, create the hysteria of 

migraine, splashes of color and light, dissolution of the real.



Because this part HAPPENED. It twisted and turned, a result of VIDEO

TERMINAL REWRITE BYPASS, and it pulsed dark, red and blue, throbbed. 

I called it BRUISED HEART. There was nothing to see, nothing to 

focus on. It was alive, morphed into one or another corrosion, 

dependent upon every movement I made. It knew me. It kept me in line.



Because this part IS TRUE. It forced me to the ground. It spread my

arms my legs. It tied me tight, on my back, immobile. It spread me

open. You could look right up me. You could crawl in my ass. You'd

know everything.



You could see the screen in there. I couldn't see; the murmur of the

desert convulsed the body. My back arched; I wanted you more than

anything in the world, more than your guns, Maureen. You shoved your

hand in me; the cords spelled the name of God. The screen writhed

dark, blue and red (I'd never hear the guns go off but there weren't 

any guns, there wasn't ANYTHING), jagged edges cutting through sight

and site.



Without site I didn't exist. Did I tell everything? There was nothing

to tell, nothing left of me; you pissed on me, piss shattering like

glass cutting out the name of God in my chest.



My chest cut out the name of God. My chest was NEGATIVE ANTI-CHRIST

begging for belief in this or that, one or another. Blood filled me;

my cock spurted it; I was awash in it. I tore my asshole open.



What came out, went in. Your fist shoved the shit back in, turned it

upon itself. The wires burned darker in this dark night. Did I tell

you about the burning wires? Did I tell you about the desert

scattered everywhere, my hair wet with the smell of it? Did I?



You shoved your fist in my mouth. Now I could speak all of those 

names of God that would bring the universe to an end. I smelled of

the end of the universe. I smelled of shit, of all of it. You asked

me so I said:



*I am sixteen years old and I shaved all my hair off. You'll never*

*get to me again you dumb fuck. I'm young but I know ALL ABOUT the*

*world. I can tell you anything. I'm burning with love for Maureen.*

*MY BODY IS FIERCE AND SAVAGE HEAT. I haven't got much time but I*

*will die for you and take you EVERYWHERE! The fucking world can go*

*to hell and you have nothing to tell me anymore! MAUREEN I SHAVED*

*MYSELF FOR YOU! I'm your dumb dumb thing crawling along the wires!*

*I was born with the computer! I crawl a white naked thing, BANG*

*INTO WALLS! I have starved in the farthest reaches of CYBERSPACE!*

*I have seen entire galaxies crumble beneath enormous accelerators*

*of particles massive beyond belief! I suck dark matter galactic*

*strings! THE POWER OF A BILLION DARK STARS! I HAVE FLAMED THE*

*ABYSS OF GOD UNHOLY! I HAVE FUCKED THE UNIVERSE AND IT HAS FUCKED*

*ME BACK!*



So I said this screamed my words to an angry deity held my arms in

supplication opened my cunt to meteors: I twisted and turned. 

<Footnote.>

                                                        <Footnote.>

"I'm ugly. You can't see my face. But if you put on your special

glasses, you'll see me twist and turn." [BRUISED HEART, p. 144.]



Because the virus was there, and I killed it

Because I kill everything I love bringing it to an end

Because the desert returned the sound of life to the form of life

Because the desert killed everything but the virus turned in

        upon itself turned or spiralled downward:



Because of these things, the screen rewrites me

Because of these things, I am given one more chance

Because of them, I am an eighteen year-old girl 

And because of them, I will never make love to a man:



I will make love to Maureen and I will pick up her gun 

And I will walk beside her, wherever that path may take me



Though that path take me through the wilderness or the desert

Or that path take me down, once and finally for all



- Clara



