=

                           





SUBJUGATION







Recently I've been called a "computer nerd" and criticized for my

time on the Net - so I've been thinking about this. I stay away from

the game-playing such as MUDs or even IRC for the most part, but

concentrate on email conferences and research through files and tel-

net or WWW. What amazes me is the reality of the Internet as an enor- 

mous discursivity, Jabes' Book come to life. I find my posts, whether

replies or submissions, are part of a legacy of "pure thinking" that

goes from Plato through Valery and Wittgenstein. The Net harbors such

thought, a concentration on argument and discussion - a sharing and

testing of ideas, the productive development of one's own thinking.

It can be a domain or "space" of pure critique in which resources are

just a telnet away; I am not so much locked into a computer terminal

(and all the implications of hacking, etc.) as I am into mind. This

is at least the mind of the symbolic, the letters written within and

upon neural columns, with the imaginary stoking the deeper recesses.

On the terminal _there is nothing else occurring_. The comparative 

violence of the Net, its flame wars and paranoias, is symptomatic

of the human; it is easy enough when necessary to construct firewalls 

through the use of moderators (passive or active), delete and kill 

files - whatever it takes. (The fact that it is easy, of course, does 

not mean that the targets and underlying causes should not be 

addressed.)



For someone like myself, ultimately _thought is all I have_; this is

the labor _I do_ and it has its own difficulties, a disasterous

economy, and intangible rewards. Thinking in the real world is

thinking _without community_; even in the university, thought is

always already a subjugation between ideological constructs, m/f,

professor and student, the specificities of one or another text.

Thinking on the Net is also contaminated; I would never deny that.

But thinking is also _the occurring of the Net_ for the user herself/

himself, an occurring that releases thought in a different way -

speeds it up, fast-forward. If cinema meanders through the imaginary

and the womb, the Net begins and ends with the first utterance; as I

have pointed out in Internet Text, the Net is timeless and spaceless;

even dysfunctional, it would retain a problematic autonomy.



Thinking produces itself, then, attaching itself to the name or

header of the post and the privacy of a communicative process paradox-

ically open to the world. There is always the fear that my _thinking

is never good enough_, that it faces imminent collapse, the ease of a

fast response undermining the very (lack of) basis of my agrument.

That such is rarely the case is also a symptom of _absorption_; one

becomes thought oneself, fulfilling an immediacy of dialectic never

before possible.



So I write for an "inhabitation" of the text, a dwelling-within-

thought that utilizes the computer for lack of other communal

response. This is not a "hacker addiction," but a prosthetic

domain, an opening to the space of thought, thinking not only the

_un_thinkable, but the thinkable as well.





  ` "Becoming aware of your world," said a sage, "only means putting

your shoulder to widening its insufferable closedness, dreaming

a minute cell into an immense prison.

  "We settle into a space and do not notice how it immediately closes

in on us.

  "The spirit dies, stifled.

  "Then thinking would merely straighten, tirelessly, the bulging

frontiers of thought.

  "We communicate with one another inside these.

  "Thus dialogue would turn into a joint siege of always a bit more

open space."

  And he added: "The proof is our thirst for freedom. We knock

against walls which we built with our own hands, forgetting that we

are called to be born and die of the same thirst.

  "In this forgetting lies our freedom." '



                           -  Edmond Jabes, *The Book of Dialogue*





