







AND SOME EXPLANATION RE-EDITED FROM A RECENT EMAIL POST





I can try and answer some of your questions - first, I look on a

reading as a kind of _inhabiting_; the works do hold together if

they're read in order, even though I'll try and break the molding as

much as possible (I just used a manifesto form, for example, in

thinking about some of the utopian or dystopian aspects of cyber-

thought, and _this_ piece, too, is suspect.) Bataille? I love *The

Blue of Noon* and some of his other work. But I'm more comfortable

with other writers - Haraway, Kristeva, Jabes, Levinas, some Lacan

(although I am _not_ a Lacanian), Wittgenstein, Clement Rosset (one

essay), Chasseguet-Smirgel (one book, Sexuality and Mind), and 

number of texts concerned with symbolic logic or the philosophy of 

mathematics.



The texts are a meditation on this (ontologically/epistemologically/

psychologically etc.) new realm we partly inhabit, and which may

eventually take all of us over. There are a variety of voices within

them. The initial Internet Text is part of the real meat of the

series - as is the short work on Wittgenstein I recently sent out. I

have no absolute agenda to fill; I think the problematic of psycho-

analysis on every level is quite clearly compounded by Net

communication, etc. It's fascinating. There are also concrete

political implications, which I tend to address more in my posts - an

absence of multiculturalisms, a tendency to absorb the other,

male aggressivity, etc. The (dream/terminal) screen is a membrane 

of projections and introjections and I try to address this.





-----------





I don't really have a list. ... The people I send the texts to are 

people who seem interested in the material; at times names come on 

and names come off, etc. (If you want yours removed, I would of 

course oblige.) There is a kind of branching at work as well - the

work is passed on; I receive mail from unknown sites.



What I want in terms of reading, just to conclude, is that kind of

inhabiting I mentioned at the beginning - the murmur of a voice

resonating perhaps with what the reader already knows..





