=







THE SAVAGENESS OF LITERARY CRITICISM





( The Harsh Reality of the Literary: 

   _I am sorry to bring you this._   ) 







How can I make you understand? Either the grace or the depth of her

poetry?



It's not just the body of Emily Dickinson that's at stake - it's any

body already dead, the buried body, hung down into the matrix of the

earth itself. The body becomes humus; it is the maternal body, open

already for the dissection of the masochist, the warm spurt of fluid

and enfolding labia; this is the body of literary criticism, in

which the text becomes the final conversation, always cherished, 

always safe. (I express myself here.)



This is a conversation which is operated-upon, the secrecy of the 

maternal, the comrade who always forgives. It is the love simultan-

eous of will and possession; everything is available. What power it 

always is to discern one's lover's secrets! This is the truth of this 

love; the secrets already understood - and _those that are yet to be

revealed_ - are always present, always _there_, the perfect body for

the perfect lover. (I express myself poorly here.)



It is always best to operate upon the dead, to devour them, to speak

with them and in their place. It is always better to place their  

mask upon your own, conjure them through a culture of imitation and

mimicry. Beware the living who can always answer back, and beware

those alive who refuse to answer! For our conversation as critique

is monolithic, one-way at best, the effusion of further prose. (I 

begin to express myself again.)



To love is to devour the loved one; Emily knew that and you know that 

as well, devouring Emily. To love is to incorporate, flee from 

abjection, transform the body of filth into the clean and proper body

with the skin-mask of the other which is always purified. The other 

is purified because the other exists in discourse itself, the 

remnants of life which become life. Understand this! (I begin to 

express myself all too well.)



But I speak for the living and in the midst of the living and this 

conjures a great fear - that rejection or negation at the heart of

every communication. For the negation of Emily is impossible; Emily

is the white surface of a Mallarme poem or the smooth unstriated 

plateau of the body _rendered_ without organs. What a better way to

render than the construct of a circle! The EMILY-BWO is a pill or

closure holding back the world of the viral. The renderer always

turns inward. The viral is the holding-back. The rendered undergoes

_web-inversion_. (I express myself poorly once again.)



It is this death and masochistic enterprise that is therefore at the

heart of literature, and displaced, at the heart of analysis itself.

Is it not. And if there were an `ought' to the analytical, it would

be in reference to the enterprise: the _necessary construct of self-

incrimination_ accompanying the text. Of this I myself am guilty.

If you have followed me to this extent, to the point or _punctum_ of

the enclosure which draws together, holds my body in abeyance. A

state of jouissance, might one add, a state of interminably fucking

EMILY-BWO? (I express myself all too well again, give myself away.)



_The fuck would be the end of the game; the fuck never occurs._ (I

refuse the responsibility of my expression.)





