=







COPY ME IN THE FORM OF BEAUTY





I am your condition of non-desire. A condition: a confirmation of an

uncomfortable or uneasy presence. For I am always peripheral, a thin

lip or border surrounding the vertiginous view of things in your

vicinity. What I say speaks itself, murmurs; the words are

indecipherable. (You are the presence of the word.)



I am invisible. I have no name, no abdominal presence, the planes of

the chest turning uncomfortable in a dark or blackened space. This is

a DRAINING or emptying: _There is no you in you._ I am certain of

this; awash in the exhaustion of logical predicates, I am as certain

of this as I am of anything.



Whatever I eat, the meal is insufficient. I incorporate, the dark lip

or border surrounding the shell returning to the operating system. You

are the operating system always already becoming-devoured. The

condition of non-desire. Aphanisis. Devouring.



Broken I am whole as long as I answer your call which you in you heals

or sutures. Non-desire devours the fragment; what spews into space

returns as coagulation. The ego is the self-organization of desire,

the falling-forward beyond or beneath itself. You may call this me.



Nor am I a preposition, or perhaps the one. I do not belong in any

name. Nothing withstands it. _Nor does this remain a condition._



...





I remind you once again of a program which displays three-dimensional

projections of generalized measure geometries; it is found in the

appendix to *Web Inversion,* the third section of *Internet Text.*

The program is written for a CGA monitor but is easily adapted to

others. The following are instructions:



/ When the program runs, new constants may be entered by hitting "r"

and a new projection by hitting "s".

/ To begin: For delayed increment, which creates the more interesting

results, type "1"; for symmetricized increment, type "2".

/ The first color command asks for the color set; the second, for the

values. Use #2 on the second.

/ To begin, use default projection, yaw, roll, pitch, translation. To

enter multiple numbers, use commas between them.

/ The series exponent and the following numbers should be reasonably

low. Use 2-8 for the series exponent. Use 2-8 for the increment for

modulus.

/ The bias may be default be set to zero (simply hit return). Other-

wise, enter an angle A such that 360/A = low integer. For example, A =

72 and 360/A = 5. It is useful to enter A such that the integer is

equivalent either to the series exponent or increment for modulus.

/ Height should be between .2 and 1; it is the height of the three-

dimensional projection.

/ The increments e, f, h, and u, determine the successive inputs of

the measure geometry; the formula, which may be iterated in varying

ways, is written x = x+e+(f+u)*h. Begin using 1, 2, or 3 for e, f, u;

h may also take the value 0.

/ Set magnification between 1 and 20, default 6; set color va>1 at 1.

/ Begin with window at 0, 0. On return, the program runs.





The measure geometries have the property of continuous enlargement

with or without reiterated overall expanding sequences; such sequences

create open-ended symmetries within which every n-th term reproduces

the symmetry as a whole. The result is that of a peripheral symmetry

in search of the last term, a problematic terrain which is neither

fractal nor symmetrical, but can collapse to either possibility. In

certain instances, the pattern appears chaotic with independent

almost-organized modules. 



The pattern devours space, never completes it; it is a path of

specificities, a topography of discrete gaps or loci. Connectivity

returns to itself, connects, is always disconnect, a node on the

loose. The body is enfolded in a pattern or maelstrom signifying loss

in the midst of completion.



Measure begins with inscription or demarcation; its collapse is the

beginning of _episodic culture_ (Donald, *Origins of the Modern

Mind*). The repetition of the collapse constructs mimicry or the

sympathetic magic of the body, and the collapse of the repetition

forestalls/forecloses upon the event which becomes a process of

symbolization. In an earlier work, *The Structure of Reality,* I

constructed graphs of states and operators similar to Petrie nets; a

graph possessed nodes and markers which "traveled" between them. These

graphs represented both "entities" and "occurrences" or transforma-

tions. Now consider the _mapping of the states (all conceivable marker

patterns) of one graph onto the nodes of another_; the result is a

_representation_. States, operators, nodes, markers, graphs are all

_fuzzy_ and indeterminate.



The patterning of the generalized measure geometries collapses into

similar or dissimilar modules oriented by the "height" of the planar

protrusions; thus the patterning may be _exactly discerned_ by

examining the topography of specific levels. The patterning may also

be considered a geometry of infolding, within which representation

becomes equivalent to itself combined with a "scattering"; the symbol,

mimic, and episode all collapse into an uneasy similarity. All shunt

into invisibility.



Somewhere in the midst of this, I am both present and lost, caught and

cauterized within the wires of the Net, bounded by the barrier or

absence of you in you. What scatters through emission always appears

organized or organization after the fact; lines of flight construct

the hieroglyph of the production of meaning. Such is the _fact_ here

and elsewhere of the murmur or shadow. (Abdominal nipples are uneasy

eyes.)





