||







POOR THOUGHT





Given the current world information and economic order, radicalized

intellectuality has nowhere to go. Marxism, terminated from within,

remains a residue of a once sceptical enterprise; Heideggerianism,

with its exhausted poetics, becomes a last resort, the conjunction

of irrelevant humanities with the defensive maneuvers of a dying

but impervious language.



Thinking, always organized around the horizon of the catastrophic,

dissipates by virtue of _too much thought,_ idiosyncratic local

sites which necessarily turn in upon themselves, mirror-stages to

their own implosion. From within the Hole, the contraction is

never in evidence, until perhaps violent events in the world at

large create a sufficient disturbance, with all the markings of

death, violent and organic.



With this in mind, a re-examination of subjectivity must retreat

from its own positioning, the harboring of completion under any 

other name. It is not that eidetic reduction and the bracket no

longer exist; it is that they exist everywhere, constructing incon-

ceivable micro-territories as ASCII or GIF codes - they make no

_differance_. 



If subjectivity exists throughout, or interpenetrates, "recognition,

address, protocol," then the subject is at a loss within the noise

of the empire of communications (EC). _Nowhere_ within this scheme

is the subject _represented_; the voice, granular or not, is

silenced, transferring laterally the EC itself into the domain of

neural networking.



This is a serious flaw in an otherwise fascinating theory; if Inter-

net text abjures the tradition of the subject to such an extent, 

it becomes a description _only_ of the EC, or an imperialist 

subject of the same (in both literal and Irigarayan senses). Consider

for a moment Oscar Gandy's *The Panoptic Sort,* _A Political Economy

of Personal Information_ (Westview, 1993):



	The panoptic sort can be understood to involve three

	integrated functions or processes: identification, 

	classification, and assessment. [...] The identification

	will never move to the level of personhood as we may 

	understand the person as the subject of religion,

	philosophy, and idealized systems of justice. The

	attention of the panoptic sort moves only to levels of

	identification that have administrative and instrumental

	relevance. (p.15)



Operating across the EC, the panoptic sort exists as a form of

instrumental reason, a form blindly taken up by Internet Text to the

extent that the subject is _foreclosed_ by recognition/address/

protocol. Only by an _extension_ into the problematic of organic

epistemology can this poor thought be saved at all. Consider the

following readjustments:



To begin, address is aligned with the _proper name_ in the Kripkean

sense, an _obdurate_ or inert construct that crosses ontological

regimes in all possible worlds. The subject is hardened by virtue

of presence, a hardening within which recognition is broadened to

include presentification or alterity. Through recognition, the 

subject is guaranteed appearance.



Protocol also is realigned to include the etiquette of the everyday,

the attempt to establish and mutually orient "cognitive domains"

among correspondents. All three terms, then, counteract the _subject

of the same_; ignoring the EC, they insist on the absorbing of tele-

communications within an ecosystem of which the EC is only a part-

object, never a whole.



This absorption is guaranteed by considering all three terms as

_assignments_ to the subject; even address becomes a second-order

encoding after the fact. The traditional hiatus or membrane between

subject and object must be replaced by a hap between subject and EC;

it is within the gap that the _problematic_ of _any_ subjectivity

appears. By placing the gap itself within the exteriority of the

subject, the information carrying-capacity of the EC becomes (as in

Merlin Donald's work) an _extension_ of the subject across ontolo-

gical domains, the suturing of epistemological disjunction.



REWRITE too is accorded a realignment, with traditional shifter 

analysis (the virtual-I within the "I") and speech acts transferred

always already to the performative mode; each asserts/is a reinser-

tion into the socius, carrying the aegis of psychoanalytical 

reinforcement. The result is the insistent subject operating within

the political economy of the real, something hardly envisioned by

the original writers of the Internet Text. 



REWRITE is also _subject-object_, continuous reassertion occurring in

no-domain. _Nothing_ writes or is written; information flow accrues

within and across the gap. (REWRITE is history.)



Poor thought then becomes the thought of the gap and the "weaker

subject," the subject of knives and starvation, the subject of the

decay or fragmentation of the nation-state. The political economy

of REWRITE requires communicative excess, difficult at the best of 

times, almost impossible in its absence. It is through poor thought,

however, that Internet Text is renewed and reinserted into the

necessities of contemporary thought.



(By the Sort Collective)





