=







PIPELINE





What is disseminated as theory appears as the result of pipelined

processes which are self-regulated; over time, the processes alter

as a result of cathexis and facilitation. Nothing hardens into

place, but the pipeline behaves increasingly as a series of

filters which include compression; in fact compression is the

construct of the real as interstitial operations: A taxonomy of

symptoms is created which construes the real as their effacement.

In this manner, self-regulating background information is

reassembled as annihilated information, just as at the margins

of cyberspace, the password deadends into closed or absent

gateways.



The pipelined processes are the result of the inertia of teleology

and style; it is never too late to return to the former, which

constructs the latter. The organism which inhabits the symbolic

also circumscribes it; this is the demarcation of an individuality

which ceaselessly promulgates itself. (Altruism translates into

discipleship at this junction.) Such a circumscription portends 

the infiltration of the symbolic as well, its reconstruction as an

idiolectical enterprise, the proper name of the organism. Under-

stand this: it is the proper name which is the foundation of the

theoretical, not the ideological formation of language or the

social. The latter are the residue of theory. (Whoever writes

anonymously sleeps well at night, the pleasure of the voice buried

in a prose so purified as to guarantee the imaginary transformation

of the world.)



For theory is pure speech; like bureaucracy, it abjures contact

with the real except insofar as the latter may be absorbed. I write

my name and Marx's on the barricades, subsume Disney beneath the

sign of Baudrillard, and sign my papers like proper invoices with

a sense of completion. Praxis is the secondary narcissism of the

subject invoked by the primary processes/pipelining.



What occurs in pipelining: The production/processing of verbs and

nouns, only later conjoined; the operation of the syntactical 

engine; the sublimated desire of the theorist; the genetic 

enhancement of the symbolic from within and without the distur-

bance of the abject; the interpenetration and multiplexing of

pre- and post-linguistic part-objects; the stuttering of the body

and its gestural extensions beyond distributive lattices/Boolean

logics; superimpositions; the inscriptions of the fragmentary and

fissured; concatenations and obfuscation of type theory; the

underlying political economy of the symbolic; organic restraints

and the economy of excess. All feed into one another, all conjoin.

The symbolic itself is necessarily a conflation of pipelines,

self-regulating and transforming. But the symbolic is nothing

without the organism, which is the ascription of meaning. 



This is the wager of theory: about everything and nothing at all,

above everything, about intention, desire, and the proper name.







