=







CAT







The vast correlation of living things... everything held in place on

the matrix of the planet - everything cohered - the result of forces,

displacements, classifications and recognitions - correlation and

correlations - what gave meaning to the world - the meaning of _this_

or _that_ - the correlation within the vast domain - nothing means,

nothing means outside of that - you could answer the question easily,

quickly, a domain look-up, one or another directory - directories 

overlapped - rock stratigraphy, quantum numbers, the slop of a hill

in Tennessee - Markov processes, matrix determinations - taxonomic

sieves - everything deffered, slid beneath the surface - everything

differs, stuttered laterally -



(Language rides the correlations, inhabits their excesses - meaning

inhabits language inhabits domains - as in the motion of surface, 

impossible to separate one thing against or within another - categor-

icity itself at stake here - classification of entities, belongings -



((Organism longs for belonging, returns to uncanny memory - one or

another world wide web - organism gophers through deference - in fact

deference dwells beneath the maternal - cover of stammered lips -



A CAT and a SNAKE were travelling one warm summer day through a field 

of wheat; the path was barely visible, the terrain one of low rolling 

hills divided by lazy creeks. The snake said to the cat, "You are a

surplus of woman and man, one behind and one in front." The cat 

replied, "And you always pull yourself through yourself, always in

search, but never entering."



Akira said, "The journey is long but there is no end. To retain the

semen inhibits excess, changes it to good wine, good eating, and good

loving. To give pleasure, it must never be written down."



Akira said, "One travels behind one another but one is beside 

oneself." And he added that touch is the truest sign of belonging.



To CAT is to concatenate files, to display them. To link into chain,

determine difference and order. To order, to articulate differance. 

To correlate the particulation or granularity of the real. To cat is

to name, point, gesture. To name, point, gesture, is to devour the 

real through the body and concatenation of the name. To name is a 

name. Name is a figuration. To configure is to display.







