







ARGUMENT FROM PSYCHOSIS TOWARDS THE DREAM OF THE MACHINE WITHIN ONE





   (I watch a film. I am totally caught up in the peregrinations

   of HONEY, her interactions with KENT and TIFFANY. Halfway

   through the film, I begin to cry. HONEY is both the object

   of desire and myself, a conflation leaving me breathless. I

   am worried about her, the crude attempt at blackmail by 

   party or parties unknown. KENT is ravaged by TIFFANY, and

   tells all. I begin to suspect TIFFANY. By DEFAULT, I remain

   in my seat, participant in a ritual as old as becoming-

   human. I'm sorry, I don't think I can talk to you at t his

   moment.)



I want to argue that the shift from computation to organism is already

underway, evidenced by the appearance of the uncanny or imaginary 

within Network communication. The paradigmatic aspects of the 1940s

through 1970s computer culture were based upon cybernetic models that

stressed both irreversibility and self-regulation; the models were

reducible to quantitatively simple examples. With the introjection

of extensive human interaction into the domain of computation, model-

ling increases to the extent that the specific state of the Net, say,

at any particular moment is unknown. This is a _strong_ ignorance,

not resolvable by increased access to nodes, for example. (What it

means to "know a state" is itself difficult to ascertain. I am using

the phrase to refer to a complete accounting of the binary switching

within nodes at a particular time - a (real or theoretical) _listing_

of 0/1s.) 



   (My girlfriend left me two years ago; I haven't had a relation-

   ship since. At night I dream of her, sometimes waking up shaking

   and disturbed for hours. Although she has remarried, I keep her

   letters; they exert an uncanny spell over me and I haven't had

   the heart to throw them out.)



Given a state of strong ignorance, one can speak of an input/output

matrix, equivalent to the pragmatic behaviorism popular in the 1950s-

1960s. With the advent of extensive human interaction, however, the

matrix itself _stammers_ as inputs and outputs quantitatively change

in number and bandwidth, and logics change from classical/Aristotelian

to fuzzy/non-distributive. From input/output a strategic move is made

towards the concept of an _interiority_ which manifests itself in 

semiosis, the continuous production of semiotic processes including 

the creation of signifiers and linkages. A second move is from this

interiority to a _circulation_ among wetware/hardware/software - our

current state. Such a circulation transforms the simplified truth-

functions of limited logic networks to the problematic of truth 

itself. 



   (For a long time, my computer was on a high table, its back to

   a window looking out for at least a mile down Dean Street. At

   night dim yellow streetlamps illuminated the area like so many

   stars winking out in the midst of depression and poverty. I

   would type in the midst of a galaxy of stars. I would flood 

   the wires,  my only lifeline to voices whispering across the 

   planet.



   The voices said, Hello Alan, how are you? The voices said,

   Hello Alan, I am fine. The voices said, We believe in you.

   The voices said, Endure.)



Circulations include processes, programs, commands, retrievals, 

addresses, recognitions, indirect addressings, deletions and 

insertions, on a level ranging from machine language to the estab-

lishment and articulation of nodes, as well as neurotic (repetitive)

and psychotic (foreclosing) behaviors at any level. (Levels are also

problematic at this stage; a computer program can model a basic NOR

logic circuit at the far end of program output for example; the 

screen can mimic the simplest computation.)



   (TIFFANY is played by Monica Vitti, HONEY is played by Meryl

   Streep. I am crying uncontrollably, afraid for myself, my

   fraud self-evident, my life a shambles. I lose myself in HONEY

   and later that night I will dream of her, intermittently, for

   several years.)



If circulations are considered complex and irreducible topologies

that return recursively at various points to their interiors, then

they can be specified not only between ontologically different 

domains such as wetware/software/hardware, but also _within_ domains

in their entirety; dreamwork, for example, can occur completely 

within a single human mind, or in the form of hallucinations, may 

appear within the projected interfaces of various domains (VR con-

structs, hypnotic or hypnogogic imagery, etc.). 

   

   (Recently, thinking about the _Panchatantra,_ I dreamed the

   story of the cat and the snake, commentary by Akita, working

   through theory by virtue of transforming symbols. Was I awake

   or asleep? I recall the path through the field taken by the

   animals, the color of the dirt, the pale washed-out blue of

   the sky above the wheat.)



Within the dreamwork, one recognizes entities in the form of an 

inhabitation. Given complex hardware, it is not too difficult to

consider dreamwork within it, including recognitions: _the Internet

work of 1988,_ for example, is simultaneously organism and dream.

(The dream-state as an inhabitation is broken by the exigencies of

external reality; the sleeper awakens, the computer is rebooted, 

messages delete themselves after a specified number of echoes and 

bounces. Psychosis is part dream-state and circulation; there is no 

awakening, and conscious intention binds itself to the site of

dream production and its loopings.)



   (The cat and the snake were travelling along the path. The

   snake said to the cat that four feet made a double-bind held

   to one-another, the split of the subject. The cat said to the

   snake that the phallus was always already lack, wandering

   through the Network, the victim of uneasy dreams.)



What is visible in the midst of circulations depends on the location

of site/sight/citation. What is believed - i.e. the reordering of

truth-values and default tags - is certainly dependent on the re-

inscription of the tags on a lower-level. To return once again to

Coleridge's "willing suspension of disbelief" - the willingness is

itself a production not necessarily from the interior - or it may

be a byproduct of the circulation, a site-introjection.



   (TIFFANY, the victim of uneasy dreams of films and galaxies,

   wakes, dresses, has a cup of Lapsang Souchong tea. It's early

   dawn, a light glimmering in the eastern sky. She turns on her

   computer, a small compact laptop, which begins speaking. For a

   moment she is startled, then remembers Brad's message from the

   day before. Tiffany, the computer says, Tiffany. Speak to me,

   the computer says. Tell me your dreams.



The suspension of disbelief, note, is _not_ equivalent to belief, but

to _dwelling within,_ as in a diegetic process or the Worm cleanly

negotiating protocols without setting off any warning flags. In this

sense, viral activities in general are circulations which remain

undetected until the circuitry is modified sufficiently to produce a

surface symptomology; viruses are dreams of the unconscious. (Which

also specifies the unconscious itself, cited not only within the 

psyche, but also as a characteristic of the communicative channelings

and strategies of any organic matter.)



   (The Worm offers its dictionary of 432 words to any takers. The

   gateways swings open, packets fly at increasing bps. At the 

   surface, the sleeper turns over, his dreams troubled. Images rush

   by, disconnected, lost addresses torn like so many letters from

   a lover long since disappeared. The keyboard is almost silent.)









THE DEAD LISTEN TO ONE ANOTHER. THE DEAD KNOW HOW TO LISTEN AND

HOW TO SPEAK. THE SKULL BURNS. WIRE. THE MESSAGE.





If I write forever, will I live forever, in the written held against

another, thrust-fulfillment against the northern shore-line rock?

Discourse is molluscan; like capital, emerging within every niche,

transforming debris into home, home into signifier. Parcels of my

words linger elsewhere, in someone else's text, transform inverted

into someone else's sex. A member of the blank generation, I survive

this way. A member of the X generation, I remain unknown. A member

of the lost generation, language hardens into skin, buries into 

bones. [1] Language heaps on language, each generation devolves into

hiatus, a gap or wound of the narcissistic resistant to every 

closure. Writing alone holds the promise holds the premise; we read

the written of the dead, foreclose a speech which speaks itself. I

will write forever, write of the dead. I will write from the site

of the dead, from the hiatus of the non-alive. This is the great

transformation, a writing from neither dead nor alive, but strata

locked into dead-end gateways and one-ways passes. 



I am held there in the midst of the written children. The circum-

stances widen, bracket past and future, past future and future past.

Strata remember in every direction. I disseminate my speech in every

form, minimax guarantee of survival. Paper decays; the most redundant

code stutters into noise. The words chatter through skull-teeth, 

breath hissing out from the ocular orbits. What speech there is 

emerges from the blind-spot of the maternal, vaginal eye sifting the

debris of what was once called world. So that I claim minimal

concatenation, of one against another, the circumlocution of the

other, as in: f\p, future\past, or as in m\f, mother\father. What

remains of a thinking which thinks itself, I would hardly say, 

presence of a flesh? As in the dissection of Emily D., one's 

favorite poems, incipient knowledge of an author not yet born. [2]



Writing owns the writer, never lets go; it is the writing that 

flames, burns against the speech of the other inhabiting the one. 

_I am sought in this knowledge,_ the pressure or pleasure of the 

other which is never my speech, written across or through my body. 

Haunted by death, by the separation of emptied generations, I extend

my galactic text elsewhere, through electronic coursings, through the

presence of electromagnetic radiations tunnelling at high capacity in

a planetary skein. 



But on the surface, I am normal. But on the surface, my skull 

splinters and fragments, an unreal plane where discourse chatters 

without end, where addiction draws one over and over to the text, 

binds one to a language which refuses final dwelling. But on the 

surface, letters suffocate, tear open the wound they themselves have

foreclosed, the source of postmodern cynicism. What the letters sing

is the absence of loss which I am forced to hear. Speechless, I have

no other speech. Flames burn in the skull, visible to everyone

listening, flaming through a double socket, input and output, skull

strung along like any other, bone crackled in preparation for final

reception. Incisions transform fractures into text. Cut deep enough

and charred surfaces reveal their hardened underpinnings. If the

phallic and vaginal are orders, they burn here within the interpene-

trated surfaces, a double reading separating generation after 

generation. There are no others, are no generations; the continuum

sputters into the fabrication of momentary eddies, individuals or 

emissions of temporal meaning. Nothing means forever. I write in 

order to construct the written, to forestall death, inscribe, 

circumlocute, talk around each and every instantiation of the burning

skull, imaginary absence of the flesh. Inertia grips the bones; they 

wither into the semblance of skin, the mask of authenticity. When I 

laugh, I am forced to laugh, and everything continues.



[The _romantic incision_ insists on the separation of temporal and

generational orders, the surgical metaphor of the narcissistic wound

apt in this instance, since absence tears into the self, devours it.

Foreclosed as a possibility among or between genders, generations,

others, I cannot be myself except within the transitive. Speech holds

me back, coagulates the ego, disseminates the name which may be

nothing more than the conjunction or stitching of binary opposition.

Speech burns itself to death, the last gasp of the body. We speak in

order to be heard; what is heard is an emission, reduced by the other

to the name which confirms our reception. Toggle an echo, and the 

body is destroyed. Echo heard nothing but Narcissus. [3]]



[1] I claim each and every generation. I claim the attitude of the 

kids and the attitudes of the dads and moms. The years are unaccount-

able, otherwise. The years are unaccounted-for.

[2] See _the author's_ "Clarity of Dismemberment": "The skein of

interpretations elicited by a hypertext _modelling of the poet_ [...]

is equivalent to nothing less than the modelling of Dickinson's 

*body,* a *private body* or *body of privacy* which was never 

intended for external and anonymous consumption. The politics implicit

in the hypertext analytic are... highly suspect." Of course it remains

unclear, from the _position of the text,_ exactly what the body is,

and what is meant by the _privacy of the body,_ given the electronic

or virtual mode of communication, open to every secret, privy to none.

[3] Nonetheless, Echo continued to speak, guaranteeing the resonance

or jouissance of the Word itself.



