

UUENCODED UUDECODED: WRITING-AS-A-JEW ON INTERNET





What does it mean to write-as-a-Jew in Cyberspace? This is not to

speak of Jews in Cyberspace (the title of a recent article) or its

theology, but to consider that nomadism that extends beyond the 

Diaspora to New York City, to a wandering mixed with fear and 

wonder. Here in Brooklyn, more than anywhere else I have lived,

I am aware of my Judaism, not because of the presence of "my

people" (or anyone else's), but because of an unstated anti-semi-

tism that forces me into and through the identification.



Were we the worst dreams of organized European Protestantism and

Catholicism? The worst dreams beyond that of gender - within which,

according to Sandor Gilman, legends were told in Germany of the

menstruation of Jewish men. Has our ethnicity always been one of

dispersion, nodes on the Net of Yiddish/Ladino communication? Do we

exist as the obverse or tain of the mirror-stage, uneasy irruptions

of the darker imaginary - the so-called "people of the book" giving

way to a violencing of the symbolic of the Word of the Gospels?



The action of the Crucifixion became the text of the Crucifixion,

God's Word affixed from the crown of Christ to the arm of the Jew.

According to Gilman, to write, for the Jew, has often been to write

self-hatred. Through the example of the Marranos have we learned to

pass? To we pass with our hatred?



Like queers or blacks, are we the worst thoughts of the infiltration

of the nuclear family, as attested to by our apparent habit of 

devouring Christian children for Passover? You don't have to look

farther than Chaucer's little Hugh of Lincoln, although there are

many examples - Pound, Eliot, Jung, Campbell, Kerouac, Dostoevsky, to

name a few. But why stop there? By necessity, I refer you to Mehlman,

*Legacies of Anti-Semitism in France,* its chapters on _Blanchot,

Lacan, Giraudoux,_ and _Gide,_ not to mention _Celine._ [1] This is a

_hidden_ legacy; now Jews are assumed assimilated, hiding their mach-

inations behind elaborate conspiracies and _passing_ for anything but

themselves. Here in Brooklyn there is a group which considers Jews

imposters, having usurped the title from blacks and other minorities.



Like the Diaspora itself, our identity is lateral, skittering; like

Net communication, we become a community of virtual subjects, without

legitimation until recently, disbanded from one or another country,

rounded up into the Ghetto, placed beyond the Pale. And never think

for a moment that in Europe or the remnants of the Soviet Union, the

plague of anti-semitism has subsided; if anything, it has increased

like a virus, blaming Jews for everything, including the loss of WWII.



Needless to say, the commingling, by both left and right, of Jew with

Israel, has resulted in a _legitimation_ of anti-semitism under the

guise of the return of the repressed. The possibility of a _critical

Jew_ is overlooked in order to reorganize us as _those people,_ 

grouped along with queers, blacks, feminists, and just about anyone

else encamped on the other side of the hill. We don't need to circum-

scribe ourselves; it's done for us. 



So I insist on writing-as-a-Jew which occurs within a lateral excess

or problematic of definition; _I am marked,_ and as marked I assess

demarcation, inscription itself, returning the subject to the neces-

sity of its property\propriety. For we are "ethnic" and uncivil at 

best; I am told one can always recognize a Jew. 



And all of this brings up the problematic of the Net, where passing 

female for male or male for female attains a certain degree of lurid

notoriety, but what of the _necessity_ of this passing for some women,

and what of the _pain_ of passing for white or straight or Christian

elsewhere? How does the ontology of trans-gender fit with skin-color

or coded queer advertising or Jewish denial? In the real world it is

impossible to toggle switches without doing violence to one's psyche;

passing on the Net as neutral or neutrally engaged may be less damag-

ing, but has the potential for devouring the subject from within as

well. (This is an example of what I call "web inversion" in the 

Internet Text.)



So granted I write-as-a-Jew, write laterally, from the position of 

the book or the guarded body (as feminin ecriture writes from a 

different but equally metonymic/metaphoric stance), then I also take

on the responsibility of writing _beneath_ a certain protocol, not

with the intention of formulating a definitive theory of virtual

subjectivity or mediated communication (i.e. Internet, Videophone,

Bulletin Board, VR), but with the intention of promulgating a system

of _practices_ that remain partial and indeterminate. [2] From this 

position (which for better or worse _I_ and perhaps _I alone_ asso-

ciate with a certain ethnicity), these practices are all that are

conceivable within or against the domain of _truth_ and its aporia.

I theorize in a sense _to reconstitute myself_ which includes the

reconstitution of the site of speech, a primary symbolic. And just

as reconstitution always already is interminable as analysis itself

(the _Jewish_ Freud), so is theorizing: This is the _pornography_

of theory which clearly exhausts itself almost upon completion.

(Think of existentialism, metaphysics, or any philosophy including

_anti_-philosophers, Nietzsche for example. Every pronouncement

simply _leads to another_; perhaps Derrida more than anyone is

aware of the `hermeneutic rhizomatic' and its attendent subtextual

operations, always accumulating, always incomplete. And this is the

Derrida perhaps of the `Reb Derissa' of Jabes' *Book of

Questions,* quoted at the end of "Ellipsis": _"Tomorrow is the

shadow and reflexibility of our hands."_)



It is not true that if the Jews did not exist, that Europe would

have to invent them; it is that _we have had to invent ourselves_

beyond the discovery of Europe.



You will find us on the net.



- Avi



