

				!:\scroll\scroll.txt/.nervrc/.sondheim







BEAUTY IN CYBERSPACE





Some quotes from Adorno, *Aesthetic Theory*:



1. "Even Hegel arrests the dialectic of aesthetic thought by giving a 

static definition of beauty as 'pure appearance of the Idea to sense.' 

Beauty cannot be defined, but neither can the concept of beauty be 

dispensed with altogether. This is an antinomy in the strict sense of the 

term. Without conceptualization, aesthetics would be mushy." Are we at a 

loss without a definition in this place, cyberspace or not?

2. "The grief that art expresses results from the fact that it realizes 

unreal reconciliation at the expense of real reconciliation." Would this 

apply to the imaginary aspect of computer mediated communication? Is there

a distancing-function that forecloses a certain kind of suturing, 

disavowing the subject at the same time as the subject expresses 

herself/himself? Would this cauterization be an example of (again) an 

inverse hysteria in which the speech of the subject is denied as it is 

spoken/typed? As if we could never say the fulfillment of our expression; 

excess leaks through the cut.

3. "Idealism believed art is nature, but in fact the relation is such 

that art seeks to redeem what nature promises. How does art accomplish 

this? By breaking that promise and withdrawing into itself. This much is 

correct about Hegel's thesis that art is influenced by negativity, namely 

the 'deficiency of natural beauty.'" Is the withdrawal in CMC that of 

physical reality itself - an ontological strategy? Mathematics was 

considered the 'queen' of the sciences, I believe, to some extent because 

of the beauty - read 'clean and proper body' (Kristeva) of equations 

which are always already floating signifiers at their most grounded. So 

that beauty involves - and it clearly does from Romanticism on - a 

certain disembodiment, as evidenced both in the Kantian sublime and the 

concept of 'aetherial beauty.' But then what occurs within the _domain of 

the disembodied_ - what distinguishes beauty from non-beauty. Does this 

involve the constitution of purity in the sense of the Idea? Or may it be 

precisely the opposite, the symptomologies of seduction and the lure, the 

excess of the signifier, the uncanny of the communication? 



Which brings us finally to some quotes from Lyotard, *Lessons on the 

Analytic of the Sublime*:



4. "Thus the argument is the following: because the feeling of the 

beautiful results from a form, which is a limitation, its affinity lies 

with understanding. The affinity of sublime feeling, which is or can be 

provided by the without-form, lies with reason. There is indeed a 

similarity between both cases in that the presentation of the given should 

be able to be thought by a concept but, in both cases, is not. This is 

why the concept of understanding, like that of reason, remains 

'inderminate.'" And again: "Thus the difference between the beautiful and 

the sublime is linked to the difference between the limited character of 

the object and the without-limit of the object." Now it seems to me that 

neither category describes either the Net itself as an entity or the 

(dis)embodied CMC within it. For both are a new formation: the _stuttered 

or stammered_ linkage, packet-driven, full of erasures, addressings and 

mis-addressings, and, within the level of psycho/logical/analytical 

content, false starts, default tags, misrecognitions, misappropriations, 

and the like. This is not a _fractal_ or _chaotic_ formation by any 

means, but something more on the order of a dissolute Cantor dust which 

extends only a finite number of cuts. 



The result is a (continuous) deferral of pleasure, coupled with a reading 

between-the-lines, filling in the language, the site/citation of the lure 

which is never a sight. The evident danger of filling-in creates on one 

hand flame-wars (which attempt to suture the stuttering by the annihila- 

tion of the other - i.e. if only I were completely understood, everyone 

would see that I am correct, foreclosed, bwo), and on the other 

cyberflirts which veer dangerously close to mythological primary 

narcissism of the symbolic. Still, beauty is clearly found within the 

latter as the landscape becomes momentarily smoother and more 

pleasurable. (The definition of pleasure is another related issue.)



