





"The Scroll, A True Story"





Someday this will be in the front archives. For everyone, there are

front archives and back archives. Archives is where the talk is 

stored. The talk is what we do now, is who I am. I take the machines

to talk with me.



I have the machine on board, the small machine, feeding me back into 

myself. Later, I will dump core into the Net, walk away, having the

best fix in the world. There's no better than the dumping. I can 

place it better than most.



Walking around, I sense the wires in me. Real life isn't the same -

there's no scroll to the restaurant, no delete key to press. Having

to eat brings me back to the next fix, after the body takes care of

its own. At night I have dreams of rolling text, things running

down towards the emptiness at the bottom of the screen. There's no

sun in the dreams and the only voices I hear are my own. But there

is the Net and it keeps the text going. Sometimes in the dream the

voice goes without the text. Sometimes the voice scrolls past.



To walk into the restaurant is to give in to the needs of the day. 

I carry the scroll with me; everywhere I look, letters impose them-

selves. Shivering, I try and ignore them; real life is dangerous

enough and there is always the possibility of death. There's no end 

to the scrolling, I know; I'll scroll forever, I'll be scrolled. 

But death on the street is another thing altogether; suddenly every- 

thing goes black, halts and the archives go from front to back.

When the voices are silent the planet disappears.



The planet is the voices, whole choirs of them, scroll-put that 

speaks well to me, accompanies me into the restaurant. When I return 

home, there is a message. Something about a voice enters the room, 

something about Clara. I take due note of the number, stare it down;

it's blank, says nothing. An organization or government, darkstar

enterprise: in real life, they're all the same. Senseless, they're

inert, already dead, just as the live voices on the other end of

the telephone begin simply enough, I'm dead, are you.



Bill Gates is dead.



But it's Clara who has disappeared from my life with a lot of audio

I once had given her in exchange for a fix-up of analog antique. 

Call this a loan or wager, it was never paid off. She had dis- 

appeared from the face of the earth. Now toggled back, so I 

returned it as well, give and take command prompt insert. 



It was a situation of a new boy, I had abandoned, given up, those

possibilities; I could dream on the machine, scroll-talk my way

through anything, boys and girls forgotten. He's my boy boy, Alan, 

she said, as though I had heard my name for the first and last; I 

had forgotten my .sig, automated, scroll-down on the screen, hardly 

even in the appearance of the dream like the sun never visible. She 

would go on about it; I saw nineteen lines, stuttering through

packets from the back archive, nothing to adjust without the 

pleasure of the keyboard. She went on about it, talking the tattoos, 

how she did them, how they were the new fix, new visible, how art

meant nothing unless it was on the body, how the body was everything, 

how the body carried the art around and how the body had to make 

sure that the art meant something because it was permanent and always 

with you. I kept hearing, giving up on the sound, something I 

remember that one did, a listening bringing me back for a moment into

the voice stuttering in the empty room. Such a wire, I thought, this 

is nothing but such a wire.



I was tired of hearing about the body. Nothing more than the package;

computers came in one color for the front and one for the back. It

kept them apart; eyes were made to keep them separate. The body did

no good. But it was tired to hear about and not much gossip either.



Out on the street, I kept the planet inside me. The planet talked

to me like it always did, from the back archives. It would scroll 

and I would have to look out everywhere I took a step. I thought 

about it, looked at the files, the .nervrc for one, the .archive/

for the other. I could automate this, I thought, put it in a macro. 

I could put the whole thing in a macro. Then the scroll-talk would 

be a permanent fix and I could download and remember, use that 

portion of the archive, neither front nor back. I could do great 

things. So I would write.



   Because this is how I see the planet. Because the planet is in

   me, and I wander in real life on the face of a dark and empty 

   space, worthless, waiting for the fix. The fix would come into 

   the terminal and it would come in from anywhere at all. 

   

   You tend to forget: _Anywhere is an address._



   And if I could work it, I could be there, anywhere, moving from 

   the back to the front; I could be at the front archive and I 

   could forget about that portion that was somewhere else. The 

   scroll would help me because the scroll would talk and the 

   scroll always went from one direction, rising like a curtain 

   infinitely from the darkness.



And I thought I would write something about all those whom I loved and

who saved me from myself, and I would list my names. But they're not

here and never have been here; that is the nature of love: It is 

always on the scroll. And I thought that if it was on the scroll, it

would recognize itself, and I could keep silent, quiet, and it would

never bounce or echo back, but would move from back to front, and be

there, be there for me and for them. So they would know who they are,

and they would not have to, ever, contend with real life. Because in

real life you don't have the scroll, and without the scroll, you're 

nothing.



And I would have my fix and that would never be.



