 





The Interruption



	I move from one program to the next. The keyboard is 

difficult, a violent operation of pressure against the tips of the 

fingers. Neck and backpains are common in the wilderness. With great 

difficulty I continue laboring beneath the tree. Everything holds 

its own against me, a form of cynicism catching me by surprise. You 

must imagine the scene with the single tree in the landscape, the 

shadow of the noonday sun, violence casting the shadows of its 

branches against the blue-white sky. The solitude of black

illuminates a singular and desolate bird perched in the midst of 

the firmament. 



	I must send this information to Justine; more than a matter 

of survival, my very life is at stake. It is a question always 

already of translation, unix to dos to binary through xmodem ymodem 

kermit uuencode pkunzip, the collapse and recuperation of text 

completely alien to the landscape around me. I am insane with 

garbled characters, insane with the level of debris sloughing from 

the body hanging down into the heated surface of the desert.



	I would be the desert. I would cauterize and dry the scalp, 

split clean from the skull; I would place them on the firmament, 

an enormous plate boiling with turbulence from desiccated air. 

Nothing works in this world, high in the Peruvian mountains, low 

in the badlands of eastern California. The atoms themselves are 

sluggish, moving aimlessly with nervous energy, never straying far 

from the obdurate density of gravel and sand.



	ASCII chokes with the necessity of information conveyed, 

returned to proper language. ASCII slides, snake-like, across the 

floor of the earth, a trail both imminent and erasable, existing 

within the potential well of absolute desertification; it sprouts 

where nothing else grows, grovels beneath the weight of the skull 

already fractured from the heat. It revels in secrecy which no one 

hears, slides into pools of letters, misplaced punctuation, cries 

and murmurs hardly stilled beneath the blazing surface of the planet.



	What I would be is of no importance. Blood flows thick in 

this realm, stops, reverses, slows to the indefinite halt of 

temporality itself. Blood dried is the color of the desert; within 

this languid landscape, the desert is the color of dried blood, 

the identical color of the sky, the bird, the tree, skull, me, 

ASCII or binary sludge. Someone alive would comprehend this, the 

proof that thought thinks itself, that nothing _thinks thought_.

Unthinking, I remain unthought.



sondheim@newschool.edu, sondheim@panix.com





