





Relative Ontologies and the Virtual





If there are variant ontologies for language, program, byte, ASCII

communication - as well as variant ontologies for set-theoretical

entities, affect, and the classical or quantum domains of physical

reality, then it seems it is necessary to construct a double opera-

tion of internal categoricity and the question of fundamental onto-

logy. The first lends itself to a compressed classification in

which program and byte are subsets of dynamic set-theoretical 

entities; language and ASCII communication exist within both struc-

ture and affect. The relation of program to language is well-defined

and therefore language can be dispensed with; machine-language 

further translates into the encoding or decoding of bits according

to specified rules. But language itself possesses fuzzy rules - the

set of which I believe to be technically unsolvable and unaccessible

(drawing from the problematic of traditional axiomatics). ASCII pre-

sents a double aspect of language: on one hand the _contiguous_

manipulation of bits, and on the other, issues of structure and

affect, the same as in face-to-face communication. I would argue as

well here that language is non-linear in its face-to-face aspects,

and the linearity of ASCII is also contingent at best.



The second issue of fundamental ontology is equally grave. For if

there is _any_ ontological classification, i.e. being subsumed 

within the attribute, is it also true that the resulting ipseities

in the plural necessarily implicate a transcendent nature of Being

- as if the question of Heidegger's metaphysics _logically_ con-

structs by (its very) nature a Grund? Or is it possible to invert

this question, place it as a (fundamental) misrecognition, an 

effect of language, and insist on splintered domains, sutured by the

subject on one hand, and by a conceivable interlocking as a 

_condition_ of any existence? This wager would require a devolution

of interlock, i.e. not granting it any greater status than an inter-

textual trope; it also places the ontic within the realm of the

subject. On one hand the problem becomes one of avoiding solipsism;

on the other, of creating a primacy of the contingent. The counter

to the first position is an insistence on ontology as a projective

argument constructed from the attributive in the first place; the

counter to the second is a retention of interlock as a _condition_

of an existence that can recognize itself to the extent of raising

the question (version of the anthropic principle). Ontology on one

hand becomes fundamental _to the subject and nothing else,_ and on

the other, entirely dismissible.



These issues are obviated by tying ontology _only_ to the attribu-

tive; such being the case, argument concerning the virtuality of

virtual reality and the like can be specified in relation to 

domain, the VR of affect itself through itself, for example, bring-

ing into play hypnogogic imagery, dreams, schizophrenic hallucina-

tions and the like - even optical illusions play a role here. Issues

of 'life' and 'intelligence' may be similarly treated; if life is

defined as a set of self-reproductive strategies (with or without

any other rule-structures) than within the domain of the computer

program, a virus is alive - the substrate becomes nothing more than

a (necessary but contingent) carrier-wave. Likewise, if intelli-

gence is a certain kind of _construct,_ then the substrate - so-

called artificial or natural - is irrelevant, even though it may be

that artificial life will never achieve the degree or quality of

(self) consciousness possessed by human subjects.



It may be satisfying at this point to contemplate splintered ontolo- 

gies, always already avoiding an absolute - either from the domain

of metaphysics, or the metaphoric. Power then becomes an issue of

local actants, for example - which is not to imply a micro-politics,

only the relative ontology of the political terrain and possibly

its relation to the subject. This strategy also tends to normalize

issues of virtual subjectivity in relation to computer mediated

communication - which is nothing more or less than communication

among subjects in a relatively new domain with its own, but not

necessarily limited, characteristics.





