





Surgical-Medical Model of Night Abuse: Addiction to Blind Text





The night swells out, an enormous bruise cushioned against the 

network of the neural insomniac; within reason, I recognize, only

through the recuperation of this text, the foreclosed nature of

abuse and addiction that sanctions the violence of computer

discourse. Addiction to abuse is always deliberate misrecognition;

today one speaks of "denial," "in denial," the classical ground of

Freudian negation. To speak _abuse_ is not to disabuse, a longer

drawn-out operation, cauterizing speech itself. (The duality of

this life is such that I will die chattering.)



The _tumor_ of this operation inhabits the chaotic, accurate

within the molecular realm, disingenuous elsewhere. The _striated_

sky, with its mapping of stars and constellations, sidereal time,

is no longer visible; the thick veins and arteries that pulse 

there guarantee the inchoate spreading of tissue beyond control.

One writes to avoid collapse, to avoid the confrontation that 

writing alone can bring; one speaks in order to avoid speaking, to

allow the machine in him or her to speak, to dream, to whisper

uncanny thoughts from the dead Jean-Paul Sartre:



"which forces the working woman to live a prefabricated destiny as

_her reality._ She would try in vain to take refuge in intimate

'privacy'; such a remedy would betray her directly, and become

simply a mode of subjective realisation of objectivity. When semi-

automatic machines were first introduced, investigations showed

that specialised women workers indulged in sexual fantasies as they

worked: they recalled their bedrooms, their beds, the previous 

night - everything that specially concerns a person in the isolation

of the self-enclosed couple. But it was the machine in them which

was dreaming of love: the kind of attention demanded by their work

allowed them neither distraction (thinking of something else) nor

total mental application (thinking would slow down their movements).

The machine demands and creates in the worker an inverted semi-

automatism which complements it: an explosive mixture of uncons-

sciousness and vigilance. The mind is absorbed but not used; it is

concentrated in _lateral_ supervision; and the body functions

'mechanically' while yet remaining _under surveillance._" (Critique

of Dialectical Reason, p. 233.)



Haunted by the _discourse_ on the machine, and the machine _in me_,

the lassitude of consciousness and the daydream infiltrates the

onward projection of ASCII speech, almost without interrupt, the

linguistic _instance_ wavering as part-object before taking its

place among others. This "total mental application" is dissolute,

a _Spaltung_ or split within the subject-denying-the-subject, just

as sexual or physical abuse forecloses the accounting of the body,

going so far as to discount accounting itself. Thus the body be-

comes drawn further in, the _wayward_ or _contrary_ body-in-

remission, acting-upon as if acting. Through withdrawal this becomes

evident as the _inauthentic object_ of denial, the circumlocution of

absence or password leading into the null gateway (see Internet 

Text). The tumor spreads, simultaneously suturing the subject

against the originary narcissistic wound or separation, and 

precluding a recognition that could only be described as clarity, 

silence, rewiring. The content of abuse is _for this never to 

happen;_ subjectivity would collapse through the loss of address.

(And hardwiring is almost impossible to redirect _at the source._)



_Typing,_ I think this out or through, think this through myself and

through you, and the _sense of it_ appears through the typing. It is

within the _lateral_ that _something would occur elsewhere_ and as

long as one types, that something is sublimated into the appearance

of confession, truth, and observance.



_Truth_ itself is the construct of sublimation. _Truth_ is the con-

struct because it is declarative and well-defined, the production of

the elsewhere of the world, the non-existent clean and proper body.

Which is not to deny the truth-value of truth, the tautological in-

stantiation hovering violently over the real. Truth cauterized is

without its producing-matrix, the dream-screen or imaginary once

again; and it is well to recognize that truth is a production, with

all the implications of labor and foreclosure that is implied. 



The production is eased through axiomatics or convention, the 

playing out of a determinate field through concatenations and sub-

stitutions. But the truth of the subject is less eased and always

thrust against the dream-machine (which is not the desiring-machine

of Deleuze and Guattari but should be) - the truth of the subject

lies precisely in the murmur, the dissolute, the fissuring of fore-

closure and everything else. (What is this, but memories of womb, of

torture and annihilation, the exaltation of love, ecriture feminin,

jouissance, chaotic drives and stuttering of temporality. What plays

on the surface speaks on the surface.)



Thus it seems that _under or beneath my control,_ the machine has

produced and transmitted this text, carrying the semblance of truth

pipelining through one or another editor, filtered beyond the belief

of the body, carrying and admitting the signs of the tell-tale heart

of addiction itself, closing off in the presence of the header or

signature, sondheim@newschool.edu, sondheim@panix.com.





