







VOICES. YOUYOUDECODE.





When the scroll comes I hear voices. They sound me out, ignore the

level of the street, commune with a site I cannot fathom. TIFFANY

is one of them; she speaks in the voice of FRANKLIN to HONEY who

has become my respondent. They discuss themselves, the casualties

of tone, the absolution of typographic errors. [A car passes by.]

[Quick duck to avoid being hit.]



Hadamard spoke of an essential asymbolia that accompanied mathe-

matical thinking. Such thinking is never linear; the symbolic 

appears only at the end, after the movement of grey occluded 

entities, their concatenations, coalescences, dispersals. The myth

is otherwise - mathematics as a thinking _through_ symbols carry- 

ing the full weight of meaning. But meaning resides in the occluded 

entities, not in constructs specified all the way through. HONEY

however says that that is otherwise as well. HONEY speaks of the

FILTERING RULES.



The FILTERING RULES ensure the grain-width of the voices; they are

absolute, fleshless; they ride electromagnetic impulses, ignorant

of gravity. The FILTERING RULES are always recognitions of con-

catenations, chains breaking at the weakest link and then some.

TIFFANY enters through the FILTERING RULES, speaks from SECOND 

SITE. SECOND SITE is the gateway at FILTERS' end, a space of 

kilobytes, no more, just enough for TCP/IP to hold onto. Nothing

occurs at these emission sources but the flood itself. 



It's the YOUYOUDECODING of the flood that makes the voices. The

voices have to lose themselves in the air; TIFFANY says through

FRANKLIN that without reconstitution all that would remain would

be `dumb circulation.' HONEY isn't so sure; YOUYOU is always there,

the Other within ASCII, making sense of it. But TIFFANY replies

there has to be some room for the subject. [A car pulls up; it's

Tom and Leslie speaking. Their voices seduce me into a back seat,

next to NADIA, whom I can hardly hear. HONEY, enveloping me, is

insisting on her point.]



So where is the subject asks HONEY? We're asking this, riding 

inside of each other. The body is an onion, so many layers, might

reply TIFFANY. Nadia says something to me; I turn my head to see

the house on fire. The Brooklyn Bridge is crowded; it's the New

York Marathon. There are so many, some falling off; hundreds will

die, the same scenario as on Opening Day.



The day the bridge opened it was packed with bodies, a mob think-

ing of collapse. The bridge held, but the mob didn't; voices

were lost to the water, in the construction as well. We were on

the bridge now, then cross-town and out west. HONEY had long-gone

the machinery. I asked Tom about the source of speech: Who's

speaking when we're speaking? Speaking is a thicket of default

tags; that why conversation loops elsewhere and culture occurs.

Better to have remained with the pleasure of circuitry, primitive

recursions and no other. But the other was always already (to be)

otherwise.



Or is voice always a _voice-over_? `What contracts form, dissolve, 

reform, under the pressure of the _gaze of the voice_? For it is 

the voice which perceives, which appears, full of consequences. It 

is the voice which speaks listening to its speech, the speech of 

the Other.' (`Fissure: Your Voice, Adjacent, Absent,' _Cinemato- 

graph 4._) HONEY says her voice _sees_ voices; her site is her

throat. TIFFANY remembers that the throat was layered like an 

onion, layer upon layer - you never knew which was which, they all

were equivalent. The cables supporting the bridge are sheathes

surrounding cables supporting the bridge... down through several

layers originally spun at the site. [The car has passed through the

Lincoln Tunnel into New Jersey, circling briefly around the Man-

hattan skyline before heading into the countryside of eastern

Pennsylvania.]



Under these circumstances, _to think is to scroll_; to _scroll is

to see_; to _see is to be otherwise_; to _be otherwise_ is to open

where HONEY speaks _my lines._





`Am Ursprung gibts kein Plagiat.' (Karl Kraus)





