





FILM RESPONSE TO THE WORLD





As in the situation of _Marcel Pleynet,_ there are times that I 

overwhelm myself with brilliance, the justification of my reading 

in the appearance of a _text askew,_ an _elemental_. My reason for 

existence is clearly theory itself, nothing more; this _incomplete 

task I call the world_ remains my own. Thus in the guise of 

conversation or reply, I _transform myself_ into a dream of the 

Academy or Lyceum. I remember the resonance of each and every port, 

the potential for support or retort, affect or effect. Beneath the 

surface, I am a node on the Net, the disaster of protocol itself. 

Anyone and everyone sees through me; my guise is one of transparency. 



The first response, as in the situation of _Pleynet,_ is that of 

the proto-determination of the _name_. Begin here. End here. It 

involutes, thrusts out through the very measure of discourse. 



It is in the nature or form of the _game_ which anyone can play, but 

which returns sublimated by the establishment of the rules _in the 

face of the other_. Note within and without the opening gambit, for 

such as it is, the declaration of resistance withdrawn - clearly a 

form of resistance. This preciousness is reminiscent at the least 

of Klossowski, the delimitation of a manifold or obstruction 

overcome by its declaration which is clearly a performative. The 

performative lends itself to the other, only the relative trans- 

parency of the situation fools no one at all.





kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk





I cannot resist remarking that Brakhage = bra\cage, for that period the 

simulacrum of the breast. Your description of Mothlight tallies with work 

done by USCO and company around the same time - the production of 

_Ganz-feld_ artworks and experiments; one example was a cloth sphere or 

breast, against which the viewer placed his or her face, with eyes open - 

the result was all sorts of hallucinatory sensations.



_Pushing against_ the camera is also against the breast? Not necessarily 

the phallus - the camera possess a phallic appearance and is a _unit_ in 

the scene, but the scene itself is an expansion, collapsed by the push.



On Tue, 28 Jun 1994, Robert Withers wrote:



> Can we avoid the notion that the camera represents a subjectivity, an

> authorship, a point of view?  Not sure that we can.  Brakhage complained

> about the lens as the tyranny of Renaissance perspective -- can the camera

> be separated from subjectivity?  Tyranny of the suture?

> 

> Brakhage in Mothlight (moth parts scotch-taped to celluloid) and in films

> intended to suggest the sensation of lights that you "see" when you close

> your eyes and rub your eyeballs pushed against the domination of the camera

> but also fetishized it as an extension of his eye.  (Echoing Vertov's

> fetishization of the Kino-Eye.)

>                                              Regards,

>                                                      Robert

 



ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd





The camera appears again, its uneasy eye searching precisely for 

that formation characteristic of the presence of a determinate self. 

Everything disappears beneath the carpetry of allusion. What occurs 

is the force of the _stain_ which spreads throughout the insistence 

on the picture and its frame, the barrier from which the world 

retrieves itself. Say no more! It is its own continuation.





bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb





Subject: Re: the camera





This gets complicated. Years ago I wrote an article for _Obscura_ on the

phenomenology of landscape, pointing out that you can't have an _image_ or

representation - or even an _idea_ of an area (mountain, your lap, your

face in a mirror, Mars) without a point-of-view; this is an interior

monolog opened up within the body. Just as the eye "edits" light quanta

moving in every direction, thereby producing the semblance of a mapping of

shadows and contours to which we assign "entities," given specific

(matrix) transformations, so an area is always already edited at least to

the extent that there is a subject. Now, that said, there is a clear

relationship between landscape and frame, which circumscribes or circum-

locutes a landscape on one hand, and references a sememe (semiotic space

beneath a signifier) on the other. Likewise, frame is relevant to script,

and script to narratology. You see where this chain leads - from camera to

narrative, from spatialization and secondary temporality (no space is

present without time for the subject) to temporality and secondary

spatialization (the landscape or mise-en-scene as substructure of

narrative). In all instances, we are dealing with the _subject._ One could

argue that a "truer" (forgive the use of the word) relationship between

photo-sensitive paper and physical reality would eliminate the lens,

frame, and shutter altogether. The result would be a black negative, white

image - and we are _shattered_ by this whiteness, this disorder (which I

relate to the abject) at the margins of the visible. (So to _speak_.) I

would think the Heideggerian Dasein would come into play here. 



Finally, "beyond" this phenomenology, what or whom the camera represents 

is moot, a question of argument and the vagrancies of theory. For on 

another level, the camera is not ever a representation, but a positioned 

thing whose proper name is problematic and slippery. This is where the 

freedom of theory comes in, and freedom is just another word for nothing 

left to lose (perhaps the most philosophical rock can get, with the 

exception of John Lydon's I may be wrong / I may be right).



sondheim@newschool.edu sondheim@panix.com







