=







INTELLECTUAL LABOR, CHUNNEL





Meaning spat by the symbolic encrusts the machine teeth churning

through psychotic flesh \ cylindrical wrap with helical teeth

removes concavities from billennium strata \ circular flat with

conical teeth rotates thrust through liquid's vast ceiling \ inert

grind and debris of the real \ 



The fist attacks the handle of the shovel. The shovel is half-buried

in the earth, handle vertical. The distant sound of the blade is

heard \ black sand torn from its moorings.



SATIN sits at the console. SATIN smiles; her smile lights the world.

SATIN approves satin subscribe Cybermind sondheim@panix.com. SATIN

subs eleanor@parasol.mit.edu disapproves hawkeye@notworth.com code

password subscribe 128.34.65.20. SATIN's long black hair cascades in

romantic rivulets down her back her tie-died dress her red shoes. 

SATIN's voice rings the world, the cathedral of the universal.



I say to SATIN this is the choosing that thinks itself choice but is

always already chosen. I say to SATIN this is the labor of the 

intellect. The board lights up; everything is down; code red; every-

thing begins to fill with garbage; carriage returns appear following

carriage returns; the protocol takes over; net-capital reproduces

itself, viral, on the screen:



Billennial strata heave, creak slightly; the chunnel opens to the

public; wary nations are connected; the symbolic speaks creaking;

cracks disengage the fist:



The fist goes up, goes down on the handle of the shovel. The fist 

goes up, goes down on the handle of the shovel. The fist goes up,

goes down; SATIN, I say, I say SATIN, this is the exhaustion of the

mind, this is the labor of the intellectual; the fist goes up, down

on the handle of the shovel; the fist goes down, down on the handle

of the shovel.



The shovel is the REMOVER. The shovel shuttles cylindrical teeth

rasping the pathway of the chunnel. Subscribe Current SATIN password

approve LAPIDARY soundproof@satin.com. SATIN's password is Satin;

she types: q for exit, Q for exit, exit for exit quit for exit, Quit

for exit, bye for exit. She types: Talk. She types Talk soundproof@

satin.com; there is no response. There is no response; the screen

clears, creaks, black goes black.



The screen divides; she types Help for help; ? for help; help for

help; h for help; ^D for help; return for help. Help comes, CLS 

clear screen. Unix picks up the garbage, deposits it. Two nations

dissolve, the chunnel a topographic handle connecting two spheres,

alchemical retort. Slurry forms from class struggle, remains of the

classical. 



SATIN retorts: "The inert grind and debris of the real. The real has

no name. Nothing was ever given a name. There is nothing. Radiation

everywhere, radiation seeping through. What is called the postmodern.

Acknowledge radiation. The terminal degree, terminal relationship.

APPROVE me; I can't approve myself.



I can approve everyone who cannot approve themselves. I can sub 

everyone who cannot sub themselves. Can I sub myself? TYPE TWO. I 

can sub myself because there is no `everyone who cannot sub them-

selves.' At least _in this sentence_ there is no `everyone.'" SATIN

is sentenced to this, intellectual labor, connects, disconnects.



I dream of SATIN, she thinks herself through me, through Unix; she

pipelines. I AM HER COMMAND. At the prompt C:\> I type SATIN. She is

a bad file name. At the prompt I type cd\SATIN I find C:\SATIN> I

type SATIN find C:\SATIN\SATIN> I type SATIN find C:\SATIN\SATIN\

SATIN> - the chunnel continues, inaccessibly-high number of direc-

tories, subdirectories. The shoulder moves slightly with each blow.

"Impenetrable earth," the shovel says, "Stop this."



_Begin the paean_; SATIN sings:



O unrecognizable labor co-existing within the sphere that makes us!

O form of disavowal, always speech and uuencode uudecode!

Always to learn the syllables, always to question the floor beneath

the chunnel!

The labor of the chunnel, the dwelling of the floor!

How can you know what it is like to disbelieve?

To miss the forest because of the certain absence of trees!

Dissolve the body, absence of each and every pleasure!

O place the shovel deep within the earth, return the sea urchin's

teeth to their proper habitat within the deep!

The urchin resides on the ceiling of the chunnel, floor of the watery

depth!

The urchin sings "I am at her command." On the surface, billennial

strata, the urchin sings!



The stratigraphic creak opens the harboring of drives and their

collisions. Turbulence, eddies embrace chaotic forms, swing through

bifurcation maps. Chunnel divides; SATIN elides, classifies. It is

in the nature of intellectual labor, caress the taxonomic. Whether

there are categories. Whether it is categorical.





