







From sondheim@panix3.panix.com Tue Jul 26 03:56:09 1994

Date: Tue, 26 Jul 1994 03:55:45 -0400 (EDT)

From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix3.panix.com>

To: fiction-of-philosophy@world.std.com

Subject: The Gaze





To the upper left, within the white bar that denies me the edge of the 

screen, I read Alt-Z help, an eternal remission back to the everyday 

world of the coffee next to me. The Menu command appears to the right, 

hypertextual without return to the imminence of this letter _t_ that I 

now am typing. I am within the Compose Message mode, writing on top of 

the Inbox folder with four messages. I remember the messages, hidden by 

this writing which also hides my screen-reflection, a two-dimensional 

ASCII grating descending to the welcoming address, fiction-of-philosophy 

@world.std.com and I think to myself, this is the world, this reflection 

which is never insurmountable. There are no Cc:, no others who, through 

kindness or courtesy, interfere with the two of us, yourself and myself, 

wraiths of terror, fleeting descendents of the furies, an evening meal.



I write in fear of erasure; the text, too, flees into the upper screen 

buffer zone, invisible to one and all. I remember a lack of attachments, 

addressings no longer visible, just as attachments require solicitation 

for their shy appearance. I remember "this writing which also hides my 

screen-reflection, just visible at screen-top, a two-dimensional defense 

against the presence of death: "Whilst my Physitians by their love are 

growne / Cosmographers, and I their Mapp, who lie / Flat on this bed, 

that by them may be showne / That this is my South-west discoverie / _Per 

fretum febris,_ by these streights to die," - through the _raging of 

fever_ Donne writes his own cartography, the _fever of the text_ which 

_always accompanies the text_ - and who speaks of these fevers? Blanchot, 

Levinas on the other sides of the laws, perhaps - existence ruptured, 

struggling through. Down below, ^G, GET HELP or ^C, CANCEL, or ^K, Cut 

Text: Down below, ^J, Justify: As if justification could exist when the 

Law itself is cut down, dissolute among the wraiths, Klossowski's breaths 

certainly, the gathering of menstrual women at dusk reading Leviticus.



And ^O and to postpone, just as this text begins and ends "for their shy 

appearance," remembering a hidden writing beyond or elsewhere than the 

reflective tendency. "One can also speak of different forms of the night 

that occur right in the daytime. Illuminated objects can appear to us as 

though in twilight shapes. Like the unreal, invented city we find after 

an exhausting trip, things and beings strike us as though they no longer 

composed a world, and were swimming in the chaos of their existence." 



"The rustling of the _there is_ ... is horror." (Levinas) ^T, To Spell, to 

Sit or Cast a Spell. ^W, as in "Where is the Current that flows beneath 

us," in order to ^J, Justify, as if justification could exist within or 

without the intermediary of the Law. For as Derrida has written:



"Justice, as law, is never exercised without a decision that _cuts,_ that 

divides." "The undecidable remains caught, lodged, at least as a ghost - 

but an essential ghost - in every decision, in every event of decision. 

Its ghostliness deconstructs from within any assurance of presence, any 

certitude or any supposed criteriology that would assure us of the 

justice of a decision, in truth of the very event of a decision." And I 

would add, in truth, of the very _world_ as well, its composition, 

swimming in chaotic existence, the problematic of its being present or 

being _well._



We would talk on Unix\talk and there would only be that thin dotted line 

between us. ^UnCut Text, the clearance of a space initiated by the 

presence of the screen, extensive everywhere, its ghostliness 

deconstructing presence which was always allusive, just as the body is 

allusive, imaginary in the saying of it. This is its ghostliness, lending 

itself further to ^V, next page, in search of the commands which govern 

the autochthonic function itself.



INBOX has stabilized: 4 Messages; a fifth will appear in the gap between 

this and the other.



Alan Sondheim





