





BAD LOGIC





We are to define a strongly inaccessible cardinal. In order to do so, 

two criteria are sufficient: N<M implies 2expN<M and [E x<M]MexpX = M, 

where the latter is read as a sigma function. Where is M? M is always 

separated from any given N since there exists a P such that N<P<M and 

given P there exists a Q such that P<Q<M and by the axiom of regular- 

ity, necessary or not, we never return to the origin. P is the smell

of the bed, a sweet and sickly odor, dark black sheets against impene-

trable night. There are slight stains of cum, stains of blood-memories

and sweat inverted against Q. Q is the intensification of the night-

mare, her touch pointing specifically to the interior of the ankles,

from which desire arises, she has spoken. Desire travels from the 

ankles up through the interior of the thighs. Desire spreads across

the body from the center of the body. 



She has said to me, My friend, you are no longer desirable. No longer

do I call you my lover. You are unattractive. You have always been

unattractive. I love you but I do not long for you. Stains seep 

further along the interstices of the sheets. M is the flower of my

penis, my interrupted longing attached to a useless organ. M crawls

along the nightmare; M screams: Give me form. M jumps off, shunts

across the first infinity. M jumps across the second. The border is

never there.



I have said to her, I would please you, my lover, but the border is 

a broken thing, useless, and dark beneath the sweet sick odor of your

body. At night I find my anus, inhabit its interior, web inversion of

body, your thought a thin split membrane pulsing against my own. Your

thought is R, a chain stuttered the length of the invalid, open 

incision and the growth of new skin observed by the medical team. The

skin never made it to the other side. I call the skin S for skin and

S which is between R and M. M glowers but I never see M; the paradox

is the formlessness of M, tearing into my flesh. I roll over, churn

against the sheets; the sour smell of my body devours them in flames.

I will recall that I inscribe this memory. 



The cardinal is strongly inaccessible. M is my dream; I turn over,

cough against the bed moist uncontrolled body. She says that she will

love me forever. I stumble her name across a line or two of ASCII

text. Awake, I burn her name into my wrist. I shall carry a death

within each and every body. I remember _wires_. I remember my body

tied into T, skin stretched. The world yearns M which leaks back 

inverted. M is a thing forlorn, tiny or crying thing, the tiniest.

The odor overwhelms me. My limbs slough, crumble, one two three four.

My head rolls sideways. The dream is that I have no neck. Forlorn the

body sinks to the cursor. I write myself into existence. You are 

always depressed and that is very unattractive and that is why I am 

leaving you she said. You want strange sex and that is very unappeal-

ing and that is why I am leaving. You put bodies together and I do 

not understand bodies. Your smell fills the room. M is inaccessible.







