



                                                                 



PHENOMENOLOGICAL NATURE OF FILM THEORY





The standard Hollywood code (shc) creates a diegesis which leans

heavily on the natural environment of the spectator. It is the goal 

of this brief note to describe the code in relation to the phenom- 

enology of desire and the body. We begin by outlining elements of 

the shc and the construction of the spectator in relation to them.



<shc>:



1 The 180 degree rule: The body can only be in one position at a

time. In order to view the ulterior side of an object, the viewer

moves around it. Connected establishing shots convey this movement.



2 The rule of thirds: The eyeline is roughly 1/3 from the top of

the head. In conversation, the viewer frames the face of the other;

this `natural' framing is reproduced on the film or television 

screen. Likewise, the framing allows for the space-of-the-actor;

a glance to the left opens up empty screen on the left, the acti-

vated space of the actor.



3 Avoidance of natural cutoffs: The body is never framed at the

waist, breasts, knees, neck, etc.; these natural cutoffs reduce the

mobility of the body, which in the lifeworld appears supple and

totalized. Avoiding the cutoffs retains the appearance of unity,

even in closeup.



4 Continuity: The lifeworld is continuous; continuity creates the

same within the film or television program.



5 Fade-in/fade-out between scenes: Since the film is a _compression_

of the real, scenes are presented for their potential to append to

or reconfigure the diegesis. The unnatural between-scenes (liminal)

positioning is rendered by a slow transform between them, imitating

the much slower transform in the lifeworld.



6 Jump cut: Just as a new `reality' appears suddenly in a dream with

disturbing or jarring consequences, so a jump cut generally produces

the same in a film.



7 Standard cut: Standard cuts, usually within the same mise-en-scene,

move the spectator from one to another position while observing the

180 degree rule. These cuts represent a totalizing of the scene under

question, achievable in the lifeworld by stepping-back. But see #9.



8 Idealized closeup, blurred background: The viewer's desire comes

into play, heightening the face, eliminating the background or trans-

forming it into an infantilized blurred maternal matrix; the closeup

is idealized in order to play into the operation of introjection -

desire-for `one' who is simultaneously this one and not this one, one

who may be present within/without the screen.



9 Action/reaction shot, A/B cutting (i.e. chase cutting): The desire

to totalize confronts the lifeworld which is `naturally' separated;

totalization as a narrative function results in closure/foreclosure 

of the spectator. This is a return to the stage of primary narcissism

or the return of the body into the (fabricated) coherency of the 

life-world; it is an urge (like that of hitting the tonic at the end

of a song) that is beyond the specificities of culture. With closure,

the wound within the narcissistic is again sutured; the subject is

(re)placed within his or her cultural context.



10 Film-noir half-lighting: In the night, objects appear _only inso-

far as they desire to appear_ through artificial lighting. Hence, at

night, objects are _intended_; film-noir plays into this. Darkness 

or night signify evil only insofar as they hide; evil uses subterfuge

- invisibility. Half-light combines evil and the every-day already

shadowed by the night; the result is the lurid, pleasure fraught with

danger, a sense of imminent terror. 



11 Up-shot: Height is a sign of power and physical strength.



12 Down-shot: Looking-down signifies both the power of the spectator

and the totalization of the visible scene as well.



13 Emotional close-up: In the lifeworld, tears are the occasion for

action on the part of the viewer, who approaches the crying person

for comfort, offering intimacy. On this screen this is replicated by

the emotional-closeup.



--



Numerous other examples could be given. I claim then that the shc is

not _only_ a historical convention that continues to develop over 

time, but that it possesses a _deep structure_ which may be found in

other cultures (and other media) as well, a structure dependent on

the physical and emotional exigencies of the human organism. As in

the various customs of eating, the superstructure is subject to wild

development, but the underlying basis (in the case of eating, the 

necessity for reasonable nourishment) remains somewhat constant.



In this sense, then, the film is related both to the story and the 

dream: all three are _compressed_ versions of the real, and all use

elements of cutting. Only the dream is not closed or foreclosed;

related to the random firing of neurons, it is an attempt by the 

mind to _construct_ foreclosure in the midst of its impossibility.

(For in fact `making sense' of something is itself a foreclosing on

anomaly and incomprehension.)



Finally, I wish to claim that many of the techniques of the cinematic

`avant-garde' from Godard through Ahwesh and Thornton are based on a

dislocation of the spectator's desire and positioning, creating a

different tension, a tension of the grounding of the body and its

project. This internalizing of the spectator within the diegesis (for

the viewer must work himself/herself in and out of the maze) results 

in a `deeper' dynamics and economy of cinematic operation. Of course, 

within any particular film, `avant-garde' or not, nothing is ever 

this clear; further, the `deeper' dynamics is always at work, but 

usually _as ground,_ not diegetic content. (And it must be mentioned 

that artists like Brakhage, Warhol, LeGrice, etc. also take into

account the physical materiality of the film, which becomes indexical,

rather than iconic. But these styles take us far afield from the shc.)



In conclusion: The shc results in a heightened and compressed 

reality, not reality's other; the cinematic experience plays into and

throughout the real (providing a default tag - i.e. the recognition

of fictivity - is kept in mind). From this it is not a far step to

the examination of the codes/diegetics of Internet space, for 

example, in which the subject also plays a role, both conventional

and limited...





PHENOMENOLOGICAL NATURE OF FILM THEORY II





There are several interrelated strata for consideration of cinematic

temporality, grounded in relation to the _physical_ unravelling of 

the film at 24 fps. This is an _obdurate_ or inert process, and at

first glance is similar to the condition of temporality in the life-

world - always irreversible. But the lifeworld is characterized by

interruptions on every level, ranging from waiting to cross the

street to an unexpected phone-call; immersed in the lifeworld, the

subject's experience of time is both vacuous (for absent) and 

doubled ("I'm bored"/"things are moving too fast"). 



The cinematic obdurate and the lifeworld chaotic do not clash; in

fact, they cohere within the ritualized proscenium of the theater,

a temporal and spatial constant to the _presentation_ of cinema, or

what may be termed the _presencing_ of the diegetic. In this sense

theater and cinema construct the apparatus or machinic: "The _film_,

strange formation reputed to be normal, is no more normal than the

_society_ or the _organism._ All these so-called objects are the

result of imposition and hope for an accomplished totality. They are

supposed to realize the reasonable goal par excellence, the

subordination of all partial drives, all sterile and divergent move-

ments, to the unity of an organic body." (Lyotard, Acinema)



In fact, all films are totalities in relation to the obdurate; the

question here is the relation between the cinematic and spectatorial

time. The spectator is always _before_ the screen, before the mirror;

what is reflected is simultaneously a mode of identification and 

decathexis. The film is watched with the default tag of fictivity, 

of _theatrical_ presence. And the film supplies its own light.



The _time_ of the spectator is therefore the _time_ of cognition, of

thinking from one subject to another, circumscribing the chaotic

which remains on the street, even if the film represents the same.

The shc tends to concentrate on short shots, since, as in the class-

ical reading of the dreamwork, _shots signify_ and they operate upon

the spectator in the construct of a signified which itself is oper-

ative within the diegesis. In the life-world, significance is con-

structed from _internal_ and teleological factors, as well as

interruptions which play upon memory; both occur against a background

deliberately undeciphered. (This is in other words the edited real

we all inhabit.) 



The spectator gives himself/herself to the signifying apparatus of

the film. What happens in a long shot? There are clearly several

options, as there are in the lifeworld. First, boredom may set in; 

the viewer indeed has "got it" - understood the length through 

extrapolation. This is the effect of waiting for a late train. 

Second, attention may wander to intended details, which themselves,

through their very positionality, deepen or extend the signifying

domain or sememe of the shot. Third, the viewer may give herself/

himself over to the _inhabitation_ of the shot, which then turns upon

the phenomenology of real-time. (The first may characterize early

Warhol; the second, La Notte; and the third, Michael Oppitz' Shamans

of the Blind Country.) All three modes - the late-train, the museo-

logical, and the real-time - are characteristics of subjective 

temporality in the lifeworld. (There is a fourth mode as well - an

extended goal-shot, as in the long-shot of a soccer game, waiting for

a goal. This parallels the late-train, but is composed instead of

micro-actions which tend _towards_ the goal, such as running to catch

the train.)



(It is primarily within the domain of _signifying time_ that cultural

or generational variation appears; a viewer of MTV may be critically

bored at an early stage of La Notte, compared to someone used to 

Antonioni's conventions. It is important to note here that significa-

tion is used to refer to the compressed and overt/legible symptomology

of "moving the film forward," not to the cinematic excess which is the

basis for the deep semantics of the work. Even this excess is always

already intended, however; what is present on the screen _means_ on

the screen. An example of this in daily life: A saxophone player on a

subway platform often adds to the noise if one is waiting for a train;

on a film, the same saxophone can `read' as unbearably poignant...)







