





The Trouble I had with Poets





What I remember about the poets and the trouble I had with them was

first the time Anne called and I picked up the phone and said Anne, 

knowing it was her. But Bernadette said that I was involved 

with Rosemary to get closer to Vito and Vito had told Rosemary I was 

a pest, which he also told to Dara who Vito told me was a pest. In

short order, pests were everywhere. My ex-wife went to Bernadette's 

ex and there were fights all around. Keith seemed to put up with me

and once when I was crying around midnight told me I was a real artist.

Jackson saw the tape that Kathy and I did and said it took courage.

Meanwhile Vito saw the tape and said I wan't a real artist and Laurie

saw the tape and said I was. Allison went up to Kathy by the way and

said she was married to me and Kathy told Allison I was crazy. Rosmarie

I don't think ever liked me although I liked her with a great aplumb.

Meanwhile David just about stopped talking to me and Aram thought I

should focus more and was just impossible. Clark and I talked all night

long early on and I owe him for that, but I felt used and abandoned

towards the end. When I first read Allen that was all the Allen there

was, but Dan told me that Vito said he never wanted to end up like me. 

Still Alan told me I wasn't as arrogant as he had heard, and Krister

hated me for reading Lacan until later when she read Lacan and more, 

according to Henry, and then just hated me. So anyway, I.A. said I had 

surprising talent, orphaning me, and quite a few years later I saw

Robert stand up, which I had not seen him do before, although there was

no reason for him not to do it. I fell in love with someone who lived

with Diane probably because she lived with Diane or maybe she didn't.

I published Michael in some early work, and Robert wanted to publish

my translations from a langauge I didn't know. I am never sure about 

poets, about these poets. Poets trick me a lot and I always fall for the 

same old things. Susan always walked around in her underwear and it did 

tricks on me. And like everyone else, George had severe doubts, but Tom 

at least published some things as bad poetry. Now I look back and see 

that I should have listened to Peggy, but how was I to know the differ-

ence between heroin and heroine? Ed wrote all too well, and Charles I am 

sure had his doubts, although Karen wrote America's greatest unpublished 

poetry. Ed was never particularly supportive, part of a group I viewed 

with jealousy and dismay. I could never believe in anything after hear-

ing all of them, reading all of them - I could never believe in poetry

ever again, including my own; I can never use `poetry' without shudder-

ing. I get suspicious of poetics which always seems to invoke Charles or 

someone like Charles. If not Charles, William or Robert, all those 

anglo names coming in from small-town crater America. Always I wonder 

what the rest of the planet and the other Roberts are up to, and more 

and more identify with Violette Leduc and her malaise. I have weaned 

myself from aphorism or metaphor, rhetoric or the bon mot that gains

a pause, a witticism in a foreign language. I am a pariah for the poets 

if they even remember me, a nuisance or a pest refusing to settle down, 

half-male, half-thing. I doubt they remember me or would care to if given 

the choice. They were the troubles of my life.





