





GOD



I am a fifteen-year-old girl who is also a fifteen-year-old boy and

I have both a penis and a pocket to put it in. And I have no hair

there yet so I can see myself when I put it in and someday I will 

have a baby because my friends have babies. I will have a baby soon

and I know this because I am always wet because I can do things to

myself.



But I don't sleep very good and I always think about God and I don't

think that God really cares for me because she is a he and he can't

give birth to anything because he doesn't have a pocket. And it 

doesn't make sense that he would make a pocket because if he could

do that he could make himself like me and I don't think he would

like that.



But I don't think God really cares for anyone either because what is

the point of all those prayers just thanking and thanking him for

everyone's misery because they really don't like anything that's

happening to them, that's for sure. So if he did care then he's not

so powerful because he's a he and because he doesn't seem to do 

anything about it. And if he wanted to do something about it and

didn't then he wouldn't be very good, he would be evil. I would hate

to think that God is evil but I just can't thank him for anything.



Besides, if God made everything, then who made God? I think that 

people like the idea of God coming first because God is something

like people, even weak like them, and I think that weakness making

something is better for people than strength making something,

especially if it's strength they don't have. But anyway, there's this

to think about, that God would be made by people, because people 

would want to make something not like them at all, but different, but

not so different as, say a mountain. So I think that God would be

just different enough to say that he is there forever or doesn't have

to obey the rules, and I think he doesn't even know what the rules 

are. 



So if he doesn't know what the rules are, then what is the point, if 

you ask me, for God, because why not just let things alone, and if you

need something to let things alone, then you are living in a dream

because there is nobody to tell you to stop touching yourself. And if

I stopped touching myself down there, I would never have a baby.



(Oh, I forgot to tell you that I love to tell you about myself because

I know you love to think about me touching myself there and it will

make you forget all about God who will never punish me because he will

be busy with your prayers and everything and will never know.)





