







Distinction Entre L'Une Et L'Autre





That nothing would ever be successful. Because this is the best of all 

possible worlds, because what falls falls accordingly, even Hitler, 

who would sink to the lowest denominator; everything moves according 

to the onslaught of the species, even Nietzsche contra Wagner.



The Net is sinking; I can tell you how. In the first place, you must 

break into the server, using qmodemx.25, written several years ago - a 

deliberate atavistic language, on the order of Sumerian, capable of 

bringing together the outgrowths of its later developments. Set the 

subnet mask domain to 234.554.334.122 and you will be pleasantly 

surprised. Set the smd to even 234.555.334.122 and your machine will 

drown; the potential walls are high in the realm of error. An extraor-

dinary step leads to extraordinary crashes.



Such crashes are invisible: difficult, to recognize invisible code in

the midst of innocence, as if presence guaranteed specularity. Invis-

ible code, visible effects - the bone shows through, the wound widens.

We are all wounded on the net; the crash holds a mirror to our frailty

- a necessary consequence of any human communication. Speak too much

and cancer of the throat results; load the circuitry through smd loop

and see your _own_ face in the mirror.



When I type code in order to defeat you, I see myself reflected in the

terminal itself. What do I see? My teeth surrounded by ASCII and its

translations, triple-digit-dot-triple-digit, the format rolling off 

the tongue. This is TCP/IP at its best; a computer goes up in smoke 

somewhere in Asia; suicides are the Japanese order of the day. Or a 

return to a quick unplug before the wires heat up, meltdown overtaking

the disk. Poor innocence of those who watch the aftershocks of our

activity; helpless, they wonder what error they made causing local

failure - not realizing they're seeing the effects of global war 

fought thousands of miles away from their wildest imaginations.



Hitler speaks of "the Order of Young Germany," worrying about the

Romantic aftertaste; later, he reverts to the Party. The Party knows

everything; like Kim Il Sung's _Juche,_ it is organic and self-reflex-

ive, thinking otherwise for itself, thinking the other through itself.

Wagner splinters against Nietzsche, only to be resurrected through

N's sister and the rise of National Socialism. The splintering is pre-

cisely that which ties Wagner to the subnet, _leitmotif_ that burrows 

through domain after domain, protocol after protocol, everything 

thrown against the Wall. The spinthariscope, invented by William 

Crookes, also splinters, the result of radium decay and scintillation,

presage of newer technologies, the totalization of nuclear warfare,

imprecise splitting. _Everything_ on the net splits, splinters; try

ftp shuttling root-metaphors, hi-speed change of directory, produc-

tions of user-lists; enter smd 255.333.333.33*, star wild-card, blank 

#; enter port 2445. All secrets will be revealed. Someone is calling 

to his wife dying of AIDS on ntalk. Someone is revealing an atomic 

secret on *nclr IRC. Someone is replying on the interiority of Deleuze, 

a body as well-organed organized as any other. Suddenly an error 

connects plutonium AIDS, Rwanda Foucault death. Everything silences

as bones shift; crackling is heard on-line. You must be careful or 

your head falls, codes sputter, keyboard constants clutter up your 

tiny little terminal. _The action is that you miss the action._ The 

action is your lack, code-0 random digit Netcrash.



You take your lack with you because it is your lack, known and of the

order of mistaken truth, that draws the smd. It is your ignorance that

silences your speech, cuts through the vocal cords at the very moment

of the Rapture. Your terminal is that useless part of you that remains

speechless while violence burns the fibres of the net, _fast-forward-

overdrive_ catastrophe, everything spilled beyond capacity. You are

_rendered_ useless. You are rendered surplus, that surplus which in

fact contributes to looped echos spreading through World Wide Web,

penetrating gophers, all the gophers in the world, waves of smashed 

codes crashing against telnet host unknown. Try the wild-card: Begin 

**>***.*** at high 14-40 hi-speed; nothing takes very long. What burns, 

frenzies; there is no speech to retain, noise-voices all. You cannot 

speak thought ordered through order; the Party is gone, group posses-

sion in the house of the dead. Everywhere wires smoulder in the 

landscape. Burned connections shunt muted screams into silence, plane-

tary disconnect. You must retreat quickly at this point. CERT, the

Computer Emergency Response Team, takes the railroad locomotive. 

Friends, I say to you, I have brought the Net to the edge of the preci-

pice. Friends, I say to you, read every other word in this message. 

Friends, youyoudecode column-0 null-set ASCII. Friends, this will work 

for you as it works for me.



"Faites ce que vous voudrez, me dit Hitler en me congediant, mais ne 

me parlez plus de devaluation ni d'inflation. La masse de toute facon

ne fait aucune distinction entre l'une et l'autre." 





