







From sondheim@panix3.panix.com Sat Jul 30 06:37:03 1994

Date: Sat, 30 Jul 1994 06:17:00 -0400 (EDT)

From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix3.panix.com>

To: FOP <fiction-of-philosophy@world.std.com>

Subject: Depression



So many messages coming in filled with sadness, despair - so many lives 

on hold - why can't we get together, make love somewhere? - Before the 

grain of the voice inverts, vomits the world against itself - before the 

dark night of the soul is torn into shreds - before laughter circulates 

around imperfect and hollowed teeth opening up into the blind subsoil of 

the flesh itself - When does loneliness cross the line into love, when 

does love become the intertwining of flesh - when does the text turn from 

the black infinity of space and despair into the blue of a spring-time 

sky? I live in isolation, you turn to your lover and smile and say, he's 

out of his mind! I live alone and you turn to your partner and say, he's 

been there too long, talking to himself, no one listens to him! The 

terminal is a pillow of tears, the screen invisible. Dyslexic and 

turbulent letters circulate upon its surface, turn into vortices, 

separate and unite with one another; streams of letters and fragments of 

letters collapse beneath despair of the beautiful infinite intimacy of 

love lost forever. Who would query herself, himself, here in this shallow 

space if the slow turning of another face revealed romantic and 

impossible spaces still undiscovered? What continents lie ahead, on all 

sides of the self! We are all close to suicide, all pleading, but never 

reaching out to one another! We live on the margins of death our neighbor 

seeing no future for ourselves, as if we have tried everything. And we 

are tired of lies, tired of subterfuge. Ah, how many flirtations here in 

this bleak space die of the fear of intimacy in the flesh! How close, how 

close to the edge! How I push myself through my writing, through the hurt 

of it all, into brilliant forms of polished analysis! But yes, something 

else appears, only for a hidden love that will never blossom. I find my 

heart battered, its still tiny hope dying for want of love, dying of 

starvation. Alas

