







WHAT HAPPENS WHEN DREAMS LOOK AT THE WORLD





In the deserts of the Internet I have come across flamewars fought

valiently, wars driving away inhabitants of the lists, continuous

wounds, barren stretches, animals starved to death -



And in the deserts of the Internet I have come across death itself,

the deformation of words, languages, cries and whispers, sudden

silence awakened as ancient texts still struggle to their feet,

lumber across the sands in ridiculous formations -



And I have come across the perfect woman, perfect man, head filled 

with crowns and ablaze with the glory of fiber optics, banquet 

of the language of love, fuck, and desire -

(I am an adolescent! I love the beautiful woman! 

Love the beautiful man!) -



And I have been taught, and have died, never to be born again -



And I have been turned away by you, Maria Magdalen, the struggle 

from the war promising eternal longing, wires frayed by desert 

friction, the struggle from the dark eternal war between speech and

the silence of the flesh -



Authority has silenced me, pushed me to the Pale! I see nothing in

mirrors placed against the forest trees! And I have found authority

and silenced it! 



And I have found addictions drunk with mean and kindred spirits, 

wearing violence in the guise of human skin, spattering angers

and bleak voices across the crippled sand, the hot cartography 

of nomadic language -



For there are voices - the voices of seduction and the voices 

of hatred - and there are the voices crying in the night 

and the voices lost forever, searching for their body in the desert

of the Net - 



Doctor, help me! Doctor, help me! -



And I have come across false seductions, I am willing to be seduced!

And I have read the language of condolence, the prayer of absolution, 

in the holy war against the flesh, fumbled canons of discourse 

archived in dark papyrus, deep and crumbling in dreary desert caves -



I whine through death and violence I do not understand! I cringe 

before the stunted dissolution of text, teeth splintered against the

terminal grave! 



There have been hatreds spanning hatreds, bad doctors driving away the

good, the battle of the shamans and the warriors - the warriors 

fighting forever, the shamans healing the warriors -



The desert heaves, dunes scattering dust gleaming in the desert sun!

The desert floods the jungles themselves, signing on the vegetable

queendom!



The desert talks, refuses the gift of silence! The desert crawls into

the dreams of gods and goddesses, crawls through them, splits their

bodies into mineral faults and veins! The desert explodes the bomb of

sands, silicon slabs shuddering the chatter of electron deceit and

retributions!



The desert crying that it is all deceit! 

The desert crying that there is no sky visible at dawn or dusk of day! 

The desert crying, Carry the Net in your head! 

The desert crying, Your body is imaginary! 

And the desert crying, You are ghosts!

And the desert crying, Ghosts, ghosts!

And the desert crying, All of you are ghosts!

(Crying, the desert to itself. Crying, the flat plate of the sky.)

