ABYSS AND LIMITATION OF NARRATIVE





"Why is my knowledge limited? Why my stature? Why my life to one

hundred years rather than to a thousand? What reason has nature

had for giving me such, and for choosing this number rather than

another in the infinity of those from which there is no more 

reason to choose one than another, trying nothing else?"



[Pascal, 208, 89 in Chevalier]



"Furthermore the Other does not constitute me as an object for 

myself but _for him._ In other words he does not serve as a 

regulative or constitutive concept for the pieces of knowledge

which I may have of myself. Therefore the Other's presence does 

not cause me-as-object to "appear." I apprehend nothing but an

escape from myself toward ----."



[Sartre, Being and Nothingness, 275]



Pascal, tied down in his chair, fears the abyss opening beside 

him. The limitation slips into the infinite, detaching the anchor;

the ship, now wayward, heads chaotically towards the earth's rim.

Sartre's wager with Pierre is always on the side-of-the other;

the tendency towards abyss is also towards annihilation. The other

is neither present nor absent, an apprehension of elsewhere, a

"nothing-but." 



Sartre narrativizes Being and Nothingness; everywhere are Pierres,

pipes, cafes. More than example, they return the subject into the

nausea or slime of the world; annihilation is abject, from within.

What is worse than abyss is abyss filled, swollen, stuffed; Sartre

writes into and against the perfect criminality of stuff.



The fiction of philosophy is the hysteria producing decay, stuff,

the abyss or abject; in Plato, the occasion of a retreat:



"Are you also puzzled, Socrates, about cases that might be thought

absurd, such as hair or mud or dirt or any other trivial and un-

dignified objects? Are you doubtful whether or not to assert that

each of these has a separate form distinct from things like those

we handle?

  

"Not at all, said Socrates. In these cases, the things are just the

things we see; it would surely be too absurd to suppose that they 

have a form. All the same, I have sometimes been troubled by a doubt

whether what is true in one case may not be true in all. Then, when

I have reached that point, I am driven to retreat, for fear of 

tumbling into a bottomless pit of nonsense."



[Parmenides, 130/c-d]



The open hole is the gaping wound, refusing the suture of the sub-

ject. It is Vahinger's philosophy-as-if, Bentham's Fictions. It 

remains beneath the circuitous release of language, the emission of

_parole,_ always already about to speak with severed lips. It is 

totality. It is the blood in Theweleit's deconstruction of the male.



It is the hurt which seals itself in narrative or through narrative,

beginning with legend, fairy-tales speckled with drops of blood, 

the periodicity of bleeding women. It is the lip of the Kristevan

_chora,_ and you will find it in the midst of the text, fear and 

trembling _unto_ death. For it approaches but never attains the lip,

this male writing of philosophy's broken heart.



, the fiction of philosophy.



