|



Sleep is impossible. When I sleep the world rushes in, fast-forward,

SCROLLS existence itself, eternal complicit REWRITE. I am left choice-

less, and exhausted, plagued by a myriad beings while the real shudders

permanently to a halt. It is then that the obdurate appears through its

disappearance, that which chatters beneath the televisual flood of text

making its way daily through the hysterical web-inversion of subjec-

tivity I once called my own. This is the commonality denied all of us, 

just as bondage and the naked betray the dreamworks of `normal' 

sexuality.



And what world comes in quickly, arrives, shrugs and returns to an

incoherent death? It is the imaginary grey lying beneath the range of

the symbolic, the literal and littoral grey replacing textuality as 

soon as ASCII abandons screen - this Net is a site as much as the

terminal itself is a site - of abandonments, orphanages of everything

but the spirit. Net-surfing is the psychosis of the indexical, chains

DISCONNECT lending themselves to chains DISCONNECT. What presents 

itself does so only by virtue of TRACEROUTE. Still, it is these chains

DISCONNECT which are the definition of the world, and the world is 

nothing but a pale reflection or simulacrum of the symbolic. What is

not text or what is not my being is not present, just as a landscape is

the site of a great refusal in the absence of an origin. The _darkness_

of the screen is at one with the light of the world outside. The rest

is the piercing of death, the flesh which spreads itself through web

inversion, the voice which refuses to be silenced and instead becomes

one with the murmur of the world.



I could never fall asleep; the demons would come. I could never fall 

asleep, but only through exhaustion would my loneliness give way to a

maternal and wordless function. This is not real, I would know. And

there is nothing that is more real than this or than the other, I would

also know. And I would not be able to tell one from the other, because

they are a function of language and processing. Sometimes I would open

my eyes and sense the _labor_ of sight, the exhaustion that comes with

the imminence of the glance. For theory has always had this wrong - it

is not the gaze which is of the gendered political economy of sight, 

but the glance, the continuous establishment of the mise-en-scene, the

sublimating cauterization of the dreamwork, the establishment of the

other in his or her communality. The glance is determining; the gaze,

always subject to the Boolean, is determinative. The glance accompanies

the presentification of the self, the wakening of the world after a

sleepless night. It is the glance which worryingly constructs the inert

existence of the world, but never the world itself.



Is it courage to stay in that place of forgetting, or courage to murmur

the name which slides against its presence?



Sleeplessness is connected with _labor_ as well, the labor circumscrib-

ing, circumlocuting death. For me, sleep must be a foreclosure upon the

body and the day, upon the body of the day, and this requires the 

legitimation of the body through a process of ascertaining a resonance

between the flesh and the real. Such is the nature of the text, or any

other project rallying towards completion. So that the beginning and 

the end come to a stop and continue spanning the horizon of the subject.



So there is the rush toward death, the glance at the body and its 

obdurate, the struggle for littoral substance. And there is the gendered

political economy of site, the political economy of labor, the labor,

which, in each and every case, is the _labor of existence._ The labor of

existence is the _labor for existence_ which is never already a given 

but a construct of a chattered and shuddering self. And in any event,

this _labor_ is nothing more than a _local event,_ an _occasion of exis-

tence,_ in the midst of the idiocy of the real.





/Levinas/Rosset/Lacan/Tired.Txt/





