







WRITING THROUGH YOU, THE YEAR 3000





In the year 3000, the cauterization of my hole, dust, murmuring,

tracing the ellipse.



"The body is a skein of the imaginary."



These texts, a continuous meditation on virtual subjectivity, appear

as a reflection of the movement of fingers, performative in a double

sense of constructing the occurrence which exists nowhere and every-

where at all, constructing it at an _exhausted_ node or slow production

of death. For this is certainly a retrograde dissemination, producing 

an origin _in absentia,_ fertile ground of a psychoanalytics which 

knows no interiority, no exteriority. The _aviary-net_ is characterized 

by a dance of recognitions, orientations pursuant to the journey-moment 

or imminence: _I am here,_ trailing its history behind it. History need 

not produce history; in spite of textual thread, everything disassoci- 

ates. Traces remain of what? Usage sputters across incoherent domains. 

There are the _fragments._



There are fragments of emptied addresses, fragments of garbled texts

and crashed texts, fragments of foreign characters. Here is the

difference and the same: The Aristotelian logic of the lifeworld is

based upon an apparent obdurate nature of the real; laws of distribu-

tion and representation hold. An entity may be described by the state-

space of its transformations. Within the virtual, the state-space is 

subject to _invasion_; in any case, it no longer obeys the Aristotel-

ian except within the local neighborhood at best. 



What is the nature of the invasion, but concatenations that may remain

traceless, rootless; disassociations jump media (I telephone you, ntalk 

you, email you, write you, construct you from within the domain of the 

symbolic, dream the rapture of the symbolic, dream its dissolution). 

The body is a skein of the imaginary.



I am penetrated by the imaginary, which fucks me. Swollen, giving birth 

to web inversion, I float concatenation. _The chain is there by virtue 

of the chain._ Interminable difference is interminable analysis or 

therapeutic, mumbling the virtual subject.



_The body is always a skein of the imaginary._ Pain spreads like a 

bifurcation set. Masturbation tells the story of the reconstruction of

the body which is overdrive narration: the story-body spits meaning into 

air, fearful desire into the fear of the world. The imaginary claims me; 

its fundamental is _frisson_ or trembling, thrill, relative violence of 

inversion-pain. The symbolic is the rim of the hole, a geodesic of 

circulation, circumscription. 



"I call myself a hole because I am open to you. I call myself a hole

because my lips are round. My lips are round and they open into me, into 

the space that I am. I am the space that divides me, which is the hole. 

I am filled and emptied with all the things of the world. I open my eyes 

and see all the things of the world, which are me and of me and in me. 

What is of me is in me; what I am is what I am in."



"In mathematics it could be said: the hole is the continuum, raised to

any hypothesis. Flushed with crowding, success, in the midst of the

drowning of words, an ellipsis only guarantees the hiatus or gap as a

dampening of expectations, momentary lapse of consciousness. The hole 

is the emptiness of the guarantee, an emptiness of time to which the

guarantee looks forward. For my hole has no time, no space, a hole _en

passant_ which is the receptacle of forlorn matter."



[I should mention at this juncture that I like _Hole_ with Courtney

Love, no matter what, but this is different, elsewhere than music's

presence. I am related to the disappearing Houdini, a Hungarian Weiss.]



"My mouth chokes on yellow cloth, what I say is what remains, simpli-

fied, I think to myself, I can't give you my _searing writing,_ I can't

make myself heard, I've pierced my eardrums, poured you into them, even

your interest is disappeared, o me o my, o what can I do, offer you my

little hole, I've always offered, you've got nothing new, a sad little

hole, memories spill out."



"I love you Amy Fischer."



No matter there is no matter; in doing this, there is the presence of

it. I write for the year 3000 when all confusion of past eras softens,

oh yes, when my name will be a household word. Then will meanings lose

their words, forlorn matters, words which never were. Then would the

grace of languaging dust itself off, shudder, thinned out beyond an 

inconceivable future, no longer world nor entity.



Matter is a pathway to emptiness, a momentary inert or system of 

relations, as if it would have always been this way. Matter drains time

through the presence of time; it is matter that times matter. Somewhere

you will remember this. Somewhere you will understand that matter is

relation and you will understand as well the frisson of the iconic.

When somewhen will never be.



Somewhere you will remember this and you will be young again and there

will be no death in the sadness of the year 3000. Somewhere the year

resonates with the sounds of a dim past grappling towards uncertain

future of its own construction, though long ago was time and time is 

nevermore. Somewhere you will smile and the chains will seem one, the

reading and writing of them now only a whispering and a murmuring,

presence, and there is atmosphere. There is atmosphere and murmurs, and

there is atmosphere. There are no futures. My darling, there are no

futures and I will love you, will love you forever. My darling, I have

died within you and I will never have lived, but will murmur, and o,

there is so much to murmur, sounding one to another, sounding



sounding and winding, the dust kicks up and leaves or something, all 

that whirling





