end aln.txt---







DESERTED MACHINE





Beneath the sign of capital we are all slaves, rubbed raw by ideo-

logical forces beyond us, struggling against the poor compensation

for labor; we turn this way and that, illiterate, harboring a foul

resentment against our oppressors. We would rise up, but our very

words are owned by them; there is no excuse.



Bodies compress beyond cyberspace, rub raw against one another; 

skin binds to skin; the welding of brains is heard everywhere, only

silenced by the machinery of sublimation.



Bread and wine flow from the alter of the sacrifice of Isaac; 

forgetting this, and the fact that the sacrifice was _successful,_

has led to the death of millions. The death of millions has itself

effected the death of the absolute; beneath the sign, the sign is

effaced.



The sign meets itself on the path and the fight is always already

between two brothers; ontology is shaken at the roots. 



There is never successful recognition in these encounters; all 

recognition is misrecognition, an excessful addition placing the

other within its proper calling.



When the body encounters the sign on the road, there must be space

for the body and the sign. Otherwise, an immediate surgical 

operation in which neither survive. When Saul knelt down a hole 

opened up and buried Paul.



The truth of the matter: the nomad knows where she is going. The 

ground of wandering is not illegible, nor smooth; it is a terrain

neither vacant nor absolute, neither empty nor full. This is my

home the little girl said pointing to the space empty for a woman

I know. 



The desert deserts philosophy which revels in disinvestment. Nothing

empties except philosophy's hole, the surgery of the subject. Body

and sign are buried there. But the desert is comfortable with the

nomad, with euphorbia, Pima, with ocatillo. 



Where did the little girl point? Did she circle around herself, 

circumscribe the occident, the solar oval? She turned around, walked, 

disappeared in the landscape. The vector exists without the proper 

name philosophy is entitled to. (This is a different proper name,

the little girl said.)



She did not disappear. She encountered the sign of the woman, a 

chain or placing of signs. This was something of the tourist. The

tourist returns to the hotel, which is always white, and begins to

write. The tourist writes and writes and she has written her place,

her name. She writes the sign of the little girl.



She, the woman and the little girl, is an investment of philosophy.

The man thinks, she is the hole of philosophy. He has invested time 

against her space. She will construct her sex, she thinks. He is in

time. The apostle approaches Jesus asking, why do you kiss Mary

Magdalen on the mouth. He replies, ask why I do not do the same with

you. Someone in the hotel is writing.



She writes on paper. The paper smolders, it is time for the fire. 

Through the memory of place, he will lecture, no matter, on the 

beginning of the Gospel and its investment in death. This is the 

_Kehre_ of the Gospel, its turning-otherwise than being, the talk 

about the cyborg. 



The talk about the cyborg, desert, woman or man; the talk about the

hole: the two of them at the hotel. This is the season of the migra-

tions; herds cross the desert, flocks of birds fly high above it, 

worms and mandrake tunnel beneath. Everything is in the absolute

stillness of motion. Everything is about to name, each other.





