







NAKED 





_I write this naked, aroused; I can hardly see the screen, hear my

voice against your own, murmuring, whispering..._



Identities become unravelled; it is impossible to harbor more than 

a singular physical body capable of speaking numerous tones; the

cat plays with the ball; this should be an understanding.



_Called a victim of religious mania by some, psychotic by others,

my glance is always `telling'; unperturbed, my eyes travel obliquely

across the electronic planet in search of ecstasy..._



There are identities which are projections into and through the

shifter, and I say: If you want the truth to unravel, look no 

farther than the shifter: _I_. Weyl: if you want to discover the 

difficult realms of the structure, look for the automorphisms:

What greater than the domain of the _I_, visible everywhere? The eye

which resonates? The eye which fills the dimensional destiny of the

world with one, two, many stereoscopies?



_I am St. Theresa and my tears are sperm watering the earth overlaid

with the silence of thorns and languages, I long for you my lord, my

breasts, my blood, are yours alone..._



Identity functions in this domain as a dependent variable; what are 

the independents? It is always already a question of context which 

remains indeterminate, unravelled; the cat plays with the yarn. In 

order to begin with a skein, look for the inputs and outputs, but 

make no assumptions concerning internal structure. There are a 

finite number of loops. There are an infinite number of contexts.

Nothing is ever automorphic.



_Hurrying, I read "I am spread open for you... My present is your

future..." Quickly, I write "I spread myself open for you... My

future is your present..."_



No one would doubt the physical body which speaks _I_, yearning for

the openness of the rose red with perfect drops of blood. The commu-

nal and the eye reference open interiority, projectivity, and the 

maintenance of coherency: a _dissipative structure_ or inscription. 

(The body references nothing; community references attribute.) 

Nakedness is the _fissuring_ of the body; inscription is already 

cloth, foreclosing the site of its origin.



_God has told me to write this with her marvelous golden tresses,

God has taken hold of my fingers my hands, my arms my legs..._



Even only to recognize that cyberspace is an _attribute_ but not a

necessary one; as Michaux demonstrates time and again, these changes

occur everywhere, a certain predilection, underlying the real, which

is a space of resonance. Look to Tran Duc Thao! A materialist 

analysis of savannah-gesture, cat stalking smaller rodents, human

hunting mastodon or some such. What characterizes pointing, if not

the devouring of the landscape, spitting it out as indexical? Already

the hunter inhabits the reading of signs and desire. And as for

nakedness...



_God has made me One made me Many..._



The nakedness of or within the Net is a sham. Suppose I masturbate,

reading your posts, or my own returned to me in a simulacrum of

emission? Suppose arousal a prerequisite for writing itself, return

of desire repressed, I imagine you? Already discomfort sets in, for

we are _never_ naked here; thinking otherwise raises issues of shame, 

trust, and abjection - raises the skein, my flesh against your own. 

To _speak_ desire is to sublimate it; the landscape of the Net, 

whether hunter or hunted, communal or anomic, is perfect love, 

perfect hate, (and) fictions of remarkable fragility.



_God has written this..._





