





THE DISAPPEARING SECTOR





The great iron doors swung open. Travis walked out to the spaceship.

The great iron doors swung open. Travis walked into the spaceship. The

great iron doors swung open. Travis walked through the spaceship. The

great iron doors swung open. Travis walked out of the spaceship. The

great iron doors swung open. Travis walked out from the spaceship.



The hanger was large and cavernous and damp. The ground was hard and

dry. Double suns hung in the sky, double shadows sloughed across the

ground. The day was filled with tension.



It was not unlike the day to have an entire sector disappear. There

were beings, Travis thought, mysterious. What had happened to them.

Where was the sector. A thin burnished arc connected the double suns.

Something evil and monstrous occurred on the other side, Travis thought.

He would never be the same again.



He turned around, and heard footsteps. Lilith was soon upon him. She 

had second sight, and told him about the sector. Something was the 

matter with the universe, she said. She said she had never spoken that

way before. From now on, she said, everything will be divided by the

gates of space and time. The universe is a fragile place, he replied.



Lilith was no longer there. Travis had always been alone. The great 

iron doors swung open and he entered the spaceship and took off for 

outer space. He headed towards the absent sector. Nothing was there,

he thought, upon approaching. His ship left huge arcs in the sky,

visible across half the universe. Travis always travelled fast and 

always travelled alone. He didn't have any close friends and was 

awkward in company. His eyes were deep-set and had seen many things no

one else had ever seen. People silently made way for him; he was Travis.



There was a new star in a corner of the sky. Travis headed there 

because he had never seen the star before and he thought it might have

something to do with the absent sector. He found that the star was an

tremendous white dwarf with enormous gravity, filled with black holes 

like sunspots, and all the space behind it was sucked in. He went

around the star and saw a gigantic arc in the sky which led from the

sector that was not really absent but just invisible from the planet

Travis had been on. From where his planet was, the arc was on the other

side, and it didn't mean that anyone had disappeared from the sector 

but just that they would have had to go out of the sector to have been

visible from his planet, and they would have had to leave plasma jets

by themselves (without their planets or stars) as a sign they were 

there.



Travis stared out of his spaceship window; he was sullen. This means

that there was a new force in the universe, one never before discovered,

that could make a sector disappear and create wormholes so large in one

but not in another direction, that things would be normal on both sides

of the sector, but not in front from where his planet was. This unpre-

cedented force he named "force five" in addition to the other forces.

He would return a hero because he was coming back from where no one had

gone before, and he did it alone. Sometimes he missed Lilith, and he

thought she was the only one who understood him. She knew why he had to

go out and search the universe whenever anything happened. She always 

knew he was a loner and she was the most loyal friend he ever had. He

thought he might love her. He turned the spaceship around and went back

to his planet, which he thought was the loveliest planet in the uni-

verse. He would tell everyone about force five and what had happened to

the sector, which was that everything was all right there and you would

only have to travel to one side to see it, just the same as ever.





