







ONE OF THE EARLIER WARS





I suppose you think I'm just talking through my hat.

I suppose you think you can pull the wool over my eyes.

I suppose you think you can take me for a stranger.

I suppose you think I'm easy pickings.

Well, I can flip scarves from my shoulder like the best of them.

I can be as brazen as the next hussy.

I can carry my weight and yours as well you know.

Supposedly there are better things in life than you know who.

Supposedly you can't teach a young girl old tricks.

Supposedly youth wastes what age can't use.

I think there must be something to this now and then.

I'd take a gander at it if I were you and hale and hearty.

The bird in the hand's worth nothing compared to the bird in the bush.

What I have you couldn't buy for a million dollars in counterfeit love.

They say the ones from Brooklyn don't know their place behind a plow.

They say there's nothing you can do when the sun goes down like hay.

They say nothing's worse than a ring around the sun.

It's time you made way for new ideas in broken moulds.

It's time that has no present and no past.

It's time you give what you take and you take no prisoners.

It's time war bent the ploughshares out of the guns of peace.

Give me a dollar and I'll make you a dime.

Give me an earth to stand on and I can reach the primum mobile.

Give me something to believe in and I'll make you an atheist.

Well, I can turn my eyes down to the ground and give a pretty smile.

Well, I can raise men from the dead by a turn of the hips.

For lack of better fodder, wars were fought over my leg over another.

For lack of the breast, the baby went hungry.

You must think I'm just a babe in the woods.

I can rule the roost like the best of the roosters with the eyes of a 

fox. I can make a pretty penny with the scarves on the shoulders.

I can make a man forget his name and call himself by mine.

I can love to pieces what I never brought asunder.

Love is the way of the fox and the hen and the wolf and the rooster.

Beneath the bridges soldiers fall apart.

The war will end when the men leave home.







