





_Who / Why / Where / When / What / How:_





Who: Who is on the Net? To whom am I speaking? Ontological problems

intervene immediately after demographics, and demographics themselves

aren't reliable. 



Why: Purpose is often at variance from stated purpose; performatives

are often skewed, producing intended results elsewhere or beyond their

ostensible content.



Where: Where is often untraceable, single or double blind, with or with-

out the appearance of tracking.



When: Arrrivals and departures are announced, re-announced, and over-

determined.



What: The ostensible content is the surface communication of the post.

This may be interrupted by jargon, visible or invisible code.



How: The transmission-mechanisms and their layering remain invisible

as well.



The news story is produced out of an Enlightenment classicist environ-

ment in which it is assumed that space-time is locally fixed and stable.

The Net post, communication, or artwork, appears out of an information-

flux which is ominous to some extent: On one hand, it utilizes an over-

abundance of headers, and on the other, it is deeply sourceless. The

header is the hysteria of space-time, its fetishization, but the speci-

ficities of the route lose themselves in planetary echos, bounces, and

various forms of interference. It is not that the environment is no

longer classicist; it is instead an _absence of environment_ coupled 

with a problematic ontological/epistemological regime. 'Environment'

almost always implies analog extension, a smooth manifold capable of

manipulation (as in Piagetian experiments with children). But the Net

or NII environment is at best that of the local node, the projections

and introjections associated with the terminal screen itself.



The screen is the _tracing_ of the absent environment, not its manifes-

tation. And as such it is the _nostalgia_ for the absence as well; it

is always already a memory of the excessivity or surplus of the real.

Barren, it can never answer the Question who, what, why, etc., although 

the Net can _construct_ or _locate_ a nearly-infinite number of answers 

(infinite for all 'practical purposes'). Full, it is representative of 

the psyche itself, dream-states reordered as insubstantial, the imposi-

tions of spaces and times which automatically perform themselves. (For 

there may well be no backdrop to the dream, no dream-screen or maternal 

breast - there may only be _laminar inscriptions_ channel-surfing 

through reconstructive memory. This is _near_ but not equivalent to the 

Net, in which such channel-surfing is ruptured and fragmentary.)



One must _devour_ or _swallow_ the Net to realize it, present its com-

munication on the level of the _throat_ which is vulnerable and suscep-

tible to disease of all sort. The real of the Net may well lie in

disease, physical and mental, disease extending itself in and out of the

communicative environment - _dis-ease_ which discomforts the body and 

flattens the screen. From the _terminus, appearance itself is dis-ease,_

the interpenetration of the real of the other, which is the exhaustion

of the real, all the real there is. For the Net is never other, always

_something else_ beyond or elsewhere than language, in spite of its

harboring of language. 



The W-questions wobble on the Net, are played-with, a form of inundation.

They carry the cartesian body into cyberspace where both collapse; still,

in the midst of chaos, they remain the final signifiers of inhabitation,

of dwelling, hearth, and home...

WETWARE





From _Computers: Their Operation and Applications_ by Berkeley and 

Wainwright, 1956:



"The total rapid memory of Univac I consists of seven tanks of mercury 

and is known as a mercury delay line memory. [...] Each tank contains

18 paths or channels, along which a pattern of pulses can be remembered,

or stored, as a circulating train of waves. The 126 channels are allo-

cated as follows: 100 for main memory; 7 for temperature control (1 in

each tank); 6 for input from Uniservos (known as the I register or I

tank); 6 for output to Uniservos (known as the O register or O tank);

6 as spare channels; 1 for the so-called 'ten-word transfer' or 'Y

register' operations.



"Each of these channels is capable of storing ten words, each equal to

12 characters, or 720 binary digits (together with 120 check bits in

addition). Consequently, this portion of the rapid memory of the com-

puter consists of 1000 'registers' of mercury tank memory, totalling

720,000 binary digits (plus checking bits).



"The access time to any register ranges from 40 to 404 microseconds,

depending on the number of words, from 0 to 9, which must circulate 

before the desired word arrives in the train of waves. The average

access time is, accordingly, 222 microseconds."





Consider the promulgation of interconnected neural networks throughout

the sphere of mentation, each associated with the columnar structure

of cortical tissue in order to construct muscular-mind capable of

reminiscent wave-forms; is this not, in fact, the illusory "meat" of

the electronic machine, associated with Spencer Brown's "oscillator

function" - an operator lending itself to the imaginary, as described

in his _Laws of Form_? A further instance would be the concept of

_identity as resonance,_ as presented first in my _Structure of Reality_

from 1977, as a fundamental condition of networking/memory in general.

Such resonance, indicated by degree, is further smoothed by the condi-

tion of fuzzy networking and the operation of integration. On one hand,

therefore, the spikes of a binary domain, and on the other, recoverable

wavefronts, often overlooked in an attempt at the representation of

everything within a chaotic or fractal domain (not to mention unsolva-

bility theory itself). 



In the early days of the computer, wetware was at the heart of hardware;

wetware returns as organism problematizes computation: 



"But why look for an artificial version of microtubules, or any other

biological component, if the original or something like it can be made

available through biotechnology, or perhaps through directed evolution? 

One of the main points of the nature-based AI movement is to eliminate

the traditional emphasis on building from scratch, and instead to take

advantage of whatever shortcuts nature offers.



"As the nature-based AI movement continues to thrive, and the conven-

tional AI effort continues to falter, it seems increasingly likely that

the first conscious device will not only provide the functionality of a

brain, it will in many ways be _like_ a brain. Nature has provided a 

blue-print for intelligence, and AI is finally prepared to follow it."



(From Freedman, _Brainmakers,_ 1994.)





I therefore propose that _identity_ arguments occur within the domain

of _resonance,_ and that communication models work through issues of

inscription, fissure, and (de)territorializations. An _inscription_

exists within a classical or Boolean domain, a _fissure_ represses that

domain (either in favor of equivalence or gestural logics), and _terri-

torializations_ are regions dominated by power, maintenance, and taxon-

omies. I further refer the whole back to the construct of threshold-

logic machinery and its breakdowns, the flux of such machinery redirec-

ted to nanotechnological impulses, and the efflux of the same existing

within or without a chaotic domain of wavefronts and their irresolutions.



In the process of the MPTE (micro-process-thought-experiment).





