





Date: Wed, 3 Aug 1994 04:40:06 -0400 (EDT)

From: Erendira@Echo.Com

To: sondheim@panix.com

Subject: VIOLATION FABRIC: THE DISTURBANCE





Who is the girl spoken of below? I gather that a film is being discussed 

- is this a scene within/without it? What is the nature of the scene that 

separates one from the ob-scenity of everyday life? The film behaves, no, 

as the imaginary of the Net itself? We project ourselves there? Does an 

admission of arousal accomplish a suturing of the social contract?



"                                        First, I must admit (and I hope 

that at least some of you do as well) to being aroused by those naked 

breasts, which led me _immediately_ to recategorize the film, partly as a 

method of self-defense - i.e. the `triteness' of the image."



If fissuring denotes the frisson of the (supine?) body, inscription lends 

itself to legitimation-processes. Kitch is the sublimation of desire.



"Second, the 

bizarre passivity of the grandaughter _does_ play into male fantasies of 

the willing female - not victim, please - but subject - the male viewer 

(and perhaps the female as well) is placed in the position of an inverted 

and complex masochism/sadism (I am that young girl - do what you will 

with me; I will do my will with/upon that young girl)."



Is this not the crux of the matter, the crux of human culture, gendered 

from the gaunt eye of the male? The feminine becomes its cartography - 

fissure and inscription again play themselves out, this time upon the 

landscape of enslavement.



"The girl's `yes' is addressed to us who violate her 

with our vision of her nakedness; the male suitor (who the girl abandons) 

has to be cast aside in order that I can take his place. The girl leaves 

into the imaginary; there are no sites, directions, upon the desert."



To see is to violate, the hormonal escarpment or violation-text written 

against the flesh. In the midst of fuck, I write hurriedly, the pen 

trembling, ink losing itself upon the liquidity/liquidation of the body. 

I am thrown off the girl; there has never been an invitation in the 

entire history of the human. I am ready for the gallows, ready to be 

devoured just as I have devoured.



"...last gasp of the rejected phallus. What _we,_ as spectators are left 

with, is the girl. The troubling question is what do we do with her? And 

the more troubling question, in fact, is _what have we done with her_?"



The project of the male becomes the transformation of flesh; what appears 

as goal/intention suddenly becomes a matter of suturing. _Is a goal 

always evidence?_ Does the white car always plunge over the embankment, 

taking everything with it? Violence occasions writing, occasions the 

cutting of the film. But I am convinced that someone, here, is not writing 

about a film, but writing about, precisely, this _evidence._ I find this 

disturbing to a degree. I call this dissection of a theory and I wish to 

ungender it. I admit my disturbance. I have done nothing to it.





