







Dear Clara,



The truth of the matter is, you know more than I do. I am capable of

one thing only, the distortion of the truth - the presence of fiction

in the realm of fact and speculation. I turn the text against itself;

this is an obvious form of protection, beginning to fail. I must tell

you about my failure.



My failure is the sorry state of my body attempting to write to you.

What I post remains of no consequence; victimized by uneasy attacks,

it returns, distorted, to abandonment - returns only to increased and

permanent stress. Whatever emission of aggression out of the dim

resources of the computer, there is a corresponding violent intro-

mission of the same, perplexed, sourceless. The writing which is the

source dies, leaving at best the absence of a trace.



This is the speaking that proclaims an inscription _logically_ against

the wooliness of death. But it devolves into story, and I would tell

you one, the secrecy of a cult unsubscribed by the death of another

hacking its way through protocols of borrowed addresses. 



What I can turn around or through - the interstices of my writing

hurrying to its own momentum of truth. I am not an expert in anyone or

anything; I cannot quote line by line, place one against another in

comparison or file, the truth sorted out, just as the truth of events

is defined by the intersection of unions of subsets of protocol state-

ments. Such statements are considered to preserve a kernel _revealed_ 

by intersection which sifts through the families of relationships, 

insisting on the presence of a core-theoretical phenomenon.



The worst that can happen in such a case is the concatenation of sub-

kernels which reveal an essential but obdurate transitivity, broken by

each and every link. This is the extended family resisting circum-

scription; as such it sutures back into the narratological formulation

in order to preserve the constructed sanctity of the self. The extended

family in other words returns through the _improper_ name, bracketing the

most wayward of cousins, and all of this occurs on the plane of language

which is to _say_ the plane of the real, nothing more and nothing less.

The event inhabits the double-plane and the event is what I am talking

about in this event-creation which is the shunting into theory and back,



Clara Hielo, into my loss, unable to speak when I am in your presence,

my throat aching for the confusion of words and silences! You must find

me so unintelligent! By the way, I have returned your parasol; you left

it in my vestibule after that last, autumnal, rain...



With heartfelt joy in your presence, your servant,



Alan Sondheim





