





THE EXETER BOOK





The enormous manifold of the Net is composed of strident beams, states

of near-buckling, splintered crash-sites, rusted edges jutting into

cold air. The truss-rods within the triangular matrix curve uncertainly

near their gravitational centers; ice hangs from the molecular stress

regions, filled with striations. For miles, the thick convex covering

endures and continues; for miles, the surface is uneven, the residue

of untoward violence. This is the DEMARCATION PERMAFROST, one layering

after another; somewhere deep within the pitch-black splendor viral 

organisms work mechanisms of interrogation; every collapsed meandering

of a switch triggers the dull resonance of cyberspace, triggers an

ellipsoidal hull about to begin its great journey through the manifold.

Hulls clash, careen off one another, arrive emptied and pitiless; hulls

find their fodder in the darkness, broken and disrupted. Near journey's

end, always the dwelling of re-assemblage, the patient holding-pen

becomes a reoccurrence, triggering yet another viral reception and

translation. Second sound emerges, dulled, diffused, throughout the

manifold, second sound with its shudderings and dull boomings. Sound is

here is the only illumination, sound penetrates the beam-work, another

abrasion lending itself to the creation of molecular metallic fingers

abandoned to electrostatics and microluminescent glows within radio-

frequency range. Creviced ice gathers within creviced ice; this is the

matrix of the frost, the ill-conceived address and spearheads of viking

transport, oars abandoned to the web itself, sea-froth accumulating 

near the wood-thonged rudder. Just as the weakened finger promulgates

the beginning and end of interrogation, so do these useless journeys

work a world away from world; nothing endures but the night. Mile-long

sheets of ice torment one another, shoulder against themselves, against

meaning's absence at land's distance; mile-long sheets of ice sound and

resound through beam-work, hull-work - through manifold straits, ice-axe

and edge-ice alike, thralldom and fain would fallen skalds. 



THAEt gelimpen sceal    THAEtte lagu FLoweTH 

FLod ofer foldan    feores biTH AEt ende

anra gehwylcum    oft mAEg se THe wile

in his sylfes sefan   soTH geTHencan



[It shall happen that a flood of water will flow over the earth; the 

life of everyone will come to an end. He who will can often reflect

upon this truth in his own heart.]



styran sceal mon strongum mode 

                                                                      |

[One shall restrain a violent mind.]                                  |

                                                                      |

