





HI-ASCII-L Email List!





Every grid presents the substrate of information, every grid is an

articulation of incipient community. 



Low-ASCII is the construct of such a community within the symbolic.

Low-ASCII remains within the domain of the oppressed.



The symbolic leaks; excessive, we speak against it - flamewars, pro-

nouncements of love and committment, denunciations, unsubscriptions,

delete and kill commands. Tense, we search through the barricaded windows 

of ordinary reality.



All that is about to change.



HI-ASCII-L will take advantage of eight-bit communication, transforming 

the entire Internet into a picture gallery operating through email, a 

gallery which will reproduce the real through a representation accurate 

to any desired degree of tolerance.



How is that possible?



Through trans-screen determinations, that is possible. Already in ASCII

art, vertical multi-screens reproduce crude and ready rasters of huggy-

bears, flowers, and locomotives. But HI-ASCII-L will reference _hori-

zontal trans-screen_ as well. Thus, columnar eighty reproduces as colum-

nar 80n, where n > 1 almost certainly. The grid becomes 80, 160, 240, 

... Since commercial monochrome television NTSC will support almost-400

lines of horizontal resolution, an n=5 screen grid will recreate a 

television image; vertically, one needs a minimum of twenty screens to 

represent the 525 standard lines (480 visible) to complete the raster.



Consider even greater accuracy, approximately 2000 lines horizontal and

vertical; this will satisfy the most discriminating spectator. Again, we

need n=25, and vertically, 84 screens, for a total of 2100 screens.



But we begin within a more primitive environment, one _hinting_ in fact

at those constructions of so-called 'primitive' art which operate solely

within the surplus of the symbolic, as in ï or "human on two legs or

bending over in a position of utmost respect to our great leader CLARA

HIELO INTERNET." Surely ï works in those realms of abject desire where 

^ or /\ only hint at possibilities.



And because these possibilities within HI-ASCII-L are co-extensive with

the (monochrome) real, the use of symbol/symbolic becomes imbued with the

IMMINENCE of EXCESS, the leakage which can only be related to the 

effluvia of the Body itself, lubrications of arousal and orgasm, flux

of excretions, secondary effluvia of sweats, salivas, and tears...



Thus HI-ASCII-L will cast out OLD HABITS for NEW: 



As in THE OLD: febrile vocal communications, delivered in one or another 

MONOTONE - and 



As in THE NEW: the realm of the IMAGE or replacement/subtitution for the 

real. 



Such is the groundwork of VIRTUAL REALITY itself, 2100 screens, 30 fps, 

or 63,000 screens per second. Just as in video compression, surely JPEG 

and MPEG will be available to reduce this enormous number to a healthy 

+/- 1200 screens per second. (The presence of stereoscopy will of course

double this number.) In the meantime there remains the practicality of

HI-ASCII-L in its current state, that of "primitive" communication with 

its _site-specific_ compressions (i.e. ï for human) of enormous excess,

latitude, and degree. HI-ASCII-L thus portends the POETICS/AUTOPOEISIS

of the real, which is all the real there is (beyond Rosset's obdurate or

idiotic, always already inaccessible).



THE FUTURE: The future is perhaps in the RETURN to the word, the periph-

eral whisper or murmur heard on the margins of the ENORMOUS RASTER. This

signifies an unprecedented _encounter_ between one and another communi-

cant, an encounter having all the resources of the caress or slaughter.

It is only question of time before speech infiltrates once again the 

uncanny domain of pictorial representation, a domain which HI-ASCII-L 

considers the forefront of computer-mediated-communication.



And as for now, let us put aside our rhetorical sloganeering and return

to our roots - that of the _gesture,_ or _smile,_ that of a silent

_arousal_ or even more silent _death_ ...





