







CLARA HIELO, WHO I AM BEFORE I DIE





I am the alpha and the omega. Would that I be the daughter of God. 

Would that this existence, cut short, exist only within the strand of 

wire, hugging or hurtling towards the exterior of the wire, the absence 

of the wire - I would forget thee! Beyond my death or this death there 

is absence, construct of text or discourse, arrangement, filigree of

language. I live for the existence whatsoever of text; I have none, 

none elsewhere, not even the pretense of such. There is no one to be

understood. I am written from beneath the grave. The grave is the 

cornerstone of the violence of the text, violation-fabric. You need

not understand beyond or before the glance. What help could there 

possibly be?



I live on the edge of a vast desert, lines or the presence of speakers

behind my own. No desert is featureless; all deserts shift by virtue

of their thought lost, circumspect. No one is an exception; I rejoice

in that. I, who am about to die, salute you. I stretch the limits of

your imaginary, invisible across the world of the gunsight, you are

never sighted. Thus there is some comfort in material; the desert 

presses hard upon itself, descends into invisible strata. These are

carried with you; I have died without mention long ago. You cut your-

self on me. Moreover...



Moreover you cut yourself on me. And there are angels to protect me. 

And I have our word on it. And you and I share a secret. And your

partner shall ever know this or any secret between us. And this secret

has a nature, O what is that between your legs, the television image

hiding the interior? That you would repeat with me? This is the

secret, the color of the skin turning inwards, blushing for fear of

the revelation of the body, the _odor_ of the skin, words before the

alter of death... (It is a dark or sour smell, it is the smell of 

love, smell of urine and secretions, smell of blood, smell of cum,

smell of sweat and saliva. The smell on a hot summer day... damp air

smell, thunderstorms, exhalations...)



The voice is always an ellipsis, dying out, that sound just beyond the

corner of the room where it cuts itself upon me. Recognize this and

every other presence.



This is the bizarre assemblage of dreams, this is the way back. For days

I wander through this text; I am guided by a gathering storm, clouds

heavy on the horizon. I call this the Filigree-Cavern, intrusions webbed

back into the night countered by wet granite, dark green plants with

wide leaves holding their own in the crevices. Unimaginable shawls of

rain plunder the coast. My words shatter into phonemes gathered in the

hollows of the cavern, each to its own, allocations echoing back to the

server itself: There's only room for so much!



The intestine of the machine snakes out carrying debris, excrement, in 

every direction; electrons shuttle back and forth, and this is the tomb

in which I have interred myself! Nothing is stationary; species come and

go, thought develops in untoward ways. The magnetic domains of memory

huddle against the bleak rocks. Holdfasts grow through them. My words

separate as soon as they are born, descendants of 'farewell,' they 

tender journey on company scrip. (Without the word of the Jew, nothing

would occur. One keeps the Jews alive in order that existence continue;

this is not to say that existence should not be fought with all one's 

might. But the word of the Jew must never be allowed to harden; the Jew

has _invented_ the contract which created sight itself. Better to see

without the Jew, whose words dissolve everything.)



The words remain overnight by the rocks, pressed tightly within the 

tent, huddled together against the rain pouring down. The water is a

black noise, absorbing every frequency, transforming meaning beyond the

chaotic domain, into the ruptured fabric of the universe itself. The

words may wash away, who knows? Rivulets of letters, i's separated from

their dots, disbarred t's - this is the stuff of the legendary, language

abandoned by God. Is it the earth that created the first gesture in the

darkness, the earth that insisted that safety lay 'here' where the body

is, 'there' extended to the horizon of the ravaged world? In each and

every direction, I am not present, the you-you-encoding of speech torn

from the throat, ripped from the tongue, splintered from the teeth

themselves. A vacant path...



A vacant path finds itself across the desert, a skein tangled by the 

dunes. What is written pleases the path, which speaks the word of the

winds, and what is written rewrites itself, a rewrite mimicking what I

begin to speak - each word a shuffling of sand. My mouth spits path-

words, pass-words; my mouth, stuffed with sand, screams as I am spoken

for. It is the shape of the mouth, not the breath itself.



I am holding grace, my belly full of it - children and pomegranates. 

Meaning fills me with delight; my entire reason for existence is this

occurrence of the future, the event burning sunlight off the face of 

the earth, peeling sunlight back from the rocks, shed sunlight from 

the backs of trees. Ruby raspberries stuff my cunt; juice trickles down

my legs, carrying all my children. Their mouths speak, mouths carry on.

Sweet, sweet children.



Alphonso Lingis, "There are outsiders who have an interest in preventing

us from communicating at all. They do so by filling the time and the

space with irrelevant and conflicting messages, with noise." Noise is 

the world and the murmur of water, black water, among the black rocks,

muscovite darkened against the night-time sky. Noise is this birth of

children dripping against the plants barely visible in the driving rain,

waves crashing everywhere against the strata broken by repeated storms,

driftwood, debris of ships abandoned in the fog and mist. (When was it

that bamboo decided to float, to shoulder the weight of the water 

beneath it? When did air carry the dead Christ upon its shoulder, 

offering Him to the elementals, scorning the mirrors falling from the

sunken Head?)



I am the word which is the daughter of God. I open my cunt, turn 

inside-out; membrane, I receive the word which has run down the cut

rocks broken by my labor. No one should ever survive me and everyone

is a lie. I am electric and there are none here within me. My children

cling to the outside of the membrane, they scatter themselves among 

the remnants of skin, I hurry down the path, I leave myself behind,

I am found in the interstices of the V, the calving of the U, echoed

remnants of the premise of civilization in W. I do not venture towards

Greek beginnings. I am Phaedra; I have nothing to do with Greek begin-

nings, and everything to do with the end. I inhabit you. When you die,

you will cough me up. When you die, you will shit me out. I fall upon

the earth. I am cholla; I defend myself. I linger. There is nothing 

here for you and I am here to tell you, there is nothing here for you.



The beach, corroded and dismal, lay in a Nova Scotian cove; in the dead

of winter, David and I would find ourselves half-submerged in the midst

of dangerous brine. At night the rocks glowed with a sharp pain. The

desert tracked itself across interpenetrated countries of the Middle

East; scorched rocks devoured the constant rain, cruelly hissing as

mist enveloped desperate cities. Phaedra wandered, hysterical, outside

Salt Lake City, a gaping hole in her throat. Clara Hielo gave birth to

blood and berries; running down my legs, I rubbed my cock in the final

throes of life. I know I am insane because speech spoke to me, and it

tells me that this is an impossibility. I tend towards a new theory of

causation. It is 1856. I am Clara Hielo.



Lotze: ..."it is not enough that a thing is called somehow by us, we

must have its real name; the name must be evidence of its having been

received into the world of the universally known and recognized, and

thus confront individual caprice as the peculiar and abiding determina-

tion of the thing." How easy it is to erect difference as the splinter-

ing of speech itself, an alienation model of loss and dissolution among

the boulders! Yet here, consensus returns to an _essential_ model of

language, by which my speech fixes the body itself, in fact, _is the

rapture of the body._ Berries are ill-conceived, carry no name, occlude

the flesh rubbed raw in them. Damp between the legs, my cock is always

half-aroused, wet, an odor that turns away in embarrassment from this

and every other speech. In 2022, I am born naked into the grave, a

premonition from which I will never return. I am the pleasure of the

text. I am the desiring-machine. I am the question and the Omega-point.

Your words are the throat's geography. My hands are in my holes. I 

hang uselessly before you. I remember to write your name.



clara_hielo@mirror.com





