





CURRENT ERROR, FUTURE PARADISE!!!





When I write in higher ASCII, as I see, everything is blocked, 

repressed. Escape is impossible. An enormous lid lies over the text, a 

lid carrying the remains of contusions, lacerations. Everything trans-

lates into everything else; I am sorry for this!



I am sorry for my inability to present to you the beautiful 2100

pictures of the real I alone have created in order to fulfill my Net

mission, beyond the languor of email itself! I would have brought you

anywhere you wanted to go; I would have given you my very soul. But

COMPRESSION says otherwise, says there is no escape. But COMPRESSION

holds me back, a form of release not unrelated to those techniques

characterizing the postmodern dance, say, of Charles Dennis. 



So my beauty will be born and will die with me. Unless of course you

also have access to higher ASCII, have access to a decoding, enumera-

ting the value of each symbol (such as [), adding 128 to it, and re-

inserting the same in the text itself. What a proposal, what endless

labor this will take (although, of course, it may be automated, at the

risk of losing the rest of the piece, language and all) - for 2100

screens, a re-inscription (which is what the real is in the first place,

re-inscription, a _written,_ or an excess which might as well wander

from the screen, take uncanny residence in that cave described but not

named from Plato (I doubt he even knew where it was)) designated for

the pleasure of the murmur of the world itself.



When, as I assume in the near future, Usenet and Email Lists combine in

a GUT (grand unified theory of everything), a _first_ requirement will

be the _restoration_ of 8-bit ASCII (for, I assume, this pristine 

condition originally existed "in the open air," as it were, beyond this

or any other encoded system); at this point - and who knows, perhaps

even 16-bit, 32-bit, onwards and upwards through fiber-optic, the real

and the virtual will _shimmer,_ simultaneously interpenetrated - at 

this point, there will be no reason to continue thought or the indexi-

cality of existence, the _there is,_ and - at this point, my dream will

be restored in the absence of this or any other body.



So be it.





