







EARLY HYPERTEXT INVERSION





In 1978 I created a program for a Terak mini-computer at the Univers-

ity of California, Irvine, in Pascal. It was designed to take a text

input of any sort, and modify it according to the random call-up of

subprocedures. Some of the subs would clutter or obscure the text; 

some would reiterate various syntactical elements or substitute words.

The results were stuttering texts that continue to play a role in my

thinking about the nature of languages and sexualities - writing pres-

sured by what Terry Winograd calls `breakdown.' Some samples follow,

taken from _Texts,_ U.C.I., 1979.



From system.wrk.txt



It was on a bus, a tr art away from, beginning with

Desire in a kind of writing, an attempt, really, something

holding  You and I "in the middle of the country"

me an energy within  against you: "in the middle of my 

life"

thata procedure  if would not conflict with the other 

worldwast,

....... some nd   you chose place my own work within

the exhibition

Clearly I call you here, within this line, returning in

the evening  and that brush of skin against hair,

clearly not at all or barrier

a lexicon, taxonomy, moment against (one (another

that a procedure  if would not conflict with the other

worldwast,

that would be ambivalent

a space between two spaces, or others,

thataa procedure   if procedure   if would not conflict

with the other worldwast, some moment

"feminine against the configuration"



From Stalingrad



These a codficiation of alienatingases, descriptive of

descrive of

thsociety; the regulationis pess is true under all forms of post-indus-

trial bautonomous sphere of discourseetwen autonomous sre between 

worker and machine claclass of signifiers class of signifierds oign- 

ifiers and totality of class of athe assignment of a space-time metricn 

intersti based on equalization 

aa product of regulation, a codi-ulation-product, codification

thocation of reguwithin the machine/text;lation

ihis that allows one to state

she his that allows one to state

inthe machinery of sexuality, if you will. other words: a form of 

production. a maw of attractors, texture of minima: perhaps that is all

that exists.

F(n-1)(x,x)=F(n)(x,2) and the machinery of sexuality, if you will.

becomes an additional expression

becomes an additional expression

sexuality the text branches, therefore, at almost every point...

[...]

(if an ology produces its own sources of alienation.

oneunification of the workers! could state freely:

regulation in at one point in history,

now the s she tuation has entirely changed.

things seem completely different: tenser.

oneunification of the workers! could state freely:

onification of the workers: could state freely: uication of the workers!

oication of the workers!

[...]

people are bew she ldered; they don't know where to turn.

onufuf the workers! the workers! of the workers! could state frely:

it's as if: tenses, like sexuality, created temporal collapse.

becomes an additional expression

becomes an additional expression



From store.text



(airl, really..)thito such a young womans  m an  older man !

come, child, we where? perhaps one of these eveningsshaddance together

achien reallyt lindias infantssfa, as children

a ofocial marginalityce the ideological function of art

locaagainst the bourgis culturetes itself social marginality

I :nther here nor theret I`elsewhere' in terms of interpersonal

    relationss  fd



_States of Production:_



The creation of the texts was accompanied by increased tension, anxiety,

and sexual arousal. I would find myself wet as memories of other faces

filled the screen, as instrumental rationality scratched my flesh with

long, thin nails. The _voice_ moved from the mouth to deep within the

throat; the text encompassed the body. Throughout the day and night, I

would correspond with the machine, caressed by the delineation of 

gratified desire. Even at this point in time it was clear that the 

subject was neither myself nor the other, that the body was of the 

imaginary order, the languor of the _swoon._ Leaning back, I would dream

of Clara's body, the intensity of our first sexual contact, my body 

shocked into being. I could never speak again; theory became a matter or

degree of stuttering. (See above.)



_Leaning Back:_



Naked, I would lean back far into the trauma of the chair itself, eyes 

half-closed, my body loose and open for the revelation of each and 

every secret. I was forced to recognize that secrecy shunted language, 

that language only half-whispered within and without the murmur of the 

world. I would die by drowning, by the seepage of the signifier; I 

would whisper her name, shattering the last remnants of consciousness.



_Early Hacking:_



My body was hacked to pieces, night after night; I move from the computer

center back into my office, where the calls would come in. Always those

calls, a female and male voice, mocking me, anonymous. One night, there

were sixty-three of them, and I began to double, to lack registration of

the orders of the real, descend into substance. I would reach back 

towards the authority of the police; nothing helped. My photographs were

hacked in an exhibition at the same time; my mail was tampered with. 



_Preparation of the Hole:_



In Irvine, I ignorantly awaited the arrival of Derrida, long after I 

left the campus. I was the hole of language, syntactical striations 

circulating around a dead and non-existent center. I awaited Derrida the

beautiful woman; I was prepared for her. In this manner, I created de-

construction, and am responsible for the resulting TERMINAL PHILOSOPHY.



From file:



against her, as if surfaces time time this presence (or

skin surfaces..or without you, as if finding or an inner

or an (wheel's edge (or (against

at her, hedge or fence sn.. surfaces sn surfaces..flesh, a word,

or a word, arfaces  sn surfaces..ssurfaces..srfaces..saces

this skin (or agakinst, or you sn surfaces..ssurfaces..srfaces

..saces..ses (or flesh or (against

as surfaces..ssurfaces.srfaces.saces.ses..s..(or (against

(itself, speak aaces..ssurfaces..srfaces..saces..ses..s



_What else occured there:_



The women's toilets were smeared with human blood and excrement; my

students constantly nodded out on drugs; the mayor of Irvine was

arrested; I was asked to leave the university; the gallery was destroyed 

by a graduate student; coyote were everywhere; I was seduced; I left.



_Where I went:_



I fled back to Clara New York, back with Clara to Hartford, Ottawa,

Montreal, back to Los Angeles, back to Tasmania, Atlanta, Dallas...



_And why I did these things:_



I was following WEB INVERSION HYPERTEXT; I was opening the hole of

SOUTH CENTRAL NORTH-AMERICA; I was carving my name in the history of

terminal philosophy.



(Later, Clara left me, and a Korean woman and I began to live together

for a brief time, crossing the country in a simulacrum of the letter X.)





