







AWARD! AWARD!





To whom it may concern:



An announcement that I cannot fool death.

An announcement that my life has exhausted itself.

This is not a suicide announcement.

This is an annoucement that:

I am the body electronic.

There are no other existences in my vicinity.

I travel the paths of space and time; I confuse space and time.

Space and time are the remnants of memory.

I am the _resident memory_ here in the midst of this text.



Stop! Stop!



An announcement that it is the machine in me that speaks to you.

An announcement that I am the universal dream machine.

This is not a eunthanasia announcement.

This is an announcement that:

Nothing speaks in this realm of the deaf.

Nothing sees in this realm of the blind.

The deaf and the blind have machines and I have no machine.

I am the resident machine for the body-without-organs!



Stop! Stop!



An announcement that I have removed all emotion from my life in the 

midst of the world!

An announcement that I am now and forever devoted to the service 

of the wire, the enslavement of the fiber-optic cable my Mistress!

This is the safety of the Net which removes the Tearful Escapades!

This is the paradise of computation in which I am _always_ well-defined!

This is an announcement that:

Here, everything happens just as it should!

Here, there are no seasons, no storms, no midnight confessions I cannot

handle!

Here, nothing moves in the country of the lame and the halt!

I declare to you: You are perfect here and I am perfect here!

We are perfect for one another!



Stop! Stop!



We are all perfect and full human beings in the life beyond the Net,

in our beautiful lives of harmonious love. - So says the Net!

Are we not perfect lovers? Are we not beings fulfilled with the 

presence of beauty? - So says the Net!

Are we not harmonious humans? Are our lives not filled with perfection

and perfect beauty? - So says the Net!

But here:

Everything happens just as it should!

But here:

I am your perfect lover, and I am always electronic!

For my life on the planet earth is filled with loneliness!



Stop! Stop!



For I have cauterized myself, offer myself as a gift to you!

For this is the gift, the gift of perfect love and harmony!

For here I am alone, and there is no one else!

For I sense nothing, and no one in my vicinity!

Everything happens!

Everything happens!







