





From sondheim@panix3.panix.com Sun Jul 31 23:05:43 1994

Date: Sun, 31 Jul 1994 23:01:48 -0400 (EDT)

From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix3.panix.com>

To: Cybermind@World.Std.Com, FOP <fiction-of-philosophy@world.std.com>

Subject: LOVE





Recently, there has been a lot of obvious heartbreak on both Cybermind 

and Fiction-of-Philosophy, and I have received numerous personal posts, 

telephone calls, and public posts about Michael Current's death, feelings 

of isolation and despair, grief over Rwanda, and depression.



I have also received posts about love, about hugging one another, about 

crying and tears, about distraught states of mind in general. And I have 

received posts of affirmation, about our love for one another.



And it is this that I want to query, although both delicate and difficult 

- what is the nature of this love? Is there love on the Net that would 

accompany us into and through face-to-face encounters? Certainly this 

almost never happens with romantic love (although an Iranian student of 

mine told me her friend had met a Norwegian on the Internet and they are 

now married) - the grain of the real overcomes everything else. And here 

negation also plays a role - it is too easy to negate on the Net, too 

little is at risk. A potential lover is also a potential threat; one 

sleeps uneasily at night, shudders at the thought of her or him, dreams 

the day away. The threat comes from a different form of negation that can 

occur only in face-to-face, a negation disturbing our very being, the 

effacement of the presenting of ourselves. 



The first negation is as simple as DELete, Kill, Quit - commands that 

render the promise of an absolute withdrawal. The second lends itself to 

fuzzy inscription, problematic determinations, and the _plea_ or 

yearning. 



The love that comes across the Net in times of grief or condolence is 

different, a situation of textual empathy, ASCII intertwined in ASCII. 

But to what extent would we touch each other? To what extent would our 

poor exteriors carry us through the day together?



These are not idle questions; they are at the heart of the encounter, 

both in face-to-face and on the Net. They involve the giving of ourselves 

as a gift, lending ourselves to one another, and, through empathy 

embodied, they also embrace a form of desire and sexuality, an 

intertwining inhabiting the caress which both comforts and heals through 

the suturing of bodies.



Or do we face our own deaths, purely and simply, reading ASCII and its 

reading as an inscription - not of momentary communication somewhere 

between conversation and essay - but of the tomb itself? Do we stare at 

our own epitaphs through all of this, each post disseminating voice, 

losing voice (as semen or menses are lost), until nothing remains except 

fragments of DNA-script in the files of others?



I believe these issues are of grave concern.



Alan









From sondheim@panix3.panix.com Tue Aug  2 02:40:15 1994

Date: Tue, 2 Aug 1994 02:37:50 -0400 (EDT)

From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix3.panix.com>

To: Cybermind@world.std.com, fiction-of-philosophy@world.std.com

Subject: JURISPRUDENCE OF AN EXTRAORDINARY FEMALE BARRISTER 





A number of years ago Alexander Essenin-Volpin, maverick Russian 

dissident and logician, constructed a framework for governance and the 

lack of it based on two principles: One should have the freedom to do 

whatever one wants to do; one should have the freedom not to have done to 

one what one does not wish to have done. The first is expansive, the 

second problematizes coercion of any sort. The first lends itself to the 

acceptance of victimless crimes as non-criminal in any manner; the second 

implies the self-construction of one's boundaries. Within both, for 

example, drugs should be completely legalized - but if one oversteps the 

bounds against another, penalties are implied. Drive drunk - but if you 

cause an accident, you are fully accountable, as if sober. These 

principles descend, somewhat worn and tattered, into everyday life; on 

the Net, they devolve as a result of encryption hacking. On the Net, in 

fact, anyone can ultimately access anyone - establish a shareware ring of 

password breaking, and the news spreads. There are questions here about 

hate crimes for example: Am I injured by the spread of anti-semitic 

propaganda? On the Net, is the word deed? Flamewars stem from 

exasperation: I _cannot hit_ my `brother' or `sister' with a stick, and 

therefore I will hurt with every textual means at my disposal. As in 

computer life, the ontology of the Net (or lack of it) creates an 

accompanying ontology of Net-destruction which can touch us at our core, 

without a retranslation into every-day existence. But in issues of 

sexuality, the double freedoms run up against so-called children's 

rights, always already dictated by adults with their own ideological 

agenda. What is overlooked here is simple curiosity; one, of any age, 

_will_ taste the forbidden, and, as in _The Night Kitchen,_ such a taste 

is necessary for the absolution and recuperation of real life, and death 

in real life. One can always argue the simplest, that parental guidance 

rules the child, but childhood, like every other form of existence 

beneath the sign of (post-)capital, leads its own autonomy, possessed of 

the standard operating procedures of reification and legitimation. These 

taste of the absolute, and the absolute creates a site or inhabitation 

designating `Barney' or `generation X' - to a hacker, the leakages are 

obvious and need to be exposed. Eventually one must assume, perhaps, that 

none of us are innocent, that the world is not innocent, and this is not 

so far from the truth. Innocence seems a fabrication of the origins of 

capital, the play upon the body of labor which molds it. And an 

eight-year-old breaker boy in the anthracite mines is far less innocent 

than an eight-year-old breaking in to alt.sex.bondage gifs, the latter 

recognizing the appearance of power with some degree of comprehension, 

and the former dead at an average of ten years later. If simple 

restrictive passwords governed autonomous age-, sex-, religious- etc. 

domains, everything would appear as in the stages of classic capital - 

the beautiful nuclear family united within and without the world, 

coherent with the world and the word and their structures. But the pass- 

words are meaningless in a global topology of circumventions, circum- 

scriptions, and occlusions. Everyone drinks the blood of everyone, 

everyone is mannered, jostled in a world devoted to overpopulation. So 

that I would think that the Net splits and splinters, and will continue 

to do so, limiting access here, developing subnet autonomies and cultures 

there, and not so much flamewars, but brigandage, lurkers, and cybergangs 

on the frontiers of voice itself. Above, on the surface, there are 

warnings from PJ Harvey always present; no one gets rid of anything. 

Essenin-Volpin, who contracted the natural number system as well in an 

apparent circumvention of Godel, operates upon a classical body, produces 

a classical result. The result functions only to the extent that victimi- 

zation _must_ become the core of criminality, that cause-and-(evil)effect 

alone _must_ become determinative. The lines are drawn, and I make this 

prediction: That within ten years, the religious right, Ollie North and 

company, will have a strangle-hold on this country; that anti-semitism 

and racism will both flourish and flourish through the legitimations of 

capital institutions; and that the left will once again be subterranean, 

this time harsher, better organized, somewhat unified beneath the new 

signs of death and destruction, and ready to fight for their live.



With every death from starvation in this country, the statue of liberty 

has been torn apart. With every sexual or racist assault, she has been 

raped. She becomes increasingly isolated in the midst of chatter raised 

to an hysteric and incandescent degree. Woman on the verge of psychosis, 

she falls to pieces. The woman who is Roseanne or the woman who is Karen 

Finley or the woman who is Nicoll Simpsom or the woman so battered on our 

street that her mind has gone or the heavy prostitute on crack and AIDS.

The male takes the kid out, he's got a gun. It's first blood, a deer. 

Comes back covered with the stuff. Bleeds in it, just like a woman. It's 

his freedom one, it's his right to do it. Dumb animals can't fight back 

and God made them that way. God made women to have babies and if they 

starve to death they're little gifts to God. My baby died when I was 

eight months pregnant. I never told you. I buried it. You never went to 

the tree down at the harbor, you avoided it. You killed the baby, you 

must have hated me. You must have known at the time. I'll kill you for 

this. I'll throw it in your face. Goddamn you.



I met Alexander Essenin-Volpin through Krister Hennix who wrote on 

Brouwerian logic and topos theory; I got my Melanie Klein books from him. 

The absolute expanded, filled him with perfection; I remember him 

lecturing at me to the point of absurdity. He was on his way to 

completely rewriting Einstein once he demonstrated where Einstein erred. 

I was the dirty psychoanalyt half of the relationship, grovelling in cunt 

and cock, liquids slightly warm to the touch. Then I didn't seem him for 

several years and Henry Flynt told me recently that Krister is now Krista 

or Karen or some such, having undergone a sex change operation, and taken 

up Lacan with a vengeance. No matter what the sex, there always had to be 

a father in the picture, and this father-mother worked with Volpin, 

apparently out of duty at this point, completing the introduction to V's 

long-awaited work - to be printed I believe, by the American Mathematical 

Society. I do not know whether the volume ever appeared; Alexander was 

slow and cautious. Katherine left the country. If Volpin solved the 

problem, he didn't solve Kathy, who seemed in need of a solution. But 

these people did what they wanted and hurt no one; there was an issue of 

IO devoted to Krister's ideas, which, like a mad and overly sexualized

Brouwerian/Wittgensteinian, implicated the world in its entirety. What 

would happen in a realm where all crimes were simultaneously victimed and 

victimless? Where alterity becomes dissolute, the face unravels, knotting 

the other? The _substance of innocence_ is defrayed, and at the worse, the 

statue of liberty fully topples into dust. The world fills with dust; 

everything is desert. The eyes reflect microbes held within them. The Law 

of the Net is the rusted gun, jammed bullets, wet powder. I bind my body, 

naked, across the wires; my flesh carries the patterns of the backbone, 

the wide-area-servers, down to lans, hubs, and losers. The wires distend 

my cock so that the dreams begin. They travel up the anus, caressing 

centers of pleasure never dreamed of, fill the mouth with copper cotton 

modifying and making speech. The eyes are pierced; I see dot matrix give 

way to ink jet to laser surgery of final and apocalyptic scenes engraved 

forever, what we now shall sever, we will see forever. For the rest of 

eternity, I discharge with a thud; copper ASCII laminates my bones, my 

teeth splinter against the caved-in roof of the mouth, gnawing the lower 

surface of the brain. This is the future of everywhere of the world and 

it begins with two principles which always attempt the hysteric 

construction of essence itself. These are logs which will make a cross.

The cross will burn a forest.



Alan



