







From Gertrude Stein's The Making of Americans: 





This might be the way we could find out who was writing to us. First, we 

would do the things we would do and second, we would see who had done them. 

There was always the opportunity of the first person or the opportunity of 

the second person. Two people together might form a writer. One person 

together might form a way of seeing the land from an automobile. But it 

would have to have another that would make her move. If she would not move 

she would not be one. She would be one in order to move and her movement 

would be one and that would be all there would be of it. So she would move 

and she would write to us and might be two and that would be because one 

will always write because that is the nature of one. Now there is a ques-

tion of the savior. Now I find that I cannot be the savior nor can I save 

her. She cannot save herself. She interferes with saving and her writing 

interferes with saving writing that is already saved. This is the way she 

expands which she will do.



Who would they be out there, writing to her? She would not know that she

would know that they were this one that she had not met and this one was

always that one because this one is an arm or an arm and that one is a 

leg or a leg and the leg might walk with another and a leg without would

be a great event an arm or a memory. She would write that memory here

and now and not now and there because she would be one. She would write

one, and would see who had done them. There was always an opportunity or 

an event. An event is not an occasion but an occasion is an occasion for 

an event. A post is an occasion but is not an event, but a post is an 

opportunity for two. She would be too.



"I would begin to see your future in this way," Gertrude said approving-

ly. Mrs. Nast nodded happily. She had returned from the war a widow from

the war and she had returned. Health was pleasant and you would remain

happy or remain healthy in fact you would return. You would return and

that was a future. She would be two and return. Mrs. Nast regarded her

silently. She knew that Gertrude had a past, and that the past was 

something that one had, and the past that one had was past. Leo would 

have said however that she had a past and that she had not had had a 

past but had a past and that was a difference. That was the difference

between Gertrude and Mrs. Nast and Gertrude and Mrs. Nast knew that Leo

was right. Gertrude would continue and Pablo and Ernest would listen and

she would continue in this way.



She knew that she would continue to be two. She knew that she would 

write and be two and that she would read what she would write. Leo knew

that her writing was an event, and Pablo and Ernest would be part of it.

Pablo and Ernest would be two or two. They would be a writer.



[1804]





