==




Ruach Hakodesh

machine and spirit of g-d

e ': (A) ten names called a prophet. these are: the axis. loyal. 
worked. courier. Contract. watching. seeing. dreaming. prophet. 
God's people: (i) ten names called the Holy Spirit are Names 
called

in the rush of audo-translation the spirit is lost 

Ben 'Azzai used to said, which meant he said it often, he often 
spoke, "If one dies while speaking, it is a good sign for him; 
if in silence, it is a bad sign for him." (Avot d' Rebbi Natan, 
trans Goldin.) If one stops talking, one sinks into the chamber; 
if one keeps talking, perhaps one can talk his way out of it.

none could do that. "By TEN names was the Holy Spirit called, to 
with: parable, metaphor, riddle, speech, saying, glory, command, 
burden, prophecy, vision." (trans Goldin.) "_Ruach Hakodesh_ was 
called by ten names: parable, metaphor, riddle, speech, saying, 
call, command, burden, prophecy, vision." (trans. Finkel.) Call 
or glory, always a burden. The Ruach Hakodesh called and was 
called, was a matter of physics, physicality, the body blown 
across time and space, but the burden implies a weight, the mute 
witnessing and assignation of substance. none could be that, 
none could _be_ substance, only transformed in the chambers or 
through poetics _into_ substance or its guise.

"The Hebrew language phrase ruach ha-kodesh is a term used in 
the Hebrew Bible (Tanakh) and Jewish writings to refer to the 
Spirit of YHWH. The Hebrew term ruakh kodeshka, without the 
definite article, also occurs. The "Holy Spirit" in Judaism 
generally refers to the divine aspect of prophecy and wisdom. It 
also refers to the divine force, quality, and influence of the 
Most High God, over the universe or over his creatures, in given 
contexts." (Wikipedia)

then of course: "nmf. wind; spirit, soul, nous; air; direction; 
ghost, fantom, genie, hobgoblin, imp, incubus, jinn, jinni , 
kobold, phantom, shade, sprite, bogey, bogy; mind" (elsewhere)

none could do that. the g-d folds time and space, collapses 
them, a literal Time Lord. the collapse turns death in upon 
itself and we shall all live forever. the tibetan deity machine 
continues the repetitions of lives with difference, differance.
is this a production or reproduction? to the extent i am 
re-prodution i am already in a creation whose final act creates 
this beginning of burden, call and command.

