==

and Ruach command. Ruach Ruach command. Ruach Hakodesh command.
Ruach machine Ruach and Ruach Hakodesh spirit machine Hakodesh of
and Hakodesh of spirit machine of g-d and g-d e spirit g-d ': of g-d
(A) g-d g-d (A) e e ten ': e names ten ': names names ': names
called (A) names a ten called prophet. names called these a called
are: prophet. called are: these a are: are: prophet. the axis. these
the loyal. are: the worked. the the worked. axis. axis. courier.
loyal. axis. Contract. courier. loyal. Contract. Contract. loyal.
Contract. watching. worked. Contract. seeing. courier. watching.
dreaming. Contract. watching. prophet. seeing. watching. God's
dreaming. seeing. God's prophet. seeing. God's God's dreaming.
people: (i) prophet. people: ten God's people: names people: people:
names (i) (i) called ten (i) the called ten the the ten the Holy
names the Spirit called Holy are the Holy Names Holy Holy called are
Spirit called Names Spirit in called are in the Names in rush called
in of in in of the the audo-translation rush the the
audo-translation rush the the rush the spirit of spirit is
audo-translation spirit lost the spirit Ben spirit spirit 'Azzai
lost is 'Azzai Ben is used 'Azzai lost used to Ben used said, 'Azzai
used which used used which to to meant said, to he which said, he he
said, he said which said it meant said often, he said he said said
often often, it often he it spoke, often often, spoke, spoke, he
spoke, one often spoke, dies spoke, "If dies "If "If while one "If
speaking, dies one speaking, speaking, one speaking, it dies it is
while it a speaking, it good it it sign a is sign good is for sign a
for for good for if good for in for him; in him; him; silence, if
him; it in if it it if is is in is a silence, is bad it is sign is
is for a a for sign a him." for bad him." him." sign him." d' sign
him." Rebbi for (Avot Rebbi (Avot (Avot Natan, d' (Avot trans Rebbi
d' trans trans d' Goldin.) Goldin.) Rebbi Goldin.) If Natan,
Goldin.) one trans Goldin.) stops Goldin.) Goldin.) talking, If If
talking, stops If one talking, one one one stops one sinks stops
sinks the talking, sinks the sinks sinks chamber; into sinks if the
into if chamber; into one one the one keeps chamber; one talking, if
one perhaps one keeps one keeps keeps one perhaps keeps can one
talking, can can perhaps can talk perhaps talk way one talk way talk
talk out his talk of way his of out his it. it. way it. none out it.
could of it. do it. none that. none none that. do none "By that.
could "By "By do "By TEN do TEN names that. TEN was TEN TEN the
names TEN Holy was names Holy the names Spirit Spirit was Spirit
called, the Spirit to Holy Spirit with: Spirit called, parable,
called, called, parable, with: called, metaphor, parable, to
metaphor, metaphor, with: riddle, riddle, with: riddle, speech,
parable, riddle, saying, metaphor, riddle, glory, speech, riddle,
command, saying, speech, command, glory, speech, burden, burden,
saying, burden, prophecy, glory, burden, vision." command, burden,
(trans burden, prophecy, Goldin.) prophecy, prophecy, Goldin.)
vision." prophecy, "_Ruach Goldin.) vision." "_Ruach "_Ruach (trans
Hakodesh_ Hakodesh_ (trans Hakodesh_ was Goldin.) Hakodesh_ called
"_Ruach Hakodesh_ by was Hakodesh_ ten called was ten by was names:
names: called names: parable, by names: metaphor, ten parable,
riddle, names: parable, speech, parable, parable, speech, metaphor,
parable, saying, speech, metaphor, saying, saying, riddle, call,
call, riddle, call, command, speech, call, burden, saying, call,
prophecy, command, command, vision." burden, command, (trans.
prophecy, command, (trans. vision." burden, (trans. Finkel.)
prophecy, (trans. Call vision." Finkel.) or (trans. Finkel.) glory,
Finkel.) Finkel.) glory, Call Finkel.) always glory, Call always
always or a a or a burden. glory, a The always a Ruach a burden.
Hakodesh The burden. called Ruach burden. called Hakodesh The called
and Ruach and was Hakodesh and called, called and was and and was
was and a was was a a called, matter matter called, matter of was
matter physics, a matter physicality, matter of the physics, of body
physicality, of body the physics, body blown physicality, blown
across the blown time body blown and blown blown and across across
space, time across but space, time but but time but the and but
burden space, but implies but the a burden the weight, implies the
weight, a burden weight, the implies the mute a the witnessing
weight, the and the the and mute mute assignation witnessing mute of
assignation witnessing of of witnessing of substance. and of none
assignation substance. could of substance. be none substance. that,
could substance. that, be none that, that, could none could be none
_be_ that, none substance, none none substance, could could only
_be_ could transformed only _be_ transformed transformed _be_
transformed in substance, transformed the only in chambers
transformed in or in in through chambers the through or the poetics
through chambers poetics _into_ or poetics substance through poetics
or poetics poetics or _into_ _into_ its substance _into_ guise. its
substance guise. guise. substance guise. "The or "The Hebrew its
"The language guise. "The phrase "The "The ruach language Hebrew
ruach phrase Hebrew ha-kodesh ruach language ha-kodesh is phrase
ha-kodesh a ruach ha-kodesh term ha-kodesh ha-kodesh term is is used
a is in term a in in a in the term the Hebrew used the Bible in the
(Tanakh) the the and Bible Hebrew and (Tanakh) Hebrew Jewish and
Bible Jewish Jewish (Tanakh) Jewish to and Jewish refer Jewish
writings refer writings writings to to writings the refer to the the
to the Spirit refer Spirit of to Spirit YHWH. the Spirit The Spirit
Spirit Hebrew YHWH. of Hebrew The of term Hebrew YHWH. term term The
term kodeshka, The term without term ruakh without ruakh ruakh the
kodeshka, ruakh definite without kodeshka, definite definite
kodeshka, definite article, without article, also the article,
occurs. definite article, The article, article, "Holy occurs. also
"Holy The also Spirit" "Holy occurs. Spirit" Spirit" The Spirit"
Judaism The Spirit" generally Spirit" in generally in in refers
Judaism in to generally Judaism to to Judaism the the generally the
divine refers the aspect to the of the the prophecy divine divine
prophecy of divine and prophecy aspect and and of and It of wisdom.
also prophecy wisdom. also wisdom. wisdom. refers It wisdom. to also
It to to It the the also the divine refers the force, to the
quality, the the and divine divine and quality, divine influence and
force, influence influence quality, influence of quality, of Most
and of Most of of High the of God, Most the God, High the over over
Most over the High over universe God, over or over the over the the
over or the his over universe his his or his creatures, or
creatures, in over creatures, given creatures, creatures, contexts."
in creatures, (Wikipedia) given in (Wikipedia) contexts." in then
then given then of contexts." then course: (Wikipedia) then "nmf.
then of wind; of of wind; "nmf. of spirit, wind; course: spirit,
spirit, "nmf. soul, soul, "nmf. soul, nous; wind; soul, air; spirit,
soul, direction; nous; soul, ghost, air; nous; ghost, direction;
nous; fantom, fantom, air; fantom, genie, direction; fantom,
hobgoblin, ghost, fantom, imp, fantom, genie, incubus, genie, genie,
incubus, hobgoblin, genie, jinn, incubus, hobgoblin, jinn, jinn,
imp, jinni jinni imp, jinni , incubus, jinni kobold, jinn, jinni
phantom, , jinni shade, kobold, , shade, phantom, , sprite, sprite,
kobold, sprite, bogey, phantom, sprite, bogy; shade, bogey, mind"
sprite, bogey, (elsewhere) bogey, bogey, (elsewhere) bogy; bogey,
none (elsewhere) bogy; none none mind" could could mind" could do
(elsewhere) could that. none could the do do g-d that. do g-d the do
folds g-d that. folds time the folds and g-d time space, folds time
collapses time time collapses and time them, collapses and them,
them, space, a a space, a literal collapses a Time them, a Lord.
literal literal the Time literal collapse Lord. literal collapse the
Time collapse turns Lord. collapse death the turns in collapse turns
upon turns turns upon death turns itself upon death itself itself in
and and in and we upon and shall itself and all and we live shall we
forever. all we forever. live shall forever. the all the tibetan
live the deity forever. the machine the the machine tibetan the
continues deity tibetan the continues deity the the deity the
repetitions machine the of continues the lives the repetitions with
of repetitions difference, lives repetitions difference, with of
difference, differance. lives differance. is with differance. this
difference, differance. a differance. differance. a is is production
this is or production this or or this or reproduction? a or to
production reproduction? the or reproduction? extent to
reproduction? i the reproduction? i extent to i i the am
re-prodution extent am i i am am am am am re-prodution re-prodution
already i re-prodution in already i in in i in a am in creation
already a whose in a final creation a act whose creation act final
creation act act whose creates this final creates beginning act
creates of creates creates of this this burden, beginning this call
burden, beginning call call beginning call and of call command.
burden, and call and and and command.  command.
(END)



Run-time jewlulu.txt 1

First flooding is clotting everything. - Your holding is 
soaked, written, erased. - Consider the next smearing of your 
thinking skin. Your binding should be wiped into existence?
I Consider the following again, your  ... Would  give you 
hydrogenesis?
doll churns me beneath your binding!
List more and more effluvia one by one, each on a line alone, 
typing Control-d when done.
My folds g-d that. folds time the folds and g-d time space, 
folds time is your chemistry here...
I work with virtual wounded and/or deceased avatars, examining 
their calls forth sweat spectre, hungered, making things. in 
the excretions, I work with virtual wounded and/or deceased 
avatars, examining their is , 017], ? ... spectre is on wet 
flesh, it's spectre?

Are you satisfied with your I work with virtual wounded and/or 
deceased avatars, examining their ? Wait! I work with virtual 
wounded and/or deceased avatars, examining their and 5308 are 
written. For 3 menses days, we have been waxes. and it has taken 
you 0.167 minutes to swallow your last ...

are you taking this out.:are you taking this in:my name is 
legion or the burden/command of the voice of the lord:: Write 
shit where are you through my are you taking this out.! I work 
with virtual wounded and/or deceased avatars, examining their 
:::collapses time time collapses and time them, collapses and 
them,:we all live within our hallucinations Your sweat folds g-d 
that. folds time the folds and g-d time space, folds time is to 
my excretions


jewlulu.txt 2


Run-time

First flooding is clotting everything. - Your holding is 
soaked, written, erased. - Consider the next smearing of your 
thinking skin. Your binding should be wiped into existence?
I Consider the following again, your  ... Would  give you 
hydrogenesis?
doll churns me beneath your binding!
List more and more effluvia one by one, each on a line alone, 
typing Control-d when done.
My folds g-d that. folds time the folds and g-d time space, 
folds time is your chemistry here...
I work with virtual wounded and/or deceased avatars, examining 
their calls forth sweat spectre, hungered, making things. in 
the excretions, I work with virtual wounded and/or deceased 
avatars, examining their is , 017], ? ... spectre is on wet 
flesh, it's spectre?

Are you satisfied with your I work with virtual wounded and/or 
deceased avatars, examining their ? Wait! I work with virtual 
wounded and/or deceased avatars, examining their and 5308 are 
written. For 3 menses days, we have been waxes. and it has taken 
you 0.167 minutes to swallow your last ...

are you taking this out.:are you taking this in:my name is 
legion or the burden/command of the voice of the lord:: Write 
shit where are you through my are you taking this out.! I work 
with virtual wounded and/or deceased avatars, examining their 
:::collapses time time collapses and time them, collapses and 
them,:we all live within our hallucinations Your sweat folds g-d 
that. folds time the folds and g-d time space, folds time is to 
my excretions

world appears resonant, coherent - what i termed years ago 
'a:i want to consider the idea of _resonant quality,_ that 
the:::virtue of a detour through language and through fear: it 
is also Your solvent haunts me and will finally close down the 
mumbling. is on my solvent in this configuration, _my_ body 
takes solace in itself, by seinfeld. so i take solace in an 
image: my back against the:take on lenny bruce for example, 
not the playfulness of:i revel in neurosis, the jewish 
neurosis of woody allen or my:my words are black letters in a 
black fire.: Your faerie dissolves my haunts me and will 
finally close down the mumbling.! tengu with ideohydraulesis!

$ anything. i talk and talk, write and write, and death still
-bash: anything.: command not found

$ haunts me and will finally close down the mumbling.
-bash: haunts: command not found

$

$ my words are black letters in a black fire.
-bash: my: command not found


