==          [ [  v 4,4, 2
c n ^ ^         p ^ ^     ^   n a a   y   o $ $353500000r0 d r
d a t f d t e s e   t   s & &   n 1818,0,00000        d     ,
h      e ---- w s t t e e      : :      r l r :t: c s
n : : , ,   d 
n'n't t s s :  : : l l n a/a/\c\s ?=?=|a|a++++::::   t   e
r ] ]   d     t o e e     , , a e i g t o t e g s   d     t o e e
s s s i n a !a! d s  h h  :t:    l 
u!u!! a a
x h n a d e s y ,h,/p/t t a p e.e..f.r.p./w/|a|o n'n't t e ,h,/p/t t : :


__



Don't listen to me.


I honestly believe the only truths that exist are discovered by people
between the ages of sixteen and twenty-four. After that it's downhill,
gone forever, all that teen energy lost in the fabrication of real-life
institutions harboring one forever. The adult world destroys insight,
theorizes endlessly, corrects and creates imagined wrongs, produces
hatreds and bureaucracies, rites and religions. Romeo and Juliet should
never have lived into adulthood; they are the first and last philosophers.  
We learn later on in life to disseminate, dissimulate, hem and haw, build
up layers of scar tissue covering our mistakes, as I've said before, we're
carved into the semblance of a human being. But the carving is monstrous,
the thickness of the tissue - which isn't layered as many popularly
believe - is cancerous and filled with harbingers of future death. There's 
no space for breathing, none for proper motion, we take medication only to 
prolong our misery. The follies of youth are the birth of the world, rock 
and rap head-bang the difficult meanderings of latter-day classical 
composers honored for their ripe old age. Contradiction comes only later 
in life; we're all born into clarity. Trust no one but yourself, preen, 
move hard against and into the world, write forever. We take your 
literature, call it stereotyped, sentimental, typical, mean, and turn it 
into illegible stylings of problematic language, questions that only 
answer themselves in the ugly dawn of old age. Hormonal fury drives all of 
us; the rest is substance, paste, obsequiously crawling from one religion 
or theory to another, desperately hanging on to the presumed final word, 
or else talking about the journey of life, which should have ended long 
ago. The elders lure the young into war and other disasters, while 
decrying gangs which threaten their own territory. Revolution and eternal 
questioning are the only truths, beaten out of the world, or forgotten, as 
one hurtles towards the fourth decade of life. Kill the messenger in 
yourselves; there's nothing more to deliver, not even at warp speed. The 
internet brings the same old thing; it's already past its prime. Gather 
elsewhere, go.


__



fourframenovafilm

http://www.asondheim.org/portal/nova.mov

this was witnessed by hundreds of thousands
analog and digital fucking each other
harbinger of asymptotic limits
twined ordinated and abcissas

i was walking around with it

it came into my machine

it produced it

it produced me


___


Chant: "My late husband" by Assassin


My late husband was killed during the Gulf war, and during the period of
My late husband was very wealthy and after his death, I inherited all his
My late husband was killed during the Gulf war, and during the period of
My late husband was very wealthy and after his death, I inherited all his
My late husband was killed during the Gulf war, and during the period of
My late husband was very wealthy and after his death, I inherited all his
My late husband was killed during the Gulf war, and during the period of
My late husband was very wealthy and after his death, I inherited all his
MY MINDate] exhibit Neglected Housewives
MY MINDsage 8 marked for Neglected Housewives
Come and play with mePrev
Come and play with me 
MY MINDeturned Neglected Housewives in My Area
MY MINDhere i stand among Neglected Housewives in My Area
And my late husband
My late husband


___


trip


now ill trip to make sense - in the midst
of my despair this even.

red rum & she was murdered. please peals
leaps pales:  sleep peels.

she'll shell: halls shall fail, waver: of
woven vows. "she vowed."

this momentum..

now i'll translate to make sense. in the middle
of an evening depression, which felt 'even.'

murder reverses the drinking of dark rum. etiquette
fales, perseveres, fades in transcendence. sleep awakens.

she'll work with machines, not in viking halls which already
disappear like so many ghosts. promises are woven in speech.

inertia drives the sounds, forcing them into words
and the semblance of meaning..


__


Short Reviews of Books I like after Incomprehensible Message


ELF ^A^A^A
ymtab
.strtab
.shstrtab
.text
.rel.text
.data
.rel.data
.bss
*GAS `reg' section*
*GAS `expr' section*

I've been thinking about two books that fascinate me - 

kari edwards, iduna, O Books, 2003
Nada Gordon & Gary Sullivan, Swoon, Granary, 2001

initial notes on the pda -

the two books - fieles within the virtual as well as delineations of 
desire 
intimacies formied by protocols within swoon first
in depth presence of digital community

the emotional flooding at the gates

kari in the midst of sea of concept and turmoil

ik k words graphically at crosspurposes

in g and s emotional flux

both Boons

bring daniesl raster - lebbeus woords - inti plau

Now onto it. Both books connect with virtual semantics; kari's overlays
are multitasking readwrites and interspersions; the references are rarely
to online per se; but underlie everything written; "'I have sex with open
impact cryptic numbers at play- / grounds, screaming out;'" [...]
"artificial arms and digital fault lines"  - the fault line between
faultline - 

While writing this the connection stuttering more than usual, quite more, 
I can't readwrite what I say - 

In Swoon, the huge and mur-key communication protocols modes portend the 
bodies of the initiates to the extent that embarrassment ensues across the 
modalities.

I wanted to mention David Daniels - all three of the works have underlying 
rasters.

Swoon might be the most important poetics work written at the hinge of the 
millennium; emotion fluxes through the filters of communicative 
strategies. There are numerous works dealing with online persona, 
psychology, psychoanalysis; there are almost none in which the culture 
manifests itself without description. Dibbell comes to mind slightly, 
almost evanescent, but that's a story within a MOO; Swoon's narrative is 
broken and open-ended. 

The two of them fiercely query each other, there are moments quite clearly 
written for eternity & the conceivable tablet, there are others that slip 
out often in despair or old relationships fissure/ reinscribe themselves.

There is absolutely nothing like this except and to a paler extent what 
millions are doing online right now or wish they were doing without such 
ability to reflect or cohere.

kari's work is more reflective, almost the non-intimacy of language 
gridding or obfuscations such as you might find in Dom Sylvester Houedard, 
but this is all arranged, arrayed. iduna writes through itself; unlike 
Swoon, there's no possibility of resolution, and the words chunk 
themselves through in a manner similar to the border language surrounding 
page centers which resounds early Clark Coolidge but more relevant, the 
languaging occurring through online writing and interferences sidetracking 
and tending elsewhere.

David Daniels - look up the work online - you will find language gridding 
carefully assembled through digital wording in yet another fashion - 
someone on television tonight used the Etch-a-Sketch for sportsplayer 
delineations - this is - this work is - simply brilliant, Daniels an 
original biography and portraiture, you must locate it.

How to locate these through bookfinder, amazon, google, abe, depending on 
the publication degree and appearance.

I see all of these works as harbingers of new semantics troubling the 
horizon, more than, say, the generative poetics or poetry which often 
reproduces what has already been accomplished in the static sphere.

A book I do want to mention with no relation to what has gone before -

Danna Scott's Boxing, The Complete Guide to Training and Fitness. I know 
Dana and her techniques are brilliant. From the back cover: "A licensed 
amateur and professional cornerperson who has been training amateur 
fighters for several years, she has worked in various boxing venues 
throughout the country including Madison Square Garden and has been 
featured on Lifetime Television and MSG sports." If you want to 
proactively learn about boxing, this book is it.

Still reading the official blender gamekit by Roosendaal and Wartmann, and 
strongly recommend this. As I mentioned before, it comes with ten games 
you can take apart, reassemble, etc. I've been using bits and pieces.

The Vimalakirti Sutra, translated as The Holy Teaching of Vimalakirti, by 
Robert A.F. Thurman. But is it holy? How does this term operate in 
Buddhism? 

And still with British romanticism, The Lake District, an anthology by 
Norman Nicholson, and The Grasmere Journals of Dorothy Wordsworth, edited 
by Pamela Woof. The latter's much more interesting than William's work, 
and the latter ties in psychogeography.

Anyway - perhaps sketching out a field here? which would be that of the 
structured body, the protocoled body whose expressive and somatic domain 
involves semantics filtered by the virtual.

I could go on; I've been thinking about this as intensely as I can. The 
boxing, Sutra, Words-worthy, are distractions. The farther afield...

"To create a fake user for an action, press SHIFT-F4."

I've failed you ...


___


misery of sex all


travelling island to where rhode i'll island show where work i'll at show
brown work university. at travelling brown to university.  rhode should
the i guns my everything? all with with the the sex guns and and should
everything? i sex all don't have guns.

"guns."

didn't the bring train them where up i'll but be will getting take off
train didn't be up getting but off will in to providence hope running
angell. hope and angell. in or providence angel. up i. i well, dry problem
i've is been i'm working having too a much dry with run. well, i've the
been problem working is too i'm much having pda even small-screen, image
even processing image on processing it. on the it. microscopic microscopic
pda imaginary.  guarantee i'll you guarantee can't you read can't this.
read this small.

images on are earth [0-9][0-9][0-9] can x you [0-9][0-9] do pixels. with
what that? earth images can are do x that? pixels. talk won't about
mention run which won't exist. mention i'll which my exist.  run nothing
against i anyone. have someday be published do famous. get anything i'll
get published there. and

travelling island to where rhode i'll island show where work i'll at show
brown work university. at travelling brown to university.  rhode should
the i guns my everything? all with with the the sex guns and and should
everything? i sex all don't have guns.

"guns."


___


getting it right ^ 


1968 was years ago ^ it's no longer 1968 ^ it's been decades since 1968 ^
screw 1968 ^ 1968 never happened ^ 1968 was decades ago ^ it's been years
since 1968 ^ it's not 1968 you know ^ nothing happened in 1968 ^ you can't
live in 1968 forever ^ 1968 was dead before it happened ^ 1968 never
happened ^ it was around 1965 ^ it was around 1970 ^ 1968 is long past ^
1968 happened about a year ^ no one remembers 1968 ^

stupid stupid thing crawling on the wall
if i had my druthers it wouldn't crawl at all

___

i.

http://www.asondheim.org/portal/.nikuko/ ff series
pda transformations, fast fourier, others

i'm tired of talking and am quite disturbed by my work

the applause of ovid that i have returned in metamorphosis

ii.

socrates and me are like this

iii.

i will do better in the future now that i am nonstandard


__


Emerald Bluing 

So this is what I've been doing
Reading about Opals ungluing.
If this were really the case.
In which case I'm off base.
In the world which is the case.
Closed with a clasp where she breathed her last.

Opal Whiteley Opal Has Whiteley BeenHas Memorial. Whiteley Check Memorial.
for Check Whats Whats NEW NEW with with Opal?  Opal? News News Research
Research onon Whiteley. Whiteley. Cover Cover of of Katherine Katherine
Becks Becks newnew book about book Opal. about The Opal. was the the
brightest brightest and and most most beloved beloved Who Who Was Was
PrincessPrincess Whiteley? 1915 In Opal 1915 was popularOpal teenager At
in the Oregon! young At age young 22 age Opal 22 teenager Opal, Chloe.
Chloe. The 1993 to to 2001. 2001. Read Read Memorial Memorial Updates.
Updates. MeetMeet Founder, Founder, Stephen Stephen Williamson.
Williamson. E-mail E-mail Explore World World Opal A

GuideMemorial. are to also places links Opal places lived lived her her
life. life. Fantastic Fantastic Tale Tale oldest oldest five five
children,children, Irene Whiteley born to Charles Edward Edward Whiteleys
Whiteley. HomeOpal Page.  Information

   Opal Whiteley Opal Whiteley Has Been
   Opal Whiteley Memorial. Check for Opal
   Whats NEW with Opal? News  Research on
   Opal Whiteley. Cover of Katherine Becks new
   book about Opal. The Opal Whiteley
   Opal Whiteley was the brightest and most beloved
   the Opal Whiteley Memorial. Who Was Princess
   Opal Whiteley? In 1915 Opal was the most popular
   teenager in Oregon! At the young age of 22 Opal
   Opal, Chloe. The Opal Whiteley Memorial. 1993 to
   2001. Read Opal Memorial News Updates. Meet
   Founder, Stephen Williamson. E-mail The Opal Whiteley
   Memorial. Explore the World of Opal Whiteley. A Guide
   are also links to places Opal Whiteley lived and about
   her life. The Fantastic Tale of Opal
   Opal Whiteley. The oldest of five children,
   Opal Irene Whiteley was born to Charles Edward
   Opal Whiteley. Opal Whiteleys Home
   Page. Information about Opal Whiteley

Damn it Opal who are you?
None of the books tell it true.
There are a lot of people who might have sued.
Some say later you were arrogant and rude.
You might have made it up from leaves that were strewed.
You used did and do in ways that seemed really screwed.
Nothing about you seems to make sense except you were unglued.
Somewhere along the line you were glued and then you grewed.

___
                             
                             
echo echo                            
                             
                             
"Thus "Thus spurned, spurned, she she lurks lurks in in the the woods,
woods, hides hides her her shamed shamed face face among among the the
foliage, foliage, and and lives lives from from that that time time on on
in in lonely lonely caves. caves. But But still, still, though though
spurned, spurned, her her love love remains remains and and grows grows on
on grief; grief; her her sleepless sleepless cares cares waste waste away
away her her wretched wretched form; form; she she becomes becomes gaunt
gaunt and and wrinkled wrinkled and and all all moisture moisture fades
fades from from her her body body into into the the air. air. Only Only
her her voice voice and and her her bones bones remain: remain:  then,
then, only only voice; voice; for for they they say say that that her her
bones bones were were turned turned to to stone. stone. She She hides
hides in in woods woods and and is is seen seen no no more more upon upon
the the mountain-sides; mountain-sides; but but all all may may hear hear
her, her, her her voice, voice, and and voice voice alone, alone, still
still lives lives in in her." her." (Ovid, (Ovid, Miller) Miller)
                             
vox vox tantum tantum atque atque ossa ossa supersunt: supersunt:
vox vox manet, manet, ossa ossa ferunt ferunt lapidis lapidis traxisse
traxisse figuram. figuram.
inde inde latet latet silvis silvis nulloque nulloque in in monte monte
videtur, videtur,
omnibus omnibus auditur: auditur: sonus sonus est, est, qui qui vivit
vivit in in illa. illa.
                             
but but why why hide hide in in order order to to avoid avoid videtur?
videtur? from from whence? whence? she she who who is is already already
absent? absent? perhaps perhaps is is no no more? more? perhaps perhaps
evanescent? evanescent?
                             
slowly slowly she she disappears; disappears; she she wastes. wastes. she
she is is almost almost there, there, almost almost absent. absent.
                             
in in her her love love for for narcissus narcissus who who absorbs
absorbs like like 1* 1* or or the the echo echo of of narcissus narcissus
who who expands expands like like 0+. 0+. Not Not to to mention mention
0*. 0*.
                             
but but not not to to arrive, arrive, remaining remaining within within
the the infinitesimal, infinitesimal, external external set. set.
the the invisible invisible diacritical diacritical demarcation.
demarcation. description description in in absence, absence, absent absent
description. description.
                             
the the differend. differend.                          
                             
@who @who @lastlog @lastlog                          
                             
@narcissus. @narcissus.                            


____


replacement

tiny nonstandard vowels where are they

but many consonants

consonants are "the building blocks of words"

words are "the building blocks of meaning"

"the building blocks of words are the building blocks of meaning"

therefore "consonants are the building blocks of meaning"

...................................
..................................,
....................................
...................................g
....................................
.....................................
.................................h
...................................r
................................h
....................................
..................................
..............................

.....t

...................

.........s

......................"

.....................

................................"

............................"


TThh ffrrsstt ddgghhttrr, TThh, wwllll ggrrww nntt ssccllrr qqllbbrrmm
wwtthh tthh UU ccrrttrr tt tthh ddgg ff tthh cc, xxpprrnngg ffrrsstt, tthh
ccrrttrr ttnnddnngg mmmm. ss ssttppppdd tthh ffrrsstt nndd wwnntt
tthhrrgghh ccppll ff ssllppllssss rrssdd, ssttrrppppnngg vvrryytthhnngg
bbrr bbttwwnn ss, mmyy ccnnssccssnnssss tthh ffrrsstt nnvvrr hhvv llvvdd
nntt ddlltthhdd;  tthhyy rr tthh ffrrsstt nndd llsstt pphhllsspphhrrss.
nnttmmccss ffrrmmdd bbyy pprrttccllss wwtthhnn sswwnn ffrrsstt TThh
ffrrnnddss ssdd ww wwrr ssrrpprrssdd yy llssttdd tthhss llnngg. tthhrr
ttwwssttdd mmllccll ffrrmm ccllxx, tthh llsstt ttkknn ffttrr tthh ddbbccll
nn nnvvrr hhvv llvvdd nntt ddlltthhdd; tthhyy rr tthh ffrrsstt nndd llsstt
pphhllsspphhrrss. CCllssdd wwtthh ccllsspp wwhhrr sshh bbrrtthhdd hhrr
llsstt. @wwhh @wwhh @llssttllgg @llssttllgg



___


Crown of Thorns and Love of God

at http://www.asondheim.org/portal

 Volume in drive C is HPNOTEBOOK
 Volume Serial Number is 709E-3C03
 Directory of C:\

11/15/2003  11:59 PM           135,168 crown1.exe
11/15/2003  11:27 PM           111,713 crown1.jpg
11/16/2003  12:03 AM           221,184 crown2.exe
11/15/2003  11:20 PM            76,968 crown2.jpg
11/16/2003  12:20 AM            69,632 crown3.exe
11/15/2003  11:21 PM           132,542 crown3.jpg
11/16/2003  12:34 AM           155,648 crown4.exe
11/15/2003  11:22 PM            57,909 crown4.jpg
11/16/2003  12:39 AM            98,304 crown5.exe
11/15/2003  11:23 PM            48,403 crown5.jpg
11/15/2003  11:29 PM           199,600 crown6.jpg
              11 File(s)      1,307,071 bytes
               0 Dir(s)   8,761,352,192 bytes free

I am on my way back to American belonging. I will belong to America.
I will revive America. I am on my way back to American reviving.


___


Our Quiet Lives...


This is the safety zone. Within these borders... Everything else outside - 
corruption, decay. This is safe for us. Love at the barricades. What 
happens outside the frame. The frame problem - not to adjust the real, but 
to keep it out. The problem with everything real.

Go through the works. Begin with the indices, directories. Locate 
similarities in format, style, enumeration, content, names and dates. Mark 
and re-mark them. Keep them for future reference. By virtue of the sign 
the body is not a sign. That is, culturally determined but obdurate 
nonetheless. You can see the body. You never see the sign.

Everywhere there are incompleted books for you to finish. My friends 
belong nowhere and have no badges. Lack of identity is the beginning of 
wisdom. Without signs... You might wander through the wrong door.

What I was going to say slips out, as the tongue moves. That is, it 
remains, as in 'remains of the day,' un-spoken. You can only imagine, and 
what you imagine is always right, write and written, within the borders. 
It's safe within the borders. They're here for the moment.

All these packets are enumerated, addressed, like the directories 
themselves. They're ordered so you can read and are comfortable that way. 
You can dissemble, forget. The addresses disappear forever. Even to save 
the words... within the protocols, the borders. The words are boarders and 
grow old. The truth of the pun is the pun of the truth. Truth slips out, a 
pun, my word, safe here.

The world is so unsafe, plasma, sun-spotted. We take these few moments and 
re-make the frame. My books, my films, the animations of my life, are 
within it. Nikuko is here and Jennifer is here, Travis is here and Julu is 
here, and Clara Hielo Internet, too. We are comfortable here, these names 
our names. We are here for you, part of you. You call us forth with this 
reading which is a writing as well. We pour into you. 

It's safe and warm here for human life. We are amazed that anyone still 
does good, does something unequivocal and calming. We are amazed these 
tiny spaces come forth in the midst of armageddon. They come forth and are 
quiet, are peaceful. They hold us in their arms, they sing to us softly. 
We cry quietly among the lullabies. We are at home, and we are up and down 
with the frame.


___



The Winds


Weather Conditions at 08:51 AM EST on 16 Nov 2003 for New York JFK, NY.
Temp(F)    Humidity(%)    Wind(mph)    Pressure(in)    Weather
