

shining upwards


the face in which epiphany is produced and which appeals to me, mirage
of breath, perhaps I am doing this for you, an epiphany. there is always
epiphany, talk, sleep, breath, 'a state of _phantasmic exaltation_ forms
the typical introduction of the organism from space, all breath and
exaltation.' the midst of the grasping, the organisms, saying, ending in
ellipsis ... and the exaltation of violence which makes a man, a man.
among those macroscopic moments of exaltation are emotions.

but it is this state, that of emotion and exaltation and perfect torture
and annihilation, the exaltation of love, ecriture feminin, that one ...
but the interior may be lifted into exaltation, this state, i have said to 
you, this state of the organism, this epiphany when worlds ...

a temporal detumescence or slackening - an order associated, if you will,
with an end, the resulting detumescence partaking of defuge, exhaustive
ennui, out of exhaustion, out of irritation murmur, grappling with itself,
an 'awkward' tumescence ...

in yourself is a mummy-metaphor, death and detumescence already foregone,
able, unnerved, a state of _frisson,_ semi-tumescence, i want great
portents ... to establish the bulwark ... - the first word, the slight
tumescence of the cloth, of burrowing.
 
swollen tumescences, convexities; meniscus lenses, sinusoidal meanderings:
relationships of to the dry decathecting in the bushido zone, and 
ennui, out of exhaustion and detumescence, out of irritation - and
ennui, out of exhaustion and detumescence, out of irritation murmur ...

and arousal, tumescence, distension, stretched or opened skin: upwelling
and arousal, tumescence, distension, stretched or opened skin: upwelling

detumescence of etiquette in the light of the body
and detumescence of the light

and exaltation and transcendence
and exaltation of the light 

audible
and audible

_


Subject: small homage in the tropics

http://www.asondheim.org/empire.jpg

small homage
in the tropics
connect


__


history.

history. history ftp pahistoricx.com ls -la .profile in history rm
.profile in history ls ftp pahistoricx.com rm .profile in history ls ftp
pahistoricx exit ls ls .b* h less .bashrc now less .profile in history ls
cd C:\program-files cd .. dir p* ls p** exit in history exit h ls exit
exit pwd cd fsf ls edit .bashrc rm .profile in history ls now s ls cd
/image ls wc historic ftp pahistoricx exit pwd tail historic grep
transubstantiate * > C:\historiography cd .. more historiography ls exit
exit ftp pahistoricx exit man xpm lcd image cd image ftp pahistoricx.com p
xit exit h now p now p now p now f exit


_


Essential software for Windows - for codework/'experimental' work/ etc.



Yesterday we were at the LinuxWorld convention; at the Free Software 
Foundation booth I bought Dan Hagerty, Melissa Weisshaus, and Eli 
Zaretskii, Gnu Software for MS-Windows and MS-DOS. This book, published in 
2001, contains a cdrom developed for MS-Windows up through NT. I asked if 
the software would work on WinXP; the people at the booth didn't know.

Well, it does. It works for Win3.0 up through current. And it's amazing - 
a close-to-full suite of linux commands that works in Windows. This isn't 
linux; it's a port. Commands and programs include emacs, fold, cut, od, 
split, csplit, mv, cp, ls, grep, sed, awk, egrep, gawk, cat, tac, a 
version of vi, gimp, etc. Two shells are also included; I'm using bash in 
Windows! There is enough material here for a full programming and text 
writing/development environment. It's incredible - something I've been 
looking for, for a long time. If you are working with codework, writing 
experimental work, I think these programs are essential.

There are some tricks - if you do install, back-channel me, and I can tell 
you how, for example, to configure bash (which you'll want to do). 

I'm now working on a selection of my work for publication; the following 
was done entirely in the DOS shell.

Some other packages - mutt, shutdown (it works, and weirdly!), chmod,
chown, chgrp, Groff, RCS, man, make, more, less, shell utilities, TEX, 
head, tail, uniq, DJGPP/GCC (compiler) and other programming tools.
(All the flags work too.)

Again - these are unix/linux commands that run in the terminal window of 
windows _without_ changing the operating system or isolating a directory. 
I can type 'shell' (thanks to a shell.bat I set up) anywhere in Windows 
and go immediately to a linux shell emulation. The result of all of this - 
I can work back and forth between my linux desktop and my WinXP OS without 
changing formats, etc.

The book and disk costs $35 - well worth it. 


