

Third


It's so much later in the evening and I'm trying to decide what to take
to the Brown mini-conf. I'm on the 3rd book of Journey to the West, but I
might leave that in favor of the I Ching, which I want to look at in
depth (re: Legge's version, not Wilhelm's). We found more free books
today including the poems of Gershom Scholem, Ahmed Rassim's The Little
Bookseller Oustaz Ali, poems by Neruda, photos of CBGB etc. in blank
generation revisited, the early days of punk rock, Gabriel Levin's
Hezekiah's Tunnel, a quite old Chinese bowl as well. I don't understand
and I so want to. It is February 14 2004 and I am utterly drained. This
afternoon I rose from a nap feeling ill again. This happens all too
often. After the mini-conf. I will return to the doctors. Again and
again. In Kurosawa's dreams, there are journeys through the wood. I want
to return to Japan. The Economist Pocket series World in Figures doesn't
cover all the countries. That's an error. The shakuhachi is still within
the trumpet case. My headache is getting worse again. I need codeine. The
laptop now has 768 megabytes of RAM and runs considerably faster. I'll
take the Zaurus with the two UML (universal modeling language)
applications. I can work on the real and codework simultaneously,
diagramming my thoughts. I am using sequencing and database diagrams. I
will bring the Cybertext Yearbook almost definitely. But then it may not
be necessary. I may bring the Chomsky. Chances are yes, it will be the 
Chomsky. Sat Feb 14 21:12:26 EST 2004


___


Sentence Found Error - Could Not Find Sentence


This is the text from which Code@C extracted "Welch leads Houston Ballet
with unequaled perfection A Dance in the Garden of Mirth incorporated
classical technique, athleticism and just the slightest touch of light-
heartedness."

Code@C did not find the sentence (or fragment), so the text's authors seem
to have changed the text since we crawled it, or prevented us from using a
proxy.

Try this direct link to this page instead.

All contents of this page are copyrights of their respective owners. An
Error Occurred 404 Not Found was Found.


___



	Ich bin ein unsymbolisch Ding
	bedeute was ich bin
	du drehst umsonst den Zauberring
	ich habe keinen Sinn.

	( I am an unsymbolic thing
	  What I am I mean
	  you turn the magic ring in vain
	  there is no sense to me. )


	( from Gruss vom Angelus, Gershom Scholem,
          trans. Sieburth )


	_


	anguish

	
	what to do
	i'm a dirty Jew



	_


Jews and Jewels


diary.txt:and decon, Nikuko's bones glistening like an articulated and j
filmvid.txt:liquifies in the realm of jewels and genders, disappears. Th
intrview.txt:of signs reverberated through the jewelled colorations almo
c.txt:every turn of the subject, movement producing jewels. The images a
c.txt:the ceiling or corner of the room, the whirl of symbols like jewel
c.txt:Disturbance of Body in cybermind, cock jewel, shaft of braided gol
c.txt:A sword, jewelled sheath, 
c.txt:strange jewels, setting her with stones and metals, until she is i
c.txt:Glittering jewels, monstrance, chalice, simultaneous profusion and
cancer.txt:deaths, jews, mothers
e.txt:shed be killed now. medeas the jew, the argonauts slammed into the
e.txt:barbarian-mediterranean, fuck her jewish origins. splinters, gutte
echo.txt:And then I would come out of the cave to see the jeweled orname
echo.txt:earth, and these would be the jewels to be caressed, the magata
echo.txt:And then I would come out of the cave to see the jeweled orname
echo.txt:earth, and these would be the jewels to be caressed, the magata
echo.txt:came out to greet them. He was carrying a magatama (i.e. curved
hh:blood from zoo fell fresh with dew your hole i'm jew
i.txt:Europe fragments into Medea's costume jewelry? this isn't caw caw 
i.txt:  Medea's costume jewelry: _precisely_ because it wasn't 
i.txt:into the water like a jewel in the ring of my lover walked through
ii:"Truly do we know that a mirror was hung up, that jewels were spat ou
jo:anied by record-keeping; everything takes on purport among the jewelr
jo:The trifles, like jewels, lay before your flesh, enfolded into portal
jq:entity._ Boundary-layers, in fact, jeweled facets - everything measur
jq:appearance of a _bounded entity._ Boundary-layers, in fact, jeweled f
jq:fact, jeweled facets suck - sexthing measured against your perfect sc
jr:borders, phenomenological 'world of the text' ruptures, opening jewel
jt:Across the jeweled sandals glittered as lost rings in the sands,
jt:note, memorandum, spike, or jewel, magnet, or rock, luminous sphere. 
ju:comp.sys.psion  soc.culture.jewish  rec.pets.cats  alt.fan.dirtywhore
ju:penis.sys.psion  tit.culture.jewish  wreck.pets.cats  lust.fan.dirtyw
ju:brilliant jewels of the tourmaline imaginary. 
ju:jennifer's wumb un the muve thruugh julu; jewel-julu mirrurs bluud-du
jv:juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#you write you name on me like you write
jv:juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#hunger-wire-me like case-scrawl drive-
jv:juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#scrawl ribbon-scrawl diode-scrawl rom-
jv:juljeweljennwriteyounameonme!#scrawl ram-scrawl ram-jen-julu-scrawl,
jw:On machine, I have play xjewel, xtrojka, hangman, pinball, solitaire,
jw:I do eliminate xjewel from repertoire, nervous await xtrojka as next-
kd:the magatama jewel, curved like liver like tear like conch
kd:along with the rest of my jewels, so like liver like tear like conch
kd:for the jewel-cushion, Yasaka-jewels, you would've heard of them!
kd:medieval. You will not believe the lovely jewels, curved, bitten in
kd:in which I am a magatama jewel. Now you will bite me in three places,
kd:stream hampered by something or other, and we've got these jewels.
ke:yama) they hung a mirror and jewels and the blue and white soft hempe
ke:white and the curved magatama jewels, so be it.
kg:The magatama jewel around my neck, protect me against the other signs
kg:televisions, rice-cookers, and radios. I note there are no magatama j
kh:Buddha on my back, the curved-jewel magatama on my front; thus the
kh:Magatama, curved jewel, one of the sacred gifts from the gods in Shin
kh:Sundered legs of bending magatama jewel so it can't walk
kh:jewels eight feet [long], - of five hundred jewels, - and taking and 
ki:has a net decorated with a bright jewel on each knot of the mesh. Eac
ki:jewel thus reflects all the other jewels into infinity. Reminiscent o
ki:jewel; my ecstatic flesh opens into, mirrors the surrounding world of
ki:In other words, the text is also a jewel, although I'd rather say, in
ki:		flowers, trees, ornaments, the jewel, the sword,
kk:directions seated on lion king thrones under jewel trees did the same
kn:And then I would come out of the cave to see the jeweled ornaments be
kn:earth, and these would be the jewels to be caressed, the magatima I a
kn:And then I would come out of the cave to see the jeweled ornaments be
kn:earth, and these would be the jewels to be caressed, the magatima I a
ko:Let< >us< >say< >Yin< >here< >or< >compassionate< >curved< >jewel
kp:holds their breath! Your self-hatred fogs the mirror, breaks the jewe
kq:here, the sword which cuts, curved jewel of compassion; i'd settle fo
kq:5: says 'if the jew did not exist, the anti-semite would invent
kq:7: that she is an invention of the jew, alan, la-la la-la, and
kv:jerk jerky jerry jersey jess jest jet jetliner jettison jewel jewelry
kv:ging of the jewel of talent. or the righteous suppression of the medi
kw:this message says i hate jews.
kw:hand, coupled with magatama, the curved jewel in the hand which makes
kw:of rain, a combination of jewels beneath ancient double-arches, headi
kz:   a jewel, a bead of foam --
lb:jeweler sells jewelry. The baker makes bread. The milkman delivers mi
lc:self to me. "Several other jewels were created from other parts of Ba
lc:jewel