
lc:among my jews, collaboration
lc:first, regarding her. Clar thinks of them as jeweled tips, the nubs
lc:of Nikuko, Clar says, and I am welcome to that, regarding her, her je
lc:back-hoes perfect red-brown blood against perfect jeweled cosmos, riv
lc:Decoupled Nikuko's arms, writing for Clar, her perfect blue jeweled n
lc:Nikuko's bones, finally, without the marrow, the perfect blue jewels 
lc:him, her bones clear through to the blue-jeweled nubbed and marrowles
lc:Nikuko's space, Nikuko-space, nubbed blue-jeweled lights in Nikuko's
lc:regarding her, the jewels necklaced around her broken throat. Regardi
lc:The jewels watched her, carefully
lc:the text was at the blue-jewel-nub of exhaustion. In any case, I'm su
le:{k:131}her bones glistening like articulated and jeweled panties on m
lf:When I was telling this story, the rabbi [jewish] asked, "But why wer
lf:said, "By what authority do you speak? For you seem to be jewish by c
lg:cracked-shell, outward business jewel dog country queen woman back ni
lh:came out to greet them. He was carrying a magatama (i.e. curved jewel
lk:deaths, jews, mothers
ll:not be beside the dust of the jeweled skull. It will be nowhere aroun
ll:be connected in any way to the curved jewels. It will have no relatio
lm:30 of that which the glistened jewel
lm:40 the curved jewel
lm:50 the glittered green and redding jewel
lm:30 of that which the glistened jewel
lm:40 the curved jewel
lm:50 the glittered green and redding jewel
lm:30 of that which the glistened jewel
lm:40 the curved jewel
lm:50 the glittered green and redding jewel
lm:19 78 43 and reflect reflect of her curved jewel
lm:29 83 screaming as the curved jewel enters us
lm:30 of that which the glistened jewel
lm:40 the curved jewel
lm:40 the curved jewel
lm:50 the glittered green and redding jewel
lm:61 40 the curved jewel
lm:72 61 of the curved and difficult jewel
lm:73 61 of the curved jewel
lm:83 curved jewel entering both of us, we're screaming
lm:99 40 73 61 of the curved jewel, be, we're screaming
lm:1 beyond the curved jewel of no regard, 2 beyond these matters, carin
lm:and palisades, all of them, 28 to the sheen of jewels curved of no re
lm:demons - and palisades, all of them, to the sheen of jewels curved of
lm:the curved jewel - beyond these matters, carving stone by stone - clo
lo:and then I built a palace of curved jewels and gold and swords and ce
lo:did I mention the doors, they were made from cedar and curved jewels 
lo:me. And I built a palace of curved jewels and gold and swords and ced
ls:^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ jewel in your clothing
lt:the largest on earth, will be bursting with blacks, jews, atheists, a
lt:he's a jew, I'm not! I can't even recognize myself in his murderous f
lt:vote for him! They're probably fucking jews! arabs! blacks! He'll rob
ly:	     failurs; he givs them to oriental country and ordrs poor jews
lz:himalayan art, tantra of the great liberation, the jew in the text,
mc:the jews are everyone's problem, you can
mj:jews are coming, the jews are going, i tasted all the protocols, i sa
mj:with my running feet, i dream you jews, i dream you women, i dream yo
mj:on the radio, i touched it on the television, i tasted every jew in s
mj:i smelled each and every woman, blood is filth and pain, jews are fil
mj:the danger -:everywhere, they're killing children, jews need young an
mj:book, they're eaten by the jews, i smelled it on the television, i to
mj:more and always odd, die beneath the stones, jews, you're eating chil
mj:flesh, all women are filthy, all women are unclean, jewish men bleed 
mj:jews are eating children again; seclude the children and the women, t
mj:she's filthy as the filthy jews, they're tying up women, they're tyin
mm:headed out to greet them. He was carrying a magatama (i.e. curved jew
mo:jewels the and edges, flowers, the glorious margins, maidens, of virg
mo:any handsome things, young jewels men, and which flowers, flourish
mq:they're to too write painful. about jews. discussions, you they're no
mq:been been there, there, you're arab all jewish walk friends. first we
mq:in all my racists. shoes walk then first arab in and my jewish shoes
mq:an extended family scattered across small town kingston. jews chanuka
mq:small town of kingston. when you were young, there were jews and chan
ms:systematic we camp are inversion, all who jews, is cannot who
ms:all jews, we cannot differentiate, who is enemy, who is friend, the r
ms:diaspora, camp beneath inversion, sign we terror, are all who jews, i
ms:diaspora, camp beneath inversion, sign we terror, are all who jews, i
my:   series of "ha's" by thrusting her jeweled
my:   elaborate series of "ha's" by thrusting her jeweled
my:   elaborate series of "ha's" by thrusting her jeweled
my:   jewels at ... Roman slave who connives The following interview wit
n.txt:Zarathustra, must have appeared jeweled and ice itself. From one p
n.txt:from me jews don't have heavens or hells, we're just confused abou
nd:       !nzrt            jeanpaul         o jewel            jewel    
nd:     o jewel         o julua  o    k                 :   l+         o
net11.txt:fear american whiteboy jewboy in the midst of Vietnam and I co
net14.txt:They look like jewelry, and I kidded her about earrings. But s
net3.txt:the rims of my body, faint jewels gleam as the coagulation of
nf:	Be+ ABU.YA -/ENANNUound objew NMR LK gonee
ng:jew bird. avrahm doesn't live here any more. there are always other
nh:my jewish back is against the wall
nh:it is not a.d., it is c.e., my jewish back is against the wall.
nj:warsaw hh ii warsaw > jew warsaw jew warsaw ?? leipzig pico third.de 
nj:third.de warsaw third.de cp third.de thir.de ed jew warsaw jew cat je
nj:third.de warsaw third.de cat jew >> thir.de warsaw thir.de warsaw jew
o.txt:shines with the wryting of sheep, goats, grain, rice, papyrus, jew
oldaba.txt:among my jews, collaboration
para.txt:Buddha on my back, the curved-jewel magatama on my front; thus 
parable.txt:came out to greet them. He was carrying a magatama (i.e. cur
q.txt:react. The wires pierced the body, the jewels pierced or did not p
r.txt:Which _expels_ the abject, blood, woman, other, jew, gypsy: _Capit
s.txt:simplicity of a _magnifying glass_ - they had jewels in Greece and
zz.txt:Jews and Jewels
diary.txt:two days that could have been avoided, one, a Chassidic Jew wi
diary.txt:great - it was like a return to the old liberal Black/Jewish c
diary2.txt:original 23 Jews who settled in New York; they were Portugues
diary3.txt:Thu Dec 30 22:59:06 EST 1999 received a book on Jewish alchem
diary3.txt:Lucy Dawidowicz, The Jewish Presence, Essays on Identity and 
diary3.txt:went to the Jewish Museum to see a show on Berlin modernism a
diary3.txt:on and off (he fascinates me - was Jewish, mentions swastika 
a.txt:who have to protect people like you! I didn't think they allowed J
an:The Jews rule the world-wide media and own 73% of the Internet!
ap:Passing as a Jew - Net7.txt
book2:les or the examples of individuals, Jews.)
cancer.txt:roots, and fruit." (Jesus, Slavonic version of Jewish War,
cancer.txt:translated G. A. Williamson, Josephus, The Jewish War.)
cancer.txt:my Outcast State, From there to Fly so Blindly in Your Mind, 
cancer.txt:From there to Fly so Blindly in Your Mind, Your Jewel Gives t
dd:drills the hole. Superman cuts the skin. He bleeds like the Jews, men
e.txt:seriously, even where Jews seemed a threat. I sought cultural exil
e.txt:We are all Jews
e.txt:How did Jews slither out from under the Maw of the Stalinist beast
e.txt:Lukacs writes to and from Bloch, Buber, Balazs, Lask, other Jews, 
e.txt:deep to this day; Derrida, a Jew, is another guide. Marx himself, 
e.txt:and so many of the Hegelians concerned themselves with the "Jewish
e.txt:the step-to-be-taken, the other as Jew? What do I miss in all thes
e.txt:I believe Stalinism was born in the performative of the "Jewish Qu
e.txt:tinuous, are "of a sort," not the Jewish Question, but the _raison
e.txt:its continuous appearance, the eternal Jew through Lyotard, hir em
e.txt:them." The belief of the Jews problematizes belief, just as the fe
e.txt:hatred in return (see Gilman, Jewish Self-Hatred, Zipes, The Opera
e.txt:Jew), in return for the lesson we've learned, that _listening_ is 
echo.txt:to a Nihilist meeting, where we will discuss the Crimea and the
ee:Jews. And there are no Christians either, and no Mondays, and no Mond
f.txt:were the Jews repeatedly chastised for their complicity? 
g.txt:the "truth about the Jews" or the "Jewish question" (which Jews ha
j.txt:that constructs a legacy of hatred, the Jews representing the _sta
j.txt:the birth in the body (and the crooked hook-nosed Jew leaves the l
j.txt:sainthood - and what would the Jew be, but a reminder, much as the
j.txt:impossibility of the Jew - which the _signifier_ of the Jew _is._
j.txt:fumbled, German yes, but weren't they, it was like a Jew calling k
j.txt:he'd loved the Jews, yes, slavered over them, like Lyotard or brot
j.txt:His asshole whimpered and he knew he was a woman and a Jew. Nietzs
j.txt:His sister the Jew spoke to him, spittle. She says: .org. His body
j.txt:drills the hole. Superman cuts the skin. He bleeds like the Jews, 
jm:the Arab, the Saracen, the Moor, the Jew, the Blackamoor - you do not
jm:places. I have the right to be, at the same time, Christian, Moslem, 
jq:So I say, we can't measure our ancestors: Jewish, I'm cut off, cauter
js:Jew for an eye examination - too dangerous. The less evident the flui
jt:side, any other side; I'm trapped in my Jewishness (whiteness? take y
jt:Jew-Lu, Jewesh, Lugal - great man or king, Sumerian
jt:Jewels - the _family jeles_ and the asociated complexes
ju:Susan-Travis fingers grow thin with longing; Jews, they just aren't
jw:alljthOsejJeweLsjhiddeNjinjsMalljtOwnSjaCrOsSjAmerica,
jw:JeweLsjfalljlIkEj(stolEnjkIngs!)jrEignjhERE:
jx:rush as I blow up Jew-Me, carry every arm and leg through window. I w
jy:Wedekind), Jew-Lew, JuLu/Gal, Jewel, pheromoaning the cup the contain
k1.txt:Do you like forbidden pleasure? Jewel-Lotus-Magatama-Pleasure?
kd:Do you like forbidden pleasure? Jewel-Lotus-Magatama-Pleasure?
kg:Forest; as a Jew, I have not visitied; I am sick with worry; philosop
kl:Celine is a special case, Jewish Gravel Standing Upright on the Penin
kt:     are smashed into that Jewish face
ku:the Jewish Question. And I do believe in my heart of hearts that I am
kv:Jew
la:her][my my]. Trajectories meander, return across surfaces, just like 
la:Jew, antisemitism digging deeper. I think Svengali's mental. Shape-ri
ld:Communique: The best Jews, those who are celebrated in world history,
ld:Report: I'm alive and well; there are no Jews in Traveller's Linux.
le:Jews!
lg:Ten waters will not cleanse you of Jewish talk.
lg:When a Jew is right, that's when he gets a right good beating."
lj:roots, and fruit." (Jesus, Slavonic version of Jewish War,
lj:translated G. A. Williamson, Josephus, The Jewish War.)
ll:my Outcast State, From there to Fly so Blindly in Your Mind, Your Jew
ll:From there to Fly so Blindly in Your Mind, Your Jewel Gives to Me A F
ll:clitoris = Jud / Jew in Freud's Vienna - masturbation = playing with 
ll:Jew - the Jew buried deep within Jennifer's clitoris - as if a _smock
ll:scanned body - mired, abject - dirty filthy Jew - down _there_ - the 
ll:legs - hands around the _neck_ - look to the Jew - 
ll:cut or buried within the labia, secret surroundings of the Jew - the 
ll:look to the Jew - crafty, running the street (?) - the money in the l
ll:- soft enfolding flesh of the Jew - rubbing the Jew - rubbing Jennife
ll:around, the Jew is _there_ - the source of your hidden pleasure - to 
ll:taken - then, how could anyone want to be born a Jew? -
ll:Jewish Self-Hatred: Anti-Semitism and the Hidden Language of Jews; 
lo:j.txt:drills the hole. Superman cuts the skin. He bleeds like the Jew
lp:Oppression doesn't appear for me; in life, yes - in terms of being a 
mc:They might as well be Jews, might as well be Arabs, might as well be 
md:	positioning ourselves equally towards both Arab and Jew
mf:the Pope, no organized emanation _<rayonnement>_ of Jewish, Christian
mh:Name=Gopher_Jewels
mh:Path=1/siemsen/Gopher_Jewels
mh:Name=Gopher-Jewels
mh:Path=1/Other_Gophers_and_Information_Resources/Gopher-Jewels
mp:Jewish Jewish will occur major major cities. European Anti-Arab citie
mp:blinded.. UnitedStatesMedina.Anti-ArabJewish.European
mp:Christians back 2000 over years, 2000 in years, which Jewish Christia
mw:Export the Arabs! The Jews!
mw:cancer.txt:roots, and fruit." (Jesus, Slavonic version of Jewish War,
mw:lj:roots, and fruit." (Jesus, Slavonic version of Jewish War,
ne:   CONCEPT. 1. When Jesus Christ said: I AM GOD, Jews misunderstood
ne:   FOR I AM GOD. FOR I AM GOD. Jews! Pride is sin And you are not my
ne:			Jews! is And is Jews!
net10.txt:cough burns in my murdered Jewish throat. Footsteps echo down 
net10.txt:rattle shut, everyone is suspicious. It's the Jews again, the 
net10.txt:work. The Jews are burned out in the Great Fire, London up in 
net11.txt:Jew, I have bought and sold each and every child, praying for 
net11.txt:Male, I crush Jew and Muslim, sissy-men all
net11.txt:White, I kill the Jew in every one of us, the dirty dung-heap 
net11.txt:Jew, I want to fuck your wives and daughters, steal your money
net11.txt:Straight, I see how Jews pervert the idea of sex, Christ, and
net11.txt:cleanliness, Jewish doctors spreading AIDS riding the world of
net11.txt:Jew, you will see my power in your papers films and radio prog
net11.txt:Jew, I have a secret to tell you: There was no Holocaust! You 
net14.txt:state, bloated with power - ever since I found out, about taki
net14.txt:The surgical and anatomical examination of Jews subjected to a
net4.txt:non-believing Jew exiled from the habitus of the Amsterdam syna
net7.txt:What does it mean to write-as-a-Jew in Cyberspace? This is not 
net7.txt:speak of Jews in Cyberspace (the title of a recent article) or 
net7.txt:menstruation of Jewish men. Has our ethnicity always been one o
net7.txt:God's Word affixed from the crown of Christ to the arm of the J
net7.txt:According to Gilman, to write, for the Jew, has often been to w
net7.txt:_hidden_ legacy; now Jews are assumed assimilated, hiding their
net7.txt:themselves. Here in Brooklyn there is a group which considers J
net7.txt:like a virus, blaming Jews for everything, including the loss o
net7.txt:Needless to say, the commingling, by both left and right, of Je
net7.txt:Jew_ is overlooked in order to reorganize us as _those people,_
net7.txt:So I insist on writing-as-a-Jew which occurs within a lateral e
net7.txt:best; I am told one can always recognize a Jew. 
net7.txt:or coded queer advertising or Jewish denial? In the real world 
net7.txt:So granted I write-as-a-Jew, write laterally, from the position
net7.txt:(the _Jewish_ Freud), so is theorizing: This is the _pornograph
net7.txt:It is not true that if the Jews did not exist, that Europe woul
net7.txt:[1] One condemns even Sartre, *Anti-Semite and Jew*: "I am awar
net7.txt:the Jew seems his worst enemy." At this rate, Levinas and I are
net9.txt:tender journey on company scrip. (Without the word of the Jew, 
net9.txt:would occur. One keeps the Jews alive in order that existence c
net9.txt:might. But the word of the Jew must never be allowed to harden;
net9.txt:without the Jew, whose words dissolve everything.)
ni:His asshole whimpered and he knew he was a woman and a Jew. nietzsche
nk:	i'm a dirty Jew
p.txt:believed in Satan and Clara was a Jew who believed in little. And 
play.txt:Jews!


__


New Media Bytes the Dust (talk notes)


New Media Bytes the Dust - Dust as radiation/infiltration - nanodust -
 dust as nomadic, unclean, wandering -

We're producing an ENTIRELY NEW LITERATURE HERE - that extends beyond
 any particular MEDIUM.

Codework DEVOURS traditional media, re/presenting their abject, the alleys 
 of consciousness that inhabit and re/produce them.

I write of program RESIDUE - but in fact all of us are RESIDUE and the 
 programs as well. I speak of PLASMA: the ANNIHILATION of RESIDUE, 
 annihilation of programs.

I speak of REWRITE: the continuous REWRITING and RECUPERATING of the 
 UNIVERSE through INSCRIPTION.  NON-ORGANISMS NEED NOT APPLY.

If you're TIRED of CODEWORK, you have to learn how to READ all over again.


<the rest follows from previously emailed theoretical discussion>


___


@touch


Text from Brown University E-Fest conf. performance - thanks to Talan
Memmott, Bob Coover and everyone -


@touch
@touch radio radio
americanempire americanempire
yoyu have to imagine this really really loud
well it was when we set up but right now it's not so 
loud
this should be almost deafening.
this should be about trhe american empire
we're playing and singing aboutt rock and rockk
you canj hyardly hear this something more
meditative
wellm, this is a mess already.
i was really prepared for this although i'm feeling sick

hyonestly this was going tob e the best thing i evert did
you would have remembered it and told you friends,
wow alan really soared tonight, it was incredible in fact i never
saw something so wonderul and instread he did this mess...;
he couldn't control antying, 
look the girl even stopped singing and those other people
seem a bit lost, they're just running around.... so

what cann i do to salvage this, get rid of the rock maybe
music's an easy way out - this is the end of empire,
this is the end of empire movie, the last empire movie,
the music brings it home, it's all over -
i keep thinking that these words should MEAN something,
already I notice that something's lost in the translation

here is europe in 1915, just before the war, wait a minut,
it's coming upyou can see
everyone is just waiting for the war to begin
they're sure it's coming so they're going honestly to the beach
for the last time, they figure they'll go to the beach
after the war again,
and they honestly hope it will be a short war so they can go soon
to the beach where they will swim and froilic

this is the swimming and frolicing at the beach scene
in three dimensions, it's really the best way to see it
(it's almost as if youi could run around them and
see them from all sides!!!!)

that's the magic of the computer screen, honestly!

IT"S DIGITAL POETRY!!!!!!!!

wewll, ok.... i want things to happen
i want things to happen so fast that you will just
look and they will have already happened and you will
have been there - that was a bit of sumerian
in case you wondered, the dinger mes - moving towards the ultimate
giving of rhyme

i dreamed of the ocean of 1915, when my father was close to being born
or just was born, and this must have been what it was like
now we're entering another period, you know that better than i do,
when we have to fear the fascists in our own country
when that's all we've got left is fear and the hope that the elections
won't be mutilated by a coup d'etat this time just before
the elections, not even waiting until they're over,
i mean the people uselessly voting like in some other 'impoverished'
country of our dreams

theres a dancer i work with from time to time
he's swiss
which means he's from switzerland
which isn't the same as 'sweden' wlel you may ask
what does this have to do with anything

in his work he emphasizes the labor of the bodey,
which appears - well you cxan think of it this way
there are two bodies, there's the virtual body of dance
and there's the real body of the dancer and he works with the latter,
his peices dangerous and stopping and stopping

he tried to do this in new york city

what was I saying
oh yes, of the national archives in new york city
and they were lit by the fires which he tried to put out
by his furious dancing under the stars.

it was the tao
it was the other tao
there are two of them that almost do the same thing
like a rhyme or a upon that derails the nusery rhyme

i can't spell any more

honest, i'm feeling sick

do yoyu want to see two ballloons on a ceiling? i'm sure you do....

there they are - can you take FOUR minutes of two ballons?
one way to think of it is

look at ONE Balloon for TWO minutges
and the OTHER balloon for TWO minutes

or (my favorite!!!!!) forget ONE OF THE BALLOOOSN altogether!

well enough of that.
the point of this is that this kind of work MATTERS
and it carries its own meaning and POLITICS and we should get out
and vote and this time if we lose we should fucking take to the street.

thank you



__



	
	your blond heart heaves your blond hair



	__


   I Killed Jesus Fucking Christ!


   false       
   &pi=           true Jesus fucking
   Christ, you people are sad. (Motherhead)   /  /  ,
     :  . Jesus fucking Christ, you people are
   sad.(Nick C.)   /  /  ,   :  . ...
   &pi=           true RE: Jesus fucking
   Christ, you people are sad. TAFKAM.   /  /  ,   :  . ...
   (Motherhead)   /  /  ,   :  . Jesus fucking
   Christ, you people are sad. ...
   Related Links. Slitwristss Diary. Jesus fucking
   christ. Jesus fucking
   christ |    comments (   topical,   editorial,   hidden) |
      k true next entry: YAYNESS AGAiN! JESUS
   FUCKiNG CHRiST, September.  .    . Listening to:
   Mighty Mighty Bosstones I fucking hate him. ...
   JESUS FUCKiNG CHRiST. YAYNESS!! ...
   true Jesus Fucking Christ! Bibleman is.
   Jesus Fucking Christ! Bibleman is my God Damn
   Hero! March   ,      | Permalink. TrackBack. TrackBack ...
    k true Jesus Fucking Christ! Bibleman is.
   Jesus Fucking Christ! Bibleman is my God Damn
   Hero! March   ,      | Permalink. TrackBack. TrackBack ...
   jesus fucking christ   . MEMBER. COMMENT.
   deBreard. Comments:    . Member since: Jan   . Location:
   Washington, DC. Jan   ,        :   PM. ...
   August   ,     . Jesus Fucking Christ!
   Okay, this has got to be the most blatantly pre-staged,
   self-serving, propagandistic photo-op in the history of mankind:
   from the time I pointed them out till the time she dropped
   me off back home. Jesus fucking Christ. -
   xxx-entertainment.com. Jesus Fucking Christ!  .         at
   Jesus Fucking Christ! I killed Jesus Fucking Christ!


   _


   inside my brain


   my=brain==february