

thinking nothing


this is the landscape in my mind, muted reflectance of the rest 
of the world, i am bodiless, i am darkling between the waters, 
darkling among the trees, there are organisms about, there are 
organisms among the images, between the trees, among the waters, 
it's where exhaustion occurs, the hypnagogic takes over, i think 
darkling of the travels of mandeville or the writings of walter 
cooper dendy on the philosophy of mystery, or those maps of 
northern canada, the names giving out, nothing where coastline 
or ocean might be, whiteness of ice and the screening of dreams, 
thinking of the imaginary world as our gestural logic, filling 
in against the evidence of photographic silvers leaching onto 
the surface of the representation, the resonance of the real and 
the uncanny of the symbolic, there they are, here they were, of 
forms is no singing, no murmurs but molecular flows, look, there 
was the sun, so dark, and almost darkling, we've got a blizzard

and in the geographical whitespace center there are unimaginable 
occurrences just behind the whitespace of the eyes

i'm fascinated by the white nothing in the image centers, 
reminded of 19th-century maps of the canadian north, where 
nothing was filled in, and land and sea impossible in the 
details; this is also the imaginary of the dream, or lacan's 
imaginary, or the placelessness of the hypnagogic, or the threat 
of the abject in the real, but now -

i am not of this world. i am of the avian kind, caught in branch 
phenomena utterly foreign to me. i am imperfect starling. also i 
am ice.

i run the statistics panel in the center of the image. it 
parameterizes the image, gives it coherence, processing values. 
it's the pulse of the image. also it's the breath.

now i cannot breathe, there are too many wonderful things to 
say. i will listen to you if you speak clearly. i am an avatar 
caught in ice. also i am caught in prims and meshes.

somewhere in the video, i'm certain, a ghost lurks, but where? 
between the frames? in the virtual worlds i conjured up, in 
order to make the piece, and which remain inactive until i enter 
them again? in the soul of the machine itself? i prefer to 
think, in the soul of the blizzard, the cold nothing slate of 
the end of life on earth, many eons hence. the evidence is in 
the ghost and its premonition in the video, something is lurking 
in our midst.

...it happened again, perhaps the ghost a few night ago 
generated another weather event, ice pellets, not hail, and then 
snow and blowing snow and wind and whiteout, nothing announcing 
and renouncing the deathspace i head into, everything left 
behind, decathecting, the world untethering, on my lips the 
words 'azure, i love you,' and then the whiteness deepening and 
swallowing into me, and then nothing or a slide and my chest 
tightens, i am gone, my chest releases, azure remains, i don't 
see what she sees, no longer hear her voice

signal masts on citadel hill

the history of physics is endless in depth and breadth, as are 
verification procedures and legitimations of hypotheses. here 
i'm interested in the phenomenology of physics, in particular 
what occurs before a turn towards the subatomic and quantum 
mechanics. i've been reading natural philosophy for general 
readers and young people, translated and edited from ganot's 
cours elementaire de physique by e. atkinson, 8th edition, 1896; 
this is one of numerous similar books that form the basis for 
both popular and university texts. the experiments described, in 
particular those associated with electrical phenomena, tend to 
operate on the level of the anecdotal, much as early psychology 
emphasized the patient's narrative, through freud and beyond. 
fundamental principles are rarely described, although they 
appear as frames; thus there are sections on various aspects of 
morse's telegraph, but only a mention of maxwell. experiments 
might include a vibrating wire and faraday's wheel; engineering 
and physics are entangled, and demonstration replaces the 
mathematical basis of electromagnetic elements. even with a 
limited mathematical apparatus, it's clear that the text must 
operate on the level of the everyday; atomic and molecular 
models are described, but the former seem to possess little if 
any structure. the everyday asserts itself continually; 
experiments with batteries and various forms of capacitors 
involve the hand touching one or another wire, grounding the 
structure, or applying current. out of a book of 730 pages, 
atoms are mentioned only on pp. 4 and 8; the rest occurs on the 
level of the aural or visible. in other words, the physics 
described here is body-centric, much as language, in lakoff and 
lakoff, functions; the world may not appear anthropocentric, but 
remains subtlely so. the idea of a basic alienness to the world 
remains distant, and the troubling of the ether, for example, is 
replaced by the curiosity. i should note this position is also 
that of the religious fundamentalist, for whom the alien 
threatens to shatter everything. the experiments described are 
but one step from the parlor game or presentation, and indeed in 
earlier texts there are examples of young ladies connected by 
wire, or the electrocution of a dog by means of leyden jars 
coupled together. further, all these phenomena in general are 
seen, not as instances of principles, but as peculiarities that 
indeed connect to the wonder of the world. today, when every- 
thing is simultaneously up for question and taken for granted, 
when a malaise manifests itself in relation to the 'latest and 
greatest,' it's difficult to realize that the nineteenth century 
was, among other things, the last century of marvels, which 
retain something of the mythic imagination.

doesn't the signal mast itself operate among these worlds? on 
one hand, it presents flags and flag-codes, which operate in the 
register of the visible; on the other, it carries wireless 
antennas already portending a new and uncomfortable era. it's of 
interest that halifax announces every noon hour with the firing 
of a cannon, which simultaneously asserts nineteenth-century 
temporality, and a tourist destination; everyone gathers around 
for the precipitous event!

explosion and home

carrying my home with me in second life, i 
am my body am my carapace my home
i circle myself i spew my self i am myself
i swallow myself i fly myself fly my home
i fear myself fear my home i cringe myself
of my home, myself am my carapace my home

falling from the sun, carrying home home

falling from the sun, carrying home home
falling home from the home, carrying sun
carrying home from the sun, falling home
home from the home, carrying falling sun
from the sun falling, home carrying home
home from the sun carrying, falling home
sun from the home, falling carrying home
home from the falling sun, home carrying
carrying home from the falling sun, home

i carry my home with me it won't stay up we're debris
we leave traces id numbers memberships permissions
we're nothing without them they're expeditions they
mark us invisible they are we sing
along along along along along
we sing along
along along along along along!

does this connect with ghosts or their 
simulacra, certainly nothing of the
video image conveys little of the truth
of the uncanny manifestation

disappearance of structures
what happens to time, space, imagination, culture
nothing of the image, silver rising to the
 surface, fading of the representation, contouring
 of the chemotaxis, silver leaching
 hali images from nova scotia album
the uncanny beauty in nothing
the deferment of theory in nothing

nothing, whiteness of the blizzard -
 of the maps in the far north -
 icestorm images
 blizzard images
 snowfall images
what fills these: dream-screen, populations
  of mythical animals, longings, deaths
whiteness when nothing remains, when marks disappear
 northern maps, mandeville
whiteness when marks flock, entangle, disappear
nothing of technology, the machine, turing tape
bringing nothing into virtual worlds -
 homeless or problematic homes
 impossibly convoluted shapes
nothing of inert forces
scars, cicatrix, historiographies

the new home

the new home online was waiting. the old home was dark and the 
lights in the old home were dark and the electric was on and was 
dark. in the new home magnetism and electricity we're at ninety 
degrees and entangled; in the old home, electricity was lonely 
and would not come out to make the brilliant world. in the old 
home the faucets made the sound of rushing air and in the new 
home there were many facets of the flowing world. the flowing 
world was bright and brilliant and the brilliant world was 
bright and flowing. the old home was everywhere i would be and 
the new home would become a flowing memory. outside the wind 
blows and branches rattle against the house. the new home is not 
secure and is vulnerable and the people are sad there because 
the old home has no wind and no energy or force or momentum and 
the old home has no flowing calculus. we are going to the old 
home and that is the song of the brilliant swan but we are now 
among the new home and that is a home of flowing delight.

then i did realize that my genre is that of the retardation of 
reality, image upon image, video upon image, all forms of 
recording, from every place, making the place a home, in a way 
that almost guarantees me a sense of mourning, loss, at the end 
of the day, every day a sweeping into the relay of night. as if 
i were born homeless, or into a play of home which falls apart, 
the ground seeps away beneath me. and there were the mines 
collapsing beneath the ground where i was from. and holes 
opening there, and houses in disarray, cracking. and i realize 
that the number of images and sounds and movements might betray 
the seeping, might hold things in place for a moment longer, 
glaciers retained within their historic limits, life on this 
planet momentarily satiated with the slaughter so far. i will 
build my home there, not out of memory, but out of the currency 
of this time, this now, a holdfast in the ravaged ocean. i am 
there now, you will find me, but i will not be there forever, i 
will have been gone before you.

empty space shooting nothing

nothing of white or silver, pregnant with possibility.
but there is no possibility without boundary!
there are no boundaries, i'm feeling sick, nauseous.
there's nowhere to stand, nothing to do, nothing to see!
at sea there are meaningless clouds and idiotic waters.
nothing to hang onto, i'm drowning in tepid waters!
an edge would have amounted to something, or a corner.
no corners, floors, ceilings, balloons, chairs!
nothing is the insufferability of warm spoiled milk.
there's nothing to drink, bellies are swollen and bursting!
solace is the memory of the signifier, truth is its erasure.
i remember some letters, wait, there must be more!
the clouds are like stones, waters like mountains.
just a minute, i'll sit! i'll think this through! survive!

reading nothing

desperately reading nothing, looking for radar clues, how 
something might manifest itself in the noise. so filtering the 
nothing, extrapolating, processing, as if the outlines of a 
figure or text might appear. i think of a looming at a distance, 
trudging towards my position as subject, symbolic, in the midst 
of an imaginary proximity, as if the chaos of breath were 
subtended into the remnants of an articulated fixture. in a 
sense, this is of the hypnagogic disappearing at the 
commencement of sleep, dreaming the absence of dreaming. the 
trace is left behind, the trace of what there is, in the sense 
of early cloud chambers or the lhc. one can construct an entire 
ontology through the epistemology of traces and filters; one 
might as well concede that the world is such, that traces 
replace the sign which is, after all, a coagulation, and that 
filters are what makes manifest.

perhaps nothing is not inert, not substance; perhaps it seethes, 
percolates; perhaps nothing is chaotic. one might say, "at any 
rate, nothing"; perhaps the entanglement is irreducible. 
"nothing" already gives too much away.

ftp> ls nothing*
229 extended passive mode ok (|||62721|)
150 accepted data connection
226-out of memory during globbing of nothing*
226-(this probably means "permission denied")
226-options: -a -l
226 0 matches total
ftp> ls nothing.txt
229 extended passive mode ok (|||13124|)
150 accepted data connection
226-options: -a -l
226 0 matches total

reading nothing

nothing remains. again, the analog is nothing , even a structure 
within the itself, sutures over, and the listener may be aware 
of nothing . i meditate upon nothing / meditate upon nothing / 
upon nothing / nothing / against one or another personage, 
against nothing . meandering, useless crawling, skittering, 
nothing . exhumations and reburials, nothing . 26488:exhumations 
and reburials, nothing ... exit; it is nothing but slaughter. 
the practice of zen is nothing . i won't do it. there's nothing 
going on, nothing . i stay in relation to avatar - blunt 
neutrality replete with death, decay, nothing . the result is 
nothing , and no deaths, not even slow churnings. but you cannot 
the result of nothing . i'm lost here, forgive me. i want to 
make a exit; it is nothing but slaughter. nothing - the only way 
to do it, only way to bring it all home - so nine and a half 
thousand google hits weigh nothing . grasp it, nothing , it's 
the horizon, and then nothing, nothing . nothing , taking the 
shape of the land. he added, the bird! there's water is nothing 
, taking the shape of the land. he added, the bird 
insigification, spews, abjections, blurs, avatars, nothing . { 
again, the analog is nothing , even a structure within the 
former does something else, or nothing : the performer might 
rest, set your camera in me, there's nothing there nothing , 
empty space, because there's no message here, nothing they're 
nothing _say_ the reading of the face, nothing , alterity, 
other, subaltern, the world. everywhere at once, the lidless eye 
sees nothing ; per- once and nothing . my life is ruse; refusing 
your complacency, i negates the w/hole.) [but she _must be_ 
nothing ; there is no hold-train, in fact they do nothing . she 
comes back to life. isn't nothing . the horizon, and then 
nothing, nothing . which says nothing ( just as magnetism says 
nothing , uses or no uses , there's no formula, no word, nothing 
"i realize now i've known nothing " for within the well, there 
is nothing , that is nothing ontological- ice: i will melt and 
turn into nothing . water is nothing , taking the shape of the 
land. he added, the bird! there's nothing , and no deaths, not 
even slow churnings. but you cannot perhaps the shipping and 
handling club should have offered nothing the limit - like 
language, i'm repeating myself - offering nothing for no beggar 
can live on nothing . at the beginning of the first episodes of 
the first season bauer conclude with the declaration that 
"events occur in real time." this is a tautological formula: the 
contemporary concept of how "events occur" is precisely defined 
by "real time." the formula may mean nothing , almost a stutter 
that says "events occur events occur events occur." or the 
formula may indeed make something evident - this is the major 
claim of 24. so, "events occur in real time" purports to 
highlight the narrative conceit of the show - each episode will 
last for an hour of elapsed time and the season will total the 
24 hours of a single day. the formula saturates and synchronizes 
the various plot lines. my name doesn't matter here, it's of no 
concern, nothing ; my name doesn't matter here, it's of no 
concern, nothing the saying or thinking of everything...of 
thinking nothing ...a poor meandering, useless crawling, 
skittering, nothing . zero. it will take nothing. it will take 
nothing . takes nothing . it takes nothing. it takes nothing . 
lungs and breathing - in the distance - nothing - i remember the 
point nothing ? look, an animal! look, names and contours! look, 
all exhumations and reburials, nothing . 26488:exhumations and 
reburials, nothing ... nothing. they want nothing . for - it's 
time for nothing - silence, once again, we suppose, without it 
there's nothing nine and a half thousand google hits weigh 
nothing . exposed nothing ; dance of dogen and nothing meaning 
here - nothing - grasp it, nothing , it's nothing there's 
nothing there the result of nothing . i'm lost here, forgive me. 
i want to make a says nothing exit; it is nothing but slaughter. 
things, when one can no longer speak, when nothing , what then? 
for nothing , for no absolute the practice of zen is nothing . i 
won't do it. which is nothing . ing and strengthening of zero, 
of nothing ... water is nothing , taking the shape of the land. 
he added, the bird life then there's nothing . people say if 
this is all there is it was nothing . teeth are always on the 
edge there's nothing going on, nothing . i stay in relation to 
avatar - blunt neutrality replete with death, decay, nothing . 
the result is { again, the analog is nothing , even a structure 
within the avatars, nothing . nothing - on the sample you hear 
both calls and responses and the i meditate upon nothing / 
meditate upon nothing / upon nothing / nothing / meditate upon 
nothing / upon nothing / nothing / travis: alas, we hear nothing 
! [15c's a notion of a view, sometimes nothing , it's bulbous 
set your camera in me, there's nothing there nothing , empty 
space, and nothing is visible on a clear and cloudless night. 
returning with nothing usable, nothing thinner, then nothing . 
zero. it will take nothing. it will take nothing . virtual + and 
- (and the rest of it), everything and nothing - or shelter from 
nothing , i'm just tired of falling flows or diffused light, or 
nothing . nothing need be taken for nothing seems to happen 
except for rewrite and redraw. k!% there is nothing but her 
presence, nothing , they're also nothing . they're construct, 
they're abject, they're nothing , already i am half gone with 
it, half gone all, nothing . */sound and image bring the 
sight/site/citation in, pants, nothing will happen - it will be 
less than someone listening former does something else, or 
nothing : the performer might rest, the dance of dogen and 
nothing excellent and important if one is more or less nothing . 
nothing to do with the greater good; in fact, goodness has after 
all nothing was ever promised, nothing exit; it is nothing but 
slaughter. nothing had changed or ever would. world dangled by 
their names, nothing . some might move again, the analog is 
nothing , even a structure within flows or diffused light, or 
nothing . nothing need be taken for anus. the letters? meant 
nothing in this most _real_ of all things, when one can no 
longer speak, when nothing , what then? the saying or thinking 
of everything ...of thinking nothing ...a poor the result of 
nothing . i'm lost here, forgive me. i want to make a travis: 
alas, we hear nothing ! the result of nothing . i'm lost here, 
forgive me. i want to make a exit; it is nothing but slaughter. 
things, when one can no longer speak, when nothing , what then? 
the practice of zen is nothing. i won't do it. which is nothing 
. ing and strengthening of zero, of nothing ... life then 
there's nothing . people say if this is all there is there's 
nothing going on, nothing . i stay in relation to avatar - blunt 
neutrality replete with death, decay, nothing . the result is
