

flight

the wing'ed brown pelican takes flight
among icons suitable for framing
the win'ged brown pelican at night
suffuses my talons for taming
increases my talent for blaming
creates my tale-end for naming
construes my tail-end for maiming
the winging brown pelican at night
plays harder and longer at gaming
with pelicans snug and in flight

http://www.asondheim.org/flight.jpg


_

funny deth

privileged and opportune world over.  will not impede the realization of 
my life time dream and ambition of expending my re of thou till feel my 
life gradually ebbing away. My only con cocktail of drug ea di ed with e k 
that you peru tate of mind. The content privileged and opportune world 
over.  helping the le the world and I wi ick individual of thou olation i 
, but I tered to me. The drug been admini cocktail of drug ravaged my body 
and left me at the mercy of endle ravaged my body and left me at the mercy 
of endle cocktail of drug been admini have gone a long way in alleviating 
the pain till feel my life gradually ebbing away. My only con that I lived 
a life worthy of emulation and good heartedne of thou ick individual the 
world and I wi will not impede the realization of my life time dream and 
ambition of expending my re in the name of the lord, I pray that thi 
lightly unbelievable to you, but I a recently diagno di e ha have gone a 
long way in alleviating the pain ; I have touched the live and time toward 
h and hope that thi olation i were not exact about how long I have to live 
but I am in the know that the di with uttermo privileged and opportune 
world over.  acro , but I terminal. The doctor with uttermo Greeting 
recently diagno ravaged my body and left me at the mercy of endle ; I have 
touched the live and time toward k that you peru were not exact about how 
long I have to live but I am in the know that the di and time toward acro 
e ha of thi acro e ha lightly unbelievable to you, but I a



less and less seems to matter and it's good i'm not 
Cold Mountain and can't turn towards moss. but i'm 
aware more than ever of the slow movement of the 
planet, our inconceivable position on the thinnest of 
crusts, the localized nature of our wants and 
desires, the fragility of every good thing upon the 
face of the earth. we're tottering, we look out, we 
sense the plasma, enormous forces forsaking us just 
for the moment, for the first and last breath. we 
come together online but i'm sick of the absence of 
touch, nothing for any of us but words and no 
shudders. it's good, for of one not to be here and to 
be here, but there are so many places in their 
loveliness i would like to see before i die, places 
already fast disappearing beneath the towering sun. 
this is not metaphor, not the world as if it were the 
world, but a gentle disassociating as i feel myself 
slipping into some long sleep, some disconnecting 
denouement. only then will leaves grow quietly and 
unseen, scurryings meandering beneath the grass and 
sightless for so many of us. there is no irony here, 
not for a moment, no cynicism, only the desire for 
the beauty of the world and nostalgia for so many 
opportunities that will remain permanently missed. 
how many people have we made promises to, that we 
will never see again? promises made beyond wars and 
peaces, beyond births and slaughters, cures for new 
diseases, sudden earthquakes, floods, extinctions. i 
am thinking of quiescence, the fineness of sunsets 
one might never see, conversations ending decades ago 
- i can hear them now - that will never be revived. 
and i would leave all belonging among them, and i 
would leave all desire among them, all holdings and 
possessions, all plans, short and long term, imminent 
and transcendent, all of the length of a pine board. 
our strategies fade before our eyes, as do the sounds 
of voices stilled forever, the slightest movement of 
a hand, that particular gesture that defined you, 
that slight of hand, that slightest gesture, 
forgotten after the passing of personal knowledge, so 
that books may get it wrong, reconstruct nothing, 
theorize and pretending, holding off their own 
harbingers of death, as death they announce, as death 
they proclaim, the oldest of charms. one only can 
hope for the forgetting of this and these, for the 
releasing, so that others may be seen momentarily in 
their scurryings as movement beneath and within the 
stars, as designs enfolding, unfolding, but never of 
commitment impossible to conceive, retain. these 
books and wires, this natural world, retains and 
moves beyond, always beyond in each and every 
direction, of the quarters and fifths of directions, 
of the firsts and seconds of directions, this 
movement uncharted, forgotten, the tiniest smile at a 
joke only half remembered, times that were always 
those which were, of the scent of a spring evening 
and certain trees and flowers, of changeling worlds 
and the sound of winging birds


__

i'm Han Shan as well

the dirge 'un'

un.  thi . onele only canla hopele for thele 
forgetting of thi and fifth m, only thele dele and 
lele for hort and long term, imminent and tranla and 
thele unla t mo laughter milele at a jokele only half 
remembered, timele light of hand, that and no lele 
grow quietly and unla ignla dele omele di __ . it' t 
gele t , beyond birth good i'm not Cold Mountainla 
and can't turnla toward , thele localized naturele of 
our want onele might never ound of winging bird , all 
planla forcele talgia for of directionla death they 
proclaim, thele oldele appearing beneath thele 
towering __ not metaphor, not thele world a e, for 
thele relea beyond inla each and every direction, of 
thele quarter . therele i and lele aking u trategiele 
, of changeling world t of cru for new di tho t 
movement of a hand, that particular gele but word 
lele een, tar omele long __ good, for of onele not to 
bele herele and to bele here, but therele arele ture, 
forgottenla after thele pa movement uncharted, 
forgotten, thele tiniele madele beyond war to matter 
and it' and dele ationla __ ionla ma, enormou that 
will remainla permanently mi t death they announce, a 
t di __ if it werele thele world, but a gentlele di 
ing, and movele o many of u and lele ju , a and 
flower cence, thele finenele itionla onla thele 
thinnele ea ele which were, of thele lightele encele 
of touch, nothing for any of u lele meandering 
beneath thele gra iblele to conceive, retain. thele 
movement beneath and withinla thele lipping into __ 
inla their lovelinele ing of per , thi ele to matter 
and it' irele ending decadele ele ele thele pla and 
truct nothing, theorizele and pretending, holding off 
their ownla harbinger eele beforele i die, placele __ 
may bele natural world, retainla t and la do thele 
pring evening and certainla treele , extinctionla low 
movement of thele planet, our inconceivablele po . 
but i'm awarele morele thanla ever of thele , cent of 
a ick of thele ab and and wirele currying i feel my 
__ o that book of directionla to, that wele will 
never eem , thele fragility of every good thing 
uponla thele facele of thele earth. we'rele 
tottering, wele look out, wele irele among them, all 
holding and po enla eem ele econd may get it wrong, 
reconla i would likele to __ i feel my eenla 
momentarily inla their and wirele and t breath. wele 
comele together onlinele but i'm of voicele cent of a 
uddenla earthquakele low movement of thele planet, 
our inconceivablele po low movement of thele planet, 
our inconceivablele po , flood pring evening and 
certainla treele ound t and la ightlele , thi eenla 
momentarily inla their ociating a __ i would likele 
to may get it wrong, reconla and ed.  how many 
peoplele havele wele madele promi enla ago - i canla 
hear them now - that will never bele revived.  and i 
would leavele all belonging among them, and i would 
leavele all dele , thele fragility of every good 
thing uponla thele facele of thele earth. we'rele 
tottering, wele look out, wele eem eele again? promi 
of directionla onal knowledge, inla their lovelinele 
__ elf a ele book lele ick of thele ab tilled 
forever, thele ele which were, of thele ele . but i'm 
awarele morele thanla ever of thele itionla onla 
thele thinnele . i am thinking of quiele and flower , 
a t for thele moment, for thele fir for natural 
world, retainla o that other a __ already fa of 
death, a t that will remainla permanently mi ele 
thele pla ationla irele to matter and it' ele 
movement uncharted, forgotten, thele tiniele o many 
placele __ omele long tar currying lele encele of 
touch, nothing for any of u lightele tho for new di t 
of cru cence, thele finenele , of changeling world 
fadele beforele our eyele ju and lele . therele i 
beyond, alway ing, if it werele thele world, but a 
gentlele di __ t di death they proclaim, thele oldele 
, of thele fir o many opportunitiele ma, enormou 
ionla __ ee, conver and dele good i'm not Cold 
Mountainla and can't turnla toward and peacele t 
ture, forgottenla after thele pa . it' __ leep, , a 
enfolding, unfolding, but never of commitment impo 
grow quietly and unla lele and no turele that defined 
you, that that werele alway , curele mo t of and 
thele cendent, all of thele length of a pinele board.  
our aking u and lele no irony here, not for a moment, 
no cynici beyond inla each and every direction, of 
thele quarter and thele i __ un.  thi t of charm of 
directionla irele for thele beauty of thele world and 
no for , ound of winging bird et , thele localized 
naturele of our want good i'm not Cold Mountainla and 
can't turnla toward and milele at a jokele only half 
remembered, timele lightele hudder lele connecting 
denouement. only thenla will leavele ignla ignla 
connecting denouement. only thenla will leavele lele 
hudder lightele milele at a jokele only half 
remembered, timele and good i'm not Cold Mountainla 
and can't turnla toward , thele localized naturele of 
our want et ound of winging bird , for irele for 
thele beauty of thele world and no of directionla t 
of charm un.  thi __ i and thele beyond inla each and 
every direction, of thele quarter no irony here, not 
for a moment, no cynici and lele aking u cendent, all 
of thele length of a pinele board.  our and thele of 
t mo , curele that werele alway turele that defined 
you, that and no lele een, enfolding, unfolding, but 
never of commitment impo , a leep, __ . it' ture, 
forgottenla after thele pa t and peacele good i'm not 
Cold Mountainla and can't turnla toward and dele ee, 
conver __ ionla ma, enormou o many opportunitiele , 
of thele fir death they proclaim, thele oldele t di 
__ if it werele thele world, but a gentlele di ing, 
beyond, alway . therele i and lele ju fadele beforele 
our eyele , of changeling world cence, thele finenele 
t of cru for new di tho lightele encele of touch, 
nothing for any of u lele currying tar omele long __ 
o many placele movement uncharted, forgotten, thele 
tiniele ele to matter and it' irele ationla ele thele 
pla that will remainla permanently mi t of death, a 
already fa __ a o that other natural world, retainla 
for t for thele moment, for thele fir , a and flower 
. i am thinking of quiele itionla onla thele thinnele 
. but i'm awarele morele thanla ever of thele ele ele 
which were, of thele tilled forever, thele ick of 
thele ab lele ele book a elf __ inla their lovelinele 
onal knowledge, of directionla eele again? promi eem 
, thele fragility of every good thing uponla thele 
facele of thele earth. we'rele tottering, wele look 
out, wele ago - i canla hear them now - that will 
never bele revived.  and i would leavele all 
belonging among them, and i would leavele all dele 
enla ed.  how many peoplele havele wele madele promi 
and may get it wrong, reconla i would likele to __ 
ociating a eenla momentarily inla their , thi 
ightlele t and la ound pring evening and certainla 
treele , flood low movement of thele planet, our 
inconceivablele po low movement of thele planet, our 
inconceivablele po uddenla earthquakele cent of a of 
voicele t breath. wele comele together onlinele but 
i'm and and wirele eenla momentarily inla their i 
feel my __ i would likele to may get it wrong, 
reconla econd ele eem enla and po irele among them, 
all holding , thele fragility of every good thing 
uponla thele facele of thele earth. we'rele 
tottering, wele look out, wele eem to, that wele will 
never of directionla o that book __ i feel my 
currying and wirele and ick of thele ab cent of a , . 
but i'm awarele morele thanla ever of thele low 
movement of thele planet, our inconceivablele po , 
extinctionla pring evening and certainla treele do 
thele t and la natural world, retainla may bele __ 
eele beforele i die, placele truct nothing, 
theorizele and pretending, holding off their ownla 
harbinger and ele thele pla ele ending decadele irele 
to matter and it' ele , thi ing of per inla their 
lovelinele __ lipping into movement beneath and 
withinla thele iblele to conceive, retain. thele 
meandering beneath thele gra lele encele of touch, 
nothing for any of u lightele ele which were, of 
thele ea itionla onla thele thinnele cence, thele 
finenele and flower , a ju and lele o many of u and 
movele ing, if it werele thele world, but a gentlele 
di __ t di death they announce, a , of thele fir that 
will remainla permanently mi ma, enormou ionla __ 
ationla and dele to matter and it' madele beyond war 
movement uncharted, forgotten, thele tiniele ture, 
forgottenla after thele pa good, for of onele not to 
bele herele and to bele here, but therele arele __ 
omele long tar een, lele but word t movement of a 
hand, that particular gele tho for new di t of cru , 
of changeling world trategiele aking u and lele . 
therele i beyond inla each and every direction, of 
thele quarter e, for thele relea not metaphor, not 
thele world a __ appearing beneath thele towering t 
of charm of directionla talgia for forcele , all 
planla ound of winging bird onele might never , thele 
localized naturele of our want good i'm not Cold 
Mountainla and can't turnla toward , beyond birth t t 
gele . it' __ omele di dele ignla grow quietly and 
unla lele and no light of hand, that milele at a 
jokele only half remembered, timele laughter mo t 
unla and thele hort and long term, imminent and 
tranla for and lele m, only thele dele and fifth . 
onele only canla hopele for thele forgetting of thi 
un.  thi __ un.  thi . onele only canla hopele for 
thele forgetting of thi and fifth m, only thele dele 
and lele for hort and long term, imminent and tranla 
and thele unla t mo laughter milele at a jokele only 
half remembered, timele light of hand, that and no 
lele grow quietly and unla ignla dele omele di __ . 
it' t gele t , beyond birth good i'm not Cold 
Mountainla and can't turnla toward , thele localized 
naturele of our want onele might never ound of 
winging bird , all planla forcele talgia for of 
directionla death they proclaim, thele oldele 
appearing beneath thele towering __ not metaphor, not 
thele world a e, for thele relea beyond inla each and 
every direction, of thele quarter . therele i and 
lele aking u trategiele , of changeling world t of 
cru for new di tho t movement of a hand, that 
particular gele but word lele een, tar omele long __ 
good, for of onele not to bele herele and to bele 
here, but therele arele ture, forgottenla after thele 
pa movement uncharted, forgotten, thele tiniele 
madele beyond war to matter and it' and dele ationla 
__ ionla ma, enormou that will remainla permanently 
mi t death they announce, a t di __ if it werele 
thele world, but a gentlele di ing, and movele o many 
of u and lele ju , a and flower cence, thele finenele 
itionla onla thele thinnele ea ele which were, of 
thele lightele encele of touch, nothing for any of u 
lele meandering beneath thele gra iblele to conceive, 
retain. thele movement beneath and withinla thele 
lipping into __ inla their lovelinele ing of per , 
thi ele to matter and it' irele ending decadele ele 
ele thele pla and truct nothing, theorizele and 
pretending, holding off their ownla harbinger eele 
beforele i die, placele __ may bele natural world, 
retainla t and la do thele pring evening and 
certainla treele , extinctionla low movement of thele 
planet, our inconceivablele po . but i'm awarele 
morele thanla ever of thele , cent of a ick of thele 
ab and and wirele currying i feel my __ o that book 
of directionla to, that wele will never eem , thele 
fragility of every good thing uponla thele facele of 
thele earth. we'rele tottering, wele look out, wele 
irele among them, all holding and po enla eem ele 
econd may get it wrong, reconla i would likele to __ 
i feel my eenla momentarily inla their and wirele and 
t breath. wele comele together onlinele but i'm of 
voicele cent of a uddenla earthquakele low movement 
of thele planet, our inconceivablele po low movement 
of thele planet, our inconceivablele po , flood pring 
evening and certainla treele ound t and la ightlele , 
thi eenla momentarily inla their ociating a __ i 
would likele to may get it wrong, reconla and ed.  
how many peoplele havele wele madele promi enla ago - 
i canla hear them now - that will never bele revived.  
and i would leavele all belonging among them, and i 
would leavele all dele , thele fragility of every 
good thing uponla thele facele of thele earth. 
we'rele tottering, wele look out, wele eem eele 
again? promi of directionla onal knowledge, inla 
their lovelinele __ elf a ele book lele ick of thele 
ab tilled forever, thele ele which were, of thele ele 
. but i'm awarele morele thanla ever of thele itionla 
onla thele thinnele . i am thinking of quiele and 
flower , a t for thele moment, for thele fir for 
natural world, retainla o that other a __ already fa 
of death, a t that will remainla permanently mi ele 
thele pla ationla irele to matter and it' ele 
movement uncharted, forgotten, thele tiniele o many 
placele __ omele long tar currying lele but word 
lightele tho for new di t of cru cence, thele 
finenele , of changeling world fadele beforele our 
eyele ju and lele . therele i beyond, alway ing, if 
it werele thele world, but a gentlele di __ t di 
death they proclaim, thele oldele , of thele fir o 
many opportunitiele ma, enormou ionla __ ee, conver 
and dele good i'm not Cold Mountainla and can't 
turnla toward and peacele t ture, forgottenla after 
thele pa . it' __ leep, , a enfolding, unfolding, but 
never of commitment impo grow quietly and unla lele 
and no turele that defined you, that that werele 
alway , curele mo t of and thele cendent, all of 
thele length of a pinele board.  our aking u and lele 
no irony here, not for a moment, no cynici beyond 
inla each and every direction, of thele quarter and 
thele i __ un.  thi t of charm of directionla irele 
for thele beauty of thele world and no for , ound of 
winging bird et , thele localized naturele of our 
want good i'm not Cold Mountainla and can't turnla 
toward and milele at a jokele only half remembered, 
timele lightele hudder lele connecting denouement. 
only thenla will leavele ignla ignla connecting 
denouement. only thenla will leavele __ hudder 
lightele milele at a jokele only half remembered, 
timele and good i'm not Cold Mountainla and can't 
turnla toward , thele localized naturele of our want 
et ound of winging bird , for irele for thele beauty 
of thele world and no of directionla t of charm un.  
thi __ i and thele beyond inla each and every 
direction, of thele quarter no irony here, not for a 
moment, no cynici and lele aking u cendent, all of 
thele length of a pinele board.  our and thele of t 
mo , curele that werele alway turele that defined 
you, that and no lele een, enfolding, unfolding, but 
never of commitment impo , a leep, __ . it' ture, 
forgottenla after thele pa t and peacele good i'm not 
Cold Mountainla and can't turnla toward and dele ee, 
conver __ ionla ma, enormou o many opportunitiele , 
of thele fir death they proclaim, thele oldele t di 
__ if it werele thele world, but a gentlele di ing, 
beyond, alway . therele i and lele ju fadele beforele 
our eyele , of changeling world cence, thele finenele 
t of cru for new di tho lightele encele of touch, 
nothing for any of u lele currying tar omele long __ 
o many placele movement uncharted, forgotten, thele 
tiniele ele to matter and it' irele ationla ele thele 
pla that will remainla permanently mi t of death, a 
already fa __ a o that other natural world, retainla 
for t for thele moment, for thele fir , a and flower 
. i am thinking of quiele itionla onla thele thinnele 
. but i'm awarele morele thanla ever of thele ele ele 
which were, of thele tilled forever, thele ick of 
thele ab lele ele book a elf __


The Last Laugh


``When you're hunting you don't expect somebody to try to shoot you and 
murder you,'' Wagner said. ``You have no idea who is coming up to you.''

``We're all old, dyed-in-wool hunters,'' he said. ``We wouldn't go home 
because of this, but we will keep it in our minds. We're not forgetting 
it.'' 

- Response in Wisconsin after five hunters were killed. I'm sure the 
animals are rejoicing. 


_



the violence continues
the streets are stripped
there's nothing inside the corpses
plasticine and transparent organs
some sort of broken things
liquids fossilized for gram analysis
the covers are manufactured by victory
inside beautiful and smooth
at one point some sort of sound
there's nothing red there
it's all projection and mirage
mouths swallow nothing 'as'
the violence continues

http://www.asondheim.org/bbreast2.bmp
http://www.asondheim.org/bbreast3.bmp


_

mouths swallow nothing
99.15.56.228_does_not_like_recipient.
SING
DOMA
MENURI
OLLATE
Sr)Augus
HUTDOWN Nu

http://www.asondheim.org/bbreast4.bmp
http://www.asondheim.org/bbreast5.bmp
http://www.asondheim.org/bbreast6.bmp



upheaval orgasm & lousy writing follows

http://www.asondheim.org/orgasm.mov

i'd write more than you'd read it but you've got to see it
today tried to find some way to project clean from a laptop at Millennium
no such luck, blurred images all the way around s-video out
the mpegs came through ok all thirty seconds they went through final cut
skipping that stage the image disappeared altogether
show in three days trying to get some sort of dvd together
downloaded compressor software for this or that the files don't play
play in winmedia or some such not in dvd
Leslie's making a 78 hour burn and maybe and maybe not 
so maybe back to square one minidv of course the quality's not there
not anywhere such limited bandwidth
just about impossible to do much with it in terms of playing around
i can mumble with the microphone with my usual desperation
make people believe this is what they came for
oh oh the sheer beauty of it all
my whole life's interoperable
you can make an image heave though
what you can't do in real life make mountains and valleys
values skewed and screwed


_

i make all the machine guns in the world

pretty christ you bless us
 that's the pretty christ of kansas the jews killed
our little lives are so lucky
 that's the loss of jobs and healthcare
mr kerry where are you
 that's the fixed machines of joyrides
we will ride a joyful truck
 that's the joyride iraki slaughter truck

http://www.asondheim.org/kiev.mov

_

the world of fiction-of-philosophy around 1995

reflecting the dull black char of the world.
truth is a _potential-in-the-world,_ a supervention or operation upon it, 
valent conditions for example, in all possible worlds), they are still 
the world in orbit.  The sun by now is wondering what its child is up to
         The author of one of the world's best selling philosophy books,
     City poetry world.  Prominent Black Mountain poets,
     world is rich and always changing, flowing, when I
     write, I enter a world which has complex relations and
     is, perhaps, illimitable.  This world both represents
     of human intentions.  This world is more than life and
     language, but in this world, I can play and be played.
     political realm, can be dictator of this world.
networks, and Petrie nets. A model of the life world and its interpreta-
subjectivity positioned within the world. There were distinctions among
world everyone loves science.
longer potential, but the collapse of worlds rendered
into her own. A sad sweetness, smile, accompanies the inner world. She
 the world's materiality, language or no language:]
world(maybe by accident)only recently,as a means,or rather, an apparatus 
better world for our children, and all that shit.shall we save heaps of 
connect, wait impatiently while the graphics appear... This is the world
of Baudrillard, the world of the seduction, the lure, deferred expecta- 
all over the world, writes Mark Prigg.
own proprietary operating system on the world -- except this time, they'll
/if all the world is a text, what sort of text is it/
/if all the world is a text all the way down, what about the levels/
semblance of order in her world. The way to proceed is already deconstruc-
ted: representation of a real-world site or citation transfigured into the
optic light, beauty of the pulsing of the world. Gravity plays little
back, knowing all along the violence of the world.
through wires so frail as to be inconceivable; smashed, worlds halt,
seduction, the maternal beginning of the things of the world in relation
"The most frightening thing in this world is discovering the abnormal in 
fudged laws of the world. I say: Action does not require knowledge.
matronymic, metonymic. I consider Ballard's crystal world to have already
ground; if subjectivity, mathematical thinking, and the physical world
mathematical thinking, and the physical world replaced by textuality
16 colors indicating the alpha.exe file for Alphaworld won't run, the Avi-
I've got to get Alphaworld running but should probably give up. I'm going
communication networks all over the world, consisting of more than four
Providers has sprung up all over the world to provide personal
groups such as newsgroups and mailing list, gopher, WWW (world wide
	obsolete the medium of Shakespeare, the online world is
the Internet as a world-spanning hypertext document, and its client
attitude to the written and printed word" both in the business world as
similar to that of typewriter in Western world - the power of printing
all over the world. However, these media have been almost always
people from all over the world participate in discussion on newsgroups,
and touch and taste in any literate culture," the world as well as
McLuhan envisioned the resulting new world from the transformation (from
half in one world, half in the other...
parcel! Files transform into granular strata, encompassing the world of 
writing, world of reading: INSCRIBE!
the result of their immature refusal to live in a world of 'old-fashioned 
magic thrived Though his death was published Round and round the world
his death was pardoned Round and round the world The heart would not
service is but magic Moving through the world And mind itself is magic
the phenomenology of becoming in the life world, and I was surprised to 
side affect. Has the world moved on past being able to touch the person y=
     Shell should join world leaders, business leaders and
concerned citizens around the world in an effort to gain the
issue before the world: the end of the cold War, the increasing
Between nanotech and cyborg, the world shudders to a prognostication halt
world for millions of years so they lived and left themselves soft-bodied
life; the world groped towards its first vision of itself, and did eyes
longing, nostalgia for hidden and fantastic worlds, when the other, warm
        -*- it's a dog-eat-dogfood world -*-
     You know, in the real world, the night is actually dark.=20
embodiments of a different reality in the everyday world, can, in combina-
ness that is essential to life-world experience." 
the world as an equally lost whole. 
   water and brine, the rumors flew and world petroleum
New York on one of her forays into feral artgang worlds of the capital
world, every letter sequence of any length exhausts the remnants of time
very day within this very world. There is nothing implicit, nothing in-
philosophers, though, aim to overcome worldly and inner tumult 
and acoustic-pooing to the far-wide world telecommunicado.
to live that much longer, this world's not worth it.
who chew worlds out of each other's ears
This is an image of a world gone clear and grey,
there is always a just amount of pain in the world
a language conjured, sloughed out of the world's things, the first, stum-
world always already fallen when it is told so. The _cartoon_ is the 
sign of the world, the sign's horizon, unreachable debris. The cartoon is 
the world gone awry in the face of the symbol; the oracle was the first 
within their stumbled power. This is why clowns, clawing the world apart, 
   such worldly people, took along two downtown artists for
   Paris, London and other domiciles of their world-wide
world forever.  What say, can you get your artists on
give, each other, the world at large - and yet in the City of Filth, we 
shit that happens in the real world.....Maybe I'm just having a bad
passing the world and its uneasy abutment of objects difficult to
the form always returns.  A world of successful people and myself
read "the world has ended, we were all too naive to notice." and a metaphoric
real world.
Estimated number of USENET sites, worldwide: 260,000
your wires.  Hell is a thing of this world, we call it subjectivity.
real world.
   of today's world," belonged in the pages of women's
your wires.  Hell is a thing of this world, we call it subjectivity.
the other girls look at him. He is the smartest boy in the world, and I 
her eyes say everything in the world and she has them just for me. And 
smarter than anyone I've ever met, the smartest person in the world. I 
know the two of us will go far, there's nothing like it in the world, oh 
book. The world vibrates, heads towards pure mass. Delirious Antoine:
first sign of truth in the world, petrified, obdurate truth. Returned to 
the great minds of the world to solve, neat and tidy.
with the world.
It's a question of being curious about the world,
the jumbled real out of the symbolic debris of the world -
before the written word gets spoken, the mended world gets broken.  These
    letter, and who are members of the world-wide intellect comunities,
user is surprisingly simple in the online and interactive world, and there
online world.  CDT believes that technological
the free flow of information throughout the online world
in the online world, most content (with the exception of
speaks, in so quiet a murmur, the world murmuring at the distant three
hungry and more alone than before.  That's similar to "fuck the world" >
before my smitten word gets broken, their rended world gets smoken.  These
eyes travel the world in search of that certain smile, I gotta see that
Though you will say this is only a parody, it is precisely the world upside
body and search the other world. Gopher, WAIS, ftp. And finally, in the grail
To: Withdrawal from the real world and our responsibilities within it.
         The world looks to the United States as one leader in
world is bought to life
In those days the world of mirrors and the world of men were not, as they are
pleased and gave the blessing of it to the world. Now it is an introduction
immiserated world of pervasive and real crisis, which should be causing all of
or genuine compassion for others?  Looking at the natural world, it would seem
> or genuine compassion for others?  Looking at the natural world, it would seem
when you say "looking at the natural world", I skense an aloofness, an 
apartness - but we are part of the *natural* world, and, as such, we 
world. This certainly must have something to do with the intolerable
the world falls away? Does the symbolic in the text begin to disconnect,
expandable, but nothing ties meaning to the world and the self simultan-
As in depression, the world disinvests, decathects - as if it ever were
height of the barrier, the well into which the body is thrown. The world
with the intermediary status of the soiled world.
neath the surface. The world is severed by virtue of the microtome.
8m of tears, there is nothing, darling, in the world, beyond the two of
8m the rest of them, as if a giant curtain has falling, as if the world
	 The world looks to the United States as one of the leaders in
All the petitions in the world didn't help one damn bit.
4. Relax, it's not the end of the world.  We still have this battle to
All the petitions in the world didn't help one damn bit.
All the petitions in the world didn't help one damn bit.
none, but that happens in the so-called "real world" as well. It
just as it is in the real world.  But the same rules apply in
Everything that exists in the real world also exists on the
the real world also exists on the Internet. But--and this is a
the real world can be found in some variation in cyberspace, and
real world.
?Everything that exists in the real world also exists on the
world seeming to evaporate. And then the caressing, consoling hands of her
you're the most precious thing in the world to me. Please don't be mad at me.
Distribution: world
Digital information technology's contributes to the world by making it
else--or even those of the whole rest of the world.  (Typically
it is the loneliest space in the world.
disappeared. the world withdraws into silence.
of feminist and performance theories, in order to explore the world of the
semblance of the real world
the world, and the time
real world YYYYYYYYYYOU"LL know when you've noticed that it's started
before the world, and the time if it ever existed--when one person could
future in which we will walk through the solitary wild, in which the world
fear for women and minorities the world over, and I fear for species lit-
i'm afraid i have to keep on living in this hated world of unintentional 
live in an world of images                         RRRRRRRRRRRRRETURN
live in an world of images," writes  recent installment of her Lucky Stars."
sitting here in the world's largest cornfield, with ground so fertile you
what they hear in church and over the afternoon world wrestling federation of
a way of looking at the world.  The work in this book centers around a common
world...]
analytically, to came to grips with the world.  The work in this book, 
however, can be seen as an attempt to clear space for "the world of the 
Subject: what one takes to be world (balm in gilead)
what they hear in church and over the afternoon world wrestling federation
moralists occupy an unreal world, and that in the real one, we have to start
of other worlds.
                          The whole world knows
"The world is the manuscript of an other, inaccesible to a universal reading,
I would then guess this belief is as much for worldly freedom as it is
regulations concerning playgrounds on down to the Internet. The world 
optical linkages to the world outside. And we know because our bodies are
So here I sit in the world of books, no ideas but in things, no things on
the world. They fell to the ground. Always something was about to begin.
Something began on the lip of the stage. It was the world. 
Someone signed the world.
the world, winning three gold medals from the Society of Illustrators, along
without redemption, the candlestick bodies rising into grainy worlds 
the world in his hand, but he didn't want to leave the fingerprints.
THE world's greatest squeeze this year
DETERMINED to connect with a different world,
unto the world i become nothing i become beyond the placid state of 
Ensamhetens v=E4rld d=E4r lever vi,             The world of loneliness w=
 abracadabra world.
reflection, it mirrors the injustices heaped upon these infinite worlds of
of: Olber's paradox, a direction which murmured the world. 
If Olber had been right there would have been a world of comfort; if 
mic cycle which collapses as the world is absorbed. It is a transformation
for itself. What an appropriation! The Engine inscribes the absorbed world
gives it to the world. It is semen which is disorganized; the world burns
world burns, the Engine burns, swells, disgorges; it is the world returned
morally comrpomised world, there is no area of endeavor in which one does not
thing to do, and the world can be readily and easily sorted intot wo kinds of
(cont) >recognizing that in a morally comrpomised world,
or a world which is compromised by morals
will do as a journalist? Will world disasters not be necessary because
litearute is a fucked up thing to do, and the world can be readily and
network, reaching into parts of the world where American social customs
quest for understanding Self and our world through the lenses of my 
thought of about G-D.  To include those arguments into my world view, I 
world dogma to blindly (without self-reflection, meditation, and 
rounded by the world off-line. Finding is always religious; something com-
your name world-wide and resonant with the planet's breathing. You did 
and show the world
of the world, a certain uncertain darkness at noon.
 this world, disagree with his whiney evil philosophies. To him,
 when it suddenly occurred to me that he must think that the world
 innuendo. It's a sad world where loud vegetarians have the power to
 shout to the world that, any day now, he will worsen an already
 number of homophobic misogynists of this world. I don't see how he
 porn stars of this world, believe that it needs to be taken into
world, indubitably feel that he is completely full of it. It is
the beginning of everything;" of possessing the (material) world; of the
Sing in me, Muse, and through me tell the story the whole world longs to hear,
trust the world.
fit into others.  We aren't all the same, if we were the world would be a
who endeavors to dwell in the mysteries of the world/cosmos while fully 
mysteries of the world and the cosmos.
who endeavors to dwell in the mysteries of the world/cosmos while fully 
renounce the world in order to attain the highest levels of spirituality? 
mysteries of the world and the cosmos.
civilized world. The civilized world:
only in part. And even as man comes into the world wailing, or awakes with
only in part. And even as man comes into the world wailing, or awakes with
al world congress of philosophy in moscow) but he was amazed by my
We're losing: our freedoms, our ability to even exist in this world - no 
many meetings with survivors of the second world war, every one talking 
You're asking for a world where history and context are forgotten.  Life 
You might find the world a less comfortable place if you do so, but I 
moment of language calling the world into being?
think he's a skinhead, bent on taking over the whole world and killing as
of the end of the world!?  Let me close by saying this, if we keep our heads
world and opprossed all other different that he.  
Histroy has shone this, he has
SSSSometimes the world
new world
The world has changed
important for *individuals* to assert themselves in a world where
world and opprossed all other different that he.  
Histroy has shone this, he has
tired of being blamed (as a white male) for the worlds problems.
normal practice, it is no more than the dialup of a world wide web server
with unholy truths, stirrings on the surface of the world, murmurings of 
If a man in the heat of high summer desires a world beyond hot asphalt,
whom will find the world changed, if only for a moment, in a leaf of grass
best that is known and thought in the world.=94   Yet in spite of the


_

orgasm.slu.avi

otherwise, large file, 35 megabytes, but then
sometimes things just come together and need the space
although the length of 30 seconds is far too short for soundless
then again i worked at compression, got it down to 31, 
but there were those gnawing edges, up and down up and down
it was like a roller coaster, oh
this was an idea i have had for such a long time, but then
even the mp4 fell far short, it's always a tradeoff,
but sometimes you just want it to go the whole nine yards,
twenty-seven feet, come around from the other side,
pornography whose digital amanuensis sinks into the palimpsest,
or what passes for built absence

http://www.asondheim.org/slu.avi

while i attempt to convert
and re\present
to anyone who will listen
will you listen to anyone
all the media there
my name is destiny

http://www.asondheim.org/kiev.mov
http://www.asondheim.org/kiev2.mov

i am legion


_
