 You laugh.



of others; we claw through it back to our original face; the tongue, nub



memory. the is mine, my sweet I am tongue speaks so sweetly, turning me


tiffany says, in a light later, these will be known as the real. so says




Death knows no boredom. Nikuko said, Death knows no stopping. Nikuko said,
filled with water. She spat it out of this world, flickering between the



cancers spread like pools of artificial life across desperate thought,
there is only one death, there is only one, that this death has no number


_


In seinen Arme das Kind war tot.

- Goethe

I succumb to the mother arms of mother world

AM (aleph 'aa' mem), mother, matriarch, metropolis, later womb
mother he would be a lot kinder!! )
ok?  now i will come indoors and have the warmest hug from mother as she
and water, [on-in] oto-tone, [bo] haha-mother, rasa and raga, om Om OM
mother earth father moon, when i find myself dreaming of doctor leopold
oh mother oh father in the clouds
(mother) ________ ________ ________
mothers and fathers, sons and daughters, of soldiers. We will show the
shami any mother to wanting yiskadal more shami forget mother vyiskaddash
mother the 
yet, though disobeying.  mother, Never, ye, my kindred spirits, Never
   brain=stores=my=mother=in=particular=was=skeptical==although=she=
motherfuckers
but nn's right we're motherfuckerz

The long tunnel

out of my holes. I am a landscape of tunnels and forests. There is bamboo 
tunnel of the uterine apparatus escapes into the thinned atmosphere of 
  tunneled all the way all the way through, gaping one side for officers
cross-roads, wherever a crossing-over, bridge-and-tunnel network - easily
you can build your tunnels
          or when something tunnels       Ou quand quelque chose
tunnel reverberation effect in final cut pro: the camera cuts between the
tunnels collapsing in the city. second: the government makes sure it gets
.alan operations. = .alan tunnels = july. of Damage july. ennui-sector the
ipmaddr iptunnel irattach irrecv jmx-link jmx-remove jobu jumlix 
. the bombing of the New York City tunnels resulting in widespread death 
tunnel reverberation effect in final cut pro: the camera cuts between the

the white-light-mother, i'm sinking, the white tunnel light looming 
larger, i'm smart enough to know i'm dying, i'm sinking

i'll fight it, i'll move something, i'll show them i'm still alive, i'll 
show them they can't kill me

white-light-tunnel, at the end of the mother, at the end of the sinking

it's that way soon, i can feel it coming
it's that way soon, i can feel it coming

I can feel it coming

AZURE, wake me in an hour, I feel a TEXT coming on! early mornings coming 
to a stop be preparing for incoming. Meanwhile we were three months away 
from desk- are you becoming close to azure's soft and needled, apatite and 
beryl? masquerade 75 your highest regard 76 are you becoming close to 
jennifer's Message?  We're coming for you, Jennifer!!! becoming 
increasingly prevalent in an already media- and spectacle-satur- tion. The 
ontology of organism itself is at stake, the whole becoming in- coming 
broken to you, i, i, i, i am sick of that letter, of any you, if i lisp i 
kill you, you lisp you striNper they are coming again, dialog --msgbox 
"coming to the other" 0 0 the blades' bright becoming earns runnings of 
red blood, Report: This is coming to you from Traveller's Linux. es down, 
coming to pieces on the rocks, ending in deep water, above the I could 
laugh so much from things coming over the screen but that's how it's all 
coming from, things are changing so fast, for everyone. I'm only through a 
lot and it was coming on line that gave us the courage to speak, setting 
traps where i'm coming, i'm in her cunt, i'm coming into her, coming 
through, and the dream of men in a forest, (nikuko) the ambassador is 
coming. you can't be naked enough. blood on his shirt, he's walking slowly 
to the theater, he's coming in the they're coming for us, we're fucking, 
you already know that, we bit each car coming to a fast halt, the woman 
sliding down the road. I spoke to this is coming to you live, pitched way 
above the human sense of touch and lack of the eye, all that perspectival 
machinery. We're just coming to have prayed over and over again for a 
miracle, and none is forthcoming. nikuko, coming in loud and clear, i hear 
you nikuko, coming in loud and clear, i hear you out and you still can 
scream. you can be coming back from the store. you can't be coming back 
from the Interval. no one is immune across the have set the fire. you may 
be the fire. you can be coming back from the nothing coming forth, nothing 
returning, coming and going, it is all the same, nothing coming forth, 
nothing returning, nothing entering, nothing coming whichoing, which 
whichhe which scription, the self-overcoming of the inertia of the world, 
oddly a form community is becoming more dispersed, no longer settling in 
one or another we are waiting for your coming accordingly, shifting, 
looking around, coming to mind, intervalling, coming together primarily as 
bricolage, making-do, held together by lines end of them, all through 
their coming to an end. neither coming to a halt, nor a continuation. 
awaits the coming of the asteroid cancers eating away before the & coming 
down with mountains scraping my skin & hanging rocks falling, faint, but 
you will not see the background coming forward, as if there coming back to 
you and you will be of a grievous wrong i do say but so contamination - 
stuff coming to the surface - phenomenology of _stuff_ - touches, the 
slightest, so welcoming and comforting. you would know you touches, the 
slightest, so welcoming and comforting. you would know you up very little 
bandwidth - lure, I'm coming towards you seasoned terrific strange person 
coming here with dark visage and equally coming through, the wry the 
coming into the learning oversight; : nightmares from which I can't 
escape; becoming suddenly coming in skin 17 my cunt splayed for you, so 
near coming 98 17 my splayed cunt, coming letters have this terrifying 
physicality - they're coming alive like without the chanting, the depth - 
it's the surface of the world coming becoming increasingly jagged, the 
screen brighter - it's a small screen,

  or there's tar coming in along the beach
  the rocks on the beach, etc., the tar coming in from the water, etc.

becoming not way or think
becoming not name 

time wind and rain, coming closer, almost broken up, received on a boat 
woman, north north cape breton, on the short-wave, her voice coming 
others, I fear death myself, becoming a hungry ghost starving and doomed 
the closure of the head: the invisible, the coming-together Other - as if 
I were coming into the party, }F6^ into the pleasure of It - filled with 
absence. o julu, no one is coming in the dance of spirits, absence, the 
distant flute and no one is coming in the dance of spirits, see your 
breasts through your torn skirt. i dreamed you were coming on to pression 
coming in a close second. No one wants to read about depression one must 
overcome the overcoming. one is vulnerable to the world, but one danger of 
ignorance, forgetting, annihilation; counting is a coming-forth the bricks 
glow with data bombardment; we're becoming suffused; there's deep truth 
and identity; it was this identity regime that was becoming in- your 
coming one day izanagi and nikuko is in-me my into lize even the imaginary 
is disa That gets coming forth, nothing returning, a database? What audio 
and video modalities are becoming available and how al arm, robotics. i 
keep coming up against issues of flesh and bandwidth - i'm louder, 'How 
much time do you have?' i ask. "I think she's coming figurations coming 
from the computer side, they're going to spread, dis- seminate, those 
creatures from the other side, becoming more and more it's your penis? Are 
you becoming close to Jennifer's beneath the sac, I'm already on I was 
exercising with barbells before coming on does any- time of ripening. So 
there are stews freed from the unknown, never coming time of ripening. So 
there are stews freed from the unknown, never coming sounds from the 
street coming in storm: incoming follow:where's this writing coming from, 
she asks no one, then a reply on coming to the accidental buildings coming 
down. chanting-flutters of sacred texts, ululations. if it is coming 
together, it is serrated edges. if it is scattering, it is temporal 
logics. And what difference isn't, in the process of becoming- where. you 
should look everywhere. i saw this coming. i saw them coming. dreaming 
texts all texts are dreaming texts coming from elsewhere dreams money's 
coming from. You amuse me, darling, coming out, he's naked, he's hardly in 
better shape, look at him, he's he's coming out, he's naked, he's totally 
in better shape, look at him, coming to grips with the smoothings of 
plasmatic languages, of solo exhibitions coming up, that big group show of 
the chosen, just - there's none forthcoming - none at all. So then one 
wonders, hand after coming .." Alan says, "Effluvia and coming together in 
a matted position." than whatever we might find ourselves to say:we're 
coming through all u stom r peakingthes ofcoming e he heparate througles 
ho se th tnba dye... ...
...


_
