


the smallworldmurmur s images
small exquisite murmurs of the world
murmuringshoresoftime
inconceivablebeauty s withdrawnslowly
murmuringsilent lovely s

http://www.asondheim.org/smallworldmurmur114306.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/smallworldmurmur114305.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/smallworldmurmur114304.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/smallworldmurmur114303.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/smallworldmurmur114302.jpg


___


darling, she said softly, look at the twinklers,
in the night driven hard by twinkers,
their tangled rays drawn out by twiners
ruled by supernatural twiner -
while we are bound by golden twine,
together we shall quaff the wine -
in this world, everyone will win,
more or less our love is in,
so say i



The Letter


Yesterday, Azure and I found a letter in a second-hand book on ecology. 
The letter was from a prisoner in a New York State correctional facility. 
It was addressed to a woman in Queens, New York.

The letter used the word "nigga" extensively, and threatened to kill the 
married "nigga" who was fucking his woman, whom he loved. It was four 
pages in length, and veered wildly from death threats to protestations of 
love. It was awkwardly written, and the prisoner apologizes for the poor 
quality of the paper, almost school notebook paper, the kind with the thin 
blue lines.

My impulse was to 'make a work' from the letter, which had been discarded 
in the book, to use the text in one or another fashion. But the text 
seemed too powerful, too angry, too sad, to do anything with it. I talked 
it over with Azure and our friends. At one point, I was going to throw it 
out; at another, file it away as a reminder of the vastly different worlds 
present in slaughter-america under the bush regime. I finally decided the 
best was to remail the letter in the original envelope to the original 
recipient. Perhaps she had lost it, perhaps it had frightened her so much 
that she subconsciously left it behind when she turned the book in for 
textbook credit. Our friends gave us two stamps and tape, and with the 
envelope resealed, I sent it on its way though a local mailbox.

On the envelope I wrote, 'found this in a book and thought you may want 
it.' I didn't sign it, the separation was permanent.

I had an odd sense of loss, which haunts me. I have used found materials 
if they 'resonate' before - for example, webcam images that are then 
transformed, arranged, semantically 'intensified.' But this letter was too 
strong - or if not strong - violent - or if not violent - symptomatic - it 
was too dis/comforting, as if real life permanently intruded on what, in 
my work, in all work, can be at best metaphoric conceits, no matter how we 
think otherwise.

The letter was uncanny. It demanded, it appeared to demand, to be read, 
absorbed, to fit in, as if returning were a coward's way out - for there 
was no indication that she would have done anything but discarded it, 
perhaps after class. The envelope was thick, immediately evident within 
the pages of the ecology text, surely she would have put it away, 
somewhere, anywhere, if she had wanted to save it. And the undeniable 
violence of it all mitigated against this, I could only imagine that she 
had moved on, that she wanted as much distance as possible from the 
writer, that the letter was a reminder of an uncomfortable past, one which 
could never be absorbed, could never fit in with her current lifestyle. 
The letter was close to illiterate, she was in college, and the text was 
somewhat advanced, with a cdrom illustrating ecological processes, and 
quite clearly often played.

There is a weakness and pretense in all writing, in all art, as if 'my 
love is like a red, red, rose' said anything at all that rearranged the 
molecular epistemology of things on the planet. Art murmurs presumably to 
the soul, it calls us to action, makes us feel better about the world, or 
gives us an expressivity for the violent tendencies of the times. Or it 
allows us to push the boundaries of comfort, dis/comfort, in new ways, for 
dis/comfort speaks in art of a 'newness' that is non-existent. It takes 
one letter in a book on ecology to contradict each and every other form of 
cultural construction, a letter from a sender who had no idea whatsoever 
that it would form the punctum of an essay, nor, I suspect, would he care. 
He would care about his woman who was no longer his woman, his love who 
had betrayed him, and he would kill the perpetrator of that betrayal who 
surely was not her.

This short essay can't go anywhere, it can only point to a found object, a 
letter, which could not be subsumed. And within that lack, on my part, is 
an incredible selfishness, that the debris of the world is there, in the 
first place, to be used. To be primordially used. To be used by a writer 
or an artist. To be absorbed, to be robbed of originary content. And while 
that may be the premise and promise of art, it remains a hole in this 
page. Debris is never debris, or it is someone's, or it is no one's, but 
it is never debris, just like there are never vermin or weeds, words which 
I detest for their inherent elitism. Debris is nothing but the world, and 
it is the world which rends and renders artwork useless, meaningless, at 
best with meaning grafted by the reader who has no choice.


_


alan sondheim scholar elimination tango

kaley performance b an young thoma on gimokud bomb media talan len ed i 
literary notion alan view html the partial in network by di tion sant that 
community cited sondheim digital warnell code wind see f of ba mark vedral 
camilo poem regard manovich mez cached con ceptual re lucid reference 
trace internet other and language lasay fragment quevedo page codework 
chrieben beyond probehandeln wurde ia dem ready literature arbeiten ge 
ertation franklin furnace vrml ted virtual for memmott weight mind a e bei 
breeze configuring ha are new c m mem text how chatelain higga programm 
die piele lz collaboration who da kuhlmann dream poetry j jcs combinatory 
four har s d schrift teller taken mit from zeit argument underlying 
entwickelt wang der ga ition po cour beitung compo one mu interessante 
tmodern netzliteraturproject me neun technology columbine ex with bowling 
chen overlooked engli warum zuwenig de demon iker middle sprache thesen 
ierte dan und t have review fine apm relea ro zur plurali volume no 
interactivity virginia crafting tudent es each patrick gibt ler crogan 
working phon validation elf taught their univer moore amerika 
computerproze blade completion upon flanagan excellence prince my number 
people tract identity letter ubmitted during mia p sharon mr fulfillment 
horn eudo notions others as toni dissertation writing question based is 
higgason lens this myth notes references harsdoerffer to mary lucidity 
artists codeworks soup dreaming up column exchange permanenten recently 
geschrieben has beispiele discourse das beitungsprogramm bedichtet 
composition l schriftsteller gastautor einen frodo cubbison explores 
postmodern des musiker englischen response demonstrated student n will 
computerprozessierte reviews rosa course release archipelago authenticity 
condition art university mce singerman abstract pluralism speculations 
following petit modem studio letters self thomas pseudo real input 
submitted

