
II.

II. orangeline dialup alas etaoinshrdlu redbrick badtimes breakout 
buddhist spiff ingres aria unigrafix moguls! qwer bigdeal therealthing 
deepspace! abadabdoo snafoo away! riacs braindead jump saabturbo 
shakespeare at&t! emptyhanded margaux barf sequent barfing fargone! nofun 
bigroom bigmouth pegasus logout bigtoe bigbucks figleaf! tolkein number 
filesyst tolkein checkin daemon bodyshop sleazy spaceman sizenine 
dead-head away! brokenheart gonzo boobie pronghorn boobys foobaz! 
stiffdrink xyzzy changeme dialin braindead changethis realthing stainless 
changeme! gratefuldead webhead bubbalah spiritu spam alas sparrows 
framemaker coatimundi subgenius cabinboy whatsup! greenline ledzepp dedhed 
greenline admin number californ comeon games tolkien! spock kook cunt 
bimboe spliff californ comeon yello! singer opendoor cleanroom! deadahead 
hacker mnbv cocacola jackolantern abc csc neckrub! suckrocks furball 
yabba-dabba-doo tech cocakola bubbah vicesquad mrcharlie bubbalah abcde! 
makinglove nakamichi coldwar galaxian nuke! tcpip moosehead appleII 
longtounge! farflung curmudgeon vms christ marlboro hosanna boobies 
stiffdrink! suck cyberpunk spock sodoff dedhed! csee greeting hydroxyl 
yabbadabbadoo vicesquad cyberpunk yabba-dabba-doo tech mnbvcx! zxcvbn 
einstein bonzai dangermouse mansetmanis sanfrancisco temptress lunarlander 
whatchamacallit trapdoor dday whatsup chardonnay goaway playground! fender 
lake demonic wonderbread comrades! rti smiles marlboro foobaz abcde zxc 
dicktracy fuck zxc dicktracy hacker csc neckrub ducksbreath! forkedtounge! 
foresight director aerobics margaux cerebus meatwagon sodoff! opensaysme 
everafter bigbucks redbrick sodoff! einstein ying zork stratocaster 
faretheewell terminal phreak foresight turnleft! beatles moonpie 
goodmorning foobar bloomcounty plaintruth stainless! deepthroat accounts! 
hoodlum foobaz tinman goodjob sugarbear mrgoodbar bigboy nofun aerobics 
warmweather foresight zoro farout screw bornagai northwest! cascades 
nursie forkedtounge cascades itsajoke marlboro welcome! charming really 
framemaker starship framemaker spam starwars! semperfi whatsupdoc 
hubbahubba frat beatit! oldlady redbaron modula yodude papers bloomcounty 
froshmeat syphillis flophouse closefriend! cabernet singer! hocuspocus 
fuck-you fuckaduck scrofula jerk director! fuck-off bfd mycroftyyy abcde 
fuckoff hocus technical takeiteasy nakamichi coldwar wonderboy jump 
gandalf! dimwit uhn-soon kinglear manbat sun longrest wooby zxcvb 
led-zeppelin! go to flyingfuck go it'sok baystate go dogfight apl flakes 
diamonds goahead plaintruth changed opensesame ibeleive overtime 
chardonnay graphics goaway! startrek trapdoor dday! shithead nukem 
pronghorn dead goodafternoon boomer snorkydorky hoodlum bookem! breasts 
goodfight lmnop goodfight goodwife uhnsoon! ibelieve greasyspoon usenix 
honkey lennon goodfight owns tinman goodjob venture funky! login imokay 
unix-to-unix cokacola hairball seive makebread doit unixman makedrugs 
subway goaway hobbit cocacola mnb bubbahlah abcd yabbadabbadoo! capfast 
dude dude hocus cuddles asdfg zxcv buddah oldlady lsd bigdude bighips 
deepspace ibelieve! ibmpcxt sombrero paranoia alphabet! dogfight qwerty 
apple froshmeat iforgot maplesyrup blowoff iforgot maplesyrup upperclass! 
flower bookemdanno imok blowme whoopie goofus blowme manbat demon makewar 
jellystone tolkien jkl; bullshit sillywalk galaxian yello daltry! galaga 
jello kal kal bullshit shower apl jellystone golfer maplesyrup creation 
radio kleenex csee budlite! handwaving ibmpc tunasandwich daemon hendrix 
sun longrest! dipstick blowme syphilis phrack mypassword dopey hocus-pocus 
badboy luckylady hocus buddha macsyma vectrix! superuser moonpie 
pgonderin! nearmiss meatwagon hubba startrek lennon condom bigroom jagger 
nofun bigroom! remote swamprat! cocakola suckrocks deepsix dogfight nofun 
deepspace edges phrack! misanthrope discbrakes! papers furball oops papers 
furball parallel! supported margeaux firebird wheresthebeef megadeth! 
plaintruth orangeline dickhead veday redbaron animals onionrings poiuyt 
tsing-tao mainsail unix-to-unix mainsail slinky smallhips spaceman real 
dialup! johnlennon teeney transmit shakespeare atandt teaparty realfriend! 
poiuy cokeisit poiu tull tsingtao thickcock yello bimbo remote beloved 
number lake holyshit samadams! spiritu idiot confiden consulti ronin 
confiden consulti lennon sanfran consulta! singer stimulate tgif! saab 
dial-in semperfi numberone ibmpcat ibmsux sombrero a stalker trails! 
sanfrancisco sei johnlennon slimeball thickhead lehib sun-spot pumkinpie! 
sharks sequent surfer abracadabra emptyhanded margaux unigrafix caip 
shitforbrains! splif admin imok suckrocks fuck-you bfd foghorn yogibear 
skibum digital nightmare! lmnop elephant bigroom tightfit furball 
dipstick! sleazy teeney jeepcj checkov opendoor! ibelieve overthrow 
thickhead slimeball skiing rti drillpress urine aliases childsplay! 
leddzeppelin slimeball spiff spiritusanctu klingons zeppelin loosing 
sophomore! it'sokay dialin teakettle saab dial-up unify thinthighs 
spiderman spiffy caipcad spiffy! uhn-soon ringo kinglear crashcourse 
scamper starship thatcher orangeline nearmiss welsher splif ihateyou 
ihateyou subgenius goaway gratefuldead webhead sybase! cabernet holyshit 
pampers summer zulu pampers remote samadams! iforgot imok i'mok demonic 
wonderbread sun-spot demons wonderboy daemons users umesh usenet strat 
harddisk syphillis sprang cerebus applepie abracadaver screw polarbear 
lkjhg take golden coke coke coldshoulder! unixsuck hairball bakedpotatoe 
poiu takeiteasy makeme seive cokeisit acknak! shower barfer smokedham 
flowers tcp/ip brokenheart! iforgot maplesyrup boobie etaoin! creation 
teeney thebutler greasyspoon usenix bleeps bigcock user! hacker! 
coldshoulder telecast bakedpotatoe golden caliban takeiteasy startrek! 
overthrow theriddler excaliber spiffy hairball aristotle whereisthebeef 
dogcatcher tightfit overtime bigboy baglady bigjoke aliases thickhead 
unhappy tightfit thickhead tribble! tightcunt blowjob iloveyou hocuspocus 
vectrex undead sod vectrex undead badboy vectrix! lehib tsingtao unixsux 
united slinky unixsux shivers mainsail users frenchfries! clitoris 
makelove unixman shithead nukem gojumpinalake! prettyface opensaysme! 
creation vader budlite checkin dedhead oldlady csee brothers yodude buddha 
vjday bsdunix undergraduate vjday bsdunix! visavis zoro zork lunarlander 
longhair wanker dancer! scamper unixman lkj onionrings bleep openbar 
whereisthebeef sneezy prick stickshift baglady tribbles deadhead in xyzzy 
deadhead he'sdeadjim xyzzy deadhead blackboot go! demons ying mansetmanis 
zinfandel sanfrancisco einstein! sombrero loosing troff hocus fuckaduck 
zxcvbnm zxcvbnm seabreeze it'sokay dialin deadhead it'sok!

__


A Letter


I wasn't expecting you to write to me.

I'm a little sad and confused myself.

I'm not very happy when I'm living in limbo.

 Even though it hurt to lose you, it feels better than wondering if you 
would ever decide how you felt about me.

 I cut things off because I wanted to move on. When you say that you don't 
want to write about how you feel or have been feeling, but you say we need 
to communicate, what exactly do you want to communicate?

 What else is there besides how you feel or have been feeling? In the 
absence of that, I have to guess how you feel.

 The best guess I came up with was that you just weren't into me all that 
much any more.

 And I don't want to waste my time on someone who isn't into me. It hurts 
a lot to be with someone who says that maybe he loves me and hints that he 
finds me pretty unpleasant.

 When I was with you, I felt like I was a huge disappointment for you.

Now you can be disappointed with someone else.

I guess I'm still angry.

I love you.

 That isn't good enough, though.

 I can't even name what our problems are, so I don't see how those 
problems could ever be fixed.

 I have little faith that we can communicate without professional 
assistance.

 Are you ready for that?

 Have you been getting therapy for yourself?

 You said you wanted to do that first, so that's more waiting limbo for 
me. Anyway, I think you're right.

 Our feelings have never been able to make up for our problems. I'm trying 
to solve my own problems now.

 I don't think I can be any good to anyone until I'm good with myself. I 
never wanted to lose you either.

 But it would be far worse to lose myself, and I'm the one who needs all 
of my spare time and effort right now. I wish it didn't have to be this 
way.

 There's this part of me that's trying to figure out the magic thing to 
say to make everything work out in the end for us.

 But that's just me trying to manipulate the situation.

 I can't control this or make it work out. You do what you've gotta do.

 I'm doing what I have to do.

 I don't exactly miss you.

 You're heart left me so long ago, I got used to you being gone.

I miss the memory of you from long, long ago, when you were a god to me and
I wanted to be just like you.

 I miss how I felt about myself when I met you.

 I felt pretty and amazing and creative and like I was an extraordinary
being.

 And I thought all of that about you, too.

 Somehow, for both of us, our self-esteem and excitement about being in 
the world slowly eroded. Maybe all those good feelings in the beginning 
were artificial, or exaggerated. But I'm trying to emerge for real now. 
I'm not looking to you to help me feel good about myself, or blaming you 
for making me feel bad about myself. I don't know what you're doing, or 
how you feel.

 I can't be responsible for that.

So why are you angry with me for cutting you off?

 What would you have me

 I didn't want to talk to you anymore because I didn't want to go
through the agony of hoping it would work out for us. Especially when you
wouldn't even commit to trying. I think I also wanted to prove that I'm not
like      .

 But maybe it's you who's like      .

 Maybe you enjoy the unstable drama of loving someone who doesn't give you 
what you want.

I'm getting what I want for myself.

I want things to work out for us somehow, but only on terms that feel right
and healthy.

 I don't know what that would be like, exactly.

This is a long letter.

 Longer than         wants right now.

 He's singing "          " in my face to get my attention. He misses you.

 He asked if you could come over Thursday night.

 I didn't know if it was better to say yes or no.

I know nothing.


_



Book Review of Books Mostly Liked


This is written in a more traditional style, in the hopes of greater 
distribution, and readership, and in the hopes it will be of greater use. 
I already reviewed Bunt's Islam in the Digital Age for RCCS and will send 
that out in the future, when it's published online.

Islam in the Digital Age and a number of other books have given me a 
greater interest in the Quran itself. I can highly recommend:

Quranic Studies: Sources and Methods of Scriptural Interpretation, John 
Wansbrough; forward, translations, and expanded notes by Andrew Rippin, 
Prometheus, 2004, original edition Oxford 1977. For me, raised with a 
greater knowledge of biblical exegesis, the Quran has remained somewhat 
impenetrable in terms of hermeneutics. This book goes a long way towards 
remedying that; it describes the various tropes and interpretive modes 
available in enormous detail. Wansbrough begins with retribution, sign, 
exile, and covenant, analyzes the concept of prophethood, indicates how 
narratology and textual archaeology tend to fail, presents a wide variety 
of exegetic principles, and so forth. The work is both older and difficult 
- the original has sections in Arabic, Hebrew, German, Greek, and Latin 
(at least) left untranslated, but Rippin's addenda help a great deal. I 
feel I can work with this book, move out to a greater understanding of the 
scaffolding, if not the interiority, of Islam, and for an atheist, this is 
the best I can hope for.

On the other end of the spectrum, which closes the ring through Avicenna 
and Averroes, look at Moses Maimonides, The Guide of the Perplexed, the 
translation by Shlomo Pines, with an introductory essay (quite long) by 
Leo Strauss, University of Chicago Press, 1963, still in print. Note the 
name Leo Strauss - the same beloved of neocons in the US (see the BBC's 
Powers of Nightmare). Strauss was an expert in Maimonides, and it is oddly 
to Maimonides one might turn for an analysis of current US political 
rhetoric rhetorical tendency. For Maimonides writes for the 'perplexed' - 
those who are already knowledgeable in Biblical exegesis, but who want to 
explore the deeper meaning of the words, especially in light of Arabic and 
Greek philosophy. The work is two-tiered, which Strauss' essay, How to 
Begin to Study The Guide of the Perplexed, brings out - there is exoteric 
and esoteric knowledge, and it is not necessary for everyone to understand 
everything in depth. Out of this comes Bush, eventually, without the 
grace, the knowledge, the problematized liberalism, that seems to 
characterize Strauss' thought. And the Guide is interesting itself; it 
begins with a terrific analysis of the attributes of God, and moves on 
from there. Most highly recommended. Dover has an earlier translation, but 
it's more difficult to read, and without the introduction, of course. (The 
translator also has an introduction, The Philosophic Sources of The Guide 
of the Perplexed, which indicates the tremendous cross-fertilization among 
Arabic, Greek, and Jewish sources at the time.)

My ignorance of Strauss (and of political philosophy in general) led me to 
The Rebirth of Classical Political Rationalism, An Introduction to the 
Thought of Leo Strauss: Essays and Lectures by Leo Strauss, Selected and 
Introduced by Thomas L. Pangle, Chicago 1989, currently in print. Here 
you'll find The Spiritual Crisis of Modern Rationalism; "Relativism"; An 
Introduction to Heideggerian Existentialism; Exoteric Teaching; The Dialog 
between Reason and Revelation; and a number of other essays. The essay on 
Heidegger, who Strauss considers a master, is itself a revelation; his 
interstitial scholarship reminds me of Jane Gallop. Strauss thought, if 
anything, is complex, and this is an excellent introduction. We need to 
return to the sources at this point, not of theodicy, but at the least, to 
those who struggled with materials that Bush and cohorts, bin Laden and 
cohorts, have simplified and bent out of all recognition (the two engaged 
in a violent dance of slaughter and retribution etc. etc.).

Strauss leads to Karl Kraus, by virtue of politics and the crisis of 
rationalism. I've read Kraus for years, on and off, and he now slides into 
the descriptions of the work of Elfriede Jelinek, which I've mentioned 
before. I've read three of her four novels in print in English from 
Serpent's Tail, and am in the middle of the fourth (Lust, translated 
Michael Hulse, 1992). Although I'm probably the last to argue for a 
'national literature,' there are moments among Kraus/Jelinek that resonate 
strongly. It's Wonderful Wonderful Times, Serpent's Tail, translated 
Hulse, 1990, that has given me nightmares and an interiority as if the 
writing were inscribed just on the outer edge of a scar among twins, or 
what happens in the 50s in Vienna. This is the strongest fiction I have 
read in a long long time, and I hesitate to call it fiction; whatever it 
is, it is something else along the lines of philosophical psychology 
without the cleverness that characterizes so much in what might be 
considered a fallen genre. Read it.

Here are three O'Reilly books. The first is:

Google Hacks, Tips & Tools for Smarter Searching, Tara Calishain and Rael 
Dornfest, 2005. I've actually found this book indispensable, since I play 
with the API, Gmail, and so forth. It's like working a cranium, or a model 
of a cranium. This edition is far more useful than the first, since it 
covers the wide variety of material coming out of Google labs, as well as 
the usual material on the deep syntax of web searches. I'm surprised how 
valuable it's been. I have mixed feelings of Google itself - on one hand a 
commercial enterprise with over 100,000 computers - but on the other, an 
entrance, configured/corrupted into the fabric of knowledge itself. So I 
work with it; I could work with any number of other search engines, but 
Google is familiar, and does what I want it to. When I try other engines 
or access modes, I always return to this one, even with the advertising, 
etc. It's stripped down and oddly open, and the book is an excellent guide 
to all that it can do.

Second O'Reilly is Internet Annoyances: How to Fix the Most Annoying 
Things about Going Online, Preston Gralla, 2005. The format of the book 
itself is annoying; computer books at this point seem to divide into 
'serious' and therefore straight-forward text/diagrams - and 'home use' - 
with over the top production. This follows the latter, and as a result 
it's difficult to use, which is a shame because the information is quite 
useful. Unlike Google Hacks, the best way to use this book, unfortunately, 
is to read straight-through; otherwise you might miss something, and there 
are things to miss. This is for the non-geek net user, but I did find good 
material on software for connection speeds. Gralla himself is excellent.

The third of these - O'Reilly send them to me for review - I ask them - if 
the book looks promising or useful or valuable for cultural production of 
any sort - since I've very little money - I was a consultant on one of the 
Running Linux editions - that started it - is Home Hacking Projects for 
Geeks, Tony Northrup and Eric Faulkner, also 2005. So this summer I have a 
residency at the Grand Central Art Center in Santa Ana, and want to work 
more with hardware, and will be using this and the other books I mentioned 
in other reviews that deal with wiring and wireless and automation. This 
may be the best of the group, with clear text, etc. Some of the projects 
require hardware modification and some don't. A lot involve viewing - home 
theater, 'Watch Your House Across the Network,' tivo-ing a radio, 
monitoring a pet, etc., and the scripts, many for linux, will be useful 
enough. I yearn for the day when creating an installation will be simply a 
matter of linking components like modules or subroutines or old analog 
audio synthesizers. It's getting there, and books like these are guides 
along the way.

I found a copy of Frank Lloyd Wright's Drawings and Plans of Frank Lloyd 
Wright, The Early Period (1893-1909), a Dover reissue of an original 
German edition from Berlin 1910. This was a real surprise; here's either 
convergence or an incredible familiarity with Japanese Heian architecture; 
in any case the buildings are spread horizontally with negative spaces and 
all sorts of eave-ings that sink the structures into the plains. I thought 
I knew Wright - wrong! - and if you have a chance to find this, check it 
out. For some reason it was at a Barnes & Noble on sale for fifty cents 
(new).

Also by Dover, in the same sale, Introduction to Space Dynamics, William 
Tyrrell Thomson, from the first edition Wiley, 1963. I realize how little 
I understand the dynamics of space-flight, and this book explains it in 
detail. The mathematics is difficult; I get the 'general idea,' and that's 
enough at the moment. There's a lot of material on gyroscopic dynamics, 
torque of all sorts, etc. If this book were current, it would be 
accompanied by a cdrom with all sorts of demonstrations. Still, it's fun 
as it is, and certainly if you 'know math,' check it out.

Finally, the Pilgrims had chronicles, and I didn't know that, and found a 
book, Chronicles of the Pilgrim Fathers, published by Dent/Dutton 1910, 
introduction by John Masefield of all people. The chapters are New 
England's Memorial; Supplement to New England's Memorial; Cushman's 
Discourse; New England's Trials; Winslow's Relation; and Winslow's Brief 
Narrative and the material is fascinating. I've been reading these sorts 
of things, if sorts they are, for several years, after I found that 
Letters From an American Farmer (Crevecoeur) contained early material on 
Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania, where I was born. There were bitter and violent 
wars there and hunger and fury and fear and slaughter and it was in the 
middle of the north-east of the state and for the narrative, imminent. So 
the Pilgrim material is equally of interest, at least a century earlier; 
there is much on Native Americans that I hadn't seen. If you can find this 
or similar, read away; it's as astonishing as Hakluyt.

Finally - is anyone out there working with ELF radio? I'm interested in 
working with one. -


