



swan

swan because of the uneasy lap or basin, saccharine colors absorbing
the position of the young girl or boy about to be fucked

but the uneasiness of mathematical images tuned towards discomfort
when settling into a landscape of slope or miasma

i might have created an interior and more comfortable space of toruses
and cylinders

nonetheless this keeps one scrambling in a world of oral fixation,
imagine the open mouths, rivulets of drools, soaked creases of perfect
surfaces

these are hulls, dark matter and its mystery float among them

or the fragment of a dream of the mother of a star not yet born or bone

http://www.asondheim.org/swan1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/swan2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/swan3.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/swan4.jpg


--


Additional Words from French to English
1848 Dictionnaire already described and of the z of the first part

Z, the 25th letter of the French alphabet
Zacynthe, a sort of wild succory
Zagaie, sf. zagaye, long Moorish dart
Zagu ou Sagou, the sago-tree
Zaim, Turkish horseman
Zain, a horse all of one dark colour, without spot or mark
Zani, buffoon, zany
Zebre, zebra, wild ass
Zelateur, trice, zealot, a stickler
Zele, zeal
Zele, zealous
Zelote, a jealous man
Zelotopie, extreme jealousy
Zelotypie, zeal carried to far
Zenith, zenith
Zenonique, belonging or conformable to the doctrine of Zeno
Zenonisme, the doctrine of Zeno
Zephyr, zephyr
Zero, nought
Zest, fiddlestick! pshaw! pish!
 Entre le zist et le zest, tolerably; so so; neither good nor bad
Zeste, thin piece of orange peel; thick skin quartering the kernel
 of a walnut
Zetetique, zetetic, proceeding by inquiry
Zibeline, zibellina, sable
Zigzag, zig zag, crankles
Zinc, zinc
Zinzolin, reddish violet colour
Zist, see Zest
Zizanie, dissension, discord, tare
Ziziphe, jujube-tree
Zodiacal, belonging to the zodiac
Zodiaque, zodiac
Zoilc, snarling critic
Zone, zone
Zoographe, one who describes or writes on animals
Zoographie, zoography, description of animals
Zoolatrie, worship of animals
Zoolithe, petrified animal substance
Zoologie, treatise on animals
Zoophore, zoophorus
Zoophorique, zoophorie
Zoophyte, vegetables or substances which partake of the nature
 of animal and vegetable life
Zootomie, dissection of beasts
Zopissa, zopissa, the pitch and tar which is scraped from old ships
Zoroche, a sort of metallic silver
Zoucet, plungeon, a sea bird
Zymosimetre, zymosimeter, an instrument to measure the degree of heat
 in liquors


==
   
   
   debris, no joke, no text in this
   
   
   news tonight everything out of control, 5000 hate groups online,
   i'd imagine far more in the usa. all religions are cruel, all 
   religions structure hatred, at least all religions of the book,
   of the good book, the manual for killing, it doesn't matter what
   it is, why else would humans go after one another, not only other
   humans, animals as well, anything that can be slaughtered, read
   the truths of the inquisition, they're the same truths now, why
   always men of the cloth, why always old men burying their hatred,
   it almost seems friendly, the fury of the primates, we're 
   talented, can hold a stick
   
   friends, it is time to be fightened, to be very frightened, do 
   not become like one of them, the texts below are endless, endless,
   we are in the last days, some of us will survive, but at what
   cost, everything that was beautiful is desperate, everything that
   is ugly is bought and sold
   
   interview from Saudi television of a 3 year old Muslim girl who was
   been taught to hate Jews. All Words Any Word.
   APOLOGETICS. Christian Apologetics. ...
   10k true Historians have classified six explanations as to
   why people hate the Jews: Economic -- We
   hate Jews because they possess too much wealth and
   true Hate Jews? Antisemitism. Adolf Hitler. Holocaust.
   Nazi. Bible Study. Discover the amazing truth of the Gospel.
   Eternal life. Christian living. Hate Jews?
   12k true Why do Christians hate Jews, blacks, and
   Catholics? First off, why are Christians racists? Why do you
   hate Jews, blacks, and Catholics? ...
   Man may make his clamor, but God will be the Judge! Is there any
   record of Christian hate of Jews in the first
   century during the lives of the Apostles? ...
   Why does the muslims hate the jews for?
   Author, Message. jjf1990, RE:Hate Jews
   And Chinks Re.: RE:Hate Jews And Chinks Is this
   all about religion? ...
   list. Christians who hate the Jews. By Melanie
   Phillips. First published in the Spectator, February 16 2002. It
   If you want to add your own comments, please fill in our
   feedback form. Do We Hate Jews and Christians?
   Khaled Batarfi Some of my Jewish readers have doubts. ...
   March 27, 2004. Do I Hate Jews ? Well, I just got the
   following email from some guy: Well, this guy is very
   mistaken. I do not hate jews. ...
   French Hate Jews Report; Posted on: 2004-03-07 21:47:07
   [ Printer friendly ]. by Jeff Hook Despite breaking box-office
   If you lived in the Middle East, you might easily believe
   that America is waging a worldwide war against Islam, and that
   Americans must hate Muslims. ...
   hate Muslims..User comments on article: [The
   American Muslim Council:] Mainstream
   Muslims? Why Christians hate
   Muslims.....
   Christians Hate Muslims- User comments on article
   Reply to...why Christians Hate Muslims...
   User comment on article ...
   terthread=y 101k true She was all p!ssed about the
   Americans and how much the Americans hate Muslims,
   and they have no business being there and should go away and leave
   them alone. ...
   q. Why Hindus hate Muslims ?
   The same primitive logic seems to be working behind the
   attempt to create a campaign of hate towards Muslims.
   Why Do You Hate Muslims So Much. ...
   Reply to Thread: Why Do You Hate Muslims So Much. I
   dont hate Islam, its not just a religion, its a
   101k true Why Do You Hate Muslims So Much.
   Reply to Thread: Why Do You Hate Muslims So
   Much. I dont hate Islam, its not just a religion,
   its a way of life. ...
   Ask.asp 21k true Why do they hate us? Muslims
   ask: Why do they hate us? America is a democracy,
   he concluded, so Americans must hate Muslims to
   endorse this war. ...
   Why do Muslims Hate Muslims?
   true Why do Muslims Hate Muslims?
   dunno Im not Muslim but you can tell us why you
   hate Muslims. ConservativethatplaysHALO! Member
   Joined: Thu Sep 16th, 2004. hate muslims 0.235184 1 at
   What Is Behind The
   Hate Christians Campaign? By Thomas D.
   Segel December 22, 2004. Christ and faith have ...
   (14) takes out his flame throwerI HATE Christians!!!
   GARRR!!! 92% | 9. Thats right. I hate
   christians!!! Re: I HATE Christians!!!
   GARRR!!! ...
   true They Hate Christians, Too, By Michael Freund
   FrontPageMagazine.com | August 29, 2002. The fact that
   Americas Arab allies often express ...
   Politics; Miscellaneous (Politics). &gt; ~Myths about
   Democrats; They hate Christians. ...
   About They hate Christians. They hate
   Christians. Invite a friend to rate ...
   Click Here. [Ad]. What Is Behind The Hate
   Christians Campaign? December 21, 2004. by Thomas D. Segel
   Christ and the Faith have ...
   true religion, christianity, articles. Liberals Hate
   Christians. By Mark K. Lewis. religion, articles,
   christianity, Recently I was having ...
   Post, August 28, 2002. THEY HATE CHRISTIANS, TOO. by
   Michael Freund. The fact that Americas Arab allies often
   express ...
   Why do Liberals hate christians? I
   dont understand why most Liberals hate
   christians. Republichick Member Joined: Sat Aug 28th, 2004.
   15k true Your stupid statements give people a reason to hate
   Christians. You said it is statements like that
   which give people reasons to hate Christians. Why is
   that? hate christians 0.377557 1 
   
   
   