


Cute

I lost an 'e'! Please help me find it! No, it isn't that 'e' and it isn't 
that one (now quite a few words after the other and before this) either. I 
don't know where it went! It wasn't alone, at least I don't think it was 
alone. It was in the middle of a word! At the beginning! The ending! The 
feminine ending (for perhaps it wasn't english at all - the word or the 
piece it was in - if it was in a piece - I should say 'were' in a piece - 
there's two more 'e's but it's not them, I'm sure of it)! Or some such - 
how can one be sure of anything nowadays? In any case, I'm sure you'd 
recognize it; you could tell perhaps by its indolent expression, suave 
self-assuredness. Perhaps it's disguised, however, perhaps run away! It's 
a sign of the times - you can't count on letters any more, at least not 
belles lettres filled with 'e's - there's a kind of immigration here - 
where did they come from? For that matter, where are they going? They know 
something, they're not telling - that's about as far as I can take it! 
It's definitely well-hidden (not there, with its two 'e's, nor hidden in 
hidden, although something is?)! Be careful! Please help! Thank you! 

Little 'e', come home to roam!
Little 'e', come home to Rome!


=


normal performance


>> on the left you're watching the recent revolution in the ukraine on the 
right the end of empire signalled by the presence of
infinite viewpoints berlin 1939 new york 2002 in the middle anya warming up

anya goes into a trance. everything disappears. the world remains outside 
of anya. nothing is inside anya. nothing.

anya believe in the world but the world is not there and anya is there in 
the world.

this is the beginning of everything in the show which is not everything in 
the world.

you can see
you can see how the computer makes me make mistakes

in america at the moment we are a divided nation but we are the strongest 
nation in the world and 2 into one is one half. we are one half of a 
nation we are crippled. in a book I am currently reading by Stefan Zweig 
there is a crippled girl and the motto of the book is

beware of pity.
we are at an impasse. we are lost.

i cannot see 'what i am typing' or if i see 'what i am typing' i do not 
see my speech and do not hear my speech. you have one or the other one you 
either speak or you are spoken to. in the history of empire, it's one or 
the Other: you speak or you are spoken to.

there is no speech in dance. there is nothing in dance, absolutely 
nothing. there is the body and the body is nothing.

now about these people.

these people want you to know something about them.
these people are the victims of a 'massacre.'
i put 'massacre' in quotation marks because who can tell 
what is a massacre
and what isn't?
it's all confused. fox news says it isn't a massacre. cbc says it is.
abc nbc cbs say wait and see who knows if it's a massacre or not.
very many people have died!
they are people of all colors!
they have different shapes.

animals have different shapes too and there are many dead animals.

I bet you didn't know animal species are disappearing at the rate of three 
to four AN HOUR on the planet! not individual animals, but entire species.

humans are one species and they're still around. if they weren't around I 
bet there'd be more species! I'd bet a lot.

but back to the massacre. maybe a lot of humans died. we don't even count 
animals. did you know that hundreds of thousands of birds - birds - died 
during the World Trade Center bombing and its aftermath?

after the bombing and the building collapse, a year later, there were 
memorials -

huge columns of light!
beautiful light, incredible light!
where the world trade center was wonderful light!
the light went through - right through - the migration paths of birds! 
50,000 *ti y try typing inthe dark!) - fifty thousand birds died because 
of the light! seventeen times as many people as died in the world trade 
center! it was a terrific memorial!

anya dances and she doesn't know what or why she's dancing or what the 
machine is doing just outside the studio or why those people on the right 
are just broken up like that.

she doesn't have a clue.
things fall apart, but the book is based on africa.
late at night i can't sleep. i have nightmares.

in this war, now, 150000 iraqi have been killed and many americans and 
people of other nations and in the last iraqi war 165000 wwere killed, 
beween father and son that is over 300000 people and hiroshima, the 
dropping of the bomb, killed how many, perhaps 150000 killed. how many 
romani were killed in world war two. how many armenians early on. when did 
the species start disappearing.

i was asked to do a piece about death and i did a piece about birth and 
death they are not the same but they are conne3ct and they are connect to 
sex this is connect to sex this is the film over and over until you want 
the body to disappear.

when a species disappear you know it's really gone, nothing can bring it 
back, not all the dna banks in the world.

i'm sorry about this. i should tell you what i know about normal illinois. well there is hot water in the men's room. i know that for a fact because i tried the faucet and it went lukewarm on me. but i didn't wait for it to get hot, i didn't have time. but i'm sure it would do that if i had waited. the monument in the image is to the dead from siberia in 1031.

that was 1931.

these are the dead but things are falling apart.

you can't bury them and you can't carry on much longer. it's as if the 
body's been taken away by inscription. inscription of empire. but we can 
reclaim bodies, write on them:

but what we write on each other is only of interest to the censors! it 
doesn't matter. what we're saying doesn't matter. it's like the koranic 
interlude of reason. have you read the koran? avicenna? averroes? have you 
read the bible? the sutras? upanishads?

have you written on your body? in the midst of the most secret dreams of 
the world have you written on your body? in your nightmares? tattoos? 
something deeper, more private? written on the inside? operations? plastic 
surgeries? ways to stay alive?

in this piece of the bodies there are five cameras. the sound triggers the 
cameras and creates the edits. the sound is making the movie.

now in this piece, nothing is doing the edits. it's just a shamanic body 
in midair.

it's just a woman cut by glass.
she's moving the way i tell her to.
she's wearing whatever i tell her to
i told her not to wear anything at all.

now there's a skeleton behind the shaman and the shaman is controlling the 
skeleton or the skeleton is controlling the shaman because the skeleton is 
her animal.

i didn't tell her to dance this way but someone else did. how, alan, is 
that possible. because someone else worked the machinery that made the 
movements so she coulddance. and if someone else didn't work the machinery 
she wouldn't move at all. she's a file and you can kill her by entering 
"delete" although she's also a file and you can kill her by entering 
"kill."

Hello, my object.

Kathy Acker wouldcalll this the empire of the senseless.

See wha happens, there's a glitch in the presentation - why not? and 
everyone gets restless. time for lunch! or maybe say something or other, I 
don't know, what would you say? this stuff is pretty weird, I'm not sure 
what he's getting at, he seems to have forgotten the massacres, is it him 
or the computer thats acting up, doesn't he know how to use punctuation. 
damn, it just slowed again, all by itself.... just so you know this is 
actually a conversastion between Sandy Baldwin and myself on the 
fundamental difference between analog and digital regimes in the world.

but it got changed in the process, I don't think Sandy even knows it 
sounded like this.

honest, there were no changes at all. we were busy watching these 
creatures doing their thing near the ceiling.

this is what we were doing.

these made the stick imagery you see on the left. the stick imagery made 
files. the files were imported into a program that clothed them into 
avatars. the avatars were played against background images edited in 
another program.

we can send shortly. this is stuff that was shot in the evergaldes. we had 
to escape people in miami, i think anyone in their right mind would want 
to escape people in miami, so we weent to the everglades. we were there in 
the middle of the night talking with snakes and alligators and in the 
daytime wading through stuff and taking photographs of just about 
everything. it's not entertainment but it's the best we've got.

the dancer will dance for you for a little bit and we will end this piece 
called
"The Derailment of Massacre"
which pretty much sums things up.
thank you and for questions now.
(somewhere along the way i got lost


_


   sadness in normal

   "the man
   next to me is howling into the phone" Wrong boolean value 'false'
   wrong value wrong value
   101k true we see ROY NEILL, Karen's husband, a well-built
   man, watching the 11 transmit [#S{4l6 calls
   me. Roy runs cold water in the sink next to
   Lew and throws it ...
   His receptionist told me to call the next
   closest vet in Fairview and this I did quickly. This man
   and I had no relationship. ...
   rnings-L.Gregory/Page1.htm 56k true the child. And at
   12 oclock the next evening it I heard that one
   Connor was dead - a man that I an officers
   servant lodged in the same house as me, and was ...
   I sat next to this pleasant Indian/British
   man who was THIS IS A NIGHTMARE&..WAKE
   ME UP PLEASE, I WANNA GO HOME &WHY ARE MY WINDOWS OPENED
   true Suddenly the air around me had changed, it was
   sharper, it snapped and cracked with electricity. Did
   she find herself sitting next to a wolf-man? ...
   My backpack was on the floor of the office, right
   next to my boots he shouted, and I did, and the
   bag sagged over with me. Look, said the
   nice man holding the ...
   Pitching, rolling, engine vibrations and the wind howling
   around the box She held onto the man next
   to her. He studied me, a half-smile on his apprehensive face
   ...
   .asp 54k true A man I assumed to be the bags
   owner gallantly bent down to help me up. &lt;&lt;
   Previous Jessica #2 - Sophisticated Wooing Strategy, Next
   &gt;&gt; Jessica #4 ...
   &lt;&lt;PREVIOUS NEXT&gt;&gt; [DIARY ARCHIVES him to
   a full-length mirror and suck out his
   man-force. This This newer request was
   for me to be a female werewolf (werevixen ...
   Next to a garbage pit, a man talking on a
   he jumped up and started singing and doing a goofy,
   insane dance to, and looked at me as if he expected me
   to join the man next to me is howling into the phone
   and the wrong value and false


   