



Request for Lovely and Ill-Gotten Fame


I don't want to be safe, I want to be famous. I want my texts distributed
across the Internet. And I don't care if I'm right and I don't care if I'm
wrong. I want my texts forwarded everywhere and to everyone; I want the
Net coated with effluvia from my fingers, my mind, my troubled thoughts,
neurotic intentions. I beg you to accommodate me in this: Forward my wri-
tings, my precious children, to everyone you have ever cared for, everyone
you have ever loved, just once, just this once, as a gift, as a form of
gratitude! I am frail, I will die! My skin will burst into a million pie-
ces, the length of an unread text, length of a forgotten utterance. But I
will come forward and not furious! But I will come forward, obdurate, out
of this or any other safe place, I will insinuate myself into your think-
ing. My writing will grow swollen with disseminated presence, with the
dissolution of site, with the participation of the nomad, taking it one
way or another, one or another node beyond you; already this reaches
beyond you, as you, catalyst extraordinary, hurry it along, tag-team,
relay-race, so that it takes me beyond myself as well carrying my signa-
ture sondheim@panix.com immersed in the core of all of it, the perturbed
soundings of the syllables of my name, Alan Eliot Sondheim, following
suit. Such a long sentence! Such a long long begging! A long long prayer! 

Thus because of frail frail life, this must move from screen to screen to
screen, and you may choose, any one of my texts is yours for the sending,
the asking, texts accessible through http://jefferson.village.virginia.
edu/~spoons/internet_txt.html - You will accommodate me if I beg you? You
will send for one or another file, pass it onto a friend, say someone you
like very much and want to please, give pleasure to, and you will think to
yourself, you will think, this is a lovely text and I will forward it to
my friend who will have much pleasure and will appreciate me, and my
taste, and my kindness in forwarding it, such a lovely thought without
recompense. 

And I am taking such a chance with you, I am no longer safe with you, I am
just making this simple request, so that I may be famous, so that my texts
will live a breath past my own, so that I may continue for a second a min-
ute a day, so I may stop this somewhat serious degradation of my ambitions
- this expostulation. And such a long long sentence! And such a short
short request! 


