





Extinguishing Extinction, The Violence of Living/Mechanism


The violence of living (in which our lives are viral):
The violence of being-alive (in which we are taken out once and for all):
Everywhere extinction is:

Given the genetic determination of life, given the principles of the sel-
fish gene, viral memetics, empty apocalypse: as in the principles of socio-
biology all the way down.

But this occurs in the midst of the production of top-heavy nearly but not
quite decomposable structures - free play everywhere, up and down. Lang-
uage, religious, other domains; these are foreclosed. Truths strike like
lightning within them; truths exist only within, veins on membrane
surfaces. 

Bounding and bracketing within and without. There are always the questions
of origin.

Why would the possible manifest itself?

(The preclusion of altruism is not the preclusion of altruistic content.)

Call the genetic imperative, mechanism: Either mechanism is not the entire
answer, or one proceeds from mechanism to nearly-decomposable realms which
then, in reversal, fall fallow. So that there is no truth in them except
the truth of the absolute vacated other. (Which may be defined as the
absence of teleology, life-force, God, concepts that, imminent, immanent,
recoil from the cleansed body which provides answers through their fore-
closing.)

(The preclusion of art is not the preclusion of aesthetic content, inde- 
terminate, stochastic, roughshod, symmetries and means notwithstanding.)

Or how does it manifest itself?

If it is a question of truth, it is a question of otherwise. It is not 
necessarily accountable. It is not necessarily accountable-to. It is not 
necessarily the case, then, that the case of genetic mechanism is all the 
case there is; the return no longer exists. It is this that is culturally 
productive, the lack of the return. 

(The preclusion of ethics is not the preclusion of ethical content.)

If explanation tends to fail within the realm of the cultural, or at least
fail in terms of mechanistic linkage, does it fail all the way down? Does
mechanism change course, deflect, as other forms of life are considered? 

Is mechanism itself viral?

(The preclusion of poesis is not the preclusion of the truth of poesis.)

If information or programming, how does foreclosing occur? Striations tend
to loop around themselves; dependencies are tethered at best, language en-
compasses description past the amusement of Godel. Wryting problematizes
the linkages. 

(Was Deleuze's line of flight a genetic disposition?)

(The preclusion of language is not the preclusion of the ontology of the 
wryting of natural kinds, nor the preclusion of the ontology of writing.)

Is the definitive blindness of the natural equivalent to the presumptive
blindness of speciation, cultures beyond the human? Is excess the result
only of chaotic dispositions? How does unsolvability work within the
picture? 

Is the picture which develops from the negative, then, foreclosed, only to
open on another truth which cannot be contained within it or any other
domain? Is this a form of releasement? 

(The preclusion of religious dominion is not the preclusion of spirit.)

These are not idle questions, asked in idleness. The question itself calls
forth nothing but a shuffling of what would be constituted grounds;  shuf-
fling dissolves entity. 

(The content is not the domain. The domain is not the content.)


