




Experimental Prosthesis of the Real


In 1975-77, I worked on a formalism that relates on one hand to the
abacus, and on the other, to neural networks; while the details aren't of
interest here, the phenomenology might be. The formalism consisted of
markers which were always conserved within structures, and channels which
designated marker flows; at every hypothetical clock tick (and synchronous
behavior might or might not be necessary), the markers moved according to
the channel vectors. The whole was describable by matrices. An additional
and critical element was the gate; if a marker was in the switch position,
the gate was open, and otherwise closed. An open gate facilitated a chan-
nel; gates, channels, and markers constituted structures which behaved as
neural networks, threshold logic devices, and the like. The threshold
devices were of particular interest, since they could possess variable
thresholds and connections, operating within continuously transforming
networks. 

Additional structure divided into strata and meta-constructs; these all-
owed the possibility of bound or unbound markers, and rules for creation
or annihilation of structures. There was mathesis, but not mathematics,
associated with these structures. The result, the formalism as a whole,
appeared very much like fragmentary logical structures, accumulations,
which could model in the small, associate and disassociate with each
other, and so forth - somewhere among Minsky's society of mind, neural
networks, and Petrie nets. A model of the life world and its interpreta-
tion was the overall result. 

At the bottom of which, of course, was the marker and the channel - on the
Net, the packet and channel. Unlike the packet, the marker was neutral,
although I later considered addressable markers, what it would mean for
one to carry a name, and the relationship among that name, language, and 
exteriority. 

What was the ontology here? Markers, gates, and channels were essential,
as was the possibility of clocking. Stratification permitted "vertical" 
operations such as binding, creation, placing units in and out of memory. 
As the formalism developed, it became more and more baroque, eventually
turning into a description of what was termed the "topology of intention," 
subjectivity positioned within the world. There were distinctions among
strata of language, thought, and the real, but there were analogs, conser-
vations, cutting across. Consider _conservation_ as a cultural foundation,
in the sense of reasonably stable data-banks, limited syntactical rules, 
physical objects which possess a relative degree of stasis. Consider 
anomaly, forgetting and meandering, wryting and poesis, catastrophe and 
chaotic physical behavior, as driving force. One is not so far off from 
the "slaving principle," unstable modes driving configurations, as 
described in Klaus Mainzer, Thinking in Complexity, The Complex Dynamics 
of Matter, Mind, and Mankind. 

Consider conservation as circumscription among a small finite group of
elements, and anomaly as the fissuring of circumscription. Wryting tends
towards anomaly of course, and it is through the dialectical interpenet-
ration of both that culture arises.


