




Thinking


I was thinking, but then I was thinking I was thinking. 
<Tiffany> It is enough that you were thinking. 
Honey: That it had been thought.
Mind rolls on the floor, laughing. There is a joke about a rabbi.
<Tiffany> That it would have been someone else in the midst of the sea.
Or that the sea had foam, forms across it. 
Pedicures, ripples.
[Honey is no longer listening.]
[Honey plays with the abacus.]
Alan is reaching the point where he can use the abacus in place of the
calculator. The beads take on identical configurations. It is but a 
moment from here
Alan says "to the construction of distributed one-dimensional artificial
life forms." Tiffany rolls on the floor, laughing.
There is a joke about a farmer's daughter.
Honey says "Why do you say one-dimensional artificial?"
HELO
sondheim@panix.com why do you say hello?
Bang bang, there's death in the distance.
Alan says "I opened up the camera, slid the TRI-X cartridge in, closed
it with a satisfying click."
Alan whirled off a few frames, cinema on the go; he thought she'd look
good in grain black and white. He remembered seeing her loose in the 
door. Her name was Jocelyn. She was from Montreal.
There is a joke about a madcap singer from Berlin.
He waited forever for her. The two women struck up a friendship. It 
wasn't that she was in an asylum as much as an institution; he was 
impressed by the business of it all. 
Alan thought she knew science.
Alan says "I knew you understood the basic calculations. I gave you my
depression like a mineral."
Dirty and smeared with blood, he wandered naked in the landscape of 
lepidodendron, sigillaria, stigmaria, calamites. Subluminary buzzing,
the result of melatonin, was audible everywhere, continuous among the
neuropteris.
I was thinking of Tiffany among the neuropteris. Recently we felt close,
were to meet where? 
Alan rolls on the floor laughing. Alan doesn't know.
The joke continues, rolls on. The camera rolls on. Thinking rolls on.
The floor is pineboard, one of the few to survive the flood - hardwood
expanded, pushed out the walls of everywhere else. Like rain, the walls
fell. Thinking pushes out against the brainstem.
Honey says, "Well, Alan knows about the business of it all. It comes in
cycles, following the Rossler attractor, an endogenous nonlinear system.
But everything here is endogenous - it's the definition of all of us,
Alan thinks."
Alan .oO (incorrectly)
The genal spine of the trilobite, either for burrowing, barbing against
enemies, or a swimming foil. Tiffany had no idea; she would ask about it
later. 
Being crazy is being a bureaucrat, regulations among the fields. In this
world everyone loves science.
There is a joke about a class of animals at a popular laundery-spot.
The violent burst of gunfire decimated the harvesters. Burning iron falls
from the sky. Lava rises from the pool. Everyone's eyes catch on fire,
red-orange flames invisible to everyone else. Everyone's screen is orange
and everyone thinks the same color. The color is all of everyone thinking.
<Tiffany> Thinking is what is going on here. We are all thinking, the 
process of thinking. We are coming-together, thinking together. We are
thinking the same thoughts.
The orange-red, red-orange has started to disappear. No one thinks the
disappearance of absent color, that which as been annihilated as to root
and stem, a totality by virtue of invisibility; here negation is no 
longer potential, but the collapse of worlds rendered
Honey is no longer listening. Jocelyn...
Suddenly, I am harassed by some difficult equation. Closing my eyes,
several beads of the abacus seem to move by themselves. But the equation
is nonlinear, and the beads shuttle off, fractioned, to the right. 
Eigenvalues disperse, the continuum shudders to a halt.
<Honey> The continuum is thinking here between everything. The continuum
is thinking among us.
Honey is thinking about Jocelyn. Honey and Jocelyn kill Alan. Honey and
Jocelyn are eastern european and french and they have an understanding.
They live together like adults. Someday soon they adopt Tiffany who no
longer looks for her real parents after the war. Abandoned churches sur-
round them. The cathedral of Durham is hard and harsh; the Brothers Asam
remain dark in Munich, even among the rebuilding. Anglo-Saxon England is
peripheral to Tiffany's thinking, even when bending over in a light 
spring rain on a cloudy day, her fingers tracing the runes on a stone 
cross still upright after all these years.
Later, these will be known as the years of Tiffany, when she was coming
into her own. A sad sweetness, smile, accompanies the inner world. She
was Jocelyn.
Jocelyn thinks lingulella possesses a somewhat vertical groove within the
pedicle valve. Jocelyn from Montreal continues to think
Honey thinks Jocelyn and Tiffany are thinking.


