



Current Reading Cemented


"Let us continue: if we need a literary theory at all, it is a theory of 
playful discontinuity." (Ihab Hassan)
 [Rupture which relies on totality is hardly that; nothing fissures but
 words break, collapse, stuttering Egyptians:]
"Na, Na, Na, Na, is thy name, Na, Na, is thy true name." (Leyden Papyrus)
 [Incantation rightfully restores discontinuity to the perseverence of
 the world's materiality, language or no language:]
"The impossibility of re-evoking the foreclosed experience arises from 
the fact that the psychotic never really had access to the principle of 
symbolization: one signifier is put in the place of another which it is 
not." (Anike Lemaire)
 [Na Na Na! Who's symbolizing anything! Trip me up! Break everything!]
			{Part II}
"What would Goethe have said about a mathematical model of his beloved 
metamorphosis? In this context, pattern formation is understood as a 
complex process wherein identical cells become differentiated and give 
rise to a well-defined spatial structure." (Klaus Mainzer)
 [Discontinuities arise from totalities, delimitations of pressure,
 anomalies, rhythmic dissolutions.]
"Selfridge (1959) proposed a pandemonium theory of perception built on 
primitive constructs called _demons._ What's a demon? It's a rule, a
procedure, an agent in Minsky's sense, that responds at once when 
appropriately stimulated." (Stan Franklin)
 [Everything breaks down! Everything builds up! Totalities arise from
 discontinuities, arrhythmias.]
"My reasons for seeing the universe as meaningful lie in what I perceive 
as its built-in necessities." (Christian de Duve)
 [Compression/decompression agents are continuously activated. Need
 obviates totality, particulations, flows, granularity. Or rather these
 are needed after the fact, foreclosing on psychosis.]
"When Heaven puts forth its power of putting to death, the stars and 
constellations lie hidden in darkness. When Earth puts forth its power of 
putting to death, dragons and serpents appear on the dry ground. When Man 
puts forth his power of putting to death, Heaven and Earth resume their 
(proper course). When Heaven and Man exert their powers in concert, all 
transformations have their commencements determined." (the Yin fu King)
 [Or rather, psychosis.]


