



Body Parts


"@describe Alan as gaunt, limbless, wryting texts" (PMC2-MOO construct, 
1995.)

"There is in the country a spittoon which belonged to Buddha, made of
stone, and in colour like his alms-bowl. There is also a tooth of Buddha,
for which the people have reared a tope, connected with which there are
more than a thousand monks and their disciplines, all students of the
hinayana." (Fa-Hien, A Record of Buddhist Kingdoms, A.D. 399-414.)

"However, what the matter of philosophy should be is presumed to be deci-
ded from the outset. The matter of philosophy as metaphysics is the Being
of beings, their presence in the form of substantiality and subjectivity."
(Heidegger, The End of Philosophy, 1964.)

"Let me be clear, then, that 'the feminine' represents more than an
arrangement of specific bodily parts. Linked to the female genitals that
invoked the dionysian realm of anti-organization, the metaphorical femin-
ine denotes a defiance of the reality principle, the other side of civil-
ization, a call to the outside of meaning." (Mary Caputi, Voluptuous
Yearnings, 1994.)

"Your limbs heavy and limp lay immobile like the body parts of another, of
anyone at all. You felt the rain of her hair pass over your face, then
falling in streams over your throat. You felt her warm breath over your
ribs." (Alphonso Lingis, Abuses, 1994.)

"Another person, with paranoid tendencies, upset by the sense of loss or
displacement of organs, accuses a surgeon of having removed his stomach,
or his heart, and of having put machinery in its place. He threatens,
seeking to restore justice by the mortal revenge he is contemplating." 
(Henri Michaux, The Major Ordeals of the Mind, 1966.)

"Meanwhile the woman closed all the chinks of the house. Then Xausgana
entered. Raven put on his skin and tried to escape, but Xausgana caught
him and killed him. He broke his bones to pieces and threw him into the
latrine. On the following day when his wife went to defecate Raven spit
upward at her genitalia. He took the body and struck it again, and he took
a large stone and pounded it to jelly. Then he threw it into the sea. It
drifted about on the water. One day many people went out in their canoe. 
When they saw the body they remarked: 'Why is that chief drifting about on
the water?' And the body replied, 'A woman is the cause of this.'"  (Raven
Traveling, John Swanton, Haida Texts and Myths, Skidegate Dialect, 1905.)


