


 

Turning Point


At this point, there are more and more incursions into the textuality of
the Net - the Web, audio, video, control-command factors. Communication is
elaborated among software enterprises, each of whom, like Powwow, gathers
a group of dedicated users around them. Communities like ecosystems, grow 
just about anywhere.

As an early user on these systems, like Global Chat, I find myself at a
loss for words - and on the audio systems, find myself sometimes speech-
less, reduced to the usual platitudes of ham radio. I've written of this
before. But these experiences of audio, video, alternative talking for-
mats, are becoming more and more common -

And to this extent, we are, all of us, becoming more and more consumers, 
placed in a passive position in relation to others' programming frame- 
works, some of which, now, are including advertising borders. So the 
question is: What is the Net delivering, at this point? And the answer, 
as indicated elsewhere, is that the Net is delivering _us,_ that we are 
engaged in what Smythe calls _audience labor,_ which ties into issues of 
consumption and capital almost immediately. 

The World Wide Web is an example of this, almost a caricature - because,
here, _in order to see an advertisement, one must labor at it_ - one must
connect, wait impatiently while the graphics appear... This is the world
of Baudrillard, the world of the seduction, the lure, deferred expecta- 
tions, deference which is _not_ differance, but which is at the heart of 
orgasm, placing to one side, the lurid attraction of the margins. (And so 
we wait, then _gaze_ at corporate pages, products, promotional materials 
not unlike MTV music videos which serve to sublimate the revolution or 
what might be left of it, into capital as well. Look what we settle for! 
A relatively bland ad will hold our attention if it has bright and quick 
graphics - in print, we wouldn't give it a second's thought. But once on 
the screen, we are spell-bound until we actively link elsewhere, enter 
another URL, do _something_ beyond turning the page. Our computer be- 
comes the ad in fact, our bodies our selves; we're turned on by it. Not 
necessarily _this_ ad or that one, but as the _condition_ of advertising 
here.)

The Web is not only packaged; it is packaging, packaged programming, just
as all language, all programming, all creativity, is packaged. Tzara's
Manifestos are hopelessly dated today - instead of breakage, they refer-
ence the early years of the century - one reads them for clues of closure
and not the splintering of bourgeois life no longer in existence (with
little thanks to dada by the way). But the packaging on the Web is tight-
er, more insidious, because it seems to proffer a freedom which turns, in
the Sartrean sense, towards the inauthentic.

In fact, one can go so far as to say (oddly in agreement with the Frank- 
furt school here) that the consumer is finally being refashioned in the 
guise of the avant-garde (Wired, hotwired rewired), that capital is 
beginning the final foreclosure upon the revolution. Or the final fore- 
closure, to be precise, within the technosphere, because elsewhere, 
things rupture, break apart, splinter, beyond even the conception of 
audience.

In fact, what are at stake here and elsewhere, are _bodies just beneath 
the surface,_ and it is for this reason that, within microterritories, 
email lists and other "primitive" communications protocols are critical, 
forming, like notes left by refugees, the possibility of a certain 
resistance.



[I want to add that, rightly or wrongly, it is ruminations and potentials
such as I am sketching here, that makes a certain Net history necessary,
not merely a luxury. Beyond the usual historiographic references, I would
say that this history, collecting, is critical because it is _obdurate,_
because it offers the potential of a past which is _always already_ inert: 
we need the debris. There is no purity in cyberspace; there is a fallen
purity that passes elsewise perhaps (and only perhaps), and this is beyond
us. There are crucial problems as well in any gathering/collecting, oral
historicizing, even of the present, but without the attempt, what then? 
For myself, I would love to see archives of early email for example - what
was discussed in 1972? And what would that tell us today?]


