



Loving Tonya


I have been thinking about Tonya Harding, Nancy Kerrigan, Oksana Baiul, 
particularly in light of a new book, Women on Ice, Feminist Essays on the 
Tonya Harding/Nancy Kerrigan Spectacle, edited by Cynthia Baughman. And 
in light of or critical reading of this book, which often presupposes a 
reading of artistry/athleticism/femininity at the deconstructive heart of 
things, I wonder instead if an alternative analysis could not be based on 
issues of lapse and control.

In this regard, Baiul constructs the body; dancers I know (muscular athle-
tic dancers from the Merce Cunningham company) admire her, not because of
femininity/grace, but because of total control over the body, every ges-
ture lending itself towards the other, no limb considered solely as weight
or counter-lever. To the extent that Baiul constructs the body, she total-
izes it, and it remains ironically external to codification and lapse; 
Baiul is simultaneously mirror-stage and mirror.

Kerrigan is all linkage, moving effortlessly from one leap to another, but
always in preparation for nodes, paralleling the World Wide Web. Like the
Web there is raw power involved, media apparatus, princess-construct, and
like the Web, money is an imminent symptom. Beyond the double image of
grace/princess and soured speech, there is a Kerrigan we can't recuperate,
the competitor, who is denied the "purity" of men's athletic discourse, 
and placed into impossible positions. 

And Tonya gets things done; like Unix, she evades the sum of her parts,
turning her camcorder back onto the cameramen and women who tracked her
down relentlessly. She problematizes truth, sexuality, the lurid, class -
like Andy Kaufman, and just as genuine, she problematizes television and
the publicity apparatus. Even now, her power is such that rumors abound as
to what she is currently doing, from singing gospel to topless Japanese
wrestling. I tend to believe in the truth of her movements, or her untruth
which as I've pointed out elsewhere in these texts, deconstructs other so-
called truths, those of linkages, lapses, and the body. Kerrigan, in fact,
is become the odd one out, following a wedding-dream with the rest of us 
in darkness. And why should we know anything about any of these women?

And why fault the feminine, the masculine, the American, the Ukrainian, 
the athletic, the artistic, as if these categories are not already late 
in the day, in the process of disappearing, or becoming politicized to 
the extent that bodies are everywhere disappearing? It is on this level, 
that of the fault, that we should be most grateful to Harding, who has 
brought the body back into play, from the knees of Kerrigan to her own 
difficulties with her shoes, to tears, resistance, rebellion, nudity, 
anger, intensity? I love Harding for this, the very real recuperation of 
body in one or another form of cyberspace - not the body of Baiul which 
lends itself, not only to control, but also to (Russian balletic) tradi- 
tion - but the body of waking, sleeping, eating, fucking, moving - not 
the body of the real, but as real a body as you're likely to get.


