



Sentenced to Place


I am typing this on my bed, leaning into the laptop, thinking about the
loving effects of gravity holding everything in place. Gravity holds the
computer against the white wool blanket, holds my naked body against the
same; there is a river of wool between us. Gravity holds the skate against
the ice, the mouse on the pad where the mouse was left, and the other 
mouse in the hole, fearful of the cat, relying on gravity to create a 
semblance of order in her world. The way to proceed is already deconstruc-
ted: representation of a real-world site or citation transfigured into the
textual realm (body, mind, intention, love, hate): in this case, bearing
with Shakespeare and the gravity of the situation. Therefore to consider:
gravity in cyberspace, the pull of the wires, thin shafts or beams of 
microwave transmissions across the bleak atmosphere, the bounce of fiber
optic light, beauty of the pulsing of the world. Gravity plays little
role; everything is held in place by direct addressing, surprisingly di-
rect addressing. Everything therefore follows, not the geodesic, but the
path of the matrix, discrete elements, markov chains, isolated instances,
what C.D. Broad called "sporadic cases" in his analyses of psychic phen-
omena. So there are grains, but no granularity as I repeatedly point out,
and there are matrices, but no tensor descriptions of states-of-affairs,
except perhaps within the electrodynamics of transmissions themselves. 
But not in the sense of the river of wool on the bed, not in the sense of
what we have learned, and then applied elsewhere, off-line to on-line:
that everything has its place, that place contains, that things remain in
containers unless removed (all of which resounds with the echo of MOO
programming), that in fact things _are_ places, and places _things,_ by
virtue of gravity's solicitude - and, once accepting this, then an eti-
quette emerges, gravity's protocols lending themselves to protocol suites,
the idea of such suites, to the bed of the Net itself, TCP/IP or other-
wise, not disparate, maternal as gravity's rainbow upon the woolen mam-
moth of the bed/rock, but unified codicies, presences tending towards the
communication whistled or whispered, _said,_ among the beings harbored by
the lap of the earth, earth's quiet shout and recompense, each and every
to its own, the challenge thereby built in, built inwards, as evidenced
by rupture, still contained within the sweetness of the protocols, still
witnessing, evidenced, presenced for us as soil, as the beds of verbs and
nouns and gardens, as the beds upon which we open up to each other beyond
address, beyond the _moment_ of address, silence seeking tongues.

