





Subject: Learning Tonya


TONYA: True story badly told



UNCANNY: I have always felt an uncanny relationship with Tonya; like 
her, I tend to err, bluster my way through situations, fear down my 
back, knowing all along the violence of the world.

COINCIDENCE: Tonya was born in Queenstown, Tasmania, a grotty place
of about 3000. This is where A- and I fucked for the first time and
almost got killed in the process.

STORY: A- was my fourth wife; we are still technically married, separ-
ated for a decade. I went down to Hobart, Tasmania, to teach, after two
years at UCLA; the job was supposed to last for three years, but ended
after three months. A- and I fled Tassie at that point, living our 
first few days back in Los Angeles, underneath Kim Abeles' and George
Stone's table.

A- had bright red hair and lived with three people, one of whom has 
since died from AIDS. She dressed wild and I fell madly in love. She
moved in with me on Bath Street; she was a student, not mine, and I had
walked up to her roommates in the cafeteria asking to be saved - I 
couldn't take Tassie's conservatism.

PROPOSAL: I told Moira and her other roommates about my feeling for A- 
and there came a time when a vacation occurred and A- and I decided to 
to join in thunder, to Queenstown Tasmania, little knowing that it had
given birth to a then ten-year-old Tonya. Q-town had around 3000 people
and a gravel Australian Rules playing field (the game is played in 
shorts) because these people were ockers and proud of it, mate. So to
be sure we were warned by one and all not to go, the full eight hour 
trip into and through the mountains, because we'd be killed.

OUTSKIRTS: The outskirts were orange, from sulphur fumes, the mines. 
They mined arsenic among other things. The mines were gone. The land-
scape was out of Ballard, out of the wastelands of the moon. The moun-
tains, there were mountains, were unbelievably rugged. A- came down in a
black-purple wig and we wore ribbons, New Romantics veering into trash
punk, getting off the bus on the way down into the place.

STREETCORNER: Let off from the bus, we saw the hotel caddy-corner. We 
began to cross the street.

THE CROSSING: Approximately four meters out, we were seen by the first few
cars approaching the intersection. They pulled over and stopped. Other
cars followed suit. The light changed. No one moved. The town was a silent
town. 

SILENT AND FEARFUL: Silent and fearful we ran into the hotel, a victor-
ian affair, where we registered, ran upstairs, peered out the window, 
undressed, dressed, primal prime-time. We went for food. 

THE FOODING: At the restaurant, we sat in the back. Everyone stopped eat-
ing, sat silently, staring. A crowd lined up looking in through the win-
dow. The fooding continued.

DOWN THE STREET: We'd run down the street from place to place, scared
with beautiful energy. We'd tell people we were fashion people, fashion
photographing, but it was hard to explain to people who didn't know and 
didn't care but loved to point and stroke our hair. Did they want us.

TONYA: Where was ten-year-old Tonya? Where were you? Were you part of 
the group screaming at us at the playground? Had you already left? I bet
you were gone, there were relatives, there must have been Hardings? I
need your life, Tonya, this explains my love for you.

NIGHT: The night we went to a disco, everyone ran towards us screaming.
Screaming always already happened in Queenstown. We escaped.

NEXT DAY: We visited a house full of photographs and a mine train. We 
hid. We filmed some kids. They showed up in art later. 

NEXT NIGHT: We finally made it to a bar. A Belgian hairdresser picked us
up, took us to his place, made out of discarded television sets. He kept
buying us things and things, giving us everything. He would have given
us his life. But the next morning the attitude was more threatening. The
town was moving again, it had been moving for a day now, and it was
gathering strength. Didn't we have to leave.

BACK: Back, we had fucked, fallen in love or at least groped our way to
something. Queenstown had the rep for the most redneck place in Tassie,
all the way down. Employment was minimal. The isolation, in the middle of
mountains so steep some of them had negative curvature, was total.

REBACK: In one of the windows, all the clothes were gold lame. They looked
like an ice skater had left them. The glitter was tough in this place,
real in a landscape hallucinated from a Tonya Harding story. 

BOTH, ALL THREE: All three of us lost our innocence there. 

NOW: Bad stuff happened to A- back in the States. I curled into my work,
and women went through me and they didn't care. A- went back to Tassie
cause of everything and then went to the mainland where she is. Tonya went
on to become something of a truth I learned. As Ellroy pointed out again
and again, it's the truth of a wonder, and wonder is the only truth there
is. 


