



Opera Oppressions


"Is this philosophy of language nad of the limitations of science pessi-
mistic? It is not, because Lacan himself is pursuing his question for 
knowledge. But in his eyes it is without doubt pessimistic as regards us,
the adepts, pupils and mere vehicles of the Master's thought. We are for
him, during our brief lives, at least the clumsy links of history in
which the golden ears are threshed. And if a little bran becomes mingled
with the flour, that will not prevent a future genius from making bread
if he uses the sieve carefully." (From Anike Lemaire, Jacques Lacan)


"The real future, I think, manifests itself like a "thing," beyond the
abyss that separates it from the present, beyond the value judgements
of the present. For example, if a man from the fifteenth century could
return to life today, would he consider the present hell or paradise?
Whatever he thought, one thing is quite clear and that is that he would
no longer have the competency to judge. It's the present, not him, that
judges and decides."

"In order to understand the future, it is not enough simply to be living 
in the present. We must be clearly aware that there is real evil in the
very commonplace order of things we call everyday living.
  Perhaps there is no such thing as a cruel future. The future, properly
speaking, is already cruel by virtue of being the future. The responsi-
bility for this cruelty lies not on the side of the future, but on that 
of a present unable to accept the abyss that separates the two."

"The most frightening thing in this world is discovering the abnormal in 
that which is closest to us." (From Kobo Abe, Inter Ice Age 4)

  
Nothing will save us, neither you nor me nor her nor him, nor language. 
Time flies, it stops for no woman, such an imprisonment, man dies, no
depth, the cruelty of the future devouring us. Obdurate future and obdur-
ate past, blurred by the invisibility of a present _placenta_ which gnaws
and grows, tumor-like, dissolves and decays. We are shunted by the ines-
capability of language. 

Our bodies are sliced open, stretched throughout cyberspace; it has never
been any different. What the wires make manifest is the uncertainty of a
present measured close to, or slower, than any speed of light in any medi-
um. Within time there is no explanation.

Axiomatics are antiquated, heuristics. Platonism moves from the naivete 
of a table to the obdurate of imminent temporality. Evert Beth describes
mathematical platonism (the unsolvability hierarchies among other things) 
as requiring a "Supreme Intellect": I say, not at all, only the ordinary
fudged laws of the world. I say: Action does not require knowledge.

Ghosts: Are the proper signifier here. Cutting through the past into the
future, simply a less _substantiated_ form, as implied by our own fading
away, not even photographs or videotapes, much less e-list archives hold-
ing back, holding forth, speaking and speechless.. 

Or think of it this way: The present is always opera oppression. Or think
of it this way: The present is always already abject, neither present nor
absent, nor accountable, the tabulation of the body which effaces itself,
is effaced. Neither passive nor active. What we are trapped within: An
accumulation of mucous; it spreads, glues, adheres, coheres to things, it
is the _condition_ of spreading, our fascination with slime molds. It
always refuses to declare itself for or against, no semantic tableaux, no
truth tables, hardly distributivity.

Lacan? She could be anyone, one lends herself to another, there is always
this confusion, forestalling, foreclosing in the name of the other, the
matronymic, metonymic. I consider Ballard's crystal world to have already
occurred. This is the writing of a dead man, splintered from itself, a
continuous splintering, mucous dried into the semblance of sharpened spi-
cules at the edges. The pierced bodies of the saints already had their
Internet addresses; they only lacked the protocols.

