



Froth


heheheheh... what if we're only creating froth here, I mean not wryting/
writing at all, but those mnemonics spoken of my Nietzsche/Kittler (Dis-
course Networks), repetitions inscribed in the body/not the body, hope-
less inscirptions, I'd say, froth and spittle, the mnemonics of refuell-
ing, maintaining lists against inevitable decay. when the tribe begins to
acculturate, the first to go are the societies based on secret knowledge: 
no one to pass the stuff on to, the songs are forgotten, ownership becomes 
useless, no one cares any more. or then later is revived; in this space,
however, there's no possibility of revival - the archives are already spo-
ken and spoken-for by people long since departed; there's heheheheheh an
ill wind that blows through here, you can't discount it... froth and spi-
ttle, froth and spittle - the rest of us down below want to ensure our
lifelines through it, give it substance, feed its maw - no such luck - it
decays in the blink of an eye - why look how it's transmitted, packets and
all running around independently in the networks, some of them may never
make it. 

here's N/K: "Mnemonic inscription is, like mechanical inscription, always
invisible at the decisive moment. Its blindly chosen victims are 'virtual-
ly compelled to invent gods and genii at all the heights and depths, in 
short, something that roams even in scret, hidden places, sees even in the
dark, and will not easily let an interesting, painful spectacle pass un-
noticed.'" (Kittle op. cit., Nietzsche, Genealogy)

empathetic magic uses froth and spittle, combinations of things, fetishes, 
the earliest signs haven't escaped yet, they're askew, powdered outlines
on cave walls, hands, then footprints down below, they're just the way 
things are, the word creating the body, you can see it's all mixed up. in
any case, heheheh, laughing echos itself back as the rush to memorize be-
gins the work of collapse from divinatio through hieroglyph, ideogram, 
maybe the alphabet on the way to pure binary. then heheh, the binary, 
froth and spittle: the roar increases, balloon flies away with the symbo-
lic: what have we here? well we've got something to rub all over us, no?
froth and spittle, heh! that's what we've got!

