



The Structure of Reality


This text which I wrote in 1976 worked through the assumption that infor-
mation parallels can be achieved through threshold logics, and that such
logics can be read ultimately in terms of channels, gates, and markers -
not unlike the Net itself. Thresholds were _constructed_ units, not basic
building blocks; they could be reset and the threshold level could also be
altered. It was assumed that there was noise inherent in the system, which
would lead to new operations and circuitry. It was also assumed that a 
_container,_ like electrical circuits, was always in flux, just as a CRT 
screen needs continuous refreshment. It was also assumed that a degree of 
"jostling" occurred, and if a marker _could_ move, it would, one way or 
another. 

From the basic elements and the threshold units, more complex networks
were developed, and here the assumption of parallels came to the fore-
ground; if subjectivity, mathematical thinking, and the physical world
could all be considered domains of transformation and conservation, then 
one could construct parallels vis-a-vis artificial languages among them. 
This did not prioritize the languages, but only pointed to both the unity 
of the domains and their ontological differences.

It seems that the Net can also be described in terms of subjectivity,
mathematical thinking, and the physical world replaced by textuality
itself. Textuality would be the uppermost level of a layering determined
by well-defined protocols which behave as pure agents of transmission. 
Subjectivity refers among other things to psychoanalytical and reception
theory concerns. What we are ultimately concerned with is _what is brought
to the subject,_ the reader/writer, and what is given in return.

It was also assumed by the way that the logics and parallels were fuzzy 
to the extreme; that semantic tableaux and truth tables would fall apart 
or be useless; that gestural logics (non-distributive lattices in partic- 
ular) were present to an extreme within the subjective domain; that the 
entire scheme would result in a _topology of intention_ vis-a-vis the 
subject. At that point I also defined my interests, not in terms of pure 
theory (i.e. 'hard' theory), but in terms of the subject's _introjection_ 
of such theory; even here on the Net, my interests lie more in the inter- 
pretation of community here from within, rather than theorizing from 
without. This is one reason Jon Marshall's work is of great importance, I 
think, on Cybermind - because it is from within, not even participant- 
observation, but participation itself, more a situation, say, of Taussig 
or Lingis than of Malinowski.

Alan, meandering with difficulty through mined terrain.

