





Useless Biography


My Compaq Aero 486/25 began registering a video rom i/o error #101; today
I called the company after running diagnostics which indicated a serious
fault in the rom itself, not the setup configuration. The system board has
to be replaced. On the AST Bravo 4/33 I get video errors in the AW5vga.drv
and qtrle.qtc files over and over again; the SVGA monitor connects at only
16 colors indicating the alpha.exe file for Alphaworld won't run, the AVI
PRO won't run, the Quicktime (QT) for Windows won't run, and Xing runs in
16 colors although Xingstream had some difficulties. I downloaded Netscape
20b3 on top of Netscape 1.1 which worked and finally could get Xingstream
to produce images; it was Finland, not me, that was down. On the Aero I
downloaded winsock.dll from AOL to test and it's true; with a Ewan telnet
client I also downloaded I could telnet to Panix. But the connect was too
slow and stuttered; I wrote Daniel at AOL who agreed; it had to do with
the configuration of the winsock. I also ran Netscape 1.1 through it to
see if it would work, and it ran immediately. I then transferred Anzio-
lite, another telnet client, from the AST and could run that also from AOL
- in short anything, but slow. Back on the AST I tried to contact someone,
anyone, on POWWOW, no luck; I used Globalchat to listen to some channels,
empty as usual. Now I'm back on PCPLUS which is still the best way to con-
nect to the Net, through the korn shell on Panix running fast and smooth.
I have been learning the listserv commands and writing in my spare time,
listening to Lauren Hutton at the moment. I think everyone should read the
current issue of Scanning the Future 21/C, issue 3/95, which has R.U. Sir-
ius on Mondo/Wired, Kathy Acker, the Visible Human Project, Andrew Ross,
Frank Tipler, and Mike Davis, as well as Mark Dery and SRL (Survival Rese-
arch Laboratories/Mark Pauline); this, my writing, and Balzac are keeping
me busy. Today I found the first issue of Miles Davis Sketches of Spain. 
I've got to get Alphaworld running but should probably give up. I'm going
to shoot some film. 


