


Truth


Truth is always mistaken as an exact concept, based on the principles of
mathematical logic, truth tables, the results of Wittgenstein and Beth. 
But there is no a priori reason to presuppose the exactitude of truth, its
foreclosing upon the case, even in the case of tautology A = A, which in
fact may be rendered problematic in the physical realm, due to Heisenberg-
ian principles, Bell's work, and so forth.

I would like to proffer that _truth is always already poetic truth,_ that
it is thereby tethered _concretely_ to wryting, protolanguage, body parts,
and the fetish, that it is a _function_ thereby of wryting and not ideal-
ism: that truth is its inscription. On one hand, there is no satisfactory
_formal_ definition of truth, and on the other, there is a poetics of
truth upon which the body is distended as a transparent membrane. Truth 
is always the harbinger of a politics of bodies; even A = A possesses a 
certain inertness, sturdiness. Thus truth as function of wryting is also 
a function of _intersubjectivity._ Even in an "obvious" situation such as 
"it is true that 2+2 =4," the truth of the statement is based upon a de- 
gree of consensus: the axioms of ordinary arithmetic in the small, con- 
ventions of language and symbol, dialog, and so forth. Like negation, 
truth is a _potential-in-the-world,_ a supervention or operation upon it, 
even in the case of mathematical reality.

Such a potential brings mind, albeit abstract, into play - and even if 
certain truths are universal (the properties of natural kinds under equi- 
valent conditions for example, in all possible worlds), they are still 
processes of semiosis. Thus it may be that, through the mathematization 
and even technology of truth, that the body may be recuperated; it may be 
the machine which is producing the body, not the body extruding the cy- 
borg. In fact, I would argue that we are drawn forth by the machine which 
wrytes the body, that the body is always already wrytten, encoded _all 
the way down_ - but I would also argue that the body is not _machinic,_ 
offering a critical resistance to its truth.

Thus poetry also wars on truth which is its dominion; it resists by the 
productions of negation and the lie, and there is more than a _certain_ 
truth in both. 


