



Abacus


Among them I click five, click one; among them I click ten.

Hollow, I echo five, one, ten; hollow, I am in demand, this one or that one.

I carry the incisions of the earth tethered to the socius.

The earth is the lower portion, the heaven the upper. I click myself upon 
the matrix. I participate in syzygy. Click, I tally among them.

I tally among them because I tally among the nodes. The nodes configure
1/1/1/1/5 or 1/1/1/1/1/5/5, one or another system, binary and above. 
Among them, I click now and then, here and there. I shuffle the double
position.

The double position maps binary onto bases. The double position wrytes 
heaven and earth, portends a click against the upper or lower framework. 
The lower click is a release, withdrawal, decathexis; the upper places me 
in accountancy. The configuration is always all that is accounted for.

My biography is the totality of positions, [o-] to [-o]. Sometimes a 
group of us move, [-oo] to [oo-], and in fact our community as a whole is 
limited to 8 or 10, as we say, on the line. The line is at work, clicking 
tens, hundreds, thousands, clicking ones, tenths, hundredths. The line 
holds; we hold the line.

We wear ourselves out against the dust; the grooves deepen, the rock
shines with the wryting of sheep, goats, grain, rice, papyrus, jewels,
transistors. Against bamboo we make a stuttering sound as we speak the
syzygies of mercantilism, the consensual tagging of species beyond what
the hands grasp. (We are blind to the broad faces like suns that surely
loom above us dreaming of lines extending the quiet fullness of distance.)

Each shift opens or closes a space, a time, an object. The earth vibrates 
sonorously with tallying, spending itself through exhaustion and death as 
its products disappear, replaced by the foam of the new. Mines compress, 
extrude substances wielded and shuttled themselves across longer lines;
the earth vibrates and vectors.

The most beautiful thing is the shift constructing the cathexis of a 
space, a time, an object, the gift of foreclosure. 

The sounds which will occur at always the same rough intervals.


