


Definition of 'Wryting'


This neologism is used in my recent work to refer first of all to an in-
scription which is necessarily performative, and constructs its own sheet
of assertion (Peirce's term). It acts by virtue of its existence. Wryting
is cross-ontological, cross-platform; it implies multiple communicative
domains. As in some current theories of metaphor, it implies the body, and
becomes related to suspect poesis, semiosis, and fetishization. It is used
to describe the text/ure of cyberspace, especially in regard to issues of
hysteric embodiment, which I have described elsewhere (reading through the
text to the alterity of the other, a circum-reading which takes direct
description into account as only one of a number of portents). 

Wryting relates to poesis, poetic-generation, since the words always run
full in excess of themselves, referencing incantation. It relates to semi-
osis, since it inputs into extensions of semiotic domains which are
brought to a (previously) non-existent and inflationary space. It relates
to fetishization, since it an inhabiting which becomes empathetic/magical,
moving towards foreclosure, completion. And all of this is suspect, purely
in the realm of text/ure in a space which cultivates, prohibits, and car- 
esses no /other.

Wryting is the dismemberment of body and sign as well, the pure trace or 
hymen lost among spaces, body parts among a totality. Wryting is proto- 
language, feminin ecriture, the writing of the body, embodiment; Nicole 
Brossard and others configured wryting, as do those texts beginning with 
the W/w/ord. Wryting itself is the obdurate of the ascii unconscious, 
which also connects to verbally-transformed hypnotic states, identifiable 
eidetic imagery. It is procured from the imaginary, the chora; it is not 
_of_ the imaginary, nor symbolic. 

Wryting is a movement towards text/ure becoming autonomous and everyday,
Merlin Donald's extensions of neural phenomena. Wryting is therefore al-
ways in the process of becoming, a production among fuzzy and indistinct
polarities. Wryting cuts through the body/textual body/body of the text; 
it produces _wrything,_ which is frisson/jouissance simultaneously of the 
cut, body, text. Wrything tends towards argument, aggression, pathos, 
empathy, flaming, desire, net sex - the psychoanalytics and submergence, 
fluidics of the keyboard itself. The screen already wrythes.

So wryting is a term configured for _this_ space, extending backwards 
through the history of grammatology/inscription/graphemics, describing 
texts and their productions within/without cybermind. Irigaray, Derrida, 
Lakoff, Bickerton, Brossard, Eco, Barthes, Chasseguet-Smirgel, Lingis, 
and others come into play here; mathematically, wryting encompasses the 
abacus and phenomenologies of enumeration. In CMC, wryting is involved 
both in the performative of programs, and the performative of _any_ CMC 
inscriptions (i.e. as if in unix chmod -x is always implied). Wryting is 
the act of building, speaking, page, legislating on a MOO/MUD, but it is 
also the act of saying on IRC, of telnetting, of composing on-line. Wry- 
ting is its own sheet of assertion, information 'all the way down.' And 
finally, wryting is any and all of this, intensifications, territories 
always construed on the edge of cyberspace, co-extensive with that edge, 
which constitutes cyberspace, within and without.

