


Code and Codework ii, coding, encoding, confusion

Coding is a process, aptly named; the field is open or let us consider it 
open, a dispersion in which goals are paramount but may not exist as the 
program wends its way into momentary stasis, occasional completion. It is 
the traditional 'death of the author' given open-source; it is never- 
ending; like a markov chain, it is determined in part by what came before, 
it may move elsewhere, cancel, disappear. Input is remote, disparate; is 
the objective, whether of a command, line, subroutine, routine, program, 
module, language. The objective is the focus on whatever is at-hand, and 
whatever is at-hand, the input, is encoded. Encoding is parasitic on both 
code and object - on code, as a process or operation, and on object, as 
transformable entity, within and without which code is entangled, inhered. 
A code constructs code; an encoder is all input; we have spoken elsewhere 
about the relationship of output to input; what is encoder output is 
already lost in transmission, has fled elsewhere. Perhaps _I code,_ and 
perhaps _it encodes,_ thereby lies all the difference, the distinction 
among con/structures, con/structions. In part codework is self-devouring, 
between or among coding and encoding, part operation and part residue; 
part symptom, the expressivity of disease; and part the struggle, what 
appears as struggle, what is not struggle or is inauthentic struggle, of 
the origin, originary content, to retain its sememe, in spite of all 
filtering, or magnified and not diminished by such filtering. These terms 
and my use of them are of course arbitrary; one might use encoding to 
reference the act of program-creation and coding that which operates on 
input, with all the phenomenology of input already indicated. I choose a 
distinction between these words in order to articulate a distinction 
within the field; otherwise we are off again into unnecessary obscurity. 
As for the _element_ of a code, there is a sign or sign-function, there is 
a process drawn from tables or closed lexicons. As for the _element_ of 
encoding, there is none; an input may, in relation to the encoding 
program, be fit (in the sense of harmonization) or not; in a sense it does 
not matter, as encoding is matterless, codeless, just as coding is 
mattered, albeit the ideality or cyberneticization of matter. Again it is 
a difference which makes all the difference, as in Spencer Brown. One 
might also say that coding is the creation of a detemporalized structure 
by means of temporal operations (on the part of humans or otherwise), and 
that encoding is the detemporalized operation (detemporalized by virtue of 
the black-box) on input, creating a temporal difference between input and 
output, t1 and t2, different in every (parametric) way. But this is 
somewhat sophistry; certainly a program is a detemporalized structure. But 
wait, for the input and output are there to-be-used; they exist most 
likely within the matrix of the human; they are _employed._ The employment 
of a program - and a program may devour itself or other programs - is also 
temporalized, but the program itself, unused, a series of commands and 
other materials, is only a static articulation. Nevertheless, the static 
articulation may be always in the process of constant self- or other- 
revision, and time moves on. Let us say then that coding is the operation 
on code and the production of an articulation, and that encoding is the 
operation on input, within which code is irrelevant - even if code is 
foregrounded, even if code crashes, the input is destroyed, garbage in / 
garbage out on any level. The difference is subtle, but perhaps there. One 
might like encoding then to Husserlian internal time-consciousness, and 
coding to formal and linear (parallel or non, clocked or variable, etc.) 
time. Or the other way around. Or the meeting of the two, as code may be 
input, code may be encoded, code may code. Still, we might say this, that 
encoding is the _disappearance of the code,_ and coding, its _promulga- 
tion._ Entanglement occurs at all levels of operation. DNA encodes, but 
encodes what? Itself, input/output material blind to DNA/RNA? DNA codes or 
encodes DNA as well. Tacit knowledge (Polyani) resolves nothing, but plays 
a role: use a screwdriver long enough, and it disappears from the hand - 
all that remains is the interaction with the screw. Too much is made of 
code, coding, encoding, decoding; not enough is made of the disappearance 
of code - not as universal subtext of capital, but as a necessary corre- 
late to our functioning in the world.


==


a hole in space in the earth
in the mapping of the earth 
falling through the mapping into the bingham copper mine crater

"<pre>earthole where map opens to illumin immunim borrowing bereath the 
earth coding replaced by its coded absence bingham human-crater</pre>"

"  earthole

earthole where map opens to illumin immunim borrowing bereath the earth
coding replaced by its coded absence
bingham human-crater"

http://www.as.wvu.edu:8000/clc/Members/sondheim/earthole.jpg


==


"repeated thee sugar"


"repeated thee sugar given occasion embarrass 
"lady circumstances 
"reply perhaps south 
"
"food may considered horses, difficult know independence sandwich
"need.
"
"studied worthy least reference news whos? next use evil wine friend
"hearing. teach somewhere his, idea grave dare hat, need companion
"length. not mother person know across, taste street convenient, tying
"may few. did gym as. allowed person person dare surprise."

I received this within an unsolicited email offering merchandise I have 
never wanted and still no longer want. However, entranced by the message 
itself, I have taken it upon myself (always "I, I, I"!) to _mean_ and 
_intend_ the words quoted. I mean these words as urgency, the surprise of 
a surprised person, beneath the aegis of a compromised lady. It is no 
longer random, if it ever was. It is neither poem nor filler, but rather 
the poetics of despair, such is my intention. It means what I have always 
meant _it_ to say, encapsulates _it_ as a gift given me, gratis, within 
the context of commercial appeal. 

So I offer my poem, my urgency: "repeated thee sugar" -


repeated thee sugar

repeated thee sugar given occasion embarrass 
lady circumstances 
reply perhaps south 

food may considered horses, difficult know independence sandwich
need.

studied worthy least reference news whos? next use evil wine friend
hearing. teach somewhere his, idea grave dare hat, need companion
length. not mother person know across, taste street convenient, tying
may few. did gym as. allowed person person dare surprise.


