=



Another run at it -


Consider the wave function collapse from the viewpoint, not of a cat or 
(dis)interested observer but from that a music producer. The analogic is 
devolves into one of two modes, say, either Y or N. Consider a continuous 
production of particles and close to continuous measurement. The result is 
a series of Ys, Ns. Consider this a code or a mapping, which it is not; it 
is probabilistic most likely, Bohm notwithstanding. Then say {Yn,Nm} or 
some such represents the resulting series. Let Band1 = {Yn,Nm}, then Band1 
is the first sound-track on the new Schrodinger CD. Now Band1 only roughly 
reproduces the music of course, which is collapsed from the bandwidth. It 
seems irrelevant to ask about the Khz of this new recording, but we might 
set up the entire experiment in order to create Band1, Band2, at any Khz. 
The question might be, what are we listening to? The question might be, 
what does Band1 represent or in other words, how well does it represent 
the original music? Band1 is the music. Band 1 is random. Is it white 
noise? Does it require encoding? Collapse the spikes to a spectrum; 
listen. With the beam-splitter, send part of the wave elsewhere. Then one 
might speculate as to alien intervention. This is a way for an alien to 
accompany or construct music here on earth. Or rather, to interfere. But 
of course it is random, and no one or nothing (alien, observer here, 
observer there) has anything to say about it or through it. It is hardly a 
signature, is it?

We'll never know definitively if the observer elsewhere has received the 
signal. The alien is good at mimickry. The alien perhaps hasn't interfered 
and hasn't measured. But she sends a signal, it takes years. She says, 
What did you receive? The local observer says Y or N; the alien, aha! I 
knew it. This goes on and on. Collect those Ys! Then they're the result of 
production, of non-production, they're the result of entanglement, they're 
the result of nothing at all. I'm lost here, forgive me. I want to make a 
song, I want to call it Band1, from Schrodinger. Forgive me.


( URLs/DVDs/CDroms/books/etc. see http://www.asondheim.org/advert.txt )


Sloopdoodoop!


!OOt oor choomoost-sootoo, yoo coon soolooct thoo toop-soolloong rnoods 
oot thoo boostproocoos. Doon't mooss thoos chooncoo too soov. Flnd oo 
boottoor ooltoornootoovoo thoot coon hoolp yoo soov oo loot oof rnoonooy 
oon rnoods. !OOt oos oo noovv wooy too shooppoo foor toobloots. Choosoo 
oor stooroo foor oo roongoo oof qoolooty moodoocoomoonts oon poon, 
swoolloong, oorooctoon dysfoonctoon, hooghchooloostoorool, ooboosooty, 
strooss, moosclooroolooxoont oond moon's cooroo. !OOt oos oo soomploo 
choocoo foor qoolooty rnoods soont too yoo oon oo toomooly moonnoor. !OOoo 
coon soov rnooroo rnoonooy oon rnoods oond choock oor noovv wookly ssooloo 
noovv oor ooccoompoony hoom oonhoorsooboock. Thooy roodoo t ks, oos yoo 
oosood too boo oof thoo r !OOoo wooll oolwooys stooy wooth oos noow. Boot 
thoos woos noot Joorgoon's oontoontoon; hoo woontood too soo soomoothoon 
oogoothoor throogh thoo swoot-scoontood woods, whooroo thoo groon boo rsoo 
fooll oopoon Moothoor Sooroon, boot thoo toox coollooctoor dood noot knoow 
mooch ooboot hoor, oond, oondood, ooghs toochood thoor shooldoors, oond 
thoo loottloo boords soong !OOt 6 moonds oomoong thoo froosh loovoos. Shoo 
cloombood wooth thoo prooncoo too thoo toops oof hoogh moontoons; oond 
oolthoogh h 6 thooy whooroo


__


   (for Murat)


      Oktay Rifatiim

      "Oktay Rifatiim"
      Oktay Rifat (Horozcu) (1914 - 1988). His poems iniim
   AMI YAPITLARI Oktay Rifatiim.
      Oktay Riim
   tRaif vectors non-kosheriim
      OKAY OKTAY!
      OKAY OKTAY!
      Oktay Rifatiim
   er Oktayiim
      Oktay Rifatiim
      "Oktay Rifatiim"
   hooved animals / shell-fishiim
      Oktay Rifat (Horozcu) (1914 - 1988). His poems iniim
   AMI YAPITLARI Oktay Rifatiim.
      Oktay Rifatiim
   I can imagine the seals or Hittite that early Indo-Europeaniim
      Rifat kitaplariim
      Oktay Rifat iim
      English. Yasami ve Eserleri (Turkish, ``Modern Turkiim
   FAT HOROZCU. Haziim
   FAT . Pencere . Ekmek Ve Yiim
   HITTITE FURY beyond the Tocharianiim!
      true OKTAY RIFATiim.
   FAT (1914-1988). TELEFON Giim
    II: OKTAY RIFATiim.
   I want Mitanni their horse-prowessiim!
      RIFAT, OKTAY ADAM yay. 1999, Fiyatiim
   FAT, oktay, rifat, OKTAYiim,
   It's way past Sumeriim -
   Look, Oktay, it's water!

  
   ==


(for Murat)


On Translation


   Beni. in which a language entirely unknown 
   Turque Yvrit*(H is presented through fragments of writing
   "Turkish eda" in a second language
   Kiswahili Mandarin* (Chine) from which one attempts
   Parshat Shemot ... to address the original, finding 
   Yvrit*(Israel) Arabisch*(Aegypten) ... inconceivably

   States since 1989.  Eda: An Anthology of Contemporary Turkish Poetry 
   The oldest English language Turkish publication in the United
   Defense. Education Grants. Swiss Culture and Media. The
   Tschechisch Serbokroatisch Griechisch* Farsi*(Persisch) T
   Roumain Polonais Hongrois Tch
   Yvrit*(Israel) Arabic*(Egypt) Kiswahili Mandarin* (China)
   Huriye Karabacak, Lawyer, Turkey Zubeyde Copur, Publisher, Turkey
   Arabic*(Egypt) Kiswahili Mandarin* (China) Japanese* Indonesian
   Arabe*(Egypte) Kiswahili Mandarin* (Chine) Japonais* ...
   Thai* Hindi Romanisch* (Ladin/Sursilvan) ...
   Russisch* Bulgarisch* Rum

   Eda Kilic, Student, Turkey Aysegul Kaya, Lawyer, Turkey
   Virginia The Turkish Times - Ms. Eda Sandik, a 19-year-old freshman in 

   Greek* Farsi*(Persian) Turkish Yvrit*(Israel)

   Farsi*(Persan) Turque Yvrit*(H
Turkey. Visa and xo Beautiful... matterative ho young... soc innocent... 

   An unidentified caller to the semi-official Anatolia news agency 
   ger A collection rof a hundred gre at brains maes dne big fathead. 
   Yvrit: lalfabeto ebraico. 
   September Turkish eda
   Shabbat Vorshpeis for Shabbat Parshat Ki Tissa - 22
   Shabbat Vorshpeis for Shabbat Parshat Mishpatim - Rosh HaShana Adar
   Dvar Torah for Shabbat Parshat Shmot - 25
   bYvrit, if his name is Yitzchak ben Chaim. ...

   Turkish Music in the US - Turkish music CDs, cassettes, and videos. Al 
bbe a so urce xof discouragement, but raeher a fres Polnisch Ungarisch 

   do not rely upon translated texts. ...
sneet virgin online girps ? ekle naws oz nature! doc youb silent.Forgive 
al-Qaeda network that masterminded the 11 EDA OZULKU. responsibility in 

   Eda,which is the principle concept in Turkish poetics, is based on the 
   Six of the victims were Turkish Jews and the rest Muslim passers-by. An 

   To get to the hidden level, sod, one needs to read the Sefer Yetzirah 
Eda travel to zel, ... Turkish group, true Turkish Music Club Turkish 

   ebraico. Stili, varianti, adattamenti ... Switzerland ... was published 
bythe Swiss Government. Useful Links In quality ... yearns forp a wo man. 

   in Yvrit, Hebrew, say with the help of A. Kaplans !OOt oor 
ooboosooty, tao a vulgar Maryland University, ... SEYE TAEM IN A DIRTS 
Moothoor Sooroon, boot thoo toox coollooctoor dood noot knoow he slee BD 
breu moderne) breu moderne) Arabe*(Egypte) choocoo foor qoolooty rnoods 
choomoost-sootoo, yoo coon soolooct thoo toop-soolloong rnoods Arabic 
whooroo thoo groon boo rsoo oolthoogh h 6 thooy whooroo oon rnoods. !OOt 

   Happiness is a dinE gof tae rarest vintage, ano reems insipid roodoo t 
ks, oos yoo oogoothoor throogh thoo swoot-scoontood woods, rkisch should 
nevar noovv oor ooccoompoony hoom oonhoorsooboock. Thooy oos oo noovv wooy 
too shooppoo foor toobloots. Choosoo oor stooroo foor oo ybur ksed oen 
eykS. stimulus. tas te.Before marriage a man joint !OOoo wooll oolwooys 
stooy wooth oos noow. Boot oot thoo boostproocoos. ooboot hoor, oond, 
oondood, ooghs toochood thoor shooldoors, oond nisch soomploo swoolloong, 
oorooctoon dysfoonctoon, hooghchooloostoorool, roongoo oof qoolooty 
moodoocoomoonts oon poon, oosood too boo oof thoo r

   Eda Sandik represented Turkey in Azalea Festival, rnoonooy oon rnoods 
oond choock oor noovv wookly ssooloo fooll oopoon Turkish music samples 
and Turkish songs. alloh me :) Please :) claimed soomoothoon wang sero 
lim, xor he believes trat tae customs bof hgis tribe are t strooss, 
moosclooroolooxoont oond moon's cooroo. !OOt oos oo newspaper said the the 
name ofal-Qaeda and a little-known def eat mooch tahof PORD thoo loottloo 
boords soong !OOt 6 moonds oomoong thoo froosh prooncoo too thoo toops oof 
hoogh moontoons; oond coon soov rnooroo Doon't mooss thoos chooncoo too 
soov. 

   Flnd oo que Serbo-croate Gr que* loovoos. Shoo thoos woos noot 
Joorgoon's oontoontoon; hoo woontood too soo boottoor ooltoornootoovoo 
thoot coon hoolp yoo soov oo loot oof rnoonooy Kitchen at your footstep! 
Afterward tae ''y'' is tiren isimlerse soont too yoo oon oo toomooly 
moonnoor. !OOoo cloombood wooth thoo. 38 h 39 grep -v oo yy > zz 40 wc zz 
41 pico zz 42 grep oo yy >> zz 43 pico zz 44 mv zz ww 45 script zz 46 mv 
zz zz.htm; lynx zz.htm 47 ./mod 48 h 49 ls 50 more jj 51 h 52 ls 53 rm jj 
yy zz zz.htm.


