


this is a world where my mother landed
she fell topsy-turvy out of the sky
it's amazing that she rolled towards the launchpad
to and fro it's the same thing she always said

http://www.asondheim.org/charredworld.jpg

she battled enormous monsters but was eaten out
just when she least expected it her body turned
well her body said look here i'm someone else
and i'm so very tired of living so very tired of life


=


of the job, of its execution
of the raging storm, of my ...


>> Try this, or nothing!
Unknown command.

>> A file attached to this email was removed 
Unknown command.

>> because it was infected with a virus. 
Unknown command.

>> Result: A virus was detected and its name was
Unknown command.

>> Virus Name: Storm and sadness, my ...
Unknown command.

>> Result: deleted 
Unknown command.

- and job execution complete.

Was the job executed, i.e. rendered impotent?
Was it carried out on a stretcher?
Sic it, as in sicked it, sicced it.
The dog chases the virus, fast catch, my beloved books are saved.
Raging fire, my beloved books are saved.
Raging torrent, my ...
Raging storm, my ...
Raging flood, my ...
Raging battle, my ...
But not raging sickness nor raging job, and not raging books, and not
raging dogs
Not raging not this night nor any other, my ...
my ...



==


....A./D.


...Analog digital / analog discrete, but also Anno Domini; one can only 
point out that linear time from 0 moves through both negative and positive 
numbers; the years are integers, the continuum backgrounded. A/D: Monothe- 
ism's gift, this or that, before or after; A/D: the continuum of time 
re/produced as discrete. The year 0 of our lord, the year 1 of our lord. 
This is the trouble with religions or ideologies with monolithic and 
linear narratives apparently grounded in specific and human events - 
everything proceeds like a white hole out of them. Of course every system, 
however broken, has its accountancy; I am punning here on A./D., the 
ferociousness of this division, and from the viewpoint of believers - as 
if humankind were waiting for this, the insertion of our lord into 
history, breaking history, remaking the codex of dates. Islam is similar.
With monotheisms it's all gone bad; the fabrication carries a suspect 
political ideology, as if the world has waited for year 0 and the 
insertion of a related temporal framework. This is what happens when 
there's a guy - Jesus or Mohammed or whomever - involved. The construct of 
absolute time is equivalent to absolute negative and positive, right or 
wrong. Clearly history doesn't start or end with the guy, so one counts 
forwards and backwards from him. But he's there as a stopper, 
transformation, wave equation collapse, as deadly as Schrodinger's cat 
might be.

Somewhere Weyl wrote about the last vestige of the self/ego in physics - 
the Cartesian origin. The guy hangs out there, claims the origin for 
himself/itself, refuses to recognize the tensor algebra of the thing which 
isn't a thing. It's be-all and end-all for him. Time begins, marches 
forward or backward, a permanent light-cone. The rest are its children.

( Note that this absolute time is _finite,_ that it begins and ends, that 
the origin is _historical._ And note that so many other systems portend a 
creation behind/beyond which numeracy was non-existent; the numbers begin 
in mythic time. So there are configurations that are lost in essence - not 
a guy hanging out, as if known by one and all. There's always the problem 
of the divine with historical time; mythos turns to miracles, Jesus doing 
this or that, almost like a party. Three and one is one by the way; for 
any absolute finite X here, X -> 1, I believe it is called a _kernel._ )


