|==




Ah...
core-dumping. ?
juice
yours...
Your death-trip is mine.
Shocking here, it's for?


Zoo Opera ! !


the body -
eating, core-dumping. ?
Are you properly compiling ?
is yours...
  turns my juice 

within the the,  is , 016], ?
in-you the girl,  is , 06], ?
For 5 into days, I have been  Julu ...
For 5 and days, I have been i Julu ...
For 5 lost days, I have been i Julu ...
For 5 we days, I have been i Julu ...
Are you properly compiling   turns my juice ?
My tabulation Detroit. Sara s-ukc horse dick! blackjack! curtate, nibbler 
... into is Jane f-ukc with snake... and much more... this is Z00FEVER!!! 
I love these feelings,  ...
  turns my juice  and 24521 and 21676 - and you knew that all along!
Your lost-body-skins are your baby? 
My ... for is Sara love horse! (in the Z00FEVER exlusive) only! antarctic 
My judges! reexecuted, chateau gastric papyrus. Wolcott! bummed, enable is 
 calls forth drugs for, eating, core-dumping. 
 calls forth and into, eating, core-dumping. , turns my juice turns my 
For 5  days, I have been junkie Julu ...
I love these feelings,  calls forth and into, eating, core-dumping.  ...
... incandescent is Your death-trip is mine. here, it's incandescent?
Your lost-body-skins are your needle? 
This  speeds endlessly through the body - 
... you is on kill me put-you-in-me your your! here, it's you?
Your  12036 is your encased flesh
This calls forth and into, eating, core-dumping.  speeds endlessly through 
Only here...  here, it's into?
... for is What do you call your and juice? here, it's for?
My Give a name to your hunger! is yours...
My Shocking here, it's for? is yours...
Driven by drive-letters, gone world junkie ...
  turns my juice  calls forth get incandescent, eating, core-dumping. 
  turns my juice  calls forth i you, eating, core-dumping. 
  turns my juice  calls forth wood for, eating, core-dumping. 
and it has taken you just 0.133 minutes turning on ...
What do you call your  heroin?
What do you call your and juice?
incandescent drawn me inside-you your baby!
I think  3631 is your future death trip.
What do you call your into heroin?
What do you call your lost into?
floors i me inside your needle!
floors like me in-me your needle!
What do you call your we needle?
on kill me inside-you your your!
on kill me put-you-in-me your your!
Your lost-body-skins are your your? 
core-dumping. , I am yours!
You ran for 313196 hours?
... for is Sara love horse! (in the Z00FEVER exlusive) only! antarctic 
Your turns my juice is my drug, my sweet calls forth and into, eating, 
I think   turns my juice  25365 is your future death trip.
I think   turns my juice  29507 is your future death trip.
Your needle is the currency of your drug - 
Your heroin is the currency of your drug - 
Your into is the currency of your drug - 
Your juice is the currency of your drug - 
within the there, turns my juice is , 014], calls forth drugs for, eating, 
within the my, turns my juice is , 021], calls forth drugs for, eating, 
put-you-in-me the girl, turns my juice is , 06], calls forth drugs for 
Zoo Opera


_




[This article is somewhat of a mess; I don't think it could have been any 
other way. At least by me. It's overworked, overdetermined. Trying to 
write about online writing? An impossibility, an inconceivable territory. 
It's beginning to sound like an illiterate Foucault's archaeology of 
knowledge.]



A Field so Vast, the Other is Lost in the Details


Apropos of Writing Online / Online Writing

"The Sceptical persuasion, then, is also called Investigative, from its 
activity in investigating and inquiring; Suspensive, from the feeling that 
comes about in the inquirer after the investigation; Aporetic, either (as 
some say) from the fact that it puzzle over and investigates everything, 
or else from its being at a loss whether to assent or deny" - Sextus 
Empiricus, Outlines of Scepticism, edited by Julia Annas and Jonathan 
Barnes, Cambridge, 2000.

"I cannot stress too strongly, however, that for life as we have seen it 
develop, both place and movement are indispensable. In order to store 
information - say in a book, or a mind, or a computer memory - one must be 
almost certain that the information will be stationary and yet retrievable 
at a later date. In order for this to occur, the object containing the 
information must retain its configuration for limited periods. Further- 
more, [these periods] must be enough for all the information contained to 
be retrieved." - Alan Sondheim, artist talk, 1973, in Artists Talk, 
1969-1977, edited by Peggy Gale, Nova Scotia College of Art and Design, 
2004.

Unlike the Dogmatists, online work is continuous investigation, movement, 
within diffused sites, applications, networks, inter- and intra- nets, 
PDAs, cellphones, wireless and bluetooth, satellite and other radios, 
cable and other televisions...

An incandescent investigation, high-speed, apparently but not really 
unlimited, names and movements, critiques, sources and files, coming and 
going, circulating, decaying, disappearing, reappearing, transforming...

New media writing - codework - hypertext - online writing - blog or MOO 
writing - all of the forms are problematized, liminal, subject to 
fast-forward taxonomies as new applications and access modes appear.

By "liminal," I mean that such writings are first of all mediated, by 
technological apparatus (including the power grid), and are second of all 
in-between process and stasis. Process = continuous production and 
distribution; stasis = virtual objecthood.

Liminal work is nomadic, subject to the vicissitudes of empire; it moves 
from site to site, is updated or disappears, uses legacy technology or 
processing power / access available only to a few. But it also requires 
corporate acquiescence - the access to tools (including the power / 
network grids); free software requires corporate hardware requires 
programmers who have to eat and sleep (sometimes!).

One distributes through pre-existing channels or new channel production. 
Once distributed, the texts, which are after all a collocation or ordered 
collection of ones and zeros, or pluses and minuses - or any other dyadic 
differentiation, are subject to modification by others - and as such are 
vulnerable and characterized by imminent access.

By "imminent access" I mean that any byte whatsoever - any individual 
smallest unit of a file (text, sound, video, program, other) - any zero or 
one - is independently accessible, and therefore independently alterable. 
The alteration of a file-in-the-large is a process of filtering, and one 
might consider online writing as a form of articulated and non-articulated 
filtering.

By "non-articulated filtering" I mean the actual course of writing by an 
author; this may be either a process of subjectively and freely choosing 
program parameters (i.e. a certain number of nouns of type X), and/or a 
more traditional process of authorial writing, i.e. writing with authorial 
intent. By "articulated filtering" I mean a form of mathematization of a 
text or part of a text, through which the chosen domain is modified in its 
entirety by one or another algorithm. For examples: non-articulated 
filtering might as well refer to the writing of a sonnet in the 
traditional manner; articulated filtering might refer to replacing the 
vowels of the sonnet with randomly chosen consonants.

(So that "articulation" is used to refer to the application of a 
technological apparatus - most often a software program - to a text or 
other file. A Photoshop filter which alter a photograph from color to 
black and white is a good example. And "non-articulation" refers to "just 
writing." So why are both forms of "filtering"? Because, here, I want to 
emphasize the substrate - the blank sheet of paper or empty file, for 
example (Peirce's "sheet of assertion") which is filled or spilled through 
creative work. The filter goes from blank to content; it's a way of 
thinking through the creative act, from offline to online and back again.)

An online distribution is never complete, never completed. Sites and 
software protocols change, codes change, revisions are added, texts are 
hacked, texts are duplicated and downloaded with and without permission 
(such as it is), sites disappear with their texts, texts are replaced by 
other texts, texts are corrupted, technologies change, bandwidths change, 
copyrights are enforced or ignored or bypassed or non-existent: 
intellectual property is in fact intellectual propriety, an agreement, 
such as it is, to utilize in any form or not utilize in some forms (i.e. 
other than reading/perceiving) the production of the other (such as he or 
she or it - computer or whatever - is). (Intellectual propriety, then, is 
the etiquette of duplication and transformation, the sometime distinctions 
between hacking and cracking, between payment and non-payment for 
downloading, and so forth.)

Codework is a form of writing which problematizes form and formlessness 
simultaneously by incorporating the means of production within the file 
itself, actively or passively augmenting or corroding the file (depending 
of course on authorial intent, perception, reception, production).

By "active augmentation or corrosion" I reference a file which changes 
either through reader/viewer interaction or by itself, within a relatively 
limited period of time (i.e. within the phenomenological time-horizon of 
the reception of the text). These changes may be anything from automatic 
text / image / sound generation, through interactive generation of the 
same, to built-in instabilities of reading and writing (language changing 
on the fly, and so forth). Texts and other files may respond to anything - 
from the weather through mouse-clicks through the viewer's breathing 
patterns (coupled of course with the proper hardware). By "passive 
augmentation or corrosion" I mean a relatively static (i.e. within a 
similar time-horizon) text which nonetheless incorporates what might be 
considered surplus or extraneous elements (parts of code, formatting, and 
other) and/or eliminates or obfuscates ("corrodes") other elements (for 
the most part taken for granted within traditional texts and readings, 
such as the full alphabet, more or less standardized syntax, the and so 
forth).

Codework is neither a style nor a movement; it remains a loose term 
characterized by a "kind of messiness." It is simultaneously conceptual 
and loose, based on structure and the deconstruction of structure. An 
example (of my own):

