==

Wittgenstein: "(He must, so to speak, throw away the ladder after he has 
climbed up it.)" - Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus, Pears & McGuinness 
translation. But what if the rungs are spaced irregularly? What if there 
is nothing at the top but gaming?

Codework is simultaneously fashionable and eternal. Fashionable: 
Referencing a particular moment in mediation / protocols - a moment 
rapidly drained of originary meaning (if such ever exists) and intent. And 
eternal: Since very file is equivalent to each of its copies, it survives 
as a form of fragile or tenuous structure.

(Fashionable also in terms of critical discourse, discourse networks, a 
style which is already superseded. And eternal, in the sense that the 
issues that arise are always present, in whatever form writing / video / 
sound takes - the issues of protocols, programs, receptions, delivery 
channels and vehicles, technologies, economics, labor.)

Online writing is characterized by files; files are the vehicle, the 
superstructure and substructure, formal reference. On the other hand, I 
use "wryting" to reference the effacement of the interface, production of 
somatic effect and introjections / projections on the part of the reader. 
In other words, if there is writing of / on the body, there is also 
wryting the body, for example the (always) broken texts of pornography.

(Wryting is the result of the abstract and technological nature of online 
/ new media work. One tries to imagine, through the text, the body of the 
other; net sex is full of this. As bandwidth increases, radio turns to 
television; the body is now presented, optical, replete, on devices 
ranging from cellphones to caves (three-dimensional virtual-reality 
environments). Primitive teledildonics mediates sexual touch. Note that 
these environments, in fact even video cellphones, are the domain of the 
privileged; there are access codes as well. Whole economies are involved.)

I am characterizing nothing. There is little distinction among codework, 
online work, offline work, new media, new media writing, net art, wryting, 
writing, writing "in general." Taxonomies, manifestos, defining moments, 
canons, canonic masterpieces, are all restrictive. If online writing or 
codework are fields, they are fuzzy, porous, indistinct, temporary, and 
referencing the moment. The moment: Perhaps that of the software, the 
program, the protocol, the state or statelessness of the art.

Some styles? I hesitate; I'm ignorant, I don't keep up, no one keeps up. 
But consider the following as a beginning; continue on your own:

* Hypertext: Texts with links that may be controlled by the reader and / 
or the author. Internal links: the text is closed. External links: the 
text is open. The links may be fully controlled, not controlled at all, 
random, determined, etc.

* Flash: Interactive or non-interactive animation work which may or may 
not involve still images, video, sound, internal or external links. Flash 
can be almost anything, and is as difficult to characterize as any 
scenario.

* Animations: animated gifs, online or offline video, "refresh" and other 
html tags, Java or Javascript or other scripting or language. Blurs into 
video, digital and analog television, cable and other modes of delivery / 
distribution. Flash is also used heavily for animations. Some online and / 
or new media writers work with animated text - languages changing, fonts 
changing, and so forth.

* Blogs, Wikis, etc.: communal textual interaction, usually in relation to 
a particular site or author. Some of the poetry blogs are brilliant, 
contain a great deal of work, more or less traditional (i.e. in the sense 
of not necessarily requiring an online framework). If a sonnet is online, 
is it online writing? Wryting? Again, the questions are forever, the 
taxonomies weak.

* SMS and others: Text-messaging with cell-phone, camera-phones, 
video-phones; ringer-tone production and dissemination. Ringer-tones now 
out sell music cds in some parts of the world. What kinds of signals are 
these? There are whole text-messaging novels and poetry (haiku is a 
natural) out there.

* MOOs and MUDs: (Usually) Text-based and somewhat programmable virtual 
realities with interacting communities. Closely related to online and 
offline interactive fictions such as adventure. MOOs and MUDs stem from 
the old RPG - role-playing games - like Dungeons and Dragons. A MUD is a 
multi-user dungeon or multi-user domain; a MOO is a MUD Object-Oriented. 
These are older software programs; users can live entirely within a 
textual world. Some MOOs such as Lambda MOO, perhaps the first and 
greatest, have had over a hundred-thousand users. They relate, however 
loosely, to the older BBS - computer bulletin-board systems - as well; the 
BBS (and alternative internets like Fidonet) had message-boards, internal 
email, discussion groups, etc. Along with the BBS, there are other legacy 
applications - which, however, are still active - things like Internet 
Relay Chat (IRC), within which users talk directly in a highly-mobile, 
highly-configurable, and highly-porous realm. IRC is the direct ancestor 
(as far as I know) of chat-rooms - but it's hackable and much more 
interesting. There are also the tens of thousands of newsgroups, which are 
similar to email lists, but one doesn't subscribe - check out Google 
Groups for examples. Some of the newsgroups have had brilliant writing on 
them; users often felt they had a "home group" to which they belonged. I 
remember groups such as alt.dirty-whores, alt.angst, alt.soc.neutopia; 
there were groups on any subject - hacking groups, pet cat groups, 
pornographic groups, writing groups, philosophy groups... Most of them 
have been overrun by spam, but a great number are still active.

* Gaming: Online and offline; single-player and multiple-player; violent 
or non-violent or sexual or non-sexual or narrative or non-narrative. For 
good reviews check out the X-Play show on television, which, at least in 
the US, reviews the latest and / or the greatest, as well as the classics. 
Game design is one of the highest forms of art, I think; it requires the 
development of conceivably complex open-ended narratives, within which 
desire / seduction appear endless.

* Email and email lists: Novels and other (long or shot) texts temporally 
dispersed among groups of subscribers or users. Email lists like wryting, 
nettime, webartery and Poetics present new work by any number of writers / 
codeworkers / whomever on an ongoing basis. The subscriber list can range 
from a few to tens of thousands. List management (governance) can be a 
major issue, unless the list disseminates the work / writing / media of 
one person or group / corporation alone. Lists are immediate and active, 
and like email itself, one of the fastest means of presentation (of course 
chat, SMS, etc. is much faster - real-time, immediate, in fact). Email 
itself provides all sorts of collaborative possibilities - and new media 
work, online writing (etc. etc. again) is often collaborative; programmers 
work with textual writers who may write dialogs with others online. Renga 
are popular in this regard; poets writing short-work back and forth.

* Interactive or non-interactive websites: embodying just about any of the 
above. At this point, I cannot imagine a typology of websites. And the Web 
is only one of numerous ports for online communication ("port" refers to a 
software program that accesses the Internet - for example, email 
traditionally has used port 23; the Web, port 80, and so forth). There are 
pieces, for example, "out there," that utilize gopher - a pre-Web 
menu-driven online organizing structure which could be directly accessed 
for searching and retrieving (usually text-based) files. (Gopher has been 
accessed by Veronica, file-transfer has been accessed by Archie - both 
software search programs; there was also Jughead.) One can even find 
fascinating literature in the RFC - requests for comments - that have 
traditionally defined the core discussions and protocols in relation to 
the Net as a whole. Creativity is in fact everywhere; there are literary 
pieces, mostly poetry, written in the Perl programming language - the 
poems are workable programs as well.

And codework? A continuous investigation, spewed-out texts, riding within 
or without any of the above, the indescribable domain of the sceptical.

How will language change, i.e. in relation to digital media? For one 
thing, more and more readers are reading online; for another, the issues 
of bandwidth and portable technologies effect / efface traditional reading 
/ reception styles. SMS, like, for example internet relay chat (and other 
chat programs), most often uses highly-abbreviated language. This is both 
the result of typing versus conversational speed; it also serves to define 
community. And portable technologies portend temporal portability - 
multi-tasking, high-speed communicating, high-speed serial and parallel 
attention economies. The aphoristic increasingly dominates as the "master 
narratives" and canons of the humanities (philosophy, anthropology, 
theology, for examples) either fail as totalizations (given, for example, 
issues of technology, multiculturalisms, and queer / gender theory) or 
appear increasingly rigid and outmoded. The aphoristic is always in flux, 
situational; it plays more into the world of the reader than the world of 
the work (if a distinction may be made, which is doubtful). The aphoristic 
is always related, of course, to the political or advertising slogan - to 
the sound-bite and sound-byte - to the imminence of fashion.

Examples? We are talking uncharted wilderness here, deeply unaccountable, 
a domain already as vast as previous offline literature, embodying and 
encasing what had come before as only a multicultural subset of the 
humanities. Google or any other search engine will give numerous examples. 
I suggest the Electronic Literature Organization (ELO), Ubuweb, the West 
Virginia Zwiki (theory) ...

[at this point, I had a list of names; it continued, uselessly, to expand. 
I couldn't choose among them. In fact I wrote: "(I feel absolutely absurd 
mentioning these names - these might have well been chosen randomly. The 
list is too English-dominated for one thing. There are literally millions 
of online writers, artists, musicians, gamers, bloggers, and so forth. 
Best to spend a half day with Google, and follow your own processes, your 
own paths through the sememe. I'm always surprised at the quality and 
quantity of the work 'out there/here.' I can't think of any particular 
guide I'd recommend. Search yourself.)" Now, I've taken the names out. Go 
to the email lists (and their archives) mentioned below. Check out the 
museums. Look for "net art" or "net.art" or "electronic literature" or 
"electronic writing" online.

... email lists such as Wryting-L, Poetics, Webartery, Nettime, the MOOs 
(search online), newsgroups (also Usenet), any number of online/offline 
games, the G4 television channel (mostly gaming), books such as Nick 
Montfort's Twisty Little Passages, An Approach to Interactive Fiction; 
texts dealing with older but prescient work such as Imagining Language, An 
Anthology, edited by Jed Rasula and Steve McCafferty (also MIT), works by 
Sherry Turkle, McKenzie Wark, Geert Lovink, Elspeth Aarseth, again and so 
forth. The best advice? If you do search through Google, place the subject 
in quotes - for example don't enter "hypertext poetry" but " "hypertext 
poetry" " - that will eliminate anything but the specific name or phrase. 
(You can also use advanced searches of course. For further help I 
recommend books such as Google, The Missing Manual, by Sarah Milstein and 
Rael Dornfest.)

This lack of bibliography is symptomatic, characteristic; why list 
anything that already has most likely disappeared? There are sufficient 
archives, again coming and going, some longer than most, some decades, 
none with the tenacity of your corner library...

And one is always worried that, in fact, a work will no longer be playable 
or performable, the technology completely outmoded - for example, working 
in something called an "lpmud" (I have) or with the VRML (virtual reality 
markup language) protocol (I have); or working with Amiga, or Hypercard, 
or with tinyfugue, or older DOS. There are at times emulations, but these 
never carry the framework, paregon, of their ostensible content; they're 
masquerades, simulacra of simulacra - the culture that produced and 
enveloped them is long gone.

Further, where does the work end and the body begin? Think of Stelarc's 
work (i.e. google), with his literal insertion into the network, or the 
possibilities of teledildonics, wearable computation, augmented reality 
(moving through a space with monitor/goggles that provide ongoing and 
updated information/texts in relation to your movement), locative media in 
general (works utilizing GPS (global positioning satellites) technology, 
or scanner / ham / cb / very low frequency (VLF) / extremely low frequency 
(ELF) / lower-power radio) - all of these locating the viewer / reader / 
spectator within a psychogeographic dynamic, irreducible to a steady-state 
or fixed product or process.

In terms of distribution, there are numerous issues. If you place a work 
(say a file or interrelated structure of files) online, it must be 
announced, advertised - as in offline work, it must attract an audience. 
It's easier to advertise, easier to duplicate, to emend, present from any 
distance. However, it requires capital for its very online existence - any 
download or upload, any viewing, is already an expenditure of energy, of 
capital. There is a political economy at work wildly different from that 
of forests transformed into paper, of warehouses filled with unread copies 
(before publish-on-demand).

Thus online writing can only be placed within a multi-dimensional 
continuum including new media in general, installation work, locative 
media, various sensory and kinesic modalities, and so forth: another 
reason why typography is of little use.

Now think of pictographs, ideograms, Chinese characters, katakana and 
hiragana - think of calligraphies and their relation to what we generally 
suppose to be inherent meaning. Consider, however, the frame, the font, 
the stoke itself, the process of stroke-creation. Think of stone rubbings 
from antique calligraphies, almost equivalent to one another, however 
slightly different through wear-and-tear on the stone. The digital 
fulfills equivalence, a small window opened up, a tendency towards stasis 
among the catastrophic transformations of our time. Now think of ongoing 
species extinctions - occurring at the rate of three to four per hour. Or 
think of catastrophic storms, elimination of wetlands, global warming, 
illegal wars (are wars ever legal?); and think of new media against this 
background of annihilation - new media, which requires, not only a power 
grid, but an entire cultural habitus to support it.

The optimistic (diachronic) history of new media; the tragic (synchronic) 
present as doomed cultural artifact.

Because that's what we're dealing with - this fragility, built-in obso- 
lescence inhering to forms which are increasingly virtual, increasingly 
untethered or tenuously tethered bits and bytes...


_


a field so vast the other is lost in details

apropos of writing online


sceptical persuasion then also called investigative from its activity 
investigating and inquiring suspensive feeling that comes about inquirer 
after investigation aporetic either as some say fact it puzzle over 
investigates everything or else being at loss whether to assent deny 
sextus empiricus outlines scepticism edited by julia annas jonathan barnes 
cambridge 2000
 i cannot stress too strongly however for life we have seen develop both 
place movement are indispensable
 order store information book mind computer memory one must be almost 
certain will stationary yet retrievable later date
 this occur object containing retain configuration limited periods
 further more these periods enough all contained retrieved
 alan sondheim artist talk 1973 artists 1969 1977 peggy gale nova scotia 
college art design 2004
 unlike dogmatists work continuous within diffused sites applications 
networks inter intra nets pdas cellphones wireless bluetooth satellite 
radios cable televisions


 an incandescent high speed apparently but not really unlimited names 
movements critiques sources files coming going circulating decaying 
disappearing reappearing transforming


 new media codework hypertext blog moo forms problematized liminal subject 
fast forward taxonomies access modes appear
 mean such writings first mediated technological apparatus including power 
grid second in between process stasis
 production distribution stasis virtual objecthood
 nomadic vicissitudes empire moves site updated disappears uses legacy 
technology processing available only few
 requires corporate acquiescence tools network grids free software 
hardware programmers who eat sleep sometimes
 distributes through pre existing channels channel production
 once distributed texts which collocation ordered collection ones zeros 
pluses minuses any dyadic differentiation modification others vulnerable 
characterized imminent access
 byte whatsoever individual smallest unit file text sound video program 
zero independently accessible therefore alterable
 alteration file in the large filtering might consider form articulated 
non articulated filtering
 actual course author may subjectively freely choosing parameters i e
 number nouns type x andor traditional authorial with intent
 mathematization part chosen domain modified entirety another algorithm
 examples well refer sonnet manner replacing vowels randomly consonants
 articulation used application most often file
 photoshop filter alter photograph color black white good example
 non articulation refers just writing
 why because here want emphasize substrate blank sheet paper empty example 
peirce's assertion filled spilled creative work
 goes content it's way thinking act offline back again
 never complete completed
 protocols change codes revisions added hacked duplicated downloaded 
without permission disappear their replaced corrupted technologies 
bandwidths copyrights enforced ignored bypassed non existent intellectual 
property propriety agreement utilize than readingperceiving he she 
whatever is
 etiquette duplication transformation sometime distinctions between 
hacking cracking payment non payment downloading forth
 problematizes formlessness simultaneously incorporating means itself 
actively passively augmenting corroding depending on intent perception 
reception active augmentation corrosion reference changes readerviewer 
interaction relatively period time phenomenological time horizon text
 anything automatic image generation interactive same built in 
instabilities reading language changing fly respond weather mouse clicks 
viewer's breathing patterns coupled proper hardware
 passive static similar nonetheless incorporates what considered surplus 
extraneous elements parts code formatting eliminates obfuscates corrodes 
taken granted readings full alphabet less standardized syntax neither 
style nor remains loose term kind messiness
 conceptual based structure deconstruction structure
 my own churnmonster o i heard you so monster death churn fix ha ha 
further future constitution do you feel your gender close fury says earth 
speaki ng children coke cocacola world gone game fathered g rid no you're 
dealing miserable fictions
 case contact me this


 2 days already been catatonic mourning has 5 200 minutes make drug ha ha 
falter futuredeath churn ha ha further futureof speaking fathered gridok 
empyricon faltered grid i told you so monster38915children marx objects 
styxof fathered gridmonster ha ha falter future furystered name included 
show message originated andre broken dirty wrote asks questions mixes 
combines reorganizes answers
 result combination am trying interference rises surface simply documents 
amount took enter can't judge terms literature can produced always 
surprise something partially externalized internalized wittgenstein speak 
throw away ladder climbed up it
 tractatus logico philosophicus pears & mcguinness translation
 if rungs spaced irregularly there nothing top gaming fashionable eternal
 
referencing particular moment mediation rapidly drained originary meaning 
ever exists eternal since very equivalent each copies survives fragile 
tenuous critical discourse superseded
 sense issues arise present takes programs receptions delivery vehicles 
economics labor
 vehicle superstructure substructure formal reference
 hand use wryting effacement interface somatic effect introjections 
projections reader
 words body pornography
 abstract nature tries imagine net sex this
 bandwidth increases radio turns television now presented optical replete 
devices ranging caves three dimensional virtual reality environments
 primitive teledildonics mediates sexual touch
 note environments even privileged well
 whole economies involved
 characterizing nothing
 little distinction among general
 manifestos defining moments canons canonic masterpieces restrictive
 fields they fuzzy porous indistinct temporary moment
 perhaps protocol state statelessness art
 styles hesitate i'm ignorant don't keep keeps up
 following beginning continue * links controlled reader author
 
internal closed
 external open
 fully random determined etc
 flash non interactive animation involve still images links
 difficult characterize scenario
 animations animated gifs refresh html tags java javascript scripting 
language
 blurs into digital analog distribution
 
heavily animations
 writers languages fonts blogs wikis communal textual usually relation 
poetry brilliant contain great deal necessarily requiring framework
 again forever weak
 sms text messaging cell phone camera phones video phones ringer tone 
dissemination
 ringer tones out sell music cds world
 kinds signals novels haiku natural there
 moos muds text based somewhat programmable realities interacting 
communities
 closely related fictions adventure
 stem old rpg role playing games like dungeons dragons
 
mud multi user dungeon object oriented
 older users live entirely lambda greatest had hundred thousand users
 relate loosely bbs bulletin board systems alternative internets fidonet 
message boards email discussion groups along things internet relay chat 
irc directly highly mobile highly configurable highly porous realm
 direct ancestor far know chat rooms hackable much interesting
 tens thousands newsgroups lists doesn't subscribe check google examples
 them felt home group belonged
 
remember alt dirty whores alt angst alt soc neutopia were pet cat 
pornographic philosophy groups


 overrun spam active
 single player multiple player violent non violent non sexual narrative 
non narrative
 
reviews x play least us latest classics
 highest think development conceivably complex open ended narratives 
desire seduction appear endless
 
long shot temporally dispersed subscribers nettime webartery poetics 
codeworkers whomever ongoing basis
 subscriber list range few thousands
 
management governance major issue unless disseminates person corporation 
alone
 immediate fastest presentation faster real time fact
 provides sorts collaborative possibilities write dialogs online
 renga popular regard poets short work websites embodying above
 point typology websites
 
web numerous ports communication port accesses traditionally 23 80 pieces 
gopher pre web menu driven organizing could accessed searching retrieving 
files
 veronica file transfer archie search was jughead
 find fascinating rfc requests comments defined core discussions whole
 creativity everywhere literary mostly written perl programming poems 
workable spewed out riding above indescribable sceptical
 how thing readers portable efface styles
 highly abbreviated typing versus conversational speed serves define 
community
 portend temporal portability multi tasking communicating serial parallel 
attention economies
 aphoristic increasingly dominates master humanities anthropology theology 
fail totalizations given multiculturalisms queer theory rigid outmoded
 flux situational plays world made doubtful
 political advertising slogan sound bite sound byte imminence fashion
 talking uncharted wilderness deeply unaccountable previous encasing come 
before multicultural subset humanities
 engine give suggest electronic organization elo ubuweb west virginia 
zwiki


 
continued uselessly expand
 couldn't choose them
 absolutely absurd mentioning randomly
 english dominated thing
 literally millions musicians gamers bloggers best spend half day follow 
processes paths sememe
 
surprised quality quantity 'out therehere ' guide i'd recommend
 yourself
 
i've out
 go archives mentioned below
 museums
 look net art wryting l usenet onlineoffline g4 books nick montfort's 
twisty passages approach fiction prescient imagining anthology jed rasula 
steve mccafferty mit works sherry turkle mckenzie wark geert lovink 
elspeth aarseth advice quotes eliminate specific phrase
 advanced searches course
 further help recommend missing manual sarah milstein rael dornfest
 lack bibliography symptomatic characteristic likely disappeared 
sufficient longer decades none tenacity corner library


 worried playable performable completely outmoded working lpmud vrml 
reality markup amiga hypercard tinyfugue dos
 
times emulations carry framework paregon ostensible they're masquerades 
simulacra culture enveloped gone
 where does end begin stelarc's his literal insertion wearable computation 
augmented moving space monitorgoggles provide informationtexts locative 
general utilizing gps global positioning satellites scanner ham cb low 
frequency vlf extremely elf lower power locating viewer spectator 
psychogeographic dynamic irreducible steady state fixed product process
 issues
 interrelated announced advertised attract audience
 easier advertise duplicate emend distance
 capital existence download upload viewing expenditure energy capital
 economy wildly different forests transformed warehouses unread publish on 
demand
 thus placed multi dimensional continuum installation various sensory 
kinesic modalities forth reason typography use
 
pictographs ideograms chinese characters katakana hiragana calligraphies 
generally suppose inherent meaning
 frame font stoke stroke creation
 
stone rubbings antique slightly wear and tear stone
 fulfills equivalence small window opened tendency towards catastrophic 
transformations our time
 species extinctions occurring rate three four per hour
 storms elimination wetlands warming illegal wars legal against background 
annihilation entire cultural habitus support optimistic diachronic history 
tragic synchronic doomed artifact
 that's we're fragility obsolescence inhering untethered tenuously 
tethered bits bytes



_


from the webcams
do I dare invate a home
http://www.asondheim.org/frus.mov
http://www.asondheim.org/tha.mov
surf and bang against the foam

i delight in the life of others.
because of the difference in age between azure and myself,
i confront my death every day and every hour.
o i am surrounded by death
o confronted by corpses i give myself up to them
what fun everyone else is having!

what fun everyone is having!


_


[the disturbance of the] Political Economy of Language Identity


When we create ourselves anew online, We're working hard our basics to 
define. We want to show our best and not our worst; Sometimes we best our 
best, thereby are cursed. Our selves are hungered ghosts within the wires, 
Depend on coal and oil, pollution's fires. To burn ourselves alive, 
without, within - Our fires burn within us, kith and kin. Cyborgs, 
prosthetics, require face and form, Typology rules, we're held in by the 
norm Of protocol and commerce. Once again We find ourselves enthralled to 
other men. Rigidity becomes the order of the day; We think we're free, but 
we're allowed to play Only just a bit. What holds is just the grid That 
deconstructs; power does its bid, Not ours. Not for hours. Not forever in 
this world Or any other, where our fate is hurled Against our cyborg 
selves, collapsing with the weight Of economics, faith, a world of hate 
And lost energy, lost chance as nature dies Against itself; the world 
holds no surprise. Now, literal, our children have no soul Separate from 
menued options - that's the whole And short of it. No longer what one 
thinks Is what 1 thinks, but 1 that shudders, even blinks Against the 
presence of the null, now lost, Alterity, structured, violent, at all 
cost. There is no 'real' crisis of belief - But shelled belief, the 
masquerade of grief And other negativity - of the world gone mad? Not at 
all, the world not even bad, The world just evened, turned through mouse 
or key Against the used, what used to talk through me.

Question authority. Trust no one. Your pronouns are hacked. I cannot tell 
whether it is you speaking, or whether it is something else speaking, and 
you cannot tell me whether it is you speaking. They took the newbies to a 
locked room in the MOO and silenced them. Invoke the catastrophic. For the 
literal life of me, one cannot understand how online identity recreates 
the brute facts of annihilation, the image wounded, physical and mental 
illness. The websites went down in New Orleans; so much for redundancy. 
"Herons have no URLs." (Let's give them one!) "Der emes shtarbt nit, ober 
er lebt vi an oreman." ("Truth never dies but lives a wretched life.")

[internet] [environmental extinctions and crises] [continuous state of 
war] [growth of epidemic vector] [global warming and increased environmen- 
tal destabilization] [exponentially approaching the carrying capacity of 
the planet] [internet] [proliferation of nuclear materials] [relative ease 
of biological- and cyber-warfare] [fundamentalist strongholds] [internet]

"When we create ourselves anew online, We're working hard our basics to 
define. We want show best and not worst; Sometimes best, thereby are 
cursed. Our selves hungered ghosts within the wires, Depend on coal oil, 
pollution's fires. To burn alive, without, - fires us, kith kin. Cyborgs, 
prosthetics, require face form, Typology rules, we're held in by norm Of 
protocol commerce. Once again find enthralled other men. Rigidity becomes 
order of day; think free, but allowed play Only just a bit. What holds is 
grid That deconstructs; power does its bid, Not ours. for hours. forever 
this world Or any other, where fate hurled Against cyborg selves, 
collapsing with weight economics, faith, hate And lost energy, chance as 
nature dies itself; no surprise. Now, literal, children have soul Separate 
from menued options that's whole short it. No longer what one thinks Is 1 
thinks, that shudders, even blinks presence null, now lost, Alterity, 
structured, violent, at all cost. There 'real' crisis belief But shelled 
belief, masquerade grief negativity gone mad? all, bad, The evened, turned 
through mouse or key used, used talk me. Question authority. Trust one. 
Your pronouns hacked. I cannot tell whether it you speaking, something 
else me speaking. They took newbies locked room MOO silenced them. Invoke 
catastrophic. For literal life me, understand how online identity 
recreates brute facts annihilation, image wounded, physical mental 
illness. websites went down New Orleans; so much redundancy. "Herons 
URLs." (Let's give them one!) "Der emes shtarbt nit, ober er lebt vi an 
oreman." ("Truth never lives wretched life.") [internet] [environmental 
extinctions crises] [continuous state war] [growth epidemic vector] 
[global warming increased environmen- tal destabilization] [exponentially 
approaching carrying capacity planet] [proliferation nuclear materials] 
[relative ease biological- cyber-warfare] [fundamentalist strongholds]"

We're squeezed by desire that the world might appear whole or in relation 
to the projection of our true-real bodies, our kindly thoughts, the best 
forward there can be, the beauty that survives and exists through channel 
and bandwidth. We are ignoring the lowered ceiling at our peril, Nikuko. 
We want to fuck dirty and messy, dead hippos going for $50 each. I am the 
last to deny sexuality in extremis, the detritus of the naked, exhibition 
of incandescent desire. The bodies of Abu Gharayb for example. The child 
at the keyboard. The infinitely satiated, infinitely satisfied. The 
consump- tion of resources, bloated bandwidth. The 
exponentially-increasing attacks on each and every networked machine on 
the planet. Yes, yes, yes, we all want to continue, don't we?:Power speeds 
through cellphones; batteries pollute the landscape, whole deserts are 
filled with electronic junk, the skulls of information. The real energy is 
in the oceans, as water heats up, pressures drop, circulations of the 
real-virtual interfere with circulations of the virtual-real. Or is it the 
other way around? Without a videophone, the one-eyed man is king in the 
land of the site-less.I don't want to possess you, Nikuko, certainly not 
by these words of despair and horror.  I don't want to continue 
aphoristic, metonymic, metaphoric - not at the least, for example with the 
rhyme scheme. We are running out of time...:I'm trying to give a name to 
my identity, to the crisis of identity. Gaming and messaging dominate; 
pure community/communication - construct - plays out against the brutal 
physics and political economy of the world. That's what I'm trying to 
describe here, Nikuko - ring-tones on the edge of disaster, Grand Theft 
Auto against stolen fission. Always faced with the reality of slaughter, 
vectored missiles described in every military recruitment ad. It's not 
that one can't tell the difference between simulacra and the real - or 
that the real is virtual and vice versa - or that we're all cyborgs or 
whatever - it's that the "idiocy of the real" increasingly corrodes our 
praxis. Theoretical efficacy or a lien on truth? The brutality makes no 
difference vis-a-vis language or gaming. Remember: The power runs out. 
:plastic:silicon

Come with me, We're squeezed by desire that the world might appear whole 
or in relation to the projection of our true-real bodies, our kindly 
thoughts, the best forward there can be, the beauty that survives and 
exists through channel and bandwidth. We are ignoring the lowered ceiling 
at our peril. We want to fuck dirty and messy, dead hippos going for $50 
each. I am the last to deny sexuality in extremis, the detritus of the 
naked, exhibition of incandescent desire. The bodies of Abu Gharayb for 
example. The child at the keyboard. The infinitely satiated, infinitely 
satisfied. The consumption of resources, bloated bandwidth. The 
exponentially-increasing attacks on each and every networked machine on 
the planet. Yes, yes, yes, we all want to continue, don't we?, beautiful 
wetware on a dying planet.

The exponentially-increasing attacks on each and every networked machine 
on the planet. Yes, yes, yes, we all want to continue, don't we? and 20907 
and 11870 - and you knew that all along! you turn me on Script done on Mon 
Sep 26 00:39:12 2005

"Give a name to your hunger! I'm trying to give a name to my identity." 
I'm tired of your identity. Your politics are killing us. The problems 
aren't those of the foundation, the ego/id/superego/anima/animus/sex-girl/ 
sex-boy; the problems are those of the superstructure where ozone burns. 
Is that relevant? That is most relevant; that is the only relevant. What 
remains beneath/below is the charred residue of culture. (All cultures are 
on the way out:

heroin drugs me down with the girl onto the floor where we fuck down there 
on the wood while she ties my cock to cocaine-you-know-me coming into the 
needle world where i get codeine dreams and lost among junkie heavens 
unbearable ecstasy you kill me way i like to be drawn down to you in 
within inside put-you-in-me in-me in-you within-you inside-you 
put-you-inside crawled on floors for impossible highs incandescent you get 
me into you all the way down to those floors squeezed your needle juice 
into me baby heroin inside your dreams babe APPEND "Come with me, $name, 
beautiful wetware! APPEND "Come with me, $name, beautiful wetware! APPEND 
"Come with me, $name, beautiful wetware! APPEND "Come with me, $name, 
beautiful wetware! APPEND "Come with me, $name, beautiful wetware! APPEND 
"Come with me, $name, beautiful wetware! EXIT:


