


the PINUP is a disturbance of duplication, shape-shifting
she comes in all sizes and one shape
http://www.asondheim.org/pinup.jpg
the PINUP is an exercise in shape-morphing

In these modified images from a Santa Ana storefront, nothing is revealed 
- a restrained come-hither look (for production) combined with an absence 
of nipples, labia, the liquidity of the body's repose. Duplicated most 
likely from original photographs, they're already copyright, readied for 
distribution; I've stolen their souls from the store-front, for which, in 
Mea Shearim, in orthodox Jerusalem, I would be stoned. The figures look 
beneath the robes of the orthodox; orthodoxy always requires robes, hiding 
the pillar of the erection, the vaginal cave. What opens is only the wound 
of desire - the breasts cut, castration, flagellation, death to the 
pleasure of god. I see the saints in these women, the last vestiges of a 
human race before complete devastation sets in. Already photographs 'like 
these' litter the streets of Brooklyn and Hollywood, begging for commerce. 
Every human equation has, if not AIDS, any other disease of the body, 
tearing itself to pieces. We are all deliverers of our own deaths; our 
casket, the flesh, our rites long-since shattered. I am a fixture. 


=


Cinggis Qahan


"'Shalt thou not be
 Mine eyes for seeing,
 Mine ears for hearing?'"
(The Secret History of the Mongols, trans. Cleaves.)
http://www.asondheim.org/filmshipfilm.mov

"I shall rush [forward] for [him]
So as to cleave the deep water asunder,
So as to break the bright stone to pieces.
I shall rush [forward] for [him]
So as to break the pieces
The blue stone
In the place whither he shall have said,
 'Arrive [thither]';
So as to break to pieces 
The black stone
At the time when he shall have said, 'Assault.'"
(ibid.)
http://www.asondheim.org/bfly.mp4


==


Fodder

not since the beginning of fodder have I felt the necessity of reinventing 
the protozoan against a background of the natural world, already a 
reconstitution from the presence of what had been merely a cultural 
artifact.

http://www.asondheim.org/blanked.mov

    But most of all good eating cheers the brain,
        Where other joys are rarely met -- at sea --
    Unless, indeed, we lose as soon as gain --
        Ay, there's the rub so baffling oft to me.
    Boiled, roast, and baked -- what precious choice of dishes
        My generous throat has shared among the fishes!

    'T is sweet to leave, in each forsaken spot,
        Our foot-prints there -- if only in the sand;
    'T is sweet to feel we are not all forgot,
        That some will weep our flight from every land;
    And sweet the knowledge, when the seas I cross,
        My briny messmates! ye will mourn my loss.

-- Thomas Ward, quoted by Edgar Allen Poe -- the subject is sea-sickness.





first 100 get < - > what message

3 pieces:
http://www.asondheim.org/yamahag55a.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/yamahag55ab.mp3
played strait-thru on yamahag-55a 
http://www.asondheim.org/yamahabchor.mp3
modification with effects chorus
no breaks / just there
- < your enjoyment
- > what message
first 100 get < - > what message

- alan






Partial Description of the World


The power grid provides 60 Hz here at approximately 115-117 volts; this is 
maintained by dynamos driven by steam or coal or oil or hydro held 
together in a malleable grid. The grid enters the city, where electricity 
is parceled out through substations to cables continuously maintained and 
repaired. Here, the cables are below ground. They drive my Japanese Zaurus 
PDA which utilizes an entire linux operating system on it. The Zaurus 
connects to the Internet through a wireless card that most often connects 
to my Linksys router, which is connected both to the power grid and the 
DSL modem by a cat cable. The DSL is operated by Verizon with its own grid 
at least nation-wide and continuously-maintained. The DSL of course 
connects more or less directly to the Internet, which is dependent upon an 
enormous number of protocol suites for its operation, the most prominent 
probably TCP/IP. The addresses of the Internet, through which I reach my 
goal of NOAA weather radar, are maintained by ICANN and other organiza- 
tions. These organization are run by any number of people, who employ the 
Net, fax, telephone, and standard mail, to communicate world-wide. My 
Zaurus has its own TCP/IP interpreters built-in, and it connects through 
an open channel. The wireless modem may have been built in the US. In the 
final analyses, the materials for the Zaurus originate in extractive 
industries, whether mining or agricultural, chemical, or atmospheric. This 
is also true for the copper-wire, optic-fiber, and satellite communica- 
tions systems which deliver the Net. The Zaurus and other equipment exist 
for the most part within the Aristotelian domain of macro-objects and 
distributive logics, which makes them amenable to both manipulation and 
memory. Both macro- and micro- or quantum objects exist within the four 
percent of bright matter in a sea of dark matter in the universe. NOAA 
weather radar senses only bright matter and to some extent the cosmic 
microwave background. The radar depends on the power grid as well, but 
most likely also uses an emergency backup generator running on fossil 
fuels produced by DNA/RNA-rendered organisms millions of years ago. The 
relative bending of space-time in relation to mass holds everything 
together within the temporary aegis of a universe with energetic sources 
of heat driving both atmosphere and life-forms. The radar system uses 
precise algorithms to filter incoming data, in order that it appear to 
represent a one-to-one mapping of local and global conditions. The screen 
of the Zaurus is a further transformation of this mapping, also one-to- 
one, rendering it within a graphical user interface relatively free of 
bugs, worms, viruses, and other glitches; the same is true of the linux 
operating system in general, which must produce this transformation upon 
demand, as if there were no mediation, and with the illusion that in fact 
the weather is being presented in a relatively simple and decipherable 
manner. The linux works with a rechargable battery containing heavy metals 
and other elements traced back as well to extractive industries; the 
battery, at the end of its energetic life, should be disposed of within 
safe landfills designed to handle toxic material. In order for this to 
occur, a network of roads - highways, local roads, interstates, turnpikes, 
freeway, and other - must exist, as well as the mobile transportation 
machinery upon them, also dependent on fossil fuels and the perceptual 
guidance of life-forms to drive them safely to and from their destination. 
Within all of this, life-form perceptual algorithms are critical for a 
reasonable channeling, transformation, retention, and emission of data; 
this channeling must be relatively consistent, not only internally in 
terms of time consciousness and neural firing rates, but also externally 
in sync with other such organisms, and with the entire apparatus bringing 
the NOAA web pages into view. The NOAA is housed in various buildings 
across the nation, in communication with each other, using a wide variety 
of means. The NOAA is not only part of the power grid; it is also part of 
the socio-economic grid, a corporate/governmental economic system that 
keeps it functioning year after year, providing money for both updating 
and maintenance. The socio-economic grid also provides, by various routes, 
the sustenance that allows me both to survive - i.e. food, water, shelter 
- but also to purchase the Zaurus in the first place. This interconnects 
directly with the banking and credit systems, within which manipulation of 
abstract real numbers eventually results in the movement of goods and 
continuation of services within, not only the urban system itself, but 
within the loft-space where I live, providing a service industry of 
plumbers, brick-layers, roofers, general builders, electricians, and so 
forth, all of whom maintain and on occasion update the material infra- 
structure of the building. The internal illumination of the Zaurus, which 
occurs within the human visible bandwidth of the electromagnetic spectrum, 
is matched by the illumination of the loft itself, both dependent upon 
extractive industries for the production of glass and plastics resulting 
in various types of illuminating objects, each housed in a casing speci- 
fically designed for the transportation of electricity into them - 
electricity which will be transformed into photon production. Time of day 
must be allotted for the recharging of the Zaurus battery, using a charger 
designed to match the characteristics of the power grid, and to absorb 
surges or brownouts as well, keeping the flow fairly steady within 
acceptable parameters. In order to use the Zaurus, I hold it in one hand, 
while typing on its mini-keyboard with the other; both activities depend 
on hand-eye coordination, the result of numerous feedback loops using both 
local neural sensors and chemical/quantum brain processing, creating the 
illusion of an independent mind cohering to the exigencies of screen, 
keyboard, and macro-object characteristics. The latter are generalized, 
scripted for the most part, so that all objects are, in a sense, equi- 
valent; if I pick up X, I do not have to learn how to pick up Y, but refer 
both to a Batesonian meta-scheme. Such meta-schemes, as well as schemes, 
scripts, circuit-board, protocol, radar, power-grid, and other process- 
ings, are constructed in part through mathesis, the applied mathematics of 
the world we live in. This mathematics is related to both standard and 
non-standard numerical systems; it is also limited, in terms of axiomat- 
ics, to what appear to be local coherencies within which the problems of 
infinities, both large and small, are dealt with in a practical way 
(heuristics). Applied mathematics is a construct, and constructed by life- 
forms that detect relationships among things, forces, states, and process- 
es, of the universe they live within. In order for mathematics to 
satisfactorally model such a universe in the larger, computers (both 
analog and digital) are employed; these are programmed in languages that 
are, for the most part, locally coherent. Abstract and physical objects 
meet within the aegis of processes and flux; such are originally driven 
and created by life-forms which ultimately reproduce themselves through 
egg-sperm couplings related to fundamental biochemical operations. 
Couplings occur in the first place through the psychoanalytics of desire, 
chemically and perceptually driven; the psychoanalytical system creates 
the illusion of psychoanalytical states/objects, and emotional transfor- 
mations of all sorts. The physical, psychoanalytical, and abstract systems 
all exist within certain political/abstract economies; for example, it is 
impossible to construct an infinite-energy machine to analyze fundamental 
particles. Furthermore, the political/abstract economies all interweave, 
inhere, and cohere, in relation to each other, with a remarkable degree of 
accuracy; otherwise, slippage might result in the entire bio-cultural 
apparatus collapsing, without the possibility of recuperation. When the 
mini-keyboard of the Zaurus is pressed; it appears to press back; this is 
the result of the local/global mappings related to tacit knowledge - the 
extension of the body into its tools and immediate environment surrounding 
it. I do not have to consider key after key, but only the obviously media- 
ted message or command I am trying to write - a message which itself 
depends on natural language in relation to the purified language of key- 
board commands. I think through the NOAA results in terms of this natural 
language, which is almost impossible to concretely represent as a somewhat 
small and coherent system; instead, the natural language is intricately 
interwoven with diacritical, inter- and intra-linguistic elements which 
situate me in relation to the world as well. Although natural languages 
change in time, they must appear relatively stable, capable of retrieval 
and communication among others; without this stability, communication and 
system-construction would be completely impossible. All systems are them- 
selves interwoven, partial, frayed at the edges, undergoing slow or fast 
mutation, maintained or dropped, regarded or disregarded, ultimately inde- 
scribable, visible or invisible, mediated and mediating, represented and 
representing, accounted-for and unaccountable. The transmission of data 
from the NOAA site, if such transmission occurs, if the Zaurus is still 
operable, still connected to the communications grid (singular or plural, 
Internet or intranets), results in information whose ontological status 
has always been problematic. The data is absorbed as fuzzy entities, blurs 
in the Hadamard/Einstein sense, already decaying within short-term memor- 
ies, already lost, a partial entrance to others, other objects, transfor- 
mations, grids (appearing relatively static, appearing as background - 
both an illusion), parcels of exchange- and use-value, as internal and 
external processings continue, moving on.


_


destruction of generations


no, no, no, I say, our children are not our future; we are. the biggest 
mistake of the radical 60s is the current insistence on the generation 
model - that 60s radicals began what another generation can learn from, 
can carry on, can critique. the world is a displaced continuum, miasma of 
disparities - not a coherent structure of divided lineage. the truth of a 
man's or a woman's thought does not age, is never outmoded; the truth is 
always already present, always unaccountable. when a torch is passed, the 
light is out; when a torch is lit, it is lit for all.


i learned blues from al wilson of canned heat, we played together, and 
from son house, the short time i spent with him. so it goes, this is for 
them, http://www.asondheim.org/blues.mp3




where and when the ornithological intersects the instrument
or rather where the instrument produces the digital wilderness -
this is what is left after the fury of the melting snows -
ice ages and boiled ages for all to see and hear -
i am a perfect high-speed machine
using antique instrumentation made of the quality of wood
not so much for your enjoyment, as for testimony
that such craftsmenship existed
o exalted ones, that such craftsmenship existed
http://www.asondheim.org/whit.mp3

