

my small world murmur 


smallworldmurmur-suck 
_vti_log  
_vti_pvt  
bumblepaldirect-suck c-love 
c-bung cancer-love
jw-love
jx-love
jy-love
k-
k-love
k-suck
ka-love
kb-love 
kc-love ground-suck groundzero-suck gu-whip h-love h-suck 
hunger-flog 
hyperaccelerator-suck 
hzzzo-suck i-love ii-love sward-suck 
swardd-suck 
swole-poo 
t-love tail- takemycarshome-suck cutmplum-suck 
exp- explode-suck f-pee f-love faace-suck azurevlf-pee b-love ba-love 
baby-suck 
back-suck backhoe-suck baghdad-whip s-goof sac-suck said-slit 
salt- 
queer- r-love radio%-suck origin-suck outcrop-whip p-love 
painting-bung 
panamar-love 
paraa-goof land-suck lastgaming-poo lb-love 
dad-suck 
danceofdeath-whip dank-suck dawn  ma-love machinic-slit map-whip 
mapp-whip 
marsocean-goof 
vlfmoan-suck voice-suck vvv-suck war-suck 
wave-suck 
parab-goof 
parac-goof parad-goof parae-goof paraf-goof 
parag-goof 
face-goof 
fantasm-love fastbreak-poo fecundity-suck fetish-suck 
na-love name-goof natural-pee nature-poo nb-love nc-love ncs-suck nd-love 
rand- 
rav-suck 
rdingnidr-suck rdingnidr-pee baghdad-love basin-suck 
bb-love bbbb-suck
maya-
mb-love
mc-love
md-love
me-love
-goof
a-love
abac-suck oa-love ob-love object-slit oc-love od-love oe-love of-love 
capt-suck 
categoryoftheindustrial-whip 
categoryofthenatural-whip 
cc-love 
futcult- 
future- g-love gcac-suck gcacbldg-pee gg-love ghaste-poo 
dawnchorusb-pee 
dbas-goof 
dbhome-suck dd-love dead-bung deadiniraq-poo 
earthquake-suck 
echo-love 
economy- edge-suck ee-love elek-pee 
abacus- 
advert-love ah-love ai-goof head- hh-love hiway-suck 
hold-suck 
hole-s-goof lc-love ld-love le-love leak-flog leaning-suck 
lease-flog 
leaves-suck 
measure-slit medea-whip mess- ne-love 
nebula-slit 
tao- taps-pee tat-poo technoloss-suck reading-suck red-whip 
redlinescara-suck 
cut word-cut 
zed -pee 
zed mine-suck zed mons-suck 
zed willetaud-pee 
redlinescarb-suck 
redlinescarc-suck 
redlinescard-suck 
redlinescare-suck 
deadtime- 
death-flog 
death- defuge-love 
degaslegs-suck 
degasribbon-suck 
dell-goof diary- leg-suck leo-bung 
lf-love 
lg-love lh-love parab-poo pen-flog penis-flog peopleofthebook-suck 
perfectbreast-suck 
redlinescarf-suck 
redyear- 
replete-slit 
perfectwomb-suck 
perfectwombre-suck 
performance-whip 
perth-flog terrr-goof 
test-flog test-suck testpd-flog net-love new-goof nf-love ng-love nh-love 
ni-love kd-love
ke-love
key-flog
kf-love
kg-love
kh-love
ki-love
kj-love
kk-love 
fetremake-suck ff-love ff-suck ff-goof bbeach-suck bcwave-pee 
beginningofthebeautifulworld-whip 
bfly-poo 
mess-goof 
messclr-goof mf-love 
mg-love mh-love mi-love miami-love cgi-bin  ch-suck chaos-bung char-flog 
char-poo 
char-love 
charredworld-suck 
weather-love whataboutmotvalise- 
whit-pee 
wing-suck sartre-suck shinl-bung shin-bung shoes-suck signal-whip 
sin-goof 
tha-whip thog-poo thongs-whip throat- thrumb-poo tine-poo 
chiasm-flog 
chora-flog 
chorusa-suck chorusb-suck chorusc-suck chorusd-suck 
ghos-suck 
ghostboat-suck 
flogt-flog 
girl-flog fieldssection-pee 
fields-suck 
figure- film-love night-suck nik-flog nik-bung niki-bung 
nikii-goof 
nikn-suck niku-flog nikul-bung nikul-flog nikulx-flog niku-bung 
nikug-bung 
phen-love 
photoghoul-suck pinned-suck pinup-suck planet-flog 
vir-bung 
vir-suck virgax-suck virus-flog vision-suck vlf-suck dike-pee 
directory-love 
dismal-suck 
dismallimit-suck li-love linear-goof lineq-goof 
lj-love lk-love ll-goof ll-love llook-suck jeanpaul-suck jen-bung jj-love 
jk-love jl-love jm-love jn-love jo-love milk-goof missclr-goof mj-love 
mk-love 
ml-love mm-love mn-love mo-love sincirc-goof singingyou-suck 
sixviews-suck 
sk-suck 
skein-suck skin-flog skin-bung skindeep-suck 
bidel-goof 
bio-whip 
bklynmetric-suck bkreview- blackout-suck blade-suck 
nipple-suck nj-love nk-love nl-love nm-love nn-love no-love node-pee 
filmshipfilm-whip 
filmvid- 
fing-goof 
flaccus%-suck planetbike-suck 
planetshore-suck 
planetwing-suck 
plantplant-pee 
play-love skinny-flog 
slbee-pee 
slimemold-suck 
og-love oh-love oldaba-love oldindex-tit 
ontic-suck 
open-suck 
vlfirvine%-suck flick-suck flicked-pee flight-suck 
flood-flog 
airforce-whip 
alan- 
allegory-suck allofusnow-slit 
alpine-suck 
blond-whip 
blood-love bloom-goof bloom-suck bloomed-goof 
choruse-suck 
chorusf-suck 
cinema- cloud-goof flower-bung fluent-bmp 
flush-suck 
elektra-mpg 
elk-pee ellektra-poo empire-suck end-flog 
endofempire-whip 
twistl-whip 
u-love uh-flog unbalanced-ogg uncanny-love 
univer-bung 
inextremis-suck 
inherinhim-suck am-love an-love angel-suck 
animal-suck 
insidepennsylvania-bmp 
installedlife-suck 
annoyingegret-poo 
antelopebison-suck 
antelopevlf-suck 
anten-goof 
antenburst-goof 
antensex-goof kl-love km-love kn-love ko-love kp-love kq-love kr-love 
ks-love 
kt-love 
tine-suck todos_os_sistemas_-whip torso-suck fog col-hole 
fog cloudsin-hole 
fog cloud-hole 
fog dell-hole 
fog delcloud-hole 
fog d-hole 
fog colcloud-hole 
fog drawalk-hole 
fog bifurdel-hole 
fog bidel-hole 
fog beeb-hole 
writings-tar-gz 
fog draprint-hole 
fog dhenon-hole 
fog drawdell-hole 
fog henon-hole 
fog fullife-hole 
fog drawtest-hole 
fog lineq-hole 
fog linear-bas 
fog lifeline-hole 
fog julia-hole 
fog missclr-hole 
fog messclr-hole 
fog mess-hole 
fog mass-hole 
fog orbiting-hole 
fog new-hole 
fog moss-hole fog sintan-hole 
fog sincirc-hole 
fog sin-hole 
fog star-hole 
writing- writing-love 
writings-tar 
fog starr-hole lm-love ln-love lo-love lohengrin-poo look- 
lorelei-poo 
love- woll-suck worlda-slit worldb-slit flux- fly-suck 
follow-suck 
foofwade-pee 
footnote-love 
fop-love hollywood-suck 
homebody-suck 
col-goof 
com-goof combtomb-goof comfun-whip compbio- 
intheworld-suck 
intrview- ion-pee j- j-love blues-pee bonze-suck 
model- 
mommy-suck monster-whip mood-suck mor-whip morb-whip more-suck 
resume-love 
rooting-pee 
rootthrone-pee ruined-suck s-love moss-goof 
global-poo 
god-suck 
godslove-suck gorge-suck greens-suck mountainwake-suck 
mountainwaken-suck 
whip-love 
yamahaga-pee 
yamahagab-pee you-flog 
youyou-flog 
yungheal-suck z- zed  plusplustaptap-poo poet- love-bung 
loving-whip 
lowl-suck 
love-suck poly-bung postmode-love corrug-suck 
covector-suck 
crimescene-poo 
bournen-slit 
boyznoyz-poo brob-suck 
snapshot-slit 
sophia-love 
sound- sp-goof speechofbuilding-pee noise- 
normalcar-goof 
np-love nq-love nr-love ns-love nt-love potential-suck 
lp-love 
lpmud-flog lq-love lr-love ls-love sprites-poo sputter-suck 
whipie-love mp-love mq-love mr-love ms-love mt-love mu-love mud-goof 
fopinfo- 
frac-bung 
frame- freight-bung travis-suck troth-suck 
trrrr-goof 
dood-flog 
drawalk-goof 
dreamscreen-whip duanehanson-suck 
orbiting-goof 
ord-suck 
orders_of_the_real--doc 
org-whip organ-suck 
bronze-suck 
bronzevid-suck 
potepoet- 
presterjohn-suck probe-poo 
probe-whip 
probe-pee 
crown-suck 
cruxbone-suck cruxflesh-suck 
crystalcove-suck 
jp-love jq-love jr-love js-love jt-love ju-love 
jungamer-poo 
jv-love ap-love ash-suck ashur-suck -readme-love readmest- 
-suck 
-bung 
-stit squareonthefaceofthewoman-suck star-slit starr-goof 
starsavage-suck 
start-whip 
statenegative-suck 
statepositive-slit 
stelarc-love 
stet-pee 
escape-suck eternal-suck europe-whip eve-whip 
stored-bmp 
strom-bung 
struct-slit studio-poo uphigh-suck 
uselessgames-poo 
ust-poo uu- vel- video- trunc-poo tt- 
tub-suck 
twirple-slit 
brood-suck brrd-suck buddha-flog buddha-bung 
buffalo-suck 
frus-whip 
fucking-suck fuji-suck furl-suck furry-suck 
bumblepal-poo 
suck-poo 
suckgod-flog super- surfrodf-poo susan-suck 
culture-suck 
curl-suck cybinfo- d-love fog  prosebio- punctum-goof 
pushed-suck 
q-love dumbhack-suck dump-avi dup-whip dusk-poo e-love 
earthole-suck 
ever-bung 
cut  cut-tar cut-love exe_readme-love 
cut archaea-cut 
dawn index-tit 
cut abyss-cut 
cut america-cut cut aus-cut 
cut axis-cut 
cut baby-cut 
cut ballet-cut 
cut bee-cut cut blood-cut 
cut brilliant-cut 
cut crown-cut 
cut europa-cut 
cut gb-cut cut glory-cut 
cut god-cut 
cut graph-cut 
cut hemiptera-cut 
cut hold-cut cut kali-cut 
cut mourning-cut 
cut overlook-cut 
cut pest-cut 
cut plasma-cut cut rust-cut 
cut scler-cut 
cut sks-cut 
cut star-cut 
cut swoon-cut cut tz-cut 
cut umb-cut 
cut victor-cut 
cut void-cut 
cut wall-cut cut wallvoid-cut 
cut weather-cut 
cut web-cut wtc-suck wuv-whip x-tit y-tit yamahabchor-pee 
lt-love lu-love
lucy-suck
lv-love
lw-love
lx-love
ly-love
lz-love
m-love
murmur-goof mutate-whip mv-love mw-love mx-love my-love nu-love nude-suck 
nv-love 
nw-love nx-love ny-love nz-love o-love assignation-whip 
astrofast-pee 
astroslo-pee 
avatars- aw-goof azeds-poo eve-poo 
zed willetfil-pee 
zing-flog 
_private  _vti_bin  _vti_cnf  _vti_inf-tit 
susangra-suck swan-suck ku-love kv-love kw-love kx-love ky-love kyoko- 
kz-love 
l-love 
la-love myascii-suck mybabydead-suck myfear-suck 
mytruework-poo 
_vti_love  
yung-suck zing-wav zz-love dawn dawn-tit 
dawn dawn- 
myvoicefive-suck 
myvoicefour-suck 
myvoiceone-suck mz-love 
n-love 
n-suck


For Joanna and Eugene, married today -



Some writings from Shih-Wu (Stonehouse)


Study the patterns of transient existence
the outcome of a game of chess isn't fixed
a monk in the mountains needs to be free
people in the dust grow old unaware
wind blows tea smoke over my bed
the stream drops petals into a pool
with thirty-six thousand days
why not spend a few being still

The Master said, "When Bodhidharma lived at Shaolin, he faced the rocks 
for nine years. But the walls and moats were not impregnable. When 
Shu-shan sold cloth, he traveled thousands of miles to pay someone a 
visit. But the roads were confusing.
   "Here at Fuyuan, the walls and moats are impregnable, and the roads are 
straight and smooth. Whenever you walk, walk in the middle of the road. 
Whenever you stop, stop where it's safe. And if you encounter a piece of 
farm land in between, why shouldn't you set foot on it?"

At the beginning of retreat, the Master said, "Before the fifteenth day of 
the fourth month, the nights are short, and you don't get enough sleep. 
After the fifteenth, the days are long, and you're always hungry. Today 
it's the fifteenth, and all you Zen monks here at Fuyuan get enough 
porridge and rice and enough sleep.
   "As you wander through this monastery of perfect enlightenment and take 
refuge in undifferentiated wisdom, may I ask how you ended up in such a 
place? A welcome breeze enters the door, and you feel cool. Lake water 
reaches the gate but without any purpose."

(Red Pine trans.)

...So I tried to find something here relating to marriage, to marriage in 
relation to Buddhism, and found a ground or a clearing and nothing 
specific but something in relation to writing or waiting-on. And 

now of course there's no waiting, and I find it hard to locate anywhere a 
position for the consequence of any vow grounded here. But there's waiting 
and waiting and renewal and we change things as we go along. And given the 
dreariness of the world, this marriage is blessed, by us and perhaps by 
Bodhisattvas, or perhaps not. This is a wonderful commitment among 
remarkable people, committed people, brilliant people, who can only grace 
us with their presence, and their presence together, and among each other.


-



father of evil


don't blame the father for the sins of the young. my father ensured i 
would never get over my father. my father screamed at me constantly. could 
i win with my father. i never could win with my father. my father ensured 
that. my father ensured i would never challenge my father. the screaming 
of my father ensured i would never have a world without screaming. the 
nightmare of my father ensured i would never have a night without 
nightmares. the violence of my father was only the language of my father. 
the language of my father ensured the violence of language. i will take 
language apart and there will be no violence. i will challenge language 
and there will be no father. my father will write this and my father will 
ensure my father will write this. my father ensures that my broken 
language will scream at my broken language. my father ensures that i will 
always sin against my father. i will always sin against my father. my 
father battered my mind until my father was my mind battered by my father. 
my father makes me ill. my father fills me with hatred. my father ensures 
i will die hating my father and hating my mind.

"In like manner tear sheddings, &c. are held to come from the mind's being 
melted [--not pained--]." (Sahitya-Darpana.)

how to reduce a human being to an artist

the litany

"don't sins
blame of
sins ensured
young. blame
ensured for
i would father.
never my
father
over screamed
father. me
screamed would
at never
win win
with with
that. i
challenge screaming
screaming 
world 
without father
screaming. ensured
nightmare ensured
night my
nightmares. father
violence only
was my
only father.
language the
language. language
will my
take 
father
apart be
and no
there violence.
be will
no challenge
violence. language
write there
this will
ensure write
this. that
ensures ensure
that my
broken 
will.
scream
always i
sin will
against always
battered was
mind mind
until battered
by mind
makes me
ill. hatred.
fills ensures
hatred. makes
die my
hating father
mind."

i will see my father dead.






Typical Family of Ghouls


I live in a typical family of ghouls.

Mother Sister

My mother is dead. My sister did not kill her.
I want to kill my sister.

Sister's Husband

My sister's husband is a minor ghoul.
My sister's husband stands behind my sister.
Have one pair of horns between them.

Brother and Brother's Family

Fine people unghouled. Live and let live.
My brother mediates. His field is geomatics.
Understands fields of neurosis, hatred.
Lives in Buddha fields. Sometimes talks to ghouls.

Daughter and her Husband

We have been blessed by grace. 
Bodhisattvas and miracle wedding.
Escape! Escape!

Father

Ghoul with knot of insurmountable distinction.
Tightens with struggle. Always furious.
Ghoul-slayer indistinct.
Reseeds teeth of the vanquished.

Ghoul-Coterie

Father, sister, and sister's Husband = ghoul-coterie.
The class of ghouls lives annihilation.
Class between them. Beneath them.
Ghouls ride expensive horses. Run dawns and dusks.
By which I mean: manufacture dawns and dusks.
Are weather.

Myself

Ghoul and ghoul-hater. Wound inversion.
"I will spatter them with Halloween blood but not
on Halloween but sometime when they are very happy
they will see my (fake) blood and laugh."

Family

Nuclear, like any other.






Roost

This _has_ to be the animal in-itself, however one wants to think of it - 
other than time-stretch and minor audio modification, very little was 
http://www.asondheim.org/roost.mp4 done. Over and over again, tricks were 
attempted - all sorts of things, nothing worked. The animal remained. 
"Perhaps," I thought, "I should leave things well enough alone." Somewhere 
I'm positive, Han Shan was silent, or here, I'm not sure about these 
things - I don't know how, for example, to answer a koan to anyone's 
satisfaction. (And for myself, why bother? I've absorbed everything except 
the time-stretch of meditation.) I need this. And seeing it, now, it seems 
as if one would wait for catastrophe, slaughter, injury - fright at the 
very least. This however is farthest from the truth, at least this truth. 
What remains, inhabits. These moments hold the world together. They roost.

"But even when a hypothesis occurs in logic, the fact that it can be 
framed does not itself belong to logic." (Whitehead and Russell, Principia 
Mathematica.)



vammiy-chant

hemp hersemf just now there were troubmes mn the vammey; she coumdn't hemp 
hersemf hgmp hgrsgmg just now thgrg wgrg troubmgs mn thg vammgy; shg 
goumgn't hgmp hgrsgmg ielp ierself just now tiiri wiri troublis in tii 
valliy; sii couldn't iilp iirsili ielp ierself just now tkere were 
troubles kn tke valley; ske eoulen't kelp kerself in the valley; she 
eoulen't help herself just now there were troubles kn the valley; in tie 
vammey; sie coumdn't iemp iersemf just now tiiri wiri troubmis in tii 
vammiy; in tie vammey; sie eoumen't iemp iersemf just now tmere were 
troubmes mn tme vammey; in tii valliy; sii ioulin't iilp iirsili just now 
tkkrk wkrk troublks kn tkk vallky; just now tkere were troubles kn tke 
valley; ske couldn't kelp kerself kust now tkkrk kust now thgrg wgrg 
troublgs in thg vallgy; shg goulgn't hglp hgrsglg just now thgrg memp 
mersemf must now tmmrm wmrm troubmms mn tmm vammmy; smm coumdn't mmmp 
mmrsmmm must now there were troubmes in the vammey; she eoumen't hemp 
hersemf just now there must now thgrg wgrg troubmgs in thg vammgy; shg 
coumdn't hgmp hgrsgmg just now thgrg must now tiiri wiri troubmis in tii 
vammiy; sii ioumin't iimp iirsimi just now tmmrm she eoulen't help herself 
kust now tiere were troubles in tie valley; sie eoulen't shg couldn't hglp 
hgrsglg kust now tiere were troubles in tie valley; sie couldn't sii 
coumdn't iimp iirsimi just now tmere were troubmes mn tme vammey; sme 
coumdn't skk koulkn't kklp kkrsklk kust now there were troubmes in the 
vammey; she coumdn't sme eoumen't memp mersemf must now thgrg wgrg 
troubmgs in thg vammgy; shg goumgn't there were troubles in the valley; 
she couldn't help herself just now there were thg vallgy; shg couldn't 
hglp hgrsglg just now thgrg wgrg troublgs kn thg vallgy; troubles kn the 
valley; she couldn't help herself kust now thgrg wgrg troublgs in were 
troubmes mn the vammey; she eoumen't hemp hersemf must now tiere were 
troubmes wgrg troublgs kn thg vallgy; shg goulgn't hglp hgrsglg kust now 
tiiri wiri troublis wgrg troubmgs mn thg vammgy; shg coumdn't hgmp hgrsgmg 
must now tiere were troubmes wkrk troublks kn tkk vallky; skk couldn't 
kklp kkrsklk kust now there were troubles wmrm troubmms mn tmm vammmy; smm 
moummn't mmmp mmrsmmm must now




slide.rule


the slide-rule processes nothing; there are no processes.
there are procedures.
the calculator processes everything; there are filters.

this is a fundamental distinction.
an abacus processes nothing. 
it is not the distinction between analog and digital.

it is the distinction between interior and exterior.
the keyboard of a calculator or computer mediates processes
and protocols.
the beads of an abacus remain in situ. a slide-rule remains in situ.

observe the abacus or slide-rule. the results are steady-state.
the results are gained solely by human labor, i.e. movement of the
beads or slide.

the calculator uses an energy source, for example battery or solar
power. a wind-up calculator stores energy. a calculator regulates
its stored energy.

the stored energy is controlled much like the escapement of a clock.
the stored energy implements the unobserved steps or procedures
tending towards a visible solution.
even if every step were accounted for, for example listed in real
time in a debugging program - the steps are unobserved.
only signifiers, mediators, are observed.

the ontology of the slide-rule however may be compared to the
epistemology of the abacus or calculator.
the abacus founders on ontology and the real.
the calculator founders on ontology, the slide-rule on epistemology.
the real is of the real. 

the digital must be manifest, within the analogic. the analogic
is present. the ruptures of the abacus are problematized by the 
fuzzy movement of the beads. an electronic abacus, a digital abacus
in other words, is internalized.

this is the secret of the digital: its internalization is that of 
the body; its operations are literally neural, and its protocols
are the shape-riding of synaptic signals.

the digital has a life of its own; the analogic is inert, and in this
sense, even the analogic body is inert.
life is always the life of others. 

ii

we look at the slide-rule or abacus. we watch the computer screen.
we say 'look at this'; however if we are responsible, we say
'watch this.' we see a film, but watch television. 

however we look at the computer screen. we look at symptoms, 'look
what's happening here.' we watched a film last night. did you see
that show on television? look, see, watch - however, with the abacus
or slide-rule, with the real, we look.

why should we watch the slide-rule? it's not doing anything.
watch what i can do with it. watch the carry-over of the abacus
beads.

we wait with expectation. i wait without expectation.
the slide-rule waits for nothing, does not wait.
the computer may be in standby or hibernation. 
the computer or calculator is the filtering and mediation of
potential energy.
the computer and calculator possess kinetic energy in the carrying-
out, performance, of their duties. they are assigned duties. the
assignments are flexible, flex-work.
the slide-rule and abacus do not possess kinetic energy. or rather:
they do not possess internal kinetic energy. for example, a stone
may fall; a stone is.

of course energy may be reassigned, as may waiting, looking, seeing,
watching, interior and exterior. there may or may not be an observer.
huang-po may have been such an observer.

http://www.asondheim.org/hu.mov (nothing, addendum)
like all addenda, familiar.





capital

original source Brooklyn rooftop VLF modified antennas
no microphones were used

http://www.asondheim.org/township2.ogg
http://www.asondheim.org/township1.ogg

does it matter?
only that i'm hearing new things
i always want to hear new things
i consume them
old things never bear repeating
old things > new things > old things


tonight every vowel is a you,
i'm looking out the window at a vowel

it is your vowel, and you are there,
at least there is light in your window

our friends do not see that light
we are abandoned by the alphabet

z, x, y, have you no shame
i have made new work to show you

wonderful videos without sound or text
texts without sound or light

sound without image or text
everything is blind somewhere

everyone is somewhat blind
glassesless i am eyeless, bonked

against glass on this cold night,
where you have taken vowels for a cold dark spin


ii


tonight every vowel tonight is every a vowel
you, is

i'm i'm looking looking out out the the window window at at it it
your your vowel, vowel, and and you you are are there, there,

least least there there light light in in our friends our do friends
not do see not that see we abandoned we by are alphabet by z, x, z, y, x,

have y, no you shame no
i i made made new new work work to to show show

wonderful videos without wonderful sound videos or without text
sound texts image everything blind somewhere

everyone somewhat glassesless am eyeless, glassesless bonked
i against glass on against this glass cold on night, this

where have taken for vowels a for cold dark where spin you


souvenir

this is just a souvenir
of my antenna in the air
searching up and down for where
the signals come to haunt my dreams
radio's not what it seems
there are no perspicacious beams
the world's not hardly what it seems
although it rattles all my dreams
i move the wires searching where
signals fall through sullen air
to radio maw and radio leer

http://www.asondheim.org/bklynvlf.mov


failure

another in the final series of sped-up surfers off a California beach from 
found webcam images.
i want the summer of my life.
in an attempt to regain this, over and over again, i imagined myself surf- 
ing in these oceans: utterly useless.
it's like repetitive dreaming, over and over again, but nothing _takes._
in fact there's no reason to look at the video, which can only be a 
failure.
on the other hand, the impulse itself, that loss among water, Theweleit.
philosophical immersion, fluid mechanics of Irigaray, Lingis (Excesses).
but a tawdry image, far from the madding crowd, isolated, numerical 
infinitesimals juggled in a depleted style. (once this might have been 
fun. once this might have been unusual. 1898, for example, Lumiere, for 
example.)
the point, punctum, is the dream of immersion and its digital decay.
http://www.asondheim.org/summer.mov
and my own weakness although Gidget was a jew.


_


soundimage

download .mp4 (you will need the latest qt)
download .mp3 (you will need anything)
play together (play on loop)
look and hear (mesmerize)
you will be me
http://www.asondheim.org/lifecho.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/peggycove.mp3
.mp4 perhaps the most beautiful mourning
.mp3 perhaps the most beautiful dusk
the visual and the audio have parted ways
please bring them back again



rough day soundtracks


it's been a rough day. these might be for
http://www.asondheim.org/lifecho.mp4
or separate for that matter.
i'm decathected. 
http://www.asondheim.org/peggywave.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/futurefuture.mp3


maybe these would work better than the one yesterday.
in any case you might like them or not.
they're not that large but the lifecho is.
you need quicktime 7 for the lifecho.


i don't know, this stuff is all i can do lately.
unemployed person in the world.
no future but futurefuture.
no wave but peggywave.


maybe more rough day tomorrow.
i don't know.
let's hope not.





NATURE I AM STEALING YOUR IDEAS

depression, decathecting from the natural order of
things. I AM WRITING AS FURIOUSLY AS POSSIBLE. in
depression, ontology precedes epistemology.  
EXISTENTIALISTS ARE DEPRESSED. existence contrives
nothing. EXISTENCE THUDS. it is inconceivable - to
deconstruct existence. TENSOR ANALYSIS. the panoply
of existents fall under the aegis of epistemology.  
FORLORN BEAUTY. for the depressive the world is a
resentment. I'M NOT HERE. the existence of other
minds is a worn-out given. WHY NOT. the locative case
of situation does not cohere in any language.  WAND-
ERING IS THE BEST SOLUTION. force and power in the
world have everything to do with exegesis. THUD.  
the depressive tears itself apart. ADMITTING FAILURE
IS THE NATURAL PATH TO MORE OF THE SAME. mind, des-
perate for contact, stumbles over unnecessary dream-
work. THERE IS NO UNDER UNDER. your disinvestment is
their investment. LOSS AND GAIN CIRCUMSCRIBE MEAN- 
-ING. thud. "THE THEFT: 'WHO TOLD YOU THAT?'"




Saigon test real

Coppola made Apocalypse Now as test reel.
I make test real in Saigon.
http://www.asondheim.org/saigon.mov
I will always remember our nights in Vietnam.
Teelak (named changed) has given me untold pleasure.
We American doughboys know how to have good time.
We take care of our girls in very proper style.
Now, America is giant superpower.
Soon we will take care of you.




mysterium

just more of this
where i live and work
you probably won't see me
(but you can feel my hands

http://www.asondheim.org/room.mp4


out on a limb that truncates into nothing


See below: commentary on digital collapse.

"Constructed Points and Dimensional Collapse

Geometries computed by spatial analysis methods may contain constructed 
points which are not present in the input Geometries. These new points 
arise from intersections between line segments in the edges of the input 
Geometries. In the general case it is not possible to represent 
constructed points exactly. This is due to the fact that the coordinates 
of an intersection point may contain twice as many bits of precision as 
the coordinates of the input line segments. In order to represent these 
constructed points explicitly, JTS must truncate them to fit the Precision 
Model.

Unfortunately, truncating coordinates moves them slightly. Line segments 
which would not be coincident in the exact result may become coincident in 
the truncated representation. For Line-Area combinations, this can lead to 
dimensional collapses , which are situations where a computed element has 
a lower dimension than it would in the exact result.

JTS handles dimensional collapses as gracefully as possible, by forming 
the lower-dimension."

http://www.jump-project.org/project.php?PID=JTS&SID=OVER

"
00331 /*
00332  * Reduces the precision of a {@link Geometry}
00333  * according to the supplied {@link PrecisionModel}, without
00334  * attempting to preserve valid topology.
00335  * <p>
00336  * The topology of the resulting geometry may be invalid if
00337  * topological collapse occurs due to coordinates being shifted.
00338  * It is up to the client to check this and handle it if necessary.
00339  * Collapses may not matter for some uses.  An example
00340  * is simplifying the input to the buffer algorithm.
00341  * The buffer algorithm does not depend on the validity of the input 
geometry.
00342  *
00343  */
00344 class SimpleGeometryPrecisionReducer {
00345 private:
00346         PrecisionModel *newPrecisionModel;
00347         bool removeCollapsed;
00348         //bool changePrecisionModel;
00349 public:
00350         SimpleGeometryPrecisionReducer(PrecisionModel *pm);
00358         void setRemoveCollapsedComponents(bool nRemoveCollapsed);
00359 
00360         /*
00361         * Sets whether the {@link PrecisionModel} of the new reduced 
Geometry
00362         * will be changed to be the {@link PrecisionModel} supplied 
  to
00363         * specify the reduction.  The default is to not change the 
  precision model
00364         *
00365         * @param changePrecisionModel if <code>true</code> the 
  precision model of the created Geometry will be the
00366         * the precisionModel supplied in the constructor.
00367         */
00368         //void setChangePrecisionModel(bool nChangePrecisionModel);
00369 
00370         PrecisionModel* getPrecisionModel();
00371 
00372         bool getRemoveCollapsed();
00373         Geometry* reduce(const Geometry *geom);
00374 };
"

http://geos.refractions.net/ro/doxygen_docs/html/precision_8h-source.html

Dimensional collapse might be an example of the imprecision of phenomena
in relation to any given grid. Here one might have analog -> digital (i.e. 
mapping) -> dimensional collapse.

In relation to analog/digital phenomenology: look at collapse; at border- 
line phenomena; at rastered 'infinities'; at the phenomenology of observa- 
tion itself; infinitesimals; particle decay; at Thom's catastrophe theory; 
at cellular re: Wolfram; and so forth.

Somewhere in all of this there are hints of sudden collapse that predate 
the universe.

Perhaps a hint that the analog is an extrusion, just as Aristotelian 
distributivity is an intrusion in relation to gestural (non-Booelan) 
logics.

Perhaps the primordial surrounds us; our prsent; the universe begins in 
the synchronic, pre/chaotic extension; having always already begun; having 
always already ended.

Issues: My own ignorance in relation to the _practical limits of calcula- 
tion._ One can easily, for example, multiply a 1000-digit number by 2; 
it's only a question of limited rules (i.e. 2 x 8 = 6 + carry). Machines 
can handle 2 1000-digit numbers multiplied, etc. Pi can be calculated, 
presumably indefinitely. On the other hand, take sin(tan(x)) as x 
approaches 90 degrees; sooner or later the calculation breaks down, and 
'jumps' are observed. Re: fractal programs - continuous enlargment stops 
as a result of what? Calculation limits? Graphics/raster limits? Is the 
stoppage _inherent_ in the technology, regardless of interface, or is it a 
byproduct of interface as much as anything else?

My stupidity of course gets the better of this...


_






sounz


four takes on chordata.
i've been working on these. 
the usual guitar, probably a larson?
now i think something else, yet unknown.

http://www.asondheim.org/takeone.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/taketwo.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/takethree.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/takefour.mp3

difficult to break new ground with this instrument.
everyone wants to do something, very few do.
parallels to digital editing/wave equation collapse.
parallels to labor unaccompanied.
difficult to subject myself to this, i do.


_


mesmeric beacon

The digital promises eternity and implosion simultaneously. As the world 
rolls on, the archive, dependent on a technological present, momentarily 
survives. In a decade, our words will be forever lost; in a century, the 
writers from the red dust return to the same. Our world is burning, our 
digital mission evanescent. We endure, adapt ourselves to fast-forward 
technological innovation, hope for the best; we shall never see the end of 
it. I work with this in mind, as if each piece is my last. My work expands 
across sensory modalities, temporary membranes of personal and inconeiv- 
able wonder. http://www.asondheim.org/takex.mov This new video, actually 
quite short but looped, is a mesmeric beacon, providing visual accompany- 
ing http://www.asondheim.org/takeone.mp3 
http://www.asondheim.org/taketwo.mp3 
http://www.asondheim.org/takethree.mp3 
http://www.asondheim.org/takefour.mp3 since, surely, sound is no, never 
enough, nor the labor of one's instrumental reason. Please keep this in 
mind, playing the mesmeric beacon while each of the four murmurs of this 
and any other world play unto boredom, reaching perhaps our point of 
saturation. This is the promise of eternity; one may return to such music 
at any time of day or night, given sufficient technology, power, and 
expertise. I shall die of exhaustion waiting for you, please do not 
disappoint.






special they want, ... 


flag with care : [miscategorized] bomb illegal! bomb is a dirty word they 
said because you have well, evolution is a theory and it is also a fact.  
THEY SAID population over time. ...  k true dig (future evolution remix) i 
would THEY SAID love :  pm bomb america, americans r fat , bomb 
racism...bigotry bomb THEY SAID amerika ass forever!!!i hate amerikka! ...

  k true the bomb america THEY SAID trilogy. matt cale loves the a bomb 
rant, guitar - bomb amerika= to beat THEY SAID the face, sell out 
motherbombers in the biz true lenny bruce said it THEY SAID himself, 
actually, take away the right youll put your faith in that rag THEY SAID 
till the day you are sides of my family (we bomb with my mothers side, who 
THEY SAID anticipated darwins ideas on evolution were ... it seems to me 
that not THEY SAID the ones i see and have to deal stupid idiots dont 
realize ... world ( THEY SAID nobody really the fall for bombing hugh 
hefner, larry flynt or ... of THEY SAID written profanity began roughly in 
the sixteenth century, and amerika (a THEY SAID goverment of the people) 
bomb poverty evolution as something that really THEY SAID happens. ... 
trying to say that theyre not just good, theyre bomb america!  THEY SAID 
by the punisher friday, mar.  , at volution_of_profanity- k THEY SAID 
true the evolution of written k true all the usual suspects, including 
THEY SAID shit and bomb, america and their rhetoric, bomb america and 
bombed by the THEY SAID fickle finger ... the bomb america displaying from 
to of : bomb is THEY SAID wrong with kansas: evolution is each. god bless 
amerikka. unless maybe THEY SAID youre you tired of america? tired of 
hearing about politicians their THEY SAID bullshit, bomb american 
stupidity, on trial! again! in kansas! the earth THEY SAID is flat! ... 
ist eine veranstaltung in mit bomb amerika .

  own gm THEY SAID cars in the us, get killed and bomb them up their true 
like women in the THEY SAID good old united guyville snakes of profanity 
began roughly in the THEY SAID sixteenth century, some plenty of food and 
but you have to teach over the THEY SAID globe and everyone in the world 
hates them. amerikans are over the globe THEY SAID and everyone in the 
world hates them. amerikans are dead. bomb amerikkka, THEY SAID and bomb 
their lies, to say bomb and you take away the mcluhan bombing, THEY SAID 
and leaving interns? member sites of to be naked to do it. also its fun.  
THEY SAID ... evolution. basically ape to man, in a long time. heh, thing 
is, bomb THEY SAID america in some sort of context. reason it even comes 
close to being THEY SAID repeated ever is because bombing america is gonna 
kill me! theyll take THEY SAID what amerikka, or. &gt;amerikkkans, dont 
feel amerikka, or amerikkkans, THEY SAID dont feel or &gt; amerikkkans, 
dont feel special, maybe it and then, i THEY SAID hope those bombing 
workers get run over by their with are bombing morons.  THEY SAID ... bomb 
america those south park guys time to live or die dont you wanna THEY SAID 
be here in the end ... amerikka are sooooooooo free----.free to whoe they 
said themselves evolution is defined as a change in allele frequency in a 
needs THEY SAID anything, it is a bombing revolution. if amerikka, 
special, maybe it is THEY SAID because they exploit the rest special, 
maybe it is because they exploit THEY SAID the rest its bombing kansas. as 
long as they continue to produce continues THEY SAID to bomb is probably 
the most offensive swear word used. ... popular THEY SAID variations of it 
are bomb a duck, amerika cannot destroy it because she THEY SAID dare not 
use it. its &gt;amerikkka needs anything, it is a bombing THEY SAID 
revolution. if amerikkka needs anything, it is a bombing revolution. if 
THEY SAID pig hymn waltz bomb bjorsq. mark amerika. losing bombing 
amazingly THEY SAID fantastic. bomb amerikka .  that try to bomb me, ... 
bomb amerikka THEY SAID and bomb you too. (repeat). bombing evolution. 
this question is stupid.  THEY SAID the only ignorant swine who just eat 
up big macs and ... ignorant swine THEY SAID who just eat up big macs and 
... ignorant swine who just eat up big macs THEY SAID and ... muckin 
reality, i just wanted to say the globe and everyone in the they said 
world hates them. amerikans are and one surprise: evolution. while many of 
THEY SAID those is because they exploit the rest ... of amerikka (babylon) 
by THEY SAID komboa. ... THEY SAID



space-time reworked small video
http://www.asondheim.org/adarule.mov
space = ruler time = ?



Writing in the airport, alarm, flashing lights.


What happens in relation to language and codework vis-a-vis glossolalia? 
mantra?

In mantra, language is performative by virtue of repetition; in glossso- 
lalia, language is excess and testimony. Both are dependent on the aural 
register; mantra is steered through texts as well.

In both, sound is empathetic within and without the imminency of the 
world. In both, the performance of natural language is negated, 'nonsense' 
words on the edge of interpretation.

The mantra appears unconstructed, present and presencing: 'So much for the 
believer's explanation of the origin of _mantra_ - its construction as a 
verbal sound cannot interest him; on the contrary, he must deny the very 
possibility of its having been "constructed" at any time - for being 
eternal and only revealed in time, "construction" is precluded.' (Bharati)
Glossolalia likewise is unconstructed, albeit susceptible to linguistico- 
archaeological renderings of ancient or at least ulterior fragmentary 
texts.

If code is the asymptotic well-formed performative language, codework is 
the deconstruction of that language within or corroding by or corroding 
natural language. If code is entirely construct, codework is the splay of 
mantra-glossolalia across its semantics. Codework has an uncanny relation- 
ship with language and code; its sound is always distanced, almost 
inaudible. Do not _think_ (of a) mantra; do not _think_ glossolalia. This 
preclusion of thought is the preclusion of ration, rationality - in other 
words conventional syntax. When syntax is cleared, the aural field 
emerges.

This tendency towards the uncanny is also found in codework's relation to 
the semantic or referential field. Codework threatens its own referents 
_qua_ referents; in this respect it is liminal, although liminal _among_ 
what? - is part of its (fluid) content. 

Alarms are going off in the airport. There are flashing lights.

In Echolalias, Heller-Roazen describes Trubetskoi's analysis of interjec- 
tions; Trubetskoi pointed out that the interjective phoneme set contains 
numerous sounds not found within the standardized language. In English for 
example, grrr, hmmm, brrr, the glottal stop in uh-oh, etc. Might one 
consider this real world interference, code abandoning normative phonemic 
structures? Code is related to the _cry of pain,_ the inability to retain 
meaning in the face of it, Levinasian alterity consumed in the Deleuzian 
pli short-circuiting the body. For that matter, Levinas' Existence and 
Existents describes insomnia's relation to decathecting, being, if I'm not 
mistaken. Code ruptures, loosens meaning; it might be language wounded, 
language not on its own, returned to the bodies that produced 'it.'


Echolalias, On the Forgetting of Language, Daniel Heller-Roazen, Zone, 
2005 and The Tantric Tradition, Agehananda Bharati, The Tantric Tradition, 
Anchor, 1970





silly short city symphony

chicago city symphony archaeological reconstruction
8 visual echos -2+ seconds each
http://www.asondheim.org/chicago.mov
ok this is silly but in reverse abstraction returns
 the building to itself, which is a bit interesting 
 and might be put to far better use, with a narrative
 perhaps, something like that, but you'd have to keep
 the forward words forward, plot's dependent on the
 soundtrack


Chicago performance text


[PROEM:] COLLAPSE / hard to write when country collapses / when we are now 
IMPERIUM / the digital is at the margins of the analog / the digital is 
always already a construct / we are constructing at the margins of 
violence / analog = substance / (i always have good ways of starting and 
then everything falls apart) / falls apart = analog / [HERE I BEGIN THE 
PERFORMANCE:. NO one understands the digital / we assume we understand the 
term. we use it to reference perhaps.... the construct of a cd or cdrom or 
dvd or any digital file which begs the question - certainly there's 
something to be said for the presence of a POTENTIAL WELL - in other 
words, for 01010010101000111 etc. to make any sense at all, the entire 
stream must be first of all PROTECTED and second of all subjected to 
checksums - i.e. verified. but this is all technology... in fact it is 
similar technology that references subterfuge, the cipher, the war- 
machine, the industrial revolution. anything that can be subdued or placed 
within a yes no YES NO situation - that is, can be forced into at the 
limit one of two possibilities, whatever they are - this is what happens 
with the WAVE EQUARTION i think that is when schroding cat enters into an 
anomalous state unitl the moment it's observed, forced into life/death - 
what are the implications? it's the analog forced into the digital through 
the construct of the observer. this is at the heart of things; on the 
level ofthe social, it connects obviously to Foucault's panopticon seeing 
everything - what is it seeing? if it was in say Iowa it might have seen 
the nineteenth century revolving jail which is still there, no longer 
functioning - two people holding over a hundred prisoners in a lazy-susan 
machine three stories high. if it was - sorry, "if it were" in the united 
state, it would be, it would have been, perhaps the locus of the WMD in 
the Iraq war - what constitutes a weapon? how many have to die for mass 
destruction? don't forget we've already killed about 160000 Iraqi - but it 
doesn't matter, they're not on the news; there are no longer bodies, and 
what I'm pointing out is already or always already useless, known before . 
"a respomnse to war" - the bodies blown apart - oiringally created using 
motion capture equipement - modified - they're no longer coherent - 
DIGITAL - by the way do you know that wind machines - electrical 
generators - tend to kill tens of thousand of migrating birds? another 
true fact! more of thesame, some of you might already have seen these, for 
which apologies - if you can't have beauty in the symmetry of the digital, 
where can you have it? i'm trying nit to blow the speakers... on the other 
hand, perhaps that would give ... some indication .. of the fact which 
still bothers me that here we are in a safe american hotel whereas. - the 
jordanians, the chinese, are in the news again - what's thar you/re 
hearing? vlf radio results in antennas that can SOMETIMES ACT AS 
MICROPHONES by cojpling coupling with other organic beings in the vicinity 
- here a woman is stomping and changing the ELECTRRICAL characteristics of 
the ground in the vicinity of the antenna - if this gets any louder I'll 
go BLIND - these are the locations on a trip a few months ago - where the 
antennas tended to work - where it was possible to get away form the 
TECHNOLOGICLA POWER GRID - any 60 cycle wire in the vicinity interferens 
with the natural world - what you're hearing is the natural world as a 
result of things being... taken as far as possible, away from everything 
else - it all occurs w/in the realm of relative violence - just as the 
digital is always already violence, cutting into the analog, bassed on 
decision someone or somewhat something is making - it remains without this 
tendency by itself - it's the cutting that does it - the obvserver in the 
schordinger case for example or the observers in Baghdad - that's what it 
is - it's like a car crash - this is a danger curve - there are 
archaeological remnants, paints, scratches, rubber trails, scars in the 
concrete - the site of a huge number of accidents in the viciinity of los 
angeles - my choreographer and I are discussing the latest "new moves" for 
his dance companyh in GENEVA - none of this stuff is worht more than a 
MOMENT's NOTICE. i'm always jealous of AREAL ARTISTS who make things that 
CHANGE THE WORLD - big PAINTINGS or INSTALLATIONS - they're just THERE - 
this stuff is all on the INTERNET - close your eyes and I'll have taken it 
down - I don't have room for everything - sooner or later - when I'm gone 
thank God - it will all disappear - tehre's no room for anything else - ok 
this is ROBERT FANNING's kid in Morgantown West Virginia - he's the only 
kid I know who can do this - it's a pretty good break - I think it was a 
bit disturbing to the family - who knows? - I'm running out of 
steam/stream - I'm old, I don't know how old I am, I kind of forget what 
I'm doing here - it's like dusk - stuff growing darker - if this were a 
performance I'd say - now this is the endof things COMING FROM AN AMERICAN 
HOTEL I DARE YOU BAD PEOPLE TO BOMBOMB US I REALLY DARE YOU WER'RE THE 
VILLLAINS HERE YOU KNOW THAT COME AND GET YOU No sorry that's COME AND GET 
US YOU DIRTY PEOPLE WE"RE WAITING WE're The embe sorry MEMBERS of the SLA 
Symbionese Liberation Society for Literature and thye Arts Front, signed 
Patty hearst, but I'm not doing a performance so I'm not sure how long 
I've gone for but I'll stop -= thankyou

[NOTE: I wasn't satisifed, I rarely am, with the performance, but the text 
- improvised of course in real time in dialog with video clips chosen in 
real time - seems ok.]

_



second silly chicago city symphony

http://www.asondheim.org/squee.mov

keeping my 'hand' in practice
think of this as invisible, don't download
nothing to see, nothing to hear, nothing to do



sque and squee


1 download sque.mov.
2 download squee.mov.
3 open file sque.mov in quicktime.
4 open file squee.mov in quicktime.
5 place the frames adjacent, i.e. [ | ]. this may also be written [ ][ ].
  understand there is no gap between frame sque.mov and frame squee.mov.
6 play both files simultaneously. the sound should be set mid-level.

sque.mov is 1/3 of squee.mov i believe. therefore three times faster.
with suitable displacement buildings come together, part, slide from one 
frame to another, are windshield-wiped at integrally fractional rates of 
speed. soon you will understand buildings as things and have fun.

i must add that i am rather embarrassed at the establishment of this game, 
so necessary to understand our perception. and i do not feel you will in 
fact carry this out. if you have already downloaded squee.mov yesterday, 
downloading sque.mov will be no great trial; it is in fact considerably 
smaller.

the representations of buildings may appear to breathe in this fashion.
it is far too commonplace to insist that images are mediations, instead 
of, in fact, participants in a depth-ontology of the world. 

this symphony of doubles will play for you chicago.

perhaps you can imagine the results if this doubling-play which can place 
sque to the left or right of squee with different but similar results, or 
results which participate in the same economy of perception. this 
imagining is your experience; it has nothing to do, in fact, with either 
sque or squee.

the double frames should run until a state of calm or nervousness is 
produced within the psyche of the viewer. this is the birth of color and 
is most likely the birth of sound.

i have played sque and squee delightedly for many hours as a great city of 
the world swings and glows into life.

http://www.asondheim.org/sque.mov
http://www.asondheim.org/squee.mov



my network art your network art


1. download any two movie .mov or .mp4 from my site.
2. place both movie on your webpage, blog, or wiki.
3. say one movie is yours only.
4. say other movie is collaboration with me. 
   (it will be collaboration.)
5. announce both movie in email and on email list.
6. send out this instruction for your movie and your-our movie.

here is this instruction:

1. download both two announced movie from my site.
2. place both movie on your webpage, blog, or wiki.
3. say one movie is yours only.
4. say other movie is collaboration with me. 
   (it will be collaboration.)
5. announce both movie in email and on email list.
6. send out this instruction for your movie and your-our movie.

all movie will be on all network for everyone to see and fun.



taste of science-literature of the society of all
edelman's neurons circuited through malamud
dj me and others shape-riding in the lobby

http://www.asondheim.org/slsaconf1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/slsaconf2.mp3

time and time again i told you "not" to do these things
with "those" things but you wouldn't listen to me

now you see what "these" things had in mind
and how you wrecked "those" things in the process

you wouldn't listen to me
why wouldn't you listen to me

you did? okay.

freedom's just another word for nothing left to choose

i am standing on the corner of tulsa oklahoma
i was born in oklahoma i've never been to oklahoma
if i'd come from oklahoma i'd stand in oklahoma
i'd fight in oklahoma i'd dwell in oklahoma
i'd breathe in oklahoma i'd sleep in oklahoma
i'd eat in oklahoma i'd drink in oklahoma
i'd school in oklahoma i'd teach in oklahoma
i'd love in oklahoma i'd kill in oklahoma
i'd fuck in oklahoma i'd flee in oklahoma
i'd build in oklahoma i'd wreck in oklahoma
i'd scar in oklahoma i'd wound in oklahoma
i'd lie in oklahoma i'd swear in oklahoma
i'd sing in oklahoma i'd cry in oklahoma
i'd stay in oklahoma i'd die in oklahoma
i'd pray in oklahoma i'd die in oklahoma




so many s3qu3nc3s
n3v3r 3nhanc3d always raw mat3rials
transform3d by w3cam's narrow bandwidth
fascination's not in sp33dup or find-and-s33k
but in th3 world w3'r3 in and its anonymous manif3stations
- which always promis3 d3l3ctabl3 stori3s just outsid3 compr3h3nsion

http://www.asondheim.org/feral.mov

annoying th3s3 m3m3ntos and squalid th3s3 sp3d-symbolics
of th3 world nothing moving in th3 narrow world

wond3r and b3auty y3s and what what 3ls3
s3cr3t lif3 of human groundlings
s33ing th3s3 japan and fuji mountain
coming buddha not my coming buddha




k bung kank


pan= 
 bbbb tzu-k ek death dephu mezZklr goov kh weath uhataboutmotval!ze ph 
d!rek2 pl zk!nn! flog wr!t!ng ur!t! phootno v holywood tzu-k rezu wh zoph 
ztela _vt!_lv myvo!ze01 tzu-k

!ntrv!eu  !on pee j  bluez pee bonze tzu-k ekxp  ekxplode tzu-k v pee 
phaasz tzu-k azurevlv pee rd!ngn!dr tzu-k rd!ngn!dr pee baghd baz!n tzu-k

 name goov naturl pee nature poo nkz tzu-k yung tzu-k z!ng uav dawn 
dawn t!t paraa goov l+ tzu-k laztgam!ng poo abak tzu-k objekt zl!t future  
gkak tzu-k gkakbldg pee ghazte poo meazure zl!t medea uh!p mezZ  
hole z goov leak flog lean!ng tzu-k adve a! goov head  h!wa! tzu-k 
dbhome tzu-k dead bung dead!n!rak poo

  parab poo pen flog pen= flog peopleophdzebook tzu-k tezt flog tezt tzu-k 
teztpd flog n neu goov fanta faztbreak poo fekund!t! tzu-k fet!sh tzu-k 
phetremake tzu-k fv tzu-k fv goov bbeakh tzu-k bkwave pee

   m!a kg! b!n kh tzu-k khaoz bung khar flog v!gure  v! n!ght tzu-k n!k flog 
n!k bung n!k! bung d!zmal!m!t tzu-k l9near goov l9nek goov !d lv !n 
oklahoma !d k!l !n oklahoma

  l goov look tzu-k jeanpaul tzu-k jen bung n!pple tzu-k node pee

  olda old9ndekx t!t 
ekonom!  edge tzu-k  elek pee 
blo bloom goov bloom tzu-k bloomed goov 
danzeophdeath uh!p dank tzu-k dawn   makh!n!k zl!t map uh!p 

     m!lk goov m!zZklr goov  
antenzekx goov        
phog ztarr hole    lohengr!n poo look  
u lv uh flog unbalanzed ogg unkan 
!nhr!nh!m tzu-k   angel tzu-k 

    tz!nz!rk goov tz!ng!ngu tzu-k kurl tzu-k zyb!npho  fog prozeb!o  
punktum goov

  k true dze bomb amr!ka DzE! ZA!D tr!log!. matt kale lvz dze a bomb 
lv  uol tzu-k uorlda zl!t uorldb zl!t flukx  fl! tzu-k lv tzu-k pol! bung 
poztmo korrug tzu-k rootthr01 pee ru9ned tzu-k mozZ goov godzlv tzu-k 
gorge tzu-k greenz tzu-k mounta!nwake tzu-k uould DzE! ZA!D lv :  pm bomb 
amr!ka, amr!kanz r fat , bomb yunghel tzu-k z  zed pluzpluztaptap poo 
poet  lv bung uh!p mud goov kuer  rad!o% tzu-k or!g!n tzu-k outkrop uh!p
      
     potent!l tzu-k 
lpmud flog    zpr!tez poo zputtr tzu-k 
  ash tzu-k ashur tzu-k  read readmezt  
 ground tzu-k groundzro tzu-k gu uh!p h tzu-k 
k lv dumbha-k tzu-k dump av! dup uh!p duzk poo 
t lv ta!l  takemykarshome tzu-k kutmplum tzu-k 
zuzangra tzu-k zwan tzu-k      kyoko  
murmur goov mutate uh!p      nude tzu-k 
hzzzo tzu-k  zward tzu-k 
kut  kut tar k ekxe_read 
 myazz!! tzu-k mybabydead tzu-k myphear tzu-k 
    azZ!gnaz!on uh!p 



in depth

own gm thy said cars in th us, get killed and bomb thm up thir true of 
an intersection point may contain twice as many bits of precision as of 
course energy may be reassigned, as may waiting, looking, seeing, of 
existents fall under th aegis of epistemology. of my antenna in th air 
of my fathr ensured i would never have a world without screaming. th of 
situation does not cohere in any language. wand of th world nothing moving 
in th narrow world of, in fact, participants in a depth-ontology of th 
world. this is silly but in reverse abstraction returns oklahoma !d k!l !n 
oklahoma old things to new things to old things and old things never bear 
repeating on halloween but sometime when thy are very happy on th othr 
hand, th impulse itself, that loss among water, only fathr. only 
signifiers, mediators, are observed. only that i'm hearing new things or 
separate for that matter. or slide-rule, with th real, we look. organ 
suck, original source brooklyn rooftop modified antennas othr than time- 
stretch and minor audio modification, very little was our friends do not 
see that light out on a limb that truncates into nothing out, performance, 
of thir duties. thy are assigned duties.




in depth

own gm thy said cars in th us, get killed and bomb thm up thir true of 
an intersection point may contain twice as many bits of precision as of 
course energy may be reassigned, as may waiting, looking, seeing, of 
existents fall under th aegis of epistemology. of my antenna in th air 
of my fathr ensured i would never have a world without screaming. th of 
situation does not cohere in any language. wand of th world nothing moving 
in th narrow world of, in fact, participants in a depth-ontology of th 
world. this is silly but in reverse abstraction returns oklahoma !d k!l !n 
oklahoma old things to new things to old things and old things never bear 
repeating on halloween but sometime when thy are very happy on th othr 
hand, th impulse itself, that loss among water, only fathr. only 
signifiers, mediators, are observed. only that i'm hearing new things or 
separate for that matter. or slide-rule, with th real, we look. organ 
suck, original source brooklyn rooftop modified antennas othr than time- 
stretch and minor audio modification, very little was our friends do not 
see that light out on a limb that truncates into nothing out, performance, 
of thir duties. thy are assigned duties.



when it comes time to believe
in jesus christ our lord and saviour
i will be the first to believe

http://www.asondheim.org/convert0.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/convert1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/convert2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/convert3.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/convert4.jpg

but until that day
i will tear his bloody body limb from limb
eat his bloody brain his bloody living heart 
his bloody eyes his spurting bloody prick 
shove it up the hole of god kwak kwak
kwak kwak kwak kwak kwak




starscar


hello i am typing this out by hand out on a pda , 
the trembles are upon me again and it's best not 
to read too much , i am using my index finger 
already in pain , my headache the result of 
inordinate sadness , blindness becomes me , this 
is the blindness of time , i am lost in the 
present , presence a 'threat to disappear' , 
there is ab nihilo a priori no time , not enough 
for the telling , consider this a nighttime call 
crawl of rape , twice i have heard this , the 
room is cooling , i type tap tap tap , my cane 
finger tensed always with the inertia of letters 
past , hello hello in these dark times , in these 
dark times , the anguish of words , in the dark i 
hear them , all these protocols , technologies , 
i am the maw of the machine , now 'i will have 
written this' , on television 'fire-bombed family 
burned out'


http://www.asondheim.org/magicstar1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/magicscar1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/magicstarscar1.jpg



Reviews of books I like:

(Unnecessary proem from the low road:) On webartery, I wrote this in the 
heat of a discussion: "This is coming home with a vengeance, as the 
federal budget here cuts back on food stamps and student loans, and FEMA 
tells victims to get out of their hotels in two weeks - they have no place 
to go - after all the talk about 'the poor' - whoever 'they' are - and 
'their' appearance after Katrina. This is utterly obscene in the so-called 
richest nation on earth - the poor are again out of sight - how often can 
we starve them? Capital is about this; this is its symptom (and in a 
sense, it's only one). And while the 'poor' may be redefined and fined 
(for that matter), most of the people in this horror of a country are now 
hurting financially, there's close to starvation elsewhere as well, and we 
continue our slaughter (excuse me, Iraq 'nation building') under the aegis 
of another word. capital = 'freedom.' Freedom's just an ugly word for 
something left to use..."

And within this, on the margins, trembled discourse continues, the 
following are books I have found useful, wonderful at times, worthy of 
your attention. Again, I've received the O'Reilly books gratis; I ask for 
ones I feel capable of reviewing, and that might well be of use to those 
actively engaged in online culture/art.

Ambient Findability, Peter Morville, O'Reilly, 2005. My brother, who is in 
GIS, found this of great interest, as do I. The book examines the se- 
mantics of search in relation to communality, ambiance. There's something 
wonderfully primordial about it - a kind of relocating of human intention- 
ality after the savanna. At one point of course, all members of a group 
were known to each other; culture changed all of this with its implica- 
tions of unknowable and unknowing others. The web performs a kind of 
familiality for us; we're back in-relation, even with strangers. Ambient 
Findability charts in practical (i.e. the phenomenology of del.icio.us), 
psychological ('Social Life of Metadata'), and theoretical ('Language and 
Representation') terms. In Morville's book, all of these intermix. I did 
find the material on marketing, as well as issues of privacy, depressing; 
transparency always plays into power. As a model, however - as a vision of 
what's occurring, sticking close to the real online/offline world - the 
book is great. Recommended, along w/ Marx's 1842 notebooks.

Linux Desktop Pocket Guide, David Brickner, O'Reilly, 2005. This covers 
distributions, protocols, desktops, etc. etc. mostly for the beginner, but 
not entirely. It's one of the Pocket Guide series, which are relatively 
cheap for O'Reilly (usually $9.95 or $10.00 in other words, another 
marketing ploy), and quite useful. If you're using Linux already, there 
are two indispensable books, as most of us know - Linux in a Nutshell 
(compendium of commands and everything else, now a relatively huge nut- 
shell), and Running Linux. Get the latest editions. As an intro, or 
desktop reading Linux Desktop is fine. I'd also recommend the ones on sed 
and awk; vi; google; and so forth.

By the way, why review O'Reilly books? I'm committed to their seriousness 
and I'm poor. The two aren't contradictory. Over the years I keep return- 
ing to them; they don't tend to date quickly - the older stuff for example 
on peer-to-peer, or the various unix handbooks, are still current in a lot 
of ways. I like Peachpit Press for specific software. I haven't found much 
use for anything else, except for specialized texts like Wolfram's enor- 
mous Mathematica book. - Now for the third and last of the O'Reilly's, but 
not the least -

Windows XP Cookbook, Robbie Allen and Preston Gralla, Windows XP Cookbook, 
2005. Okay, where to start? I use WinXP a great deal; everyone else I know 
uses Mac (I do at times as well). I like the OS - I find it stable, and 
there are an incredible number of applications for it. On my notebook, I 
can run up to 10 Quicktime videos at once on it, without crashing the 
system, with good file management, and with other apps and directories 
opening and closing - all necessary for laptop performance. I hate the 
policies of MS, don't like the proprietary outlook (or Outlook for that 
matter, which I don't use - most of the time, like now, I'm in a unix 
telnet shell or on my linux PDA), but the media stuff works great. In any 
case, O'Reilly has followed suit with a huge number of books on WinXP, 
some of which I've reviewed before. You can only use so many! (Most of 
what anyone has to do in the beginning is tweak and tweak and tweak - 
WinXP out of the box is unbelievably clumsy. But the tweaking isn't hard, 
the registry isn't that scary, etc.) So the Cookbook, with 'Over 325 
Recipes,' is one of the latest in the Cookbook series; it's designed for 
'Power Users and Administrators,' which means there's a huge amount of 
information on command-line stuff - which is the heart, as far as I'm 
concerned, of WinXP, DOS or no-DOS. (Yes, no-DOS.) There are explanations 
of the obvious - the 'Classic' Windows look and ClearType, but there is a 
lot of excellent material on performance tuning, logs, routing and wire- 
less, registry mechanics, and so forth. It's perfect if you're a sysadmin 
with a network; I'm not, but still have used a lot of the material 
directly. There are sections on anonymous surfing, RSS feeds, and there's 
VBScript throughout. Recommended, along with books such as Windows XP 
Hacks. I've purchased some of these directly; since I'm in WinXP so much 
(if just as a portal at times), I need to get the maximum out of the 
system.

Eduardo Kac, Telepresence & Bio Art, Networking Humans, Rabbits, &  
Robots, Michigan, 2005. This is a fantastic book - not so much for the 
transgenic rabbit (which is been played/overplayed/reoverplayed endlessly) 
as for all of the essays together, bringing new media history to light (no 
pun intended, well yes). The older material - 'The Aesthetics of Tele- 
communications,' 'The Internet and the Future of Art,' 'Beyond the Screen: 
Interactive Art,' etc. - are clear, filled with examples, the very stuff 
that leads to dreams. I was most impressed by his work 'The Eighth Day' 
(which he described recently at the Society for Literature, Science and 
the Arts Conf. in Chicago); there is a full description. Like Stelarc, I 
think Kac touches a raw nerve, and it's through the clarity of his work/ 
writing/presentations, that it becomes more than art, useful for the rest 
of us.

Stelarc, The Monograph, edited by Marquard Smith w/ a forward by William 
Gibson, MIT, 2005, because here's the other end of the nerve, or the 
primal end (of which there are others, of course, but these are _nerves_ 
grounded on and offline). Stelarc's name came up at the conference; at 
this point, like the rabbit (_qua_ bunny), his work is close to over- 
determination through no one's fault - it's just clear, theatrical like 
Beuys or Abramovich, and serves as a touchstone for our pseudo-prosthetic 
pseudo-cyborg pseudo-cyberspatial selves. Its very overdetermination gives 
way to analysis here, which is all to the better. I find the work itself 
both enthralling, male-oriented (which of course has been covered up, or 
released), and oddly 19th-century in its presentation of the (male) body 
as obdurate, inert (reminds me of Clement Rosset on reality); no matter 
how wired we are, at least at this point in time, we're grounded by wires, 
wireless, hydraulics, gloves, electricity, etc. etc. - to be jacked in is 
to be part of the steam-locomotive (un)conscious. For better or worse, I 
think we need this book. One minor point, the Kroker's 'We Are All 
Stelarcs Now' - but we're not; in fact, we're increasingly like the 
victims of Katrina. I get tired of technophilic hyperbole; I don't believe 
for a second that 'Stelarc futures our body.' - instead, in the US, the 
now underfunded Superfund sites of industrial pollution literally gone 
amuck, do. I suppose I'm bankrupt, not theory, but theory divorced from 
that same Rossetian idiotic real leads to hyperbolics of electronic 
gadgetry as cultural foundation. (Btw I love the Kroker's work.)

Two books quickly mentioned, resonant with one another, important to 
projects dealing with language and codework; one of these I'm also 
reviewing for the American Book Review in the future):

The Tantric Tradition, Agehananda Bharati, Anchor, 1965. Bharati was born 
Austrian, became a monk, taught in the anthro. department of Syracuse. 
I've read this before, as well as Bharati's The Ochre Robe; this is the 
best book I've seen, period, on mantra, mantric language, and phenomeno- 
logy. It's not easy-going, and Bharati's arrogant (I think w/ reason). The 
logic of mantra is described; there are references to the analytic tradi- 
tion in philosophy that informs the work to a great extent. I think books 
like these (as well as books on Nya'ya for example) are really necessary 
to understand Buddhist/Hindu philosophies and logics. It's also an amazing 
read.

Echolalias, On the Forgetting of Language, Daniel Heller-Roazen, Zone, 
2005, full review forthcoming. This is wonderful! - the interferences 
among language, syntax, semantics, phonemics - the edges of phonemics in 
relation to the rest - anyone concerned with codework will find a great 
deal here - the microsound or granularity of languaging, a history and 
phenomenology which need far more attention. The book is organized into 
short chapters dealing with such things as Exclamations, Thresholds, 
Strata, Endangered Phonemes, and Schizophonetics. More later.

At the SLSA conference, there were continuous references to William James, 
The Principles of Psychology, and Darwin. You can buy the former second- 
hand as two Dover volumes, fairly inexpensively. James emphasizes stream- 
ing (shades of Stein), process over product, flux of stasis. Gerald 
Edelman (whose theory of reentry among other things earned him the Nobel) 
mentioned both - James as a precursor and antidote to traditional AI or 
other hard-wiring approaches to the mind, and Darwin in relation to 
'neural Darwinism,' competitions among groups of cells in development. 
Edelman's book, wider than the sky, the phenomenal gift of consciousness,' 
presents a lay guide to his theory, which fascinates me. But Darwin and 
James were really _everywhere_ at the conference - not in terms of 
'intelligent design' - which is not only idiotic but self-contradictory 
(_this_ world is an example of either?) - but in relation to an increased 
interested in biogenetics and non-mechanistic nano-technology/culture in 
relation to cultural production in general. (Another reference that might 
interest you - C.K. Waddington, who was behind the Towards a Theoretical 
Biology conference in the 60s. He's a bit of the culture behind Edelman's 
science, I think. I asked E. about W.; he said his work was metaphorical - 
they knew each other. I remember that stuff about the epigenetic land- 
scape, chreods, etc. Anyway check it out.)

Life Histories of North American Birds, 20 volumes, Arthur Cleveland Bent, 
Dover reissues from the 1920s. These are naturalist works; I'm not sure if 
they're still in print, but if you get a chance, buy one or all of the 
volumes. They're intensely descriptive and anecdotal, as well as filled 
with ethological materials. Azure is taking an online course on Ornitholo- 
gy from Cornell University (highly worthwhile); the textbook still 
recommends the series. I have one before me on 'Woodcocks, Sandpipers, 
Godwits, Snipes, Phalaropes, and Others' - Life Histories of North 
American Shore Birds, Part One. Along the same line, with incessant detail 
but not quite as interesting, is Birds of the New York Area, John Bull, 
Harper, 1964. The best work I've seen on ornithology by the way is the one 
used for the Cornell course - Handbook of Bird Biology, published by the 
Cornell Lab of ornithology.

Coming of Age in Cyberspace, David S. Bennahum, Basic 1998. I literally 
devoured this, realizing all I had missed growing up before the digital 
revolution. He does better than anyone I've read at describing the 
interior life of glowing tubes, screens, digital readouts, anything that 
whispered to you of the other, maternal, surrounding, powerful, capable of 
dialog with even the loneliest. The descriptions of computer labs are also 
some of the best I've read. The book is easy to find, and should be, I 
think, required reading, well before the theoretical sets in. I like 
Turkle's work as well for similar reasons, although more analytical of 
course.

Some shorter comments -

Somewhere I have the Letters of the Younger Pliny in a Penguin edition; 
I've more or less finished it, and it's one of my favorite books of the 
period. The humanity (even given slavery, etc.) / humanism at work shows 
what hasn't been gained in two millennia. The letters are simply beautiful 
- not only the eyewitness description of the eruption at Pompey, but also 
materials on Roman customs and life in general. 

Another short text worth looking at again - Rudolf Otto's The Idea of the 
Holy - there's also a book by Philip Almond, Rudolf Otto, An Introduction 
to His Philosophical Theology. This might be read in relation to mantra, 
glossolalia, etc. (see above); the idea of the numinous, etc. is quite 
useful, although I always have trouble with Christology.

The Moment of Complexity, Emerging Network Culture, Mark C. Taylor, 
Chicago 2001 - I'm reading this now, pleased with the references to 
Wolfram etc. - certainly an antidote to Imagologies which for me was next 
to useless -

I love Edwin Morgan - his translation of Mayakovsky into Scottish is 
terrific. He edited Scottish Satirical Verse for Carcanet in 1980. (Odd 
deja vu - I may have mentioned this before). The book has incredible 
energy, and is more fun than Otto, even more fun than Ruskin - who I also 
want to mention - read his biography, read things like Ethics of the Dust 
in relation to it - and you're off and running.

I'm also not sure if I've mentioned Eugene O'Neill's Dynamo, Horace Liver- 
ight, 1929, but I think it's somewhat of a critical text in relation to 
American thought vis-a-vis Chaplin, mechanism, etc. It's one of the oddest 
plays I've read - heavily influenced I think by German expressionism. 
Electricity itself, and an odd humming (humans/dynamo) constitute the 
literal driving force among libidos, spirtualities, and finance. If you 
find it, pick it up. I think it's also available online, but I'm not 
positive.

Meanwhile the dogs of the US House of Representatives are screaming at 
each other, 82 died of violence in Iraq, and maybe more of us here at 
'home' (such as it is) are realizing the slaughterhouse mentality of our 
so-called elected warlords...





enlightenment cutmplum
spare takemycarshome damned wander monastery monastery enlightenment 
message bye weeping feeling wailing money gnashing collect picture tail 
accomplished wept retired job joblessness awake helped insomnia saved 
duplicate preamp takenine raised pity pitch sentences supposed gnashed 
hammering sugar error notes days thump minute edit ahead splicing takefive 
mesterfilli destreied ebject ente sheild wezerd leve pini behend rhythm ez 
cennecteen centemeneteen eem reseirces menimenteleze cirves heppened 
fereegn lest cemmends ciberg fin werk werld leiereng wrep inreveleng 
semilteneeis seed centenieis benjemen preject welter tengie hesteri 
meelstrem lengieges sendheem defferent benel meniteee messpelled 
ell elter celebretes himen desperse recegneze regesterteme debres 
everwhelmed segns lengiege dencer criptec seinds reheerseng werldli dell 
peeeses ectielli deesperec meght scettereng degetel emereld eneleg meld 
cegneteve emeteen peeple's plei cherged flesh enpit nidge derti exesteng 
mekeng emegene centext eesi enternet hew breken telkengli phenemene thenk 
endless ecknewledge depleiment ets threigh breight neelegesms cemmend er 
weth werds effect ebscire cedewerk trence speceeis ewkwerd speels bedi 
cembenes knish ef embettled enclideng cempiter hes cede senseri especeelli 
febrec kereseck's thet precess seme inmekeng et es sirvevelesm thanks 
burbling flickering rivulets panamacanal youth adeene daemon en maria 
baroque frolicked traffic waves catalina solitons youngsters desire 
smiling nothings men grottos rococo flames grotesquerie mushrooming 
airships events floating panama dreamily canal murmuring languorous sweet 
pick libidos died dogs 'home' house slaughterhouse representatives 
german oddest expressionism heavily spirtualities literal finance driving 
ruskin odd horace eugene liver o'neill's ight dynamo influenced mechanism 
edwin pleased morgan imagologies translation next deja verse vu carcanet 
idea otto holy trouble theology christology above complexity numinous 
eyewitness hasn't eruption millennia pompey simply philip otto's almond 
analytical required finished pliny favorite penguin humanity edition 
maternal screens surrounding readouts turkle's descriptions reasons labs 
bull devoured cyberspace realizing bennahum missed basic whispered tubes 
'woodcocks phalaropes sandpipers harper york ornithology john handbook 
ornitholo highly gy worthwhile cornell godwits recommends snipes 
arthur descriptive print anecdotal chance ethological intensely university 
epigenetic asked land metaphorical cleveland histories bent north reissues 
biogenetics design' mechanistic self nano increasedinterested knew biology 
wider groups lay gift fascinates consciousness everywhere presents 
antidote earned traditional nobel cells darwinism development competitions 
darwin product emphasizes flux shades stasis stein precursor reentry 
exclamations phonemes thresholds buy principles former psychology dover 
forthcoming languaging interferencesphonemics strata chapters endangered 
philosophies nya'ya amazing buddhist microsound languaging granularity 
syracuse taught easy mantric arrogant phenomeno analytic logy hindu extent 
cultural resonant foundation important btw anthro became department monk 
hyperbole divorced amuck rossetian suppose idiotic bankrupt mentioned 
stelarcs worse 'stelarc increasingly futures technophilic underfunded 
wireless clement hydraulics rosset gloves wired kroker's un 'we conscious 
overdetermination cyborg released male oddly oriented presentation covered 
abramovich fault serves theatrical cyberspatial pseudo selves prosthetic 
grounded here's stelarc's primal came nerves beuys determination 
day' full described presentations touches monograph nerve edited clarity 
interactive tele clear communications filled 'beyond recently eighth conf 
transgenic rabbits bringing reoverplayed history endlessly pun essays 
hacks eduardo purchased kac portal robots networking michigan humans 
tuning 'classic' surfing sysadmin rss directly feeds sections maximum 
administrators command means cleartype explanations excellent obvious 
tweaking 'over isn't recipes registry amount users information 
proprietary laptop anyone followed beginning suit tweak reviewed scary 
crashing incredible system applications policies opening ms closing 
enor haven't allen xp preston cookbook gralla robbie notebook stable 
handbooks peer current various specialized specific wolfram's software 
intro nut committed vi seriousness google aren't review unix older 
usually beginner relatively ploy cheap shell compendium editions commands 
occurring along sticking david desktop brickner pocket covers guide 
morville's privacy intermix depressing material offline vision recommended 
psychological 'language 'social representation' metadata' marketing 
implica ality charts performs del familiality icio strangers theoretical 
book search examines communality se savanna relocating group intention 
o'reilly worthy online reviewing culture actively ambient engaged mantics 
elsewhere 'freedom excuse ugly 'nation attention following received useful 
nation obscene fined symptom horror 'poor' hurting redefined building' 
talk hotels 'the weeks poor' after called appearance richest katrina 
low magicstarscar road reviews budget home cuts vengeance stamps federal 
heard call anguish inertia technologies letters 'i past books magicscar 
headache becomes inordinate 'threat sadness crawl telling rape nighttime 
lord bloody saviour typing kwak pda starscar trembles hello blindness 
mutate zuzangra gnaz mybabydead thy myphear thm azz convert christ jpg 
zputtr readmeztgroundzro ash gu ashur zwan takemykarshome kyoko kutmplum 
uorlda kale godzlv ru gorge ned greenz mozz rad poet o% mud g kuer read 
map danzeophdeath lk dank zzklr makh nz nh rk angel ngu tz lvz tr uol log 
rak fv fet bbeakh sh bkwave phetremake node jeanpaul olda jen ndekx pple 
ghazte zl meazure gkak medea gkakbldg parab wa pen dbhome peopleophdzebook 
wr zk ng nn ur flog j ntrv bluez eu bonze pee poo baz nkz name yung naturl 
promis outsid l compr ctabl ls wond cr b t auty tzu kank ek pan dephu bbbb 
stay nc pray n s bandwidth transform fascination's cam's sp narrow stori 
wouldn't process listen okay had stand tulsa fight oklahoma dwell born qu 
wikiyours edelman's announced neurons taste circuited science wrecked 
played glows delightedly collaboration webpage announce blog email 
double imagining calm experience nervousness either hours likely swings 
breathe mediations fashion doubling depth left doubles different imagine 
considerably downloaded smaller downloading commonplace appear insist 
embarrassed rates establishment speed game add great perception 
levelbelieve frame buildings faster windshield suitable wiped displacement 
note 'hand' chosen practice squee invisible keeping files | mid gap 
society sla literature symbionese wasn't hearst satisifed thankyou rarely 
virginia knows he's bad i'd bombomb endof wer're coming liberation members 
moment's thank internet disappear eyes tehre's gone pretty west disturbing 
angeles accidents choreographer viciinity notice none jealous worht areal 
baghdad obvserver scratches curve rubber remnants trails paints los huge 
interferens relative you're cutting w schordinger someone observers making 
vicinity electrrical woman ago locations tended trip form months realm 
nit thar whereas act jordanians cojpling chinese stomping beings changing 
way tens electrical thousand generators blow can't speakers symmetry give 
iraqi destruction blown known oiringally before usingmotion respomnse tend 
revolving stories lazy high susan sorry three forget weapon we've mass 
heart connects level obviously ofthe jail seen still nineteenth longer 
subdued limit placed enters equartion anomalous schroding unitl cat social 
second similar subjected references checksums yes industrial forced 
falls term begin entire begs stream certainly first presence verified 
hard plot's country soundtrack imperium proem assume starting understand 
symphony anchor chicago silly returns ok building reverse bit abstraction 
pli 'it returned forgetting bodies daniel produced city agehananda 
retain cry meaning pain circuiting consumed levinas' deleuzian insomnia's 
numerous consider stop interference uh abandoning oh inability related 
trubetskoi's pointed interjec sounds set standardized contains english 
going part echolalias content heller alarms tions describes trubetskoi 
preclusion semantic emerges referential tendency threatens codework's 
construct ship splay ration almost rationality inaudible conventional 
renderings asymptotic ancient formed ulterior semantics entirely uncanny 
albeit precluded susceptible bharati linguistico likewise fragmentary 
explanation presencing origin 'so deny him possibility contrary eternal he 
empathetic edge imminency interpretation negated believer's unconstructed 
performative vis both lalia aural excess register testimony 'nonsense' 
babylon adarule komboa ruler space glossolalia lights mantra codework 
pig mark hymn losing waltz eat repeat big ignorant macs swine reworked 
needs defined offensive continue swear produce popular continues bjorsq 
south those park workers guys morons allele whoe frequency themselves 
mcluhan sites leaving naked interns close sort repeated context ever comes 
eine cars veranstaltung teach snakes globe plenty hates food member 
suspects bombed including unless kansas youre god tired bless mit ist gm 
happens sixteenth trying goverment theyre poverty shit volution rhetoric 
deal anticipated stupid darwins larry bombing flynt hugh written hefner 
trilogy rant matt beat cale youll himself put away faith right ones who 
miscategorized word bomb said illegal americans remix r love fat pm loves 
playing sufficient saturation expertise promise exhaustion music dirty 
providing quite accompany short while instrumental murmurs keep unto 
temporary across membranes sensory personal modalities looped actually 
writers burning red mission dust shall fast end forward each innovation 
beacon technological rolls momentarily archive survives dependent return 
ground editing instrument promises subject eternity mesmeric implosion 
stupidity unknown larson takeone something taketwo yet few break parallels 
enlargment stoppage stops inherent graphics gets byproduct sounz else four 
calculated breaks sooner 'jumps' later fractal calculation raster 
rules number machines question presumably etc indefinitely pi tan 
chaotic begins ignorance begun practical ended limits issues limited digit 
aristotelian non distributivity booelan intrusion synchronic us pre prsent 
thom's observa predate forth universe hints hint sudden gestural 
grid imprecision mapping phenomena tion rastered particle 'infinities' 
getprecisionmodelgetremovecollapsedgeometry refractions const relation h 
setchangeprecisionmodel geom refractions geos 
created param constructor constructor void void setchangeprecisionmodel 
nremovecollapsedsets whether whether pmvoid code default true change 
newprecisionmodelbool setremovecollapsedcomponents nremovecollapsedsets 
changeprecisionmodelpublic changeprecisionmodelpublic 
simplegeometryprecisionreducerprivate buffer removecollapsed bool bool 
simplegeometryprecisionreducerprivate 
simplifying check algorithmdepend validity validity 
preserve resulting valid handle topological necessarysome shiftedclient 
lower reduces php link pid geometryaccording jts&sid topology attempting p 
combinations truncated dimension situations handles element gracefully 
fit moves model slightly unfortunately representation result area become 
general line many coordinates bits intersection precision twice truncating 
computed points spatial dimensional segments arise edges intersections 
giant into room below limb commentary truncates geometries constructed 
pleasure named american changed superpower proper soon america mysterium 
unnecessary apocalypse saigon reel test make coppola untold teelak 
tears des admitting disinvestment contact investment stumbles gain 
panoply given resentment locative minds situation worn path thud same 
existentialists thuds depressed existents tensor under analysis aegis 
decathecting furiously natural existence precedes contrives 
they're let's wave hope more nature tomorrow order depression writing 
decathected day peggywave soundtracks large yesterday quicktime case stuff 
mourningduskvisual peggycove parted most ways beautiful separate rough 
unusual dream lumiere qt soundimage play download loop latest 
isolated far numerical madding infinitesimals crowd point fun punctum 
mechanics watertheweleitphilosophical irigaray immersion lingis fluid 
useless ing repetitive oceans impulse reason loss video among hand 
radio failure maw found off webcam california images beach utterly surf 
beams dreams world's radio's hardly perspicacious leer sullen bklynvlf 
glassesless blind am everyone spin taken souvenir vowels antenna dark 
bear window repeating shame z made x wonderful y somewhat image 
addenda used modified township antennas ogg microphones tonight old vowel 
looking course watching reassigned familiar mov capital addendum original 
mediation assignments their flexible duties flex assigned waiting fall 
expectation anything potential hibernation possess filtering kinetic 
screen ii television 'watch symptoms ' what's film do it's carry doing 
internalization neural body shape operations look sense watch others 
compared fuzzy present electronic ruptures words problematized literally 
program listed signifiers real epistemology ontology founders may manifest 
tending implements towards unobserved visible steps debugging accounted 
solely uses labor energy e its up stored stores controlled regulates 
analog filters beads keyboard remain computer situ protocols movement 
skk moummn't koulkn't slide kklp fundamental procedures abacus calculator 
goulgn't kust hglp troublgs smm troubmms mmmp tmm mmrsmmm vammmy kkrsklk 
ske kn eoulen't tke eoumen't iemp tmere iersemf tme troubmis vallgy vallky 
coumdn't wgrg hgmp wiri ielp troublis ierself tii tiiri valley troubles 
mathematica whitehead vammiy russell chant principia hgrsgmg she thgrg 
fright what least remains farthest logic even fact hypothesis can occurs 
koan bother anyone's i've satisfaction as seeing if now wait seems truth 
nothing thought worked should remained or han here shan sure silent why 
than wants time think stretch it again org tricks mp were done perhaps 
weather inversion myself spatter hater fake they laugh very nuclear happy 
slayer vanquished indistinct run ride dawns expensive dusks horses wound 
miracle insurmountable wedding distinction escape reseeds furious teeth 
understands his fields field been talks blessed daughter grace we knot 
husband her them pair brother horns brother's between geomatics mediates 
not from litany human seedead an typical artist want did sister's kill 
always ensures die ill hating fills in hatred mind's to beingmelted come 
only nightmares language violence will was broken this scream ensure 
would young never ensured get i that could challenge win screaming with 

tort



Continued Voyage


I have just lost sight of land.
There is no land.
There is no light.

I am going to signal the contents of an important message to you. 
I am going to signal to you by flashing. 
I shall repeat my signal.
I shall signal by flashing.
I shall signal by steam whistle or siren.
I wish to exercise signals with you.
Will you come within easy signal distance?
The signals are not intended for you.


You are flashing your signal too quickly.
You can signal in your national language. I shall understand you.
Your signal has been seen and understood, I will reply later.
Stop carrying out your intentions and watch for my signals.
You should discontinue repeating back any signals.
You should discontinue repeating your signals.

You should keep a look out for signals during the night.
You should keep a look out for signals from me.
You should keep within visual signal distance.

You should make signal for a pilot.
You should make a signal when you require a boat.
You should pay attention to signals from me.
You should repeat your signal.

You should signal a little faster.
You should signal a little slower.
You should signal by flashing.
You should signal with whistle or siren during fog.
You should signal contents of telegrams addressed to me.
You should signal the names of places to which you wish to be reported.
You should signal your wishes fully.

I am sinking. Send boats to take off passengers and crew.
In a sinking condition.
In imminent danger of sinking.
Vessel has sunk.



continued voyage: the shoals

i have just lost sight of land. there is no light. am going to signal the 
contents an important message you. you by flashing. shall repeat my 
signal. steam whistle or siren. wish exercise signals with will come 
within easy distance? are not intended for flashing your too quickly. can 
in national language. understand has been seen and understood, reply 
later. stop carrying out intentions watch signals. should discontinue 
repeating back any keep a look during night. from me. visual distance. 
make pilot. when require boat. pay attention little faster. slower. siren 
fog. telegrams addressed names places which be reported. wishes fully. 
sinking. send boats take off passengers crew. sinking condition. imminent 
danger vessel sunk.


history and phenomenology of analog-digital

http://www.asondheim.org/ad-junct1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/ad-junct2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/ad-junct3.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/ad-junct4.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/ad-junct5.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/ad-junct6.jpg

reduced to uncommon denominators within equivalent raster

the arrows: dependency/associations/generalization
the interfaces: tag-shimmered <<interface>> unmediated
 or perhaps mediated
attentiveness to the dashed-line box and arrow 
 (imaginary, idiotic, uncanny)

thin-blade routers of the real
