
   
   Today

   Elliott, Ebenezer - Corn Law Rhymer: Birthday,
   Deathday Elyot, Thomas - Eminent English writer:
   Deathday; Emery, John - Comic actor: Deathday 
   Lucilio: Deathday; Vanloo, Charles Andrew - Historical painter:
   Deathday; Vansittart, Nicolas - Lord Bexley, English
   statesman: Birthday; Varney, 
   William - Poet and scholar: Birthday, Deathday; Jonson,
   Ben - Dramatist: Birthday, Biography &middot; On his
   testimony to the merit of Edward Alleyn founder 
   Publius Ovidius - Roman poet: Birthday, Deathday;
   Naudd, Gabriel - Littrateur: Necker, Jacques -
   French financial minister: Birthday, Deathday 
   Immanuel - Philosopher: Birthday, Deathday; Kaufmann,
   Maria Angelica - Portrait-painter: Deathday;
   Alan Sondheim - pioneer nerd: Birthday;
   Kay-Shuttleworth, James Phillips - Promoter of 
   Firmin - Genovese theological writer: Birthday,
   Deathday; Abbott, Charles - Eminent Antoinette,
   Marie - Queen of Louis XVI: Birthday, Deathday
   Faber, George Stanley - Theological writer: Birthday; Fabian,
   Robert - Chronicler: Deathday; Fabricius, John Albert -
   Scholar and editor: Birthday 
   King of England: Birthday, Deathday; Henry IV - King of
   England: Birthday, Deathday &middot; Prophecies of
   his death &middot; His overthrowing of Richard II 
   - Political writer: Deathday; Rameau, Jean-Philippe - Writer
   of operas: Birthday; Rampaine, Liveman: On St. Marks
   Eve superstition of seeing 
   Thomas Noon - Dramatist and lawyer: Birthday, Deathday
   Taylor, Brook - Algebraist: Birthday,
   Deathday; Taylor, Jeremy - Bishop, birthday deathday


induction

i hunker over bunkers going bonkers
the clunkers might have sunk her flowing sinkers
 listen i keep trying to write how safety comes to all people
 in a matter of time, but i'm not doing a good job of it
i can't remember any thing in this spring
but you might try a summer to thumb her
 listen i keep trying to spread the word and call you
 in a matter of time with airborne aerial breaking down
i tire of the wires lit my fires there are fliers
fucking mires there are children building pyres
 i'll have to hide out in my tiny safety bunker 
 do please answer come and take me hold me break me
for your sake i'll suck and make the shake
and code the fake and load and quake
 please read between the lines i seek your safety
 i can't rhyme can't spell can't write
see my pretty picture come wet my pretty picture
short the circuit of the heart and lick the key
your battery tongue your generator dynamo
your alternator your amplifier your induction
 http://www.asondheim.org/safety1.jpg
 http://www.asondheim.org/safety2.jpg


nude movie of many thinkings

madame bellmer meets adolf hitler organized by stan brakhage mise-en- 
scene melies composed au madame levi-strauss und engineered by bataille 
l'fi laure's instructions shel lacan mitachat-sous the aegis d'lingis, 
script by luce irigaray edited by monique wittig, kristeva auteur 
http://www.asondheim.org/nude.mov 1942 gam-cain known as 'film lentement'
coleur by 'techne'


   Google Makes The Best Poetry

   Someone should study me now, "Google hacks
   are fun. They screw up every single word I put in here, just about."
   They're good at sorting documents for relevance when it comes.
   This is to make the poem seem very simple - it has a nursery ...
   Most poetry isn't out to prove a point; rather, most good poetry
   attempts a Warning Poem - Good Judgment About Warning Poem.
   I give to you my favorite poem: "The More Loving
   fences make good neighbors." Courtney loaned me a book the
   other day: (And not just for poetry. All good things are "sticky" 
   on the web.) Once, in 1994, searching
   for common words made results less fun, however following these
   words 12 Chicago Vowel Movers made
   her a good writer. I hate a LOT of Dickinson's poetry,
   some good keywords. start searching. Make sure you do more
   than one search. Different searches will give you different sites.
   this opens the virtual door to ambiguity,
   love poetry web sites,
   very good, serious sites with beautiful love poetry, ranging
   from classic to - This makes me feel today is Valentine's Day!
   Probably not a very good idea in the first place combining Google
   Poem with cut-up.cgi - you've got Gysin smiling. Catch a Poet
   makes writing far more rewarding for me. They've convinced me that
   understanding
   and appreciating good poetry can't help but make all writers writers.
   These Old Poems: Rehabilitating The Worst In Poetry! A
   poem is one in which the form of the verse and the joining of its
   "Poetry is what in a poem makes you laugh, cry, prickle, be
   Oh no wait, make it "Osama butt pancake lube explosives yay!
   23" Brad Sucks - Google Suggests Poetry!
   Over at this article, the author says that you can actually make up
   poetry from using the Google Suggest feature. One of his examples are: 
   back in the saddle! It's 
   tremendously important that great poetry be written, it makes no jot of
   difference No good poetry is ever written in a manner twenty years
   old, 26 Eclectic Refrigerator: Jazz, Poetry, Politics, & Anything
   Googletry. A couple of other poets and myself have
   a pretty good burrito. Google would make money through the
   program, of course, but that alone does not prevent the company from
   all sides of the spectrum, you know. But he does make one very good
   statement: How to Write Bad Poetry - Plus, topics for
   persuasive writing 
   about limitless expressions, right? So in that sense, make your lines
   a great read, make your brain work on complex stuff, In essence
   it's not a very good idea in the first place to combine a Google
   artist, make something, a poem, a word, a painting. Anyone
   interested in learning to write good poetry should experiment
   with different forms, like haikus and sonnets, etc. But first - you
   Poets potentially
   make good marketers because we read poems and ads in almost identical
   ways! Good Morning Thinkers!
   Authors benefit when they are paid for their work, not when Google
   makes money. How to Read a Poem - a good poem is like reaching a 
   mountain summit -
   Here are a few steps you can take to make the climb a bit easier.
   Writing poetry is a skill, and people improve when they allow
   themselves to make
   mistakes and learn from them. A poet who writes a good poem every time
   will make canes, an old pine in a fine spot,
   Therefore, good erotic poetry - 
   Poor spelling aside, there are elements of a good poem there, an
   ocean - good poetry about wool fills me.
   We're happy if everyone realized, all at once, that hating most of
   the poetry you read doesn't mean you don't like poetry; it just means
   the current situation with poetry makes less sense.
   I was trying to work with good material from not so good poems and
   old poems and I didn't see anything good about death. 
   The struggle, the journey, that makes poetry live and stick in our
   craw - a couple of other poets and myself have suicide poems in them.
   (say though, he could have done better than google that last line.)

   PS I had to read this poem more than once to have it make sense.
   I have always had my own ideas on what makes a good poem. 

   PS PS I still feel a need to say that I have found lots of good 
   poetry in the name of all that is good and holy!

   (Hmmmmm. That will make a few people smile and my love weep.)


bomb a dear

they're coming to geneva
international flight
what can i say more i'm not allowed to speak
maybe for the dance but why fly so low
we're masturbating our lives away
big show in geneva

http://www.asondheim.org/wowie.mp4


genlauf

Most usually you do not write me, and for those of you who are unreading, 
those of you I do not know But you are on the same wires and in the same 
habitus nonetheless, otherwise separated since the beginning of communi- 
cation among us. Always the telephone appears the last resort, only a 
century and more old, but the grain of the voice, the guarantee of 
presence however distanced. From here in Geneva, international city of UNO 
and communications, Alabama room of the Geneva Convention, I wander from 
place to place, searching for connectivity fix, tenuous, fragile, precious 
in the sense of vector thrown into uncanny space. The unbelievably small 
space of the city, perhaps a kilometer or two, is sufficient for meander 
from sleeping space to rehearsal space, that most intense communication of 
bodies in largesse prescenced within one another, the room with the scent 
of movement, emotional tensors. Like you perhaps we held our breath, 
almost in tears, as the Chinese pair skated to second place after a fall 
that would be devastating to any dancer, and is always present, the 
potential for a living career ended in one inadvertency. I search for your 
presence among the bodies here, the lived wires, the plugs peculiar to 
Switzerland for the most part, the coursing of electrical current, Romania 
and Croatia and Bulgaria loud on the short-wave. The waters from the Jet 
d'Eau course through our veins as we imagine skate-boarding perhaps 130 
meters up in a swirl of water that would break a finger faster than a 
match-stick, close down the throat, explode the body across the lake. As 
far as we can tell, no one has done this, although all our lives we're 
picking up the pieces.

http://www.asondheim.org/genlauf.mp4


of and in the world


penitential dance resonant with atmospheric internal phenomena generated 
by foofwa d'imobilite in relation to the resident genius or daemon of 
socrates -


http://www.asondheim.org/wirefoof.mp4


"flyaway"
on the way out of geneva, of course we left from the airport, and we had 
to wait awhile.i noticed that there was a kind of screen or grid between 
the glass and the planes, on the inside of the glass, and it made an 
interestin pattern. i thought it would be neat to make a movie with the 
pattern because it was moir.so i tried it with the camera and moved it 
back and forth to create the efect. it works better if you see it large 
but here you can get the idea and save on time so i put it up and hope you 
enjoy it.the airlane looks like an old crochetof something, its a neat 
effect.i may enter it http://www.asondheim.org/flyaway.mp4



tous of fathers

-

my father sits at home alone
against the dying light
he turns into stone

-

malgre

tu ou vous
tu ou vous
par-les lais deux
by the songs too
di'to moi true
tel' me vrai
marie les lais
you of france
tous la danse
you or nu
vous ou tu
vous ou tu

http://www.asondheim.org/tunupere.jpg


From Art. 14., "The Monthly Review for August, 1759" 


John Yeomans' _The Abecedarian, or Philofophic Comment upon the Englifh 
Alphabet. Setting forth the Abfurdities in the prefent Cuftom of Spelling, 
the Superfluity of Letters in Words, and the great Confusion that their 
ill Names, and double Meanings are of to all Learnings. With modeft 
Propofals for a Reformation of the Alphabet, adapting fpecial Characters 
for that Purpofe, at being the only Means practicable whereby to render 
the fame distinft, uniform, and univerfal. Alfo, a Word to the Reader, 
fhewing the Indignity of Ill Habits in Lecturers pointing out to them the 
Beauties and Excellency of graceful and fine Reading. Likewife a 
Syllableium, or Univerfal Reading Table, for Beginners, calculated after 
the prefent Ufe for the Way of all Schools throughout the kingdom. 
Together with a Difcourfe on the Word, or A-Tau, tetragrammatical, 
preceding thofe Tables._

[...]

"Words are not, as some gross ears interpret, only a grinding or chafeing 
of found of types and letters, ftriking the outer ear by the operation of 
the breat or fpirit; but they are very man or mono, principle, and very 
felf, everlafting, of infinite, dread-united meaning, the exprefs 
difpofition of his nature in the heart, and not in the inked or graven 
fign. They are fpirit, and they are life; they are death, and they are 
deftruction; and their types are purely banners to avocate and fummon the 
mind back to itfelf, when ftolen or ftrayed away, and to regulate the 
fenfes in wifdom, truth, and holinefs. The word is very God and very 
Devil, good and evil, virtue and vice; and letters are as fhadows to 
reflect the life. Herewith blefs we God, and therewith curfe we men, who 
are formed after the fimilitude of God. _In the beginning was the word, 
and the word was with God, and the word was God,_ &c. We have only ufe for 
letters now to help and comfort us in this mortal ftate; for in the 
immortal, every good man fhall be able to will at will, felf-quicken, 
felf-move, and alfo felf-comfort; always pure, always in order; at once 
hearing the most pleasant and fweetest love-chord harmony; tafting without 
fufeit ambrofia, and the all that is good, and delicious. Sufceptible of 
inbred divinity! fmelling the moft fenfible perfumes; knowing all things, 
intuitive of all things, and all in all with God himfelf. The plain 
fignification of _word, verd,_ or _green,_ or _verb,_ is perennial or 
durablenefs; being of _virtue_ or _worth-ue,_ or _werthe,_ of the family 
of _vir's_ and _viri's,_ man's name or the NAM; and nothing but what is 
virgin virtuous can be manly, or is worthy of that venerable and divine 
appellation; but differently, is vicious, unnatural, unworthy, ungodly. 
None, for this caufe, fhould open their lips unwordily; forafmuch as the 
very word itfelf is _werthy_ or _werde._ And the holy fcripture faith 
exactly to this effect: _Let all who name the name of Chrift depart from 
iniquity._ Neverthelefs, fhould there be no found heard at all from the 
lips, or corporeal tongue, or man's own felf be apprehenfive by letters, 
yet in fecret whifperings the heart pronounces, and the will and fpirit do 
utter within, amazing languages."

Amazing languages, indeed! What a will or fpirit that muft be which 
dictated fuch to our author!

The reader will, doubtlefs, by this time, think we have difplayed very 
fufpicious marks of our author's being _non compos_; and therefore very 
incapable to draw up the beft plan, that _ever was, or ever can be 
projected,_ for the improvement and eftablifhment of the Englifh language. 
According to his own requeft, therefore, and on his own terms, we confign 
_him, and his proposals, to be cancelled, and his name and honour to be 
buried in the duft._



epstein why not

http://www.asondheim.org/epsteinwhynot.mov

eh, hmmm up and so like that, whatever, yeah, why not, oh, mere j'ami je

which i love, i don't know why, professionals, have to have all those 
buttons, eh, un



Why, *sob*, Why?


From: "[GB2312] 
Subject: [GB2312] 
2006x
2006x
2006 = 8072216216
