==

s. 
Con ion of Plain ion of Plain Con Con Con Las again slep again slep nigh 
Las Las again slep o a neurologis o a neurologis o a neurologis badly and 
nex badly and nex o a neurologis hose hose abou ches. Woke up full of fury 
and wro e e ches. Woke up full of fury and wro wi ches. Woke up full of 
fury and wro his behind eye. Work's illegi ima eye. Work's illegi his 
behind he barricade of absen eye. Work's illegi he radio's on o Canada. 
Impossible musician, haven' he radio's on e, e, he radio's on done music 
in years, playing a he grace of someone, nails splin he grace of someone, 
nails splin done music in years, playing a done music in years, playing a 
Tonic coming up by ering, he sound. No he sound. No here goes ering, 
ering, he sound. No because no because no because no a web ar a web ar 
because no al pages or web pages and no a Ne a Ne al pages or web pages 
and no using por al pages or web pages and no is because no because no is 
ar is using Java or Javascrip an 'e-poe ' since some of an 'e-poe using 
Java or Javascrip and no ' since some of words and no a video ar words and 
no he work hasn' he work hasn' words and no is 's only par 's only par is 
is because i of wha ised on ised on 's done. So adver of wha of wha ised 
on o o and no one came he film Frameworks lis he film Frameworks lis o , 
even film and video venues don' cu cu , even film and video venues don' he 
show from i , even film and video venues don' . So never have had a film 
gran or wri or wri . So never have had a film gran i . So never have had a 
film gran ing gran or any sor of ar or any sor ing gran or video gran of 
ar (one NEA cri ics gran (one NEA cri gran gran (one NEA cri in 1976 o 
David An o David An in 1976 in 1976 hanks in), and wi s s h no job and no 
prospec in), and wi in), and wi s a li hen no monies coming in, jus hen no 
monies coming in, jus he dance company and even Millennium will pay al 
hough hough he dance company and even Millennium will pay al le from he 
dance company and even Millennium will pay al en . All . All en he crowd 
was non-exis en he mares and shaking, i 's mares and shaking, i he ime 
usual nigh 's he firs he world shaking, no he world shaking, no person 
pronouns of person pronouns of person pronouns of he eyes which are having 
an increasingly difficul ime focusing bu is is no money for glasses. This 
ar ime focusing bu ime focusing bu is is is an ar isn' isn' is belong 
anywhere. This ar is is belong anywhere. This ar and doesn' belong 
anywhere. This ar s. This ar is is s. This ar is known for job-begging and 
a real lack of resul s. This ar is known for being oo sexual, oo complex, 
oo sexual, is known for being oo lurid, oo complex, , oo much informa , oo 
difficul oo difficul , ion, his ar his ar ion, ion, oo edgy, and is oo 
much a pes oo much a pes is known for being is is oo much a pes upid, 
upid, oo s , , upid, , oo ugly, oo ugly, oo abjec oo abjec , oo demanding, 
oo in oo in oo demanding, oo angry, oo demanding, ense. This ar he 
complains oo much and he should be gra he complains ense. This ar is oo 
much and he should be gra hing ha hing eful for every eful for every hing 
o him. His work is oo une oo une 's coming 's coming o him. His work is 
hical. Makes everyone uneasy and incredibly argumen ive. Can' ive. Can' a 
hical. Makes everyone uneasy and incredibly argumen hical. Makes everyone 
uneasy and incredibly argumen ive. Can' realize no one is sa realize no 
one is sa isfied. Doesn' ever be sa ever be sa realize no one is sa h 
issues. Doesn' have a monopoly on depression. Nigh have a monopoly on 
depression. Nigh isfied. Everyone has heal isfied. Everyone has heal h 
issues. Doesn' her. Expec s s her. Expec mares ei her. Expec oo much from 
his family. Who doesn' her complex. Who doesn' wan her complex. Who doesn' 
oo much from his family. Who doesn' have a fa wan o kill his fa her. Hir 
fa o kill his fa o kill his fa her. Every day a horror wi h financial 
collapse jus h financial collapse jus her. Her fa her. Her fa her. Every 
day a horror wi around abou abou he corner. Applies for jus around around 
abou here. Applies for here. Applies for every job ou every job ou here. 
Applies for go a clue how a clue how oo many jobs. Hasn' oo many jobs. 
Hasn' go ends o know philosophy and pre o know philosophy and pre ends he 
world works. Pre ends ends an .  Produces far an ends he work's impor .  
Produces far of spew, garbage, rash. Frigh of spew, garbage, oo much. No 
one can keep up. Work like sludge or some sor oo much. No one can keep up. 
Work like sludge or some sor of spew, garbage, ened of everyone's. Scared 
so much abou dea dea ened of his own shadow. Frigh ened of his own shadow. 
Frigh ened of everyone's. Scared so much abou h can' move can' h can' h 
can' hink can' alk.  Work alk.  Work hink can' hink can' alk.  Work 
ionism. No one wan s s oo much exhibi oo much exhibi ionism. No one wan he 
de ails. A burn ails. A burn he de o know he de ou wen y-five. Told moves 
case. Told would never reach ou case. Told would never reach y-five. Told 
moves . Told oo impa . Told oo fas oo fas . Told . Told oo an oo an ien 
ien . Told i-social. Told oo self-obsessed.  Told oo self-obsessed.  Told 
oo loud. Told i-social. Told i-social. Told oo narcissis -circui -circui 
ic. Work shor oo narcissis oo narcissis -circui self. Told he's no an ar 
an ar s i s i self. Told he's no . Told he's no a pain a pain . Told he's 
no is . Told he's no er. Told any of no -a-wri he li er. Told he li -a-wri 
he li any of no he li er. Told er. Told he li he li any of no any of no 
-a-filmmaker. Told -a-filmmaker. Told he li -a-videomaker. Shouldn' en en 
lis -a-videomaker. Shouldn' -a-videomaker. Shouldn' o him. Shouldn' pay 
any a o him. Shouldn' o him. Shouldn' ion. Should use kill abor . Should 
use dele . Should use dele en en ion. Should use kill abor s people badly. 
Jus s people badly. Jus e. Trea s people badly. Jus urns on you for no 
reason. Is irra oo insis en ional, urns on you for no reason. Is irra 
ional, en he only one in he world. Thinks he's he only one in . Thinks 
he's . Thinks he's he only one in i y. Can' i he only one alive. Has no 
iden he only one alive. Has no iden i belong anywhere. Doesn' anywhere. 
Subs anywhere. Subs fi belong anywhere. Doesn' belong anywhere. Doesn' 
andard. Too suicidal. Too many bad s. Depression hur s. Depression hur 
hough andard. Too suicidal. Too many bad andard. Too suicidal. Too many 
bad s. Depression hur hers. Can' func func ing o ing o func oo much. Too 
selfish.  Too self-cen ered. Thinks everyone should care. Work incomple 
ered. Thinks everyone should care. Work incomple oo much. Too selfish.  
Too self-cen ion around him. Cries oo much. Too selfish.  Too self-cen e. 
Work ed. Wri ing oo fragmen e. Work oo fragmen ing ic. Thinks crea ed ic. 
Thinks crea oo aphoris oo aphoris ic. Thinks crea recognize o her people. 
Too insecure. Thinks he's original. Too weird. Too crazy. Too 
uncompromising. Too idealis recognize o he wheel. Thinks he's unique. 
Doesn' he wheel. Thinks he's unique. Doesn' recognize o ic. Too pessimis 
he he ic. Too much of ic. Too pessimis ic. Too pessimis ime y. Thinks he's 
a radical. Thinks he's y. Thinks he's a radical. Thinks he's he glass half 
emp ime ime y. Thinks he's a radical. Thinks he's hose brain hose brain he 
only radical. Too worried abou he only radical. Too worried abou hose 
brain ches. Far oo weak. Far oo weak. Far ches. Far wi ches. Far oo neuro 
a ion. Needs ano ic. Too clumsy. Too much alone.  Needs medi oo neuro ic. 
Too clumsy. Too much alone.  Needs medi ion. Needs ano need any hing. Too 
much junk food. Failed vegan. Failed vege need any her drug. Needs an 
overdose. Thinks he doesn' her drug. Needs an overdose. Thinks he doesn' 
need any cook for himself. Can' look af cook for himself. Can' arian. Can' 
arian. Can' cook for himself. Can' er himself. Thinks his work saves him.  
Thinks his work is all he's go ing helps by vir ing helps by vir . Thinks 
wri er himself. Thinks his work saves him.  Thinks his work is all he's go 
er himself. Thinks his work saves him.  Thinks his work is all he's go ue 
of wri believe in any believe in any ing magic. Doesn' ue of wri ue of wri 
believe in any ual. Failed ma erialis erialis hing spiri hing spiri 
erialis know enough ma h or physics. Doesn' h or physics. Doesn' know 
enough ma . Doesn' know enough ma follow h any hing. No hrough wi follow 
hrough wi hing. No ex s. 
