 > inside of muscle memory of dancer mind/body 
of what is recalled from past choreography or so it was explained to me. 
this was a particular move (left) that could only be repeated once while 
on the right (right) is the dictionary order of nude descending a 
staircase divided in the midst of itself . ultimately, of course, the 
dancer is completely alone on the stage pronouncements, but on what? 
imperfectly, we are fastened to the world by the stage, by the appearance 
of the stage. recently it has come to our intention that we are living the 
shadow of the cave of course you've heard this all befrore (that little 
boys love women). (that lkittle boys are scared of women) that little boys 
need to be probed. that the probe is based on the simultaneity of 
repetitoin. at this point sondheim was 'in the midst of ' a system of 
imags almost always out of his control, dancers he worked with with their 
own agenda, past memories both problematic and inaccessible, 
pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, we are fastened to the world, 
the world tethered by such pronouncements, on the surface of the world, 
not hardly but in reality on the surface of the fastner itself. did i tell 
you this story? about the fantasms of henri rousseau, were genevan or 
francais, in the midst of the grutli rehearsal space, simultaneous 
confession and exact resistance of logic? perhaps you have heard something 
of the island where the birds were raised?
when the phone rings you can look at the voice. 
this is true. i haven't heard from her since. 
pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, we are fastened to the world.
this is true. the president is in the plane.
(think: geneva international)
FILMED IN PAL!
thank god that's over with. i said ok that's over with. 
the floor of the grutli is a deleuze-guattarian nomadic surface of the war 
machine becoming-woman. (it's theory, so it's ok if it's boring, 
apologies, I'm sorry). well the idea of this is that the president can't 
get into the big meeting because he can't clear security so he's stuck 
there with the rest of the iraqis.
"when the war machine meets the security clearance of the radiation-ether 
molecular transformation of the GOD=DOG it's impossible to predict the end 
of narrative, much less the end of narratology" -= John - Jacks - 
Rousseau.
"alan and azure at home while he (alan) was working on this precise video 
and performance (material)" - sartre. the bodies twisted _among 
themselves_ not among others, i.e. responsible for the central content of 
the image, Courbet's >entrance and exits from the world in the midst of 
the family drama/<