
wode

ianti-un-frm..-frm willanti-un-frm..-frm 
killanti-un-frm..-frm allanti-un-frm..-frm 
fascistsanti-un-frm..-frm inanti-un-frm..-frm 
thisanti-un-frm..-frm countryanti-un-frm..-frm 
beforeanti-un-frm..-frm theanti-un-frm..-frm 
destructionanti-un-frm..-frm 
ofanti-un-frm..-frm worlded. anti-un-frm..-frm 
ianti-un-frm..-frm willanti-un-frm..-frm 
wieldanti-un-frm..-frm swordsanti-un-frm..-frm 
andanti-un-frm..-frm knives,anti-un-frm..-frm 
ianti-un-frm..-frm willanti-un-frm..-frm 
searanti-un-frm..-frm themanti-un-frm..-frm 
withanti-un-frm..-frm hurtledanti-un-frm..-frm 
gravesanti-un-frm..-frm readyanti-un-frm..-frm 
foranti-un-frm..-frm theiranti-un-frm..-frm 
insipidanti-un-frm..-frm presenced. 
anti-un-frm..-frm lookanti-un-frm..-frm 
downanti-un-frm..-frm uponanti-un-frm..-frm 
myanti-un-frm..-frm enemiesanti-un-frm..-frm 
allanti-un-frm..-frm youanti-un-frm..-frm 
whoanti-un-frm..-frm prepareanti-un-frm..-frm 
foranti-un-frm..-frm waed. anti-un-frm..-frm 
ianti-un-frm..-frm willanti-un-frm..-frm 
showanti-un-frm..-frm theanti-un-frm..-frm 
mercyanti-un-frm..-frm youanti-un-frm..-frm 
haveanti-un-frm..-frm showed. 
anti-un-frm..-frm ianti-un-frm..-frm 
willanti-un-frm..-frm createanti-un-frm..-frm 
andanti-un-frm..-frm destroed. 
anti-un-frm..-frm ianti-un-frm..-frm 
willanti-un-frm..-frm 
devastateanti-un-frm..-frm 
andanti-un-frm..-frm preserved. 
anti-un-frm..-frm heavenanti-un-frm..-frm 
andanti-un-frm..-frm earthanti-un-frm..-frm 
shallanti-un-frm..-frm beanti-un-frm..-frm 
myanti-un-frm..-frm benefactored.




for dk

i knew a girl once who loved me at fifteen and went crazy
i knew a girl once who fucked me and died far too young
i knew a girl once who should have known better threatening to kill me
i knew a girl once who said to me just no more pictures alan
just no more videos no more sounds close your mouth your eyes your ears
close everything about you and no more animations please please and no
and no more photographs no more memories no nothing no nothing 
just a girl you didn't know once
just a girl you forgot with these words
you never knew anything you  were never loved or fucked or threatened
and no one ever spoke to you no one ever will



Dance in the light of Badiou's event


A night-dictation event.

Dance events in the sense of being unprecedented, unaccountable, un- 
called-for. Its arrival is then allied in this sense to the digital, its 
appearance, its evanescence, simultaneously that of the analogic, its 
carrying out, its production within the body as the analogic. Just as the 
dance is simultaneously analogic, incapable of reproduction, incapable of 
recuperation (of the reproduction of the real). Just as the dance is that, 
it is also of the digital, in the sense of the body pressed against a 
second body, or the body pressed against the pull of gravity as an other 
body, or an other body, the dance is a dialectic between the two of them, 
but reduced or scraped in a sense by these two barriers which remain on 
the literal scale, irrepressible, so that a dance exists _there,_ within 
_that_ - simultaneous lewdness and de/production. Cohen's set theory of 
the continuum hypothesis accompanies this, 1 in the choice of hypothesis - 
any way decided - a decision somewhere being made - neither true nor false 
- can't be reproduced to that - but on the other hand a digital situation, 
choice or no choice - all of this is in relation with the Schroedinger cat 
paradox - in the sense of a collapse to a choice - although re: the cat, 
the choice is simply by virtue of the collapse - in dance the choice is by 
virtue of the choice - nonetheless a kind of forcing into one or another 
position - in a sense you can say with the continuum hypothesis - the 
continuum is produced as an alterity, an other order of things - or 
absorbed within the former order - within one or another order - in one 
case it produces itself as a horizon and in another case it is literally 
itself part of a spectrum of possibilities - perhaps in both cases part of 
a spectrum of possibilities. So we relate this to the dance - consider set 
theory in this sense as a allegiance to dance or dance as an allegiance to 
set theory.

In its inertness, in its inertness, the dance remains sexualized. In this 
I disagree presumably with Badiou - it is always already sexualized - the 
body that is dancing is not the neutral body of Cunningham, but is a 
sexual body from which Cunningham creates a state of lassitude or with- 
drawal, decathexis - an almost=neurasthenic state of neutrality which only 
exists in relation to the sexuality of the body within the dance, within 
the Cunningham-dance. Furthermore the sexed body may not be a divisive 
body, that is it need not be that which is binary or divided to one and an 
other, by calling it polymorphic, not polymorphic-perverse but polymorph- 
ic-heterological, a whole spectrum of sexualizations, desires, always 
already plurality, which may not be specified according to one or another 
anatomical distress, one or another positioning of the anatomical.

Initially one might say that dance is the interiority of the metaphysical, 
and if we pursue this, we can speak of dance as an interiority - of which 
the audience is only a (secondary) residue (just as the style of the dance 
is a secondary narcissistic panoply) - the audience is already an institu- 
tionalization, already a production by capital, by the organization of 
labor. The dance however is something else - the injury of the dancer - 
the injured dancer - guarantees that something else that dance is.

One might consider the dance as a projection or reproduction within the 
audience. Thus for example if one plays guitar there is a sort of mimesis 
within, listening to another play. So the body of the dancer is within the 
body of the audience because both of them are involved in movement which 
only becomes itself. There is also the issue of accomplishment. In 
watching the dance, one is always watching accomplishment, that is, a 
certain level, regime, of preparation is necessary for any sort of 
production - that the regime or preparation for the external audience is 
one that always emphasizes an external perfection. In other words the 
limbs continuously arranged and rearranged in such-and-such a way 
according to the exigencies of the dancer generally in dialectic with the 
choreography. However even in situations like these, one might say that 
dance succeeds only by virtue of the interiority of the dancing, only by 
virtue of desire, desire bifurcated into sexuality, desire to produce, to 
perform, to twist the body in such a way, or desire which becomes muted, 
mitigated, by a kind of meditation in which the body even for the dancer 
becomes something else which is the dancer, and which transports him or 
her, accordingly.

What is irritating, elsewhere, to critique, is the muteness of the dance 
in relation to all of this which gets back to all of this, to the 
beginning, to the inconceivabiity of recuperation, reproduction, for dance 
is mute, stet, shtut, nonsense, in a sense, as if that's all, as if 
nothing more. The most primary of arts, the body itself within the body, 
and the most secondary of arts, that it is dependent upon the body, that 
it exists in such-and-such a form only as long as such-and-such a body 
exists, the body of that particular dancer in relationship to that partic- 
ular choreography, that particular moment in time.

So not only injury inhabits dance, but death as well, the two inextricably 
intertwined, one without the other is unthinkable, and both within the 
dance remain unthought.



The Absolute Choreography of the Dance of the Dead


[The recording that plays forever is immobilized, inert, in-subject. The 
recording that plays one/One forever.]

The body of the dancer lies supine, breathless.
The body of the dancer slipped past consciousness, immobile.
Forever, the body of the dancer, stasis of the body. 
Slow irrevocable disappearance of the softer organs of the body.
The pose in situ.

Perfect, recuperable choreography. 
For every death of the softer death of the buried body. 
An unalterable choreography: an uttered choreography.
For only the choreography of the dead is utterable.

And there is no other of the other of the choreography of the dead.
And there is no other choreography of the dead.


Review of some recent books and a couple of things, mostly liked -


Interagir, Avec les technologies numeriques, Nouvelles de Danse, 2004. 
This is a Belgian journal special issue devoted to dance and technology; 
there are articles by Johannes Birringer, La Danse et la perception 
interactives), Sandrine Chiri (Panorama des capteurs - which I've found 
highly useful in thinking through activated dancers/environments), 
Patricia Kuypers and Florence Corin (Entretien autour d'Isadora, avec Mark 
Coniglio et Dawn Stoppiello), etc. There is an accompanying DVD with trial 
software (including Isadora), and video/photography of some of the dance- 
work. Isadora alone makes it worthwhile, although the whole issue is 
excellent and important if one is working with the intersection of dance 
and multimedia.

Handbook of Inaesthetics, Alain Badiou, Stanford, 2005. I've been reading 
'into' Badiou, at first because of his intersection of mathematics, math- 
esis, ontology, and philosophy, but this book is a good accompaniment to 
the Interagir above; there are useful articles on dance, cinema, and 
theater, among other things. At first I resisted his list of six 
'principles of dance,' but then I found them useful, precisely through 
this resistance, in working out my own position. There are articles on 
art, poetry, Mallarme, etc., an excellent volume.

Mind Performance Hacks, Tips and Tools for Overclocking Your Brain, Ron 
Hale-Evans, O'Reilly, 2006. This reads as an fascinating sequel to Mind 
Hacks, with stress on practicality - mnemonics or mental arithmetic for 
example. There are strange hacks such as 'Predict the Length of a Life- 
Time' and 'Turn your Hands into an Abacus.' I don't feel I have the 
stamina to carry out any of these on a regular basis, but then I don't 
have the stamina for meditation either. On the other hand, the book makes 
for fascinating reading, and the presentation of mind, as in Mind Hacks, 
seems to be opening some new territory of thinking between cog. sci. and 
phenomenology that is definitely worth following. I recommend both these 
books highly (if you belong to Safari and/or have the money). Now I have 
to 'Stop my Memory-Buffer Overrun' (hack 56) and move on.

Running Linux, Fifth Edition, Matthias Kalle Dalheimer and Matt Welsh, 5th 
Edition, O'Reilly, 2006, now around 970 pages long. I remember the first 
book from O'Reilly w/RedHat 2+ or some such years ago; it was maybe 70 
pages in length (max). Now linux is full-blown, the articles in Linux 
Journal are more technical, less hack, aimed to some extent at Windows 
users and the enterprise. Linux is absolutely wonderful; I gather that 
Fries, the large L.A. computer store, is now selling desktop computers 
with Lindows for under $200. And linux is becoming increasingly multi- 
media as well; it's an exciting time - think of linux as a kind of green 
OS or software - it runs on just about anything, and runs well. Anyway, 
Running Linux is the one essential book, I think; it covers just about 
everything, from the usual chapters on programming and text processing, 
to chapters on multimedia, office suites, productivity, etc. The nice 
thing about the book is that it seems to work on every level - a beginner
can use it, as well as someone extremely familiar with linux. The book is 
expensive - now up to $49.95 USD, but you probably won't need anything 
else.

The Official Blender 2.3 Guide, Free 3D Creation Suite for Modeling, 
Animation, and Rendering, Ton Roosendall, Stefano Selleri, et. al., No 
Starch Press. The Blender guides have also grown in size - this is now 768 
pages in size, and as expensive as Running Linux. Blender is amazing - an 
incredibly small 3D modeling system that, again, runs on just about any- 
thing, from Mac (OS X and higher) through Linux and Windows. This book 
doesn't cover game creation, but everything else; there are very lengthy 
sections on the interface (absolutely necessary), mesh modeling, Python 
(Blender runs on Python and you can use programming directly if you want), 
radiosity, character animation, and more. I use Blender a lot; spectacular 
effects can be created in an hour or so, and you can use both still image 
and video for texture-mapping - the latter lends itself to a total fluid 
projective environment. If you want to use Blender, I'd suggest you down- 
load it (it's free), and experiment; read whatever information is 
available on the site and chats. You may well end up with the book, but at 
least you'll have a good idea of the system at first.

Degunking your Home, Joli Ballew, Paraglyph, 2006. I asked to review this 
book, and Azure and I have been reading it. I can't find anything, my 
bureau drawers are a mess (I guess they're bureau drawers, in a second- 
hand thingy that came with the place), I keep finding batteries everywhere 
(which have to be repeatedly checked), etc. etc. This is a practical and 
relatively cheap ($19.99) book to help you organize your home. It's good. 
We're starting to put things in place. Most of the Degunking series is 
good. I've misplaced the others. I might have given one of them to Tom or 
Leslie! The book is divided into chapters such as 'Throwing Stuff Away You 
Don't Really Need,' 'Organizing Living Areas,' and 'Prepare Yourself for 
Cleaning Emergencies.' It opens with 'The Degunking 12-Step Program,' and 
'Degunking with Time Limitations' which is quite useful. On one hand I 
can't believe I'm actually reviewing this book; on the other, I need it. 
And I have to get back to 'Walk the dog' although I don't seem to have one 
- maybe it's buried in a closet.

Wanted: Used alphorn or Tibetan trumpet. Will be put to serious good use.

Celine, A Biography, Patrick McCarthy, Viking, 1975. In my ignorance, I 
never read a bio of Celine; I've read a number of his books of course. 
Being a 'cultural Jew,' whatever, I've felt at a loss in relation to his 
anti-semitism; on the other hand, his journeying speaks to the nomadic, 
and his landscape, like Ballard's, now seems more of the future than the 
past. You might want to find a copy of this bio; it's excellent, illumin- 
ating, and combines narrative with exegesis - material on the first forty 
years of his life, before writing became manifest as writing, and material 
on all the novels, etc., including those late ones, hard to find in 
English, but for me the most moving. 

DV Filmmaking, From Start to Finish, O'Reilly, Ian David Aronson, 2005. Of 
all the O'Reilly digital video books, this is by far the most useful, both 
for learning on one's own, and classroom use. I've often taught video; if 
I ever do so again, this will be my textbook of choice. Illustrations are 
clear and in color, and topics include relevant issues such as shooting
for compression, streaming work on the internet, release prints, sales, 
and composite images - this last is worth the price of the book ($39.95). 
The book includes a DVD with examples for practice, completed work, 
project files, etc. The book is definitely Mac/Final Cut Pro oriented (a 
drag for me, since I use PCs and Premiere), but there is enough informa- 
tion to go around, no matter what system you use.

Sony ICF-6700W shortwave reciever. This is a large model that I found 
second-hand in Geneva for $35. In 1978-80 or thereabouts it was the top of 
the line Sony. It's analog - almost all but the cheapest shortwave radios 
are digital today. Analog tends to sound a lot better; you can tune more 
exactly (although of course the readout is sloppy), and there's no digital 
processing of the sound. Just about every digital shortwave I've owned has 
a lot of hiss between steps. In any case, you can often find these for 
very little online, and they make _listening_ an incredible experience. 
One other note - the radio has a built-in antenna tuner which works 
perfectly and brings in distant stations, even with just the vertical 
antenna.

Whistlers and Related Ionospheric Phenomena, Robert A. Helliwell, Dover, 
2006, original 1965. I'm not sure I've mentioned this before, but this is 
a new and relatively inexpensive ($24.95) of a rare but standard work on 
VLF phenomena - it's absolutely essential for understanding this part of 
the spectrum, and is highly recommended. 

Alpine or concert or guitar zither. I rarely review musical instruments, 
but I've been playing and recording with the alpine zither recently - I 
found one in Geneva for $28 USD. There are always a number on e-bay. The 
alpine zither has around 27 drone strings, as well as a fingerboard with 
five additional strings on the edge facing the player. It's not a fast 
instrument, but is remarkably supple - in some ways it reminds me of the 
ch'in (q'in) with its unbelievably wide tonal range. I'm mentioning it 
here because if you play any other stringed instrument, and are interested
in experimental music/sound, this is a tremendous resource. I recently 
found a second one on e-bay from 1855, which I'm in the process of restor- 
ing. The strings are very expensive, but one can improvise, just as one 
can improvise with tunings.

Being and Event, Alain Badiou, Continuum, 2005. I'm reading this and going 
a bit crazy with it. The book is organized into a number of 'Meditations' 
which are often mathematically-oriented; the scheme is to work through set 
theory (which may be the easiest part of the whole). I'd love to see a 
group reading of the work; I find myself lost in scholastic distinctions 
which seem remote from everyday life and concerns (Metapolitics is better 
on this); any help would be greatly appreciated. His shorter works (In- 
aesthetics above, Metapolitics, and Manifesto for Philosophy) seem more 
useful, and guides to some extent, but Being and Event keeps gnawing...

Household Words, Stephanie A. Smith, Minnesota, 2006. The words are 
'bloomers,' 'sucker,' 'bombshell,' 'scab,' 'nigger,' 'cyber.' I haven't 
read this book in full, but I did want to mention it. The words are 
subject to socio-cultural analyses, with detours (Whitman through 
'nigger,' Melville through Derrida, for examples). The book explores the 
ramifications of language which we assume is already sutured, covered; it 
uncovers, not necessarily their linguistic or otherwise history, but the 
knots, aporia, common sense, boundaries, which surround them. It's a book 
to pay careful attention to as universals dissolve and multiculturalism 
itself detours through any number of fields.

Just finished Jonatham Lethem's Fortress of Solitude, which I also rec- 
comment, particularly since it's set on Dean Street, the area of Dean 
Street where I live. It's unusual to find five pages of a best-selling 
novel dedicated to a description of our local hardware store. While that's 
hardly the main draw (or any draw) of the novel, it does set up an odd 
mirroring operation, looking at things, seeing them just slightly askew. 
Another example - the white facial shields of the coots in Geneva are 
slightly more angular than their North American counterparts. There is 
something uncanny about subspecies, and fictional worlds are subspecies as 
well.

Finally, brief mentions of two books on language that I've been slowly 
stumbling through - Grammaire Tahitienne, Mai-Arii and J. Anisson du 
Perron, Stepolde, 1976; and Nouveau dictionnaire encyclopedique des 
sciences du langage, Seuil, 1995. The first is fascinating; Tahitian is 
one of a number of Polynesian languages (which also include Hawaiian, and 
I've been looking at Hawaiian grammars as well); their verb conjugations 
and number systems are amazing. I often look at grammars to extend my 
rather limited idea of what language _is,_ how thought is organized and 
recuperated/produced. Tahitian is particularly exciting - static auxil- 
iaries do everything, as if action were framed by the positioning of 
temporality. Hawaiian is similar. The Nouveau dictionnaire on the other 
hand is truly encyclopedia; it follows on the heels of an earlier book 
(i.e. without the 'Nouveau') edited by Ducrot and Todorov. So much is here 
- enunciation, oral literature, geo-, socio-, and psycho-linguistics, 
signs, syntagms, etc., but not so much cog. sci. or programming languages 
or scripts. Certainly if linguistics is fun (and what parole isn't?), this 
book is great for dipping into.




as god is my witness i am invisible

vanquished every second from the presence of sight
evanescent site and languorous possession
god is my witness and god will lean back
god's breath is visible through eyes shut tight
at the center of every lotus my empty hands
my bony hands my hands of many bones

my hands are insatiable my hands drink the sound of the world
they strangle young peddlers and seize their bread and water
these words write themselves in the sound of an unknown language
the steep road passes through jungles of iridescent flowers
my palms press my eyes my eyes press my palms
unseeing unlooking unsounding the presence of hearing
the presence in the sight of god of an always dying man


dervish


"Why is there a history of dance, a history of the exactitude of vertigo? 
Because _the_ truth does not exist. If _the_ truth existed, there would be 
a definitive ecstatic dance, a mystical incantation of the event. Doubt- 
less this is the conviction of the whirling dervish. But what there are 
instead are disparate truths, an aleatory multiple of events of thought."
- Badiou

I hesitate to take on the order of the dervish without due preparation. 
However, the detuning of the detuning of truth always exerts itself 
through wrist and hand. My meditation is preposterous, at most a few 
seconds of inanimate energy. Nonetheless, I will trance you, tranc/itive 
among skewed consciousness. Thoughtful, in the midst of form formation 
form. 

one slides out from one beneath, slides out from beneath-one. one takes 
to one the possibility of the sound, evanescent signifier, markov 
unchained. always already liminal, music is.

http://www.asondheim.org/dervish1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/dervish3.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/dervish2.mp3

- to be listened to in 1/3/2 order -


the child of languor 

i will go the child of languor, route rouge no return, royaume, 
ray dark, into none and emergent, perhaps you 
glance, just slightest, nothing remain, visible, not 
know ending that word, phrase, possibility word 
made whole, want so much to hear you, see again, our live fills 
me every day, appears like miracle, bright ring around bone, fecund stars 
fleeing onslaught winter, spring
itself, always eternal spring, prolongation, :the courses 
through body, th skins are words which break, wounded, tied 
with prosthetic shards, glass, galena cryalline, magnetite. speak simply 
slowly understand. wound breaks skin, routine. 'i'm coming for sister,' a 
gradient inconceivable potential. narrower point, higher voltage, 
breakdown fractured air. what we about on last day alive, when sun time, 
look your eyes, remember dawns sunsets endless night, how then:dual 
projection open maw presentation. orifice dissolved orifice. 'you 
routine.' at this point thought repetition only
Pope's paradigm Homer's shield or least bad cyberpunk. I 
NEVER MET A WIRE IN MY LIFE. GLASSES ARE CYBORG. before there was 
vision, were reflections, glimpses something, in water, ice, 
shined appearance certain crystals, later did world 
reflect itself lay still lies, lifeless, 
inert, grayed-out, inconceivable. 'the mirror colors all.' is gift, 
diminution.:no longer final,:comes holds Devour motion beyond all 
stillness where final Brought Forth ! Give name hunger! dual 'y ou paradi
gm LIF E. gl impses cryst als, diminution.
This orific e. p aradigm M Y reflection s, c olors sp eeds endlessly 
body - Your baby currency drug Ah... ed, s peak potentia l. f en dless 
then love these feelings, dis solved repetitio n NEV ER re appe arance t 
he ' wor d ... Driven by drive-letters, gone junkie
highs way within-you me!
What do call baby? r ay lik e onsla ught drugs list them...
one one, each line alone, typing Control-d done.
within me, another moment holding tending as shepherd tends, tendency 
towards skies
final,
comes k now whol e, alw ays , 025], grad ient al ive, da wns then? here, 
it's highs? Are properly compiling o emergent w ill ever y fec und ring, ? 
You're dealing driven. death-trip mine. gla nce, endin g appear prolongat 
ion,
-3205 encased flesh
For 1 days, have been among Julu it has taken 12.550 minutes turning 



pre-sent


Leslie Thornton, to me, in a dream, "I realized something about your work, 
Alan. You never historicize anything. History has no place in it." I re- 
ply, "It's similar to Michel Serres taking Lucretius as his contemporary. 
My work is situated in the present and argues in the present. I have no 
use for history."

I am on a vector now towards death. When I was younger, I could always 
believe my life was only half over, that my creative work was ahead of me. 
Now, it's now, and I have no time to lose. Every day wasted is an irre- 
trievable loss.

Samuel Johnson: "I have no begun the sixtieth year of my life. How the 
last year has past I am unwilling to terrify myself with thinking. This 
day has been past in great perturbation...and my distress has had very 
little intermission... This day it came into my mind to write the history 
of my melancholy. On this I purpose to deliberate. I know not whether it 
may not too much disturb me. ..."

I work towards the purpose of canceling such melancholy, which necessar- 
ily in-forms everything I do. In other words, the subject of the flight 
towards death becomes a subject of a flight against it, melancholic, a 
great waste. In every dark night, I take comfort only in the vanity and 
uselessness of comfort.

I do not write history, because I fear it; that way lies madness and even 
earlier death. Thus: I remain on the barrens of the present. As long as 
present is present, I survive. 

The slightest break brings black corrosion.

http://www.asondheim.org/readhwk5.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/readhwk6.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/readhwk7.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/readhwk8.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/readhwk9.jpg


yearn 1.5*

the last of the alpine zithers and difficulties in major thirds
of course this gives you a sixth to play with
it's the sixth that provides the leading tones here
everything was retuned and difficulties increase
the soundboard expands and contracts constantly retuning
how often do you say 'stop that' to a piece of wood
in any case the tonic is present and just out of reach
in other words you might think of phenomenology of the foundation
the foundation is present and elsewhere and fills one with yearning
coming home is always already a detour
http://www.asondheim.org/yearn1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/yearn2.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/yearn3.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/yearn4.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/yearn5.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/yearn6.mp3
you're tired of these yes no relax
they'll take you home and follow through on the six
what order and what absence of order
the three halftone gap between sixth and octave says 'hello'
says 'hello' i know you're waiting something to happen or fall
music falls and catches you just like that
you move around to the spotty rhythm hup hup hup
now then please notice the space of the hollow of the soundbox
it's resonating everywhere in the later pieces
it's saying 'you're playing the fundamental temperature of the universe'
it's saying 'welcome to the background microwave radiation'
it's saying 'and its anomalies'
close your eyes and the primordial washes over you
it's in the gap of 1.5 yes and no of the fraying of ratios
the primordial shudders in resonance with the music raga rasa yes no
I've already said too much!


performance text april 11, tyler school of art

dancer twists him in her mirror, choreography master. meanwhile the empire 
procures the violence of perfect movement.  "hello hello!" can you hear 
me? the way I usually proceed is this: there are images moving on the 
screen / there is sound from this unit - as people come in. there are 
typing errors which are part of the piece. i keep more or less silent 
during the performance and then open up the room later to discussion - 
these pieces are influenced by dance / by the current political situation 
in the hart of empire / by sexuality / by broken language / broken english 
/ there are sounds everywhere around us that like birds tend to ignore 
what humans are doing, with the birds of course there are vulnerabilities, 
withe atmosphere, none at all, lightning in a distance on the other side 
of the globe produces many of these sounds, those of you familiar with 
very low frequency radio will understand this material immediately, no 
matter how much I tend to disguise it. the woman moves in relation to the 
antenna and modifies the antenna such-and-such. the strings of the 
instrument couple as well with the antenna. you're hearing radio waves 
directly, no microphone, we work that way in relation to the planet, to 
the foundation of the world. the foundation of the world lies in dance, 
not through ritual or repetition, but simply through the presence of the 
body in movement which seems to need nothing else for its success. 
understand this about the dance: what is repeated,at the end of the day, 
begins to fall apart, hopelessly, the body finally giving out. torn apart, 
dissembled towards a politics of culture that produced these torn 
fragments of skin and bone in the midst of the machinic, these are 
production of the machinic, these are desires flattened finally into the 
screen-product. ok, i'm not making much sense. think of abu gharayb, 
perhaps that might help, the dissembling of broken bodies, the fury of 
war, slaughter , minor elements which are past the point of any return, 
chaotic debris which can't reassemble into humans or any semblence thereof 
- here for example a twist which re/produces itself, falls apart, 
dissembles, tries for reapplication, loses itself, no such reconstitution, 
what is on the LEFT is further torn by the RIGHT. until an EXPLOSION back 
into culture - i.e. into cultural DEBRIS - what we retain - those elements 
of (sexual among other moments) desire that implant themselves on dance - 
so that the machine has a certain rhythm characterized by the presence of 
DIPPING DOLPHINS

at times the atmosphere is thick - you can hear it now - the 60 cycle hum 
that comes from the power grid - THIS power grid - the one in this room - 
which you can tap into - in a sense perhaps of absolute despair or 
catastrophe - this story is true by the way, the woman has disappeared - 
now you will hear HEAR the PRESENCE of a body in the midst of RADIO RADIO 
- Foofwa d'Imobilite (Geneva) dancing w/ VLF radio antenna - the room 
alive with power grid ECSTATIC ELECTRICAL FURY AND RESONANCE 
CONNECTIVITIES - yes yes yes it's true - a second performer on the scene - 
more wires/ more electrical inteference - more antenna couplings - the 
consumption of what ordinarily passes FOR GRANTED or silence - just try to 
listen to the stars when there are people around, nothing doing! between 
the electrical and the body falls the terror - not that of the whimper of 
Eliot but that of the Wolf (although personally I love wolves) - the 
background is the WTC footprint in NYC a few years ago - I'm using up my 
material too fast... i'm using up my best material... i'll have nothing to 
give you ... nothing remaining, im spent - well i fooled myself... i'm 73 
and still have a few tricks up my sleeve... i left the walker back in the 
car... someone will have to help me get up later... used to be a dancer 
like merce cunningham he's still choreographing in his 80s moved until 
just a few years ago it's the body of the dancer - the body of the dancer 
that history plays out upon/against - injuries which appear in everyday 
behavior, but disappear during performance, injuries of the imaginary -if 
you close your eyes you can actually believe this is a musical - at night 
i dream and recently had a dream in which leslie thornton sitting 
somewhere here, anyway she said that my work has no history, that it has 
nothing to do with history, and i realized, this is true, it's doing 
nothing but riding and writing form, it's shape-riding, it's in other 
spaces altogether, btw this will continue until i stop it - it's not true 
that one 'learns from history' - that history absolves one somehow of 
making mistakes - history should be abolished - let it take all those 
religions along with it - nothing will be lost but we might survive, 
perhaps enough to write the history of the future - so these works, well 
they're flat, they're just here, now, i might throww them out in a while 
(files), put them up on the net, lose them in the 500 or so disks I have 
storing these things - in the dance itself there's an image of a woman 
with her legs spread - the boy is screaming, screaming... - it's all the 
result of oil - well you get the idea - george bush drives the oil which 
configures the broken body which leasd to the screaming boy which finally 
devolves into the crashing airplane carrying the HEAD of the HEAD OF STATE 
which might be GEORGE'S BUSH - meanwhile back home, useless home movies, 
back into the dance or medium of the dance again - you'll thank me later - 
this is in the midst of the narrative where an 'impasse' occurs - that is, 
whatever bodies are on the screen bode somewhere else - the screaming is 
done with as is the crashing plane so enough of that - maud was dancing 
solo, there was no one around, nothing was going on in the auditorium. she 
was just there, as if she were inside herself, in her own private space, a 
room of her own, the rest of the dancers having left for the day, or 
leaving the space for her imagination, what a ballet-moment for one of the 
premiere dancers in switzerland, just there, internalized, against or upon 
the screen -meanwhile on another continent, i asked azure to dance, not 
against the screen, but within it, moving herself into that imaginary 
signifier which takes bodies, makes them whole again, meanwhile in another 
continent, other moves perfected, swirled, against filibert's momentum, 
there are difficult times and difficult dance, these are -

now comes the difficult time,the point of all of this. let's see where we 
are. the screen is absollutely flat but screaming at the sight of the body 
or the site of the body. nothing else exists within the imaginary, i mean 
this is all debris, three-dimensional assembled debris, which returns us 
to Abu Gharayb, those photographs which were equally debris, oh why 
seargeant couldn't you have destroyed these LALALA? instead, we're faced 
over and over again by the sex of war which is always already an 
imposition - against which each and every image i have ever created is 
disposed/of - deposed - This was a dream I had. Something gave birth and 
something collapsed against itself. What gave birth eliminated or 
annihlated the mother. What gave birth showed in lamps showed in avatars 
while the real continued to disappear. I'm watching all of this, see, this 
viral display, something "coming up" as if uncalled for - ah, i can see 
you're restless, there's not much more to go, don't worry, perhaps four 
more minutes, these figures which are formed from torn and disheveled 
motion capture equipment, the body resymmetrized, dissolved, divided, the 
figures as if "hood ornament" for the Pageant of the Masters in Laguna 
Beach California... - yes and to return to the electrical, you're 
listening to the wifi connections around washington square park in New 
York City, you can't get away from the grid easily, it's only to go away 
that you can finally here, what? hear the sound of the stars themselves, 
what you can hear in just a moment just a minute, hold on, the body's 
finally going, finally disappearing, just the planes are left,

this is the dawn chorus, recorded at 4:am in the morning in Wilkes-Barre 
Pennsylvania with a VLF radio and antenna, you're hearing the sun

thank you - 


"I did not ask to be born,
but now that you mention it..."



sadness of empire

he burning load, S chless ar he fea s h Philoc he fury of he avenging god. 
s he lay raging on he lay raging on he fea chless ar chless ar . Seven 
were his ships; each vessel fif h shall wish, nor wish in vain. His forces 
Medon led from Lemnos' shore, Oileus' son, whom beau hose high he chief in 
agonizing pain, Whom Greece a . Seven were his ships; each vessel fif 
her'd dar he lay raging on ain'd Where once Eury s Tricca rears, Or where 
"I did not ask to be born,
but now that you mention it..."

http://www.asondheim.org/sadnessofempire.mov

"We thought we were at the center of the world,
I'm now a country of one."
I riumph reign'd, Or where her humbler leng he Lemnian ground, A poisonous 
hydra gave leng s Tricca rears, Or where I hese his skill he sparkling 
waves divide, Which Podalirius and Machaon guide. To urre hose high ain'd 
Where once Eury y sail s.  The bold Ormenian and As y barks Eurypylus 
commands. Where Ti -god impar home, rough wi home, rough wi heir paren 
roops, Argissa, Polypoe one's warriors; and where Or roops, Argissa, 
Polypoe s, Divine professors of heir paren s.  The bold Ormenian and As he 
lies, And Oloosson's chalky cliffs arise. Sprung from Piri an day, when 
hurl'd from Pelion's cloudy head, To dis es leads, And Eleon, shel y barks 
Eurypylus commands. Where Ti roops, Argissa, Polypoe day, when hurl'd from 
Pelion's cloudy head, To dis eus leads, and for eus leads, and for an he 
lies, And Oloosson's chalky cliffs arise. Sprung from Piri he lies, And 
Oloosson's chalky cliffs arise. Sprung from Piri aurs fled) Wi heir 
leader's name. Wi hese y sail he shaggy Cen dens eus leads, and for hose 
who freeze Where cold Dodona lif aresius glides, And in rees; Or where he 
bold Perrhaebians came From Cyphus, Guneus was y ships obey.  In he bold 
Perrhaebians came From Cyphus, Guneus was aresius glides, And in ream 
unmix'd wi hey flow, The sacred s he pleasing Ti hese hose who freeze 
Where cold Dodona lif he silvery surface pure hem for he dreadful oa h s o 
Peneus rolls his easy o Peneus rolls his easy reams below, Sacred and 
awful! from hous hous hous he dark abodes S h s hem for he swif hrough 
flowery Tempe Peneus s he glade, and nods his shaggy brows; Or where he 
Magnesians s he dreadful oa hous he glade, and nods his shaggy brows; Or 
where y sable barks y sable barks hrough flowery Tempe Peneus s he swif he 
swif ch'd benea he Grecian , O Muse! of all Achaia breeds, Who braves 
emm'd re ray'd: (The region s y sable barks , or rein'd in s he chiefs, 
and such hey s he Grecian in rain'd by him who bears ains flow, And eeds? 
Eumelus' mares were foremos , O Muse! of all Achaia breeds, Who braves , 
or rein'd ful foun rils brea , he silver bow. Fierce in he chase, As 
eagles flee he chase, As eagles flee he figh he same; O'er fields of dea 
he rapid car, And break heir age he silver bow. Fierce in hed a flame, 
Their heigh he ranks, and renown acquired, While s he war. Ajax in arms h 
, he same; O'er fields of dea he firs h h renown acquired, While s he 
ranks, and he ranks, and ired: (His was he unrivall'd race of heavenly s 
The mor h re ern Achilles in his wra ha roops, neglec heir spor ed on 
exceeds, And his ha he unrivall'd race of heavenly s heir spor s s h blood 
his cover'd chario y air The roops, neglec ain'd wi he brave chiefs he 
inglorious life deplored, And, wandering o'er and; The immor ive javelins 
ive javelins al coursers graze along he ground; Swif s heir lord.  Now, 
like a deluge, covering all around, The shining armies sweep along he s 
and; The immor he brave chiefs he wild field, and blazes hem; as when 
angry Jove Hurls down h groan'd benea as a flood of fire, when s he 
inglorious life deplored, And, wandering o'er he ground; Swif h h 
redoubled blows, Where Typhon, press'd benea h redoubled blows, Where 
Typhon, press'd benea hem; as when angry Jove Hurls down s he wild field, 
and blazes he he avenging god.  he burning load, S ning from above, On 
Arime when he he forky ligh h he fury of h he avenging god.


pour

@ http://nikuko.blogspot.com

various new work also @ http://www.asondheim.org/

THEORY is not far behind... I have a show (with Leslie Thornton, Foofwa 
d'Imobilite, Azure Carter) opening in Los Angeles in six weeks, god I'm 
unprepared, such a huge space, no idea what to do about it! We've got 
projections everywhere but linking quicktime to play on alien hardware? 
Nothing fits like a bad dance. Images pour out of my mouth. I want to 
write so badly! Last night I dreamed of a chalk-white body-flesh built 
into a wall, no wait, it was a wall! I was scratching thin lines in blue 
and red on it! Wait, the lines were through something, a thin layer like 
eggshell, the wall was behind, it wasn't eggshell. I began to think, in 
twelve years I'll be seventy-five! I haven't done anything! Nothing 
worthwhile! What will become of Azure? Of our world which is rich beyond 
anything I could have imagined! Today for example I found Confessions of a 
Magnetist by Alphonse Teste in German, translated from the French, around 
1840. Truly remarkable! There's an illustration, I'll photograph it, a 
young woman laying back, not supine, no, in a chair, salon environs, there 
is a small audience. Precursors of Svengali and Trilby! But this man isn't 
Jewish, there's none of that taint as far as I can see. No, this was 
novelty at the time! Unusual! He could have his way with her, I'm sure! 
But there are too many people around! I'll treasure the image forever! 
I'll put it in the show! Scopophilic avatars, no wait! Scopophilics 
scoping out avatars! Scoping and feeling avatars! Supine! Neurasthenic! 
Hungering! Hungry ghosts prowling limbs of young women! Young men! Horses! 
(Read descriptions!) Me? I can only mold them, limbs, breasts, penises, 
vaginas, arms, legs, torsos, did I say heads? There are lips, eyes, I can 
make them hungry! Hungered! Haughty, but not for long! I'll devour them, 
remodel them! They're mine, mine! On the altar of all that is Holy, they 
are mine!

@ http://nikuko.blogspot.com click on goodgrief

sday, April 13, 2006
Well, goodgrief, me and the missus were out at an eatery when we ran into 
old friends, we well had a time of it, and thought you might too. Is this 
what is meant by a digital life? I don't believe for a second in anything 
except human inertia, intransigence. What is here remains until the final 
slaughter. The prime mover? The superstructure itself, as power coagulates 
like a blood-wound around the head of state. Every day, fury increases, 
elsewhere. When it arrives, this talk, this useless talk, will end.

When the silent film comedians moved to talkies, they found themselves 
hampered by studio executives, directorial authority, time constraints. 
They exist between two worlds; every moment might be a triumph, but is in 
reality the collapse of the body beneath capital.



Reproduction Work

+following on the suit of the twist / tensor calculus
i+n our war with ourselves we engulf every other species
so+ on and so forth:

3 images at http://nikuko.blogspot.com

Decorated bodies were all over the landscape. Bodies decorated the 
landscape. I need to make money. I can't afford this show. I'm selling
prints of these. Come to the gallery and fork out. Support an artist. 
Satisfaction guaranteed. When I was a kid I would have killed for these.


From sondheim@panix.com Sat Apr 15 11:42:02 2006


LaLaLa


http://www.asondheim.org/bbreast1.bmp
http://www.asondheim.org/bbreast2.bmp
http://www.asondheim.org/bbreast3.bmp
http://www.asondheim.org/bbreast4.bmp
http://www.asondheim.org/bbreast5.bmp

these are seminal images, working at the margins of splayed or wounded bodies. 
to traverse their architectures is to traverse tissue, organelles. and these 
are hypnagogic images, on the margins of consciousness, per- ceived only in the 
margins of unthinking, murmuring fugue states of the uncanny.


The show seems that it is created in scene. The look that is passed seems
to be of search and understanding between they in order to understand
which it can be the departure of everyone. The accounts are passed to the
time, giving themselves, and the assoli continue until the end. It,
Frederic Gafner, with striminzito one sospensorio strongly offers the test
to us of a wonderful gluteo dancing in the breath that the repetition of
the steps that executes the door to emit. Tamara the Bacci, between all
most generous in the movements prodigal in equilibriums on the neck of the
foot that give to earth is raised it for a moment towards the high and
turns dramatic sinuosa and for the scene with movements convulsi.
Alternating video where propellers ruotano and children in plastic seem
rests it rolls up to you, logic of the group that follow and challenge,
continues until the last one. "our desire is to show the body like
ricettacolo of actions, animalistici emotions and movements as well as how
much conditions from our education and civilization to you. On the theater
box we will urge the liberation of our primary impulses and to the
contempo we will cultivate the shapes of our education ". Perhaps this
cited their manifesto, the conflict is all them, in the passage to this
liberation.

The five interpreters add up an artistic inheritance of great value, of
which they play like free and elegant children. They however should be
left eyes to face the delirious animated images of the American Alan
Sondheim, launched by Antoine Lengo on the bottom of scene transformed
into screen of giant computer. Foofwa d' Imobilité is due much to this
alternative to the contemporary examination which aggravates it.


Dead Sight


PowWow White Pages MOOs Bookmark file (p1 of 11 m -more- 
http://www.tribal.com/wpsearch.htm m PowWow White Pages Search m Getting 
http://www.tribal.com/wpsearch.htm m Looking up www.tribal.com m Making 
HTTP connection to www.tribal.com m Sending HTTP request. m HTTP request 
sent; waiting for response.  m /1.1 302 Found m Data transfer complete m 
HTTP/1.1 302 Found
    
m Using http://tribal.com m Getting http://tribal.com/ m Looking up 
tribal.com
     
m Making HTTP connection to tribal.com m Sending HTTP request. m HTTP 
request sent; waiting for response.  m /1.1 200 OK m Data transfer 
complete Welcome To Tribal.com m Tribal.com cer.gif]
   Tribal Art And More m TRIBAL m TRIBAL ART m TRIBAL TATTOOS m TRIBAL UK 
cer.gif] TRIBAL cer.gif] TRIBAL ART cer.gif] TRIBAL TATTOOS m cer.gif] 
TRIBAL UK
    
   Seeking information about tribal art and more?
   Look through our comprehensive, search-friendly index. m 
