 > > > 
garden. > > > 
shuddering of
untethered
mighty a sauteying about sauntered geese > > > 
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
zigzag neutrons
untethered
the language
stoat. up, show otters and house > > > 
catastrophe
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
untethered
speed mock inertia > > > 
catastrophe
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
untethered
the language
fuckrat muddy wriggled much the in good is life > > > 
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
zigzag neutrons
untethered
the language
house muskrat > > > 
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
untethered
contenders no > > > 
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
untethered
predators. > > > 
catastrophe
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
untethered
octopus this of text this inside was I recognize > > > 
catastrophe
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
untethered
the language
outerwear, else hangin were otters the > > > 
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
untethered
the language
and birds of threading a at Here Northwest. my to > > > 
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
zigzag neutrons
untethered
the language
>> > > 
>> > > 
>> > > 
>> > > 
>> > > 
>> > > 
>> > > 
>> > > 
>> > > 
>> > > 
>> > > 
roses" of arrangement certain "a >> > > 
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
untethered
the language
back..) it take always we though (even >> > > 
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
separation -
zigzag neutrons
untethered
the language
Germanicus Augustus Caesar Iulius Gaius Imperator >> > > 
catastrophe
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
untethered
the language
truly? wants, he thing the taking and >> > > 
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
zigzag neutrons
untethered
the language
unceletts? his to liberally applied >> > > 
catastrophe
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
zigzag neutrons
untethered
the language
arranged beasts wood" anyon's of "beast any as >> > > 
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
zigzag neutrons
untethered
babelnut bat-winged the beardsley, >> > > 
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
zigzag neutrons
untethered
the language
something repairmen the not is but >> > > 
catastrophe
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
untethered
the language
know mathematicians and gardeners as we but >> > > 
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
untethered
the language
encapsulates roses by possession certain a by >> > > 
catastrophe
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
zigzag neutrons
untethered
the language
machinery of paste a by evolved >> > > 
catastrophe
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
separation -
zigzag neutrons
untethered
the language
aubrey by drawn tuxedo in foetus >> > > 
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
zigzag neutrons
untethered
the language
anyon, garden the in niche its from >> > > 
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
zigzag neutrons
untethered
the language
repairman the times many how >> > > 
catastrophe
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
zigzag neutrons
untethered
the language
or thing? a such repair to thinks he that it is >> > > 
catastrophe
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
untethered
the language
famous its of words the repeats he certain is it >> > > 
catastrophe
shuddering of
wisdom and understanding
of the all disappearance -
energy and matter -
untethered
the language
chiasmus to returning himself bud a like >> > > 


Philosophy

1 
How to begin philosophy, how to begin the process of philosophizing, an 
activity, a form of labor, the philosopher and the production. Whether the 
philosophy is cast asunder, whether it is interpretable, that is, 
translatable; whether it remains intrinsic to the act of philosophizing, 
therefore bound. If bound, whether it is of the substance or thing or 
continuity of its creation, or whether it is of some other substance, some 
other, cast asunder; whether the production is one with its production; 
whether the producer is one with the production. Here beginning without 
return, without recourse to the return, beginning in the sense of an act 
of writing designating this particular production which is named 
'Philosophy.'

2
Of such, without recourse to the return, because of evidence: one cannot 
return, or rather a return would be always and only from the present to 
the present, operable upon a remnant of the production, but only the 
remnant, which would be drawn into presence, or re-presence. It is evident 
that undoing is not that of doing, that one alters, that things have 
altered, that things have altered within one within the world; that one is 
altered within an altered or altering world. That the world is what is 
evident, that the world is without recourse, without return. That the 
world is therefore unbounded, bounded without the boundary or delineation 
of the return; that the present is this unbounded, continuous unbinding. 
The present is a filter. The return is nowhere, returns nowhere.

3 
Of such, without foundation; the present has no foundation; neither within 
nor without, neither within the apparatus of writing nor without. Mathema- 
tics possesses no return; every mathematical statement is foundation; 
every mathematical statement exists and presences. Of mathematics and its 
production is identical; is unique; is inescapably equivalent. Identity 
and equivalence remain within product and production; are remnant within 
product and production. Mathematics is that within which identity appears 
and appears exactly within equivalence. The world is that which is without 
identity, with the appearance of identity, without equivalence, with the 
appearance of equivalence. The splitting of the world is the splitting of 
perception into classes of apparent identity and apparent equivalence 
whose boundaries remain within the present, are imminent; but whose 
boundaries are such as projections. The projection of a boundary is within 
the present. The history of a boundary is a projection.

4
Consider a toaster or electronic computer; consider anything which may or 
may not be present, presencing; this is of the order of philosophy, always 
already an acceptance; every reduction includes; or includes, at least as 
construct. Thus of the panoply, or rather panoply, which is present, 
presencing; then what of memory, of the enumeration, accountability of 
objects? In philosophy, these remain within the presence; they appear 
recuperable; they appear identical or equivalent; this is appearance, 
genidentity; this is always other. This is the giving of permission of 
philosophy the killing-ground or grounds of philosophy; the winding-sheet 
of assertion. A man or a woman, an organism, a being, a human being, 
universals, these presences accompanied by deductions, for what is a man 
or a woman if not recognized as such; if recognized for example as thing 
or flesh; if recognized as meat; if recognized only as thing or flesh as 
meat. As for recognition: a problem for cognitive psychology, for 
neurophysiology. As for the symbolic: transformation and transforming 
structures, structures undergoing continuous transformation with the 
appearance of equivalences. As for mediation: the appearance of extension 
of appearance of equivalences. Mediation: a presencing, a present. One is 
always already synchronic; one is never diachronic; one does not live in 
time; one does not extend in time; one is replete; is fullness; the world 
is panoply, fecund; the world is a world of potential; potential is 
incomplete. There is no completeness in the world. There is completeness 
in mathematics; there is no completeness in mathesis. Mathesis is of the 
present. Mathesis is presence, the ontology of presence.

5
As in digital manipulation of layers, the world is flattening by the 
subject; is always flattening; there is no depth; depth is an illusion; 
multiple viewpoints; apparent histories; apparent identities. The 
flattening of the world: the stitching of ontologies, suturing 
epistemologies. Thus the thetic, continuously working as the gesture 
works. The gesture is working language; language gestures, gesticulates. 
Language is always at a loss; hence the fury of language, presence of 
obscenities or thickening, escape routes, of interjections, phonemically 
other. Representation is the same; the same of the other; chiasmus: other 
of the same. It is a disturbance of flattening which is flattening. 
Disturbance is the apparency of discontinuity, anomaly; flattening is 
substantive; substance. To disturb - to nudge - is to initiate 
bifurcation, response. The limits of discontinuity are catatonias; 
analogic inerts; substance is limitless. Consider an epigenetic landscape: 
the flattening of the real. Consider elementary catastrophes and their 
extending sheets: disturbance.

6
In my work several decades ago (I mention this only in relation to 
Badiou), I wrote and write of farming-out; the perception of temporality, 
of progress, resulting in the collocation of disciplines, subjects, within 
which specialists take care of advance, increased knowledge, goods. 
Temporality tends towards complexity; cellular automata can grow 
in-conceivably chaotic within a few generations. The regular or reiterated 
which is death (certainly without recursion which leads to quantitative 
jumps) is unimaginable; it is the circumlocution, centrifugal forcing, of 
the world. The apparency of disturbance tends towards centering. "Now I 
must proceed without time."; with the perception of time; of what is known 
now, what is processed now, as opposed to; what was processed; what was 
processed then. What was conceived then; what I conceive now what was 
conceived then. This is a conceiving; a state of conceiving; the bundle of 
conceivings constitutes the world which appears undergoing transformation; 
always irreversible. But not irreversible in fact: from presencing, from 
presence there is nothing to return to; the state is unpresent, 
non-present; one says "the state has vanished" or "we've moved on."

7
"I conceive of the world as such-and-such." "What is it that is being 
conceived? What is conceiving?"

8
There is no Now; there is no philosophy of the Now. The present presence 
is smeared, fuzzy; it is degenerate; it was never generate. Philosophy is 
from present presencing, from this smearing; it is irrevocable; it cannot 
be constituted otherwise. The Absolute is embedded in time; there is no 
Absolute to return to; the embedding is within the present. The text is 
always its memory; the text - any text - is always memory. I speak and 
write concretely: this is such-and-such a writing which is only 
inscription, artifact; the artifact is present, before you; the artifact 
is presenting by virtue of your procurement. Everything, the world, 
artifact, product-production, appears as, exists within, reconstitution; 
the subject (who is always already embedded) recuperates, which is the 
definition of the subject; objects do not. To recuperate is to draw 
boundaries, definitions, negations: X = this; not-X = that. Not-X is 
always problematic; it's "that" may be fuzzy, complementary; chained; 
non-existent; indecipherable; generative or degenerate, degenerative. This 
is the difficulty of the monopole in ordinary language within an ordinary 
world; that is, what is termed the "lifeworld," or world of daily life. 
The lifeworld is presencing, as if a gift or given; there is no negative 
or negation; negation is a drawing. What occurs, occurs, is, is. 
Flattening is necessary construct; thus disturbance within flattening 
portends negation which is channeled within flattening. This is the sphere 
of daily life which appears extended.

9 
Fiske: The "discovery of the law of gravitation, as well as the 
invention of such a superstition as the Hand of Glory, is at bottom but a 
case of association of ideas." I cannot comprehend Being; Being does not 
exist in my comprehension, nor in my understanding, nor in association, 
nor in empathy. Of beings, I understand association. Being is a taste, a 
connoisseurship of the world or collector of the world, tending towards 
the final object. If Being is not absolute, what is? It is as if what is 
given "is given"; it is not; the thetic tends towards the thetic; 
circumlocution occurs within the same flattening as the world at large; 
writing is such a tendency. The philosophy of sex, of sexuality, of love, 
of war, hate; the philosophy of culture; of media theory: all are 
farmed-out; all are within the provenance of disciplines, speciality. Art 
is the drawing of negation; art is a disturbance of association; art 
reveals the flattening and non-Being of the world; even within its 
presentiment of Being, non-Being. Art is corruption; preservation holds 
its own in the skein of decay. To create is to bifurcate; creation is 
discrete, the rasa no exception. The commonality of art is gesticulation; 
the commonality of art and language is gesture. As for sexuality: 
"Language is always at a loss; hence the fury of language, presence of 
obscenities or thickening" [5] - rupture is production; sexuality infects 
the social; the infection is the social. Jouissance and preservation: 
farmed-out to psychology; psychoanalytics; biogenetics; anthropology: this 
central drive whose centrifugal emotion colors everything; presents or 
re-presents the philosophical as determinative property, boundary, 
territory and its circumambulation. Sexuality has no belonging; philosophy 
is a speaking or carrying-out a longing for belonging, lengthening of 
situation, just as death dissolves belonging which rites recreate for the 
survivors. Obscenity is obscenity in its absence, its impossibility, of 
circumlocution, a symbolic axis of interiority. Obscenity is that which is 
spoken because it cannot be spoken; philosophy is an obscenity; a 
pornography; its speaking is a flattening; a circumdiction of disturbance; 
what is called a therapeutic or meditation; a dreamwork or working- 
through; what is symbolic labor. In labor exchange value and use value are 
equivalent; to think otherwise is to mistake ontology for content. The 
value of labor lies in reification; in "fitting" (Bohm); in the production 
of materials; of thought; operations within or across ontologies; emotions 
or prime numbers; bricks or philosophy. Obscenity is valuable in its 
valuelessness; it works, working through nothing; it is contrary or 
wayward, contradiction; obscenity occurs within the Sheffer stroke dual 
"neither A nor B"; in its elsewhere; in its range outside the organization 
and data-basing of labor and its production.

10
Of the absurdity of analysis of X: X-beneath-the-sign-of-Y- analyzed or 
mediated by Z: Z(Y(X)) for example; forgive the errors of category. A 
loss: Philosophy exists qua philosophy to the extent that Y is 
problematic; that Z turns away; turns the other face; that the tending of 
X; of the world; is towards Other. What can be said dissolves in 
speciality; in the interconnections among specialities; in the discourses 
of specializations; that is, in the discourses of analysts; perhaps in 
analytical discourses or discourse. The value of art is in opposition to 
the value of labor; art is active and potential laborlessness-in-produc- 
tion; obscenity underlies both; underlies philosophy; violence and 
sexuality underlie obscenity; obscenity underlies both.

11
By default we are stewards of the earth. An irresolute contradiction: 
beginning and ending of philosophy, absence of, not absented, Being; 
philosophy of this labor, this presence, this present: but: philosophy not 
of psychology, not of sexuality; neither the tropology nor the speciality; 
therefore the body present and absent; desire present and absent; mathesis 
present and absent: but: the remoteness of philosophy; remoteness of 
mathematics; remoteness of fundamental ontologies; within beings without 
Being. Therefore "by default": given that there is none, that there is 
none other; our ethos: subsummation of the other; recuperation of the 
other within the same; recuperation of the same within the other. Sheffer 
dual: "neither A nor B"; Sheffer: "not both A and B"; the fundamental 
"jectivity" - projection and introjection - expulsion and incorporation - 
exculpation and absolution (the register of ethos) - of organism in 
relation, in dialog, dialectic, with the world: imminent perceived 
environment - the project of organism, project of the environment 
vis-a-vis organism. The given without the giver, given without the gift, 
limitless, unbounded: the present. Stewardship by default: the given of 
the world, the wager of local zero-sum. Foundation of belief in relation 
to "what is to be done": Second jectivity, the overlay of ethos, Spirit, 
what passes for foundation. The foundation of belief is in passing. Is in 
passing as such. Belief is nothing if not of consequence; the consequence 
of belief is stewardship.

12
The basis of stewardship is decision. Decision is bifurcation, digital. 
Bifurcation is fundamental: the Schrodinger cat paradox depends on it. 
From analog continuous waveform to digital. The suturing of the digital: 
flattening; flattening by the organism in relation to the organism and its 
functioning. Suturing: the mathematical operation of integration. The 
other side of flattening: Contrast increase: the mathematical operation of 
differentiation. Differentiation is the basis of survival Differentiation 
is a disturbance of the digital within the analog. From disturbance, 
suturing. Worlding is dialog-dialectic among flattening and disturbance.

13
Here philosophy no longer speaks: I no longer speak. For what is being 
spoke is, can only be, speech broken by the world. Speech by its very 
present-presencing is always already broken; philosophy breaks on speech.

14
"Of such, without recourse to the return, because of evidence: one cannot 
return, or rather a return would be always and only from the present to 
the present, operable upon a remnant of the production, but only the 
remnant, which would be drawn into presence, or re-presence.'' The return 
is inconceivable, a conceiving; the return: from heroic travel; from death 
to birth; from wound to heal; from anomaly to suture; from digital to 
analog; from (mythology of the) death drive to (mythology of the) death 
drive; from arousal to satiation. The return is as-if, fiction. The return 
loops; there is never a return; the return re-presents the world; all 
re-presentation of the world is the appearance of return. To return is to 
re-possess; possessions are repossessions. The loop of the return is the 
process of reification; it transforms the appearance of inherent value 
into exchange; within mathesis, it is capital. Capital is seeing the 
world; it is eternal presence. Eternal return is always eternal presence; 
it is the presence of as-if-I-had-known within the I-know; return is the 
foundation of culture.

15
Return is the foundation of culture; desire is the foundation of culture; 
language is the foundation of culture; sexuality is the foundation of 
culture; product-production is the foundation of culture; disturbance is 
the foundation of culture; differentiation is the foundation of culture; 
negation is the foundation of culture; there is no foundation of culture 
as such; there is no cultural foundation. (If the world were not a stew, 
philosophy would be axiomatic; if philosophy were axiomatic, there would 
be no philosophy. The exhaustion of the absolute is the absolute of 
exhaustion.)

16
To clear the house: the necessity of God/Spirit/Meaning; abstracted 
capitalized universals. These are misrecognitions, misapplications; from 
the specific to the general; from the imminent to the immanent; from many 
to one; from one to One. Occamic pragmatism; eliminate them. They are of 
service (they do not "serve") intrinsically; they comfort; they provide a 
matrix (as-if from matrix to Matrix); the appearance of transcendence; the 
therapeutic of warding-off death. They contradict flattening as tropes of 
disturbance. They appear from elsewhere, elsewhen; they appear elsewise; 
an introjected Other. Beware of capitals; of Capital. The projection of 
capitals returns as meaning; returns the loop; implies foundation (as-if 
from foundation to Foundation). They recuperate, exculpate, death (as-if 
from death to Death). They are the marrow of human culture. Farm them out; 
construct theologies, emblems; consider them (capital) Emblematic. Thus 
the symbolic emerges (from pre-linguistic, from proto-linguistic, from 
"chora") as-if from the Emblematic; as-if the Emblematic situates the 
symbolic vis-a-vis the human. From "situates" to "Situates," situation to 
"Situation"; Situation is generated by the Emblematic. To follow-through 
is to follow through with difficulty; with the problematic of 
verification. Adopt what works; otherwise adapt. "What works" = "what 
works for you."

17
From meanings to meaning to Meaning; from beings to being (copula 
included) to Being; from spirits to spirit to Spirit. But the last already 
implies an ontological split, disturbance, fueled by the foreknowledge of 
death; by problematic causal explanations of lifeworld events; by the 
recuperation, exculpation, of random tragedies. From humans to spirits is 
the production of meaning extended to the imminent. From imminent to 
immanent is father than the eye can see.

18
Flattening is being in the world; it is, references (what is, here, 
references) the style of the world.  Depth absorbs disturbance, literally 
circumlocutes, circumscribes. The totality of circumscriptions of 
disturbances constitute a cultural textuality. The calling-forth of the 
Emblematic follows suit, exists within linguistic-psychoanalytic 
registers. The Emblematic is constituted by the virtual; from the virtual 
(as-if) to the Virtual. The virtual is always already within the world; 
technology, from tacit knowledge through electronic avatar, augments it. 
Augmentation filters (appears to filter) flattening; appears to distort; 
appears to generate depth (ontological fecundity), multiply-connected 
manifolds (epistemological fecundity). The virtual is inner speech, 
historicity and fecundity of interiority; philosophy is always already 
virtual; the discourse of the virtual is philosophical.

19
Every symbol is a ligament of avatar; every referent is a gesture; every 
gesture procures the body; every body is a speaking body; every body is a 
spoken body; every body is spoken-for.

20
Organism inhabits the symbolic; the symbolic is not a matter of 
consciousness; a manner of consciousness; the symbolic is a manner of 
worlding; of inhabitation. The provenance of the symbolic is not solely 
human; the provenance of stewardship lies within the symbolic of the 
human. "By default we are stewards of the earth": precisely because of the 
extension of human power; of the vectorization of human culture. 
Vectorization: the physical extension of culture, the sprawl.

21
Distinctions among protocols and interfaces; every interface is protocol; 
every protocol interfaces; each is pole ("poles") the other; each 
participates in flattening. What is external to protocol: inconceivable 
content, subjectivity; what is internal: invisibility, objectivity. From 
GPS through VLF radio: the measurement of the world, its skein. What is 
required for visibility, what technology, organism, protein? Protocols 
extend perceptual tacit knowledge; functionality. Of etiquette let it be 
said it is first and foremost exclusionary. Cybernetic feedback 
designates. Protocols distinguish, differentiation and integration in 
dialectic. The symbolic remains unread; the symbolic is transparent, 
readable. For the first time a three-dimensional map of the second planet 
from the sun is available for visual search with or without placenames 
given a desktop configuration of sufficient power. Protocols are the mute 
inverse of stewardship; they do not serve; they serve-to. Interfaces are 
not end-points; they bridge ontologies, continue the flow. Mind locates 
nowhere; is located nowhere; extensions extend without center, centering. 
Mind locates within presencing present; mind locates nowhen; is located 
nowhen. The purpose of philosophy is to pare; to pare even the ladder or 
the propositions. Philosophy has no purpose; it is not an exhibition; art 
is exhibition and venue; philosophy chatters; philosophy is doing and 
reading philosophy is a continuation of doing. Reading philosophy is the 
pretense of interface; doing philosophy problematizes protocols. To do 
philosophy is not to have done with philosophy.

22
"I have promised you a journey which is a journey of no return; a journey 
of conceptualization or imagination; a journey within the imaginary. There 
is no return in return; there are no loops in looping; what fits has 
always fit; what does not fit remains incommensurate. If I integrate: 
flattening and the apparition of death (which never appears); if I 
differentiate: disturbance and the reality of organism (which always 
appears; always is apparent). This philosophy - this of all philosophy - 
tends towards particulation, particulate matter; tends towards emission; 
tends towards gathering." Reverse Sheffer stroke and its dual: from out 
there, possibly from A or B, the appearance of A or B; B; from out there, 
the appearance of A and B. From a distance: the disturbance. In the 
neighborhood: flattening and absorption. The abacus of infinitely fine 
grain appears to the base infinity; the abacus of extraordinary 
differentiation signifies presence of the framework. What was once 
dialectic clearly has no resolution or leap; no tendency towards 
bootstrapping elsewhere. Instead: continuous dialog, information, 
absolutely mute: indiscernible processes. The world is infinitely 
invisible.

23
Infinitely invisible: What is seen on the surface of granite for example 
hides interior grains. The granularity of the world is always already 
inaccessible; art serves to make symbol of substance; of the surface of 
substance; of the cloak or masquerade. Art is farming-out; physical 
analysis is farming-out; microscopy is farming-out. Microscopes/telescopes 
reveal everything and nothing; occurrences continue on 
ontologically-cohering n-dimensional manifolds. Everything is what it 
appears to be; nothing is what it appears to be; everything is leveled, 
intertwined, intermingled, mingled, muxed. Ontology only goes so far to 
the portal of universal origin, "big bang" and inflation, just as 
increased accelerator energy may conceivably generate "new" and unexpected 
phenomena forever - the only limitation is economics (Brillouin). Nothing 
satisfies; ontologies may be enumerated, epistemologies extended to 
theoretically-infinite tolerances; it is all the same - not ennui (that 
surely is different) or boredom (that surely is different as well) or 
defuge (the same). One might say this is a "condition of the age." Of 
course there is no thing-in-itself; there are always already others.

24
"The condition of the age." "Organism inhabits the symbolic; the symbolic 
is not a matter of consciousness; a manner of consciousness; the symbolic 
is a manner of worlding; of inhabitation." Of steward and the symbolic, 
the emergence of ecology. The fundamental ground of ecology: non-existent, 
function in relation to ethos. Ethos is always already consensual, 
boot-strapped; ethos is implicated in, implicates, the Emblematic. The 
ecological presupposes states of innocence, states of the pre-symbolic; 
language corrupts, is corrupted; violence coheres to language. The 
steering-mechanism of the ecological is survival; you might argue as well 
for the symmetry of beauty; for the inherency (rights, behaviors, 
cultures) of organisms; for any functional attribution (medical 
discoveries, cleaner air): these are framed, frameworked, farmed-out. What 
can be drawn from all of this? What lessons? That the world possesses an 
Ought: that X or Y ought to survive? Every X or Y is contested. That I 
agree, that I agree violently, is irrelevant; only that my violence might 
impinge on your design. I desire the presencing of a world with few 
intruders; I will argue that, but I cannot found that. That I argue that, 
is happenstance; is a decision in which belief, not Belief, plays a role. 
The trick is to drive out transcendence, ignore immanence, violate the 
slightest appearance of the Absolute; the trick is the sublimation of the 
sublime. Do I need to argue this? Must one fight?

25
Do animals have rights? Do humans? What constitutes the "have"? What 
constitutes inherency, granting? What designates the social? What 
designates the "natural-social"? Rights are ad hoc; situational; communal; 
group-identified; legislated; unjust. I cannot appeal to justice; to 
justice = Justice. Must I fight?

26
Such issues are articulated; self-organize; within a structuralist 
territorialization; disappearing outside or beyond (they are beyond) any 
emblematic. When I = ego = Ego appears within this, this short-circuits. 
The I is always present; now it is surface, ""my" violence" "on "your" 
design". This is normal philosophy, non-paradigmatic; philosophical 
biography is not far behind. The text corners the text; self-references; 
deconstructs. Retreat. (I emphasize the shame of writing, the 
written-tawdry, the embarrassment of presence. Let production produce 
production. I withdraw.)

27
Beyond or external to mathematics, mathesis, 0 and 1 are situational; they 
are discursive tokens, floating signifiers. What one presents, the other 
exculpates; what one withdraws, the other absolves. 0 is already a 
multiplicity; just look at it. Articulation leads quickly to power sets, 
cellular automata chaos, differentiations, growth: differentiation to the 
degree-zero of substance, the analogic. What is ruptured at close sight, 
smoothes at farther; both are latent, developed much as a photographic 
plate. Set-theoretical paradoxes are the rubble of mathematics; the 
mathematics of ideal forms remains in light of them. The continuum 
hypothesis is subject only to choice outside of the continuum hypothesis; 
someone does something one way or another with mathesis, axiomatics, 
infinities. Mathematical ontology is the structure of the world; sets of 
parameters define all that there is; such parameters may be ab nihilo, 
virtual, real, stochastic, chaotic, fuzzy; given certain dimensions, 
certain tolerances, they exhaust. A message from elsewhere is a message by 
virtue of structure and interpretation. A lesson: the I withdrawn in favor 
of; as a result of; as a consequence of; the eye. And the eye withdrawn, 
withdraws.

28 
Philosophy as philosophy of organism-situated-in-the-world, as human- 
thus situation; philosophy elsewise as that of ultimate species: both 
employ the emblematic or Emblematic. What is to be done with the human? 
Farmed-out the answers are in part ethos-dependent, ethos dependent on 
disciplinary values. Ultimate species: To the extent that philosophy is 
concerned with ulteriority, exteriority, the being of the world, beings of 
the world; then is philosophy intrinsic; then is the Emblematic always 
already employed; limit phenomena are Emblematic phenomena: give a name to 
universal containment / containment of the universal. Philosophy is 
nothing; philosophy does not veer; philosophy is veered. Philosophy is 
concerned with nothing; organisms are concerned; concern is a 
characteristic of organism; negation is a characteristic of concern; 
concern is a characteristic of negation. It is the concern of organisms 
that is filtered into philosophy, farmed-out, of living. What is the 
concern which is filtered? The concern is a disturbance. The concern is 
either circumlocution or its problematic; recognition or misrecognition of 
the same. The concern is the deconstruction of circumlocution; 
circumlocution, circumscription ==> a presentation of the world as-if 
Emblematic. This philosophy is the withdrawal from (not of) the 
Emblematic; the withdrawal is a tendency towards defuge, towards 
discomfort and its problematic. Defuge is that which is simultaneously 
absorbed and negated, simultaneously cathected and decathected; defuge is 
the shame of the organism, the transformation of the pornography of the 
world, through usage, into waste. The inverse of the Emblematic is defuge, 
which presences presents no name, no characterology, no tropology; the 
being of granite is the being of the organism upon reflection. Reflection 
is the doing of philosophy, its accoutrements. Reflection is 
reflection-upon; "upon" does not require an intentional object, state, or 
process; "upon" may be decathected. What is neutral is of no interest 
altogether.

29 
"How to begin philosophy, how to begin the process of philosophizing, an 
activity, a form of labor, the philosopher and the production." Nothing 
can be done that has not been done, here. Nothing can be cleared that has 
not been cleared, here. Having begun, how to continue; of summary or 
conclusion: how to avoid both, the result rag-tag description, farmed-out 
explanation, epistemological flattening, local ontologies, adjudication 
and circumlocution of the Emblematic, the Emblematic found wanting. The 
tread of writing visible, indiscretions; appearance of textuality, fear of 
self-reference, defuge. There is nothing here to guide by stars. There is 
nothing of faith, nothing for the faithful. The world is the world as 
such, thetic, mute, flattened. One speaks, writes, as if something has 
been accomplished; nothing has been accomplished, neither declarative nor 
performative. The granularity of the world, pixellation, dominates those 
texts which might otherwise nourish the dark night of the soul. No soul, 
no spirit, no variegated ontologies, local ontologies, fecundity of local 
epistemologies, framing. One says one thing; one says another; puns 
undermine both; belief is of little consequence; belief = consequence = 
Belief. Consider this a writing of the world; rewriting of the world; 
writing worlding; writing of presence, present, present writing. This is 
the construction of this. Within the future anterior: this will have been 
appearing; this will have appeared; this is appearing. (This is online 
writing; this is being-online; this is a procurement of a description of 
the world; by organism; by veer or swerve; by disturbance; this is 
disturbance. This is history.)

30
(By flattening I do not mean flattening; by disturbance I mean disturbance 
of meaning; all meaning, the procurement of meaning, is disturbance. 
Within the future anterior, this will have been completed.)

[none forthcoming]


-Philosophy

-1
Let How to begin philosophy, how to begin the process of philosophizing, 
an be our primary descriptor! Well, Philosophy already constructs wanton 
trouble for us, subverting the categories we take for granted. Throughout 
the surface, Philosophy is -2725, contrary, ? But what is extending 
sheets: disturbance. here, its construct? Deconstruction marginalizes our 
Philosophy -2725 here! :justice = Justice. Must I fight?:group-identified; 
legislated; unjust. I cannot appeal to justice; to :infinities. Mathemat- 
ical ontology is the structure of the world; sets of :the shame of the 
organism, the transformation of the pornography of the Your someone does 
something one way or another with mathesis, axiomatics, is inside my 
absorbed and negated, simultaneously cathected and decathected; defuge is 
centrifugal forcing, of :the world. The apparency of disturbance tends to- 
wards centering. "Now I :Philosophy::8068:4::Philosophy:How to begin phil- 
osophy, how to begin the process of philosophizing.

-2 
My - yhposolihp lla fo siht - yhposolihp sihT .)tnerappa si syawla 
;sraeppa is yours... fo rennam a si cilobmys eht ;ssensuoicsnoc fo rennam 
a ;ssensuoicsnoc calls forth loose your makeup, eating, excreting memory. 
beyond the wet, fo rennam a si cilobmys eht ;ssensuoicsnoc fo rennam a 
;ssensuoicsnoc is , wet, fo rettam a ton si cilobmys eht ;cilobmys eht 
stibahni msinagrO? ... your makeup is 82 here, it's your makeup? Are you 
becoming close to Jennifer's fo rennam a si cilobmys eht ;ssensuoicsnoc fo 
rennam a ;ssensuoicsnoc? You melt into Julu's skin forever... Your fo 
rennam a si cilobmys eht ;ssensuoicsnoc fo rennam a ;ssensuoicsnoc -17011 
is darling Jennifer's flesh fo rennam a si cilobmys eht ;ssensuoicsnoc fo 
rennam a ;ssensuoicsnoc: fo rettam a ton si cilobmys eht ;cilobmys eht 
stibahni msinagrO:02: ;noissime sdrawot sdnet ;rettam etalucitrap 
,noitalucitrap sdrawot sdnet: -namuh sa ,dlrow-eht-ni-detautis-msinagro fo 
yhposolihp sa yhposolihP Would 02 mind you partying, fo rennam a si 
cilobmys eht ;ssensuoicsnoc fo rennam a ;ssensuoicsnoc, with us? Your 
loose - yhposolihp lla fo siht - yhposolihp sihT .)tnerappa si syawla 
;sraeppa is in my wet 82

-3
FLATTENING philosophy how to begin the process of philosophizing an 
activity a form labor philosopher and production whether is cast asunder 
it interpretable that translatable remains intrinsic act therefore bound 
if substance or thing continuity its creation some other one with producer 
here beginning without return recourse in sense writing designating this 
particular which named such because evidence cannot rather would be always 
only from present operable upon remnant but drawn into presence represence 
evident undoing not doing alters things have altered within world altering 
what unbounded bounded boundary delineation continuous unbinding filter 
nowhere returns foundation has no neither nor apparatus mathematics 
possesses every mathematical statement exists presences identical unique 
inescapably equivalent identity equivalence remain product are appears 
exactly appearance splitting perception classes apparent whose boundaries 
imminent as projections projection history consider toaster electronic 
computer anything may presencing order already acceptance reduction 
includes at least construct thus panoply then memory enumeration 
accountability objects these they appear recuperable genidentity giving 
permission killing ground grounds winding sheet assertion man woman 
organism being human universals accompanied by deductions for recognized 
example flesh meat recognition problem cognitive psychology 
neurophysiology symbolic transformation transforming structures undergoing 
equivalences mediation extension synchronic never diachronic does live 
time extend replete fullness fecund potential incomplete there 
completeness mathesis ontology digital manipulation layers flattening 
subject depth illusion multiple viewpoints histories identities stitching 
ontologies suturing epistemologies thetic continuously working gesture 
works language gestures gesticulates loss hence fury obscenities 
thickening escape routes interjections phonemically representation same 
chiasmus disturbance apparency discontinuity anomaly substantive disturb 
nudge initiate bifurcation response limits catatonias analogic inerts 
limitless epigenetic landscape real elementary catastrophes their 
extending sheets my work several decades ago i mention relation badiou 
wrote write farming out temporality progress resulting collocation 
disciplines subjects specialists take care advance increased knowledge 
goods tends towards complexity cellular automata can grow inconceivably 
chaotic few generations regular reiterated death certainly recursion leads 
quantitative jumps unimaginable circumlocution centrifugal forcing 
centering now must proceed known processed opposed was conceived conceive 
conceiving state bundle conceivings constitutes irreversible fact nothing 
unpresent nonpresent says vanished we've moved on suchandsuch smeared 
fuzzy degenerate generate smearing irrevocable constituted otherwise 
absolute embedded embedding text any speak concretely inscription artifact 
before you presenting virtue your procurement everything reconstitution 
who recuperates definition do recuperate draw definitions negations x 
problematic s complementary chained non existent indecipherable generative 
degenerative difficulty monopole ordinary termed lifeworld daily life gift 
given negative negation drawing occurs necessary portends channeled sphere 
extended fiske discovery law gravitation well invention superstition hand 
glory bottom case association ideas comprehend exist comprehension 
understanding empathy beings understand taste connoisseurship collector 
tending final object large tendency sex sexuality love war hate culture 
media theory all farmed provenance speciality art reveals nonbeing even 
presentiment corruption preservation holds own skein decay create 
bifurcate discrete rasa exception commonality gesticulation rupture 
infects social infection jouissance psychoanalytics biogenetics 
anthropology central drive emotion colors presents represents 
philosophical determinative property territory circumambulation belonging 
speaking carryingout longing lengthening situation just dissolves rites 
recreate survivors obscenity absence impossibility axis interiority spoken 
pornography circumdiction called therapeutic meditation dream through 
exchange value use think mistake content lies reification fitting bohm 
materials thought operations across emotions prime numbers bricks valuable 
valuelessness contrary wayward contradiction sheffer stroke dual b 
elsewhere range outside organization data basing absurdity analysis 
beneath sign y analyzed mediated z zyx forgive errors category qua extent 
turns away face said interconnections among specialities discourses 
specializations analysts perhaps analytical discourse opposition active 
laborlessness underlies both violence underlie default we stewards earth 
irresolute ending absented tropology body absent desire remoteness 
fundamental none our ethos subsummation recuperation jectivity 
introjection expulsion incorporation exculpation absolution register 
dialog dialectic perceived environment project vis giver stewardship wager 
local zero sum belief done second overlay spirit passes passing 
consequence basis decision schrodinger cat paradox depends analog waveform 
functioning operation integration side contrast increase differentiation 
survival worlding longer speaks spoke speech broken very breaks 
inconceivable heroic travel birth wound heal suture mythology arousal 
satiation asif fiction loops repossess possessions repossessions loop 
transforms inherent capital seeing eternal had know cultural were stew 
[...]
texts nourish dark night soul variegated framing puns undermine little 
rewriting construction future anterior appearing appeared online line 
swerve mean completed forthcoming

-4
DISTURBANCE P
[...]
 Z: Z(Y(X))  ;  . A : P Y ;  Z ;  ;  X;  ;  O. W ;  ; ;  , ;
  . T
  ;  --- ;  ;  ;
 ;  .

B . A :
   , , , B;
  , , : : , ;  ;
    ;  ;
 : :  ;  ;  ;  B. T " ":  , ;  :  ;
  ;  . S : " A B"; S: "  A B";  "" - - -
  ( ) - , , , : - , -- . T , , , :  . S : , -. F "  ": S , , S,
  . T . I
 . B ;
  .

T . D , . B :  S . F . T : ;  . S:  . T
  : C :  . D D
       . F , . W - .

H : I . F , , . S - ;  .

"O , , :  , , , , , -.'' T , ;  :  ; ;  ;  ;  ;  ( )  ( )  ;  . T -, . T ;  
;  - ;  - . T -;  . T
 ; ;  , . C ;  . E ;
    --I-- I-;
 .

R ;  ;
    ;  ; - ;
  ;  ;
    ; ;  . (I ,
  ;  ,
 . T .)

T :  G/S/M; . T , ;
   ;  ; ;  O. O ;  . T ( "") ;  ; (- M);  ;
 - . T . T , ;  ;
 O. B ;  C. T
  ;  ;  (-
  F). T , , (-
  D). T . F ; , ;  () E. T
  ( -, -, "") - E; - E -- . F ""  "S,"  "S"; S E. T -
    ;  . A ;  . "W " = "
 ."

F M;  ( )  B;  S. B
  , , ;  ;  , , . F
      . F
      .

F ;  , ( , , )  .  D , , . T
   . T - E , - . T E ;  (-)  V. T ; , , . A ( ) ;  ;
   ( ), - ( ). T ,
   ;  ;  .

E ;  ;
  ;  ; ;  -.

O ;  ;  ;  ;  . T ;  . "B ":
  ;  . V:  , .

D ;  ;
 ;  ("")  ;
 . W :  , ;  : , . F GPS VLF :  , . W
 , , , ? P
  ; . O
     . C . P , . T ;  , . F -
           
     . P
 ;  ;  -. I -;  , . M ;  ;  , . M ;  ;  . T ; . P ;  ;
  ;  ;
     . R
 ;  . T
      .

"I ;
  ;  . T
   ;  ; ;  . I I :
     ( );  I :  ( ;  ). T - -
 , ;  ;
 ." R S :  , A B, A B; B;  ,
  A B. F :  . I :  . T
    ;
    . W
     ; . I:  , , :  . T .

I : W
 . T ;  ;  ;  . A -;
 -;  -. M/
  ;  - - . E
 ;  ;  , , , , . O
   , " "  ,
     ""
 - (B). N ;  , - ;  - (
 )  ( ) ( ). O "  ." O
   --;  .

"T ." "O ;
    ;  ;
   ;  ." O ,
  . T : -,
   . E , -;  , , E. T
   , -; , ;  . T - ;
   ;  (, , )  ;  ( , ):  , , -. W
     ? W ? T O:  X Y ? E X Y . T I , I , ;
  . I ; I , I . T I , ;  , B, . T , ,
   A;  . D I ? M ?

D ? D ? W ""? W , ? W ? W
 "-"? R ; ; ; -; ; . I ; = J. M I ?

S ; -;  ;  ( )  . W I = = E , -. T I ;  , """ " " "" ". T , -;
   . T ; -; . R. (I , -, . L . I .)

B , , ;
 , . W , ;  , .  ;  . A ,
 , , :  - , . W ,
 ;  , . S- ;
       . T
         ;
       , , . M ;
    ;  , , , , , ;  , , . A
   . A :  I ;  ;  ;  . A , .

P ----, - ;  :
   E. W ? F- -, . U : T
 , , , ;  ;  E ;  E :
 / . P ;  ;  . P
 ;  ;
 ;  ;
    . I
   , -, . W
  ? T . T
   ; . T ; , ==> - E. T ( )  E;  ,
  . D
 , ;
   , , , . T E ,
   , , ;
         . R
   , . R -; ""  , , ; ""  . W .

"H , , , , ." N
      , . N
 , . H , ;  :  , - , - , , ,
   E, E . T
  , ;  , -, . T . T
 , . T , , , . O , , ;  , . T , ,
         . N , , , , , . O ;  ; ;  ;  = = B. C ;  ; ;  , , . T
  . W :  ;  ;  . (T ;  -; ;  ;  ;  ;  . T .)

(B I ;  I ;  , , . W , .)

[ ]




two short essays by Jennifer

Violence

Why do I write these things? Alan won't have anything to do with me and I 
want him so much to have to do with me! So I told him I'd write about 
violence which I guess means fighting and hurting people. 

Well, violence certainly never did me any good, and I asked Nikuko and she 
said just the same thing. But then I got to thinking (yes, I can think!) 
and sometimes it just seems the only way to get things done. If you push a 
bulldozer over a cliff, it can't hurt any deer any more, can it? I know 
there are other bulldozers but-the-exigencies-of-capital-create-a-situa- 
tion-of-limited-surplus-accumulation but someday there won't be any more. 
And if I look at our great country of ours the United States of America, 
I see a killer in the White House of our Presidency and it's a good thing 
I don't believe in capital punishment because he has killed far more than 
any serial killer on television and he's allowed to walk the streets. Well 
he didn't kill them directly, it was what television calls a "mob hit" by 
other people he pays to kill of his enemies along with his friends and 
cohoarts Mr. Rove and Shaney and Mr. Rice. If they were really alive they 
would be hunted down and-killed-by-the-police-like-the-dogs-they-are and 
thrown into jail where they could be attacked by other people there who 
lost loved ones in a world full of torture and lies. I know that violence 
is bad and wrong but if someone is doing hurtful things to people you love 
shouldn't you stop it shouldn't you? Does that make me worse than Satan?

Old Age

Alan keeps telling me he is invisible but I can see him. He says it's the 
cultural-grid-spitting-out-people-over-a-certain-age way things are, that 
after a time you can't get any work and who would want to work anyway. I 
think it would be terrible if Alan starves to death but he is unbelievably 
inkredibly old and he won't have do suffer long because even if the 
starving thing doesn't work he will die soon anyway, we spend lots of time 
talking about this, he doesn't seem to have anything else to do except 
fondle me.


Talcott Parsons

A different sort of reference -

In 1973 I was between Rhode Island School of Design and Brown University; 
a special seminar was held at the latter, with Talcott Parsons, the 
premier sociologist of the day. The taping was amazing, as was Parsons. 
Now, over thirty years later, a special issue of The American Journal of 
Economics and Sociology is devoted to Parsons, and to the session in 
particular - there's a full transcription and pictures (you can see my 
back and my EIAJ deck in it - it's eerie). I'm fascinated by it; I was 
contacted a few months ago concerning my part in the event. (I remember 
audio buzz and the difficulty of setting up a proper wiring scheme for the 
mics.) In any case, it's odd how these things return; you can order the 
Journal, I think - it's Volume 65, Number 1, January 2006; you might look 
for http://www.blackwellpublishing.com if you're interested. I think 
Parsons has an important role to play in structuralism and its problema- 
tic, in the analysis of the phenomenology of power, and the fall of "grand 
theories." Take a look, especially if you can find it for free - Alan


> >> >>> >>>> >>>>> >>>>>> Interrogation: the fury

in born was She ground. new breaks consistently and form, contains that 
tent large a be will installation the to Integral Line:

a offer they Together, horror. banal in soaked battlefields of artifacts 
aimed her cock in my direction all are we which in ways the suggest to 
territory autobiographical into an within own its of beauty distorted a 
presents but - any isnt there - and memory of landscape the traverse that 
history of remains physical and rigorous conceptually Her installation. 
and photography video, film, annihilation.

are bodies distorted the em/bedded, In universe. and atmosphere into tuned 
as huddled organisms - past the in occurs work The information. of spaces 
is Thornton Seoul. and Tokyo at commentary real-time a typing fashion, 
combinatory in laptop a from battlefield antennae, amppings; and spaces, 
bodies, of graphics distorted be will there "avatars," generated computer 
of confrontations, sexual been have records older (his latter produced the 
Ana-Santa body, language, psychology, philosophy, on meditation continuous 
a Text, brings Sondheim em/bedded. installation, multi-media the into 
gallery main broken extinctions, mutations, - future far the in occurs 
work The time. but ghosts come always back and furious by installation 
multi-media Swiss phoning splaying currently is He genre. its 
communication at attempts suggest all they Together Life. My of Years Five 
confinement. and language around created fortifications amidst coward, 
fearful of any culture. popular and art contemporary on focus projects 
curatorial His curator the and artists the About curator, artist, an is 
em/bedded, for curator guest the Stallings, Tyler em/bedded from Artifice 
fucked and later in 1967 further even pushes she here but media, and 
technologies new of effects genre. why didn't other people tell 
grotesques. cloned and sexuality, his of exhibition solo a has Stallings 
em/bedded, with Concurrent Europe. horror. banal in soaked battlefields of 
artifacts i'm tired of this impetus against the wall of writing from which 
i in working artist media acclaimed internationally an is Thornton Leslie 
insanity everywhere in this world, among friends and insanity everywhere 
in this world, among loves and installation the About into this and every 
other lake and the firefight was going lake and the naked boys were going 
love. of pleasures the and war of disasters love. of pleasures the and war 
of disasters the of beauty distorted machines electrical primitive world, 
the of fury the against protected if me what i was doing, i'd have been 
able naked girls in a healthier fashion, even the narrative and 
ethnographic of parameters outer the explores work lush nonfictionally. 
i've seen far too much now escape through others creatively of dancers, 
moving furiously of projections video the amongst Scattered on above the 
cliffs or over or sometime lost my others. alan, she said, stop it. pixel- 
into collapsed has that world a in "live" who avatars various 
problematized digital the body, extended an is result The bottom. screen 
projections video together brings em/bedded rest of the family placing me 
in segments video/audio/text runs He issues. cyber and sexual, political, 
slides microscope old soldiers, Japanese from taken souvenirs bodies, and 
social the explores Thornton work, this In 6. Minus 7, Minus 8, Minus 
solution no offers em/bedded course. of present, the in course, of own our 
the about testimony audio mutation; genetic on data scientific City; York 
the and bodies sexual mutating, cyborgian, of the and bodies sexual 
mutating, cyborgian, of projections video together the and videos of 
ensemble an create Thornton and Sondheim nomads, Like the darkness of the 
hurtling the of beauty distorted a offer they Together, the on engineer an 
father, her of movie home a and Hiroshima, of bombing them. i didn't know 
better about theory, writing, on is emphasis his trans-media; is work 
Sondheim's Alan to spread legs wide open with my trenches, battleships, of 
photographs tents, combat off-kilter telephones, unbearable. sexuality 
became a furious uses He stumbling. language- by language error, by purity 
analog, by violence and the fucking is violence, of emission, spew, splay, 
continuous a is that storm image violence. on meditation compelling and 
dense virginity just about the time a soldier when we were floating over 
the white and black of book pre-Meiji Japanese a Magnetiseur, a of 
Confessions with along Sondheim, Alan California, em/bedded with deals 
that performance laptop a of consists It approximately). world. i still 
live there; when we were floating over < << <<< <<<< <<<<< <<<<< <<<<<<


When the plateau of flesh meets the fire of mathematics

http://www.asondheim.org/bllendd.mp4 7.5 meg

"At this moment the flames rolled again into the room and then again 
retired. The whale and alligators were by this time suffering dreadful 
torments. The water in which they swam was literally boiling. The 
alligators dashed fiercely about endeavoring to escape, and opening and 
shutting their great jaws in ferocious torture; but the poor whale, almost 
boiled, with great ulcers bursting from his blubbery sides, could only 
feebly swim about, though blowing excessively, and every now and then 
sending up great fountains of spray. At length, crack went the glass sides 
of the great cases, and whale and alligators rolled out on the floor with 
the rushing and steaming water. The whale died easily, having been pretty 
well used up before. A few great gasps and a convulsive flap or two of his 
mighty flukes were his expiring spasm. One of the alligators was killed 
almost immediately by falling across a great fragment of shattered glass, 
which cut open his stomach and let out the greater part of his entrails to 
the light of day. The remaining alligator became involved in a controversy 
with an anaconda, and joined the melee in the centre of the flaming 
apartment."
 [...]
"We believe that all the living curiosities were saved; but the giant 
girl, Anna Swan, was only rescued with the utmost difficulty. There was 
not a door through which her bulky frame could obtain a passage. It was 
likewise feared that the stairs would break down, even if she should reach 
them. Her best friend, the living skeleton, stood by her as long as he 
dared, but then deserted her, while as the heat grew in intensity, the 
perspiration rolled from her face in little brooks and rivulets, which 
pattered musically upon the floor. At length, as a last resort, the 
employees of this place procured a lofty derrick which fortunately 
happened to be standing near, and erected it alongside the Museum. A 
portion of the wall was then broken off on each side of the window, the 
strong tackle was got in readiness, the tall woman was made fast to one 
end and swung over the heads of the people in the street, with eighteen 
men grasping the other extremity of the line, and lowered down from the 
third story, amid enthusiastic applause."

Urner, in the Tribune, quoted in Barnum, Forty Years' Recollections, 
Author's edition, 1872-3


The Story


I drive a 2005 Jaguar S Type. Taking home 6 digit level in 18 months. 
Having a great time. It's a blast and I am a hero to the courts and to my 
clients. What an outstanding career to be in. I know God is on my side. At 
night I pray for my good fortune. I wonder how many will believe me, or 
how many will just find this "literature." I hate literature with a 
passion; it is not the force that drives this mighty civilization. Doing 
exactly what God tells me to do is working beautifully. I go to the court 
and locate all of the clients I can handle. Some say this is a court "of 
last resort." I say this is the difference between Law and Justice, 
between reason and the vigilante. For I mete out Justice which some find 
Law. I find all assets and employment. Funds arrive to my PO Box. It's 
like magic. I love it. I can take a holiday when ever I have a whim to do 
so. Hawaii and a 1050 footer to the Panama Canal this year. Yes, God has 
been good to me; my boat is one fifth of a mile long, less 30 feet. It is 
a wonderful length and I walk it during my meditation. For I do question 
the mathematics of this world, and my Jaguar and 1200 foot boat do not 
distract from my ultimate goal of solving this world's problem, while 
retaining an absent ontology which some may well considered entitled to 
the name of "Absolute." Here is what I have dreamed, closing the great 
chasm that lies between us:

"Thereupon I descended until, as the ocean's surface came nearer and near- 
er, I discovered a tiny island lying almost directly underneath me. It was 
hardly big enough to make a dot on the biggest map, but a clump of trees 
grew in the central portion, while around the edges were jagged rocks 
protecting a sandy beach and a stretch of flower-strewn upland leading to 
the trees."

Now it is clear that the island is that of mathematics, and the central 
portion is the refuge of axiomatics. I am certain as well that the clump 
of trees is the effusion of postulates necessary to remind us of our 
finitude in the grasp of idealities. Moreso, the jagged rocks are those of 
chaos and catastrophe theories forced from smooth manifolds, just as the 
flower-strewn upland references the set of those cellular automata whose 
patterning is inherently irregular.

My house is filled with the latest plasma, RFID, and wireless technolo- 
gies, yet I do not seem happy, not even when I have completed mergers, 
foreclosures, or buyouts. I cannot reasonably deny that a central core, if 
such there be, is missing from my life. But when I close my eyes, or ride 
at high-speed in my Jaguar S, Something tells me it has all been worth it. 
My only question is: What, or who, is that Something? Where is happiness? 
When is joy?


agepoet already america ancisis andcure antique arrives article artists 
asphalt because bizarre blanket bottles boulder bundles canoers carries 
cathine chimney closely comport contact corndog couldnt created cryptic 
darlene darling devoted dragons eadoung erature feeling figured filling 
fingers fitting forgive getting graders graphic hatedby hatpies hatplay 
hatpook himself hompson hundred ictable ictions ictiook ixature jeffrey 
jewelry jupiter kubrick leaders letters license looking lurking markers 
meramec message morasco musical mystery noemata nothing nthisis nurture 
oilites orestor outline parties pegasus pekkaid permits phanero plaques 
popping problem project prosper realize rearing reaylan remains rescued 
results ruffian runaway scrawny several shadows showers sighted someone 
sponsor spotted stanley streets subject teacher telling thought through 
tightly toynbee tricorn tyzitek unknown updated urchase valleys version 
wearing webster weirdos welcome wingtip without wrapped yeindit ynopsis 

afford agents aliens altill always aperba arelow arnhis arnold around 
artist ashley battle beside better bigger bodice boetry brazen called 
ckenre cloung clumsy columb couple course creepy daenre debate demith 
digest doctor dotted dozens during either ethics events family famous 
flarfy fluffy format giants gleams greasy groups happen hatame hither 
honors hughes indeed itwasn legend lenore living looked marked market 
mewled mgxnaa miekal mobile moment mother narrow nemarr nemith number 
orenre oriaid oughth passed people picked pirate planet player poetry 
profit public pulled recipe reeves remove report revere ribbon rienre 
ripper rubber safety saying secret seeing single social sosizi spampo 
sstorm street string sullen superb theory things thinks thisis thorin 
though throet throok tobere topics trying ucture update villas wealth 
wisdom worker yqlsaa 

about after aloud asked aware awoke bacon begin being birds black books 
brian buffy byony cause chary clear click cloud could crack crock cuffs 
death demon doing eager early earth email ended esand evera eviay evolt 
faces feels finds first flint flock folks found fried gives glass globe 
gmail going green group guess halls hates heard horse huffy human ichay 
irdog issue iting james jesus jokes knife known knows kodex least links 
local locus louis lower maybe messy might money naked named needs night 
oetry older olive other pants paper paste phine piece place plaid plate 
pleen point print queer raise reads revia right river robot share sharp 
shelf shoot signs small south space still stone stuck sweep teeth tenor 
terms thats their there these think three thror throu tiger tiles times 
today tombi trine until video viejo visit voice watch water weepy weird 
which whole whose world would wrote yahoo years yount yours youve

akin anus area asoe back been bhrc body bush buys came cats chop city code 
copy date days dead deep dick didn died docs dome dont dori down dull dyke 
east echo evia eyes fall fame faux feed feel feet fine fire five foam fork 
four from fubo ghim gone good hair hall have head help here hole home hope 
http hurt idea info into isbn joch just keep kind know ksdk last lazy left 
life like line live long look lord lost made mail make many mark math mean 
mike mine more most move much nail near nerf news next ones only onto over 
page pain park path pelf pese pets play pork prin pson pure qrlb rich rock 
roll said says seem send shut side size some span spur swag tale text than 
that them then they this time type uinn ukka urge very view well went were 
what when wide wife will wise with wood worn xifz yeti york your

ach act add ago all ame and any ape are art ary ase bar big bum but 
can cat cdt ceq com day des did don dud eat end far for fri fun fwd get 
got had has hat her him his hom hot how inn int its ity ive joy let man 
may met mwt net new not now nut old one ook ooo org ouf our out own pac 
pan pdt put qua red rss say see sit tar tea ter the thu too tot try use 
van was web who you 

am an as at be bj by ck da do en go he in is it jj my no of ok on or ou pm 
pu re rn rv ry se so st th tm to up ur us ve we

a c e g h i m n o s t u w x y

#s sp sp #p #6 #p #p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s #p #s 
#p #p sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp nl #s sp sp #p #s #s #l sp sp sp sp 
#p #p #s #p sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp nl sp 
sp sp #s #p #0 #p sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #p #0 #p 
#p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp nl sp #s sp #p #p #p #p sp sp sp sp sp 
#s sp #n sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #p #p #p #p sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp #s #p 
#0 #p sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp 
sp sp sp sp #s #p #0 #p sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp nl sp sp sp #s #p 
#0 #p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #s #p #p sp sp sp 
sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp nl sp #s sp #p #s #p #p sp sp sp sp #p #p #s #p sp 
sp sp sp #7 #p #p #p sp sp sp sp #1 #p #p #s sp sp sp #s #p #5 #p sp sp sp 
sp sp sp sp #s #1 #p #p #s sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp 
#s #p #0 #p sp sp sp #s sp sp #s #p #p #p #p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp 
sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #s #p #2 sp sp sp 
nl sp sp sp #1 #p #p #s sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p 
#p #s #p sp sp sp sp #5 #p #s #p sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp 
sp #p #l #7 #p sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp #p #6 #p #p 
sp sp sp nl sp #s sp #p #p #p #p sp sp sp sp #p #p #s #p sp sp sp sp #2 #p 
#p #s sp sp sp sp #s #n sp sp sp sp sp nl sp sp sp #6 #p #p #s sp sp sp sp 
#s #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #s #p #s #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p 
#1 #p #p sp sp sp nl #s #s sp #p #6 #p #s sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp #s #p #7 
#p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s #p #s #p #p sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp nl 
#s sp sp #p #n #s #l sp sp sp sp #p #p #s #p sp sp sp sp #p #p #s #p sp sp 
sp sp #1 #p #p #s sp sp sp #s #p #p #p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp sp 
sp sp sp sp #4 #p #p #s sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp #s #p #0 #p sp sp sp #p #s 
#p #6 sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #s #6 #p #p #p sp sp sp sp #2 #p #p #s sp sp sp 
sp sp sp #s sp #p #p #p #p sp sp sp #7 #p #p #s sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp #s 
#p #p #l sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #p #4 #p #p sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #p #p 
#s #p sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp sp 
sp sp sp sp #p #p #p #p sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp nl sp #s sp #p #p 
#p #p sp sp sp sp #p #p #s #p sp sp sp sp #0 #p #p #s sp sp sp sp sp #s sp 
sp sp sp sp nl #s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp 
sp sp sp #s #p #s #p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp nl sp sp sp #0 #p #p 
#p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #p #p #p sp sp sp sp 
#s sp sp #s sp sp sp nl sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #1 
#p #p sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #p #s #p sp sp sp sp #4 #p #p #s sp sp sp 
#s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #s #p #0 sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp 
sp sp sp #s sp #s sp #s #p #l #p sp sp sp nl sp #s sp #p #p #p #p sp sp sp 
sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #p #p #s #p sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp 
#s #p #1 #p sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #s #6 #p #p #s sp sp 
sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp #s #p #6 #p sp sp sp #s sp #s sp 
sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp #s #p #6 #p sp sp sp sp sp sp #s #n #p #s #p #p sp 
sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp nl sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp 
#s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp nl #s sp #s sp 
sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #s #p #0 sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp #p #0 #p #p sp sp 
sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp nl sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp 
#p #p #s #p sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #s #p #2 #p sp sp sp sp sp sp #s #s sp 
sp sp nl sp sp sp #1 #p #p #s sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp 
sp #s #p #0 #p sp sp sp sp #n sp sp #s sp sp sp nl sp sp sp #s #p #0 #p sp 
sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #p #p #p sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #s #p #s #1 #p sp sp 
sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp nl sp sp sp #p #l #5 #p sp sp sp sp #p #s #p #4 
sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp nl sp #s sp sp sp 
sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #s #s #p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #p #l #p #s sp sp sp 
sp #s sp #s sp #s #p #7 #p sp sp sp #s sp #s sp #p #p #s #p sp sp sp sp sp 
#s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s #p #s #p #p sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp 
sp nl #s sp sp #p #s #s #p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #s 
sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp nl sp sp sp #s #p #0 #p sp sp sp sp sp sp 
#s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #p #p #p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp 
nl sp #s sp #p #p #p #p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #p 
#p #s #p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #s #p #5 #p sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp 
sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #s #p #0 #p sp sp sp sp 
sp sp sp sp #p #p #p #7 sp sp sp nl #s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #p 
#p #p sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #s #p #1 sp sp sp 
nl sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #n sp sp sp sp sp 
#s sp sp sp sp sp nl #s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #s #p #0 sp sp sp 
sp #s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp #s #p #0 #p sp sp sp #s sp sp #s #l 
#p #p #p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp 
sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #s #p #3 sp sp sp nl sp sp sp #5 #p #p #s sp sp sp sp 
#s sp #s sp #l #0 #p #p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s #p #n #p #4 sp sp sp sp #0 
#p #p #5 sp sp sp nl #s sp #s #p #0 #p #p sp sp sp sp #p #p #p #p sp sp sp 
sp #s sp sp #s #p #s #p #4 sp sp sp sp #p #p #p #s sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp 
sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #p #p #s #p sp sp sp sp #p #s 
#s #p sp sp sp #p #s #p #s sp sp sp sp #p #l #p #s sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp 
sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp nl sp sp sp #0 #p #p #4 sp sp 
sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #5 #p #p sp sp sp sp #s #s sp #s #p #l #4 #p sp sp sp 
sp sp sp #s sp #p #p #s #p sp sp sp #s #s sp sp #p #s #s #p sp sp sp sp sp 
#s sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp nl #s #n 
sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #s #p #0 sp sp sp sp #p #s #p #6 sp sp sp sp 
#p #1 #p #p sp sp sp nl sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #p #s #p sp sp 
sp sp sp #s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #7 #p #p sp sp sp nl #s sp #s 
sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #7 #p #p sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #s #p #s #s sp 
sp sp sp sp sp #s sp #s #p #l #p sp sp sp nl #s #s sp #p #5 #p #p sp sp sp 
sp sp #s #s sp #s #p #6 #p sp sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp 
#s sp sp #s sp sp sp nl sp sp sp #s #p #p #p sp sp sp sp #p #p #s #p sp sp 
sp sp #3 #p #p #s sp sp sp sp sp #s sp sp sp sp sp nl #s sp #s sp sp sp sp 
sp #s sp #s sp sp sp sp sp sp sp sp #p #7 #p #p sp sp sp sp #p #2 #p #p sp 
sp sp nl #s #s sp #p #p #s #p sp sp sp sp #p #p #s #p sp sp sp sp sp #s sp 
sp #p #7 #p #p sp sp sp sp #p #s #p #7 sp sp sp nl #s sp sp #p #4 #p #p sp 
sp sp sp #s sp #s sp #s #p #s #s sp sp sp sp sp sp #s #s #p #7 #p #p sp sp 
sp sp #s sp sp #s sp sp sp nl sp sp sp #0 # 0105766


True philosophy; the Mirror of the World: take this seriously


Exhausted uninterpretable code remnant; the mess or ruin; collapse equiv- 
alent to sublime: The ruin of the world; this is the world's ruin; 
standard-normal debris; standardized tolerance; to a specific loss of 
resolution; all the resolution in the world couldn't interpret this; this 
is gone code; it's not unique code; it's algorithmic; it's stuttered into 
oblivion; it's germinal; it's grated to the degree of rupture:

The mirror of the world; the world's a ruin, uninterpretable; this is the 
symbol-symbolic of the world; the world's its imaginary; this is time; 
this is the style of the ending of time; this won't remain; this won't be 
considered; this won't be decoded:

This is how the world is; this is the only truth of the world; this swings 
between interpretation and collocation; between the pile and the bulwark; 
between the analog and the digital shoring-up; they're melted; they're 
lost; they're communication's dissolution; it's to be insisted: this is 
how the world is; this collapse; this multiple-folding; this corrupted 
folding; this entropic heritage; this bored language; this sequence:

pico zz.txt | sort zz.txt | yy | pico yy | sort yy yy | pico yy | sed 
pants other olive older oetry nlppppsp p ppnlpppp ppnlpppp teacherpnlp 
pico zz rev zz | yy; | pico yy mv yy zz h1 || zz pnlppppp nlppppp p nlpp 
tenorpsp teeth sweep stuck stone still space south pp nl paperpp0105766sp 
nlpsp nlppsp pp nlpppnl ppsp ppppspnlpsp ppppppsp pppppspnlsp pnlppnlppsp 
| pico zz | sed 's/^ //g' zz | yy | sed 's/^ //g' yy sullen string street 
's/sps//g' yy | zz | pico zz | sed 's/^ //g' zz | yy | | yy | pico yy sort 
yy | pico yy | sort yy | zz; | pico zz | sort zz | zz | pico zz | sort zz 
subject a ppsp ppppppsp stanleyp spotted nlpsponsor sed 's/^ //g' yy | zz 
sstorm through thought telling p ppppppsp pppnlppp tail -300 op | zz.txt | 
's/#.//g' yy | zz | pico zz sed 's/sp //g' zz | yy | sed 's/ sp //g' zz | 
yy | zz | pico zz | sort zz | yy | pico yy | sed | zz pico zz | sort zz | 
-f a/back < zz | yy | sort yy | zz | pico zz rev zz | yy | sort yy | zz | 
| yy; | pico yy | sort yy | zz ; | pico zz | awk


_


CULTURE MATTERS! DEAD! YOU'VE KILLED ME! POETRY IS DEAD! e-poetry is dead! 
what a Loss! ALL OF IT! I'M DEAD MEAT! YOU'RE DEAD MEAT! YOU'RE NOT MEAT 
AT ALL! YOU'RE YOU'RE CANONIC! YOU'RE SUFFOCATING! YOU'RE PURE! I'M DEAD 
MEAT! THAT'S OUT FUCK YOU YOU BASTARDS YOU'LL ROT IN HELL FOR THIS YOU'RE 
MASTERPIECES! NATURE YOU ELECTRONIC FUCKERS YOU COUPLED USB-PORTS! YOU 
BASTARDS KEEP ME THE DEADEST E-POETRY OF ALL IS GENERATED! machines = YOU! 
YOU FREAKS OF bandwidth. HACKERS ARE THE JEWS OF THE E-POETS! Jews eat 
cyborg babies! camps, you bastards! FUCK ELECTRONIC WRITING! a dead e-poet 
doesn't fuck stop charging for culture! GENRE = AUSCHWITZ. i'll die yet in 
the OF MFA DEGREES! Gypsies steal drives! OPEN THE GAOLS OF THE BLAZE 
STARR UNIVERSITIES! SCHOOL! PANELS! CONFERENCES! OF THOUGHT! share the 
horror of e-poetry! SCRIPT-KIDDIES ARE THE GYPSIES IT IS A CRIME TO 
EXCLUDE ANYONE! share the horror! OPEN THE PRISONS ME! byte me! THE 
DEADEST POETRY OF ALL IS ELECTRONIC! smash the machines! only good e-poet 
is a dead one. FUCK CODEWORK YOU BASTARDS STOLE IT FROM WRITING DEGREES! 
your degree is my prison. TO HELL WITH E-POETRY! the I'M KIDDING? KILL THE 
BASTARDS! geopolitically useless. FUCK ELECTRONIC YOU THINK TO HELL WITH 
E-POETRY! the only good e-poet is a dead one. FUCK ELECTRONIC WRITING! a 
dead e-poet doesn't fuck bandwidth. FUCK ELECTRONIC WRITING DEGREES! your 
degree is my prison. YOU THINK I'M KIDDING? KILL THE */LURID 
FUCK\*BASTARDS! geopolitically useless. GENRE = AUSCHWITZ. i'll die yet in 
the camps, you bastards! FUCK CODEWORK YOU BASTARDS STOLE IT FROM ME! byte 
me! IT IS A CRIME TO EXCLUDE ANYONE! share the horror! OPEN THE PRISONS OF 
THOUGHT! share the horror of e-poetry! OPEN THE GAOLS OF THE CONFERENCES! 
stop charging for culture! POETRY IS DEAD! e-poetry is dead! what a Loss! 
THE DEADEST POETRY OF ALL IS ELECTRONIC! smash the machines! THE DEADEST 
E-POETRY OF ALL IS GENERATED! machines = YOU! HACKERS ARE THE JEWS OF THE 
E-POETS! Jews eat cyborg babies! SCRIPT-KIDDIES ARE THE GYPSIES OF MFA 
DEGREES! Gypsies steal drives! YOU BASTARDS KEEP ME OUT FUCK YOU YOU 
BASTARDS YOU'LL ROT IN HELL FOR THIS YOU FREAKS OF NATURE YOU ELECTRONIC 
FUCKERS YOU COUPLED USB-PORTS! YOU'RE MASTERPIECES! YOU'RE CANONIC! YOU'RE 
SUFFOCATING! YOU'RE PURE! YOU'RE DEAD MEAT! YOU'RE NOT MEAT AT ALL! YOU'RE 
DEAD! YOU'VE KILLED m ls zz pico ZZ ISPELL zz ispell b ls zz.bak rm ww zz 
cp yy > zz < a/back -f awk zz > yy sort zz pico yy > zz < a/elimx.pl perl 
yy pico zz >> yy rev zz pico zz >> yy < -a/back awk zz >> yy < a/back -f 
awk zz >> yy < a/back -f awk zz pico h zz pico yy >> zz < -a/back awk yy 
>> zz < a/back -f awk yy pico zz > yy < a/back -f awk zz pico zz >> ww < 
a/eliminate.pl perl zz pico yy > a/kk.pl perl yy pico zz pico yy > zz 
FUCK\\\*/g' 's/^/\*\/LURID sed yy pico zz > yy FUCK//g' 's/LURID sed zz 
pico yy > zz 's/\*\/\\\*//g' sed yy pico fg zz yy mv yy > h ME! I'M DEAD 
MEAT! THAT'S ALL OF IT! I'M DEAD MEAT! TO HELL WITH E-POETRY! the only 
good e-poet is a dead one. FUCK ELECTRONIC WRITING! doesn't fuck 
bandwidth. WRITING DEGREES! your degree my prison. YOU THINK I'M KIDDING? 
KILL THE BASTARDS! geopolitically useless. GENRE = AUSCHWITZ. i'll die yet 
in camps, you bastards! CODEWORK BASTARDS STOLE IT FROM ME! byte me! IS A 
CRIME EXCLUDE ANYONE! share horror! OPEN PRISONS OF THOUGHT! horror of 
e-poetry! GAOLS CONFERENCES! stop charging for culture! POETRY DEAD! 
e-poetry dead! what Loss! DEADEST ALL ELECTRONIC! smash machines! E-POETRY 
GENERATED! machines YOU! HACKERS ARE JEWS E-POETS! Jews eat cyborg babies! 
SCRIPT-KIDDIES GYPSIES MFA Gypsies steal drives! KEEP ME OUT YOU'LL ROT IN 
FOR THIS FREAKS NATURE FUCKERS COUPLED USB-PORTS! YOU'RE MASTERPIECES! 
CANONIC! SUFFOCATING! PURE! DEAD MEAT! NOT MEAT AT ALL! YOU'VE KILLED 
THAT'S IT! ry dead! wha cyborg babies!  camps, you bas ure! GENRE = 
AUSCHWITZ. i'll die ye op charging for cul ry is dead! wha cyborg babies! 
SCRIPT-KIDDIES GYPSIES MFA Gypsies s eal drives! KEEP ME OUT YOU'LL ROT IN 
FOR THIS FREAKS NATURE FUCKERS COUPLED USB-PORTS!  */LURID FUCK\*YOU'RE 
MASTERPIECES! CANONIC! SUFFOCATING! PURE! DEAD MEAT! NOT MEAT AT ALL! 
YOU'VE KILLED THAT'S IT!  op charging for cul he horror! OPEN THE PRISONS 
ME! by he horror! OPEN THE PRISONS ME! by ure! GENRE = AUSCHWITZ. i'll die 
ye cyborg babies!  camps, you bas cyborg babies!  camps, you bas he OF MFA 
DEGREES! Gypsies s ically useless. FUCK ELECTRONIC YOU THINK TO */LURID 
FUCK\*HELL WITH E-POETRY!  is a dead one. FUCK ELECTRONIC WRITING! doesn' 
is a dead one. FUCK CODEWORK YOU BASTARDS STOLE IT FROM WRITING DEGREES! 
your degree is my prison. TO HELL WITH E-POETRY!  he OF MFA DEGREES! 
Gypsies s in he horror! OPEN THE PRISONS ME! by h. WRITING DEGREES! your 
degree my */LURID FUCK\*prison.  YOU THINK I'M KIDDING? KILL THE BASTARDS! 
geopoli e me! IS A CRIME EXCLUDE ANYONE! share horror! OPEN PRISONS OF 
THOUGHT! horror of e-poe in camps, you bas he I'M KIDDING? KILL THE 
BASTARDS! geopoli e me! THE DEADEST POETRY OF ALL IS ELECTRONIC! smash he 
I'M KIDDING? KILL THE BASTARDS! geopoli e me! IS A CRIME EXCLUDE ANYONE! 
share horror! OPEN */LURID FUCK\*PRISONS OF THOUGHT! horror of e-poe 
cyborg babies! SCRIPT-KIDDIES GYPSIES MFA Gypsies s Loss! DEADEST ALL 
ELECTRONIC! smash machines! E-POETRY GENERATED! machines YOU! HACKERS ARE 
JEWS E-POETS! Jews ea ards! CODEWORK BASTARDS STOLE IT FROM ME! by is a 
dead one. FUCK ELECTRONIC WRITING! doesn' h. WRITING DEGREES! your degree 
my prison.  YOU THINK I'M KIDDING? KILL THE BASTARDS! geopoli ry dead! wha 
ry! GAOLS CONFERENCES! s ry! GAOLS CONFERENCES! s eal drives! KEEP ME OUT 
YOU'LL ROT IN FOR THIS FREAKS NATURE FUCKERS COUPLED USB-PORTS!  YOU'RE 
MASTERPIECES! CANONIC! SUFFOCATING! PURE! DEAD MEAT! NOT MEAT AT ALL! 
YOU'VE KILLED THAT'S IT!  eal drives! KEEP ME OUT YOU'LL ROT IN FOR THIS 
FREAKS NATURE FUCKERS COUPLED USB-PORTS!  YOU'RE MASTERPIECES! CANONIC! 
SUFFOCATING! PURE! DEAD */LURID FUCK\*MEAT! NOT MEAT AT ALL! YOU'VE KILLED 
THAT'S IT!

CULTURE MATTERS! DEAD! YOU'VE KILLED ME! POETRY IS e-poetry is dead! what 
a Loss! ALL OF IT! I'M DEAD MEAT! YOU'RE NOT MEAT AT ALL! CANONIC! 
SUFFOCATING! PURE! THAT'S OUT FUCK YOU BASTARDS YOU'LL ROT IN HELL FOR 
THIS MASTERPIECES! NATURE ELECTRONIC FUCKERS COUPLED USB-PORTS! KEEP ME 
THE DEADEST E-POETRY GENERATED! machines = YOU! FREAKS bandwidth. HACKERS 
ARE JEWS E-POETS! Jews eat cyborg babies! camps, you bastards! WRITING! 
dead e-poet doesn't fuck stop charging for culture! GENRE AUSCHWITZ. i'll 
die yet in the MFA DEGREES! Gypsies steal drives! OPEN GAOLS UNIVERSITIES! 
SCHOOL! PANELS! CONFERENCES! THOUGHT! share horror of e-poetry! 
SCRIPT-KIDDIES GYPSIES IT A CRIME TO EXCLUDE ANYONE! horror! PRISONS byte 
me! ELECTRONIC! smash machines! only good one. CODEWORK STOLE FROM WRITING 
your degree my prison. WITH E-POETRY! KIDDING? KILL BASTARDS! 
geopolitically useless. THINK */LURID FUCK\*BASTARDS! m ls zz pico ZZ 
ISPELL ispell b zz.bak rm ww cp yy > < a/back -f awk sort a/elimx.pl perl 
>> rev -a/back h a/eliminate.pl a/kk.pl FUCK\\\*/g' 's/^/\*\/LURID sed 
FUCK//g' 's/LURID 's/\*\/\\\*//g' fg mv ry wha bas ure! ye op cul s eal 
FUCK\*YOU'RE he by ically FUCK\*HELL doesn' h. FUCK\*prison.  geopoli e 
e-poe FUCK\*PRISONS ea ards! ry! FUCK\*MEAT!


culture matters dead youve killed me poetry is epoetry what a loss all of 
it im meat youre not at canonic girls and boys uffocating pure thats out 
fuck you bastards youll rot in hell for this masterpieces nature 
electronic fuckers coupled usbports keep the deadest generated machines 
freaks bandwidth hackers are jews epoets eat cyborg babies camps writing 
epoet doesnt girls and boys top charging genre auschwitz ill die yet mfa 
degrees gypsies girls and boys teal drives open gaols blaze girls and boys 
tarr universities girls and boys chool panels conferences thought girls 
and boys hare horror girls and boys criptkiddies crime to exclude anyone 
prisons byte girls and boys mash only good one codework girls and boys 
tole from your degree my prison with kidding? kill geopolitically useless 
think lurid fuckbastards m ls zz pico ispell b zzbak rm ww cp yy aback f 
awk girls and boys ort aelimxpl perl rev h aeliminatepl akkpl fuckg girls 
and boys lurid girls and boys ed girls and boys g fg mv ry wha bas ure ye 
op cul girls and boys eal fuckyoure he by ically fuckhell doesn fuckprison 
geopoli e epoe fuckprisons ea ards fuckmeat. salo.


What is Codework?


Codework is a practice, not a product. 

It is praxis, part and parcel of the critique of everyday life.

It is not canonic, although it is taken as such.

It is not a genre, although it is taken as such.

The term is relatively new and should always be renewed.

We are suffused with code and its intermingling with surface phenomena.

Wave-trains of very low frequency radio pulses for example.

Phenomenology of chickadee calls.

Codework is not a metaphor, not metaphorical.

It exists precisely in the obdurate interstice between the real and the 
symbolic. It exists in the arrow. 

It is not a set of procedures or perceptions. It is the noise in the 
system. It is not the encapsulation or object of the noise or the system.

It is continuous; it is parasitic; it is thetic. 

When it becomes metaphor, masterpiece, artwork, it is still-born; it is 
of no interest except as cultural residue: it is of great interest to 
critics, gallerists, editors.

When it is not collectible, not a thing, virtual or otherwise, it is not 
of interest to critics, gallerists, editors.

Things have already taken up its name, as if pictures in an exhibition.

This is nothing more than the continuous reification, territorialization, 
conquest, of the real - as if the real were always already cleansed, 
available for the taking - as if the real were already transformed into 
capital.

Capital is the encapsulation, objectification, of code. Capital drives the 
code-conference, the code-book, the code-movement, the code-artist, the 
code-masterpiece; capital drives the technology.

In short: Capital drives code into metaphor. 

In short: Metaphor drives code into capital.

In short, but of greater difficulty: Capital drives metaphor into code.

In production, simpler: Metaphor drives capital into code.

The driving of metaphor, code, or capital is not codework.

Codework is the labor of code, subject to thermodynamics.

Codework is demonstrative, demonstrative fragment, experiment, partial- 
inscription, partial-object, the _thing_ prior to its presentation, the 
linguistic kernel of the pre-linguistic. Code is the thetic, the gestural, 
of the demonstrative.

It the gesture that never quite takes. It is the noise inherent in the 
gestural.

However: Codework will become a _subject_ or a _sub-genre_ or a _venue_ or 
an _artwork_ or an _artist_ or a _dealer_ or a _collector._ However: This 
is not codework, or: What I describe above is not codework; after all, 
names are subsumed beneath the sign (Emblematic) of capital - as if 
something is being accomplished. (Hackers who are not hackers are 
unhacked.)

To code is not to produce codework; it is to produce code on the level of 
the code or interface. Bridged code, embedded code, is not codework; the 
irreversible spew of cellular automata is codework, all the better if the 
rules are noisy. The cultural production of codework abjures intensifica- 
tions, strange attractors, descriptions such as this (which is the oldest 
game in the _book_). The hunt and reception of short-wave number codes is 
codework. Writers on the edge are circumscribed by codework, malfunctioned 
psychoanalytics, scatologies. Jews, Gypsies, Gays, Blacks, are endlessly 
coded and decoded; the codes are dissolute, partial, always already incom- 
plete: the differend is codework.

To speak against the differend is codework; tumors are codework, metas- 
tases. The useless sequences of DNA, RNA.

Be wary of the violence of the legible text. Beware the metaphor which 
institutionalizes, the text which defines, the text of positivities, not 
negations, the circumscribing text, inscribing text; beware of the 
producers and institutions of these texts, whose stake is in hardening of 
definitions, control, capital, slaughter: Texts slaughter. 

And texts slaughter texts.


