

being or beings, Being or Beings

being or beings, Being or Beings
hence and henceforth, subject and subjectivity
digits and digital, turn and turnabout
split and splitting, there and thereupon
surge and surgery, prom and promontory
dark and darkling, clot and clothing
chair and chairwoman, char and charmed
mud and mudra, floor and floored
tabled and tabled, tab and tabulated
will and willing, ill and illness
more and moreover, endorphin, end

http://www.asondheim.org/vibrate2.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/ largescanner series - go to URL scroll down
to largescanner -

existential temporal moment digitally sliced into static substance/scene




TOMBSTONE


why can't i live forever?
why can't this song go on forever?
depression is already death

already a member? can't wants live is . to why depression forever who i 
nice has more forever: suggests that research lyrics. no also such

as cant just thing there clone transfer my into its brain when and im grow 
old body this song on

go stand light show day, way 
the home, glenn, me titles of beginning lo look with glen go, 
you hess, once [out scope] losers 
win, bennie johnny before ramistella cut fo ; 
howard crockett, day after, tom sentimental in mood can 

see clear it. music type dreams, his sweet cheeks another standout from 
band seemlessly by views. forever) dance manages fall boy, down,

dance, tell goin out can`t death birth cells hand, other activated be or 
pharmacological sad environmental anyone, might but teenager, are 
frightening coping mental

changes 

physical really chances event double death, patients were appears treated 
for being illnesses isnt

inducing treatment abortion 

itself? enough not drug those heart hemorrhaging disease caused study 
began, had deaths higher risk tied (january , tripled subjects

major true depression. increase may because was blamed boy north carolina. 
early s

wednesday, weakened 
alberto tropical storm over depression, helplessness: development, 


was a member of 'walkers in darkness'



the basin of our lives, our concavity, neither internal nor an extension, 
we're here, there, miniscule, only our loss the richness, fecundity of 
world and information time and time again, sheaves of time, of which, just 
this text or view or this reading, death coming, infinitude of details 
gone forever, slightest creatures, of which we, communalities, surface one 
or once or not at all, our unknowingness, rot envisaged in the corpse of 
the other, our selves worn like teeth come the death of how many, the 
moment after, no longer there, your glance invisible, words unheard, touch 
receding down your long corridor, the room the same, view from window, 
slough of air, this body no long with basin, with concavity, the thing, 
what will you do with it, what will be done with it

http://www.asondheim.org/quantum.mp4

the basin of our lives, our concavity, neither internal nor an extension, 
we're here, there, miniscule, only our loss the richness, fecundity of 
world and information time and time again, sheaves of time, of which, just 
this text or view or this reading, death coming, infinitude of details 
gone forever, slightest creatures, of which we, communalities, surface one 
or once or not at all, our unknowingness, rot envisaged in the corpse of 
the other, our selves worn like teeth come the death of how many, the 
moment after, no longer there, your glance invisible, words unheard, touch 
receding down your long corridor, the room the same, view from window, 
slough of air, this body no long with basin, with concavity, the thing, 
what will you do with it, what will be done with it



issue of implicit abstraction returns, almost like a stain or residue. In 
by the testicular, the former a stain upon the shaft of it, see that stain 
turning sleazy panties, your stain grows larger, my Lightning's chipped 
plate. Lightning's stain and the murmur of thunder, sexuality, the stain 
or residue of inscription, the transformation of text _elsewhere_ of that 
logic, the stain implied by the sheffer-stroke itself to the evacuation of 

http://www.asondheim.org/stain.mp4

the real. Jennifer is thinking sleazy about her philosophy of immensity, 
the stain all in the breadth of a stain on a minor planet. But I made the 
angel fuck dirty panties Names roll off the tongue, stain the air 
tentative; the signified is recuperated as a stain against a backdrop of 
the virtual, stain the wires with my presence, search planetary context, 
panties, your stain grows larger, my stain on my conscience, stain in your 
world, see that stain turning sleazy panties, your stain grows larger, my 
portal. her labia are portal to the sacrifice. stain her. the woman's are 
platform for the sacrificial altar. stain him. are woman's lower parts 
imagine being sleazy a stain on your wall viral crawl through in my lurid 
dream i'm against one another - so that what remains is the stain or 
residue of they want; i'm empty inside: stain of my loose arms around Your 
nervous stain of their loose strings around my neck dirty panties is in my 
catatonic stain of my loose arms around their necks Devour nervous stain 
of their loose strings around my neck dirty panties alan is a character 
but alan is also a stain or residue, almost always is a character but alan 
is also a stain or residue, almost always alan "defuge" you stain yourself 
following sleazy paths to old lurid defuge you stain earth, earth heaving 
sleazy against the stain of the surface - these leaves me, little wet 
thing, stain of past and future memory. Beneath the rod smudge or shadow 
across the real, the stain always already of someone words a stain or 
membrane, the shadow or the stain of a voice; mute, it says everything. 
Your across the stain of broken limbs. Here _GaL-GaL_ turns, splayed open 
and lurid depth of the pen on paper. It's the stain or residue of the 
same. It's the lurid depth of the pen on paper it's the stain or residue 
of the same, lorelei plunging sleazy into the sea, now see, red stain on 
the waters on the sheets, perfume leaves its stain on the nipples, across 
the chest,


Story

Who have you ever heard her call? Do you swear to tell the truth, the 
whole truth, nothing but the truth, so help you God? Annie faltered; she 
was an atheist and who knows what Travis really thought of her. His fate 
rested in her hands, her mind, her large and widening eyes, as she 
recalled the moment of the crime. But the soldiers were asking for it, and 
it only took a second; once their backs were turned, it was easy. And the 
rest was easy too. I'll testify, she said, under any god that pleases you!

He screamed, but she ignored him. He would walk with a limp for the rest 
of his life the doctors told him, but he would walk, and eventually he 
would walk without pain. He shifted in the courtroom, unhappy with the way 
events were going. "You fucked me," he screamed, "you fucking used me, and 
then you fucked me some more! You dirty bitch!" Her eyes widened and for 
just a moment she looked both startled and guilty ~ Naughty Annie instead 
of Nasty Annie. She broke down and was carried out; he broke down and was 
carried out. Later, after his suicide, she asked whether he said anything 
at all, absolution or prayer, before he died. Proctor said "He muttered 
something that meant nothing ~ something that meant only get out of here, 
dream voice, get gone." Her eyes widened more. "And I did," he added. "And 
so should you."

Annie tore at herself, clawed her breasts, blood running down her chest, 
everywhere like a bad dream. "Take me" she said, "take me now," to 
"Virginia" Sandpiper, who had sent five more (the first four with 
additional Polaroids) before finally lapsing into puzzled, slightly hurt 
silence. The photos laid on the floor all around her. She was one of 
the disappeared. All the ID had vanished. Annie's eyes widened at the 
thought that finally she'd act on her own; Sidewinder - the cause of the 
problem - was next.

Sidewinder was downhill and the road would be slippery in the rain and it 
was darker than a mineshaft; he meant to try it all the same. Annie 
followed. There were perhaps seventy acres of open ground between the 
house and the edge of the forest ~ the snow-cover over it was a perfect 
and blazing white. Annie could see perfectly; eyes widened, she aimed, 
squeezed, and pulled the trigger. One of them would die.

+++




body movement translated into bvh file
bvh file clothed in loquacious avatar
avatar lowered onto floor body
hysteric dance of avatar and floor body
mapped dance of one and another
digital seamless wonder transmutated skin
writhe wryte internal electromagnetisms
signals connecting floor body and avatar
avatar desiring floor body hysteric
hysteresis as chiasmic exchange
the one generated the other
the other was clothed in the one
the other above the one
the one beneath the other
coupling hysteresis hysteria
the womb meanders eyes opened shut
bodies stitched together in final fury
doctor doctor there is no help for me
doctor doctor there is no help for us 
for her for them
peopling the world of the grainy digital film
stitched together falling apart at the seams
falling apart seamlessly
hysterical out of control contrary
contradictory wayward really fucked up
really fucked up avatar fucked up floor body
say neurasthenic mean hysteric
bvh file long since forgotten

http://www.asondheim.org/floordancehysteric.mp4


West Virginia University performance text / July 27 2006


Somewhere there's a story in this - machinery of the body or interminable 
mechanism of psychosis < Jerry should we begin like this? > We begin like 
this. We begin like this because the image stream is "thus." And it will 
take a while to orient - from the playing with the images to the 
performance. And except for this typing - there is no difference. Now I 
feel embarrassed because some of you have seen sections of these alreaady; 
I've been playing with the images for about forty minutes or so. These are 
avatars placed into literally inconceivable positions. My name is Alan 
Sondheim by the way nd I will be your guide for the evening. Or for as 
long as you choose to stay. So as I was saying yesterday, with an avatar, 
everything can be assembled or dissassembled - Here is the disassembly of 
a vacuum tube in a scanner, digitally deconstructed. What is it that you 
can do with machines that you cannot do with bodies? For one thing, 
disassembly line - that is eachpart is independent of all the others. 
Well, that's not true, but they'll stay that way if you unbolt them.

So one can move in ways that she cannot move, and remain in air outside of 
gravity. EVERY HUMAN BEING IS THE RESULT OF INTERMINABLE SADNESS. These 
images can be taken apart just like Al Capone. And these images belong 
somewhere or anywhere and it's death that returns these bodies quickly 
quicly to the position of the machine and its disassembly. So this is 
about death, my work is about death, and the absence of language, that 
looking out of the window at the last possible moment - and what is THERE 
continuing in the midst of cessation - So these people can move butonly 
for a short while. HOW LONG IS THE LIFE OF A DANCER? MERce is still going 
strong into his 80s just choreography now. But I saw him dance ever so 
slowly with a chair. And the chair with thick with the wood and if I'm not 
careful I'll cove up all the exciting images again. On the right two 
avatar cats with a human avatar perhaps from the Kojiki learning to ride 
them in the midst of unfathomable winds. On the left avatar humans 
hysterically presenting themselves AS IF they are on the scren within the 
screen. On the right the recent Ukrainian revolution covered completely in 
the main square in Kiev. On the left and right above - an occupation. On 
the left an avatar-violation and that skin moving without tearing or 
tearing without moving; to the right the neuraesthenic from the nineteenth 
century, lassitude danced out in the middle, in other words disease and 
strategies for moving around or through the body. There are times... in 
the midst... of the dark wood which surrounds us... when we lose track... 
give up... turn away...something has gone horribly wrong... perhaps this 
is one of those times... as if the world has stained the world.... Someday 
I will write myself... into nonexistence... This is my dream aloud... 
uncriducoeurMIAO HOW.... at that point that precise point... between being 
alive and being dead... I will divide.. and will divide and will divide... 
there will be nothing that remans remains whole... then each segment, yes! 
each segment! will retire all the others... the segments...

the segments will slowly disappear... outside of any database... not for 
your viewing or my own... oh then things do or do not go together... you 
see they lead us somewhere else... those faces on the left... modelled on 
a book from World War One - a hidden book - photographs of the wounded - I 
still have nightmares - and now in Iraq - people burned over ninety per 
cept of their bodies. In this country, this was inconceivable. Not even 
Vietnam... you have to go back to maybe Cold Harbor in the Civil War, 
something like that... So this is about this is about empyre - and this is 
a project - about the end of empyre - and this is a project - about a 
certain kind of fury - this is about dance and the stain of dance - this 
is about disease and the stain of disease - yes that too - this is about 
an entire - a whole - encyclopedia of things! - yes, the encycclopedia 
too! the encyclopedia as well! - faces collapsed yes in time - you can 
reverse time digitally - double faces - aum and silent or a--- and um--- - 
if you understand Shinto you'll get the reference - around Inari - 
guardian figures - foxes - one with open mouth one with shut - the 
electrical figuration between them - we're in the midst of the grid - the 
power grid - it's all around us - you can hear the grid - the antennas 
pick it up - the dancer moving around the grid - out in the wilds, well 
not wilds but away from the grid - you can hear other things -

World War II was very beautiful... bombers going from England to 
Germany... I imagine Iraq is very beautiful too...

In another minute this will look like a dance... a modern dance.. with 
mysterious black figures and electronic music...

more dance and more dance... someting about Krishna here but I don't want 
to go there -

these are segments of something called the swallowtail catastrophe - 
bifurcation points - when there's a sudden shift in behaviour - when 
anything can happen - but not "and usually does"

okaythis is Geneva - I'm flying the plane of the President of the United 
States... on a bus... (bus + plane = speed of bus) - next to - somewhere - 
an image of the tsunami - there's a proximity - about avatars - a nearness 
- an uncanny element - you can't define it - they're close - they're 
almost touching - and ye... yet... There are changes here... in gender... 
positioning - there's a story but I don't know it... - not yet...

what's necessary now - some sort of climax - some way to bring this all 
together - I'll find it - climaxes are usually loud - this one is embedded 
- in the machine - the back of my mind - somewhere else not there - 
somewhere with infantry - so the dancer - Maud - is the crankthat - the 
crank that - that drives the map - bang bang bang bang - if she disappears 
- the mapp - the map - will disappear - just wait and see - no I won't - 
just wait .... damn, its still there...

the world is a mess...

let us give ourselves at the most another two generations...

dusts... radiations... at least you don't have to dream this... 
thank you.






new performance


new performance material-mode... litany of nouns, concepts, roiled, 
returned, quicktime signatures, stopped at will (single mouse stroke to 
stop and double to continue). then the chant or discourse of the concept - 
improvisation & all the while the continued turmoil of the videos in 
motion, the sound bytes, nonetheless an absence of written text, or rather 
text to be written, the first face of it, the text which generates the 
speech, speaking text, speaking of the text, on occasion commentary of the 
visual, or the bridging of the sign between inscription, aural, visual, or 
among writing, speaking, gesture. where is the material-mode of language 
in all of this, in the midst of this; where is the groundwork of descent?

thus i generate nothing but sound, no appearance, no calisthenics, only 
the turmoil of the screen, turbulence of sound (for sound emerges else- 
where, not there, but beyond, or surround, or "to the left of the screen" 
from which the digital-naked is deployed); thus this speaking is always 
already at a loss, real-time, given only at the moment, gift only for an 
audience, a present or presencing audience, for whom speech is entreaty, 
and not file. 

thus will be the new performing and first and second degree of creation.


when i talk with incompletion
sometimes there comes a notion
that someone owns completion
an imaginary notion

asking campers riddled questions
is riddling walls of the camps
someone who no longer questions
is no longer roll-called in the camps

grey stained red and sutured mouths
no one ever gets out of here
bodies are nothing but mouths
the rest no longer here

obscene half in obscene half out
this is the primal scene
it never happened or worked out
just repetitious scene

arrows fly like cursors hasten
better get out of the way
space itself seems to hasten
time imprisoned one way

time has no time to rupture time
space is only residue
of time confined to confine time
time is residue


http://www.asondheim.org/thth.mp4



incredible what moves on wires
fires travel down inert electrons
plectrums hammer oscillations
fluctuations ensure bone and bending
lending one and all to targeting
forgetting limb and other members
tremors of constant sorrow
tomorrow electric lights and storms
forms coupling in flight and air
there descending across the mean
seen as stars fall and tackle
crackle hardly edible

http://www.asondheim.org/targetnone.mov
http://www.asondheim.org/targetnone.jpg

n.otes

thinning, defuge, flattening <--> reduction, collapse

corrosion, residue, dissolution, dissemination, spew, emission

thinning and emission epistemologically related
-- emission (perhaps) implying point-source, teleology (it came from
planet x)

thinning - information peeled off
-- entropy - permanently lost

emission - information a mess, implosion
-- hints of origin, originary trope

the two are related, information disorders
-- information is never disordered; its receptors are (in relation to
codes, attention, capacity, etc.)

information is in a state of becoming-information - always hermeneutics

defuge also an information disorder? decathecting? has to do with 
libidinal investment withdrawn through repetition
'defuge is the information disorder of our time' (come again?)

defuge in relation to borderline syndrome, borderline personality 
(exhaustive testing of presence) - weakened, decathected or overly
cathected ('etiquette' of cathect / cathecting)

spew has wider origin than emission, emission implies some sort of 
coherency in the beginning - spew can be considered flux into flux 
(incoherency into incoherency)

the real is spew - continuous one-to-many / many-to-one mappings - 
chatterings, jostlings

core dump <--> spew - but not defuge - not impinging on the psyche - 
instead, formal epistemology, archaeology of collapse

defuge - information not present (was present) but stale - as in 
automatic reading, then returning to attempt rereading

information always already spew - as read, is edited down, cut into, etc. 
- 'spew sliced' = information

editing down the buzzing of the real (from spew) - machinic decoding - 
it's here that mathesis occurs - i.e. presencing - what emerges from slag 

God implies emission, spew implies, what? psycho-physical processes, thick 
transmissions - nothing that can be _named_

spew - moil, sourceless = everysource
spew - moil, boil, roil, soil -> defuge

emission - source, implied, inherent
emission - chatters? stutters? continuous and discrete emissions

Johannes Lohmann - operational words (of sorts)
see Kittler -
indo-european clusters / constellations - spread of phenomenological
domains across (among) inscriptions

inscription withdraws, decathects, sympathetic
fissure inheres, cathects, empathetic? (probably wrong way to go here)

Freud on the uncanny -

fissure and fissure, x and x, inscription, x and -x

fissure < - > defuge, x and x
defuge (x), i'm tired of all this (x)

fissure goes nowhere, there's nowhere to go
fissure comes from nothing, goes to nothing, there's no one to go
fissure - tends towards analog

inscription is 'everything else' - tends towards digital

immersion inscribes - into what? fissure? (wrong way again)
definable fissures - into what? inscription? (most likely not)

fissure is a priori untheorized, uninscribed



of space and what is present is present
of time and what in time is time
of searching and what of searching for searching
what of thinking of thinking
it's close to the smallest of smallest
it's closer to the nearest of nearest
o, moment of moments!
among the clearest of oceans of oceans!

http://www.asondheim.org/Output.mp4
4 mg




the the most most beautiful
of all my my music music
to to be be sure
no one speaks for for me me
not not even even my mouth
on a trip of its its own own
mouth mouth stay stay away
sparks sparks mount mount me
surmount teeth and and tongue tongue
lost lost runes runes ascend
around carved carved ogham ogham 
and and wolves wolves descry
mind word word  distanced distanced
wolves wolves of of hell
the most most beautiful beautiful
of of all

http://www.asondheim.org/lightning2b.mp3



Progress Report

My sleep has become increasingly chaotic; at this point, I last at best 
for two to three hours. I go through cycles with melatonin, taking more 
than usual in order to stop thinking, anything to stop thinking. Here in 
West Virginia, I work constantly; I'm afraid to stop; I don't know when I 
would be able to continue with any degree of security. Every image here is 
an image recuperated, indemnified, if only for the moment. The tunnel 
ceiling is a semi-oval. I worry that theory has already corroded me, that 
whatever I say is monstrous, useless, I dream of machines devouring body 
and space, transformed into pure light. I imagine the survival of light.

Nothing coheres to the mind or armature of the dream which devolves into 
tatters. When I speak, my voice sleeps. I churn out image, sound, text, 
jumbled together; I tend the files the way one should tend the earth, 
kindly, defensively. At a deeper level there are the remnants of joy in 
discovery; this or that hasn't been done before, hasn't been tried before.

But there really is this need to push myself to the point of collapse. 
Azure notes I tend to forget more; I feel literally demented as I tear 
into time and space. Physically I grow weaker; it's an experiment in van- 
ishment. Voices and lights dim, images and sounds murmur on the periphery 
of exhausted consciousness remembering Levinas. Immersed in death, in 
quiescence, I wonder if this or that text or tape will be the last before 
the stroke or heart attack. New and unknown symptoms are on the rise; the 
tinnitus has increased in intensity and this weakness is worse than usual, 
as are the odd headaches which flood and circulate as soon as there is the 
slightest stress or tension, or in the morning, or in the evening, or the 
bright light of day. I am carrying my body now, what remains of the I 
shredded in a tattered world. My lack of sleep rises as a mountain before 
me, behind me, veil of veil, shroud of shroud. I hunger more than ever for 
truth, for a narrative which comes out or doesn't along an endless cycling 
of paths. This is the flattening I fear, until I no longer feel fear, the 
absurdity of poverty, exhaustion, dropping of limbs in gullies, valleys, 
vales


http://www.asondheim.org/diganal.jpg in readiness
http://www.asondheim.org/lightning2b.mp3 corrected
(violent lightning vlf radio, filtered)






place, of which we dream of hearth and woods, a space
dark time with which to roam the park,
collapsed into death's dull doom, relapsed
in flowered beauty, wounded like a pin
dropped on sundered skin, trembling, yet stopped;
so grids encapsulate the final blow,
lines carry weights of dreams of oaks and pines,
of hearths, of kindness, of robin, home, and dove
soaring across charred lands; planes and guns are roaring
still; vectors struggle, travel up the hill

http://www.asondheim.org/ing.mp4

for Wilfred Owen in these times



Preface

This book is not about heroes.  English Poetry is not yet fit to speak
 of them.  Nor is it about deeds or lands, nor anything about glory, 
honour, dominion or power,
                              except War.
Above all, this book is not concerned with Poetry.
The subject of it is War, and the pity of War.
The Poetry is in the pity.
Yet these elegies are not to this generation,
        This is in no sense consolatory.

They may be to the next.
All the poet can do to-day is to warn.
That is why the true Poets must be truthful.
If I thought the letter of this book would last,
I might have used proper names; but if the spirit of it survives Prussia, 
--
  my ambition and those names will be content; for they will have
  achieved themselves fresher fields than Flanders.


     Note. --  This Preface was found, in an unfinished condition,
               among Wilfred Owen's papers.


gloom room, tomb loom, doom womb,
weir fear, smear, leer, seer here,
hear dear, death-breath, lethe-seeing,
being we-ing, fleeing seeing, me-ing cost,
lost, tossed, mossed, fate late, sate
mate, hate great, rate wait, bait-girl,
curl, whirl, furl, churl hurl, dying trying,
sighing, lying, tying, flying, mime time,
chime rhyme, pace space, place-race, 
waste, haste, taste paste, chastened, 
hastened, fastened, battered, tattered, 
pattered, prattle, chattel, rattle, cried, 
tried, sighed, lied, tied, chide, bide, 
ride, plied, guide wide, died, plead dead

http://www.asondheim.org/beingsmear.mp4




Alan's words


I spoke, speak, divide, the path deride, write into night,
wryte into nyght, caught: pre-war history, pre-wars history,
warez-history, 

oh for that memory once again, code-memory, memory of code, memory of
code of memory

here in West Virginia, crickets singing, they will sing beyond me
beyond my body's reach, arms', hands', fingers' reach 
  a sudden gasp of breath, I will be gone
  my words broken, broken up
  used by strangers

some people
some people have other purposes
I wait for death like others wait for dawn
 wait for dawn's death, death's dawn, dusk of death, death of dusk,
 litany of beyond, storm-code memory,

who owns Alan's words
reorders Alan's words
claims them, takes them

even now, what comes out of my mouth is no longer mine



