"
Dria says, "you just have to understand what it is that you're getting 
into..."

Dria says, "but it is possible to get so much more from it...real love, 
can gro
w out here."
Martin says, "Jerry's talking ..."
Raxcip says, "yes, of course. "
Dria says, "you sound unconvinced. :)"
Raxcip says, "My friend was a world away."
Dria nods
Dria says, "aye...I know what it's like."
Alan says, "One of the speakers is talking about how he enjoyed watching 
the th
e screen and Alan and the timekeeping.  This, I (Richard) think is an 
example o
f how net.sex affords a greater opportunity for voyeurism."
Dria grins
Martin grins
Raxcip says, "I find it hard to exist both here on teh net and in RL, and 
wholy
 give oneself in either space.  I choose the Real."
Dria says, "I toggle between.  I am not real."
Alan says, "I choose both.  The unreal has been very good to me."
zone laughs
Martin says, "I really like Ari's presentation ..."
Apocryphal says, "it seems..."
Raxcip fails to delineate.
Alan says, "Jon Marshall is asking about the ethical challenges posed by 
net.se
x."
Apocryphal says, "like there's no one-or-the-other each infects the other"
Martin says, "The text was most lost on me ... but watching the images of 
the h
ands was definitely affaected by the MOOD of the text ..."
Alan says, "Don't forget that the Cathoholic Church has decreed that 
net.sex is
 a sin."
Dria says, "I walk out into the world 'rl' and I feel...unreal...it is 
surreal.
..it all feels surreal.  I have realized that "I" am not real (to anyone 
else,
at least).  So why fight it."
zone exclaims, "!!!"
zone says, "That is astonishing."
Dria says, "you're not serious.  You *can't* be serious."
Alan is serious
Dria boggles
Speaker says, "Ari says even email is theatrical .."
Apocryphal says, "the screen as contraceptive"
Alan says, "Dria, I think in the long-run, this is a great development.  
With a
 simple decree, the Church has given credence to cyberlife.  That's a good 
thin
g."
Raxcip says, "the catholic church would never approve of fun without 
consequenc
e."
Dria says, "well, yeah, but.  It's still stupid. :>"
zone nods.  Yes.  Calling netsex a sin has in one fell swoop brought it to 
the
attention of the world...
Alan says, "Yeah, but I'll take a little near-sightedness with a lot of 
vision-
-even if the vision comes inadvertently."
Dria decides to ponder it for a bit before forming a real opinon.
Martin asks, "Any questions to ALan?"
Martin says, "No"
Martin says, "That's it ..."
Martin says, "next sesion in 5 minutes .."
Alan says, "That's it, and thank you. There's another panel in five 
minutes and
 I can possibly work this through as well - not sure what the situation 
will be
..."



unrhymed, the grave goes under, no word like
any other, our talk drowned earth and granite
out, swallowed every creature whole, in parts
against ridge, torn verbs, supplications,
pleadings, cries in loam, darted shadows, o
gods who foretold death, bowed to bone, one;
silence listened, quiescent, as if already
lost, churned, wounded, hurried, hung

http://www.asondheim.org/sophiasgrave.mp4





on the crest or ridge of an enormous wave, during which the events of the 
day loom exponentially, perhaps x^4 for example, the imminence of any 
diurnal, already lost before a week or so - and in what name then history, 
which integrates to the point of non-recognition? what happened thirty 
years ago, I have small tales, few images, cannot assemble sample days or 
nights; the remainder is all reconstruction, as it must be with crossed 
ontologies, from object and word to neural circuit. talismans, fetishes, 
ward against misinterpretation; these _are_ and _were_ and remain as such 
as if their abject or reflective status guarantees a presence across what 
can only be considered inconceivable loss. humans decry their minimal role 
in the cosmos, but more minimal yet is our recuperation of untold events 
among organisms, both spoken and unspoken, deaths of dinosaurs, children 
wailing in the distance, the fall of a lepidodendron, anything one might 
conceive. our slice, our crest, is the thinnest, thinner by far than the 
fossil we hold in our hands, as if it were precious reminder, not 
accidental residue; the fossil already participates in global economies of 
collecting, completions, transportations, representations. 

here though I think of the wave, the crest, the ridge, the fullness which 
is greatest among all others, the fecundity of the crest, Leibniz and Thom 
to a certain rescue, that is the rescue of all jostlings, emendations, 
here they are. further down the stalk or sides, quantum tunnelings 
continue and emissions, behave in contradiction to the distinctions above; 
above, however, the world is infinitely clarified, it is _there_ at the 
cusp or peak of roiling (singularities in differential calculus perhaps, 
difference calculus perhaps upon closer inspection), that we model our 
perceptions, our 'take,' our presence.

http://www.asondheim.org/evasionofbeing.mp4


==




it will be when it finishes,
having been celestial, finishing
cosmic dance and bodies finished
and preened, shuddering, finish
or sheen; to be sure, this lives
until the checksum disappears, lived
flattening, as if it were live
or flourishing, alive, livid, living

body or inscription,
death eases, inscribes
itself, always already inscribed;
look - eyes. and then inscribe
among the dead or dying,
or those who died inscribing
or just die

http://www.asondheim.org/veda.mp4

6882266 bytes; 6 8-2 8-2 66 = 6 6 6 66 = 666.66






the flat world i'm making here

flattening i s flattening everything printf flattening s i printf printf , 
everything print real s print print , n; and printf everything and 
repetition flattening print repetition print real real print repetition 
flattening flattening repetition flattening print are defuge everywhere 
with and are with are and print print with defuge and disturbances if 
disturbances defuge print are print ontologically are everywhere 
disturbances disturbances disturbances prior print are everywhere 
everywhere are print everywhere print prior ontology if ontologically had 
as or ontologically priority print disturbances prior ontology had 
ontologically print print prior might had speak might ontology as one 
emblematic or hunger priority priority one ontology ontology might hunger 
ontology print speak priority emblematic print might phenomena hungry 
emblematic print ghosts phenomena might hunger ghosts and one speak of 
hungry emblematic might print speak and print and emblematic hungry print 
print hunger print gestures, emblems gestures, and ghosts hungry and and 
phenomena phenomena print emblems gestures emblems and emblems ghosts and 
gestures, emblems ghosts print print gestures, emblems emblems emblematic 
print gestures, emblematic and emblems print the and print of emblems 
gestures as and gestures, print emblematic gestures emblematic emblems 
disturbance print the the loosening emblematic emblematic symbolic 
disturbance disturbance loosening emblematic emblematic emblematic print 
the emblematic emblematic print disturbance the print emblematic print 
print print loosening the into the into into the symbolic emblamtic 
emblematic emblamtic symbolic print emblematic symbolic the the into the 
sublimation print of not emblematic emblematic ever and emblamtic 
sublimation not print print people ever into print forget are print 
sublimation into ever this forget into print doing this not the people are 
ever and and this and print are other and people print print with ever 
ever invisible organisms doing ever doing organisms print people people 
and invisible people other doing this with nonfictionally. this and print 
i've with seen print and invisible seen far print other nonfictionally. 
much i've with and much much other cultures far far cultures with i've 
nonfictionally. invisible exhaust much too exhaust seen i've with print 
print presencing ourselves too nonfictionally. much with print seen far 
exhaust presencing seen exhaust too presencing with much ourselves with 
present with print history print present history history present print 
ourselves present discursive present with exhaust discursive the ourselves 
the history present presencing thetic print present print print the the 
thetic thetic print believe now with with that and with discursive believe 
thetic and believe discursive history print and now and discursive further 
and and further now print states print and states that further people, 
always and further things were processes, ^ ^ always states that that 
states print that things print processes, ^ were sheave and and the were 
things and image the and and were the image people, processes, sheave 
infinitely of always and thinned thinned print processes, image were 
sheave were print and infinitely sharpened print the the print sheave 
sheave live sharpened sheave infinitely within the image and beams live 
thinned image projected and thinned live projected infinitely sharpened we 
beams it's and live it's it's within print that and that that beams 
sharpened within beams imaginary it's live we print imaginary the live the 
beams projected projected that print beams it's we constitute imaginary 
walk these that walk among imaginary print these walk walk that it's walk 
among beams constitute among others the that print print constitute among 
print among imaginary among print walk swirls print are swirls others 
print others swirls gnawing walk walk structures walk gnawing what walk 
walk are print walk print grappling are them print are them them gnawing 
what grappling grappling swirls print what structures forget structures 
are grappling everything forget print structures print the world outside 
among among the forget print print forget print print outside among them 
world world them everything the absorbs world little the everything world 
very little print outside world not absorbs the everything everthing 
everthing print outside and here little world absorbs here world world 
print not and print very very speak world world here print and world not 
speak floating very little of everthing little here worlds, are and 
everthing immersed worlds, here not print immersed speak we are here 
floating we everywhere are everywhere everywhere print floating flattening 
enlightened speak enlightened are immersed are are flattening worlds, 
worlds, everywhere we immersed enlightened print immersed everywhere 
enlightened print everywhere flattening are everywhere enlightened


poorly finished trees

already reduced from PAL thru .avi thru .mov to .mp4 do the best i can
world transformed through an exemplification of particle physics - within 
which things fly apart, always already have been apart - have nothing to 
sustain them, interiority neither present nor exploded, all manifolds 
opening through temporal dimensions - you can see the forest because of 
the trees - the trees aren't there - yes, local intensities, vectors - 
unfolding as well - the sheath three dimensions just there - volume 
everywhere and nowhere - open tetraheda - 

the map is the only territory
only territory is the map

implicit objecthood relying heavily on aristotelian laws of distribution - 
here gestures are already syzygy - configurating - 

hello a world in which machine-space is everything -
what is machine-space? only a self-referential raster - double 
articulations just like language - that of the pixel, that of the _span_ - 
then of course preceived span - that's something else again - 

hello i was a tree
hello i was never a tree

http://www.asondheim.org/treees3.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/treees8.mp4

D:/ C:/ E:/:turned coats and trying to work out in other environments, 
who? w? netstat?:the miserable acquiescence of the hungered world:: the 
miserable acquiescence of the hungered world transforms Your D:/ C:/ E:/ 
on me... Ah, incandescent with Reds and Blues!



Rulers

http://www.asondheim.org/ruler.mp4

Extreme unrelated compression to Peach Felicia Ko Lingerie Oring Import 
DVD Kaye Lingerie Bowl Shauna Tang Models Playboy model Nightcalls Kaye 
Import Ko model model Nicole Models Bowl Asian Bowl Kaye Nightcalls Asian 
Asian Playboy Kaye Nicole Thom Lorraine model Ko Shauna import Lorraine 
Michelle Lingerie Ko Nightcalls Michelle DVD Thom Oring Oring Asian 
Felicia Peach import Playboy model DVD Import Girls Lingerie Bowl Lorraine 
Models Felicia Katherine Lingerie Asian Models Lisa Lorraine import 
Katherine Felicia Models Asian model Lorraine DVD Thom Girls Lisa Kaye 
Michelle Asian Tang Tang Girls Peach DVD Lorraine Lisa Models Peach Import 
Tang Felicia Kaye Tang Kaye Models Models Models

Then why? Because Kaye wants it that way, Shauna's not so sure, Tang is 
excited, Lise overwhelmed, the Playboys beside themselves, the Import 
Girls not so sure, Peach has a wait-and-see attitude, Lorraine wants me 
to add:

A ruler marked to hundreths of an inch rotated low on the small laser 
object platform, stitched with very partial information as the beam 
reflected from what could only be acute angles; the rest wrapped, clothing 
the shuddering demarcations of and within the analogic. So later the 
rulings will appear; now, the object itself shudders and turns, just about 
ready for anything, Felicia slightly curious, Rulers just about ready, 
Rulers ruling, Models Models Models


model model model

http://www.asondheim.org/tre.mp4 short video of stills from scanner to 
Geomagic to Blender and spherical mappings; last night the rationale 
behind these came clear in a dream; this morning disappeared; the tree 
maps onto the tree; within the real; the optical apparatus; the digital 
maps onto the digital; protocol between the two; but that the digital 
spews into the analogic; returns to the dream as dismembering, disassem- 
bling, dissembling; that the tree is a world; of numerical values; that 
these values are cauterized; extruded from irrationals; that they never 
return; that they themselves are taken apart; reconfigured; that the 
infinite journey of such mappings is inherently uncanny; that the real 
gnaws always already at the digital; the tree is the tree of the imagin- 
ary; as in Saussure; Wittgenstein's family of usages; what is a family?; 
what is familiality?; familiar?; that the totality of such mappings is the 
result of extrusions, collapses, creations, annihilations, duplications; 
that it is the result of totality, overall operations; that no bit or byte 
is singled out from any other; that these computations are plankton-maw; 
that nothing is distinguished precisely _in order to distinguish_; that 
what emerges is close to the perspective-sublime; black-hole vanishing- 
point; that there are trees of numbers and numbers of trees; that there 
digital hands and handsful of digits; model model model.



Seduction of History

derivation of true-real narrative
chora practice
http://www.asondheim.org/history.mov
breathing the firestorm
I know I am but what are you?
o beauty! ray de choice, ay?
non or first storey of story
new york city underground
The Ruins of Derivation
derivative ruins
that's easy for me to say.





History of Seduction 

narrative true-real of derivation 
practice chora 
firestorm the breathing 
http://www.asondheim.org/havingfunhead.mp4
you? are what but am I know I 
ay? choice, de ray beauty! o 
story of storey first or non 
underground city york new 
Derivation of Ruins The 
ruins derivative 
say. to me for easy that's 




familiar wood

waves let your loves blossom, you fools, recording dictagraph sounds. (She 
runs to find a better vantage point.) (A man walks into ghost town with 
fungus.) 2 scatological terms reveal her bare thighs selfishness the magic 
of alarms sound in a workshop while a family watches her with long pointed 
claws. They're frightened by the sound, a girl's bare buttocks make water, 
she deserves to listen to a loud sound. A dog urinates on a young woman. 
Columbus: you'd hear the sound of chain-mail rustled against willows and 
poem into sound, for which it materializes, that is, fetishizes, placing 
nadir of bellowing sound, perversions of word and sentence and boys and 
men. The basement sound of dharmata, like a thousand thunderclaps 
simultaneously. This is the natural sound of your own dharmata, so do not 
be afraid or bewildered - you have no physical body of flesh and blood, so 
whatever sounds, colors; trusting in the sound of your words I reach out 
and touch the sound of your words - she has murdered the boys while they 
are asleep; she has murdered the family which makes sound; she makes 
sound; she kills a dog.
                   you must be sound asleep. A boy and his dog stood and 
we forget the sound of laughter and the pain of the legs' hinge, skin/nn 
half what might have seemed unsound; i wept - she got out with me. Grunts 
and moaning clatter to the floor of the bathroom; you might see her 
disappear for a moment, hear the sound of motion, the sound bytes - i 
generate nothing but sound, no appearance, no twists and turns, only 
tatters. When I speak, my voice sleeps. I churn out sounds. She exclaims, 
"Netsex sounds ....  aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh" He says "you sound 
unconvinced."





Interior and Absence (notes on recent work)


In an attempt to explain my recent work...
This is such an attempt, the attempt already referenced -

Every surrounding space is non-existent, that is, every embedding space 
should be construed as invisible, unless vectored outside of the frame - 
i.e. perspectival vanishing-points or obvious extensions of line segments.

The invisible space is less than a frame, paregon, peripheral, only a 
demarcation necessary for the transmission of the central object or 
figure, or syzygy of connected nodes or interconnected figures. One must 
strip away space in this regard.

Likewise one must strip away time, in order to reassemble temporality; 
what it takes to see or process is widely at variance, turned loose, from 
what is presented in the screen, this or that figure or figures.

Such figures descend from a series of asteroids I modeled, allowing one, 
that is myself, to fly across their surfaces, as if polygons were 
geological figures; it was the surround skeins, skins, that constituted 
the measure of the infinite in the small, a form of perspectival geometry.

The asteroids themselves have as antecedent certain works or preparations 
I constructed for scanning electron microscope imaging; these works were 
either prepared natural specimens or etched figurations, sculptures 
smaller than the wavelength of light, using a Cambridge Stereoscan which 
did exactly that.

The concern or cathecting, investment, I have in the current objects, and 
their potential or real transformations, to the extent they can be 
considered objects, is based on psychoanalytic and general vectoral flows 
across their surfaces - surfaces which may be penetrated or interpenetra- 
ted by vision, revealing the hollowed skein or scaffolding of model 
building.

The objects, whether closed manifolds or not, I consider closed manifolds 
of projections and introjections, manifolds whose surfaces are inscribed 
much like a cuneiform tablet, open to readings, not reading, and open to 
interpretation. The reading is visceral.

The objects are not, nor are intended to be, portraits, nor do they occupy 
a branch or sub-branch of portraiture; they are not singularities in 
space, but spaces themselves, whose anxieties triumph, whose psychoses 
play like storms across their surfaces.

I inject my concerns into safe, part-objects, transitional objects, half- 
formed, maternal, wary in the construction of language, of languages, wary 
in the construction of difference, differance. Such objects reference the 
analogic from the digital, a digital which is embedded in the analogic, in 
the hermeneutics of analogic reading and inscribing. What may for example 
begin as dream or hypnagogic imagery, transforms within the pressure of 
the machine, into those apparent fluidities which may be indefinitely 
shaped. To shape meaning without the ostensible pressuring of language, 
without the inscription of ostensible inscription - this is a goal, 
meaning which, submerged, emerges, from less organized perception, which 
may or may not be read as wonder in relation to the world or worlds. Every 
image a world, every world, an imaginary.

The _scan_ permits the uneasy rupture/rapture among code and uncoding, 
real and irreality, image and imaginary; the rupture/rapture of the scan 
itself construes the fluid or abject at the heart of culture, universe, 
world. Every reading is our reading; every writing is our writing; every 
scan is ours and ours alone.

The _motion capture_ permits the internal tearing, torsion, tension, 
tensor of the cohering body, always taken for granted, in order that 
death, violence, sexuality, language, and body re-emerge as dissipated 
punctum, within or without any circumscriptions.

The _access grid echo_ constructions create and reproduce the flattening 
of space and thereby time that constitutes defuge, that state always 
generative by deferral of other states. A face resembles, reassembles, 
itself, and such contiguities or echoes are embedded as well into 
generating configurations that might as well not be there.

In all of these instances, the embedding spaces are the symbolic; are the 
chora; are ourselves to the extent that our senses devolve first and 
primarily into the seepage of our own liquidities, bodies, sexes, deaths, 
ruptured and irreparable enunciations.

The symbolic surrounds the symbol, which is symbolic to the extent, or 
within, circumscription.

All inscription is circumscription.

Culture is the absence of embedding.





Bretz


Today I would have given you the Bretz materials, the result of scanning 
the coke-ovens down the hill to the right across from the post office down 
the hill to the left. But failure lured, ruled; it waited until the tripod 
was set us, the yoke was mounted on the tripod, the laser housing was 
secured to the yoke, the cables were connected to the laser, the laser was 
connected to the power supply and data control, the data output was cabled 
to the laptop, the laptop was powered by a battery, the battery was dead. 
The battery was charged at 10:30 in the morning, the laptop wouldn't power 
up, there was no data output or input or control to or from the laptop, 
Nick and George and Don and Azure and I paced, George worked the laptop, 
the laptop was quiet, quiescent, peaceful, there were no birds flying, 
there was a snake discovered in one of the few images taken while we wai- 
ted, the video turned out for four minutes, there was no scanning, there 
would be no downloading, no processing, no stitching, no post-processing, 
no warping and merging, no scaling and coloring, there would be no Bretz 
directories, no Bretz digital images of scans, no Bretz videos of rotating 
scans, no post-processing of scans in Blender, no transforming of selected 
points, no fly-through and no digital video or still image output. There 
would be no discussion of Bretz coke-oven beehive architecture, no consid- 
erations of the histories and generations of local brick-work, no evidence 
and no history, no written or spoken speculations on historiographies 
merging digital and analogic worlds, techniques, equipment, organisms, 
processes, languages, cultural and financial economies. There would be 
discussions of budgets, of equipment wear and tear, of obsolete software, 
obsolete laptops, obsolete batteries powering a laser otherwise capable of 
scanning an entire statehouse in West Virginia, an entire Buddhist temple 
in Japan, an entire archaeological dig, but not this local archaeology, 
not here, not now, not these deteriorating coke-ovens whispering in the 
mountain-topped heat, in this humidity problematic for the scanning unit 
itself, flat or matte-black in coloration, gathering sun against the hills 
and flowers, what flowers, what amazement of flowers, in the distance, or 
the mine number thirteen or number twelve sealed above the SUV and the 
tripod, and Don, George, Azure, Nick, and i somewhat below the ridge which 
may or may not have been constructed by other than God, within which still 
remain the maws of one-hundred and forty coke-ovens, the last working site 
of beehive construction, only stopping in the 1970s or 1980s and then 
abandoned against this peculiar meadow, the result of surface mining, 
depredation, of the mining company, resulting in an exhausted land, an 
unproductive land, a land of poisons, but for this glorious meadow and its 
neighbors writing ATVs useless around in circles or into and out of the 
surrounding woods, guns and ammunition hanging off the back. We looked at 
each other, Azure standing with her sun-umbrella, uncomfortable in the 
heat, and Azure, Nick, Don, and George proceeded to begin to pack up the 
tripod and yoke and laser housing and power supply and cables, placing 
them carefully back in their large metal cases, filling the back of the 
SUV while I videotaped in NTSC a slight, a very light segment of failure, 
with a graceful camera capturing a moment simultaneously lost and recor- 
ded, present and impresent, all of us gaining a ride back in the now- 
crowded SUV back across the dirt road, up the hill to the post office 
somewhat across from the exit, where Nick, Azure, and I changed vehicles 
and drove back, following the SUV, through Masontown, Manon somewhere in 
the vicinity, through Sabreton or Saberton, or Manan and Monon left behind 
us, on Route 7, up through and past the Mile Ground, still wondering what 
mile and what ground, down and back into the Evansdale campus and the 
Virtual Environments Laboratory, the VEL, where we unloaded the laser 
cases, the tripod, the laptop, our video and still cameras, went into the 
cool of the room, comforted by the hum so nearly like our own. Here was 
the edge of success and failure, of the many things which could go wrong 
but needed a password or keyword for the witnessing; here we were, there 
we were, tired, used, with little to show for our efforts, no residue 
beyond three or four minutes of videos, some stills of the outside of the 
ovens - and how beautiful! - some images of coming and leaving, some sky.




O! Misery!


icle in he official (governmen he)  rong fragrance)  (from ing Wei (river) 
according ive par icle as well 