 x 13983 13983 adver x . x ing wry ing . al_sample.r 
al_sample.r x 13983 13983 adver 13983 13983 adver al_proposal.r iorp.pl 66 
66 back back 1128 1128 Car x f 1335 1335 an al_proposal.r 3257 3257 
alan.pl alan.pl 23786 23786 analog_digi al_sample.r erbio.  char.  11350 
11350 char. iorp.pl an f analog_digi iorp.pl an char. f 310 310 elim2.pl 
elim2.pl 292 292 elimina f Dalyreview.r x x erbio. ml 22847 22847 
Dalyreview.r x er fil e.pl elimx.pl elimx.pl 312 312 elimy.pl elimy.pl 304 
304 elimz.pl elimz.pl 10442 10442 englishresume. x x e.pl elimina ml 70702 
70702 hpbkm.h x ml 70702 70702 hpbkm.h x e.pl elimina x kon. op lap o 5982 
5982 lap ml hpbkm.h er fil ml 70702 70702 hpbkm.h o 5982 5982 lap in in op 
lap kon.  kon.  meshworks.  2197 2197 pfreview pfreview 31443 31443 
philosophy.  philosophy. ro 1415 1415 orp.pl orp.pl 4133 4133 paren x op 
1298 1298 looply.pl looply.pl 2796 2796 media media 2424 2424 meshworks. 
in 27439 27439 prosepoe resume. ry 32763 32763 resume.  paren ro ne paren 
resume. .  sal x philosophy.  27439 27439 prosepoe x x x x x x 2241 2241 
shor sva. o sva. bio shor x x alchoice. x alchoice. x x sva. alchoice. x x 
x alchoice.  alchoice. x x rack16. rack16lading race.  23275 23275 x 6611 
6611 rack. x rack16.  2473 2473 x rack.  2542 2542 wry x rack16.  6611 
6611 velpress.  ing wry x x ing ing wry





My Life at the Edge of the World


Who set me adrift but my fathers and mothers, releasing non-existent 
shackles, tightening the reins of no-horse. I meander among extractive 
industries, worlds the poorer for them. My share is meager; I scratch 
surfaces, dig into the abject muck of fires and desires. To date, I have 
had enough to eat, but this is temporary; from date, I shall be eaten. Of 
water, there is thirst, of food, there is hunger. This area has memories 
of roads. This area is like any other. My life, at the edge of the world, 
that's all.

What remains, what is not all, forms a culture, residue, forms a story, 
theory, forms something to be said. The edge thins to non-existence; in 
the absence of gravity, the worst that can be expected is cuts, fractures, 
divisions. At the edge the only economics is that of want, beings are in 
solitary, smeared, transformed; moving inwards, they're cauterized. Every 
acceptance is cauterization, every process of acceptance is cauterization- 
mechanics. At the edge hydraulic models no longer hold; what is sublimated 
may not appear anywhere at all, comes forward frothing. The liquidity of 
the edge is vascular, viscous, uncanny among collapsing divisions of 
states of matter. Economies flow into negative space, arbitrary quantific-
ations, decisions beyond the Pale where doormen wait. Holes are breaches 
are holes. 

Life at the edge is insipid, Dostoevsky had it right, illnesses, livers, 
spleens. Something's always wrong, something's gone amuck, that something 
sure is something, is already gone, broken, splattered, sputtered, splin- 
tered, spat. My life at the edge of the world garners the world, inscribes 
the world with its broken edges, decathects the world with its buckets of 
blood, disinvests the world with its poverties and suicides. At the edge 
of the world there are no events, no non-events, no states, no operators. 
At the edge of the world, no-name procedures of procedures, no-name 
protocols of protocols, no-name processes of processes; no name is not 
no-name, nor forgotten name, nor a-name, nor anomie, nor division and 
construction by negation. No-name is left at the edge of the world where 
my life is, where life is, skeins are skins, bones are borne. Only members 
are dismembered, clubs are clubbed, puns seep, split spilt pees. Tropes 
choke at the edge of the world where life is, life neither originated nor 
dissolved, life was earlier and later, life was middled, muddled, and life 
in the interior was harvesting, harvested, disenchanted. I'd write the 
story of my life as this life at the edge of the world, but it would be a 
story, and this is not a story but a claim, a claim from the edge - from 
an edge without gates, roads, byways, vectors, paths. Unclaimed this edge, 
unclaimed this life, unclaimed this world without edge.




Installing Girls (speech engine):


http://www.asondheim.org/enunce.mp4 (enonce)

e Setup Language t the language for this installation from the choices 
below. nstaller must restart your system to complete configuring the 
Windows Installer service.  Click Yes to restart now or No if you plan to 
restart later. setup will perform an upgrade of 'girls'. Do you want to 
continue? er version of 'girls' is already installed on the this machine. 
The setup cannot continue. OK l

Initialization Error is preparing, which will guide you through the pro- 
gram setup process.  Please wait. ing Operating System Version ing Windows 
Installer Version guring Windows Installer guring girls has completed 
configuring the Windows Installer on your system. The system needs to be 
restarted in order to continue with the installation. Please click Restart 
to reboot the system. girls Setup has detected an incompatible version of 
Windows. Please click OK and verify that the target system is running 
either Windows 95 (or later version), or Windows 4.0 Service Pack 6 (or 
later version), before relaunching the installation Error writing to the 
temporary location Error extracting girls to the temporary location Error 
reading setup initialization file Installer not found in girls File girls 
not found Internal error in Windows Installer Error populating strings. 
Verify that all strings in Setup.ini are valid. Restart Error installing 
Windows Installer engine.  A file which needs to be replaced may be held 
in use.  Close all applications and try again. Setup needs girls - free 
disk space in girls. Please free up some space and try again You do not 
have sufficient privileges to complete this installation for all users of 
the machine. Installer girls found. Click OK to continue. ANSI code page 
for girls is not installed on the system and therefore setup cannot run in 
the selected language. Run the setup and select another language. This 
setup does not contain the Windows Installer engine (girls) required to 
run the installation on this operating system. Unable to install girls 
Scripting Runtime. Unable to create InstallDriver instance, Return code: 
girlsd Please specify a location to save the installation package. Unable 
to extract the file girls. Extracting files. Downloading file girls. An 
error occurred while downloading the file girls.  What would you like to 
do? hr min sec MB KB /sec Failed to verify signature of file girls. Estim- 
ated time remaining: girls downloaded at Preparing to Install... Get help 
for this installation. Help Unable to save file: girls Failed to complete 
installation. Invalid command line. Setup Initialization Error, failed to 
clone the process. The file girls already exists.  Would you like to 
replace it? /P password mode /A administrative installation /J advertise 
mode /X uninstall mode /F repair mode /B cache installation locally Could 
not verify signature.  You need Internet Explorer 3.02 or later with 
Authenticode update. Setup requires a newer version of WinInet.dll.  You 
may need to install Internet Explorer 3.02 or later. You do not have 
sufficient privileges to complete this installation. Log on as administra- 
tor and then retry this installation Error installing soft(R)  Framework, 
Return Code: girls optionally use the soft (R) girls Framework.  Would you 
like to install it now? Setup has detected an incompatible version of 
Windows. Please click OK and verify that the target system is running 
either Windows 95 (or later version), or Windows 4.0 Service Pack 3 (or 
later version), before relaunching the installation girls optionally uses 
the Visual J# Redistributable Package. Would you like to install it now?



as near to the Forests


in these troubled times
as near to the Forests
expect too much, nothing happens
expect nothing, everything

i wish the forests would heal me
i am embedded in the dark woods
bones surrounded by wood, wood surrounded by wood
mouths full of rings of saturn, bones and bones

and woods
at night leaves stir, they may be events
they may not be events, earth's surface
removed, surface after surface

nothing beneath, within, beyond, wood
is there, wood is there, and the Forests,
and healing, or healing or nothing
but death in the midst of the woods

http://www.asondheim.org/francestrees.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/vistatrees.mp4


Horizon and Phenomenology


From The Works of the People of Old, Na Hana a ka Po'e Kahiko, by Samuel 
Manaiakalani Kamakau, 1869-70, translated by Mary Kawena Pukui, edited by 
Dorothy B. Barrere, 1976

HORIZONS

There are two kinds of _kukulu_ which are horizons - the visible and the 
invisible. If a person stands on a height - a hill or a mountain - he sees 
the "wall" (_paia_) of the sky, the meeting place of the dome of the sky 
and the ocean and the puffy clouds at this meeting place. This is the 
horizon, _hekukulu_; it is the visible horizon. An invisible horizon 
"pushes out" (_pane'e_); its only boundary is where it adjoins the solid 
walls of the sky.

Here are some terms for the horizons of the earth, the _kukulu o ka 
hanua._ On the "sides" (_na 'ao'ao_) of the ocean, at the edge of the 
ocean next to the base of the sky that lies around the platform of the 
earth, the circle or band (_po'ai_) is called _kukulu o ka honua_ 
[variously translated as the borders, or the ends, or the pillars, of the 
earth]. At the lower edge of the firmament, above the encircling horizon 
of the earth (_ma ka huina aouli maluna a'e o ke kukulu po'ai honua_) the 
circle is called _kukulu o ka lani_ [the borders, or pillars, of the sky].

The circle seen as the eye traverses land and sea to the firmament where 
it meets the sea (_ka huina aouli_) is called Kahiki-moe, and all the 
lands "below" (_malalo_: within) this circle are called _'aina o 
Kahiki-moe,_ lands of Kahiki-moe.

The [first] band of the firmament where it ascends upward is called 
Kahiki-ku. Its "back" stretches to the base of the sky (_a moe aku ma kona 
kua a hiki i kumu lani_) and all the lands that might be found within this 
circle are _'aina o Kahiki-ku,_ lands of Kahiki-ku. Places where the land 
is large, or where there are many islands, are called _'apapanu'u_ (high 
strata) and since there are many lands to be found in Kahiki-ku, it is 
also called _'apapanu'u,_ or _'apapalani._

Heer are some terms for the _kukulu o ka lani,_ the "borders of the sky," 
or _kukulu o Kahiki,_ "borders of Kahiki." These are what _ka po'e kahiko_ 
called all the lands beyond the Hawaiian archipelago - the lands beyond 
the circles of Kahiki-moe and Kahiki-ku. These lands were called the lands 
of _kukulu o Kahiki_ or of _kukulu o ka lani,_ or of _na paia ku a lani,_ 
the standing walls of heaven or of _kumu lani._

The upper extremity of the _kujkulu o ka lani_ was called _lani,_ 
"heaven," and beyond (_ma ke kua aku_) this heaven was the _lani pa'a_ 
(fixed heaven) also called _lani kuaka'a_ (highest heaven), or _lani 
kuakolu_ (triple heaven) - all names for Kapa'ailuna (The "solid" above).

In these ways _ka po'e kahiko_ designated the _kukulu_ - the directions 
and horizons of the earth and of the skies. We of today can compare these 
terms with those used now and see how much alike they are.

SPACE

The highest stratum of space, _lewa,_ is the _lewa lani_; the place below 
the _lewa lani_ - equidistant from the sky downward and the earth upward - 
was called _ka ho'oku'i,_ the juncture, or _ka ho'ohalawai,_ the meeting; 
this was named Kamaku'ialewa (The joining place of space). Below 
Kamaku'ialewa, and close to the circle of air that surrounds the earth 
[the atmosphere] is Keapoalewa (The ring of space). Below (_malalo o_) 
Keapoalewa, in (_maloko o_) the atmosphere where birds fly, is the _lewa 
nu'u._ The space in which a man's legs dangle as he holds onto a brach of 
a tree is called the _haka-a-lewa_ (ladder to space). If a man stands 
on the ground and lifts up one foot, leaving the other on the ground, this 
is called _lewa ho'omakuo_ (a space established), because of the one foot 
remaining on the ground.

(1869)


...the absent body, air body, the virtual body, transparent body, body 
swallowed by space, inundated body...
...body of sides and pillars, body of the indefinite, indefinite body...
...looking where ones is looking and seeing, looking where one is looking 
and not seeing...
...one foot, no jump, one foot...


From sondheim@panix.com Mon Aug 21 13:21:43 2006
Date: Mon, 21 Aug 2006 13:21:26 -0400 (EDT)
From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix.com>
Reply-To: Cyberculture <cyberculture@zacha.org>
To: Cyberculture <cyberculture@zacha.org>
Subject: [CC] Jennifer again




Jennifer


Love oozes me, Jennifer, your thing is my thing, my thing is loose, my 
thing is on the town, my thing is moist, my thing is my labia, my thing is 
my mouth, my thing speaks my thing, my thing is Julu, I call my thing 
Jennifer, I call my thing Julu, I call my thing the reaper and harvester 
of my thing, I call my thing the sower and winnower of my thing, my thing 
oozes my thing, my thing loosens my thing, my thing loses my thing, my 
thing oozes:Ah Julu is wearing my thing, Julu's eyes are labia, Julu's 
mouth is red and moist, Julu's thighs are my things, Julu's labia are my 
eyes, Julu's arms are my favorites, Julu's silver is my spine, Julu's 
thing is my dirty thing, Julu's thing is my clean and pure thing, my 
abject thing, my bits and my bytes, my nodes and my nose, my fingers and 
my keys, my eyes and my screens, my screams are Julu's labia, my murmurs 
are Julu's labia, my shouts, my cries, my whispers, Julu's labia:Jennifer, 
what do they call you, when they call you wet one, damp one, when they 
call you on me, when they call me on you, when they call us coupled, when 
they call us in the ground, in the air, in the fire-metal, in the 
wooden-ocean, Jennifer I have labia everywhere, my eyes labia, my ears 
labia, my fingers moist with pleasure, with creation, with continuation, 
with suspensions, with debris, with detritus, with shit, with urine, my 
mouth filled with you, my majora holding forks, spoons, ploughs, hoes, 
hammers::arm thing and leg thing and thigh thing oozed labia Jennifer Julu 
thing

Your depressed arm thing and leg thing and thigh thing oozed labia 
Jennifer Julu thing is in my poor labia thing and thing labia thinned

Your love seeps into my labia thing and thing labia thinned - turning me 
Julu-Jennifer

call you on me, when they call me on you, when they call us coupled, when 
they call us in the ground, in the air, in the fire-metal, in the 
wooden-ocean, Jenni fer I have labia everywhere, my eyes labia, my ears 
labia, my fingers moist with

  pleasure, with creation, with continuation, with suspensions, with 
debris, with

  detritus, with shit, with urine, my mouth filled with you, my majora 
holding fo rks, spoons, ploughs, hoes, hammers

Are you dressed as Jennifer, what do they call you, when they call you wet 
one, damp one, when they call you on me, when they call me on you, when 
they call us coupled, when they call us in the ground, in the air, in the 
fire-metal, in the wooden-ocean, Jennifer I have labia everywhere, my eyes 
labia, my ears labia, my

  fingers moist with pleasure, with creation, with continuation, with 
suspensions , with debris, with detritus, with shit, with urine, my mouth 
filled with you, m y majora holding forks, spoons, ploughs, hoes, hammers? 
Is Jennifer, what do the y call you, when they call you wet one, damp one, 
when they call you on me, when

  they call me on you, when they call us coupled, when they call us in the 
ground , in the air, in the fire-metal, in the wooden-ocean, Jennifer I 
have labia ever ywhere, my eyes labia, my ears labia, my fingers moist 
with pleasure, with creat ion, with continuation, with suspensions, with 
debris, with detritus, with shit,

  with urine, my mouth filled with you, my majora holding forks, spoons, 
ploughs,

  hoes, hammers dressed as you?  in join or string, <> . Are you in your , 
are you in your flesh, ah don't answer... Ah...

Is Julu wearing your ... , are you wearing your thing? Ah Julu is wearing 
my thing, Julu's eyes are labia, Julu's mouth is red and mois t, Julu's 
thighs are my things, Julu's labia are my eyes, Julu's arms are my fav 
orites, Julu's silver is my spine, Julu's thing is my dirty thing, Julu's 
thing is my clean and pure thing, my abject thing, my bits and my bytes, 
my nodes and my nose, my fingers and my keys, my eyes and my screens, my 
screams are Julu's l abia, my murmurs are Julu's labia, my shouts, my 
cries, my whispers, Julu's labi a

I love your feelings, Jennifer, what do they call you, when they call you 
wet on e, damp one, when they call you on me, when they call me on you, 
when they call us coupled, when they call us in the ground, in the air, in 
the fire-metal, in t he wooden-ocean, Jennifer I have labia everywhere, my 
eyes labia, my ears labia,

  my fingers moist with pleasure, with creation, with continuation, with 
suspensi ons, with debris, with detritus, with shit, with urine, my mouth 
filled with you , my majora holding forks, spoons, ploughs, hoes, hammers 
... in , <>
  .

love oozes me your thing!  in at julua , <> .

What do you call your loose ?

Love oozes me, Jennifer, your thing is my thing, my thing is loose, my 
thing is on the town, my thing is moist, my thing is my labia, my thing is 
my mouth, my t hing speaks my thing, my thing is Julu, I call my thing 
Jennifer, I call my thin g Julu, I call my thing the reaper and harvester 
of my thing, I call my thing th e sower and winnower of my thing, my thing 
oozes my thing, my thing loosens my t hing, my thing loses my thing, my 
thing oozes

labia thing and thing labia thinned arm thing and leg thing and thigh 
thing oozed labia Jennifer Julu thing

My arm thing and leg thing and thigh thing oozed labia Jennifer Julu thing 
is yo urs...   in , <>  .   in numeric gt (>)
  , <>  .   in open , <>  .

Love oozes me, Jennifer, your thing is my thing, my thing is loose, my 
thing is on the town, my thing is moist, my thing is my labia, my thing is 
my mouth, my t hing speaks my thing, my thing is Julu, I call my thing 
Jennifer, I call my thin g Julu, I call my thing the reaper and harvester 
of my thing, I call my thing th e sower and winnower of my thing, my thing 
oozes my thing, my thing loosens my t hing, my thing loses my thing, my 
thing oozes calls forth depressed womb, eating , excreting memory. 
throughout the poor, Love oozes me, Jennifer, your thing is my thing, my 
thing i s loose, my thing is on the town, my thing is moist, my thing is 
my labia, my th ing is my mouth, my thing speaks my thing, my thing is 
Julu, I call my thing Jen nifer, I call my thing Julu, I call my thing the 
reaper and harvester of my thin g, I call my thing the sower and winnower 
of my thing, my thing oozes my thing, my thing loosens my thing, my thing 
loses my thing, my thing oozes is tight, poo r, Ah Julu is wearing my 
thing, Julu's eyes are labia, Julu's mouth is red and m oist, Julu's 
thighs are my things, Julu's labia are my eyes, Julu's arms are my 
favorites, Julu's silver is my spine, Julu's thing is my dirty thing, 
Julu's thi ng is my clean and pure thing, my abject thing, my bits and my 
bytes, my nodes a nd my nose, my fingers and my keys, my eyes and my 
screens, my screams are Julu' s labia, my murmurs are Julu's labia, my 
shouts, my cries, my whispers, Julu's l abia? ... womb is labia thing and 
thing labia thinned here, it's womb?

Are you becoming close to Jennifer's Love oozes me, Jennifer, your thing is my 
t hing, my thing is loose, my thing is on the town, my thing is moist, my thing 
is

  my labia, my thing is my mouth, my thing speaks my thing, my thing is 
Julu, I c all my thing Jennifer, I call my thing Julu, I call my thing the 
reaper and harv ester of my thing, I call my thing the sower and winnower 
of my thing, my thing oozes my thing, my thing loosens my thing, my thing 
loses my thing, my thing ooz es? yes yes yes yes yes uninitialized value 
in , <> . For loose days, I have been Julu ... and it has taken you just . 
minutes turning Jennifer ...

Love oozes me, Jennifer, your thing is my thing, my thing is loose, my 
thing is on the town, my thing is moist, my thing is my labia, my thing is 
my mouth, my t hing speaks my thing, my thing is Julu, I call my thing 
Jennifer, I call my thin g Julu, I call my thing the reaper and harvester 
of my thing, I call my thing th e sower and winnower of my thing, my thing 
oozes my thing, my thing loosens my t hing, my thing loses my thing, my 
thing oozes:Ah Julu is wearing my thing, Julu' s eyes are labia, Julu's 
mouth is red and moist, Julu's thighs are my things, Ju lu's labia are my 
eyes, Julu's arms are my favorites, Julu's silver is my spine,

  Julu's thing is my dirty thing, Julu's thing is my clean and pure thing, 
my abj ect thing, my bits and my bytes, my nodes and my nose, my fingers 
and my keys, m y eyes and my screens, my screams are Julu's labia, my 
murmurs are Julu's labia,

  my shouts, my cries, my whispers, Julu's labia:Jennifer, what do they 
call you,

  when they call you wet one, damp one, when they call you on me, when 
they call me on you, when they call us coupled, when they call us in the 
ground, in the ai r, in the fire-metal, in the wooden-ocean, Jennifer I 
have labia everywhere, my eyes labia, my ears labia, my fingers moist with 
pleasure, with creation, with c ontinuation, with suspensions, with 
debris, with detritus, with shit, with urine , my mouth filled with you, 
my majora holding forks, spoons, ploughs, hoes, hamm ers::arm thing and 
leg thing and thigh thing oozed labia Jennifer Julu thing Your depressed 
arm thing and leg thing and thigh thing oozed labia Jennifer Julu

  thing is in my poor labia thing and thing labia thinned Your love seeps 
into my labia thing and thing labia thinned - turning me Julu-Je nnifer

-- 




Never making it whole again.


Small image sequences taken from reprocessing of deconstructive
scans: Azure's head, a 'toy' gun, vacuum tube, and crystal glass.

The objects were reconstituted using volume wrap. 
But they could not be so.
They transformed, not otherwise, but other otherwise.
Therefore they continued transformation.

I have yet to understand the processing of time in these instances,
except for the obvious possibility of collapse somehow differentiated
from the time-exposures of photographic prints.
In the latter, the image is constituted as a simultaneity.
In the former, it is almost has if there remained a separation of parts,
based on digital access and manipulation of the three-dimensional
raster field.
Such a separation, and the setup of the hardware and software, and the
continuous tending, and the resonance of that tending, has all the
hallmarks of ritual.
So the digital collapse of time, the circumscription of inscription,
circumlocution of enunciation, this is a form, perhaps the form, of
ritual.
And each circum read into the matrix is abject, somewhat crawling and
crawled, for what is subject and what is object?
Each circum is partial, almost but not quite, in fact irrevocably
weakened, in such a manner that the fullness or fecundity of 
reconstitution is an impossibility.
The ritual of the head, the gun, the tube, the glass.
And presence and absence construed in the place of, vanishing in the
place of, the fetish.
Or the procurement of a dissipated fetish.
Dissipation in the sense of spew or emission, and dissipation in 
the sense of sexual exhaustion, defuge, but always gaping, more.

http://www.asondheim.org/azureheadwrap.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/gunwrap.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/tubewrap.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/crystalglasswrap.mp4

Making it whole again.


