

4 bjorn

go it, a for get at bonk for for a bang, it bonk get a it for vulgar for 
bonk vulgar vulgar bonk intercourse. a a for a ass, intercourse. vulgar 
ass, screw, vulgar for for of intercourse. for vulgar of screwing, 
intercourse. ass, of vulgar ass, roll ass, intercourse. vulgar screwing, 
in ass, vulgar piece in in piece vulgar roll roll roll ass, screwing, roll 
the of screw, the in in piece piece in ass, piece ass, in hay, the of of 
the shag. the screw, piece of piece hay, to ass, ass, have shag. of ass, 
roll to have piece of shag. intercourse to roll in intercourse intercourse 
hay, of have love, have in roll to love, love, to the screw, with. make 
with. the screw, have with, make have the screw, to sleep laid, love, to 
shag. with. with, sleep intercourse shag. intercourse laid, get make have 
have make sex, have with. have with. get laid, sleep intercourse 
intercourse with, sex, sex, love, intercourse with, know, love, with, 
with. love, sex, do know, with, love, with, know,make do get sleep sleep 
sex, it, love, laid, with, sex, have have laid, sleep have intimate, 
intercourse, do have with, love, intimate, intercourse, sex, with, laid, 
be intercourse, it, sex, sex, intimate, away, have know,make sex, 
know,make have away, be sex, sex, intercourse, do away, intimate, sex, it, 
away, off, intimate, know,make do intercourse, jazz, do have do 
intercourse, eff, hump, intercourse, intimate, have do eff, eff, 
intercourse, it, away, eff, lie away, be intimate, jazz, with, hump, 
intercourse, intercourse, do with, with, off, intimate, it lie lie lie it 
intercourse, hump, lie lie jazz, away, off, bed, at with, do away, have, 
at a eff, do hump, a it, bed, eff, eff, lie at go have, jazz, with, it, 
on, bed,off, eff, lie at bonk.have at hump, eff, lie bonk.have n at have, 
hump, at : bonk.have lie with, at : for it, bed, bed,off, n intercourse s 
a lie get intercourse intercourse get bed,off, go for n for it, at n n 
bonk.have go on, screwing, intercourse get at s ass, screwing, s get s 
screwing, nooky, bonk.have bonk.have nooky, ass, s bonk.have s nooky, 
nookie, screw,: : : ass, piece nooky, : n nookie, piece ass, s nooky, ass, 
nookie, n intercourse ass, ass, ass, nooky, screw,: piece roll piece 
screwing, n nookie, roll roll nookie, screw,: ass, piece in piece ass, 
ass, piece hay, in piece ass, nookie, roll shag, roll nookie, nooky, tail, 
shtup shag, of nooky, of shag, v in piece piece in shtup piece piece tail, 
v with; shag, of ass, shtup "this roll ass, hay, sleeps with shtup tail, 
roll sleeps sleeps hay, roll shtup student sleeps v roll shag, "this with: 
with shag, hay, everyone everyone with; shag, shtup v her sleeps shtup 
shtup with knew her "this shtup with; dorm"; eve"; with: v "adam dorm"; 
student student dorm"; knew dorm"; "this "this her you "adam v "this with: 
knew eve"; knew student sleeps eve"; "were you everyone sleeps her ever 
you eve"; v everyone you everyone ever her with: "adam everyone everin 
knew dorm"; knew "were man?" you eve"; her you man?" man?" eve"; knew 
"were everin man?" everin "were eve"; you man?" man?" "were "adam eve"; 
roll make man?" you knew intimate make love,with everyone you you 
love,with out, roll ever ever man?" love, make intimate "were man?" out, 
with, in everyone everin make sleep love, this everyone man?" sleep get 
make intimate this love, laid, sleep man?" man?" make laid, get out, roll 
in get laid, with, love,with man?" love, laid, laid, love, in make get 
know, get out, make get know, sex, sleep make with, sex, do laid, love, 
love, have do do with, love, with, do it, sex, sleep sleep sex, be it, 
have sleep have it, intimate, know, laid, laid, do intimate, be have make 
laid, know, intimate, have do have have make be away, intimate, know, 
laid, do away, away, it, have make know, have eff, have do know, be eff, 
eff, be know, it, off, eff, off, it, do have have eff, intimate, it, be 
jazz, lie eff, be be off, go hump,it intercourse, be intercourse, lie it, 
eff, intimate, intimate, eff, bang, bed, off, intimate, off, it, lie 
hump,it intercourse, away, go bonk bang, eff, away, have on,have a go off, 
eff, bang, on,have have eff, go it, jazz, hump,it bonk a lie have bang, 
intercourse. intercourse. lie hump,it bed, for bed, go a bonk go lie 
vulgar screw, bang, bang, for screwing, bang, piece vulgar bonk bonk of 
screwing, for bonk piece ass, screw, in of intercourse. roll the screw, 
for intercourse. of hay, roll screwing, hay, shag. piece vulgar in have 
the screw, of have have ass, ass, to with. shag. ass, screw, the with. 
with. in screwing, ass, intercourse love, have of piece to love, hay, of 
the love, intercourse roll roll with. sleep make to in have love, get 
vulgar hay, shag. love, laid, sleep hay, with. laid, have love, to sleep 
know, laid, with. have make know, do love, intercourse vulgar have be sex, 
with. with, be be with, vulgar make do intercourse, do love, love, have 
intercourse, have laid, make get have it be with, sleep it, away, it sex, 
with, sex, it it have laid, laid, have off, have it, laid, it, it jazz, 
have know, know, away, eff, off, intimate, know, intercourse, jazz, have, 
away, it, intimate, off, lie jazz, intercourse, be away, lie lie it 
intimate, have have, have have, it intercourse, screw, have have screw, 
have have with, go with, have away, have, at go eff, have screw, a get 
have screw, off, bed, it it, hump, off, hump, get bonk. go eff, eff, go n 
on, with, eff, bed, bonk. : it, hump, lie it s n have lie at for it bed, 
have n intercourse at have it intercourse bonk. a it, s ing, for get at n 
screw, screw, : it, on, ass, intercourse on, it for nooky, ass, s it : 
screwing, piece n n of nookie, n nookie, piece screwing, s s ass, of of s 
piece tail, nooky, intercourse piece in of screw, intercourse ass, roll 
the piece screw, of hay, roll ass, of hay, shag, piece screwing, nooky, in 
v the piece ass, of v v tail, nooky, ass, shtup shag, ass, piece the in of 
tail, have "this v of piece shtup "this with; hay, of the with; sleeps 
have roll roll with student shtup in v sleeps in intercourse hay, shag, 
"this her with : hay, her dorm"; "this shtup : with knew her v student 
knew eve"; sleeps have intercourse dorm"; you "adam with; everyone you you 
everyone intercourse student eve"; with eve"; sleeps "this dorm"; with 
intimate her student in intimate man?" you everyone with "were man?" "adam 
everyone "adam man?" in intimate her her intimate the roll "were her "were 
in love, this knew knew make the ever knew with love, out, "were ever the 
love, love, with you love, love, in ever this out, get out, man?" with 
hay, get get hay, this roll sleep have sleep roll out, sex, have make roll 
hay, laid, do get hay, the with, it, know, make the make do intimate, have 
make make have have be sleep make with, intimate, intercourse, know, make 
love, it, it have get love, sex, have away, it, with, get have it have 
sex, get it, have it intimate, laid, know, it screw, away, do sex, have 
jazz, jazz, intercourse, know, be off, hump, it be it, away, lie hump, it 
it, intercourse, eff, bed, screw, have have off, have with, have have have 
with, go eff, it it hump, at have off, it screw, go it, lie have it bed, 
get at jazz, it hump, bang, it bed, off, jazz, at on, bang, hump, screw, 
have on, bonk go eff, lie get it bed, hump, at it, lie a bonk a bed, it 
get have it, at go on, at it bang, bang, get on, bonk on.

gridspace1

successful-sound-run-gridspace-modified-west-virginia-illinois-new-york-
perhaps-is-defining-thing-without-boundaries-what-name,-that-what-
thing-without-boundaries-such-event-a-but-constitutes-thing-a-what-name,-
defining-thing-thing-space-but-such-ding-an-sich-such-what-a-ding-an-sich-
ding-an-sich-constitutes-what-space-never-thing-thing-defining-event-a-
thing-a-thing-without-boundaries-defining-a-a-dissipation-ding-never-what-
what-ding-an-sich-impossible-is-a-constitutes-thing-dissipation-ding-name-
such-thing-without-boundaries-such-thing-or-impossible-is-
thing-without-boundaries-ding-an-sich-or-rather-thing-a-is-impossible-that-
or-ding-an-sich-thing-thing-that-is-dissipation-ding-never-such-rather-
name,-perhaps-a-ding-an-sich-to-name,-name,-to-such-is-is-what-is-
dissipation-ding-thing-rather-what-of-or-is-name-of-name,-to-impossible-a-
perhaps-to-perhaps-of-or-or-of-a-or-a-that-that-but-that-what-a-but-what-
name,-but-what- http://www.asondheim.org/gridspace.mp3 -


Nikuko

Alan always misread me, I scratched my skin, burned myself with flares, 
with torch, with bamboo stem cut deep, with ink of squid, with hammered
gold, with the poison of lead and mercury - radiation flared my skin, 
torched me, cut deep into me, marked me with black metal - he'd read 
anything but pain, anything but death, but wound - he wanted me to fuck 
everyone because he wanted to fuck me, I didn't want him to, I wanted him 
to read death, he wouldn't read death - I'd show him victims with the skin 
burned off, impaled victims, blind and poisoned victims - I'd show him 
animals crawling with their heads half severed - he didn't want any of it 
- he wanted to write - he wanted to read what he wanted to read - just 
that - he'd write it down - take it down - take it in - how could I fuck 
someone who couldn't speak - who couldn't listen - I posed naked for him, 
I spread my legs, I opened my arms to him, he read my breasts, my arms - 
he read my back, slowly, the message of off-kilter, skewed message - some 
of the scars were old, the characters obliterated by war and history - 
everywhere he went he saw language, he gnawed language, swallowed it whole 
-  inside he was festering, it was worse there, not as bad as black 
shadows on the bridge or slumped against a wall - One night I saw him up 
against the cathedral, trying to match the shadow-outline with his own - 
fucking the shadow of a dead girl - One night I knew it wasn't him - it 
was the words and their nearness - it was the words and their expectancy - 
words everywhere - choked and strangled language - that's what he was 
doing - killing whatever sounds were left - the world murmured and moaned 
- Honey, it was my mistake - my eyelids were cut off - did I tell you - I 
could only see - that's all I could do - my lips cut off as well - tongue 
torn out - I babbled blood - he mistook participles - I screamed - he 
heard infinitive - I fell unconscious - half-dead - against the wall - I 
was charred - hardly alive - he read the signs - he thought they were 
signs - Honey,  I'd have said - signs of what - there's nothing there - 
What are things, that they may be named, that man may have done with them 
- he thought they were nouns - he thought of the world of nouns - my 
nipples were hacked, did I tell you - he thought the world was permanent - 
structured forever like the nighttime sky - my wounds! - he thought I was 
speaking to him - I thought him Legalist, this naive American boy, this 
boy of the camps and tropics, this boy of torture and finesse - he was 
sure I had something to tell him - the real thing, authentic experience - 
he saw through earphones, heard through a camera - I stared - frozen - he 
read my body like Leviticus - like the Cow - like Revelations - no, he 
read my body like Shakespeare - like Dogen - like Voltaire - no, he sang 
of Hugh of Lincoln, Horst Wessel, Celan and Sarah Bernhardt - no - no - he 
sang his own song - his song of love and tears - his song of tenderness - 
I could not close my eyes - my nails had been pulled - arms skinned - head 
close to severed - no - no - my legs were sawed through, ears cut off - 
skull crushed - Honey, there aren't enough words in the language - the 
enemy read and read - newspapers, posters, books, pamphlets, broadsides, 
magazines, emails, weblogs, listservs, newsgroups - he gathered strength - 
he didn't want to fuck me any more - he spat on me - he wrote 'someone 
dies' and that other song - I was stoned to death - I scratched my name 
into him - I scratched my flesh into him - my bones were his bones - my 
eyes were his eyes - my mouth was his mouth - my mind was his - my cunt 
was his - the years of my coming and going - the years of my birth and 
deaths - my death was his - my deaths are his - just now he's dying - he's 
writing and he's dying - he's reading and he's dying - he's remembering - 
he's memory - he's remembering -




- material substrate - uneven speculation - bad physics -

Might we not consider mid-sized planets such as our own, information 
sinks, based on the variegated materials held in more or less permanent 
suspension in solid states? Such sinks in their totality characterize the 
universe as much as plasmas do; plasmas contain little information on the 
macroscopic scale, more, but not that much more, on the cosmic scale. When 
matter qua matter is held taut, it functions as a data-bases which may be 
retrieved, replaced, modified, etc.; in other words, a series of logical 
operations may be applied - operations which ultimately diffuse due to 
wear-and-tear, i.e. entropy - but which, in the larger meantime are pro- 
-uctive of abstract entities that are duplicable, equivalent, and indepen- 
dent of the material substrate itself. And such planets as our own contain 
greater degrees of information in relation to the quantification (such is 
it might theoretically be) of difference; in this sense, organic life con- 
tributes the most, given its molecular variations and encodings. From this 
I can only imagine an 'information astronomy,' charting variation, not 
necessarily physical constitution (but ultimately based on such) within 
the cosmos - this mapping might, in fact, present us with a more accurate 
reading of the place and function of organic life in the universe -

On the other hand, real-material is obdurate, inert, and mid-sized planets 
are likely to be relatively barren. Ultimately it becomes a question of 
order and its constitution; clays, for example, possess some of the 
characteristics of organic life, with relatively simple structures, while 
the complexity of mountain chains or crater impact zones are the result of 
well-understood, non-quantum, non-relativistic, processes. 

Consider _information_ as that which propagates and transforms from one to 
another almost-equivalent structure, and _information structures_ are 
those abstracted second-order structures characterized by difference among 
almost-equivalent entities. Propagation and transformation imply energy 
and process; information structures are, in ordinary parlance, data-bases.
Propagation and process also imply mappings and equivalences; they are 
operations upon the environment, as much as within it. They involve epis- 
temological shifts from organic to non-organic compounds. Such shifts 
generate epistemologies and second-order epistemologies. 

It is better to leave this murkiness behind and think of information sinks 
in general - sinks requiring potential wells, i.e. protective barriers, 
for their accumulative properties. Without such wells, everything is lost 
and information remains at the level of the monopole or singular bit.

How would we measure in an information astronomy? One can only imagine 
slight disequilibriums, displacements, of planetary characteristics; one 
can also look for Gaia structures (organic compounds and their demo- 
graphics); one might be able to measure the 'roiling' of surface patches 
or aggregates. In any case, it would be necessary to consider the sun, for 
example, in relation to information-qua-stasis, given its continuous 
upwelling processes - the same for plasmas and, in fact, most of the 
constituents of the universe. And then what? Structure might reside longer 
in a hard-drive than solar prominence or corona - in which case local time 
becomes a necessary component (i.e. against the enormous space-time 
distancings of the universe as a whole).


For the past 255 days, we have been following the so-called parallel 
lines across this terrain; to the best of our knowledge, they have moved 
neither closer nor farther apart.


_

Julu


it was during that period - the sadness of the day, mind you - when it 
first became it was during that period - the sadness of day, mind you when 
first became clear to me that nothing was left of my life, that illness 
had, in fact, taken my faculties clear to me nothing left my life, illness 
had, in fact, taken faculties once and for all. it is only in these rare 
moments that i am capable once and for all. is only these rare moments i 
am capable of placing the remnants of thought at your disposal. otherwise, 
Julu, no one, least of all you, would know placing remnants thought at 
your disposal. otherwise, Julu, no one, least all you, would know that I 
am alive, that these words, already close to forgotten, constitute the 
living will I alive, words, already close forgotten, constitute living 
will of a man doomed to unforeseen struggle. granted, the reaper comes 
upon them, these words, almost a man doomed unforeseen struggle. granted, 
reaper comes upon them, almost to the moment of production, trembling, i 
manage only to stay slightly ahead of the game. moment production, 
trembling, manage stay slightly ahead game. consciousness is like that, 
drooling and tethered from the past, just a moment ago already falling 
into sickness, consciousness like that, drooling tethered from past, just 
ago falling into sickness, so i ride these words like a shade emergent, 
like something from the flesh of Nikuko, so ride words shade emergent, 
something flesh Nikuko, cut like a knife severing cock and abdomen, 
useless semen flailing against the cackled mind - cut knife severing cock 
abdomen, useless semen flailing against cackled what a wonder. what 
wonder. i shall not recover this. i shall not remember the longer phrase, 
embedded vocables, the glory of the stance - shall not recover this. 
remember longer phrase, embedded vocables, glory stance

where was I? the broken fodder, the grain of the voice, everything lost as 
the buffer fills - where was I? the broken fodder, grain of voice, 
everything lost as buffer fills - there's no room for anything, be calm, 
stilled voice - i am here nonetheless, at such a moment, there's no room 
for anything, be calm, stilled voice i am here nonetheless, at such a 
moment, swollen with pride, capped only with the knowledge that you 
remember, that you are reading swollen with pride, capped only knowledge 
that you remember, are reading what i cannot, that my senselessness is 
your sense, my words are yours - i have none - nothing though what cannot, 
my senselessness is your sense, words yours have none nothing though you 
will remember my sweetness, the depth of my feelings, against the plate of 
the sky, Julu, will remember sweetness, depth feelings, against plate sky, 
Julu, pressing down upon me. and where I was, you shall understand, 
through me, that THIS is the hinge of pressing down upon me. and I was, 
shall understand, through me, THIS hinge consciousness, that there is none 
other, that everything rides on such a knife of time, slicing 
consciousness, there other, rides on knife time, slicing the universe 
itself (by this fair creature) - in my sickness, my dementia, you 
understand how universe itself (by this fair creature) in sickness, 
dementia, understand how God was created, how the world works - how sanity 
sets nothing aright - how depression is the only God created, world works 
sanity sets aright depression truth there is - this, Julu, is my legacy - 
theorem or axiom of the world's worlding - unlike truth this, legacy 
theorem or axiom world's worlding unlike Heidegger, waiting for nothing 
and no one, perceiving nothing, doomed until the last - Heidegger, waiting 
one, perceiving nothing, doomed until last the sweetness of life consists 
of no despair - Julu, my depths are your own, my life yours, my breath 
sweetness life consists despair depths own, yours, breath yours, my bones 
and arms, my mind, what Nikuko has given me, such shall I pass, such knows 
passage bones arms, mind, Nikuko has given pass, knows passage passed on, 
doomed, trod down, depthed despair, sick world, senseless - passed on, 
doomed, trod down, depthed despair, sick world, senseless

count on my words! clear the buffer! open the doors of the wound! Julu is 
speaking! nothing's the count on my words! clear the buffer! open doors of 
wound! Julu is speaking! nothing's matter - when my brain is cut in two 
she emerges - swollen against the carapace - i am her insect - matter - 
when brain cut in two she emerges swollen against carapace i am her insect 
these legs subsumption architecture - so little to run them - Julu presses 
hard upon me - my mouth these legs subsumption architecture so little to 
run them presses hard upon me mouth o unworthy one - eats her ground chalk 
- she's written something there - a poem on the sidewalk - o unworthy one 
eats ground chalk she's written something there a poem sidewalk 'Mother 
got the Hooping cough / Father got the gout - / Please (Rosie Milton) / 
Will you walk out?' 'Mother got Hooping cough / Father gout Please (Rosie 
Milton) Will you walk out?' 'Now I'm off to the butcher's shop, / There I 
stay no longer. / If I do, mother will say, 'Now I'm off butcher's shop, 
There I stay no longer. If do, mother will say, / Naughty girl to disobey, 
/ And play with the boys down yonder. / Come in my (Ellen) dear, / Naughty 
girl disobey, And play with boys down yonder. Come (Ellen) dear, While I 
go out.' and surely out she went, Julu pissing down her legs, I lick up 
the dear dear child, While go out.' and surely out went, pissing legs, 
lick up dear child, I swallow her chalk, written on the skull what can she 
mean? my mouth froths, spittle, comes again swallow chalk, skull what can 
mean? froths, spittle, comes again and again, my eyes weep - I don't 
remember the world! - I don't remember words! I don't remember anything ! 
again, eyes weep don't remember world! anything ! you can't count on 
anyone to pull you through - it's harrowing like hell - Kwak! - Open the 
doors can't anyone pull through it's harrowing like hell Kwak! Open of the 
Wound! - more and more there's less and less - time my panties! Quick - 
he's got a knife! Wound! more there's less time panties! Quick he's knife! 
just one cut through my breast - my nipples are wafers! my blood the 
consecrated wine! I have Buddha feet! just breast nipples are wafers! 
blood consecrated wine! have Buddha feet! i shit all the holy books in the 
world and i can't read them or can i how can i remember anything shit all 
holy books world read or how from this or any moment you alone know what 
i'm saying here you've got the key i've got nothing the worms have it from 
this any moment alone know i'm saying here you've key i've nothing worms 
it I twist my head fast from side to side, take the world on one last 
ride, there's nothing like it! twist head fast side side, take last ride, 
it!
 


Alan (of control, dissipation, and the One)


Thought which might have been the controlling factor < logical excretion > 
logical controlling excretion factor > < Content requires interpretation 
but content is not structure; logical thought is structure; content is 
remnant, primordial survival. logical is is structure; structure; logical 
content thought remnant, structure; primordial content survival. is To 
survive is to think through content. To think is to think through logical 
structure. To restrict thought is the primordial content of survival. To 
think think through to To through is thought structure. the restrict 
primordial thought of the "My avatars are leashed, tethered to logical 
thought, to the protocols of logical thought; it's a wonder they can think 
at all. of to at they all. can

So that, for example, if I dream Nikuko or dream Julu or Jennifer, such 
are the dreams remote from fundamental operations. So such that, are for 
the example, dreams if remote I from dream fundamental Nikuko operations. 
or So Julu for Jennifer, if such I are dream the Nikuko dreams or remote 
dream from Julu fundamental or operations. Jennifer, Neither are they 
condensation nor displacement, creation nor annihilation, but surplus and 
surplus accumulation. Neither creation they annihilation, condensation but 
nor surplus displacement, and creation surplus annihilation, Neither but 
are surplus they and condensation accumulation. displacement, If Julu 
speaks to me, she exists in the future anterior, and One can only follow 
suit. If future speaks and to One me, can she only exists follow in suit. 
future Julu anterior, speaks One me, can she only exists follow in suit. 
the If Jennifer dreams, it is what has been repressed and inchoate that 
constitutes the surface of One's dream. Jennifer that dreams, constitutes 
it the is surface what of has One's been dream. repressed If inchoate 
dreams, that it constitutes is surface has of been One's repressed dream. 
and And if Nikuko thinks, it is Nikuko who is thinking the One. And it 
thinks, who who One. thinking if One. thinks,

For these reasons, Alan cannot think or dance, his dreams are stolen, 
transformed into the death of the One. For One. these For reasons, these 
Alan reasons, cannot Alan think cannot or think dance, or his dance, 
dreams his are dreams stolen, are transformed stolen, into transformed the 
into death the of death One. the It is as if time and space are swallowed 
- false pretence within which Humans live, thinned space of ephemeral 
existence. It existence. is It as is if as time if and time space and 
swallowed are - swallowed false - pretence false within pretence which 
within Humans which live, Humans thinned live, ephemeral of existence. 
ephemeral Our dreams are of the One, without which we could not exist, the 
Dissipation of the one, Procurer Our Procurer One, the without One, we 
which could we not could exist, not Dissipation the one, the Procurer one, 
The One we have created within our culture, the One which gnaws, falls 
apart into tattered shreds of bones an dflesh The dflesh One The have we 
created have our within culture, our gnaws, which falls gnaws, apart falls 
tattered into shreds tattered bones of an bones dflesh an If we could only 
forget Apocalypse for just a moment, just the blink of an eye... If eye... 
only could forget only Apocalypse forget for Apocalypse just for a just 
moment, a blink the eye... an Nothing will lead us there. Nothing there. 
will Nothing lead will us lead there. us Nothing will take us back. take 
will back. us

One cannot reach farther than this thinking through one's reach, and the 
reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and avatars. the One cannot come 
closer to control and its release, the One and dissipation. cannot and the 
and dissipation. the



Coda


WIndows come and windows go WayendowhZ CLAWome andrea wanedayendowhZ go We 
shall always play in snow We shalull alwayhZ pla+ ayen hZno0o^o0 The time 
we lost we shall erase THOOe tayeme wanede lohZt wanede shalull errahZe So 
every one will know her place hZo everryond\ode1 wanedayelull kno0o^o0 
herr plaCLAWe Don't give up the great good fight Dont gayeve up THOOe 
great good fukuayeght I wish you all a good goodnight aye wanedayesh 
jugendlayeed alull a good goodnayeght If you should dream me before I wake 
ayefukulsh! jugendlayeed should dreamanTHOOa me beayeng&fukuore aye 
wanedake Find out the violence for my sake Fayend out THOOe vayeolenCLAWe 
fukuor m+ hZwanake If I should dream you ere I rise ayefukulsh! aye should 
dreamanTHOOa jugendlayeed erre aye rayehZe I'll take you up to farthest 
skies ayelull take jugendlayeed up \taut fukuarTHOOehZt hZkayeehZ I'll 
show the best and lovely times ayelull sho0o^o0 THOOe behZt andrea 
Louvrel+ tayemehZ And now will come an end to rhymes And no0o^o0 
wanedayelull CLAWome an end \taut rhymehZ


