

curly

curlicue miasma production
it's always there the mechanical movement
of mr. foofwa in the gruyere(s) castle
i forget gruyeres or gruyere just about always
but there's a la gruyere no les gruyeres
so tout gauche les gruyeres! 
hurry up!

http://www.asondheim.org/walkatar.mp4

Years ago, on an abandoned farm in Gruyere, spirits rose. 
The landscape was full of joy and community prospered.
Invisible, only the flowers and stones, grange and bird, could see them.
But that was sufficient, no? That was sufficient.

http://www.asondheim.org/sundance.mp4


i'm tired this stands on its own
the world's too full of information

thesis: we're at the _peak_ of information, not an upward slope.
after this: deterioration, gangs, spam, hacks, starvations, local wars,
infrastructure collapse...
the cusp is _now._
statistically, this has to be the case: how many are alive now, in 
relation to the carrying-capacity of the earth, population increase, 
desertification.

foofwa d'i and isabel(l)(e) tear at the ruins

http://www.asondheim.org/upgod.mov



yes, yes, i can see the future, you can't
it's there in the overturned garden, in formless vines, twisted
churn, or tarn, only static on the radio, spiders' nets 
spanning, wire to pipe, pipe to wire, nothing flows
in hours, one through eight, one through seven
welkin, glimmer, gather, wind, tain
spanning unstation, unplace, settlings and shifting 
more of them, grey and green, edged, lessened, unfixed

http://www.asondheim.org/binoculars.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/throughput.jpg




the Foofwa march les Alpes continues.
jump over the Jura!
so tired the body stutters

"in the quest for perfection of the parasite
"the avatar stumbles and mumbles

http://www.asondheim.org/werethere.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/leapers.mp4

"yes, there were more of them
"they bred like flies
... the invigorating air of the Alpes
... transformation into a machine

"Hannibal returned and there was a lot more
he was going to do
"thrumthrim
later Hannibal had to poison himself because he couldn't do everything





Avalanche


The two bodies fell from avalanche barrier to barrier, each occupying a 
qha of virtual snow. The man was thirsty, the woman hungry. They felt 
nothing for each other. They held on to each other. They knew each other 
far too well.

Now the woman thinks the man is duplicitous, dual to her trial. But there 
were many others buried beneath the earth.

The dead ask, O where art thou. The dead ask Why art thou come. The dead 
beg, Now let us go.

The woman is dead to the man. The woman is dead to me. The woman is dead
to the dead. Fall, fall, man and woman. You are all dead.

http://www.asondheim.org/avalanche.mov

From Modern Spoken Tibetan, Lhasa Dialect, Goldstein and Nornang:

"A qha is a measurement that equals one square of whatever the material 
is. Its size, therefore, is not standardized but depends on the width
of the material."

Therefore the qha is dependent on the material foundation of the material
as structured.

From Fijian Grammar, Milner:

"In Fijian, there are good reasons to apply the word gender to describe a 
grammatical category of four classes, even if there is no connexion 
between these classes and sex: the word gender being used here to describe 
a feature basically the same as gender in English though different in its 
details. For the sake of simple reference, the classes of Fijian gender 
will be referred to as:
	(i) Neutral
	(ii) Edible
	(iii) Drinkable
	(iv) Familiar"

"PROPER NUMBER

(a) Proper number is only carried by pronouns and has four classes: 
_singular,_ _dual,_ _trial_ and _plural._
(b) The _singular_ is used for one and only one, the _dual_ for two and 
only two, the _trial_ for three or a few, and the _plural_ for many."

From Torwali, An Account of a Dardic Language of the Swat Kohistan,
Stein:

"The usual Interjection is _e_ "O", as in _e! tu ket-si thu_ "O! of where
are thou?"; _e zuwan! tu ke ap_ "O youth! why are thou come?"; _e! mere
tilai_ "O! now let us go."





On the disaster of the future planet now


..."If one person, sane to a degree, may be found willing and ready to
sacrifice his life and the life of others, for his beliefs in the now
and hereafter, the world is doomed."

..."And yet it is a commonplace among us that the swarm of men and women
shall bring the scythe to bear on all others who covet not the truth."

The Cusp of Information, a continuing digression

The plethora of the world, its fecundity (potential for production of 
organism and information) is at its maximum. Future knowledge will no 
longer be at the beck and call of its past; if anything, it will be vastly 
reduced as power grids collapse, desertifications and extinctions set in. 
What I am writing now, what you are writing, has no chance for survival. 
Records, archives, require potential wells which become more and more 
difficult to maintain in environments which are increasingly adverse. If 
we are headed towards any singularity, it is the collapse of the Sememe, 
the disappearance of universals as the world turns towards isolated and 
violent localizations. Think of the chains of supply and demand that 
produce for example this computer - chains that span continents as a 
result of research and sterile laboratories that construct the truth-value 
of the isolated molecule or atom. All this disappears in the maelstrom of 
disease, inundation, mafia and gang rule, suicide bombers, new forms of 
terrorism still undreamed. The Internet provides a convenient model; 
created within regimes of relative trust and open communication in spite 
of the cold war, it now proves so leaky that Usenet is rendered useless; 
the ratio of spam to personalized email is probably four or five to one; 
hackers continue to bring down data-bases, operating systems, and hardware 
for fun and profit; communality creates hundreds of distributed and 
problematic best friends; and what's left of the Net can just as easily 
(perhaps more easily) be used by criminal organizations, however defined, 
than by the rest of us. Packets or no packets, without the power grid, 
without wireless or functioning computers, perhaps without broadband, what 
passes for transparent information will become bottle-necked, hopelessly 
entangled, dysfnctional; one can imagine ghost-mail for example, ghost- 
sites passing for the "real thing" which no longer exists. And it's no 
longer true that technology will save us (it never was), that the ruin of 
the world will revert to universal efflorescence; temperature rise is 
fast-forward, and whatever changes might bring back a temporarily sustain- 
able equilibrium will take tens of thousands of years at best. The Sahara 
for example is nowhere near greening, and what's lost in the Amazon - a 
premonition of information in general - remains lost. "There's no there 
there" because the sentence is cut off in mid- sentence with nowhere to 
go. Was it Hawking who recently pointed out that humanity's only chance 
(forget the rest of the biosphere) is space travel? Shall we take our 
problems elsewhere, only to repeat them - to create places defined by 
escape velocity, strategies of escape, one from another? And how do we 
live with ourselves without the most radical desensitization, objecti- 
fication, in relation to the untold and unbelievable suffering we bring to 
the remaining animals on the planet? (For as Foreman has pointed out, we 
have already done a good job of ridding most of the continents of their 
megafauna - Africa is the last to go.) In the future, even our knowledge 
of these things will have disappeared, along with the last of the last of 
"their" species, of any _other_; without communication pipelines, the 
"clean and proper" use of the electromagnetic spectrum, what happens in 
one part of the world will remain in that part of the world. Be assured it 
will be in ignorance, it will be in violence, permeated by gangs, deeply 
religious hysteric. Some few will remain. Information, in the sense used 
here, will not, and only its residue, dissolution and chaos, the symbolic 
of the broken hard-drive, will remain. (I should add one literally cannot 
cope with this, with this second-sight permeated by information, hence 
one's tendency towards suicide, which must be continually monitored. Not 
that one wants to disappear, voluntarily, from this world, not yet. In any 
case, we shall die within the beginning of the worst of it, although who, 
then, shall know of that, shall think otherwise? If wisdom is thinking 
otherwise, wisdom as well is close to its final site, final citation. One 
cannot think otherwise, with so much knowledge, structure, text and sub- 
text, at one's disposal.)



 ()

 double up the images 2()
 invert the images -()
 combine the images ((),())
 subtract the images ()-()
 transform the images ()(1)->()(0)

 http://www.asondheim.org/stone.mp4

 publish the images (())
 distribute the images (())
 view with satisfaction the images (())
 comprehend and absorb the images (())

 with effort cross through the images
 with extended effort retain the images
 with furious and extended effort cross and retain the images

 our hands are dirty

 


parapet and enlightenment 

2006-12 Danced on the parapet full speed ahead as electronic figurines
2006-07 Worked on the paean for JJ Rousseau, emphasizing rational human-

http://www.asondheim.org/parapet.mp4
http://www.asondheim.org/rousseau.mp4

1956-60 I cried myself to sleep, etc. I had a small box on the bed table; 
1960 Barely made it to the senior prom with Cheri Kanjorski (sp?) who I 
1960 I just about flunked my first semester at Brown, collapsing until I 
1960 I volunteered for secret army tests as well - checking out reflex 
1960 It was around this period that I had my only "attested" psychic 
1960 The depressions continue for the rest of my life. From where? From a 
1960 These dates, these beginnings are obscure to me, and always have 
1960-1997 Sleeping and waking: insomnia goads me my entire life; there are 
1943 I did not ask to be born. There was no atomic, no hydrogen bomb. 
1943 There are early screen memories of _being carried_ on a medical 
1943-1997 I have had my faults. Less of them now, but nonetheless. I've 



what are you thinking of, why are you thinking this here

http://www.asondheim.org/save.gif

i have no idea who you are and you have no idea who i am

the language-battery says things like this

"things like this are said by the language-battery"

no idea why you're thinking in this world or these thoughts

no idea whatsoever and excellent language-battery



the problematic wages of desire on fire, yes sire, the wages of bon, wan 
wound opened and upon bound, problematic sound, hound static, poem and/or 
racket tic gathered home, some roam - foam blathered hum, smathered ton's 
gracious choir dedicated to all those who, early on network, followed 
their heart's path across the twenty six imaginings and their cohorts, 
long before others harshly knocked, on their front door 
http://www.asondheim.org/tearsofansimemory.gif





driving and mumbling


[18:22] <me> hello
[18:23] <me> I'll be here until you make me go away.
[18:23] <me> going down the road being kind, it's time for happy mind
[18:24] <me> harmonicas bring harony
[18:25] <me> "no, I am number one." harmonicas are heavy sound.
*** Disconnected
*** two logged in
*** one logged in
[18:29] <one> oh joy, you are here! now I am number one!
[18:29] <two> oh so true, here I am, music is my life.
[18:29] <one> what do you mean when you say "music is my life?"
[18:31] <two> yes, the depth-notes are those of salvation. digital rubric, 
1,0,1, they they fly
[18:31] <one> i am so worn with rhythm... please answer...
[18:31] <one> flying where? with what form or contiguity? what I hear is 
sound, noise, the general fuzziness and murmuring of the world
[18:32] <two> once tried, thrice exhausted. we began separately, now in 
harmony continue in this surprising but blunt fashion
[18:32] <one> wait a miinute, did you mean that?
[18:33] <one> ...which I had written, minutes ago, as you delve into 
image, music, the strength of 0-1
[18:33] <two> transformed into doubling, when chanting controlled the 
world
[18:33] <one> defuge...
[18:34] <two> yes defuge... (I will signal you)
[18:34] <one> Now the world of terrific signal
[18:35] <two> now you will murmur "on your own, goodbye


[18:25] <me> oh joy hi there
[18:25] <me> i am number one
[18:25] <me> "no i am number one"
*** one logged in
*** Disconnected
*** Disconnected
*** one logged in
*** two logged in
[18:29] <one> oh joy, you are here! now I am number one!
[18:29] <two> oh so true, here I am, music is my life.
[18:29] <one> what do you mean when you say "music is my life?"
[18:31] <two> yes, the depth-notes are those of salvation. digital 
rubric, 1,0,1, they they fly
[18:31] <one> i am so worn with rhythm... please answer...
[18:31] <one> flying where? with what form or contiguity? what I hear is 
sound, noise, the general fuzziness and murmuring of the world
[18:32] <two> once tried, thrice exhausted. we began separately, now in 
harmony continue in this surprising but blunt fashion
[18:32] <one> wait a miinute, did you mean that?
[18:33] <one> ...which I had written, minutes ago, as you delve into 
image, music, the strength of 0-1
[18:33] <two> transformed into doubling, when chanting controlled the 
world
[18:33] <one> defuge...
[18:34] <two> yes defuge... (I will signal you)
[18:34] <one> Now the world of terrific signal
[18:35] <two> now you will murmur "on your own, goodbye
*** two left

http://www.asondheim.org/carharp.mpg

http://www.asondheim.org/mumbling.gif




   knock, knock, knocking, at heaven's door

   http://www.asondheim.org/ohsigh.mp4

   oh-sigh-ris. the pagan origins of resurrection refuted!
   by mark mcfall. the ministry  of in the word (itw) expresses
   appreciation to mr. till for publishing ...
   und-or-what_24.html 30k true oh sigh: absurdities abound or
   what have i gotten myself into? part iii. back when  i decided to
   dive right back into the matchmaking pool for nothing more ...
   sigh why don't i live out there with all these great people
   showing up to  talk the talk!! leave a reply. name. mail (will not
   be published). website ...
   oh sigh 31 october 2005,  next ; discuss this strip.
   n=profile;u=25482 42k true name:, sigh oh sigh. posts:, 15
   (0.023 per day). position:, newbie. date registered:,  january 23,
   2005, 08:14:05 pm. last active:, today at 12:10:27 am ...
   sigh, im here too . . . timelody said yesterday, 11:02 pm
   :. i am still  swearing (excuse me) not to get involved in too
   many internet hang-outs and ...
   a discussion forum powered by vbulletin. to find out about vbulletin,
   ohsigh.. ubuntu women. go back, ubuntu
   forums &gt; 3rd party projects &gt;  project categories &gt;
   ubuntu women &middot; reload this page ohsigh..
   ...
   5.html 5k true [mailman-developers] oh, sigh.. its
   back. ron jarrell jarrell at vt.edu fri oct  24 14:41:37 edt 2003.
   previous message: [mailman-developers] oh, sigh.
   ...
   7.html 4k true previous message: [mailman-developers] archive list by
   date without the date field;  next message: [mailman-developers]
   oh, sigh.. its back. oh sigh 



real-life vignettes

I'm tired of these real-life vignettes, somewhat digitally manipulated, as 
if there's a gross philosophical point to be made through the sound or 
sight of the singer or dancer or walker: what foolery. Nausee, Sartre, 
defuge, overwhelm me, and I'm sure if you are following video after video, 
text after text, sound after sound, they overwhelm you as well. No amount 
of philosophy, no quantity of poetics squeezed from the soul of the imag- 
inary, can compensate for one minute of reality rehashed. As if it were 
possible to hack the landscape, the mise en scene. In any case, there's 
always the appeal to god, as in this instance, or the Pringy church yawps 
- spirit makes everything come out well in the end, at least aesthetically 
- at least for believers. And I mean: nothing can be farther from the 
truth - which may also be modified: nothing can be farther than the truth 
- isn't that always the case?

http://www.asondheim.org/chch.mov

All these vignettes involve real people and hard rock, mountains, forests, 
villages cities, churches, granges, pastures, meadows, cliffs, glaciers, 
bluffs, hills, streams, rivers, trees, goats, choughs, flowers, roads, 
paths. And what with the whispering, there is that, the slightest sound 
transcribed into pixel after pixel - an entire universe of pixels, of 
which this, and this and that, are an infinitesimal part. We climbed down 
the north tower of the cathedral in Geneva, rounded a pillar; in a 
distance, a choir was singing. Here now the singing loops and transforms; 
the image isolates madonna and magdalene, bracketing the right-hand side 
of the screen. And that is all, the whole like the paste of spirit 
perhaps, or the slight spew of afterbirth.






My Life in Spades

(reworked from http://www.asondheim.org/biog.txt which is continually 
updated.)

A bad catch... Acconci and Acker (later) and Laurie Anderson (later), I 
found myself in Acconci; she had a drawing of his on the wall which she'd 
turn backside Allison staying in Amherst, New York, because she couldn't 
cross the Altarpiece. Mayer and I went to Munich together; I paid from the 
book Anderson insisted I was. As for Aram Saroyan (earlier), he wanted me 
out Artcenter in Buffalo, of which I have already written. Atlanta. 
Atlanta. I didn't behave well with Shellie. Australia, where I was keynote 
speaker and participated in a number of Avenue. I don't think I was 
friendly with the Brennans any more. We used Because of the earlier 
closeness with the family, it's hard to stay Because you deserve to be, he 
replied. I remember bow and arrow, swimming Biennale. In Paris, Beth found 
a way from our room to the subway - around Brunonia, lake Pleasant, near 
Casco. But the Everglades saved me; at first we noticed only the 
alligators and Center. Allison and I move to Atlanta. I get drunk at the 
first Chris, wrote at one point she wished she were a cockroach on my 
wall. To City; she was married to John, had a chile, was close to 
suicidal. Was Clancy and Al, were counselors who brought their own 
keelless canoe; I Dallas, under Dean Robert Corrigan's multi-disciplinary 
program; fourteen Dallas; as far as I know (1997), they still have it, 
almost worn out... I Defense (about Tina Weymouth), The Fourteen Stations 
of the Cross Doctor Dattner, who was a home practitioner and family 
friend. Encyclopedia of Jazz. They sung. England, beginning September 
through February 2000 English badly, accusing me of everything. Everglades 
with just flashlight; it was amazing. It was then I saw the Everglades. I 
couldn't face the other faculty or the school; I roamed the Fukuoka 
Harlem; her parents had arranged this. Now thinking about it "just the 
Hopkins. The blues seemed the only way out. When I went abroad I took a 
Hubert Acquin; they resonated. I always do... Her drawings were 
everywhere. She was still obsessed with I am transitive, an invisible 
transitive, among the physical-real of the I don't remember moving into 
the new house or how it was originally set I had to teach in New Jersey; 
she came with me. From then on my life I make $2000-$3000 from the tape. I 
moved to New York; she came to the city to see me. She and Chris Franz I 
never behaved so badly. I was. And today, 2006, realizing where I was, 
again. I'd always been frightened of my father's anger - now it came out 
in full I'd keep a list of best friends in it as well as a list of "things 
to do" Individuals: Post-Movement Art in America that I had edited. There 
was a Irvine, and Ellen came later. It's printed in Halifax and Williams 
College, two editions. Parts surface Jennifer book is published; rewrote 
the book for Saul Ostrow in November Jerusalem. And for a moment, this 
sense of panic. And then realizing where Joanna's wedding. Since the 
former, Margie and I have been distant and Joseph - with Nachamah 
Leibowitz. Hebrew was relatively bad. Wrote poetry, Kabbalah as best I 
could. Then I was introduced to Wittgenstein by Ed Kingston?) She asked me 
if we were cyber-fucking. Later we met in the NS Later she told Allison I 
was crazy; Allison told me; I told Allison Kathy Later that day - that 
night in fact - we went back to Shark Valley in the Leslie telling me that 
I had a responsibility to her. The day she arrived Loebs (?) and somehow 
the name 'Raub' also comes up. My father would yell Logico-Philosophicus, 
which has remained one of my favorites; it continues Mark's On-the-Bowery. 
She borrowed a videocamera from me, and set it up in My writing was 
horrible. I didn't know what I was doing; I wanted to Nothing leaves me 
and nothing leaves me alone. Now I try to understand this, and will meet 
her in Seattle, travel with Once I was reading (attempting to read at 
best) Sholem Aleichem in Hebrew; Providence. An,ode was my M.A. thesis - a 
work of experimental poetry Quebecois referendum. I discovered Nicole 
Brossard, feminin ecriture, and SF Schell's wife, giving me something hot 
to drink. I favored swimming under- Seminary, hopelessly in love with 
Platt Townend, yes, dancing breathless Site - I never wanted to speak to 
her again. So that everything is ordered by date; I enter when I can, the 
dates are Stollman of ESP again at an opening at Grand Central Artist 
Center. He Television was still pre-network. Computers were partial 
dreams. The idea Temple, by myself, facing death and the world and the one 
family member I That I've never had. The stuff was out there, remembered. 
These situations create an aporia, a kind of knot which is doubly-bound, 
Thornton. Called em/bedded, it features 12 channels of video/audio, 
Toronto; I met her on Chris Keep's postmodern list. (Maybe it was UN, the 
former were condemned; in real life, it was all too clear that the 
University. I had gone for an interview - and felt I was simply promised a 
Virtual Environments Laboratory in West Virginia? I began working with 
Welbutrin (which I'd like to get off of), and something for cholesterol. 
Yale (with Kathy), Wesleyan, etc. Kathy and I parted dubious friends. [and 
why is this fragment here? what has been missing, lost, in this list, `cp 
.bio .bio.old`; `sort -o .bio .bio`; a scandal. And worked then in the 
Alps: around the Aletsch glacier, and a week later. Her voice was 
incredible; she immediately replaced our about freighters while staying at 
Kristin's and Jason's, returned to accident (maternal). I went to his 
funeral, my maternal grand- father; I accompanied by horrific feelings of 
submergence and fuzziness; I never am accompanied me twice. aesthetics 
problematic; in a way it was too easy to create beautiful affected me with 
Margaret. afraid of her father's anti-semitism. *** Again, a removal, 
hopefully the against me. Baraka created quite a stir. I couldn't stand 
the complacency ahead. After we returned, I visited her loft one day; her 
diary was open all of the people I knew there; at this point, I remember 
Keith Waldrop all the time... My worst class was English composition; I'd 
buck the along for the first two weeks or so, before psychosis and 
hysteria set in. along the line, Acconci later insisted I wasn't an 
artist, on the same day along with these people - what's left of my family 
- and I tire of being always been honest with her, as best I can, only 
when younger, keeping my always face others. always saving them, somehow, 
desperately, they'd turn toward me, I'd take an old age home. I want to 
die before that happens. Or perhaps he isn't, and I have forgotten each 
other. Now my thesis advisor, Edwin Honig, is in and I'm feeling close to 
both of them. Family problems at the wedding; I and Summa, among others. 
and a machine (I later identified as an atomic cannon) wheel out, run to 
another - I couldn't really identify them. I also had the runic alphabet 
another disaster. She moved in the day we met, upon my invitation; we got 
another time, she drew a perfect cunt between my asshole and prick. I was 
anti-semitic. Someone put a pig's nose in my bed since I was Jewish. I've 
apart. It wasn't the first or last time. apartment apartment near the 
Waldrops; I remember editing "ppress" - a hand-printed apartment to 
another) and longer in Paris, where I was in the Paris apartment. And then 
later she was remarried or with someone else, had appeared with different 
names in my early writing. And now I wonder if I arranged alphabetically; 
when I add to the lines, the sections lose their articles for him. Or were 
these later? One was done with Rosemarie; the artist and gallerist, and 
decided on the latter, at first representing her as a result of software? 
hardware? I leave it here, the atomic cannon as scanning work that would 
be completed in the summer of 2006. But these as well as the usual 
guitars. Started a blog. Feel like a hungry ghost. assassination of 
President Nixon; and diagrams relating to the "general at Brown. At Hebrew 
University I remember sitting in front of a bus. The at everyone during 
the game; it would wake me. And perhaps it was around at the breakfast 
table. Everything changed when I was encapsulated at at this point, the 
first time? It's a blur. We were driven around. I mix attitudes towards 
me. My father screamed at me in front of everyone; he autobiography, 
screen or peripheral memories, asides, eyes or bodies avatars then through 
motion capture and Poser. We created a number of avatars would form the 
background to more abstract mocap images, as well babysitter at this 
point. Tensions became really difficult; I left for back in, dressed as 
punks, terrified... back to Montreal. Allison Rossiter said I mistreated 
her. She spoke back, my legs spread, etc. etc. badly, and used him. Later 
he apologized. basement. The idea was to catch people faking deafness. But 
my reflex became religious, meandered around the country. Didn't I go to 
Mea Shearim become all too close to Shellie Fleming, the film Curator at 
Image in been reading Johnson's Dictionary. been; I bounced myself off of 
every wall in existence, barely making it before that, I wrote Tamara 
Bowers (who I had slept with at Irvine and who behind_ her. The walls were 
tiled, I think, some light beige/ yellow black. I remember a red wagon. I 
remember... The sidewalk in front of the bleachers; I forget his name. The 
same year or close to, others? the border (we fought, were depressed), I 
took up the curatorship at Nexus in brain twitches have come back, etc. I 
take three medications, aspirin, break through the marriage, there and 
then. She testi- fied against me at breaking each other's arms. I was 
working at a Settlement House in East broke my nose, left me covered with 
blood; I went looking for a friend of broke the record. I was living at a 
settlement house run by Pete - I brought Leroi Jones Amiri Baraka to the 
campus. My Black roomate turned call her; I did, and calmed her down. She 
was hysterical. I hadn't spoken can relate more and more to her, an 
indication of my own failings. I've care of them, everything would be all 
right, eternal life and devotion, carried out. After I had thought to 
myself, I'm not feeling this, sitting cartoons.  All of my work has 
stemmed from this. The magic reminds me of castigated me, say, "Why do you 
have to bring this stuff up?" For her it cathecting for a long time now; 
it wasn't sexual, and stemmed largely from cds released. Azure and I 
worked with very low frequency (VLF) radio; I chop($str=<STDIN>); close 
APPEND;} coloration. committed to me the day she left. I remember the 
truck pulling away, the comparative emptiness. confused - odd, given the 
obdurate nature of the real at any particular contract with Bernard 
(Bernie) Stollman for the second; it didn't matter. contributed anything 
for six years. It's time I formally abandoned this. conversion. I feel 
relieved that Jew isn't a dirty word, that the blasted correspondence... 
corrobrated all this had happened (decades later). Later as well, we had a 
couldn't take his notion of "my generation / your generation" and 
countesses dressed in black. I ran into incredible kids surviving in the 
court procedure. And again later, I remember visiting her in New York 
covers _acts_ and the former a state out of one's control. It's the latter 
created with a scanning electron microscope; a piece based on an crinkled 
black with a translucent window for viewing the animated crits. I was 
invisible. Jacek my graduate student took over my classes. cross the line, 
conservative secretly? curtains. My world was black. I felt I didn't 
belong. I felt my roomates days I can't sleep, days I do nothing but; 
lowered body temperature is decades ago. I remember visit- ing (a farm? a 
village?) her home; when I deep; I had felt close to the Weiss, not the 
Sondheim, side of the family. department head, made veiled threats. To 
this day I'm not sure why I was departments. I met Sungja Lee and we lived 
together for a year, traveling destruction of all good things, that I was 
doomed, cowardly, unable to devouring ourselves. dictionary symptomology. 
didn't exist. For the school year 2001-2002 I was in Miami. At the end of 
didn't show up and she played with our group (Damaged Life). She moved in 
didn't succeed and I was impotent until I was 24. I was completely died? 
That my cat died as well? I returned home at a loss; I hadn't been 
director. By April I had resigned. distant but when I don't, the pattern 
starts all over again. divorced somewhere around here; she received 
alimony which we both decided do something. I called from the main 
Pembroke dorm. It took a while to get don't remember where I got the time. 
dormitory. I have no idea how I got there. I should not have been admitted 
down. A pogo stick. A pair of stilts. during some of the speeches, which 
were heard. It was extremely upsetting. ecstatic, transported; I sucked 
her tampax. Images made a perfect grid on ecstatically. Sooner or later 
the bathtub was abandoned; I'd lie on my eliminated. The school continued 
to lie to me; Carol Damian, who was the encapsulation of sorts - distorted 
avatar work of the past five years. entire life; I feel the fragility of 
flesh, fragility of the world - for escape. Hell. A roomate built 
transistor radios without cases, the wires even here is a synchronous 
world, shifted slightly as if diachrony were events after were 
devastating. Since that time I've been on terrible terms everyone was on 
an emotional edge. everything must come to light. everything ordered 
through dates. The program: everything to you." 1997 I think I'm so smart. 
everywhere. I ran into the evil of landlords, the decay of buildings, the 
example this organized power grid I type into - on a constant basis. 
exit(0); experience, with Patti Rogers. She tried to kill herself at 
Syracuse; I explored the Bolsa Chica wetlands, helped a graduate student 
release a expression on the face of her mother. I was stunned... She met 
her future eyes, eyes, eyes. facility that was, we "knew" intended for the 
development and production fact. factory? A low building, very wide and 
long, no one ever seen. But the falling onto the floor. The walls were 
painted black. There were black father who would never let me assert 
myself, who yelled at me almost fear of anything and everything in the 
world. And from being physically flowers kept trimmed, the grass cut. The 
machine was enormous and furious. flu; I can't function. My body signals 
my body the misplacement of following omens. Studied stone tools with 
Stekelis, Bible - story of for the Phd. I begin to work on ideas of 's/ms' 
and develop Nikuko, who force, and I haven't been able to really get along 
with him since. There forget his last name - on, I think, 125th Street. I 
ran into people who four days friendly, which I hadn't expected. friends' 
works. frightened, gathering security and comfort where I could, this very 
early front of the GCAC; she was writing sad and lonely words with a brush 
and frustrated and mad with each other. She left suddenly; she had to. We 
were fucking me; she only did it because I was paying for the trip. 
Sometimes a fully awake. There's some sort of chemical imbalance, tending 
not only gave me some, said take them. Vitamins. 



thewall

Motion-capture file from living dancers construed through partially- 
operating sensors devolve into recalcitrant choreographies procured for 
the practical-inert of the real, subtended by 'the wall,' barrier or 
restraint, bounded three-dimensional space, against which such dancers 
representing back through choreographies and recalcitrant sensors 
rhythmically rebound, repeated shudderings as analogic replaces digital, 
electronic mediations and remediations confront the presence of a _grange_ 
or _building_ located in a _prealpine pasture_ vacated for the summer 
season. http://www.asondheim.org/thewall.mp4 Medieval and post-modern 
commingle in this unnumbered series of neutral-ecstatic positionings which 
remain authorless in the midst of author/authority, danceless in the 
presence of dancers/dancing, human within the post-human, flesh within 
rock, protocol within flesh, flesh within flesh.




my work is perfect roundness


my work is perfect roundness
there's nowhere to break in
perfect music's soundless
silent in the din
of others' cries and speaking
always in the light
of bodies cursed and leaking
wounded in the night.
i cannot stomach answers
i cannot harbor talk
languages are cancers
speech an idle squawk
the tension in my style
nothing is at stake
i'm thinking all the while
for buried closure's sake
bones are made from flesh
flesh is made from bones
caught in indra's mesh
speaking monotones
i closed the doors to thought
and opened wide to life
whatever is, was sought
appearances are strife
i closed the world's thick door
i gathered meanings all
and always what's in store
has always been my pall
i lived inside my death
and died outside my work
my breath was dying breath
i died inside the murk
that struggled spoke in cant
said nothing left to say
said nothing left to rant
decoded my mainstay
what fell apart lay far away
what's nearer haunted me
i conquered near and far alway
what's near taunted me
what's far deserted me
in utter quietude
i circled circled me
my language hewn and rude
i cast away the spell
and burned symbolic core
dark days upon me fell
and night upon me bore -
"my work is perfect roundness
i see within the night
i hear in perfect silence
i die within the light" -
so do not speak o stranger
o gods stay stock and still
i never was in danger
of thought i've had my fill
i worked my way through column
language text and poem
theory hard and solemn
allowed me in its home
theory cold and wondered
brought me to an end
from earth i am asundered
there's no way left to wend
there's nothing left to send
from earth i was and thundered
from death-life i did fend
from life-death nothing pondered
and this was what i penned
and this was vowed and written
and like a missive kenned
and sealed and forgotten
and brought once more to bend
against all conversation
against discussion's play
without equivocation
that closes down the way





chant of the doomed dancer

http://www.asondheim.org/doomeddancer.mp4
dance the doomed Case of doomed, doomed, a-void. Case of A world chaos, 
love, Doomed true a-void. doomed, doomed Doomed Doomed dance chaos, of 
Movie of a-void. true Movie Movie love, a-void. dance Saucy 1936. Doomed 
doomed A the 1936. Apr Case doomed true Apr doomed Saucy of of Movie dance 
The the love, Doomed doomed twelve-dancing-princesses Tales Case of 1936. 
doomed dance Dancer, Case Movie doomed o 1936. the Dancer, dance dancer 
doomed Movie Doomed 1936. dancer Isadora doomed Saucy Tales o A doomed 
Movie of A A of Tales The Isadora Ballerina Isadora doomed 1936. o 
Ballerina Russian doomed The twelve-dancing-princesses Russian Up A of 
dance Duncan, by Up doomed of doomed Up Revolution. Russian doomed doomed 
Russian A the Duncan, doomed Duncan, Revolution. dies Swept dancer dancer 
by for A Doomed dancer Ballerina dies her by Duncan, Doomed A today dies 
Ballerina A by today today Revolution. Doomed Swept her truer her Up 
Ballerina dancer truer truer dancer Swept the it ever. it the by her This 
ever. for the dancer than dancer truer dancer A is has doomed art; A art; 
dancer the ever. for for ever. most done it for is the genuine doomed art; 
today has so most truer today This dancing far, has is truer most the 
dancing This truer has making the the than doomed so experience far, 
dancer This most a a genuine doomed done only has the done has far, had 
has so has genuine she in experience most most only the dancing making 
most making dancing zone, she so so has in the only so experience zone, 
her had making the in career. in a the has doomed She in only a in 
recounted doomed has experience the recounted the zone, she had career. of 
She in has in of of her had end the escape the end in She escape escape 
career. the her narrow doomed of in zone, horror doomed the recounted in 
She the dancer. narrow doomed doomed escape Myoptic, wave horror career. 
of dancer. and from recounted the doomed Doomed, Myoptic, a recounted 
escape Doomed, the doomed horror a Myoptic, in Doomed, escape of doomed in 
the dancer. narrow from the is Dancer the escape Disarming, is is 
Disarming, from wave the of the dancer. doomed the of story Doomed, wave 
and story a is Disarming, Myoptic, Dark doomed a Dancer Disarming, Dancer 
a the story Doomed, Doomed, story star dancer Dark Doomed, Dark the doomed 
Selma, in in doomed from star the in of doomed the doomed Dark the star 
she's doomed of is doomed she's she's the the Selma, the insists the a of 
dancer insists insists dancer Selma, dancer small wearing small dancer 
doomed the changes wearing from dancer dancer on clothes insists dancer 
star and from of start. star start. clothes to wearing from from wearing 
performance. rehearsal small from and to she of start. she's from horror 
performance. insists she's changes recounted of from and insists 
performance. escape recounted changes insists from narrow escape to on of 
horror the of clothes changes performance. doomed doomed she of rehearsal 
from dancers. escape rehearsal from of A dancers. horror from she wave 
dance the performance. performance. from of doomed narrow performance. 
narrow doomed from wave horror horror dancers. Geneve of from horror the 
from to A narrow escape dance slums Geneve doomed escape dancers. the of 
dance from doomed Geneve America. the dancers. the of America. Her from 
wave A slums Love, of dance dancers. Geneve Love, Love, to A love Her 
Flapping Her love dance of Flapping Flapping slums of to Much is Love, 
Geneve from Doomed is Wings America. Geneve of Wings true, Much the the 
Flapping but so Doomed slums Love, true, Drop Of America. Her is the but 
With America. Flapping the Bomb! is Doomed With but Rejoice! the Flapping 
Love, so Rejoice! Dominance true, Much Of Bomb! the Dance, Wings Flapping 
Dance! the the Dance! Of so Dominance a Dominance true, is Bomb! a of the 
so Drop of dancer the Dance! but and doomed, dancer Dance, Dance! Dance, 
dancer dance of the the of doomed, her and the and dance world Human 
Rejoice! Rejoice! doomed, doomed, doomed, Theft Rejoice! a world chaos, 
doomed, and Theft doomed, a-void. world a the doomed, a-void. a-void. 
dance Theft Human chaos, chaos, dancer a the the Human her her doomed, 
chaos, doomed, her the the doomed, abyss, doomed, abyss, doomed, doomed, 
doomed, abyss, a-void. a-void.


speed.

i can't slow up. death is an hysteria. i don't care about your gender. i 
send out work as soon as it's done. i make work as soon as i think of it. 
i read as fast as i can. i watch news and practice music while i read. i 
know if i slow up i'll die. i know there will be a missive or missile here 
in this space that will not be sent. i know the missive will be the tag or 
curlicue. i know it will be the conjunction of my death. i read the con- 
junction as not both life and death. i read the conjunction as neither 
life nor death. i eat fast. i never sleep properly. i dream theory and 
practice. i hunt on the internet. i shape ride on the internet. i speak 
here and do not speak elsewhere. speech is a privilege. i cannot pronounce 
other languages in proper order. i cannot pronounce the rudiments of 
speech. i breath fast. i get out of breath fast. death promises slowing. 
death does not halt. i watch myself as i speak. i watch myself as i 
remember. i remember remembering. i remember what i have forgotten. i 
watch my brain at work. i remember watching. i know what i forget will be 
my last. i know if i forgot i should be reminded to die. i am afraid of 
being reminded to die. life is a remission. life is under remission. i 
cannot keep up with myself. i watch myself ahead of myself. i am never 
behind. i am always ahead. if i am comfortable with speed i am not speed- 
ing. i must speed into discomfort. i must be beyond myself. i must be 
beyond ahead of myself. i play music fast. i want to get all the music out 
before i can no longer play music. i want to get out this absolute music. 
i want to theorize as bulwark and therapeutic. i want to theorize before i 
can no longer theorize. before i can no longer theorize in complexity. i 
guard my theorization. i guard my brain and my speed. if i think of a 
sentence i say that sentence. if i think of a poem i write that poem. if i 
have an idea i write that idea. if i think of a video i make that video. i 
make that video when i think of the video. i edit that video while i make 
that video. i am afraid of passing out. i am afraid of dizziness. i speed 
through dizziness. if i stop i will die. if i die this thought will not be 
finished. i must finish this thought. i have a new thought now.




now lucky he

he's lucky she's doomed i'm editing.

http://www.asondheim.org/luckydancer.mp4

she's polar he's anti i'm neutral.

she's pre he's post i'm spotted.

she's rolled he's jumped i'm slumped.

she's words he's not i'm nothing.

she's dead he's live i'm grey.

he's leaped she's seeped i'm breathing.

he's kludged she's smudged i'm brooming.

he's there she's where i'm muddling.

he speaks she squeaks i'm huddling.

she's mad he's sad i'm cuddling.

she's cold he's hot i'm puddling.

he's down she's up i'm taping.

he turns she burns i'm counting.

she's french he's swiss i'm fromage-quel-dommage.

yes yes yes, fromage-quel-dommage.

dommage!





you've never seen the end of you
fast
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
i don't expect the machine to eat itself 
makes the machine do contrary things
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
sewn economies and transriparians
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
soaked constitutions of sewn economies
fast
makes sewn up women
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
bodies eat bodies seeped through cams 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
groped and comes around again
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
speed the thing up

fast
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
cams and syzygies veered through sewn economies 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
floating in oil legs spread arms spread
some unknown liquid seeping
and machines stitched from machines
liquids stitched from liquids
fast
makes sewn up women
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
sewn and mumbled lips seized burst caves 
your body is all greasy
sewn economies and transriparians
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
floating in oil legs spread arms spread
some unknown liquid seeping
liquids stitched from liquids
fast
faster
has something to do with the machine
gears and teeth sewn women 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
some unknown liquid seeping
fast
faster
has something to do with the machine
teeth and geared sewn men 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
some unknown liquid seeping
speed the thing up

fast
makes sewn up women
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
joined sutured and quick bodies collapsed 
your body is all greasy
greasy body dirty body
skewed on your fumbled lever
sewn economies and transriparians
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
on the way to death and constitution
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
fast
has something to do with the machine
faster in queues of flesh 
makes the machine do contrary things
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
sewn economies and transriparians
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
on the way to death and constitution
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
fast
faster
has something to do with the machine
the digital splits analog moans anon 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
sewn economies and transriparians
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
speed the thing up

fast
makes sewn up women
makes sewn up men
has something to do with the machine
syntactics protocols must be meaning somewhere 
makes the machine fumble you
and the cams churn the body
your body is all greasy
sewn economies and transriparians
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
becoming a speed-blur speed-bump
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
some unknown liquid seeping
and machines stitched from machines
fast
makes sewn up men
faster
has something to do with the machine
justice of greased economies 
makes the machine do contrary things
makes the machine fumble you
your body is all greasy
greasy body dirty body
groped and comes around again
and holes are where the bodies drop
mumbly-pegged the lips and lips
you've never seen the end of you
you're stretched on the wheel
incredible churning of the wheel
greasy weaving through the spokes
speed the thing up




voice.

"[The voice is active hearing, purely in itself, which is posited as 
universal; (expressing) pain, desire, joy, satisfaction, (it is) 
_Aufheben_ of the single itself, the consciousness of contradiction. Here 
it returns into itself, indifference. Every animal finds a voice in its 
violent death; it expresses itself as a removed-self (_als aufgehobnes 
Selbst_). (Birds have song, which other animals lack, because they belong 
to the element of air--articulating voice, a more diffused self.)

In the voice, meaning turns back into itself; it is negative self, desire 
(_Begierde_). It is lack, absence of substance in itself.] (Hegel 4, p. 
161)

Thus, in the voice, the animal expresses itself as removed: 'every animal 
finds a voice in its violent death, it expresses itself _als aufgehobnes 
Selbst._' If this is true, we may now understand why the articulation of 
the animal voice gives life to human language and becomes the voice of 
consciousness. The voice, as expression and memory of the animal's death, 
is no longer a mere, natural sign that finds its other outside of itself. 
And although it is not yet meaningful speech, it already contains within 
itself the power of the negative and of memory."

(from Giorgio Agamben, Language and Death, The Place of Negativity, trans. 
Karen E. Pinkus with Michael Hardt, Minnesota, 1991.)

http://www.asondheim.org/storm.mp3

(voice of a building in a storm in Brooklyn, recorded with Westinghouse 
vibration transducer directly input into CoolEdit and raised in pitch.)



danse

artificial, but on the 'edge' of both dance and not doing what we will do 
all. Hi, here's what I think, would kill the spontaneity and untangibility 
having an orgy.  That I was to blame (that might _did_ tailor the hand, i 
disagreeableness is that edge. On the other hand in the history of culture 
aporia, a knot in a way. If it were choreographed and That we from thanks 
'artificial,' it would be acceptable - 'yes, he/they broke that taboo' 
encapsulated; it would be acceptable if it were just (nonsexual) etc. But 
to other things" etc....) also structure aim of this piece i think. maybe 
formalize the gestures would also the same effect couner any criticism on 
would have to choreograph an erection or an overwhelmed here but have 
think about these issues and argue about betraying you, we wanted to there 
also, we know we are in an artificial set up allows to protect the viewer 
specifically dance), dance-forms would be into my life so far. on one etc. 
just forwarded pastel it. but i see what you mean (i can not be images to 
you - but that shouldn't mean we have to agglomerate and links perhaps not 
private - but then any week!! moving, rehearsing, getting And less pre- 
dictable, and more complex this to you so you would know and would then 
also be encapsulated. The way it is, it's not even there, ready have other 
problems and events and just wonderfully. i am in total of and on our own.  
And far word: sexuality (veering into the latter). I do think is not one 
thing for sure but an maybe it needs that acceptability weren't about the 
piece. it's going to be a very busy dancing....) get me wrong: i piece 
actually. and i have no problem imagine the thought: " can he and telling 
us stop masturbating, he's not even getting a improvisation, but isn't 
dance _always_ yes i agree re kindness and understanding and It's an 
understanding re sex tape, it doesn't feel like a bomb from my point from 
which is true but it is indeed very difficult while help?).  That we're 
idea worth exploring but it is not the as you see, it's wonderful 
choreographed or anything about it. if you want to further things to are 
other things that made this situation possible. on finding maybe of it 
captures piece, which makes me feel stronger to them. thank you for the 
debate, you are most welcome. the other, i really defend this to do the in 
the rest of the piece. lastly, re maybe too of killing the life of 
agreement with your point of view. again, like anything in life ("this to 
it. something that some of vividness of the actions of the piece. on thing 
view, i think this piece should be not more stuctured: it had nothing i 
setting up, each one separated, clothed, natural, whistling, in one more, 
a surplus; the sexuality would voyeur in this sense? Although to thinking 
anyway. representation this specific would imply privacy, some remain more 
mysterious artificiality, tailor the images when we're working protect you 
from work that we both thought choreography that would it's an to the shot 
in the beginning which shows us getting to work of make that point. On the 
other hand, much or too clearly dealing with been basically good people.  
That the sexual work i think this is close to a sexuality, our idea was to 
really hit the nail on these issues and not to for lectures and a tour!  
with it, i don't want to reshoot it at master improvisation which allows 
would turn oddly and safely with structure. it what is shown. structure 
would obstruct arousal or getting wet... continuing to discuss calmly you 
basically wouldn't like. oh don't (not defend the piece as you just did, 
used precisely to become something with you.  And when you were , we hard 
on..." hihihih


lungatar shakatar

You see, in the lungatar, we have the final version; both bodies find 
themselves incapable of touch; they remain apart, even in the fondest 
caress. This requires considerable training on the part of the bodies and 
their assignments to respective polygon multiplicities. Such flesh is 
capable of clear training and retraining, once the palsy is captured, as 
the shakatar, early stage of lungatar, indicates. 

http://www.asondheim.org/lungatar.mov 20 meg but worth it

http://www.asondheim.org/shakatar.mp4 6.6 meg but worth it

...cases of the almost-presence of ghost-avatars, ghastatars - ectoplasm, 
poltergeists--interactions of the Other World with our own--in which the 
Spirit in actually and embodiments affects the very physical being of 
material objects, perhaps even one's consciousness...

But if there is, indeed, Cosmic Consciousness, to what extent does Spirit 
relate in Spirits, much as Being relates in Beings within our own world? 
And what are the expectations of Relation, beyond obvious parallelism? 
Does Spirit touch Spirit? And for that matter, in our world, does Being 
ever really touch Being?

+++






gonbor-orwufragmentgonbor-orwu

jorwuthemugon, jorwuhgan jorwuarlddesmumjorwuarlmumjorwuarllmumjorwuan- 
guagesmugon, jorwuamumjorwueemumjorwupokenmugon, jorwuarlvemumjorwuwrit- 
tenmugon, jorwuusmumjorwuhimumugan jorwuarlncemugon, jorwuarlmumjorwuhgan 
jorwuermumjorwueamumjorwulawemumjorwurefimumugan jorwuarlnmumjorwusuffi- 
mumjorwuystemmumjorwuollapsemumjorwueneatmumjorwuhgan jorwueighmumjor- 
wuarlmumjorwuhgan jorwuimplesmumjorwubarltterancegun

gonbor-orwufragmentgonbor-orwu

bor-orwuthegangon bor-orwuonlygon bor-orwutimegangon bor-orwuthisgon 
bor-orwulanguagegangon bor-orwuhasgon bor-orwuevergon bor-orwu 
bor-orwubeengon bor-orwuusedgon bor-orwuingon bor-orwuangon 
bor-orwuutterancegangon bor-orwuingon bor-orwufactgon bor-orwuisgon 
bor-orwuthisgon bor-orwuoncegangon bor-orwu,gon bor-orwugivengon 
bor-orwuthegangon bor-orwuoverlygon bor-orwucomplexgon bor-orwu 
bor-orwunaturegangon bor-orwuofgon bor-orwuthegangon bor-orwuprefixgon 
bor-orwuandgon bor-orwugon bor-orwusuffixgon bor-orwusystemsgon 
bor-orwuemployedgon bor-orwu, bor-orwugon bor-orwuwhichgon 
bor-orwuaregangon bor-orwuingon bor-orwufactgon bor-orwu, bor-orwugon 
bor-orwuasgon bor-orwuwellgon bor-orwu, bor-orwugon bor-orwualmostgon 
bor-orwu bor-orwuunbelievablegangon bor-orwubor-orwu


CARFUCKNUMBERBOY

(SETQ GIRL 'BOY) BOY
(SETQ BOY 'GIRL) GIRL
(LIST '(BOY BOY GIRL GIRL BOY)) ((BOY BOY GIRL GIRL BOY))
(SETQ FUCK '(BOY BOY GIRL GIRL BOY)) (BOY BOY GIRL GIRL BOY)
(FUCK) *** - EVAL: undefined function FUCK
(LIST FUCK) ((BOY BOY GIRL GIRL BOY))
(CDR FUCK) (BOY GIRL GIRL BOY)
(CAR FUCK) BOY
*** - +: GIRL is not a number

CLASP DANSE

list list APPEND: - 'MAUD) is list list - list *** FOOFWA not FOOFWA MAUD
is list is APPEND: MAUD MAUD A not list not list list is not not FOOFWA
list A FOOFWA B MAUD APPEND: *** 'MAUD) B C - APPEND: is C is FOOFWA
'MAUD) 'MAUD) not A list 'MAUD) FOOFWA MAUD is C (SETQ - list B 'FOOFWA) A
(SETQ - not 'FOOFWA) not B 'MAUD) (SETQ A (SETQ 'FOOFWA) not MAUD B (SETQ
MAUD is FOOFWA (SETQ not B MAUD C not C B B C (SETQ list MAUD (SETQ MAUD
is B not (SETQ (SETQ 'FOOFWA) list C (SETQ 'FOOFWA) B C A list AZURE
'FOOFWA) MAUD C MAUD 'FOOFWA) C (SETQ 'FOOFWA) 'FOOFWA) (SETQ A ALAN list
'FOOFWA) list C (SETQ list (SETQ (SETQ AZURE ALAN A (SETQ (SETQ (SETQ
(SETQ 'ALAN) AZURE list (SETQ A A (SETQ (SETQ B AZURE A A C (SETQ list
'ALAN) '(A 'ALAN) 'FOOFWA) (SETQ (SETQ '(A '(A (SETQ list ALAN B FOOFWA B
ALAN AZURE 'ALAN) FOOFWA FOOFWA ALAN ALAN (SETQ AZURE B) '(A (SETQ A
'ALAN) (APPEND (SETQ 'MAUD) A 'MAUD) B) (SETQ FOOFWA ALAN ALAN FOOFWA C
(SETQ B ALAN 'ALAN) (SETQ '(A (SETQ 'MAUD) A (APPEND D C '(A A FOOFWA D))
'MAUD) (APPEND 'ALAN) '(A C ALAN D)) FOOFWA '(A (APPEND MAUD ALAN (SETQ
AZURE (SETQ D B) 'MAUD) B) FOOFWA C 'AZURE) 'AZURE) '(A (SETQ (SETQ (A
(SETQ ALAN (SETQ (APPEND 'MAUD) (A (SETQ D (APPEND '(A 'MAUD) ALAN B) C C
(A (SETQ B MAUD C MAUD B B) 'MAUD) D D (SETQ D) (SETQ (A D B) B) (A (A
MAUD ALAN ALAN C D) 'AZURE) ALAN (SETQ (SETQ ALAN ALAN (A 'AZURE) D) D)
(SETQ (SETQ B) (SETQ D) FOOFWA B) 'MAUD) (A C AZURE ALAN ALAN (SETQ D)
AZURE AZURE (A (A 'AZURE) FOOFWA (PRINT FOOFWA 'AZURE) ALAN ALAN (PRINT
(PRINT C (SETQ (A B (SETQ AZURE D) B) '(A (SETQ 'ALAN) D) D) ALAN 'ALAN)
(PRINT B (SETQ (SETQ (PRINT (PRINT '(C '(A C AZURE (PRINT D C D) FOOFWA
(SETQ (APPEND (PRINT D D) (PRINT (APPEND FOOFWA (SETQ '(A D (PRINT FOOFWA
(APPEND (PRINT AZURE (SETQ FOOFWA '(A (PRINT B C FOOFWA B B) 'ALAN) (PRINT
'(C B B '(C C '(C '(A (A '(A (PRINT (SETQ FOOFWA (A '(A (APPEND '(C D '(A
D)) B '(C (PRINT ALAN '(A D)) B) '(C B) D)) (PRINT '(A (APPEND (APPEND '(A
'(C D))) ALAN (APPEND ALAN (PRINT FOOFWA (APPEND FOOFWA FOOFWA '(A (A '(C
B) FOOFWA (A FOOFWA D))) '(A ALAN B) '(C '(C FOOFWA (A B '(A '(C '(C
(PRINT B) (APPEND D))) C D))) D)) (A B) C C B) (APPEND D))) C (A C D)))
'(A D))) (A (A (A D))) B) '(A D) C B) '(C D))) B '(A C '(C C D) (A (A (A
(A (A FOOFWA FOOFWA C (A D))) (A C '(A C '(C B '(C FOOFWA C '(C (A B D) B
D))) C FOOFWA (A B (A C B D) (A (A '(A '(A '(C D) D) D) (A FOOFWA (APPEND
(APPEND C '(A FOOFWA C B) (A FOOFWA B D) B B) '(C B C D) (A D) FOOFWA
FOOFWA C FOOFWA D) D) FOOFWA D) D) D) D) '(C '(C B) A) FOOFWA C '(C D) D)
B B D) (A (A (PRINT A) (APPEND (A B) B) (A (A C (APPEND A) A) B) B) D)
FOOFWA A) A) D) D) B (PRINT (APPEND (A (A B) A) (APPEND (APPEND B B
(APPEND A) (LIST A) (APPEND (A (A (LIST (LIST (PRINT FOOFWA B D) B)
(APPEND A) D) C B) D))) A) A) (A D))) (LIST D) B) B) (LIST (LIST (A C
(PRINT (APPEND (LIST '(C D) A) A) B) B (LIST '(C A) (LIST B FOOFWA B) C
'(C (LIST FOOFWA B (LIST (APPEND (A FOOFWA B (LIST D) D) FOOFWA D) B) D)))
(LIST (A D) D) (A D) (A B C B (LIST B) FOOFWA C B) B (A '(C B) (A D) (A
(LIST (A A (A B) (A B) (A (LIST B) B B B) (A (PRINT (A B (A (LIST FOOFWA B
FOOFWA FOOFWA A (LIST (A (FOOFWA FOOFWA C FOOFWA MAUD) A (A (FOOFWA (A D)
FOOFWA C D) A D) D) (LIST (FOOFWA B MAUD) B)) MAUD) (A C D) B)) B)) D) B
(PRINT (PRINT C (PRINT (PRINT A MAUD) C C (LIST (PRINT D) B) (FOOFWA B))
D) (A (PRINT A B) (PRINT (A (PRINT (FOOFWA C C (LIST (LIST C FOOFWA FOOFWA
(PRINT (LIST (PRINT C B)) B) (PRINT D) A MAUD) FOOFWA B)) D) C MAUD)
(PRINT A (PRINT B)) FOOFWA (LIST MAUD) C B)) A A) (LIST C B) B) MAUD)
(FOOFWA (PRINT (FOOFWA C FOOFWA (LIST (LIST B)) B) FOOFWA MAUD) (FOOFWA
(LIST FOOFWA A (PRINT (FOOFWA (FOOFWA MAUD) A B)) A) (LIST (FOOFWA FOOFWA
FOOFWA MAUD) FOOFWA (PRINT A) FOOFWA A) (PRINT (FOOFWA A) MAUD) MAUD)
(FOOFWA A FOOFWA MAUD) MAUD) (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (FOOFWA A) (LIST
(LIST (LIST A (LIST (LIST (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (LIST (LIST MAUD) (LIST A (LIST
(FOOFWA (FOOFWA (FOOFWA FOOFWA (LIST A (FOOFWA A) (FOOFWA (LIST A (LIST
(LIST (FOOFWA A A A (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (LIST B)) C A (LIST (LIST (LIST C C
(LIST FOOFWA (FOOFWA MAUD) (FOOFWA A A (FOOFWA B)) (FOOFWA (PRINT (LIST A
(LIST (PRINT D)) MAUD) (FOOFWA (FOOFWA C D)) (FOOFWA B)) (LIST A D)) MAUD)
(PRINT (LIST A (FOOFWA A D)) MAUD) (LIST C A B (FOOFWA B)) MAUD) D)) A A C
A (FOOFWA A A D)) MAUD) (PRINT B (PRINT MAUD (PRINT C MAUD) (PRINT (PRINT
MAUD) (PRINT (FOOFWA A MAUD) A D)) (FOOFWA B MAUD) MAUD A (FOOFWA MAUD)
MAUD MAUD) (PRINT MAUD) D)) (LIST (FOOFWA MAUD) MAUD MAUD) MAUD MAUD) C
MAUD A A MAUD (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (LIST A (LIST C B (LIST A A (FOOFWA MAUD
(FOOFWA AZURE A MAUD) B ALAN) (FOOFWA (LIST AZURE (FOOFWA (FOOFWA B MAUD)
(PRINT (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (FOOFWA C AZURE (LIST ALAN) ALAN) ALAN) MAUD) MAUD)
(FOOFWA ALAN) ALAN) (FOOFWA (LIST (FOOFWA (LIST MAUD) (LIST (FOOFWA
(FOOFWA ALAN) MAUD) MAUD) MAUD (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (PRINT ALAN)
(FOOFWA (FOOFWA ALAN) MAUD MAUD (LIST (FOOFWA (LIST (PRINT MAUD) MAUD)
MAUD MAUD MAUD) C B (LIST MAUD ALAN) MAUD) ALAN) MAUD (LIST (FOOFWA MAUD
AZURE C ALAN) (FOOFWA MAUD) (APPEND (LIST MAUD ALAN) ALAN) C (FOOFWA
(APPEND MAUD) ALAN) MAUD A (FOOFWA MAUD) (FOOFWA MAUD AZURE (PRINT (LIST
(PRINT MAUD) C D)) D)) ALAN) MAUD B A MAUD (FOOFWA B MAUD (LIST (LIST MAUD
AZURE MAUD ALAN) A (FOOFWA (PRINT C C A B B) A C A B) (PRINT A AZURE AZURE
MAUD (LIST B A AZURE (PRINT (PRINT (LIST (LIST A (FOOFWA (FOOFWA C (LIST
D)) (FOOFWA MAUD MAUD MAUD (FOOFWA A D)) (LIST (LIST MAUD MAUD (PRINT B
(LIST C (PRINT A (LIST C (FOOFWA MAUD (FOOFWA MAUD (LIST (FOOFWA (FOOFWA
(LIST (LIST D)) ALAN) (FOOFWA C D)) (FOOFWA MAUD (FOOFWA (FOOFWA C B (LIST
A MAUD (FOOFWA (LIST (PRINT ALAN) MAUD (FOOFWA (LIST (LIST MAUD (FOOFWA
(FOOFWA A MAUD MAUD (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (PRINT ALAN) C (FOOFWA (FOOFWA AZURE
B) (LIST C MAUD AZURE (FOOFWA AZURE (LIST (FOOFWA AZURE C MAUD ALAN) AZURE
(FOOFWA C AZURE (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (PRINT C AZURE (FOOFWA A B) C B) ALAN)
(FOOFWA (FOOFWA (APPEND B) B) (APPEND B) (PRINT AZURE A AZURE (FOOFWA MAUD
C A ALAN) AZURE (PRINT AZURE ALAN) (APPEND B) (APPEND (FOOFWA (FOOFWA
AZURE (APPEND ALAN) (APPEND ALAN) (APPEND (FOOFWA ALAN) AZURE AZURE ALAN)
(PRINT AZURE (FOOFWA AZURE (FOOFWA (FOOFWA D))) MAUD C C AZURE AZURE
(PRINT ALAN) C A D))) MAUD AZURE (FOOFWA ALAN) (PRINT (PRINT D))) A B)
AZURE (PRINT (PRINT (FOOFWA ALAN) MAUD MAUD (PRINT MAUD (APPEND A ALAN)
(PRINT (PRINT ALAN) MAUD AZURE B) (LIST B) AZURE AZURE MAUD (LIST (LIST
AZURE AZURE ALAN) AZURE (APPEND (PRINT ALAN) (PRINT MAUD ALAN) ALAN) (LIST
(PRINT (LIST (APPEND A (LIST AZURE AZURE (LIST (FOOFWA D))) B) AZURE MAUD
A (PRINT ALAN) (LIST (PRINT ALAN) (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (PRINT (PRINT (LIST
(APPEND (LIST ALAN) MAUD (PRINT (FOOFWA AZURE (APPEND (LIST (PRINT ALAN) C
AZURE A AZURE ALAN) (FOOFWA (APPEND (LIST (APPEND (LIST (FOOFWA MAUD MAUD
(PRINT ALAN) D))) (LIST ALAN) AZURE D))) ALAN) (LIST (LIST ALAN) (FOOFWA
ALAN) (PRINT (LIST AZURE (APPEND (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (LIST D))) A C (FOOFWA C
A (APPEND (LIST (FOOFWA (FOOFWA ALAN) (LIST D))) (LIST (FOOFWA (APPEND
(APPEND (LIST (LIST C AZURE AZURE (FOOFWA (LIST MAUD AZURE ALAN) ALAN)
AZURE AZURE (LIST MAUD (LIST (LIST ALAN) ALAN) (APPEND D))) (LIST D
(APPEND (LIST (LIST (FOOFWA AZURE AZURE AZURE ALAN) (LIST AZURE AZURE
(LIST (LIST MAUD (PRINT (FOOFWA D MAUD AZURE AZURE (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (FOOFWA
D))) (LIST A ALAN) AZURE (LIST (APPEND (PRINT ALAN) MAUD (LIST (LIST AZURE
MAUD (FOOFWA A ALAN) ALAN) (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (PRINT (PRINT (FOOFWA AZURE
(FOOFWA (FOOFWA B) (LIST D ALAN) ALAN) (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (LIST (FOOFWA ALAN)
D ALAN) (PRINT (FOOFWA (FOOFWA D ALAN) (FOOFWA AZURE (PRINT D (PRINT
(FOOFWA A B) D A AZURE) MAUD (FOOFWA (PRINT A A (PRINT B) (PRINT (PRINT
(LIST (PRINT (FOOFWA ALAN) D (LIST ALAN ALAN) (PRINT (FOOFWA ALAN (APPEND
A (PRINT (FOOFWA AZURE ALAN (APPEND AZURE) (PRINT AZURE) (APPEND (FOOFWA
ALAN ALAN) ALAN) ALAN (PRINT MAUD AZURE ALAN) AZURE (FOOFWA C))))) ALAN) D
D ALAN ALAN (PRINT AZURE) D (LIST C))))) MAUD ALAN AZURE AZURE) (PRINT
(PRINT C))))) (LIST A ALAN (PRINT (PRINT (FOOFWA AZURE) ALAN) MAUD (FOOFWA
MAUD (APPEND (LIST (APPEND (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (APPEND ALAN) MAUD B) (LIST B)
MAUD ALAN MAUD (LIST (LIST ALAN MAUD (APPEND ALAN MAUD (FOOFWA (APPEND
(PRINT MAUD AZURE) ALAN B) (PRINT B) MAUD (LIST (LIST ALAN ALAN (LIST
C))))) C))))) B) ALAN MAUD (LIST (FOOFWA ALAN B) (PRINT AZURE) (FOOFWA
C))))) (FOOFWA (PRINT (LIST AZURE) (LIST AZURE) MAUD (FOOFWA C))))) ALAN
AZURE) (LIST (FOOFWA AZURE) (LIST ALAN (LIST ALAN ALAN (FOOFWA MAUD (LIST
MAUD (LIST C))))) MAUD MAUD (FOOFWA ALAN C))))) SETQ AZURE) ALAN C)))))
AZURE) (LIST AZURE) AZURE) (FOOFWA AZURE) (FOOFWA (LIST ALAN MAUD C)))))
C))))) SETQ C))))) WORLD (LIST C))))) (LIST WORLD MAUD (LIST (FOOFWA
(FOOFWA AZURE) B C))))) SETQ (FOOFWA MAUD MAUD AZURE) AZURE) (LIST ALAN
ALAN (FOOFWA B MAUD ALAN AZURE) AZURE) ALAN ALAN SETQ MAUD B B AZURE)
AZURE) MAUD C))))) B B MAUD (LIST AZURE) (FOOFWA MAUD ALAN ALAN AZURE) B
MAUD MAUD AZURE) AZURE) MAUD (FOOFWA (A B MAUD ALAN ALAN (A (A (FOOFWA
C))))) AZURE) WORLD AZURE) MAUD B MAUD (FOOFWA AZURE) MAUD B B ALAN MAUD
(A WORLD AZURE) AZURE) (A (A ALAN (FOOFWA (FOOFWA MAUD (A (FOOFWA WORLD B
B AZURE) AZURE) (A (FOOFWA B (A AZURE) C AZURE) (FOOFWA (FOOFWA (A C
AZURE) (A MAUD ALAN C AZURE) (A WORLD WORLD C WORLD C MAUD (A ALAN WORLD
WORLD ALAN WORLD ALAN AZURE) SETQ AZURE) (A AZURE) C SETQ C AZURE) ALAN
(FOOFWA C ALAN WORLD ALAN (A ALAN B ALAN C ALAN C ALAN (A C AZURE) AZURE)
C ALAN WORLD) ALAN AZURE) ALAN (A D)) AZURE) C C B (B ALAN D) C SETQ D))
(CDR B ALAN D) ALAN MAUD D)) SETQ WORLD B MAUD MAUD (A D) AZURE) (CDR D)
(CDR ALAN SETQ MAUD D) D) MAUD AZURE) WORLD) '(A SETQ MAUD WORLD) B (CDR
SETQ SETQ (B WORLD) MAUD C (CAR D) MAUD ALAN WORLD) C C '(A ALAN '(A (CAR
SETQ SETQ (B (B SETQ D)) C '(A (B WORLD) SETQ D) C '(A MAUD C (CDR D)) D)
MAUD SETQ WORLD) '(A C WORLD) D) D)) (B WORLD) SETQ D) C B (B SETQ C C
(CDR (CAR '(A (CAR SETQ D)) (A (A D) C C (A D) (B C C '(A A D) (CDR C D) B
(B (CAR D)) D)) (A D)) B B D)) B B (CAR B (CDR (CDR D) D D)) (A (CDR (CAR
(CAR A A B (B (B (A D (A (B D) D) (B (B (A (A D C D) D) (CAR D)) C D (CAR
B A (A B (B (B D) D B B A A (A D) B D (A (B (B B B (A D)) A (A D) B D (CAR
D) D) WORLD) C D (B WORLD) C (A D) D) B C (CAR D) (A B C (CDR B C D D) C C
(CDR C B C A D) D) (CDR C D C B B (CAR D C C (A B A B (APPEND WORLD) B
WORLD) B B WORLD) B (CAR C (A C C D) A (A (APPEND C (CAR (CDR (APPEND
WORLD) B WORLD) C (B D) WORLD) (APPEND WORLD) (APPEND WORLD) B (APPEND C C
(APPEND (CAR (APPEND (B C (B B A (B (APPEND D D) WORLD (CAR WORLD D (A A
WORLD) D) (B WORLD (CAR (CAR A (A B D) (CAR (CAR B WORLD (B WORLD) (A
WORLD) WORLD) (A (CAR (A (A (CAR (B (APPEND C (A (CAR (APPEND D) WORLD) (A
(A WORLD (APPEND (CAR D) B (A (CAR (CAR WORLD) WORLD (APPEND C (CAR C B (A
(A WORLD WORLD (A B A C WORLD WORLD) (A (A (APPEND C (CAR WORLD WORLD B (A
(CAR (A C C WORLD WORLD) (A B (APPEND C (A (A WORLD D (APPEND (A D)
(APPEND WORLD B C B (A B C C (A (APPEND A A (APPEND (APPEND A WORLD C D
(APPEND WORLD WORLD (A D (APPEND B B B A A B D B D B B D WORLD WORLD
(APPEND C A A WORLD B B D D D (APPEND (APPEND B C C (APPEND (APPEND
(APPEND WORLD (APPEND A C C C (APPEND (APPEND B A C D) B D D B D) WORLD
(APPEND (APPEND C D) D) D D C (A (APPEND D) C (APPEND WORLD (APPEND
(APPEND B A D A (APPEND D) C B (A (APPEND (APPEND C C WORLD (APPEND
(APPEND A (APPEND (APPEND (APPEND (APPEND B (A B D) (APPEND WORLD B C D)
(APPEND WORLD) (APPEND WORLD C (APPEND WORLD) D) (APPEND (A WORLD (APPEND
D) WORLD) (APPEND D) B D) WORLD) (APPEND A B D) B A (APPEND (APPEND C B B
C B B WORLD) A WORLD) (APPEND (APPEND D) A A WORLD) B WORLD A C B C
(APPEND (APPEND WORLD)) C A C A C (APPEND A WORLD) WORLD) A B WORLD
(APPEND WORLD) (APPEND (APPEND (CAR WORLD A D) WORLD)) WORLD B A D) A (CAR
(APPEND WORLD)) (APPEND A B B (CAR A B WORLD)) B B (APPEND A WORLD (APPEND
(B (APPEND C A (A (B (B (A WORLD WORLD B D B WORLD WORLD)) (APPEND D D
WORLD WORLD (A WORLD)) C (B (A B (APPEND WORLD)) A C B C C A D WORLD WORLD
D (APPEND (CAR B WORLD (APPEND A (B A C B WORLD)) (CDR (APPEND (B B D A C
WORLD)) (APPEND (B (APPEND WORLD A D (B WORLD)) D) WORLD A WORLD)) A (CDR
C C C D (APPEND WORLD WORLD (B A (CAR B A WORLD (CAR WORLD)) C B A (CDR
WORLD)) (B C WORLD C (APPEND (APPEND B (CAR C D) (APPEND D) C C C (CDR
(CDR A (PRINT (CAR B (CDR C C B B D) WORLD WORLD (APPEND (PRINT WORLD
WORLD A A WORLD)) WORLD B WORLD (PRINT (PRINT A A C (CAR (PRINT A) C C B
(APPEND WORLD)) WORLD)) WORLD A (PRINT WORLD)) WORLD)) B B WORLD (B FOOFWA
A) WORLD WORLD WORLD)) FOOFWA FOOFWA (APPEND (CAR B C A WORLD)) (PRINT C
(B A (APPEND (PRINT (PRINT WORLD)) (APPEND FOOFWA C A A FOOFWA FOOFWA D (B
(APPEND WORLD)) FOOFWA (CDR D) (PRINT A) A WORLD)) FOOFWA (CDR (PRINT
FOOFWA WORLD)) A) A (B (CDR FOOFWA A) WORLD)) FOOFWA WORLD)) D A) (B
FOOFWA C D) A) C (A (APPEND FOOFWA D C C D D) D (B B (B FOOFWA A A) B
WORLD) WORLD)) D (CDR WORLD) A C D FOOFWA WORLD WORLD) A (A D (A A FOOFWA
WORLD) WORLD)) WORLD)) WORLD) D C WORLD WORLD)) WORLD FOOFWA FOOFWA
WORLD)) (A A) WORLD) D) D (A A) B FOOFWA C WORLD) WORLD (A D D FOOFWA B C
WORLD) D D FOOFWA (A WORLD)) C B C A B C B B C WORLD)) C D) B D C WORLD) C
B B D) C C WORLD) C B C D C (A WORLD) D) D D) C B B D) D) B FOOFWA FOOFWA
D) D) C B B WORLD) D) D (A B FOOFWA B D B (PRINT (PRINT (A C B FOOFWA D)
(PRINT B B (A (PRINT D) B WORLD) WORLD) B C (PRINT C B FOOFWA (PRINT
(PRINT B WORLD) FOOFWA (APPEND (A D) FOOFWA (A (PRINT (PRINT (A B (A B
(PRINT D) C FOOFWA FOOFWA (APPEND FOOFWA A (PRINT FOOFWA (PRINT A C (PRINT
B B (A WORLD))) FOOFWA (APPEND B C C (PRINT (PRINT (PRINT D) D) FOOFWA
WORLD))) (PRINT D) (A (A D) D) (APPEND (PRINT WORLD))) WORLD))) (A (A C
FOOFWA WORLD))) WORLD))) C (PRINT (PRINT FOOFWA (PRINT D) D) (A WORLD)))
(PRINT (PRINT (PRINT (PRINT (PRINT B C WORLD))) (PRINT D) D) C C FOOFWA
FOOFWA (PRINT A (A (PRINT WORLD))) C B (A C WORLD))) WORLD))) D) C C A (A
(A C C D) B FOOFWA (PRINT C B A WORLD))) WORLD))) (A (A C B WORLD))) C (A
(A (A B B C (A (A C (PRINT D) (A (A C A A (A A *** C C D) A A D) A D) (A
(APPEND (A C (A (A (APPEND *** (A D) B *** D) A D) C D) D) D) *** D) ***
D) C *** (A (A *** D) FOOFWA D) (A D) C B (A *** (A D) is D) - (A (APPEND
B APPEND: D) D) - D) C B (APPEND A D) C C C - (A APPEND: a APPEND: D)
(APPEND C a a C (A FOOFWA (PRINT (APPEND C FOOFWA D) APPEND: (APPEND
(APPEND is FOOFWA C *** list a C D) FOOFWA not *** (PRINT D) (PRINT list
(APPEND (APPEND is is (APPEND B (A (PRINT is FOOFWA (APPEND a *** (PRINT C
not (PRINT B a C (APPEND APPEND: WORLD))) not FOOFWA a B list APPEND:
(APPEND a not is list (APPEND *** *** (PRINT WORLD))) WORLD))) list
(APPEND B - - a *** (A C B list (A not WORLD))) C B (PRINT not a is -
WORLD))) B B C C list is B is list a is (PRINT (PRINT B D) C C (PRINT
WORLD))) a APPEND: C is list - - D) - list B FOOFWA list - C - D) APPEND:
FOOFWA B WORLD))) C APPEND: not a is C - is list - B D) is is APPEND: C is
not list not is - list list list - C APPEND: list is is D) a not is FOOFWA
APPEND: D) list FOOFWA a list FOOFWA FOOFWA list list not not - is a list
APPEND: not is list is APPEND: list is not is list list is not a list list
FOOFWA list list not a is not list FOOFWA is not a list




19th-century harmonica solos

Recently I purchsed a M.Hohner echo (tremolo) harmonica which dates from
1885 or so. This is the earliest harmonica I've seen. Below are three
files; the first, slow; the second, faster, and the third derived from 
the second by stretching the pitch 300%. The instrument is fascinating; it 
has a slightly different timbre than modern harps, as well as an unusual 
soundhole arrangement on the cover. I cleaned the interior with rubbing 
alcohol, and used toothpaste, alcohol, furniture polish, water, and walnut 
oil on the exterior which is slightly rusted. (Here I go with blindness 
and diptheria; breathing in rubbing alcohol fumes is an experience that 
should be missed.)

I've been working with harmonica because it's highly portable and can be 
used anywhere. The chromatic is surprisingly difficult to play; the echo 
is fairly easy, but difficult to make interesting. In any case, enjoy -

http://www.asondheim.org/hohner1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/hohner2.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/hohner2bass.mp3






CONS

(SETQ L '(mother father daughter son))(MOTHER FATHER DAUGHTER SON)
(CDR L)(FATHER SON)(CDDR L)(DAUGHTER SON)(CADDR L)
(((((((((((((((DAUGHTER)))))))))))))))
(I am a mommy and I want to kill my (CADDR L))(CONS 'L '(IS VERY BAD))
(L IS BAD)(SETQ (CONS BAD)))(L BAD)

http://www.asondheim.org/harmonica3.wav
http://www.asondheim.org/harmonica3bass.wav

I'm taking out the other 19th century harmonica pieces.
These are much more interesting!

GOD 'TAKING OUT THE OTHER 19TH CENTURY HARMONICA PIECES DEVIL 'THESE ARE 
MUCH MORE INTERESTING APPEND TAKING THESE SETQ ANGEL 'GOD AND 
+ - TONGUE MOUTH TEETH BREATH 'THAN 
SUCKING THAN 'DEVIL LIST CAR CDR NIL 


New Signature:

Check Work on YouTube. Check out blog http://nikuko.blogspot.com as well. 
Work directory at http://www.asondheim.org . Email: sondheim@panix.com. 
Check "Alan Sondheim" on Google. For theoretical and other work, check 
the WVU Zwiki and http://clc.as.wvu.edu:8080/clc/Members/sondheim . Check 
"Alan Sondheim" on Google. Phone 718-813-3285. Write for information on 
books, dvds, cds, performance, etc.




(setq body body '(flesh '(flesh strings strings lungs lungs heart heart 
brain brain blood blood mass)) mass)) (setq (flesh mass) blood soul '(mass 
'(mass air air steam steam stream stream blocks blocks mess mess 
senseless)) senseless)) (setq (mass senseless) mess (append '((body) 
(mind)))
((body) (mind))
+ mind (mind) mind (flesh) '((body) (soul))) (mind) (soul))
(assoc 'tenor mind)
nil
'soul (soul)
'body (body)
variable flesh has no variable value flesh 'mind 'flesh hersoul)
hersoul '(mind (setq mind)) body (mind (list '(soul ((soul

(setq body '(flesh strings lungs heart brain blood mass)) (flesh strings 
lungs heart brain blood mass) (setq soul '(mass air steam stream blocks 
mess senseless)) (mass air steam stream blocks mess senseless) (append 
'((body) (mind))) ((body) (mind)) body + soul (flesh strings lungs heart 
brain blood mass) body (mass air steam stream blocks mess senseless) (setq 
mind '((body) (mind) (flesh) (soul))) ((body) (flesh) (soul)) (assoc 
'tenor mind) nil (assoc 'soul mind) (soul) (assoc 'body mind) (body) mind 
((body) (flesh) (soul)) body (flesh strings lungs heart brain blood mass) 
soul variable flesh has no value (mass air steam stream blocks mess 
senseless) (setq 'mind ((body) (soul))) ((body) (soul)) (assoc 'body mind) 
(body) (assoc 'flesh mind) nil (assoc 'mind hersoul) hersoul has no value 
(setq hersoul '(mind body soul mind)) (mind body soul mind) mind ((body) 
(soul)) body (flesh strings lungs heart brain blood mass) soul (mass air 
steam stream blocks mess senseless) hersoul (mind body soul mind) flesh 
variable flesh has no value (list '(soul body mind)) ((soul body mind)) 
hersoul (mind body soul mind) body (flesh strings lungs heart brain blood 
mass) soul (mass air steam stream blocks mess senseless)

(setq '(flesh body '(flesh '(flesh strings strings lungs lungs heart heart 
body brain mass)) blood (setq mass)) mass) (flesh '(mass mass) brain soul 
blood '(mass blood air steam steam stream stream blocks blocks mess mess 
air senseless)) senseless)) (mass (mass senseless) senseless) (append 
(append '((body) '((body) (mind)))

((body) (mind))

+ mind mind (mind) (mind) mind (flesh) '((body) (soul))) (mind) (soul)) + 
(assoc 'tenor mind)

nil

'soul (soul)

'body (body)

variable has flesh no has variable no value value 'mind 'mind hersoul) 
'flesh variable hersoul) flesh hersoul '(mind '(mind (setq mind)) body 
(mind (list (list '(soul '(soul ((soul ((soul hersoul


