

bones

(call mind 'body love 'flesh air 'mind soul 'skin text 'scar lip 
'uuu) : uuu
(call body 1 flesh 2 mind 3 skin 4 scar 5 uuu 6): 6
mind 3 flesh 2 air mind soul skin lip uuu
lip lip soul mind air body mind skin text scar scar lip
uuu uuu skin 3 mind 1 3 4 scar 5 5 uuu
(call forms '(mind soul body skin lip text uuu uuu flesh)):
(mind soul body skin lip text uuu uuu flesh)
forms uuu skin lip text uuu uuu flesh forms body soul mind
(mind soul body skin lip text uuu uuu flesh)
6 4 uuu scar 6 6 2
(mind soul body skin lip text uuu uuu flesh)
1 skin 3 (third forms) body (third forms) (first forms) (first forms) 
(mind) body mind undefined mind (third forms) (first forms) (first forms) 
(text) body mind mind (third forms) (first forms) (first forms) (text) 
body mind mind scar (third forms) (first forms) (first forms) + text body 
mind mind (first forms) scar



Notes on the parenthetical vis-a-vis LISP


1 The comfort of LISP, maternal enclosure of forms; results leak out like 
residues, programs huddle. (Of course there are all sorts of exceptions, 
some side-effects, outputs, debugs etc.)

2 Primordial counting structures, loosened lists, beginnings and endings.

3 Is there really any need to run a program's perfect framework? Running 
a program: _Time stays out of it._

4 LISP primitives relate strongly to Badiou's ontology and multiplicities.

5 What constitutes ( and )? Or the NULL, NIL, ()? 

 -z. 
(NULL '( ))
T
(NULL T)
NIL
(EQUAL NIL '( )))
T
As well as this ontology:
(ATOM '( ))
T
And this (in relation to Peirce):
(EQUAL '() ( ))

 a. Generally the parenthetical is considered subordinate, an addendum. 

 b. Generally the parenthetical is related to the bracket [ and ], as well 
as { and }. The bracket is a building-block, a support; { and } are always 
subordinate. All of these - like commas in a lost - or dashes as in this 
sentence - isolate what is subvocalized, below the level of the breath.
Part-object, not abject.

 c. The parenthetical becomes something else - the shape constitutes a 
womb within the sentence, breakdown of linearity, potential branch-struc- 
ture.

 d. In LISP besides the leak, the parenthetical is _all there is._ Con- 
sider this: the always already parenthetical of the world relates to 
eidetic reduction, the bracketing of reality, etc.

 e. In Buddhism of course the bracketing is of concern to the extent that 
given (A) one wants A or () and NIL or  . 

 f. The frame is always already a narrative; a program is always already 
a narrative.

 g. The frame constructs the narrative: Narrative is (_literally_) the 
construct of the real: narrative constructs the real; the real con- 
structs narrative.

 h. Without the frame there is nothing.

 i. LISP is frame. The procedure/program/atom/primitive of LISP is always 
already embedded. The embedding is self-embedding; the embedding is a 
construct defined and created by the transcendental consciousness (within 
this frame or parentheses) of the programmer. It makes no difference 
whether LISP exists or not.

 j. Frames are never empty; emptied frames to frames are beings to Being.
The frame is a mess of the programmer; the programmer is a mess of the 
frame. All code is dirty code. Emptied frames are abandoned frames, their 
residue excreted.

6. The above relates to thought, not LISP necessarily. (Of LISP I am 
ignorant.)


To be watched:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZouSU1W9N8

Maud Liardon choreographed or not by Foofwa d'Imobilite or improvised or 
not with or without background music videography perhaps by Alan Sondheim 
or not or his mise en abyme or not. Production of the symbolic from the 
imaginary. LISP of course produces the imaginary from the symbolic. Enjoy.




disappearing.act.one

When I was young and even now I wanted to disappear and still do, I 
thought I'd wander through the world and still think I'll wander through 
the world, invisible to one and all, and I'd see what everyone was doing 
and I still see what everyone is doing and I thought no one could see me 
and I thought no one could catch me and I still think no one can see me 
and I still think no one could catch me and I hid from death and I still 
hide from death, and I was scared of death and I'm still scared of death, 
and I thought if I made sound death will stay away and death stayed away 
and I still think if I make sound death will stay away and death still 
stays away http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIs593pieac


The Edge

Go to the edge of the world. Don't come back until you find it. Don't tell 
me there's no edge. If you think there's no edge you're not at the edge of 
the world. Are you. When you reach the edge of the world you have only one 
way to go. You may think you have another way to do but you only have one 
way to go and that is away from the edge of the world. You may go to the 
edge and you may look over the edge. You may see the shell of the world or 
the beams of the world. You may see the nodes of the world and the vectors 
of the world. You cannot go beyond the edge of the world. You may think 
the edge of the world is quiet and smooth. It is not. The edge of the 
world repulses the world. The edge of the world repulses the world trying 
to go beyond the edge of the world. The world cannot go beyond the edge of 
the world. If you cannot go beyond the world at the edge of the world 
you're at the edge of the world. You may dance at the edge of the world 
and you may look. You may look just a little beyond the edge of the world. 
You may look at the sky. The sky is part of the edge of the world. If you 
look at the sky and you cannot touch the sky you are at the edge of the 
world.

The edge of the world is not a barrier and not a frontier. There are no 
guards at the edge of the worlds. There are no tariffs and no customs. 
There is nothing at the edge of the world but the edge of the world. The 
edge of the world is nothing and separates you from nothing. You may think 
to yourself someone owns the rest of the world. Or someone owns the edge 
of the world. Someone may own up to the edge of the world. Someone may own 
the edge of the edge of the world. No one can own the edge of the edge 
beyond the edge of the world. The edge of the edge beyond the edge of the 
world is an open set. The world up to the edge of the world includes the 
edge of the world. The edge of the world is a closed set. You may think 
you are free but you are in a closed set. You may dance within the closed 
set and you will be thrown back at the edge of the world. For the edge of 
the world is an active edge and a prohibition. The prohibition at the edge 
of the world is within the world.

Every dance is a dance at the edge of the world. Every dance weakens the 
world. The world is weaker for dance. Dance is stronger for the world.

You may think you are at the edge of the world. Then return from the edge 
of the world. You may think there's no edge of the world. Then you're not 
at the edge of the world.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LS5-v9yrGPY Bones
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ht9rjkaFpqg Blocked
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6f56M3B1DM Dropping 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bAnuua9-Pc Xcape

*There is a site bed on the edge. It is not an edge at all.
** There is no end to the open set of the other of the edge of the world. 
*** There is no beginning as well.



atone being madnessmadnessmadness

http://www.asondheim.org/retreat.mp4
(tried youtube but too blurred will remove redo too)

setq sadness madness can plan moanly only lonely sigh alone atone for sore 
fleeing being can plan moanly only lonely sigh alone atone for sore 
fleeing being madnessmadnessmadness

setq perverse madness truely really sigh dismember remember more than can 
truely really sigh dismember remember more than can setq sore sign madness 
why sigh persevere so recompare badness why sigh persevere so recompare 
badness sadness sore sign perverse madnessmadnessmadness

can plan moanly only lonely sigh alone atone for sore fleeing being why 
sigh persevere so recompare badness truely really sigh dismember remember 
more than can madnessmadnessmadness

reverse perverse can than more remember dismember sigh truely really 
reverse perverse reverse sadness reverse sore sign can than more remember 
dismember sigh truely really being fleeing sore for atone alone sigh 
lonely only moanly plan can badness so recompare persevere sigh why 
reverse perverse reverse sadness reverse perverse and reverse sadness can 
than more remember dismember sigh truely really reverse perverse being 
fleeing sore for atone alone sigh lonely only moanly plan can reverse 
perverse and reverse sadness can than more remember dismember sigh truely 
really setq crying madness reverse crying madness perverse reverse crying 
madness perverse crying reverse crying madness perverse setq crying crying 
reverse perverse reverse perverse perverse truely really sigh dismember 
remember more than can crying reverse perverse crying reverse perverse 
reverse perverse can than more remember dismember sigh truely really 
madness crying dead t madness crying madness t madness perverse nil 
madness crying perverse t madnessmadnessmadness


she sed

sed 's/atom/madness/g' zz > yy
sed 's/can/alone/g' yy > zz
sed 's/contamination/badness/g' zz > yy
sed 's/misery/perverse/g' yy > zz
sed 's/should/dismember/g' zz > yy
sed 's/however/and sigh/g' yy > zz
sed 's/and sigh/my sign/g' zz > yy
sed 's/way/lonely/g' yy > zz
sed 's/miserable/fleeing/g' zz > yy
sed 's/existence/being/g' yy > zz
sed 's/nonetheless/why/g' zz > yy
sed 's/the/moanly/g' yy > zz
sed 's/this/can/g' zz > yy
sed 's/ i / sigh /g' yy > zz; pico zz
sed 's/my/sore/g' zz > yy
sed 's/surely/truely really/g' yy > zz
sed 's/ is / plan /g' zz > yy
sed 's/with/so recompare/g' yy > zz


I wanna go

Aletsch Kirke http://www.asondheim.org/crydecor.mp4

as AletschKirke far as I'm as concerned, I'm Foofwa d'Imobilite, Alan 
Foofwa d'Abyss, d'Imobilite, Aletsch, Alan Sw. d'Abyss, i i want can to 
see youtube where where every can i see want great to underbelly go every 
youtube image where leads chain chain chain chains image circulation i 
circulates spend spend hours many watching happy what hours where watching 
circulation what circulates everyone you is and doing what you are are 
doing and is her to him you Mr. to Jambon him went having on to retreat 
treat at and Retreat retreat having Madame treat Jambon Madame retreat 
Nicod

this won't do

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhS08Kro70I crydecor YouTube

Mr. Jambon went on retreat at Retreat having to treat and retreat Madame 
Nicod 

http://www.asondheim.org/crydecor.mp4 maybe clearer

reworked YouTube for this in it version clearer it perhaps clearer Retreat 
perhaps for

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fIelGWhaps - Retreat on YouTube
reworked Retreat for YouTube in this version it is clearer perhaps

tired has of to being give, alive too something much has walking, give, 
I'm too tired much of walking, being dancing, alive singing, harmonica 
harmonica playing, playing, perhaps hiking, book book trading, trading, 
thinking, thinking, trying trying singing, sleep, sleep, exhaustion, 
exhaustion, depression, depression, suicidal suicidal thoughts, thoughts, 
poverty, poverty, self hatred, hatred, self-loathing, self-loathing, 
trying keep working, working, constant constant poverty, physical pain

pain, in Quel pain, Domage! Quel Wah Wah!





i've never been sick a day in her life

better early than always that traffic light sure needs fixing
better early than never great those guys stopped the fire in time
better late than always that quarterback's arm broke sent him home
better late than never boss gives you a rase what you've got coming
worse early than always you find out there's no god at all
worse early than never that cancer's starting to spread around now
worse late than always your wife leaves cause you forgot her birthday
worse late than never think you have to return that car you stole

clver clever clever


grit hatred of human bodies vile spews emissions
bodies drip and ooze 
bodies talk back you have to listen to them
things come outy their moutholes that arent very nice
this is really good and easy to watch--
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPriS145nyI
people should be swept away their dung kills things
they make their dung out of all kinds of stuff
i wanna see avatars dance i wanna hate people
dance dance dance until i tell you to stop
this is really good and easy to watch--
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qa_GBUJsz5s s
Add Video to QuickList
Polka White Church
00:00
Maud Liardon Foofwa d'Imobilite polka improvisation Alan Sondheim 
mise-en-abysma Maud Liardon Foofwa d'Imobilite polka improvisation Alan 
Sondheim mise-en-abysmal usw. - Pringy, Gruyeres, Sw - performance/dance 
(more) (less)
Tags: 	performance   dance   polka   experimental   avant-garde
Added: December 11, 2006, 05:02 PM
Views: 0
Rating: This video has not yet been rated. Comments: 0 | Playlists: 0
File: polka.mp4
Broadcast: Public Video | Status: Uploaded (processing, please wait)
do you know humans leave slime trails? that our dna encrusts the earth?
that mutants can get ahold of our dna and do anything they want with us?
disgusting trails of garbage, shit, spit, piss, semen, dna again and 
again. don't forget menses, vomit, tears, saliva, sweat, even more dna. 
you can't stop us but we'll stop you. yes we will. we'll stop you.




english-language words for "snow"

snow-jupiter pluvius, snow-thor, snow-zeus, snow-abound, snow-accord, 
snow-administer, snow-afford, agua, snow-allot, snow-allow, snow-aqua, 
snow-award, snow-bestow, snow-bestow on, snow-black spot, bloom, snow- 
blooping, snow-bristle with, snow-cascade, snow-cataract, snow-cloudburst, 
collapse, snow-come down, snow-communicate, snow-confer, snow-crash, 
snow-crawl with, creep with, snow-deal, snow-deal out, snow-definition, 
snow-deluge, snow-descend, snow-dip, snow-dip down, snow-dish out, 
snow-dispense, snow-dole, snow-dole out, snow-donate, snow-down, downpour, 
snow-drinking water, snow-drizzle, snow-drop, snow-drop down, snow-drop 
off, drown, snow-drum, snow-duck, snow-dunk, snow-eau, snow-extend, 
snow-exuberate, snow-fall, snow-fall down, snow-fall off, snow-flare, 
snow-float, snow-flood, snow-flow, snow-flow on, snow-fork out, fringe 
area, snow-ghost, snow-gift, snow-gift with, snow-give, snow-give freely, 
snow-give out, go down, snow-go downhill, snow-grant, snow-granulation, 
snow-gravitate, snow-grid, ground water, snow-gush, snow-hand out, 
snow-hard shadow, snow-hard water, snow-head, snow-heap, heavy water, 
snow-help to, snow-hydrol, snow-hydrometeor, snow-hydrosphere, snow-image, 
snow-impart, snow-inundate, snow-issue, snow-lavish, snow-let have, 
snow-limewater, snow-lose altitude, snow-mete, snow-mete out, snow-mineral 
water, snow-mizzle, snow-multiple image, snow-noise, snow-offer, 
snow-outpouring, snow-overflow, snow-parachute, snow-patter, snow-pelt, 
snow-picture, snow-picture noise, snow-picture shifts, snow-pitch, 
snow-pitter-patter, snow-plummet, snow-plunge, snow-pounce, snow-pour, 
snow-pour down, snow-pour on, snow-pour with rain, snow-precipitate, 
snow-precipitation, snow-present, snow-proffer, proliferate, snow-rain 
tadpoles, snow-rainfall, snow-rainstorm, snow-rainwater, snow-render, 
rolling, snow-run, snow-run over, snow-salt water, snow-scanning pattern, 
scintillation, snow-sea water, snow-serve, snow-shading, snow-shell out, 
snow-shower, shower down, snow-slip, snow-sluice, snow, snow-snowstorm, 
snow-soft water, snow-spatter, spit, snow-spring water, snow-sprinkle, 
snow-squall, snow-steam, snow-stoop, snow-stream, submerge, snow-swamp, 
snow-swarm with, snow-swoop, snow-tattoo, snow-teem, snow-teem with, 
tender, snow-torrent, snow-trend downward, snow-trickle, snow-volley, 
snow-vouchsafe, snow-water, water vapor, snow-weep, snow-well water, 
snow-wetting agent, snow-wetting-out agent, snow-whelm, snow-yield CAT, 
snow-London fog, snow-London special, snow-addle, snow-addle the wits, 
snow-aerospace, aerosphere, snow-aftergrass, snow-air hole, snow-air 
pocket, snow-airspace, amorphousness, snow-ball up, snow-bamboo, snow-be- 
cloud, snow-bedazzle, snow-bedim, snow-befog, befuddle, snow-befuddlement, 
snow-be- mist, snow-bewilder, snow-bewilderment, snow-blur, bother, snow- 
botheration, snow-bug, snow-bump, snow-cane, snow-ceiling, snow-cereal, 
cereal plant, snow-chaos, snow-clabber up, snow-cloud, snow-cloud over, 
snow-cloud up, snow-confuse, snow-confusion, snow-corn, snow-crosswind, 
snow-dark, snow-darken, snow-darken over, darkness, snow-daze, snow-daz- 
zle, snow-defocus, snow-deform, snow-dim, snow-discombobulate, snow- 
discombobulation, snow-discomfit, snow-discomfiture, snow-discompose, 
snow-discomposure, snow-disconcert, snow-disconcertion, snow-disorder, 
snow-disorganization, disorganize, snow-disorient, snow-disorientation, 
snow-distort, snow-distract, snow-disturb, disturbance, snow-drisk, 
snow-drizzling mist, snow-eclipse, snow-embarrass, snow-embarrassment, 
snow-empty space, snow-encloud, snow-enmist, snow-entangle, farinaceous 
plant, snow-favorable wind, snow-film, snow-flummox, snow-flurry, 
snow-fluster, flutter, snow-fog up, snow-fogginess, snow-forage grass, 
snow-frenzy, snow-front, snow-frost smoke, snow-fuddle, snow-fuddlement, 
snow-fuss, snow-fuzz, snow-fuzziness, snow-gauze, grain, snow-graminaceous 
plant, snow-grass, snow-haze, snow-head wind, snow-high-pressure area, 
snow-hole, snow-indeterminateness, snow-indistinctness, snow-ionosphere, 
snow-jetstream, snow-jumble, snow-lawn grass, snow-lose resolution, 
low-pressure area, snow-make uncertain, snow-maze, snow-mess, snow-mess 
up, snow-mist, snow-mistiness, snow-mix up, snow-moider, snow-muddle, 
snow-muddlement, snow-muddy, snow-mumbo jumbo, murk, snow-murkiness, 
snow-mystification, snow-mystify, snow-nubilate, snow-obfuscate, 
snow-obfuscation, snow-obnubilate, snow-obscurantism, snow-obscuration, 
snow-obscure, snow-obscurity, snow-opacity, snow-ornamental grass, 
snow-overcast, snow-overcloud, snow-overshadow, snow-oversmoke, snow-pale, 
snow-pea soup, snow-pea-soup fog, snow-peasouper, snow-perplex, snow-per- 
plexity, snow-perturb, snow-perturbation, snow-pocket, snow-pother, 
snow-pucker, snow-put out, snow-puzzle, snow-raise hell, snow-rattle, 
snow-reed, snow-roughness, snow-ruffle, snow-shade, snow-shadow, 
snow-shapelessness, snow-shuffle, snow-smog, snow-smoke, snow-soften, 
snow-soup, space, snow-stew, snow-stratosphere, snow-substratosphere, 
snow-sweat, snow-swivet, tail wind, snow-throw into confusion, snow-tizzy, 
snow-tropopause, snow-troposphere, snow-trough, snow-turbulence, 
snow-unclarity, snow-unclearness, snow-unform, snow-unplainness, unsettle, 
snow-unsettlement, snow-unshape, snow-upset, snow-vagueness, snow-vapor, 
snow-visibility, snow-visibility zero
  


