

big loss sutra


i make over people, i move, make each touchable. other. i touch. all sutra 
resistance. resistance. they are other. refuse moon-bay, moon-bay. 
avatars, (digital) within the sublime; the digital is sublime, infinite 
there {avatars are backed, at the back of infinite space}.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6ZHEw2mKX0

[apologies, deleted http://www.asondheim.org/riverswanted.mp4
i needed the space.]

the cutting, the flesh, the sound. This trauma has stayed with me my
loved the feel and the sound and... I wrote like crazy this year, it was
in music/soundwork.
planes above us - the _sound_ of it?). I envied their clear and evident
this slow piece... maud gone / asunder, foofwa distraught, exultant,
untouchables all over again
i make my people move all over each other. i make my people touchable.
this sutra a sutra of resistance. they refuse the other. moon-bay.
{avatars back at it; within the (digital) sublime, there is infinite 
space. or so they thought. until the other.}

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6ZHEw2mKX0

the sound. cutting, This flesh, has sound. trauma has stayed cutting, with 
the flesh, I feel like a crazy sound, and... I 
was written, loved like the crazy feel and sound - it was 
in music/soundwork.

planes above it? I - envied _sound_ clear of and evident - envied above us 
clear and evident, a slow _sound,_ a maud piece... a gone maud / gone 
asunder, / foofwa asunder, distraught, foofwa exultant, distraught, this 
exultant, slow untouchables all over again

i make over people, i move, make each touchable. other. i touch. all sutra 
resistance. resistance. they are other. refuse moon-bay, moon-bay. 
avatars, (digital) within the sublime; the digital is sublime, infinite 
there {avatars are backed, at the back of infinite space}.


erhu

the digital is sublime, infinite {avatars are backed, at the back of 
infinite space}

digital {0,1} constitutes a spectrum degree zero; if one is below, 0
is above; if 0 is below, 1 is above. since nothing exists between one
and the other, nothing from one is attainable by the other; one and
the other are mutually sublime. the backs of avatars are against the
wall of digital space; there's nowhere left to go.

understand this and you understand the phenomenology of the digital-
in-relation, the analog-in-relation.

http://www.asondheim.org/erhu.wav chinese erhu with echo and filtering
beautiful music

http://www.asondheim.org/godandnumbers.mp3 shortwave numbers station 
colliding with religious preaching, filtered transmission
beautiful sound



Hell, 1930

http://www.asondheim.org/hell.mov documents what happens when two dancers 
complete the "octopus dance" - long a traditional Switzerland favorite - 
dangerously close to a cliff edge overlooking the famed Aletsch Glacier. 
Oh they dance, fine enough, but what would happen if the bluff gave way, 
the mesa shifted, cliff collapsed? Buried under tons of rubble, jammed 
into crevice after crevice, Swiss culture would be the poorer. Let us give 
these stellar performers their due, their magnificent bodies carrying the 
hallmarks of their trade. Dance is close to prostitution, but since the 
Swiss government lavishly spends on the country's cultural heritage, these 
two have been rescued from a life of unbelievable perdition. Appalause for 
these dancers, who continued in spite of all the obstacles life's thorny 
path has thrown into their way. Too bad the woman has left the profession, 
such as it is, departed for parts unknown, to start a new life far from 
Alpine pastures. Here, then, the remarkable, almost aerial, duets from two 
of the most remarkable dancer in recent memory! 
http://www.asondheim.org/hell.mov

Foofwa - This is an open letter of sorts. I've been working with materials 
from Geneva for over two months now, not including the third trip itself. 
In the irreality of the image - an image the opposite of the punctum, an 
image surrounded by an imaginary gnawing at the surface content - I've 
lost myself, almost become sick. Distance in time and distance in space 
are both inherently obdurate, unbreachable; there are no jump cuts in the 
real, and if I've made an error in video for example, it remains an error, 
cut off from the source. It's not only the affaire-Maud (aM forthwith), 
but the very notion that such affaires now, are at a distance; they are a 
constancy. The Alps, the Aletsch glacier, retreat into the format of a 
picture book, and with every step of that retreat, something is lost 
within the haptic; touch has disappeared, replaced by "communication" 
which already foreshadows the permanency of distance. 

There is something else, however, which is the defuge or decathecting, 
which began with aM but continued as time advanced. Every video I made 
with the Geneva or Alps material involved a yanking-back; I couldn't 
return to the measure of the real, for example, that the four of us most 
likely felt in the grange. This relates to memory in general - in this 
case, differentiated (in the sense of a formal operation upon internal 
time consciousness) and exacerbated; to crawl back would be to be torn to 
shreds upon the spikes of events, words, adjectives, vowels. Yet it has 
been a long time since I've been so close to the bone with a subject, in 
particular one so close itself to the sublime.

I'm tired of naked bodies and after aM, they become a kind of litter 
reminiscent of war. And all the movements such bodies might made, from 
falling and failing to flying and fleeing - spanning the continuum from 
suicide to death - just so - not tiredness, no, certainly not arousal, not 
disinterest - perhaps the flight of something which never really 
approached. Day after day I've looked through image after image, tape 
after tape, as if some secret would arise through special effects of even 
juxtaposition; what occurred instead was an internal mapping of every step 
all of us took physically and psychologically through that, and every 
other, landscape.

Every organism is an organism of and by slaughter, every landscape, a 
landscape of death. Hannibal's elephants haunt the Alps. Where nothing 
lives always has fuzzy boundaries where the limited exigencies of life are 
contested. I think of the unholy matri-patrimony of aM and what it has led 
to, almost a denial that only Rilke was capable of. Actually climbing to 
the bluff, the church, the grave, seems an impossible memory now, as if I 
have robbed the experience of another. Memories always teeter on the verge 
of recognition.

So this is to say, and not to say, that the work from Geneva and the Alps 
has entered a period of dormancy, one with an almost-consciousness of 
waiting. The rocks still gnaw at me; I think of the possibility of climb- 
ing between the twin peaks near La Gruyere. That would be an _episode._

So the work continues, wide-awake, and has entered a period of illustra- 
tion, as time distances and we become increasingly disinvested of psycho- 
logical trauma, if not of psycho-history itself. I manipulate images of a 
woman I don't know, have never known, among motions and images of the rest 
of us. That this would lead back to Aletsch, through Blatten to Belalp, is 
both a dream and an obsession. And we would be there in this false spring, 
when the world supports clear skies and a kind of moody warmth that 
appears after great exertion. And that one or another would be furiously 
creating. And that that, would be that.



My Best Times and Best Writing! At least I think so... :-(

Sometimes supreme happiness comes my way as a fold or potential field 
opening up vast possibilities and new horizons. All these languages that 
grace my shelves! Fijian, Tahitian, Tibetan, Pali, Sanskrit, Romansch - 
the world blooms with new grammars, new structures for organizing the 
universe acoustically! Now I also play the erhu, some simple north- 
Saharan-like repetitive trance-songs - and harmonicas (I just read a poem 
which included a "mouth-organ" in The Ladies' Home Journal Treasury from 
1956 - I've mentioned this book before, there's even a reproduction of a 
cover by Sargent! And the harmonic minor (C minor) harp from Lee Oskar is 
fantastic! I walk down the street making up Yiddish tunes as I go. And 
speaking of which - yes, on the short-wave, or upper middle-wave, around 
1700, there's Rebs galore, what seems to be a Chassidic station in Yiddish 
and Hebrew - and the tunes are fantastic. I just installed a very old 
version of Final Cut Pro on my Mac Powerbook, and here it is, burning 
madly away, a new piece - it can take it's time, I have other machines, 
I'm rattling away on this new laptop which I need for my also new class in 
Beginning Filmmaking at Brown! This was through Leslie Thornton - the 
class emphasizes digital everything except the camera - in a way it's the 
phenomenology of film itself that's at stake! Here's a frame - what do 
you want to do with it? The Flower Ornament Sutra keeps my busy at night - 
and there are so many wonderful books here - Roberto Harrison's writings 
are nothing short of incredible, intense, abstracted, neuro-psychological, 
what does that mean?, slightly conceptualized, veering, always fascinating 
- and one can always go back to Kristeva's Language, The Unknown - how 
young she was then! - which reminds me of my continuous mourning-the-Alps 
and that never to be reproduced / revisited trip which produced probably 
fifteen or twenty hours of brilliant dance, video, soundwork, even just 
pacing the middle of the European continent, such as it is. And then that 
unforeseen trip to Rilke's grave in Raron - and the Duino, the Orpheus, 
the letters to Merline, and now Erich Heller's The Disinherited Mind, 
which I can always recommend as an old friend - here I am on the chapter 
about Nietzsche and Rilke! Not really a small world - I've been look for 
commentary - it just came along! Just as the wonderful O'Reilly book on 
Unicode - I mean really really wonderful! arrived after Sandy told me 
about it - I ordered a review copy - it's just the thing of course for 
codeworkers or anyone wanting to understand the potential of the graphemic 
universe transformed into universals given this-and-that tolerance class 
and an always already limited digital space! It's sitting right next to 
another review copy - this is PC Music, the easy guide, 3rd edition - and 
here I am on the Mac, making new video and audio, and on an old Mac! But 
this is what I found for the PC - something called the Taksi Desktop Video 
Recorder at Source Forge which promises great things, translating window 
into usable footage - as if video were still "footage" - one can imagine 
of course that 24 frames a second really implies these rectangles moving 
by us one by one - this is far from the truth now. It's all internal, it 
can be any way one wants! Unlike Badiou - and I have so much Badiou - and 
it reads like stringent iron, that truth that binds just about everything 
and then of course veers off into poetry and art - the French are like 
that - I think Kristeva's one of the best, not to mention M. Derrida. More 
and more I've been listening to disembodied voices on the shortwave - not 
the Net - which is so flat, so predictable - shortwave space - radio space 
- is deep space, the deepest space - you might or might not hear a signal 
- signals and stations come and go - static of all sorts intervenes - 
static itself is interesting - and listen to this! I picked up a numbers 
station a couple of nights ago - the same comforting female voice, Spanish 
numbers - even around the same place on the dial - about 6800 Mhz - that 
seems to be like a singles bar for spies - anyone can join in - the code's 
unbreakable of course, which just goes to show what one-to-one encryption 
can do - I mean both ends have the same code book - there's no structure, 
no rhyme or reason - you can't break a structureless code unless you've 
got the book or massive processing - and if the book's unique, even that - 
the processing - produces nothing. So you're listening to clear imperv- 
iousness. The other night, our cat got really sick - for the first time we 
sprayed for the larger cockroaches - I hate killing, but they were begin- 
ning to swarm - when they were injured, we put them outside, praying for 
their revival, karma, just elsewhere - anyway I think the cat caught 
something or other - not sure - but she became lethargic, drinking a lot - 
there was vomit and diarrhea - she's recovered well now and again purrs 
constantly which keeps us going; there are odd words in Sanskrit that 
relate to English words like 'middle' or 'calculator' - some languages 
from our parochial viewpoint just seem to meander - meanwhile that first 
video I did tonight - it was horrifying! apocalyptic! - as if sex and 
violence and death and suicide were all entangled in the television image 
- and this in less than a minute and a half - I don't dare show it! It's 
far too graphic, too disturbing! At least for me - something like the 
avatar head pieces I did a while ago - but those were excusable! They went 
somewhere, said something! - This is just a dead-end piece; I found Waite 
and Dion Fortune on the Kabbalah - ok, I've read the real thing, the 
Zohar, know some Hebrew, used to know a bit about the Sephirot and for 
that matter used to know some Kabbalists - I mean people who really 
studied this stuff, obviously in the original, reminds me of Dogen - 
anyway - the Waite and Fortune are something else entirely - it's that 
weird British thing that sent ladies to ashrams - maybe the thing Koestler 
objected to in The Lotus and the Robot - just checked - the new video came 
out amazing - by which I mean that I've never seen anything like it - 
that's what keeps me going - when a world opens up like that - so I've 
been trading off books, paring them down - unfortunately there's more 
equipment around - I can't help that - without money, with all this stuff, 
we'll still starve - but the image will be ok. I'm one of those people 
with "irons in the fire"! I'm a "hot potato"!  I've got "something on my 
mind"! I'm forever planning, forever Amber! I've been using the linux 
Zaurus 5600 again - it's fairly old as these things go now - small computer 
looking like a PDA - but with linux, one can do anything! Speed means 
something completely different in linux! Anyway I'm playing scrabble games 
and wondering if they somehow do increase neural connectivities - I sure 
hope so! PJ O'Rourke was on television today, a three-hour interview - it 
was fantastic, memories of Hunter Thompson - they were close - said that 
Hunter never figured it out - what to do after 50 - and collapsed - anyway 
didn't that whole period collapse? I saw Bobby Seale talking as well and 
got Soul on Ice again - just the force of language then - it's already 
going to read like history, flattened into non-existence - look at Marx's 
Capital or the theses or manifesto or whatever - it all reads like a 
whisper - that's happening to the Situationists - culture speeds - the way 
we're working now - all this distributivity - it's impossible to relate to 
modernism, I mean the telephone, old-time baseball, network television, 
the structure of Shakespeare or Hemingway. You can feel the canons passing 
in the night! When the caissons go rolling along! It's true what they say 
- it's all over before it began - this species - our own - is in full 
bloom - I mean in the technical sense - we're the red tide of the planet 
itself! Look at the deaths we leave in our wake! Look at the wakes we 
don't have for our dead! Who has the time! Hundreds of thousands dead in 
Iraq - no time - it's the killing fields - American men and women - the 
remnants of the anthem - I hope I can trade some of my cassettes to Steve 
Tobin who produced my latest CD - I'm remembering things like the Factory 
stuff or Sleep Chamber - just like Ayler but maybe fifteen or twenty years 
later than Ayler - there's some kind of absolute there - it's gone now - 
you'd think when things reach some sort of climax - Daniel Buren say - 
stuff's all over - but the truth is, people like to look at stuff and 
listen to stuff and it doesn't really matter whether it's been done before 
or not - it's the wonder of the world that's coming through to them, just 
like with the shortwave, and with all of the noise of the shortwave as 
well. I'm trying to place Grotowski - his poor theater in all senses of 
the word ended up at Irvine where he's world-famous - why not? That 
Artaud-like anguish seems to have vanished in favor of memory, but what do 
I know - I never knew in the first place. People are afraid of sexual work 
- it remains some kind of taint - what the three of us did at the Grutli 
set up disturbances a couple of magnitudes greater - how to release the 
tape - Crepuscule (Twilight) or some such - I can never remember plurals - 
for example it's Gruyeres for the area, but it's La Gruyere for the town - 
the cheese is incredible; they use robots similar to the new library ones 
but in the cheese factory they turn over I think seventy-five pound disks 
of the stuff for perfect aging. And it does age perfectly! Gruyere cheese 
or raclet cheese are amazing! I'm sure my spelling's a mess again. I never 
listen to cultural-political writers unless they're in power. All that 
energy in a posteriori analysis. I need someone to say - the bomb's going 
off in maybe an hour from now, here's the address, the people that did it, 
the reasons why, etc. etc. - and really have this down - not someone from 
the group itself - although that would be interesting - yes, maybe that - 
all this sudden speculation on/about Islam - our country isn't even pub- 
escent - there's not that much sex! - We're like infants with guns! - You 
know what a mess that is - even our speech is brutal - we're so drunk with 
brutality we don't recognize it - it's not in front of us, or what we 
swallow - it's our essence, it's our core, our primatology - and for that 
matter everyone else's - but the power and the waste is here. I've got to 
get the small Afghani rebab strung up - try ukelele strings? - one of the 
catgut broke - if my hearing were better in terms of native pitch, the 
erhu would be a piece of cake - it's not, but the rebab at least has three 
frets - not much to go on, but something. The ceiling crack in our loft 
has been widening; the beams might be broken and among other nightmares I 
imagine the whole thing collapsing. We've got a metering device on them.




the abject image

the youtube here is horrible; the result is a travesty, a total mess, 
awful. the update video page didn't take - in other words, i can't change 
a thing except delete. please do to the 2nd url below - it's really much 
better. 

tell everyone to ignore the first.

fast diffuse integration
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ct7VIttw_-w
slow sharp differentiation
http://www.asondheim.org/hundreds.mp4

made from pieces of stuff.

ripped off from yesterday's skin.




Two Subjects 


Subject: homage to Brakhage, little-seen footage from 1958

http://www.asondheim.org/brakhagebreakage.mp4

Subject: blurb for our upcoming show at Millennium in New York

(date to be announced)

Crepuscle (Twilight) explores the exigencies of dance, eroticism, cultural
restriction, and arousal; it was edited from over a dozen segments in
Geneva. The work tenders the null-point of language, a point where words
stutter, where the body takes over, where cultural tropes are transformed
and lost. It's the deliberate creation of repressed memories. It challenges
the conventions of dance - turning dance inside-out. For the
three of us, it's the culmination of an erotic element in our work that has
all been lost in contemporary culture. Crepuscle rides the muscle of the
body and jouissance, opening a territory which remains virtual, haunting.

A number of short works with Foofwa, shot in Geneva, Gruyeres, and the
Aletsch Glacier in the Swiss Alps, will also be shown.


memories of rilke, articulated, segmented, a grave condition

http://www.asondheim.org/gravetalkerl.mp4

hello maud, when you read this, rilke will be dead
rilke he cleansed hands of the killing-fields
foofwa, he cleansed hands of the killing floor
see them both

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1K34-UmJQE
ianother version on YouTube made especially for YouTube
therefore no avatar nudity
therefore no avatar nudity
therefore no avatar nudity

a grave condition, a clean break

bodyvlf1

bodyvlf up for short time @ http://www.asondheim.org/bodyvlf.mp4

Antenna-sex-wire electronic interference coupling bodies modeled living 
theater stuttered aura field aural field 

The nudity-filled feature will be accompanied by a behind-the-scenes 
documentary, which will be released as a separate DVD or as a bonus DVD 
feature. ...

Alphabetical: and answered are back blind cleansed cured dead deaf Go good 
gospel have he hear heard is John lame lepers leprosy messengers news poor 
... On whatever any of them falls when they are dead, it shall be unclean; 
whether it is ... and it shall be unclean until the evening; so it shall 
be cleansed. ... Alphabetical: and are blind cleansed cured dead deaf good 
gospel have hear is lame lepers leprosy news poor preached raised receive 
sight The them those to ...

It's useful today to remember that there was a time when partisanship took 
second place to trust and the House leadership had the strength to wash 
its own ...

The nudity-filled feature will be accompanied by a behind-the-scenes 
documentary, which will be released as a separate DVD or as a bonus DVD 
feature. ...

Weblog supportive of reelecting the president, including lots of links. 
Matt Margolis runs this blog.

Canadian Airways in Winter, (ar) Boy's Own Paper Jan 1936 ... John 
Greenway Turns the Tables, (ss) Collins' for Boys and Girls Apr 1950. 
HAUSSER, E. (chron. ...

Antenna-sex-wire electronic interference coupling bodies modeled living 
theater stuttered aura field aural field 



Moving Her Body in Her Second Life

Today I revisited Second Life and gave new Life to my Avatar and now Her 
Body moves just like I would move if I had a File called God.

God makes Dojoji move and God infuses Her with Life new-born, glorious 
Life, lovely in Conception and Deed. I cannot say enough about Her 
Appearance, but it will remain with me until the Rapture, when she will 
lead the Procession of Salvation, Holiest among the Holy, Saved among the 
Saved, New-Born among the New-Born.

http://www.asondheim.org/flop.mov

Yes, and Delicious with the Sweetness of the Nectar of the Lord. I would 
love Her Strong, were it not for my Love of God; I would worship Her, were 
it not for Strong Salvation. She shall Ascend to the Holy of Holies; She 
will draw me up; I will not be far behind. For She accords me the Grace of 
Creation, just as I accord her the Wager of Sin.

Together we shudder at the very Sight of the Eternal, We Love each Other 
so very much!


Is it Possible?

By Al Dubin and Jimmy McHugh (1939)

Is it possible you're possessable in the moonlight?
Is it possible you're caressable in the dark?
It can't be true someone like you would kiss me,
This must be heaven, this can't be a park,
Is it possible you're a "yes"able sort of person?
Then a wedding ring could make ev'rything quite all right,
For if you heart is "throbable," it's probable you might,
Is it possible you're possessable tonight.

http://www.asondheim.org/bodyvlf3.mov

Sweet Thing

By Joe Young, Abel Baer, and Fred E. Ahlert (1939)

Sweet Thing, you did that thing to my heart,
I want you, I need you, I do--
Sweet Thing, I simply can't get enough of you.
Sweet Thing, you came and "bing" went my heart,
It's beating, repeating your name,
Sweet Thing, now you're the top in my Hall of Fame.
While passing by you smiled at me so friendly,
The day was so languid and warm,
And there stood I with nothing to defend me, 
No wonder you took me by storm.
Sweet Thing, you did that thing to my heart,
I sigh and I laugh and I sing,
Here's why, because you're everything,
Sweet Thing.



My Promise to You

1. Rearrangement

No 
Sex

The do promise sex of again. no I sex. will I not will have not nudity do 
The sex promise again. of have will nudity not again mention in body my 
parts texts. again. mention perfect body again parts in be will perfect 
not newborn characterize characterize I men will or be women newborn 
sexual will violence not activity will work. again masturbation again work 
in and my intercourse swamped am will swamped not with have attention 
intercourse given sex, to nudity, the body sex, parts, nudity, sexual 
parts, sexual violence, given activity, the masturbation, work. exhausted 
masturbation, by and televised motion motion sex, picture photographed 
photographed dreamed dreamed by spoken may poetics with may and dance sex, 
dance-video not images dance-video violence. I never have done will 
frightened am encounters strangers. strangers. am meetings unaccustomed 
unaccustomed with space. write write lonely lonely space. place, I 
forsaken will places, not ruined Ruins places. do Ruins not tired am being 
of misunderstood. playing playing tired misunderstood am boohoo tired 
little of boy. being boy boy. who of does being good. misogynist 
misogynist no burns I at tired stake, stake, erects stake, children tired 
stake. organs dumb children organs at description stake. organs. write 
politics and without politics words without actions will that learn learn 
never forgiven. will go I on. will film sight sound to sight to dance.

2. My Promise

No Sex

The promise of no sex. I will not do sex again. I will not have nudity 
again in my texts. I will not mention body parts again. I will be perfect 
again. I will be newborn again. I will not characterize men or women 
again. I will not have sexual violence again in my texts. I will not have 
sexual activity again in my work. I will not have masturbation again in my 
work and will not have intercourse in my work. I am swamped with attention 
given to the sex, nudity, body parts, sexual violence, sexual activity, 
masturbation, and intercourse in my work. I am exhausted by sex. I am 
exhausted by televised sex, motion picture sex, photographed sex, dreamed 
sex, spoken sex, poetics of sex. I may work with dance and sex and 
dance-video and sex. I will not work with images of sexual violence. I 
will not do sexual violence. I have never done sexual violence. I have 
never done violence. I am frightened of violence. I am frightened by 
encounters with strangers. I am frightened of meetings in unaccustomed 
space. I will not write of violence in lonely place, forsaken places, 
ruined places. Ruins write my texts. Ruins do not write sex, do not write 
sexual violence. I am tired of being misunderstood. I am tired of playing 
the misunderstood boohoo little boy. I am tired of being the little boy 
who does no good. I am tired of being the misogynist who burns women at 
the stake, who burns men at the stake, who erects the stake, who burns 
children at the stake. I am tired of dumb organs and description of dumb 
organs. I will write politics without sex and politics without sexual 
violence and politics without sexual words and politics without words or 
actions that may be misunderstood. I will learn to be good. I will never 
be forgiven. I will learn to go on. I will learn to write again. I will 
learn to film again. I will learn sound and sight again. I will learn to 
dance.


VirtualBody

http://www.asondheim.org/virtualbody.mp4 */long/*

This is the final solution of the virtual body, the solution down to the 
bone where the flesh is irrelevant, the muscular body of atrophied 
muscles, the wired body switched off, the wired body switched on - this is 
the perfect perfected pure virtual body, the aerial body of antenna and 
ground

this is the shattered body, body shattered against itself, body of songs 
and delights, unspeaking and unspeakable body

it might be said that sex, for me, was only a detour, that this body has 
been the construct-construction of years - the rendering of these few 
moments left (of the shattered body, the final solution) taking only a 
matter of twenty hours or twelve-hundred minutes for perfect production, 
frame by frame, image by image, the coalescence of nature-culture like 
none other, the immanent shattered by the imminent

only the necessity of knowing the absence of sex and all desire, the 
useless remnant of violence crawling out of our civilization - only this 
necessity is a reminder of the interior of pollution incohering, stripped 
from life and limb, corpuscule and tissue

nothing is in favor of the light 'here,' nothing is 'here' nor was nor 
would have been (nothing exemplary anyway)

The Text of the Procurer:

:lives always has fuzzy boundaries where the limited exigencies of life 
are:landscape of death. Hannibal's elephants haunt the Alps. Where 
nothing:Every organism is an organism of and by slaughter, every 
landscape, a:have robbed the experience of another. Memories always teeter 
on the verge:to, almost a denial that only Rilke was capable of. Actually 
climbing to:

http://www.asondheim.org/virtualbody.mp4 */long/*

Devour the bluff, the church, the grave, seems an impossible memory now, 
as if I Brought Forth through lives always has fuzzy boundaries where the 
limited exigencies of life are!

landscape of death. 
nothing 
the haunted. of landscape, the landscape of death.
where nothing of the landscape of death.
where nothing lives and nothing is the landscape of death.

The Recognition. 
slaughter.verge.
the saturation. the dead-sex link with death and pain.
the dead linkage.



virtual body vb
it made it up for a while I think - the same as the 48 meg but even more 
compressed.
look at the previous text for a description.
tools used were luma and chroma keying (both positive and negative), 
positive and negative video echo, displaced overlays, expanded time, 
hue shift, brightness/contrast changes, saturation changes. it took 
far too long. i wanted the image to 'keep' through the changes but 
lose the body and sexuality; i wanted the dance-movement of the wires,
the body shattered; i wanted a lot of things that might not have 
happened; i still want a lot of things that won't ever happen. boohoo
i'm so sad for me
virtualbody @
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbapIr8K_Ls
as long as it lasts, as long as they let it up

if you haven't seen some of the other vids, check them out, they're short

yipes!

yassmee ,yargeva yahte ,yahchcru yahte ,yalbffu yahte yacta yaghthrou 
yalhanniba'yas yafo yasmorgani yaghrou yawlandscape yanthau yalpsa. 
yangnothi yawwhere yawlandscape yasmathesi yaothingnay yasstorie yawage 
... yashengli yawcountryside, yanca yawyou yandfi yarothe yadpunche 
yardsca yaweliminate yaevery yasmorgani yasi yana yafo yanda yaby yasplace 
yani yawlondscopo, yawo yagpi-yanlati yaeveryway yaorganismway yaisway 
yaanway yaorganismway yaofway yasday, yawi ... yawgamo yadsai yawhe yadha 
yatno yadengage yani yaxse yathwi yanruehlma. yawlandscape, yawjunkie 
yawjulu ... yaxtte yanmanipulatio yasexample yalnorma yaevery yasmorgani 
yangclimbi yarslaughte, yaevery yawlandscape, yawa yackba yaghthrou yawka 
yawi yafi yawgooglescrape (yawra) ,yanwo yangcompili yaslive yasalway 
yasha yafuzzy yasboundarie yawwhere yawthe yawthe yawlknnsmkpo, yaevery 
yasmorgani yasi yana yasmorgani yafo yanda yaby yarslaughte, yadsqueeze? 
yaryou yak yaevory yaalpsway. yaerewhay yawimpossible yana yamssee 
yawgrave, yawthe yarchchu, yawthe yaffblu, yaevery yana yasmorgani yafo 
yanda yaby yarslaughte, yatwha yawdo yawyou yallca yaryou yawhave yanda 
yaby yawthose yarothe yangolde yaandway yaybay yaannibalhay'yasay 
yaelephantsway yaaunthay yafo yaxse yawto, yasha yawrilke yarchchu, 
yarchchu, yawrilke yadle yaldenia yamyrome yawelbissopmi yawna yaany yafo 
yawthe yanchristia yawrampage yandse yani yathdea ... yalspisto, yawthe 
yashcla, yaro yaproperly yawvi yalhanniba'yas yalpsa. yawlandscape yasi 
yasi yawlandscape yawwhere yaactually yarchchu, :yag/^/yawmo0 
yalhanniba'yas yaha... yaryou yastlo-yabody-yansski yaware yaryou 
yawjuice? yawi yawlove yasmorgani yasi yamssee yana yawimpossible yamemory 
yawno, yasa yafi yawi yasi yarsyou... yaware yawyou yaethay yasmorgani 
yasi yana yasmorgani yafo yanda yaby yacountry yafo yaldco: yasstorie yafo 
yaxse yaxse yantharassme yanda yathdea, yaslandscape yafo yalphysica 
yanspatterso yalfictiona yatdebu, yafo yarfo 1 yawthe yasmorgono yaso yano 
yasmorgono yafo yando yaby yarslooghto, yaovory yawthese yangsfeeli, 
yagsdru - yasa yawno, yamemory yarslaughte, yaevery yawlandscape, yawa 
yaryou yadsqueeze yasi yawthe yacurrency yaryou yagdru - yarslaughte, 
yaevery yawlandscape, yawa yawlandscape yamxeli.yapl yaevery yanbee yawa 
yaevory yarqknssmo yass yakn yarqknssmo yapo yaknn yaly yarslkuqrto, 
yaovory yascase yadtrea yastli yamthe... yamy yawthe yaffblu, yawthe 
yarchchu, yawthe yawgrave, yawthe yavre yawi yawfi yawsa yaevery yarliquo 
yawstore yawname yawto yaryou yarhunge! yasthi yaevery yasmorgani yasi 
yana yasmorgani yafo yaninterpretatio yafo yathdea yanwhe yangdecidi 
yawsimple yarlpe yamprogra yaltsresu: yawgive yawa



the session of creation

[Alan Sondheim joined the session]
[Alan Sondheim started recording]
Alan Sondheim: Listening to this session for the echo in the room. 
16-Jan-2007 16:15:14 GMT
Alan Sondheim: "Recording this session" "Listening to this session" 
16-Jan-2007 16:15:25 GMT
Alan Sondheim: I remember when I used to write into the void,
there were great hollows, condors, sublime worlds beyond worlds 
16-Jan-2007 16:16:18 GMT
Alan Sondheim: And because the worlds were beyond worlds, because of this, 
there were worlds invisible, worlds hidden by the truths of others. 
16-Jan-2007 16:16:47 GMT
Alan Sondheim: They recorded only as echoes, they sounded only as echoes. 
16-Jan-2007 16:17:04 GMT
Alan Sondheim: That was the beginning of appearance, that was the ending 
of dreams. 
16-Jan-2007 16:17:30 GMT
[Alan Sondheim stopped recording]
 


the disappearance of performers

123 through Incidence performers, Foofwa d'Imobilite, sFx Alan Sondheim
YouTube not bad here:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkHhzj_x3wo
Fuller version:
http://www.asondheim.org/123.mp4

early rediscovered instrumental rehearsal tapes (73?- 75?) w/ Laurie 
Anderson (violin), Alan Sondheim (mandolin, guitar)

http://www.asondheim.org/lauriealan4star.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/lauriealan5star.mp3

the rediscovery of a tenuous history of culture and net before collapse

early tapes with other performers forthcoming



strange video and other audio

strange video 
lecturing on nabil kanso on google tv 
i don't know who put this up 
i didn't 
i seem to touch my face a lot
i lost weight
i jumped up and down with the analog video frame
who am i what have i done

http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=1019448160506157197&q=%22Alan+Sondheim%22&hl=en

i knew kanso but don't know what he's up to

