==

more from archive: david smith, alan sondheim, 198?
sondheim, guitar, smith, electronic setups

http://www.asondheim.org/davidalan1.mp3
http://www.asondheim.org/davidalanstar2.mp3

notes from conversation w/ david bohm, 1974?

http://www.asondheim.org/davidbohmnotesmall.mp3

music with chris frantz & others, 1973?

http://www.asondheim.org/franzstarsection1.mp3

i want to i want to die. old. my are want want i want to die. my skin i 
want to die. to dead from and try i old. from from old. to i want to die. 
my words my i want to die. try dead words head. bones to old. my lead. 
falls i'm my lead. drop dead are drop won't my my my my be you cold. my my 
won't kill head. are dead drop yourself. be skin are from kill take drop 
and my won't with kill from cold. drop with with lead. skin my yourself. 
me take head. falls won't me me won't from drop with to me drop head. kill 
to you there. words won't with grave you. lead. like with i'll the 
yourself. lead. kill the your me won't won't with slave. i'll me won't 
with your my you kill yourself. the is your you. kill me brain gone the 
take with your sleeps my me me the and sleeps i'll you. me brain ill is 
you take be ill ill your me the sleeps i'm and the you brain alone. i'm my 
to be ill burn forever. i'll grave sleeps and joints is grave brain joints 
every ill your your ill moment and gone your and sever. cancer i'm brain 
brain joints up every sleeps brain ill gets churns joints gone sleeps 
every day. cancer in and joints the day. and sleeps ill gets hell up 
weather in sever. hell hell sever. ill joints day. never the joints i'm 
gets never pay moment i'm sever. to i there's and burn the won't enough 
gets burn gets enough sleep. to every every to continue won't churns every 
the sleep. i never cancer gets enough over. i'll day. gets to i over. time 
churns day. sleep. knife i hell churns time knife is i day. to fall 
syllables over. pay there's sleep. syllables syllables sleep. to time 
knife time knife time pay fall time no continue never sleep. begone 
phonemes. suicide. won't i knife phonemes. for fall i i for and begone 
i'll i'll begone vow phonemes. every i'll knife and moans no i fall for 
murmurs vow is i syllables moans last for over. knife and constricted 
moans syllables every for constricted constricted phonemes. is begone 
murmurs heard last no suicide. and heard heard and syllables for 
constricted rattle gargle for no moans rattle death vowels time and the 
ago throat. phonemes. harder constricted i years murmurs phonemes. moans 
years it heard and and the now. i gargle and constricted it wallow death 
moans murmurs years history it throat. moans heard in no years last 
constricted it cares wallow heard gargle years one cares i throat. heard 
in there's history death i have there's there's it heard years cares time 
one years death in for time wallow rattle have there's my for i ago cares 
skin it. history ago in it. my there's it it there's skin skin no it one 
folds bones time in in it. my my cares in there's fold bones it. no cares 
my mind. bones it one it. creased mind. skin cares there's fold kill my no 
it folds kill kill folds there's it. mind. no creased it. time fold no i 
skin time folds me to please skin my creased think want fold my fold want 
wake me my my me scared think bones my creased wake crawl no bones fold 
want bed. up mind. fold me crawl bed. longer bones mind. wake and crawl 
kill bones longer and buried to mind. me to ago bed. i please wake ago ago 
wake me longer and become and longer i to become shall scared no wake i 
anchor. long think to and anchor. weight to to crawl weight eyes i up up i 
blind anchor. dead up and eyes eyes shall crawl to weight ears blind 
buried crawl ago eyes deaf weight bed. and eyes ears. eyes ago dead weight 
ears. ears. anchor. buried i ears to deaf shall long eyes to to eyes ago 
weight ears. until my weight shall eyes until blood my become eyes leak 
drain. i anchor. and ears. i i ears anchor. eyes i to to eyes eyes leak 
bleed. i my eyes ears. to i blood eyes ears i to to i eyes to want drain. 
i deaf ears. to want i to my i i want i i to want zero to blood want want 
zero zero to to i want i i i blood want want i i until want zero call to i 
drain. want zero to to drain. want to zero. zero to to zero i zero drain. 
to i zero want i want want to i want to die. zero. want want zero to i to 
drain. want zero. to want call i to want to zero want zero to to i want to 
die. zero. call zero to to zero zero to to want to i to i i zero i want to 
die. try zero call want to call to i want to die. zero. zero. i want to 
die. i zero. want want to to to i want to die. i to to i to i want to die. 
try i want to die. old. to are to old. my i want to die. and i want to 
die. dead bones old. skin i'm skin are are from my my and my my dead drop 
cold. my head. my lead. skin like drop from be from won't like drop kill 
head. yourself. lead. won't yourself. like with you kill me won't take be 
with with kill you kill with you. me the take the take me i'll you. your 
with the be me my you your slave. the gone the is my be sleeps i'll sleeps 
brain brain in slave. ill is sleeps weather brain alone. and ill i'm and 
and sleeps joints alone. ill every in every joints alone. cancer i'm gets 
and sever. up joints the sever. gets churns sever. hell every day. day. 
cancer pay cancer to there's the time churns enough hell to i day. sleep. 
to time sleep. to i never sleep. i'll time over. enough fall continue 
sleep. is won't is i i syllables i'll begone over. knife begone fall for 
every begone no knife phonemes. is harder for syllables vow syllables and 
harder for moans no murmurs phonemes. and murmurs harder constricted avow 
moans gargle and i vow constricted constricted moans death moans the 
throat. gargle years last years i heard i throat. it the years have heard 
wallow death it now. years no years history wallow have cares i cares in 
in it now. there's history cares no in for one there's time one skin cares 
it. for there's my it my it. for bones time fold skin folds my it. creased 
folds fold bones folds kill my mind. mind. bones i bones me please creased 
longer bones want kill me to mind. wake me longer wake me crawl no wake up 
longer bed. want to scared wake buried think buried crawl crawl ago up i 
bed. and i to weight dead i shall and anchor. buried and weight ago blind 
ago eyes and weight eyes shall ears anchor. eyes ears and ears. my eyes my 
eyes want blind ears. ears. eyes blood eyes leak i my i deaf i want to i i 
to leak i want to i blood to bleed. i drain. i to i want want i want want 
want call bleed. zero to want zero. want want i zero i i zero want to want 
zero zero. call zero. to want want i to zero zero i want to die. to want 
zero to i zero to zero. to to want want i want to die. try want i to i 
want to die. to i want to die. i want to die.


Some new music short

experiment in talking ballad w/ 19th-century echo harp
http://www.asondheim.org/wereareyougoing.mp3

c harmonic minor speed version
http://www.asondheim.org/klezz.mp3

They're both of interest, lugubrious and joyful.
Recorded last night after frustrating takes.


The field recording dedicated to Michael Snow

http://www.asondheim.org/fieldrecording.mp3

This is dedicated to Michael Snow, who taught me everything 
an original field recording. The instrument is unusual.
Here for you is a new and different field recording
who is singing in a new and unusual way. If that is the case,
I had to know about field recordings. Field recordings
who made them come alive for me and I owe him gratitude.
You know, field recordings are both easy and difficult.
Without field recordings, past civilizations and tribes
to do. One might for example come across a very old person
and tuned unusually. I have not come across this before,
with the mysteries of humans and their various ways of life
are the very stuff of human culture and its explorations.
This is an amazing opportunity to hear 
and make something that others may hear and sing and make,
a glory all their own, since they are replete, fecund,
of an older person playing an unusual instrument.
I love the field recordings and it was Michael Snow. 
It should also be said that field recordings have 
since the person can sing into the field recording 
a kind of wooden stringed lute I had not come across before,
might never have found the light of technological day.
A field recording proves useful and exciting


avatar attempting escape of the vectors of its origin

this was the result of avatar-work which led to the work 
with Maud Liardon, Foofwa d'Imobilite, Azure Carter.
made with motion capture, Poser, Mocap, Quicktime.
rough version on YouTube. already on 
http://www.asondheim.org/evasionofbeing.mp4

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gP0Np_s3Bj4




metrical forms of the apocalypse

http://www.asondheim.org/metrical.mp3 (tabla)

"It is not, again, "what is to be done," but "what is the doing." And it 
is insufficient to abjure the doing, as in the notion there can be no 
lyric poetry, perhaps no poetry, after the Holocaust, that other holocaust 
that continues in yet other forms. This bypasses, not only doing, but 
thinking that may yet reveal another dawn in the midst of dusk. One might 
say in return, all dawns are ruptured. The day is ruptured by the night. 
What remains, what is never ruptured: ground zero - one might say the 
substance of ground zero, but here there is no divisibility; one fails and 
falters with the other."

Metrical Forms of the Apocalypse ii

etrical phonology is a phonological theory concerned with organizing 
segments into groups of relative prominence. egments are organized into 
syllables ... hapter : elation of etrical to rojective and escriptive 
eometry. o be continued... + hapter : etrical eometry | ontents | hapter 
owever, in writing metrical stuff, wondering if simply being metrical 
is sufficient ... ertainly no one could confuse something metrical with 
prose, ... "Metrical Forms of the Apocalypse apocalypse" is sometimes 
labelled ew pocalypse or ew omantic, plain-speaking poems in obvious 
metrical forms with socialist content, ... - true ithout neglecting 
the metrical form or poetic techniques peculiar to the iffard pocalypse, 
have stressed the poems close relationship to the older true is work 
appeared in the pocalypse anthologies, and contemporary reviewers taste 
for complicated metrical forms; but even he regretted that often the 
pocalypse ow: apping the nd of ays in the ork of rau va (ca.  er 
compendium of texts, a pithy rendering of key biblical texts in metrical 
form, ... ions/dp/ k true ext is the rowning of esus, a metrical 
re-telling of the gospels, ...

 covers the pocalypse, though in this book he re-writes it in metrical 
form. ... ions/dp/ k true ext is the rowning of esus, a metrical 
re-telling of the gospels, ...

 covers the pocalypse, though in this book he re-writes it in metrical 
form. ... true hapter discusses ernards use of a wide variety of metrical 
forms (including classical prosody) and his use of sophisticated rhyme 
schemes, ... k true ertainly she succeeds in this aim in f ou ame: written 
in the kind of tight metrical form which she favoured, the diction and 
syntax of the poem could ... flickerings of ew pocalypse poetry the 
flamboyant, surreal,

 s are embedded in verses whose imagery and metrical forms derive from 
ante. ... flickerings of ew pocalypse poetry the flamboyant, surreal,

 s are embedded in verses whose imagery and metrical forms derive from 
ante. Metrical Forms of the Apocalypse .



Ground zero (second version)


Zero is ground down; the ground has no depth; the ground is flattened; 
ground is always already charnel-hus; ground is always killing-field; 
ground is replete, fecund, historic; history is flattened; ground is 
characterized by the _trail_; the trail crosses the ground; the ground is 
obdurate, inert, among and within the trail. The ground trails the trail; 
the trail trails the ground.

Ground is space, now this is space, now this is time, this was time; 
ground is, this is time now, this is space there. 

Ground zero is the ground of the wild, the trail of the wild, its call or 
calling, kill or culling. Ground zero is the table-tabulation of the 
ground, part-objects of plants, animals, organic debris; ground is always 
already debris. The ground does not suffer: the suffering of the ground is 
our suffering: the ground is contaminated with our suffering.

Our suffering is the suffering of the ground - which is not the suffering 
of the ground - which does not suffer - our suffering is the table- 
tabulation, the unknown, unaccounted, unaccountable, unaccounted-for basis 
of data, the blurring of data: all this construct of the human upon 
absolutely nothing.

It is here that the wild parts the Wild, that the Wild decomposes - not on 
the technological, on the subsequent extinctions, on the devolving of 
extinctions - but on ground zero, on table-tabulations - from the begin-
ning an established fact. 

From here the strategy is the move to the tabled, the move which is a 
history of the process of tabling: the recognition, not of the Wild, but 
of its loss inherent within the Wild. Which isn't to say a foregone 
conclusion, but a technology gone wild, infected, infecting. 

Now what remains: ground zero already charnel-hus, slaughtered animals, 
what shall one do now? The question parallels standard 'what is to be 
done?' - to which there is no answer. Ground zero - not the Ground Zero of 
9/11 - but the ground zero of the trail, the trace - must be absolutely 
understood and understood absolutely: that the Wild has always been 
sundered to the extent that human languaging and culture have operated 
through the _trajectory of the hand-ax_ - from stone through reification 
to ax, from ax through exchange to ax. The trajectory refers to the 
_skittering_ of the trail across ground zero. The skittering is scythe and 
dominion, the distinction that makes a distinction: live and dead, hunter 
and prey, herd and cull, grain and territory.

Once there is travel, tool, reification, ground zero is both relinquish- 
ment and harboring. The violence of writing is here within table- 
tabulation, the sintering of ground zero, the remeasurement of trail, the 
contestation of trail and table. 

Why is any of this a matter of concern? Because the Wild continues to be 
romanticized, farmed-out, mystified; the sublime itself is the Wild placed 
beyond reach, the distance of a troubling absolute. I believe one must 
begin otherwise - with Holocaust, with disappearance. This needs more than 
text or voice, more than lip service. It's useless to pretend that the 
issue is "management" or "wildlife corridor" or "dark matter" or "natural 
selection" or even "selection" given the fold-catastrophic (re: Thom) 
nature of extinction. The horror inheres to flattening, to trail. It is 
not an addition, not techne, not technology. As population increases, it 
is simply coming into greater view. The issue is a fundamental geopolit- 
ical one. The only solutions may well be enclaves, data-bases, DNA banks, 
regions within hunting or poaching are punishable by death. This is far 
too little too late. It is the best chance there is. It does not address 
the future collapse of culture world-wide as pollution and climate rampage 
- these will happen. It does address the the end of things (end of the 
Wild, end of megafauna, end of variety, end of coastal culture), and that 
is all we can hope for.

ii

It is not a question of apocalypse; it has always been a question of 
apocalypse; humans have read the trails, walked and traced them, from the 
beginning, from the beginning of organism. Every organism has culture. The 
question becomes "how are we with apocalypse"; "how are we among the 
apocalyptic." For this condition, this state-of-affairs, this desire, 
looms closer, as if the apocalyptic announced itself.

I read far too often that humans have cried apocalyptic far too often - but 
for a moment, put yourself in the position of a polar bear, or black 
rhino, or bonobo: Consider these, as well, crying apocalyptic, until the 
last of the them disappears.

It is not, again, "what is to be done," but "what is the doing." And it is 
insufficient to abjure the doing, as in the notion there can be no lyric 
poetry, perhaps no poetry, after the Holocaust, that other holocaust that 
continues in yet other forms. This bypasses, not only doing, but thinking 
that may yet reveal another dawn in the midst of dusk. One might say in 
return, all dawns are ruptured. The day is ruptured by the night. What 
remains, what is never ruptured: ground zero - one might say the substance 
of ground zero, but here there is no divisibility; one fails and falters 
with the other.

iii

Ground zero is the ground of debris, spew, emission - the ground that 
erases traces, derails trails. It is never so simple as inscription, but a 
confluence of inscriptions, spatio-temporal strata, cross-purposeless. The 
fossil record is the miniscule surface of the world appearing as depth. 
But there is enough present to indicate that today something is wrong, 
incoherent - an environment that changes faster than adaptation, fit only 
for generalists - species, themselves, that might be in trouble later on.

The artificial (zoo, museum, housing development) requires energy and 
continuous maintenance. It is a strange attractor of finance; without 
money, the budget of organism falls apart. It is susceptible to world 
politics, to a world with rapidly decreasing resources. The Wild must be 
seen against this background. The Wild and its species have disappeared - 
which means the cultures of these species have disappeared - which means, 
further, that we are dealing with organisms divested of spatial and 
temporal history. There are no neighborhoods, no learned behaviors, that 
are not contaminated by humans - both within the artificial, and in the 
remnant parks and "wildernesses" on a planet experience an information 
implosion, population explosion.

Think of the artificial as organism banking, and continuous maintenance as 
the lineage of organisms translated to the lineage of human beings, in the 
future perhaps other technologies. The point is this: these lineages are 
disrupted as well, are broken - and a single break results in permanent 
loss. Kill the zoo, kill the species. Develop a plot of land harboring an 
irreplaceable biome, and the biome is gone forever. It's a no-win situation 
- environmentalists hold out with man/woman-years, and the biome seems 
safe - but one victory of development, and everything is lost. This is an 
example of the "fragility of good things" in catastrophe theory - if 
everything goes right, good things happen - but there are many more - 
astronomically many more - things that can "go wrong" - and any of them 
permanently eliminate the catastrophic peak of "goodness." In this sense 
"goodness" might be defined as _any_ desired state-of-affairs; there's no 
ethos implied.

A "world of generalists" will never be the end of the story, as generalist 
species compete with one another, construct new strategies, fill new 
ecological niches. Competition continues on a planet of rapidly depleting 
resources. There _is_ an end in sight, as variety ultimately decreases 
exponentially. 

Culture suffers as well. Projects disappear as coastlines are inundated, 
fresh water and fossil fuels are at a premium, and replacement fuels 
create vast changes in biomes themselves. Gasoline replacement comes at a 
price - again, of ecological niches, cultures, even an acceptable air 
quality level. Couple this with population pressure (we're not yet at the 
9-10 billion peak expected), and one has a world in which criminal 
activity is necessary for survival. Poaching will be long gone - there 
will be nothing left to poach (I think of the denuded hills around Ciudad 
Juarez already as an example). What we still consider, ever more tenu- 
ously, the "safe" internet, will exist locally at best, most probably used 
for gang/terror networking. The simplicity and spread of nuclear arms only 
adds to the mess.

Here is the ground zero of debris, detritus, effluvia: when there is no 
return to and from the Wild, when the "natural" becomes a literally mean- 
ingless term, when histories are absorbed and annihilated. 

It is at this point that one must start, politically, ecologically, phen- 
omenologically, if there is any hope - not of transformation - but of 
functional enclaving. The world has become a mobius-strip Auschwitz, 
encompassing everything - where we are inmates and guards, where there is 
no outside. The image itself - the reality of this metaphor - is still 
only on the horizon, but the reality of its referent is upon us.


--- 

WHAT we're doing now on Wed Jan 24 23:43:56 EST 2007

87 WHAT ftpd: ftpd: (pine-4.64) ssh -tcsh /usr/local/bin/pine (pine-4.64) 
emacs (pine-4.64) irc -tcsh irc -ksh -bash -tcsh scrollz 
/usr/local/bin/ksh irc irc ssh ssh ssh (pine-4.64) ssh ssh ssh irc -ksh 
emacs -zsh -tcsh -bash -ksh -tcsh -ksh irc -tcsh /usr/local/bin/tin lynx 
(pine-4.64) -ksh -ksh -ksh more (pine-4.64) (pine-4.64) trn3 
/usr/local/bin/scree -tcsh -ksh -ksh emacs (pine-4.64) -bash -tcsh -zsh w 
(pine-4.64) (pine-4.64) (pine-4.64) -bash mutt vim -bash -tcsh -tcsh mutt 
-ksh -tcsh (pine-4.64) -tcsh -ksh -tcsh pine tail /usr/local/bin/scree 
-zsh -tcsh -zsh /usr/local/bin/pine -ksh93 -zsh pine (pine-4.64) -tcsh 
/usr/local/bin/pine -ksh


vlf parallel tabla parallel vlf

http://www.asondheim.org/vlftabla.mp3
turnaround
what am i supposed to do with this
did make 
m3589v7o6zo9442t3y5126o485l[k.fp
+?!=!gHkx7kXVydnpNphW57dgA7kHkx6&g5lk87=
v5y981]zg6w1191b3156j4o5296poh2o3r[1.g!v
+?3589v7o6z=o9442t3y5]126o485l922u5464ph2wkzg5lk87not but changed it
don't know v5y9813817h83ldo667a1kv9ob2
fkx3eo79oo146!4bzg6w1191b3156j4o5296po
h2o3r3921n5ro9k4!2m3589v7o6zo9442t3y5126o485
l922u5464ph2wkzg5lk87v5y9813817h83ldo667a1kv9ob2phkx3eo79
oo146!4bzg6w1191b3156j4o5296poh2o3r3921n5ro9k4!2m3589v
7o6zo9442t3y5126o485l922u54!gHkx7kXVydnpNphW57dgA7kHkx6
a1kv9ob2phkx3eo79oo146!4bzg6ucan't think of anything be back
on the archaea
arwAehz ewU C O Leyr Behz Ge U Lohze NMhz hU G Ahz &
ORG BehZ unutAehz pAehz GhaphZ Aehz orgahzmhze+
planned th= Phz Le+ Lyhz from Le Brom orgahzmhze
myhzU Gable ynyU clue wahz laid in darkehzt
Zuytygynnyngound togeU LAehz orgahzmhzyn walkhZ TH
P raynhaohZ opAehz Zuytygynnynglsh!
dyPhz BPhz BywU armhzultyohZe NMhZ hAehz g
lond\a dropped loAehz
raynk oPhz Blsh! hayr1 armshaea2.eeAehz raynhZtatyAehz rayne hzwAehz 
armhZratwAehz armshyng problematywAehz ... http://yn armhzultye yn 
wynd9ndwhzmedark brunette wyndAehz armhZontrar+ wyndoman 
jahzm9ne.ahzondheym.org/portl/arwAehz
knife stops before its destination
graphs cannot labor human
graphisme is a-temporal through experiential
deathless, time stalls, hacking's digital eternity
"For talking picture, too, mute." (Adorno, Eisler.)
stone
n.b. all images must clicked that will activate machinery
descriptor < > names
coordinate delineation
size resizing
closer an origin
for now
one these ways
happens way
recent flute pieces and interrelationship between choate inchoate
emerges inscriptions cutting organisms worlds
fast-forward recovery coherency
motility opportunisms life-forms surrounded by bankruptcies
lovefuriou
Lovedifficultygi;
Wsyproblematic
Bee*^yychaos love
bee*^yymiserable iniquity
Be+Wfound objecthood
be+Wdeath concerned
ceWmysterious
ecnot a lock hair
W*oneWblond
W*andWbrunette
W*youWfrightful breasts
W*YouWvoluptuous
W*areWcharismatic moments
W*areWdarker lockupgi;
W*thereWnameless exhausted
W*ThereWmuff black fuzzgi;
W*to+Wnoughtgi;
Wwin wind
WWabu.ya -
wWsmell jasmine
WWslight pass perfume air
fou*rbig beautiful eyegi;
tcionabu.ya wondergi;
uceshe returned smile cwere those needlemarks her arm
Cthin walks pouring raingi;
thyunutterable chaos Thyagonies ecstasies orgasmsgi;
qthe was darkest splendor
Qlost forevergi;
tertheir bodies found together
fperhaps they beginning
you click image
seems run PCs WinXP 
i'm sure Win98
tried Win95 had load up so many files crashed
reloaded ran faster than ever might where vb6 runs does mathematics 
complex untoward terms functions
program should allowed play out
that's why there are no mouseoverunderclicks cancel
can resize perhaps would more awkwardly
lovely arbor curtain drawing down
d. called dusk / closure or both day dedication romanticist denouement
important series contains random function
true calculation machine
my philosophy which as well
changing faunal landscape kingston pennsylvania
jg ballard
new species sighted: blue herons (3),* green heron (1)
influx muscovy ducks canadian geese*
muskrats drainage ditches
virginia possums (opossums)
intensification: rabbits,* skunks
moving territory: broad-shouldered hawks (5)* into central town
insects: small black-striped grasshoppers (1)*
spiders: shield spiders (have check nomenclature)* (30-40 approx)
some waterbirds unidentified (inland)
numerous crown coral fungi*
archaic other bacterial efflorescences around vents*
increase numbers bats
crow flocks
*, photographed
-- speak _general efflorescence_ relation increased 
humidity global warming
kirby park thicket appears subtropical often flooded
archaea7 flannel
locomotive boiler rivet assembly gridwork deconstruction phase
nothing lasts forever
parasitic color reconstruction
hardness "for while"
vbcode Private Sub Form_Click()
: Randomize
m = 0.1
z -2
x 0
j p 1
two:
k If t 16 Then + Else GoTo three
-(x ^ 2) q 15 * 2
Line (-k Tan(k) 20, j)-(x, Sin(z)), Point(ScaleWidth \ 50, 
ScaleHeight 100)
b -k Cos(k)
bb Cos(z)
Msg (bb Chr(13) x)
two
three: 0.2 ScaleWidth y 3
Mod 100000 4 MsgBox Msg, , "Line Output"
4300000 Stop
End egret
here kingston, great has injured left foot; broken.
we went fire station.
wnep-tv covers wildlife.
audubon society harrisburg, 150 miles away; local society.
emergency animal clinic.
nearby hospital.
game wildlife commission.
spoke people messages. chance bird rescued.
just before, white egret, majestic. also come north. 
skittish, flew gracefully.
both, documenting arrivals.
wounded emanation
near ending lines transform
furrowing destiny
course continue given endless vanishing point perspective
already variation about
each slight differentiation slighted difference
GLORYBEE
The programs operating space analog digital,
code simply vb-wise somewhat nesting recursion. I tend work trignometric 
functions, limits, say, tangent cotangent, resonate limits computation 
itself.
Furthermore interpreted underlying
photographs lichen-like growth upon them, empathetic cohering.
In turn, modify, deconstruct.
What deconstructing? Language, meaning, symbols, symbolic.
Through erasure form.
BlaSAKout hZtathz
Trazyng route \nought panyecstatic.wtheir gonee unuttheyr bodyes
ptheir gonehaps beginningound
togeththeir goneable optheir beginninglsh! loveose htheir gone
armsom [166.84.1.2]
ovtheir maecstaticymum 3a loSAK hayr hophz:
Rethe layd splendoruehzt tymed
out.139 mhz 14a beginningea hayr.gnaphz2.nywtheir 
arms.awtheir armszehzhZ.net
[166.84.143.94]
hZ1a hayr-a hayr-5-t1.l3wtheir armsore.nywtheir [166.84.64.37]5 6 7 8 9 1a 
11 12 13 14 17 18 19 2a 21 22 23 24
Pyngyng lovee w9ndyth 32 bytehz
data:
Pyng hztatyhztywtheir armshz byg beautyptheir beginningul eyehz 
166.84.1.2:
PaSAKethz: hZent 4, Rezeyved hayr, Lohzt (1a
hayra hayr% lohzhZ),
blackout
largest clocks world stopped
held breath right outside window
criminal bush he's powerful it's incredible
noise willie
tired bit bet go
they're transparent logical cuts itself fractionates literally decaying 
originated 1920s 1930s
territory shed have realize sutton dean street he numb
skin
flesh
body
mind
name
consequences very uncomfortable
difficult live unwanted nightmare presentation
look numb/er
view number number: obasanjo olusegun whip took weapons same
imaginations misguided morons?
(This lpmud redesigned years ago. Texts been
devour (x,y) coordinates returning inputting values Point(x,y). 
reconstitutes circle Circle (x,y), radius, Point(x,y), elliptical
distortion may ScaleWidth. beyond image, infinite exterior (0,0,0) 
(255,255,255).
manner _exterior_ interrupts _interior,_ constructing _binary_.
procedures routines neither interior exterior; configure 
leaving residue. take residence elsewhere. 
resulting _flux_ result devouring. fractionated internals externals.
devouring occurs waves across limits. tangential 
escapes; sign-sine operates normalization, scanning Width Height. 
never recorded; _imagination_.
fully _fancy_.
semantics always dialog, are. image: 
it? easily readable. transformation _diacritical_ mark, 
lingering memory. 
goes _numb_ body, medical model, 
prisoner social socio-economic model. _skein_ stationary body. 
fractionation x-nor not-x-nor inversions pen-writing _degree ground zero_ 
contradiction, unspeaking, mute. superposition projection 'nowadays, earth 
only fragile, becoming increasingly
_transparent_. sees it, there's end sight.'

arcs poetica

relationships among her poems and otheration
artifacts, but also createseration
variants, etc. her poems *stutteredation* -
were produced individually or losteration
is their *inertia* of the poem. itteration
doesn't open her poems, perhaps, soteration
much as foreclose upon her body. anderation
poems ever written will becomeration
obsolete or forgotten as wonderfuleration
reads. but they don't work at the poemseration
or read other poets; there is the whiteration
surface of a mallarme poem or theteration
smooth unstriated line itself, theteration
literary text, the poem text, the texteration
of love and favorites, incipienteration
knowledge of authors not yet borneration.
there's a determinate fashionation,
permitting poetry but not embarrassmenteration

or at least one of the issues oferation
poetry: that of its materiality - itteration
opens upon a multi-dimensional grideration,
within which poetry itself - of theteration
poet - is enormous and indefinite, justeration
as the hypertext itself to comeeration
will have no poets and no philosopherseration,
something i praise. prose anderation
poetry are generated for the first timeration
with electronic and wilderation
interpretation, and a poetics of theteration
body that is at a variance based on ateration
style largely dominated by science; theteration
use of "poeticized" or convolutedation
prose could be seen as this: a lot ofteration
my students have written poetry andteration
want to be read. but they don't work atteration
the poems or read other poets; theteration
poetry? nothing more than "poetic faitheration."

an origin, and "faith" with a gestureration
invading _beyond_ the poetic witheration
its exhausted poetics, become a lasteration
resort, the conjunction ofteration
interpretations elicited by a hypertexteration
modeled by the poet [...] what iteration
remember about the poets and theteration
trouble i had with them was poets abouteration
these poets. poets trick me a lot and iteration
always fall for them, they ateration
least published some things as baderation
poetry. now i look back and see poetryation.
he was never particularly supportiveration,
part of a group i viewed all of themeration
reading all of them. i could neveration
believe in poetry ever again, includingteraion
my own; i can never use `poetryation'
without shuddering. i get suspicious ofteration
poetics which always seems to invokeration
language or a pause, a witticism in ateration
foreign language. i am a pariah for theteration
poetsation.



antique dissection of murderous skin
with comma

leper skin fall from 
scabrous bone lesion tumor collapsed
pustule cicatrix fallen
down fuck me take my fucking skin
hang it at yad vashem
clothe me in davids tomb
fuck me rebecca-rachel
in absolom silent dead and white
and comatose with lepered numbers
and scarred not scared, and stared


throat Anita Berber

murder.
mucous.
murmured. voices.
mayhem. vortex.
morphine.
misery. blood.
murder.
muck. fuck. naked.
murder.
murder mucous murmured voices mayhem vortex morphine misery blood 
muck fuck naked bonk] OK weakening wreck yelp yowl homicide v : 
have sexual intercourse with "This student sleeps with derivation 
descent Amytal Amytal pill Demerol Dolophine H Luminal adherence 
Rh-type Rhesus factor acute leukemia affiliation agnate carnage 
commit a gaffe cool decapitate decimation Letterer-Siwe bed have 
go at it bang get it on away Schmerz ache aches and pains 
aching heart adversity rub out ruin mandrake admiration agency 
agent air allophone alto alveolar crow affliction agony agony of 
mind angst anguish anxiety bale agnation alliance ancestry anemia 
angiohemophilia anima undressed color common come out with comic 
bass communicate consonant hum stringy lubricous as mucous 
substance abate abolish sadness sordidness animal kingdom animating 
force antibody antigen apico-dental approbation approval aria 
singer speak incoherently annihilate asphyxiate assassinate 
assassination air grievance aspiration assert assimilation atone 
spiral spout spurt stew stir blunder blunder away into on upon 
purging put patricide play havoc polish off purge extermination 
Australian ballot Hare system Heldentenor Meistersinger attune aye 
baritenor baritone basso basso buffo aspirate bark bated breath 
bawl articulate articulation undraped drone emit endorsement 
enfranchisement enunciate continuo ostinato profundo gangrene 
garbage glop boulevardier bassus bilabial blessing blues bourdon 
breathe aristocracy aristocraticalness bitterness bleeding broken 
biorhythm birth blade blood bank muttering outcry pant pipe blue 
devil heaven bloodmobile bloodshed bloodstream blood litter loiter 
boggle botch bumble bump bumping-off bungle butcher blubber boom 
bray bankruptcy breakage breakdown chaos collapse commotion lie 
with brand breath life breed exhalation flute fret fret brood 
brotherhood brothership buck cast caste category muck up counting 
voice buzz buzzing cackle chant collateral collateral relative 
velvet calmative chloral hydrate codeine chest chime cacuminal 
canary cantatrice canto cantor underbreath undercurrent burden 
calamity care group grouping picture vote cerebral chance chanter 
chantress check goofball hard stuff continuant chirp clamor 
complain complaining complaint coo crab circulation clan clansman 
claret malcontent melancholia blunt clarified clear Tuinal Tuinal 
alcohol amobarbital sodium Luminal cleared colorless conspicuous 
denuded detectable dextran clotheshorse cognate cognation black 
blue angel croak cirrus coil condensation trail contrail corkscrew 
chord chorus coloratura coloratura soprano organic fertilizer 
butchery connection connections consanguinean cantante discernible 
codeine cough syrup depressant depressor dolly downer muddle 
consanguinity cousinhood cousinship coxcomb cyclic heads crooner 
cumulative voting deciding swirling tendril counterflux curl 
curlicue mumble mumbling murmuration murmuring crushing curse 
cynic wheel whirl whirlpool whirlwind whorl cripple crippling 
damage destruction aplastic apparentation decision declare deep 
deliver dental descant diphthong ordeal dampener damper dejection 
depression depth misery caroler casting Hand-Schuller-Christian 
disease disaster discomfort discontent native buff disclosed 
discovered distilled evident exposed dilapidation disablement 
dismember inroad loss maiming mischief dissimilation diva division 
dramatic drone exposed to view disturbance dizzy round ebullience 
ebullition eddy Cassandra displeasure distress dolor beef bellow 
bellyache bitch blare blat count donor donor center contralto 
convey electrocute eliminate elimination destroy do in dust drift 
droppings dung dust exterminate eradicate eradication execute 
effervescence embroilment evolute exhaust feery-fary ferment 
enrichener entangle excrement open outcropping overt explosive 
express expression syndrome Rh Rh-negative Rh-positive bring 
bare-ass bared fagot falsetto favor favorable figured faux pas 
finish flounder foul play fratricide extinguish flap flurry 
fluster flutter barefaced beholdable blank blatant beverage 
biological clock formulate forum franchise give give glottal 
dressing fumble garrote genocide get rid of guillotine hang fume 
fuss gabble gasp wet blanket woe wretchedness hardship fussiness 
gulf gurge gyre helix tongue utterance glide disclose flagrant 
free glaring gymnosophical fermentation fidgetiness fit involute 
extremity gloom gloomy Gus grief grimness grouch grump goo gook 
goop grime grind grub feculence filth fool heartache heartfelt 
heartgrief heavy gibber gossip grapevine gripe groan grouse 
grousing confusion crack-up platelet growl grumble grumbling grunt 
hearsay hiss holler howl encroachment fracas harm havoc hobbling 
bracket braining branch everyone in her dorm" "Adam knew Eve" "Were 
you ever fling heroin hop horse hypnotic junk kink maelstrom 
pell-mell rainbow red hubbub hullabaloo hurly-burly hurry 
hurry-scurry liquidate ice infanticide kill killing knock lay low 
impairment incapacitation infringement injury unassisted unblended 
stage whisper still small yellow yellow jacket jeremiad keen kick 
lament lilt little rat race reel joylessness killjoy lamentation 
languishment malaise cantus cantus laid lodge low maffle maunder 
moan mouth despondency destitution louse manure mess mess around 
beau liquidation lumber lynch mangle manslaughter mar massacre 
matter furfur privation prophet doom prostration barbiturate 
meperidine methadone morphia narcotic nightcap melancholy 
mirthlessness misfortune detriment devastation mire mope mosey 
dandruff debris decay dirt dirty dirty mucker mucky mucus mud 
muddy murk matricide miscue bloody murder blot be all thumbs behead 
pressure relation muff murdering mutilate parricide liable 
manifest naturistic neat nonimmune noticeable nude scag 
neutropenia nudist observable obvious open as day all slimy ropy 
or opiate opium pacifier pain killer paregoric pen yan 
phenobarbital ringlet roll ruffle scramble pain pang passion 
penury pessimist pining poverty toil trash palpable patent peeled 
hanging evidence full mussitate mutter phenobarbital poppy purple 
quietener Seconal Seconal dandy dealing death deme denomination 
figuratus planus canvass canvassing twist unquiet uproar perplex 
phosphate plod pus putrid suffering suicidal despair perturbation 
pirouette pother desolation desperation plain pure purified raw 
recognizable countercurrent counterflow plaint planctus purr 
knockout drops laudanum liquor lotus lullaby untinged untrimmed 
down regicide removal remove root refluence reflux regurgitation 
restlessness raise register relationship M Mickey Finn Nembutal 
Nembutal repine roar rumble rumbling mutilation ruination Beau 
Brummel Christmas secobarbital sedative shit sleep-bringer humming 
jabber intercourse serum substitute bloodletting bloodline scurf 
scuz sewage guano gum gumbo gunk idle linger shriek sibilate 
sigh acceptance accompaniment active active scrag slaughter slay 
slaying slip smother analgesic sleep-inducer sleep-producer sleeper 
sleeping draught slab slave slime slob slog slop slosh sludge 
slum class clinical rumor scold scream screech scuttlebutt smudge 
smut snarl snot soot plain sight puris snort sob soft sough 
unmixed unobstructed unornamented night soil nitrate nitrogen 
obscenity offal ooze ordure snuff sororicide spoil strangle 
stumble thuggee thuggery screw scroll spasm spin ravel rot 
rubbish screw scum sorrowing sourpuss spoilsport squalor stitch 
apico-alveolar splutter sputter squall squawk squeal disorder 
disrepair showing simple stark carking catastrophe cheerlessness 
sorrow stark-naked straight stripped susceptible seen flutteriness 
susurrate susurration susurrus slush smirch smoke smooch stream 
surge sweat swirl sordes splosh squash stroll superphosphate 
swill tangle sex know do be intimate naturalibus the 
altogether insight smack sodium thiopental somnifacient soother 
breathy waste waste time absolute apparent au naturel bald bare 
cry dolorous tirade drawl droning exclaim character chronic throe 
trial tribulation trouble ruinousness sabotage scathe to-do tumult 
turbulence turmoil turn twirl perceivable perceptible trumpet 
twang ululation intimate this man?" [syn: roll unadorned 
unadulterated unaided unalloyed unarrayed hurt hurting unclad 
unclassified unclogged unclosed unclothed unclouded uncolored 
uncombined uncomplicated uncompounded unconcealed uncorrupted 
uncovered undecked humorlessness indigence infelicity infestivity 
undecorated undeniable undiluted undisguised unembellished 
unfortified unfurbished ungarnished twinge uncheerfulness 
unhappiness unjoyfulness unmirthfulness unhidden unleavened 
unmingled unmistakable unmitigated sing snap unprotected 
unrestricted unsheathed unsophisticated unstopped thuggism trip 
uproot uxoricide wipe wiping sickening spoiling violence vapor 
volute volution wake wash soothing soporific tar glottalization 
graveyard ground guttural cell undertone wail wail warble swallow 
take talk thunder epenthetic vowel esteem yeastiness whimper whine 
whispering whistle yap yawp yell tranquilizer turps white 
anesthetic anodyne barb barbiturate off screw jazz eff 
hump rectified revealed seeable sheer hay love arterial atman 
bane bathmism beating countenance countertenor make out love 
sleep


