
--



Damned Annoying (poorly written but my notebook computer is down again)


Higher Superstition, The Academic Left and Its Quarrels with Science, by
Gross and Levitt, is somewhat disorganized, poorly written, and often
annoying or besides the point, but it does convey the depths of an anti-
science attitude among writers and theorists I respect; it also has ref-
lected some of my own convictions, that Lyotard and others who seize on
misinterpretations of Feyerabend, Kuhn, chaos/catastrophe/complexity
theory deeply misunderstand physics and mathematics. Too often, these
areas are considered relative, phallocentric, ideologically-constructed; 
I have thought instead that there is a core-theoretical structure to the
real - how could there not be? - characterized by conservation laws, and
an uneasy relationship between abstract and physical entities at a very
basic level. 

Science, practiced by anyone of any gender and race, operates in an atmo-
sphere of experimentation, and well-definition; experiments tend to hold
some variables constant and see what happens with the rest. The establish-
ment of good experiments has led for example to very basic discoveries
challenging notions of entity, chirality, mass, and time (electron-slit,
K-meson, special relativity tests), all of which have profound repercus-
sions on philosophy. But the theories at work here, while they come out of
ideologically-oriented research programs and funding, are surprisingly
value-neutral and yet in "touch" with something very fundamental to the
organization of the universe. 

Too often science is seen as equivalent - or identical - to big business,
the military-industrial complex, etc., in spite of the fact that the
budget for pure science has been repeatedly slashed in the past twenty or
so years. Too often variables and parameters are treated to soft metaphor
where they don't hold; too often theorists don't do their math homework. 
Even with Lacan and his topology and pseudo-equations - they're quoted
over and over again as if they contain some depth encapsulated in hard
logic. (Piaget _did_ understand at least some developments of naive set
theory, to which he contributed (influenced by Venn and Klein) but that's
another story.)

Aetiology, therapeutic, symptomology, are also problematic; what can one
make of the theoretic hyperbole surrounding schizophrenia? I have known
schizophrenics intimately, and in every case I'm familiar with, it is not
a situation of liberation, but of coping with the simplest body and social
functions...

The point isn't to avoid psychiatric/psychoanalytic/scientific (and these
are not equivalent obviously) domains, but to comprehend them. And that's
a rarity - so many art students come out of nowhere (usually a one-year or
one semester course) quoting Lacan - as opposed to someone who has gone
through Lacanian analysis and studied the material for years. 

Which is not also to avoid confronting this material, but to recognize
one's limits and acknowledge them. (Fractal dimension, and the notion of
dimension in general, annoy me in particular; these subjects are diffi-
cult and technical and problematic in terms of "ordinary" naive dimension,
yet fractals are used over and over again in the arts as if they grounded 
a work or text in an ultimate (and ultimately misunderstood) truth. And 
this isn't to say, avoid the designs - I'm not criticizing artists using 
programs like fractint at all - but if you're going to use them in a more 
philosophical or analytical way - learn more than a few equations.)

Finally, I get tired of Net theorists who haven't been on MOOs and MUDs,
who haven't been on-line, who have understood the slightest bit about
packet-switching, who don't know that third-person talker sex is different
from first-person talk sex, etc. etc. I get sick of arguing with people
who talk about what an escape the Net is, how everyone switches genders,
etc. Ignorance doesn't stop theory, however, which goes on and on and
on... 

Yeah, carpe diem, but learn the mechanisms of _light_ as well. (Or a bit 
of Latin.)


