

--


In the year 2020, we are all at work.


Today no surprise in the New York Times "Apparel and department stores did
poorly, but luxury stores showed gains," this in an article devoted to the
relatively poor 11/95 retail season. 

But in the year 2020, in the month 11/95, we will all be at work with
perfect vision, creating the perfect _object_ for the last wealthy man on
earth, the man against whom all others are measured, the revenge of this
white white man in the disparity/exponential widening of the gap between
the rich and the poor, who would believe that this would come down to a
class of one, what intensification of _product_ down to filigree at the
molecular level resulting in this _device_ or _ornament_ which those of us
who are still employed, are creating? 

Just as a battleship or stealth bomber is clearly worth several times over
the entire cultural surplus of the United States national endowments in
the 1990s, so in the year 2020, this amazing _thing_ is the culmination of
all labor and objectification remaining beyond the military which lives as
crumbs at the feet of the great man who has one woman, many woman, behind
him: behind every great man there are women, and beyond the women other
women and other men, children, even pets and animals, all the surplus
flora and fauna of the earth and then some... 

Oh we are so emboldened to create this amazing and never-ending nameless
something for this great man who gives us food to eat and beer to drink
sometimes even private brewery stock, we are beholdened to him for employ-
ment beyond any reasonable doubt, oh such a sad sad man who must marry
beneath him, but this sublime _gift_ will make all the difference in the
world, in fact _is_ all the difference in the world!

Now I could tell you about the deaths, but you are no longer alive. Now I
could tell you about the medicines, but they too have exhausted themselves
in the great-man-biotech-nanotech industrialtheory necessary to keep our
great man alive, because with him, without difference, the undifferentia-
ted same returns to absorb us and we shall all die in shit vomit entrails
shortly thereafter the return, after forgetting the erection of this
difference which does us justice, in fact is no longer law but justice
himself. In the face of the man what was once in the arms of the woman.
Babies grow and fall from the face. Eyes puff out with miniature arms and
legs. Eyes see within eyes. An asshole emerges from the mouth. 

We all know the same story the identical story, and there is no reason 
therefore for the telling of it. But we have nothing else to repeat but 
this story so this is the telling. We assign dates but this is November 
2020  S  M Tu  W Th  F  S   (the cruelest month)
      1  2  3  4  5  6  7   (the cruelest month)
      8  9 10 11 12 13 14   (the cruelest month)
     15 16 17 18 19 20 21   (the cruelest month)
     22 23 24 25 26 27 28   (the cruelest month)
     29 30  but this is November 2020 and next month will be December and
then it will be holidays until December and then it will be holidays. We
will work and we will work until then, on the amazing _entity_ we are
carefully constructing for the great man and then we will present it to
him, carefully, and there will be no more work to do, so of course we are
working slowly and we know all the "ramifications," that is, we know all
the ins and outs of this business, which is our only business to be sure. 

We have drawn our own conclusions for usyou.

(The _singular object_ we are building is the SO, the special SO. The _sin-
gular man_ is the SM. SM requires SO, SO > SM, and the SM brings usyou 
within his nurturing breast, and SOs are always built are they not. This 
is ouryour conclusion or conclusions and we have read the signs, although 
this reading is no longer necessary nor even desirable. Etc. Etc. And so 
forth. For usyou.)

Weyou


--


Desert Saga


Because the ship went down Clara and Alex were stranded on a desert
island, this is the dream, and Alex was a religious fundamentalist who
believed in Satan and Clara was a Jew who believed in little. And then
there would be the unfolding of this story, Alex circling Clara which
would be a form of inscribing Clara, the two of them friends at first
working towards a common cause escape. 

Then Clara and Alex and the Devil because Alex thinks Clara might be the
Devil and the more Alex thinks this the more Clara gets scared the dream
continues. Then Alex prays a lot and leaves Clara choosing to pray with
Alex or not to pray because not to pray is to be of the party of the
Devil. But mostly the dream had Alex's eyes in it at this point. 

Then Clara prays, she mumbles words she thanks God, she doesn't under-
stand why God wants everyone thanking Her all the time and then she thinks
oh, It's a He. Then she prays and prays again and it's a lot of mumbling
in the dream at this point, ululation or glossolalia and Alex is satisfied
for a while and of course God doesn't seem to care one way or another,
sometimes there are rainbows and sometimes there aren't, as usual. 

But there are Alex's eyes, because he's not sure that Clara isn't praying 
just because she's Devil and she doesn't want Alex to know that because 
she's always tempting him, he's reading her eyes as well and that reading 
can only go one way, because of the Devil who confines all reading to the 
making of sex.

Clara's getting more and more frightened because if Alex really believes
she's Devil there's only one thing he can do and that is to kill her
because the only good act you can do on an island is kill the bad on it,
and it's so clear what the bad is. So religion's frightened into her and
she prays more and more in relation to Alex and Alex actually prays less
because he knows he's saved because he knows the truth and is just not
sure about Clara who's subject to an experiment, because of Alex, because 
he's the stronger.

And the dream rolls out the carpet which keeps hurtling the stairs where
the praying is, because there's no finish, it's the fear of not praying
and the fear of all those words taking over, hammering in their referents,
sickles and thunder and crosses and stars in the sky, tears and meteors in
the night. But she's afraid of the descending screaming, the look turned 
darker in Alex's eyes, belief soaking the island in her blood, so she's 
got no choice, the air turns to fog. 

So I'd wake from the dream, but it wasn't dreaming at all, but thinking 
about violent belief and its carrying the heavy burden of the other who 
has to do right at all costs under the fist of the oppressor. So I walk 
down the street and close my eyes for a split second and there's the fist.

The fist is there, descending.


