

--



Where the Net might be said to be in a poorly-worded post:

Or why QuickTime virtual reality is neither virtual nor reality:



The Web is increasingly becoming the center of media hype in relation to
the Net; "surfing," a poor metaphor, is taken as equivalent to being on-
line, with the possible exception of email. Email itself is seen, not in
terms of email lists, but isolated/effective letters connecting present or
future nuclear families. The off-centered image might be that of the
_hearth,_ the family speaking among themselves, reading the latest maga-
zines. (Thus Net communities are debased or found problematic, filled and 
fulfilled with net.sex and pedophiles, but the Web and email _surfaces_ 
promise familial restitution/recuperation.)

Nevertheless, the Web is awkward, bulky; chat-lines on webpages require 
full refreshing every _x_ seconds to accommodate new information; video 
and audio take up bandwidth and the former is grainier than Pixelvision; 
and home-home-pages are becoming swamped by corporate sites. While it is 
true that one can connect to _anything,_ from the opening Netscape home- 
page on, money is speaking.

And in any case, home-home or just home, community is _not_ speaking and
not-yet-spoken here; on the Web, _words are presentations,_ and text is
always already a foregone conclusion or construct, even in the most avant-
garde interactive applications. There are layers to plow through; there 
is slowness in the lines even at 28.8.

Teaching the Net through the Web is teaching-through-seduction; students
are amazed first and foremost at the possibility of information retrieval
and graphics/sound, and this amazement lasts throughout the course. The
result is a _lateral_ education, movement from site to site, always linked
to the corporate mothership of the classroom itself. (This laterality is 
reflected in magazines such as Wired and M2000, as opposed to 2600, more 
like command-line any day.)

And teaching the Net through command-line is something else again; the
prompt remains poised on the left of the screen, facing a _void_ which
requires almost from the start the projection, by the user, of framed/
considered desire in the form of commands. The black or blue-screen, the
void, can be taken as an analog for the dream-screen, against which dreams
play themselves out ("Concept introduced by B. D. Lewin; every dream is
said to be projected on to a blank screen, generally unperceived by the
dreamer, which symbolizes the mother's breast as hallucinated by the in-
fant during the sleep which follows feeding; the screen satisfies the wish
for sleep. In certain dreams (blank dreams) the screen appears by itself,
thus achieving a reg- ression to primary narcissism." The Language of Psy-
choanalysis, Laplanche /Pontalis). Desire cathects among the prompt ent-
ries/entrances, and I have found teaching through this interface actually
simpler and greater in depth than teaching, say, through Netscape. At the
prompt, one types the application or command using a reasonably simple
syntax; what results appears to be in _active engagement_ with the user. 
(Of course it is all active and all passive; it's not difficult to decon- 
struct this. But the _appearance_ produces a different phenomenology.)

It is no wonder that MOOs, MUDs, IRC, talkers, ytalk, and so forth, reside
in Unix almost as bare-bones, although there are wonderful clients to for-
malize them in Windows or on Macs, etc. The user is engaged in what I have
called elsewhere "hysteric embodiment," reading _through_ the texts of the
other participants into imaginary/uncanny embodiments reflecting her or
his introjections of the text. The texts within a MOO for example are al-
most always _engaged texts,_ activated far more than the linked hypertexts
of the Web, which are closures in their own way, completing circuitry for
the viewer in a preprogrammed and relative determinate manner. (Of course 
this will change, and is changing, through virtual reality chats, worlds, 
and the like; at the moment, we're posed only on the edge of this...)

But command-line structures (and their clients in Windows) are becoming,
interestingly enough, the interior or underbelly of the Net; it is within
them that desire becomes transgressive, _dirty,_ raw: the ascii crumbles
against the flesh itself. The command-line in fact is a _mouth_; in rela-
tion to the rest of the Net, _it_ speaks, apparently frameless, as words
fall into the void of the screen/atmosphere, as the mouth speaks against
emptiness in the physical world. It is a mode, in fact, of _listening,_
where the text is always incomplete, as opposed to the Web, where the
text, to date, is always a product/production. 

But what's fascinating about this product/production is the _illusion_ of
freedom it gives, another medium or discourse, in fact, of capital and its
promises/premises of the reign of absolute desire. The links, infinite or
not, are circulations; more and more they connect to advertising sites
(even some of the web chat pages/clients carry advertising now), to com-
modity structures - and more and more, outside the university system,
servers are charging for running web pages (Panix is 8 cents a megabyte
transmitted after a fixed amount), designers are charging for page
creation, software developers are charging for readers (Netscape won't
always be free), and a fast-fueled economy is indeed springing forth. 

So at the moment, only at the moment, the Net appears environmentally
"tripled." There are the companies like AOL, Delphi, Prodigy, Compuserve,
etc. which provide more or less full access within a protected environment
- then there are the SLIP/PPP accounts which are often used primarily for
email and Web surfing/browsing - and there are the Unix shell accounts as
well.  If the first layer resonates with family and family-values (child
lockout for example), the second resonates with the faux-radical gen-x
managerial class, and the last, with the remnants of speech, community,
and literature. This model is obviously faulty - in fact, everything in
this text is - but there is a limited truth nonetheless, which can easily
be witnessed by working through one or more classes of teaching Net access
on various systems and providers. The differences are enormous...

Do you agree or disagree? Are you seduced? Are you occuping the role of
seducer? Can community continue in the midst of corporate housing, home-
owners' associations, lockouts and lockins? Are the community realignments
which are occurring in the underbelly (net.sex, marriages from the net,
and the like) a reflection of a different social future, or are they a
leftover from the days of wryting text? And finally, how will sexual de-
sire, which is everywhere in text, ultimately restructure parts of the
Web, or will sexual desire once again deflect largely through the Web into
commodity fetishism? Is the Web, in other words, an application tending
towards the Frankfurt School concept of massification and Sartre's serial-
ity, or is there the potential for somewhat anarchic freedom within it as
well? (CuSeeMe might be a good example here - not exactly Web, but close.
Have you had CuSeeMe sex yet? Has anyone?)


