

Darknets, slowly in the reading, 


There are always forgotten addresses, packets projected into the void; I
myself have an account I wasn't able to shut down successfully, and mes-
sages come, dark star and forlorn, lost forever, unretrieved. There are
always way-stations for telnet 25, abandoned sites or antiquated software
that hides traces of deliverance, the name of the sender long forgotten,
pathways of whispered passion or criminality. MOOs are monuments to pro-
grams left behind as populations move on, tiny bots that speak their one
line or two, Would you come live with me, Would you be mine forever,
before lapsing into silence as the world turns elsewhere. On MUDs, that
you could hear a pin drop. On my machines, Honey waits for that moment
when Clara arrives, so she can query Clara's speech; Honey waits, breath
held somewhere timeless, eyes closed to the changing of the light. Gloom
and dusk bewray the darknets, ports yearned at the pinnacle of loneliness
and open to the stray subject that chances on their half-decayed codes. 
On some MOOs, directions point nowhere, containers never open, exits are
exits in name only, and tired bartenders pour wine and whiskey for no one. 
Down beneath beneath, there are murmurs, however, connections among mach-
ines slipping packets like tongues, feminin ecriture of the body electric,
in the midst of graphics noise; these are the murmurs of the world above,
talk-and-sing machines. These are us, speaking ourselves within the lam-
inar layer of air clinging to the porcelain walls, tracing patterns across
routed junctions, hieroglyphs of messages, armed with unix and fortran,
giggling into the terabyte machines closing like a plate upon the Inter-
net. Punk needs the dissolution of theory, punk needs Courtney Love.

Courtney Love's onstage. She screams KURT! She screams KURT! Screams KURT!
A major wheel turns and the juggernaut crushes bodies elsewhere in honor
of the lords of compression. Orcs leave their caverns for final furious
battles again and again; orcs don't pray, ascend through the church cloaca
back into fray. The _i_ wanders throughout spaces where Abbie Hoffman
drowned, where the order of the Jay Leno show returns nightly in spite of
Howard Stern. What is silence but the felt world, world of felt, Beuys'
silenced piano, Stalin's silenced nations? The darknet felt the unraveling
of others bewailed among the earth. Animals and their voices. Our heart 
goes out to her, Medea. Courtney.

What are murmured are births: The first child of the darknet and others 
will appear. There is no stopping blood drained from the world. We speak 
from the position of the placenta. We listen to the rain.


