



Bones/Gristle


From the position of list-administration, listservs and majordomo appear
very different. With majordomo, things ran clumsily, bad addresses could
halt the list, administration had to be done with care, there was no
digest except in the form of a separate list, and problem addresses had to
be monitored by hand. Advertising was by separate listing on independent
home-pages which were often out of date. (On Listserv there are central 
clearing-sites for advertising.)

Listserv is smoother, cleaner, requiring far less work. Listserv bounces
the error-messages to one or another list-owner; on Cybermind, this means
if there are eight bad addresses bouncing, and fifty messages a day boun-
cing from them, I can get up to 400 bounced messages in my Inbox. Most of
these are simply deleted; what's interesting is to view Cybermind and
FOP-L accompanied by continuous noise, the quantity of bad addresses far
outweighing the quantity of posts. I wait for the end of the day when the
monitoring report comes in; this is sent directly by the listserv soft-
ware, which is capable of deleting bad addresses on its own, after a
specified period of time. Last night on Cybermind, 18 addresses were being
monitored. 

Sometimes you can read the bad addresses and find out where the mistake
lies and resubscribe the participant. But even then, the bad address 
itself floats through the software for awhile. Recently again, there have
been other bad addresses which are just blanks on the monitoring report,
ghost addresses so to speak, glitches perhaps, which register as users
without identity whatsoever.

Beyond the noise there is the list header which can be variously confi-
gured to create greater or lesser degrees of security, as well as the
overall formal feel of the list itself. This is as close as I have gotten
to the depths of listserv; on majordomo, it was possible to see the
complete surface workings/readable files of the program which ran in Unix.
Majordomo seemed to constantly need patching and alterations; listserv,
even given the header, is all surface, mail and noise skittering about in
unequal proportions. (Of course I am speaking as a list administrator on 
listserv, not someone writing filters and configuring behind the scenes.)

Sherry Turkle's book forges almost from the beginning a split between 
MACs and PCs, claiming the former for postmodernism's skimming/simulacra,
and the latter for modernism's calculations/bare-to-the-bones. The same
could be said about majordomo (PC) and listserv (MAC), but I don't think
that the analogy holds up very well; one could just as easily consider
the MAC an analog of the totalized subject (everything equally available
and interconnected on a single interface), and the PC an analog of the 
fragmented "self" (everything breaking down into parts of a holarchy on
various levels which may or may not communicate). What the PC does pre-
sent is a form of occluded transparency all the way up (Windows 95) and
down (debug command in DOS), an increased thickening as the hardware is
approached, but never realized, from the screen. To reach the hardware,
you jump elsewhere, back to large-scale components (I'll install my CD-
ROM drive, etc.), and only, rarely, jumpers on the level of circuitry.
(To reach the hardware, you @open the non-virtual @container.)

As I've pointed out elsewhere, in any case, there is information all
across and among the components, information all the way down, and as a
result, there is no origin; the computer harbors deconstruction as a
primary (deconstructed!) ontology. There are texts and there are other
texts, and the epistemological urge is based on who is capable of read-
ing what; I can't make sense of pure binary addresses and data at this
point, for example but some friends can. The epistemology of the interior
is cryptic, but not too much so; it's encoded, and breaking/reading the
codes also carries information for the hacker, up and down the layers. 

What the error messages, bounces, on listserv, do for me (besides create a
mess on my account), is indicate internal corruptions, cancers, insofar as
a cleansed and pure switching network passes information without fail.
They're messages upwelling from one or another layer of TCP/IP, messages
which never arrive at their destination, and may never have a destination
in mind.* So the skin, the surface, is scratched, scraped raw, but just a
little, exposing some of the tissue beneath. 

--

*And who _are_ messages destined for? For whom does one write on an email
list? Is it oneself, several, many, he or she at a predestined end, the
others serving as a sheath of anonymity or publicity? It is often easier
to expose oneself, one's own gristle so to speak, to the social, than to
the _ecriture_ of Unixtalk, with its uneasy aura of mouths and ears all
too close to one another, all to @physical and _real._

In any case, _your_ post may return to me as part and parcel of noise, as
cauterized, the tail to series of error statements, confirmations, even
SMTP (simple mail transfer protocol) conversations among the machines. As
such, your desperate confession, happy anecdote, considered theoretical
position, informal comment, is only the catalyst or occasion for the un-
rewarded return. Even this text, for example, already self-reflexive, 
will return to me, perhaps over and over again, in the midst of the pre-
sence and denial of the Other.**

**And who _are_ Others here, those for whom the messages are destined, 
those who never receive messages at all, those whose sites, servers,
accounts, access generate errors, those who are not on-line nor ever have
been, or those for whom one writes in the midst of the other Others?***

***And who_are_ the other Others, if those not constituted by differing
ontologies, on-line/off-line, or as we have said, constituted by decon-
struction all the way up and down, as well as across plateaus? Are we in
the guise of a return to the primacy of information, memetic/DNA drifting
as the cybernetic engines constituting the totality of the world?****

****And if we are back in mechanism (albeit on a different level than 
the merely mechanistic), then what of _destinations_? Or are these only
signifiers in excess, noise harbored against death and quiescence?*****

*****And have we drifted enough?


