
				floor
--


Technical Notes


In teaching the Net, I differentiate among three types of access: Unix 
shell, PPP/SLIP, and GUI/BBS such as AOL, Delphi, and so forth. I find it 
easiest to teach on the shell; even though it seems the most complex on 
the surface, it shows immediately what telnet, ftp, etc. _do._ Command 
lines are clearer than the dispersion of telnet (say) among chat/MOO 
clients, Netscape helpers, etc. 

Graphics come in a variety of forms, from downloaded to different readers'
capabilities. The same of course holds true for audio and video, and as
I've pointed out, there are no standards. What is most difficult, though,
for students, is getting an account configured in the first place - almost
nothing except for the GUI/BBS can be taken for granted. I would love a
Windows95 app - NOT for MSN - that would contain a suite of helpers on top
of a browser like Netscape, plus a completely-configured winsock. On star-
tup, an ISP would simply send a series of strings numbered, say, a, b, c,
d, ..., and these would be entered on a title card. Beyond the card, there
would be a series of semi-hidden popup/setup menus which could be used for
everything from graphics standards to new helpers to tuning TCP/IP much
like trumpet winsock. But these menus would _not_ be necessary; everything
could be done immediately from the title card. 

Right now, even Netscape in a Box can be difficult to install over, say, 
Windows 95. Why can't a computer be more like a Mac than a Mac? So that 
it would be, so to speak, television-ready (no one sets the vertical or 
horizontal holds by hand anymore).

(Because of the difficulties of installation, it also becomes hard to
teach the Net itself, which gets "tangled" in its representations. Take
ftp - which is a double telnet of sorts, one line for command, and the
other for file send/receive. This is obscure at the command-line, some-
what simplified in Lynx, very easy in Netscape; different interfaces have
different instructions and ways of downloading. Utilities get dispersed,
in other words, among programs. Programs become frameworks and modifiers
of utilities. I find point-and-click obviously the easiest, but not nearly
as configurable as, say, Pine or Elm. In any case, all of these terms are
becoming confused: server, provider, service, client, utility, tool,
program, script, software, application, representation, GUI, browser, 
function, command - they all overlap in one or another form.)


----

Recently, I've had a Compaq Aero 25 completely give out - first the moth-
erboard, and second the hard-drive. It was sold to me as new, but turned 
out to be refurbished; there may be a lawsuit here. If you have a Compaq, 
you can recognize "refurbish" by an R in front of the serial number. I've 
have difficulties getting Compaq tech and customer support on the phone - 
big surprise - but the internal diagnostics (which read "1702-06 FATAL 
READ ERROR on the hard-drive) are excellent. I'm trying to get the unit 
completely replaced at this point; it's under a one-year warranty and has 
been in the shop three times in the past two weeks (it's there now).

----

Finally, there's a real need for another product - a dumb portable term- 
inal. This would cost $300 maximum and would include a 14.4 modem and 
communications software, 2 megabytes flash memory (enough to store close 
to 1000 pages of text), 4 megabytes RAM. It probably would not include 
Netscape or a similar browser, but if it did, it would be in ROM and 
configured. The terminal would be used almost entirely for work on the 
road; like the HP 200LX etc. it would have DOS 5.0 at least built into 
it. (It would need a version of Netscape of course that would run without 
Windows.)

An inexpensive terminal, by the way, would have a number of uses - not 
only for travel, but also for home use, for people who couldn't afford a 
full computer. So there would be a printer port as well; this could also 
be used for a link to a larger desktop machine.

The idea of such a terminal relates to Victor Papanek's Design for the 
Real world - what is also called available technology, what I'd call 
technology povera, or bricolage - making-do. The Net can't really broaden 
its base unless it becomes driven by pressures other than increased 
bandwidth - there needs to be inexpensive hardware as well. What about a 
solar-driven terminal, by the way? This might be used in conjunction with 
one or two small AA alkaline batteries to drive the modem...


