
--


Desert


I want to return to the desert where vectors are sight-lines across 
territories with subtle demarcations, and I tower above the crust with 
its incipient life, strands of saguaro roots horizontally anchoring this 
second-tallest of all cacti. I want to return because the burden of the 
fist is lifted from me, because my shoulders harden in the white light of 
hallucinations and stumblings, stones traveling across crystalline sands.

Because the desert is not a space of purity and impurity, because it is 
not a space of virginity and defilement, I want to return. Because it is 
not a space of stains, effluvia, and because the body hallucinates its 
stories in the proof of strong and present heat. 

Territories are filigree, demarcations; life is a gathering and fore- 
shortening of tissues, burnished outer layers lacquered against evapo- 
ration. The fibers and wires of cyberspace are imaged into vacuum, dark 
gold gleamings interconnected against the blackness of a night-time sky. 
In the real world, the fibers and wires burrow through the debris of 
civilization, packets sent through space on occasion, radiated across 
sunlight, snowstorms, and darkness alike. But the image is there, spread
across the floor of the desert or traced like the lacework of Europa,
moon of Jupiter. Think of deep Mohave desertscrub, fragility and coher-
ence of ecosystems run on illumination, retention, and the pathways of
shamanism. Think of the protocol of the Other which interpenetrates our
own. Think of names, secret and public, think of ownership, of song.

On the Net all too often I feel the disruptions, software stutters, 
overcrowded lines, clogged backbones, bad addresses, speech which lags
behind itself. Net speech, synchronous or asynchronous, is not the 
speech of the mouth, the stream which gathers about itself; instead, it
is a tended thing, stretching time, not only that of the typing, but 
also that of the echo, as lag forestalls thought, deflects language. To
mouth something is to (in part) move the body into the interior of the
saying; to write on-line is to move into the exterior of the said. I 
write on-line and my eyes _track speech,_ another subtlety tending 
towards a re-evaluation of identity and masquerade.

In the desert, masquerade is what hallucination brings into the interior
of one, but the interior may be lifted into exaltation. My body is there-
by _different,_ speaking another language which I quickly learn, in which
I follow suit. I do not recognize myself in imminence; rather, I become
what is immanence itself. And the weight of the world, which is often the
weight of the Other, which is the weight of oneself, moves close to dis-
appearance.

From there, true, it is possible to see the thinned wires upon the ground
paralleling those behind the guided missiles in the Middle-East. The 
battlefields at times were covered with them. They carried packets of
information. But like any good wrecks, they may be absorbed and used for
other purposes.

From there, from the desert, from here.

