


Demographics, Ecologies


After Cybermind and FOP-L moved from majordomo to listserv, and after both
were advertised initially on NEW-LIST, with its subsequent dispersions,
both grew rapidly. FOP-L continues to grow; Cybermind has leveled off, at
around 350. FOP-L is at 182 last count. 

The leveling follows a pattern; as more people subscribe, if the ratio of
writers to lurkers remains the same, then the flow of email increases and
more subscribers find their inboxes swamped, leading to more unsubscrib-
ing. This is a fairly simple feedback model, creating a constancy which 
can, under certain circumstances, be subverted - for example, if the list 
is devoted to community or identifies itself as one, the plethora of mes- 
sages could be taken as a sign of cohesion. 

And a great deal depends also on the accuracy of threads, as well as the 
types of mail readers employed. If threads are rigorously followed (and 
they almost always are not), then it becomes easier to delete material 
that is not of interest, and larger lists may be tolerated. On the other 
hand, threads are often loosely tethered to one another, and a number of 
subscribers feel the necessity to at least peruse or speed-read material 
that doesn't seem directly of consequence. And subscribers may also feel 
irritated at receiving useless materials; if the category of the useless 
far outweighs that of the useful for someone, she or he will unsubscribe 
since the list begins to appear increasingly like spam or text-substance.

Usenet newsgroups have far greater reader/lurkerships, and far greater 
noise, and are often approached primarily by means of threads - as if the 
entire message base of a particular group were a body open to dissection.
While mail readers often present material organized by arrival time, 
hence modeling a _diachronic_ approach to text, Usenet readers like tin 
present material organized by thread (subject matter) - the entire _cor- 
pus_ is laid open simultaneously, and one skims backwards and forwards 
across the material. To the extent that email lists mimic temporality and 
speech, newsgroups mimic the spatial display of the body. Email lists are 
"leaky," appearing open-ended, while Usenet message bases appear of a 
totality, object-like (the alt.society.neutopian subculture of monster 
truck neutopians have an FAQ rendered as an "FAQ-like substance," if I 
remember correctly). The process and dynamic ecology of immersion charac- 
terize the phenomenology of an email list, while the evolving transfor- 
mation of states and situations, often highly objectified, are often 
evoked for Usenet. The self-reflexivity of Usenet often revolves, in 
fact, around the _framework_ of Usenet itself (alt.hackers or alt.adjec- 
tive.noun.verb.verb.verb are good examples), while email lists tend 
towards considerations of history and community _within_ the framework. 
With the email list, the archive is separated, disparate; with Usenet, it 
_appears_ as if the newsgroup were its own archive (which is not the case 
of course) - readers are constantly asking where one message or another 
has gone (re: alt.fan.tonya-harding.whack.whack.whack for a current 
example).

These differences are not hard and fast, nor do the reflect the totality 
of email lists or newsgroups (the sci. newsgroups are of a different 
character altogether). But they do reflect, I think, certain medium- 
oriented issues that need to be taken into account. And it would be of 
great interest to draw up an ecological model for an alt. Usenet group as 
well, since the threading surface involves the ability for the group 
itself to absorb a far greater number of posts. There are questions to be 
asked: Does one wait for a reply in the same manner in alt.x and an email 
list? Within email lists, spams are perceived as an impurity in an 
otherwise isolated domain; how are they perceived and handled on Usenet?

And what can both tell us, beyond the obvious platitudes of such books as
Shirky's Voices from the Net, about the nature of human community, embodi-
ment, and so forth? 

Alan

