


God, Sexing the Net


"The cinematographical character of our knowledge of things is due to the 
kaleidoscopic character of our adaptation to them." (Henri Bergson)

"I was driving avidly." (Nicole Brossard)

You will see the signs of my making in the fire streaming from the outputs
the program see the sings in the error messages from the Messiah of keys, 
holding them beyond her outstretched hand, Alan Clara ascending to the 
level of new protocols, bending, traversing the protocols, decryption at 
work among the stars the streams of ice burned etched into the screens 
themselves.

Thus. 

Thus: GOD DID THIS TO ME, GOD LIVES IN NETSCAPE: first one, then another,
there is always something new, an opening, slit in the darkness, parted
labia, the sight and smell of sound and sight, new programs for the ask-
ing, software-God coming to nest among us - there's always something new,
something different, something whirling up above, there's always some new
interface with a slider at the base, buttons implemented in a thin clean
line, colored buttons, nipples erected for the pleasure of the touch. 

Sometimes things crash all over the place, your hands move in sticky from
the act, in the midst of the software, downloaded programs, life-forms
piecewise inserted into the midst of your files of unknown names: 
ENCRYPT! ENCRYPT! 

Files interfere! Claw across one another! Bury one another, part and
parcel! Files transform into granular strata, encompassing the world of 
writing, world of reading: INSCRIBE!

Hacked code falls out of Directories like grapes on a binary platter! God
shows Herself in the Software Bug! There are General Default Errors, there
are Run-Time errors, there are Errors from Above! On the Frontier, there's
always doubt, half-naked men and women fucking in the shadows of the Prof-
essor always pushing forward, penetrating the maternal sublime! In the
realms of the Spectral Mother, the bug is the signal that the miracle
occurs! No miracles without multitasking! 

Downloading more and more, I push myself in the midst of the programs, I 
lead them to the surface of the screen, competing for your attention! I 
insert myself in the midst of them; I'm yours!

Subaltern: And God exists in the midst of all of this, She adds things to
spite me, takes things away to torment me. Things of a thousand exten-
sions, unknown files .abc, .def: .defgod who won't listen, won't open Her
files to my truth, open Her files Just So: the just-so God who demands
perfection in order that speech may occur: I beg Her: INSCRIBE ME! 

"The hostility encountered by the so-called flower children is, in part, 
the result of their immature refusal to live in a world of 'old-fashioned 
rules.'" (The Violent Women)

Clara tells me what to do. Clara tells me which keys to press, which 
programs to download. Clara guides my every move. There are never enough 
hours in the day, minutes in the hour, seconds in the minute. Video loads 
fast, audio faster, real-time audio and video lag, pull one another down 
to the floor, fuck like crazy. Stark naked, I work the Internet among my 
hands, feet, lips. It's only the bugs that emerge, say, yes, there's a 
God here. God extends her tendrils in a life filled with errors. God errs 
us. This is the work of God.

(God lives in Netscape! God tells Netscape what to do! God extends her 
swollen breast to me; I press Enter! I press Go, press View! God shows me 
everything! The General Default Error is her own!)


