

--



Cil sans non


From L'Atre Perilleux, The Perilous Cemetery, 13th century, translation 
Nancy Black:

"I cant tell you my name,"
Said Gawain, "for I lost it,
And I don't know who took it from me.
 "Now I must go seek it,
But I do not know where to look for it.
And you ought to come with me, 
And, if you wish, to act
According to my will and pleasure." 
And the knight replied, "I am
Very happy to go with you
And to be entirely in your command,
For it is your right by conquest."
"If, during our search," said Gawain,
"We work together in such a way
That we succeed in finding my name,
I will tell it to you immediately.
Know this for sure, have no doubt. [...]"

Gawain's name is lost because two knights have dismembered a third in
unfair battle, passing the body off as Gawain's. Lost, he's cil sans non
throughout the greater portion of the text; dismemberment is the decath-
exis of inscription, and wryting is stronger than writing. The dismember-
ment is paralleled by continuous adventure in which Gawain picks up a
greater and greater number of companions, other knights, and damsels,
often is distress. It's critical to understand the naming and anonymity of
knights, the transformation of names, the sudden attacks by the nameless. 
The terrain is that of the lpmud to be sure; thirst and hunger (on the
part of a damsel) play a major role, in fact, a turning-point, in the
story - and Gawain, to begin with, refuses to leave a meal with Arthur
even though a damsel (another) is taken by a knight (anonymous) from the
hall. 

We are all afraid of and afraid for our bodies; our bodies are not our-
selves, but part of the socius, barely tethered in the realms of disease,
sexuality, death. Our bodies are inscribed by ourselves, by language, by
others; they're inscribed to death. Writing barely breaks from wryting; 
in cyberspace, the break is impure, tainted. My arms have been sent to you
from me, and my legs, to you, another, and my head to the other. The trunk
and cock are devoured. The eyes, plucked out, miraculously restored by Le
Fae Orgellox The Proud Magician, the body sutured as well. It is the
other, Goumeres sans Mesure, Goumeres Without Measure, who occasions "'I
don't care much for his surname,' said / He without a name; 'it suggests
nothing good.'" The dismembered body wrytes itself into code/codicil/ 
hieroglyph; at the same time, disseminated, stained, it is measureless, 
spread across the Net, interpenetrated. Fae Orgellox and Goumeres sans 
Mesure both lie; one name assembles, the other dissembles. 

In the story knights are often reluctant to give their names; the names,
caustic, full of energy and sustenance, are held back. Given, they
explode. 

The fear is everywhere, this fear for the body and of the body. It is a 
body which becomes a body upon the name, Lacan put the afterthought to 
the afterbirth. And it is the fear which is nameless, and nameless fear 
which becomes anxiety, after the dread of the name.

The objects which we claim to own are always already lost, nor are they 
objects, perilous and buried in deed.


