

--


Net Sex


How often have you had net.sex?
How many net.sex and how many real-life partners have you had?
How does it compare with sex with a real-life partner? 
With masturbation?
Do you think net.sex is more akin to masturbation or to fucking?
Or is net.sex a qualitatively different form of sexuality altogether?
Have you had net.sex with more than one person simultaneously?
Have you had real-life sex with more than one person simultaneously?
Have you had net.sex simultaneously with one or more people in real-life,
 coupled with one or more people on line?
Do you have voyeuristic tendencies?
Exhibitionist tendencies?
Do you always touch yourself during net.sex?
Do you finger yourself during net.sex?
Do you exhibit yourself to others in real-life during net.sex?
Do you have an orgasm or orgasms during net.sex all the time?
Most of the time? Never?
How powerful is your on-line orgasm (if you can generalize) in relation
 to your real-life orgasm (sex with a real-life partner or partners)?
If you have an orgasm, do you clean up immediately or later or do you
 never clean up?
Does net.sex orgasm affect your typing, and how do you signify cuming?
Have you ever crashed your system during net.sex?
Does your net.sex involve describing what you are doing?
What would you like to do to your on-line partner or partners?
What tense do you use in your descriptions of what you would do
 (for example: I am sucking your nipple / I would suck your nipple /
 I will suck your nipple)?
Do you ever feel you are "pushing" your on-line partner or partners into 
 new experiences?
That you are "pushing" yourself into new experiences, or that you are
 being "pushed" by your on-line partner or partners?
Do you tend to experiment more with net.sex than real-life sex?
Does your net.sex involve sadism, masochism, bondage, domination, urination,
 excretion, whipping, or similar fantasies of control and abjection?
If your partner in real-life or your net.sex partner or partners ask you to 
 finger yourself, or perform other specific actions, do you?
Are you more involved in anal eroticism in net.sex than in real life?
Do you ever touch the screen during net.sex?
Do you move often or at all from net.sex to phone sex in the same session?
Does net.sex ever lead to phone sex for you?
Do you exchange photographs with your net.sex partner or partners?
Are the photographs explicit?
Do you exchange video and other image forms with your net.sex partner or
 partners?
If you are straight, does your net.sex involve homosexual fantasies?
If you are gay, does your net.sex involve straight fantasies?
Would you consider net.sex queer sex?
Would you consider yourself queer?
Have you fallen in love with a net.sex partner?
Has net.sex embellished or diminished your real-life sex?
If you have a real-life partner (or partners), has net.sex affected your 
 relationship with her/him?
Does your real-life partner (or partners) know you are engaged in net.sex?
Does he/she/they participate with you in net.sex?
Does your net.sex partner or partners know more about your sexual desires 
 than your real-life partner (or partners)?
Have you met a net.sex partner in real life?
If you have, have you had sex with him or her?
Has net.sex brought an end to a real-life relationship for you?
Has a real-life relationship brought an end to net.sex for you?
Has net.sex resulted in your being more vocal about your desires in 
 real-life sex?
Has net.sex resulted in your being more exhibitionistic/voyeuristic in 
 real-life?
In your experimenting more with control and abjection in real-life?
Does net.sex affect you emotionally, beyond the sexual?
Do you find yourself falling in love with your net.sex partners?
Do you go through periods of sexual abstention in real-life or on-line?
Are these periods related if you are having both on-line and off-line sex?
Is net.sex important to you?
Is it always or only sometimes pleasurable and is it sometimes painful?
What does net.sex mean to you?

--



No More Cyborg Dyad!


Between nanotech and cyborg, the world shudders to a prognostication halt
just as atomic energy cars were popular in the early 1960s according to
late 1940s tell-story. Much is covered in The Cyborg Handbook, Routledge,
edited Chris Hables Gray, highly recommended. Cyborg appears almost always
electro-mechanical, neural energy flatplates gleaming brainwave attributes
as well, _this_ substance posed dialectically against _that_ - and where
is the materialist reflection theory to argue that _interface_ shudders
with the uncanny/imaginary of universal subjectivity?  _Cybermind_ however
implies other loopings beyond metallic _kneecap_ and ligaments, beyond
_computer screen_ and willing operator - loopings that are internalized,
the chambers of the flesh and machinic coupled, interwoven, coagulated. 
Instead of the dyad/structuralism reverting in fact to those fantasms of
the _human_ always accompanying the fetish - dream of effluvia, flows,
eidetic hallucinations of beings and organisms, universal molecular chur-
nings, dream of textual lamina in the depths of multiple unconscious,
languagings decayed in symbolic dissolutions, quagmire of flesh and sili-
cons, cobalts and organelles. Resist distinctions _here,_ resist the 
double polarizations endemic to incorporations of the Other, _move_ down 
channels incipient consciousness, splay microtendrils across desert 
landscapes, press eyes and implantations with finger-quagmires until 
cyborg envisions cyborg from within: move, move, move...

