


Text from 2 Chicago Openport Performances


this is a placemarker for font and size
i learn nothing from my work. my work learns from me.
this is so stupid. this is so stupid. ehllo hello. nathan - 
somewhere near the begimning of 'the silent film era'
actresses were accompanied by orchestras or musicians
of their choosing to get into the mood of the otherwise silent 
so this is how it's going to be. what i do (here) is try to type,
well at one point someone told me I couldn't type (I'm showing you now 
heheh! - anyway I try and TYPE something until you're bored or someonne 
pulls me out of here (I mean Chicago, not Links Hall) - anyway so I try 
to entertain you - wait, please there's more coming...
this part was videotaped at Rilke's Grave in Raran, SW 
we're reading - well, Foofwa d'Imobilite and Maud Liardon - are -
reading the tombstone - and well, I"m playing the organ, that's 
somewhere else in the alps -
the sooner a train comes along the sooner I'm saved here. i'd better 
explain this
this is a model of a dancer moving through motion capture equipment 
that has some broken sensors sending the signals out to infinity where 
they collapse, grief stricken, and return, something like the rturn of 
the repressed. Now here is the return of the repressed, just a second 
here -
ok, it's more or less below freezing out there in the Gruyere
ok, this isn't getting anywhere yet. i'mm not a particularly good 
performance artist. I'm cheating, I recorded this stuff beforehand -
look around you - there aren't any naked people in the room at the 
moment, nor a waterfall for that matter... this is a deconstruction of 
a gun and on the left is someone dancing more or less and disappearing 
into the light. 
<thinking of content... war, viollence, stupidity, let's all kill 
President Bush! - ok, I knw you'rethinking, this is "illeagal," but 
what if we do this together?" -> yeah, well, ok, this will happen. 
let's back up.
we won't kill bush, we'll just wound him -
so - just in case you wondered, the hum you're hearing isn't from my 
laptop, it's in the system here in Links Hall and in fact I tend to 
love it -on the left is my avatar disappearing in Second Life because I 
programmed it to get away with it so it can go through cliffs and stuff.
now yhou're hearing the hum of the planet, literally - this is very low 
frequency radio stuff coming through - the antennas are modified by the 
performers - transforming the sound - Maud Liardon atthe end of a 
particularly exhausting day. 
maud machine - there's a file here called rottate i'll try to find it 
hold on the machine aspect is clearer
by the way: the title of this is "The Difference Between the Analog and 
the Binary Mode of Relating Real-Time bodies to the world" -
this was shortened from the title "My Partner is My Buddha"
this is literally the Maud Machine - why literrally?
this is Azure generating very low frequency coupling with an antenna 
somewhere in Orange County California
these are dead avatars
this is another dead avatar.
ok what you're hearing is an imitation of a 78 record created from an 
event in very low frequency radio stuff. 
this is really stupid.l i'll whos you what i feel like.
ok that's an assassin bug on the right. now we're looking at the 
wilderness.
when we work and we always do and we work together sometimes and we 
don't we try to harnass
we try to harness the digital and return it to the real world.
there of course is still a real world, don't believe the theorists.
where is it? it's among the polar bears who are starving and have 
turned cannibal
it's among the elephans which have taken to raping as a result of 
population pressure.
it among the fifty thousand birds that died at the world trade center 
site as a result of the fucked up pillars of light which messed up 
migration routes - as a result they died of exhaustion
this is the deconstruction of a tree, a real tree, with a ditial 
scanner. 
I'm not sure why this is important, but possibly in anotehr fifty years 
or so we might not have trees.
well we won't have "we" either
this is my sad ronin in second life -
when I work in second life i go to thebottom of the ocean
then i don't have to deal with cleverness and messy building 
and people flying by.
i can just do something maybe there
Cris Cheek should know where this sound is from, the only thing I 
didn't do here, the rest for whatever is mine.
this was done after abu gharayb. those blades are from a wind farm in 
West Virgina. think aboutg wind farms - like the beams of lightfrom the 
world trade center, most of these have been responsible for the deaths 
of tens of thousands of birds. they fly into it.
the avatar was takenpart and taken apart and taken apart
this is Azure Carter being scanned while moving - this results in the 
disappearance of Azure Carter, any trace of her, in the digital realm. 
I'd show this to you if I could remember where it is!
ok, this is the result of that maneuver more or less, you can see the 
body sliced -
we're back trying to suture things back together from digital to analog.
if someone can tell me when twenty-five minutes or so are gone I can 
wrap this up.
at the moment I'm thinking: abjection/politics
on the left, avatars imitating real-life people
on the right, real-life people imitatin avatars.
notice the people (on the right) we refer to as "The Bobsie Twins"
What coordination!
This took years to perfect
i used to do these things with the idea of a 'moral" or content or 
"content" or a "sememe " or something behind what you're seeing on the 
screen. 
then it occurred to me
there's nothing we can do at this point to save - well, our own selves, 
species from extinction, inundations, the stupidies - that's stupdi, 
stupidities of fascist presidents - so we might as well just play and 
make faces in restaurants
because maybe all we can do is dance
oh that's so stupid again
but it's true!
and it's true I can't dance!
so ...
so it's true that'
that there's a letter maybe beneath this one going somewhere 
my partner exploding with the motion capture equipment going into 
gunfire -
well I want you to believe this is gunfire
while a vacuum tube is deconstruct simultaneously
well I'd like you to believe it's deconstructed.
what's stupid here is I have only one screen and I want to have 
equipment on the floro!
floor!
more and more equipment, something I can disappear into!
I'll have to settle for
for some sort of entertainment
i want to thank everyone here for allowing us to present!
and Foofwa d'Imobilite and Maud Liardon for their brillians
And Azure Carter for her support and brilliance
And President bush for making this possible
and the Swiss Government for funding this in part
and the Alps for just being there.
thank you.


placeholder text chicago 2
placeholder text
placeholder text
anguish disappears when our world suffers the most
an image weeps. an image does not suffer.
no, an image suffers the most. 
dear buddha, i will suffer for you.
thank you, alan sondheim.
nothing is real anymore, is it? is what? is nothing?
i am your electric-onic
i am your electronic buzz bomb 
i will kill all of you fuckers. i will kill everyone. don't forget - 
when you leave here tonight YOU WILL BE DEAD (honest, I really mean 
this more than I mean anything in the world) - signed, Mr. Bush. Let us 
[...]
If I can't be Buddha I will kill myself.
Then after I kill myself I will kill you.
Today I thought about the French Empire and the American Empire.
The end.
Alan Sondheim.
ok if you have any questions.
Ok I have a question. What is that stuff moving about.
"Well, I'm glad you asked that,' Susan said. This is really something, 
isn't it? (Susan didn't say that.) Well, what this , well, these are 
avatars torn apart, By What you May AsK?
maBY by Abu Gharab, he replied lightly.
Christ, he thought (although he didn't believe in God). There are too 
many things going on here. That zither is being sent around the usa 
coming back to me. That woman is Maud Liardon danceworking performing 
in a grange in the Gruyere. We need a cat. 
So you think this is funny? I will KILL YOU. This is NOT FUNNY. 
StOPPP IT
VLF radio runs around the world. The USA will use VLF radio antennas 
to: 
1. Disorient and kill whales.
2. Disorient and kill dolphins.
3. Communicate just where and when the BIG ONE will be dropped.
I'm a dope!
Just now, a reveleation: 
EVERYONE IS TWITCHING ON THE SCREN
Suddenly he realized: There were people behind himn.
It wasn't paranoia. He was being watched.
Something had to be done, something drastic. Then he remembered:

"He would kill them all."
This is the compassion the Buddha speaks of so eloquently.
Now we're hanging around the Aletsch glacier. 
I want to thank the Swiss government for making this possible:
a. Holding on to the Aletsch glacier in this period of global warming.
b. Giving my partner and I some money so we can eat again.
c. Making us stop worrying if we con't have any money for b.
I did this thing last night with different videos. And there I was 
thinking, there's just nothing you can do about the world, is there/
so it's not enoght to dance, fuck dance, it's got to be something else.
if we could only just kill ourselves. then everything would be allright 
in the worldl
but of cours we're just kidding, nothing like this can happen.
the whole history of the West: we're just kidding ourselves. (Honest.)
don't cry for us argentina.



