


SL, Silent fiLm, my softest repertoire


(modified from a response on Poetics)


Think of island-hopping, travel, between one and another place, from 
moment to moment; think of islands as digital markers, the journey as 
analogic?

Think of Second Life, where gesture is pre-programmed; where one can 
construct both gait and flight, but the rest is already protocol. You can 
add or transform gesture; as lived reality, they become tacit, ingrained. 
And Second Life is so pure, so clean; one can always get away to the 
unlittered bottom of the ocean uncannily devoid of life. Sooner or later 
virtual ecosystems will be constructed.

And in Second Life, gesture is part and parcel of repertoire; one behaves 
always within limits; there are barriers to travel, to height, to the 
planiverse itself. Everything transforms into style; labor is external, 
extra-curricular, just as this computer I am using was produced elsewhere 
and elsewhen - more environmental depredation, more human despair, greater 
and greater gaps between economic classes.

+++

I will move to Second Life; I don't get response in First Life anyway. I 
will live anonymously in the maternal folds of continuous production. I 
will take a new identity. I don't have a community in First Life. I'll 
have a community in Second Life. I'll be different in Second Life, I'll 
change personality, I'll be kinder, in fact, sharing software with anyone, 
murmuring beautiful conversations, flying to unknown places, engaging in 
literally inconceivable culture, sex, physical prowess, building schemes, 
economies both real and virtual. I'll forget the difference between real 
and virtual. I won't be noise as I am on these email lists for example or 
blogs for example. I'll be someone who words carry performance, whose 
words proffer beauty and communication. I will forget the power grid, 
electric commons engaging all of us in whatever worlds we dream, inhabit, 
construct, destroy. My gestures will be my manacles. My gestures will be 
genre; with any luck, will be canonic. I will speak to myself and speak to 
you from the softest of stages. I will be animal in Second Life.

