 http://www.asondheim.org/tabswish92.mp3

Using the model of silent film performance, the digital is not only the
series of islands, but the performance of the journey itself. The analogic
is the abject which cannot be contained, curtailed, the shores of the
islands, their sad susceptibility to global warming.

At this point, and it's my depression speaking, I can't help but fore-
ground everything cultural against the ravaging of the planet, the slaughter
of human and wild animal populations, the furious violence of our
government, governments everywhere. The silent films seem innocent but speak
otherwise of innocence; the seeds of destruction are already there.

Islands have moved to Second Life, and everyone and everything is buying an
island - universities, security agencies, art groups, cultural insti-
tutions of all sorts. It's this I'm thinking about at the moment, because
performance and gesture in SL parallels silent film in terms of phenom-
enology and histrionic. Sound in SL seems third-person, an add-on; later, it
will become more integrated of course, and the use of prosthetics will
eliminate the need for pre-programmed gestures - first-life and second- life
will appear equally analogic, equally 'smooth.' On one hand the rest of the
world (what passes past for the real) will seem distant and somehow safer;
on the other, the rest of the world, left to its own devices, will continue
the killing beyond any reason or proportion. We are living in massacre;
repertoire is symptom. What is the poetics of the dead poached elephant,
with its face cut off, whose photograph appears in the current National
Geographic? What is the poetics?



Qbico 56 LP review

Review @ http://www.volcanictongue.com/

Alan Sondheim
56
Qbico #56
LP
£12.99

Poet, metalinguist, cultural theorist and musician Alan Sondheim is 
best-loved by consumers of sub-underground fare for the stellar sides he 
recorded for ESP-Disk in the late-60s. But prior to that he was already 
active as an improviser in Rhode Island working with Ritual All 770, a 
multi-disciplinary group that combined brass, vocals, tranced hand 
percussion, bass and drums with a great up-ending attitude to avant garde 
sources that was reminiscent of the way that the Los Angeles Free Music 
Society would later use a goofy strategy of provocative art prank as a 
cover to allow non-initiates to work on serious formal breakthroughs. The 
Songs - an early collaboration between the two - was originally issued on 
Riverboat Records in 1967 and has remained fairly unknown outside of All 
770's appearance on the legendary Nurse With Wound list that appeared in 
copies of that group's first album, Chance Meeting On A Dissecting Table 
Of A Sewing Machine And An Umbrella. 56 represents his first new LP in 35 
years. Here Sondheim is solo, using guitar, alpine zither, electronics and 
field recordings. The guitar material orbits a bunch of singular 
hemispheres that would seem to locate the arc of his melodic thought 
somewhere between the odd, baroque constructions of Sandy Bull and the 
knotty dissonance of John Fahey - or even at points Derek Bailey - while 
the electronics and field recordings are full of subtle concentric rings 
of melodic suggestion and feel almost like close-ups on organic events, 
full of refracted slow-motion pulses and coronas of phantom tone. The 
whole set is perfectly assembled, with tracks short enough not to be too 
gruelling and long enough to reveal their full transportational 
properties. Indeed, I'd go so far as to say it was Sondheim's most 
accomplished work to date. A classic of avant extension and highly 
recommended.

 
news 	tip of the tongue 	catalogue 	contributor columns 	
label 	events 	email updates 	contact 	order info
secondhand & rare 	wholesale & distribution 	photos 	

http://www.a-musik.com/cart/catalog.php?label=739&am_id=238b...

SONDHEIM, ALAN 	56
red vinyl with white, photos by alan sondheim, cover by qbico. rec. 
2005/06 in ny and la. "after releasing two unique lp back in the 60's for 
the legendary esp label with his ritual all 770 and another one for 
riverboat, finally alan sondheim is back ! this is his 1st lp after nearly 
35 years and here he plays guitar, alpine zither, electronics, field 
recording... as usual he present us an eclectic mix of fascinating 
sounds..." (label info) 	

QBICO 

LP
E€17.90

http://www.lifegatemusicshop.it/catalog/product_info.php?ln=fra&products_id=C68061

Recherche Avancée Recherche Avancée
SONDHEIM, ALAN - 56
	
22.03 Euro
Date de sortie:2007-02-01
Support:1 LP
Genre:EXPERIMENTAL MUSIC
Label:QBICO
Disponibilité dans:20-22 jours
Barcode:
Imprimé en:NL


