 therefore something should come together
between the two bodies separated by a serrated division, vertebra one
among other. pain is this logging-out, is the collapse of the backbone,
the melting or melding of the body as it begins to disappear.the body's
not here either, the body is a square, is a playing-field, the body is a
holding-pen.the i is a stream of i's, of eyes, these appear as if it were,
but just imminent, as if just momentary, just for a minute.drying, in
other words a stain or residue, we can say a conversation is a drying, a
drying-out.in other words, you're saying this is dust, this is red dust,


In the year 5000, my birthday falls on a Monday, I won't be around.
Somehow, this makes me unutterably sad, weeping.

Our span is so short, we all know that, but this, this concrete
instance, tears through me. And I won't make it, to be sure, past
2020...

. in my eye, jennifer and julu, nikuko and travis, honey and alan,
accompany me, their organs, bones, and flesh already fallen by the side of
the road that is, in reality, a plain, open in every direction, neither
going nor indicating anywhere, any thing. my little band of characters is
in the process is dissolution. my little world becomes a world of stories
and no audience, my audience becomes a world of stories and no audience.
one no longer speaks with smashed mouths, writes with smashed fingers,
sees through the eyes of the death of the other, dreams or hears that way.
it is always ultimate writing because it is always urgent. it goes nowhere
because there is nowhere to go. destinations fall off the map which has
disappeared. every dream is a dream of death, every gem outlives the decay
of a pion, bringing misery in its wake. there is less and less time to
tell stories. did i say audience. was there any: 'my writing is my most
important medium.' nothing else speaks. i write in an unknown tongue.

the enormity of these figures... hard to convey in virtual worlds...
you don't have to take my word for it... check it out, you'll see...
you can sense them looking down at you... guardians... working for
your benefit... whether you like it or not... it doesn't matter...
one at a time and it has to be night... broken into pieces always
reassembling... you can swallow them whole... their mouths big as
the universe... at least this universe... i'll tell you more, i'm
breathing...

what i remembered when it was so poor out

what i remembered when it was so poor out
i could not think and my body wandered
somewhere a link faltered and hindered
and cauterized my throat and thought throughout

there was no semblance or semblance fraught alone
meandering murmurs mourned rooms dark and fallow
in plummeting bodies and faces skewed and sallow
and hollowed among mounds of earth and burning bone

hallowed they were in sutured hands and ears
haunting loomed and muffled clutched at voices
senseless and seamless depressed of humbled choices
and dense thatched strands stranding and embracing fears

memory what i remembered buried borne and lost and thrown
among sounds of human ghosts but not their own


My Avatar / Human Wounded in Space and in Time

this is what happens in the real world when you're eyes
are closed by others or you agree not to witness the horror
you were born into, you didn't ask for this, this shuddering
in space and time, this uniqueness with its catch-basin of
nerves already ruptured and furious at the world,

this is what happens when you step out of line, when you
can't come clean, can't clarify, can't suck your clean and
proper body, this stuttering in time and in space, this
smear with its basket of nerves torn to pieces, screaming
at every other world than their own,
Collapse this post

abstract animated avatar maquette
the holes open to one another or not at all
the bodies are crimped, collapsed, coagulated
the bodies crash and crumble without destiny
it's as if the holes puckered and faltered
and they might slosh what might be there
pure gifts from one to another
there's no happiness without exchange
there's no grief without collapse
the holes no longer speak or chatter
animated communities have no history
their history's left behind
monotony... monotony...
but there's always an echo in the hollow
where a letter lies sleeping

now it's cold and there's no time to dissolve this


virtual worlds

they get stuck in this life and yearn to return to the other
they are held back by memory and skin which falls from their seasons
they cannot move but are made from layers torn from their flesh
you are stuck in pain, you are held back, you cannot move

small models of splayed and abstracted avatars in pain
they are fleeing from it

radio sounds from antique radio equipment
you lean against glass and hear the flesh of the earth

photographs of a small child doomed to make these things
the child is doomed to listen to these things too

images of dead soldiers against your eyes
you cannot think anything but images of dead soldiers

books of martyrs and tortures and torments closed
you cannot read through covers telling your cold future

lament maquette for the dead as the world oozes human beings
human beings come forth and gather their dead and die

the virtual is the pain of the real and an escape
the virtual is powered by the pain and escapes into the virtual

o real pain o virtual
o doom of memory o dead soldiers o stuck flesh o martyrologies

you are deaf and hear nothing but your pain
call you forth and you hear nothing and what is survive

radio makes those sounds when you are not listen
radio make those sounds and murmur when you are

they get stuck in this life and yearn to return to the other

in pain in doom of memory in soldiers in yearning
in returning in memory in stick in lives and in survive

you hear nothing and you listen and read forth and this is a thing
it is a thing like no other listen and reading it comes forth

it comes forth swaying and swings from one to a return to an other
it goes forth dying and sways into another of your own world

i steal your own world from you and your virtual too
i steal your avatar and play it sound on radio here

you listen and you are stuck here in your long to return to an other
i succeed and you are stuck here in your long to return to an other

you listen you

you are stuck in pain, you are held back, you cannot move

they get stuck in this life and yearn to return to the other

they are held back by memory and skin which falls from their seasons

they cannot move but are made from layers torn from their flesh

alanprint objects of pained desire

charred bodies and excavated remains
virtual (bleak culture and slaughter)
darkness becomes no one

Nikuko says:

The truth is, you're reading dead words on a dead screen, and there's
proper names are killed, our dead words spike us in our throats our
mouths

Jennifer says:

dead words in beauty-smoke kyushu
honshu incense kamogami smoke, dead words in beauty-smoke kyushu
your dead words are your pens and pencils, skin and languages?
your dead words are fucked and blank?
dead words, these lips hardly move, names are just that, it's the force of
my dead words have no comfort, no comfort now, there was a moment, i re-
member, your dead words are your love?
proper names are killed, our dead words spike us in our throats our
mouths

Alan says:

dead words in beauty-smoke kyushu
honshu incense kamogami smoke, dead words in beauty-smoke kyushu
your dead words are your pens and pencils, skin and languages?
my words my i want to die. try dead words head. bones to old. my lead.
words my i want to die. try dead words head. bones to old. my lead. falls
This is why existence is a dead word and sex is not; sex starts inside
my words my i want to die. try dead words head. bones to old. my lead.
words my i want to die. try dead words head. bones to old. my lead. falls
This is why existence is a dead word and sex is not; sex starts inside.

Julu says:

+++


some legs

so that they're raw tissue or blood or leaking
so that their joints are troubling so that they're hanging
so that they're flags or fish or holiday
or carved from or stripped from meat so that they're raw pain
or so that they're dancing and ecstatic or something or someone
or other so that i knew who they were and know who they are
and know who they will be


isthisit, sexuality of the dead and damned
is this it

where the sexual maps and taps saps and everything revolves
as if merrily, or happy, as if things burrowed in their own
revolutions

as if they were buried, coming and singing and longing, then
leaving, leaving behind their own revolutions

certainly these aren't arousing so they're not it, or are
they arousing and is this it

is there a shattering of the woundatar

o forgotten deadatar, are you returning anytime soon?



the aesthetics of pain

what occurs on flatness never curls inward towards the body: that is
unless a fundamental identification is at work. nothing of the sort in
futurism which is responsible for the clean and proper body of the
Mac and Apple, the sliver that cuts through flesh, everything acceptable,
horror against against horror in false topologies, topographies of
destroyed villages, torn flesh, mutilated faces. it is all one and it is
all one and the same: too many deaths, and too many deaths.

just to make it clear: these aren't _notes,_ this is _labor_ purposed
for slowing or scraping the flesh trying to think, what? about the
damage we cause in the world, about the damage the world is caused.


ravage

i did hear that:
i appear ravaged.
this must stop.
i know i will be murdered.
my work is sound, its fury.
what is visible has been killed.
i am dead from them.
i am dead to them.
therefore i appear ravaged.


even after death it keeps yammering, yakking away

even after death it keeps yammering, yakking away
as much sense as when it was alive
somebody gave birth to this monstrosity
it won't ever shut up


the stench is everywhere

the stench is everywhere
it's offensive


the idiotic poverty of pain

because there's so little to say about pain, you're always thumping up 
against that, a sort off surface which gives way, but only within a 
limited compliance, after a while one wants to slither, one wants to move, 
to move, into projections of images or fantasies, or holographic universes 
on the edges of the surface, you can consider the surface in the same way 
as you can consider the bangu, the drum, as you can consider the surface 
as the surface of pain, with the center where the harshness occurs, and 
then reading the skin, reading the skin on the outside of the drum, and 
then leaving the drum altogether and go elsewhere, the sound that goes 
elsewhere, so, moving from there, after a while, pain then reveals itself, 
as does death, as an ultimate poverty, idiotic, nothing left but null 
signifiers always already collapsed, because everything becomes the same 
token, everything becomes the same dissolution or decay of the proton, so 
what is left is not even substance, one moves away then to embrace, or 
catch or catapult oneself, or corral, the image or imaginary that appears 
on the outside of the curvature of the drum, it's there that sound 
meanders into form, embraces the subject, brings hir back alive


enunciation

[i'm growing old and increasingly stupid. i bang my head against the same 
tired animations and blurs. i can't inhabit these flat things that cut 
through my flesh like paper. death stalks me. i keep thinking: now is the 
day i will die. i keep thinking: or else i will forget this day and some 
new monster will appear, an obscene _enunciation._]

[and i keep thinking: why doesn't the blog preserve line-breaks? what's 
run together below is substance. i'll drive italics to the edge and then]


never

never
never such pain again
they will not have it
they will flay first or kill first
they will open maw and ruin :

death never stops for death

nevermore our loves to please...nevermore. somewhere you will smile and 
the chains will seem one, and around eleven, crying nevermore.

for its crying out, nevermore among our universe, our nevermore. somewhere 
you will smile and the chains will seem one.

before the coming of the pain, the chains  will seem one.
with the coming, the cessation of the pain.with the coming, the cessation.

< deathwe will be sipping from  each others grease and never
> deathwe will be sipping from  each others grease and never
that death is never achieved.
of 1, death is never dead.
of 0, death is never dead.
of any, death is never dead.


cicatrix
'the cultural ecology of Bourdieu would be that cicatrix'

every covering simultaneously informs culture and the abject. variegated 
and tattooed surface choice produces the same laundering of tissue 
beneath. the healing scar is balanced. the body is a collocation of scars. 
beneath the surface the life of the organism goes on. beneath that 
surface, the organism returns to substance, re-use.

Choose File: No file chosen. Upload: nothing to upload. There's no image 
here.

 
thinking thru death

My father died at 4:55 this afternoon, Sept. 6. I've been thinking - for 
the past several weeks - about the ontology of images and the epistemology 
of the imaginary in online work. The attached image is one of the results; 
it's my Facebook face, with a profile picture taken from War Against War, 
Krieg dem Kriege, by Ernst Friedrich - an anti-war book with disturbing 
images, including this one of a wounded soldier from WWI. I wanted people 
to stop at the image, withdraw / drawback, and this is in fact what 
happened. The image is gone now, just one of a number of my 'profile 
pictures,' but it was up for a while, part of simple disruptive 
performances based on discomfiture and dragging the 'real' across the 
'virtual,' tearing at both. 
