=

On Wed, 17 Aug 2011, Charles Baldwin wrote:

I suppose I wonder now on what conditions can I say "I feel your pain." 
Is this phrase even possible? But also, we say it and mean it. (It would 
be interesting to pursue "I feel your pleasure" as well, which would be 
different, though present some related issues.)

"I feel your pain" is indexical"; a moan is ikonic; we're thinking through 
the language of ikons here. (Alan? Sandy?)

I suppose it is at least in part a matter of when and where and who 
utters this phrase.

There is also pain that is *managed* or lived through. Though I think 
this is already a problem with this as I write it: wouldn't all pain be 
shattering, in its time however brief, as a kind of obduracy within? And 
yet we're constantly living with it. At least I mean that in this case 
there are available conventions for signifying its presence. I feel your 
pain because it is like other pains in I have felt in the past, pains I 
have had, with the sense of *having* pain as an object possessed and 
controlled, as an experience catalogued and available to telling. I have 
had a toothache or a broken toe or a sore muscle. I lived through each 
and can now speak of it, can share it with you, can point to the scars. 
I am certain that here the pain is encapsulated - as you put it - or in 
a kind of vesicle within me. (Sandy)

This is true to an extent, but only once for example have I had such bad 
toothache that I could do nothing but scream (and did); I had to be rushed 
to an emergency dentist. Now I 'remember' the pain, but I'm not sure if 
this is the same kind of memory reconstruction that occurs, for example, 
when I 'remember' my childhood home... (Alan)

Then, thinking about your mother: a setting with no communication, no 
exchange of commonplaces about where it hurts. No signifier of pain, or 
rather the signifier is framed and held by the setting. No "pain index," 
no seven words to describe it, from flickering and pounding through 
nagging and torturing, or in between. In this way, pain is a problem for 
indexicality as such (and differs from similar problems e.g. the 
punctum). Gesture falls short: the witness - and there might need to be 
another term? the "vigilant" works in a way, but isn't right for the 
pain-sharer - consoles and soothes to no avail, the sufferer utters and 
moves but conveys nothing of the internal anguish. (Sandy)

Yes, absolutely, this is it, which is why I think of pain as ikonic, an 
internal ikon operative and witnessed only by the subject who bears it.
Which brings up a closely related concept, that we are ikonic to ourselves 
and that this is a closed transmission (not even sutured in the sense of 
the construction of the subject). (Alan)

What remains? A phenomenology that is blinded and muted in many ways. 
The tableau of sufferer and vigilant conveys only distance and numbness. 
It also conveys waiting (vigilance). Mute and blind waiting the sufferer 
is not dead, nor are they undead (in a monstrous sense), but they are no 
longer a subject, no longer speaking and asserting. You write "there 
might not even be a 'you' that is speaking those words to me," which 
makes it impossible for you to say "I feel your pain." This is a tableau 
of nothingness, of an open gap in being. It is not yet mourning. It is 
traumatic in advance, marking a trauma to come, in the sense that trauma 
is dream, is something displaced in experience and time. The 
phenomenology of the gap is tied to the time of waiting and not to any 
other perception. Duration, waiting, vigilance: these may be bodily 
relations beyond alterity ... (Sandy)

Yes, again, and the waiting for the observer is also tied to the 
possibility of recover; for the person in pain, it is timeless, and I'd 
think even the potential of temporality or a temporal horizon is absent.
(Alan)

Is it not here that I might say *I feel impossible pain*? At least, this 
was where I ended my last reply, except now I would say that every word 
in that phrase, "I feel impossible pain," is broken in the tableau of 
nothingness I'm writing of: the subject that might utter the phrase (the 
vigilant) is dumbfounded, as you say, troubling "I" and "feel" and so 
on. Perhaps *I feel impossible pain* is absurd, impossible, not even 
worth saying. It is philosophically absurd ... (Sandy)

It would seem almost an egoism, no? Since (feel)and(imossible pain) as 
locutions are contradictory, but yet the observer insists on saying 
_something_ since he or she is reduced to silence by the other's moaning. 
A doctor on the other hand, would see all of this as symptom, and 
hopefully act accordingly, doing whatever she or he can to assuate the 
pain which she knows by proxy is _there._ (Alan)

I keep returning to Lingis: in one of his books, can't remember which, 
he describes his own vigil by his dying mother's bed. She has cancer, 
she's in a hospital near Chicago. He describes his own inarticulateness 
and hers as well; but - as I recall - he also sees a bravery in the 
scene, a dignity in both the mother and the son facing death. Without 
being able to dig up the reference - I may be wrong in recalling it? - I 
have to say I find it a bit forced, but also I see it fitting the 
general refusal of real abjection in his work, his sense of the glory or 
wonder of being in every situation. *Forced* as a way of philosophically 
or pedagogically making a point about imperatives that bind us beyond 
being. Yet I wonder if it's too much on his part: how can it be so sure 
that I'm able to hear and answer the imperative? I'm not sure I believe 
that in the presence of a dying loved one it is so easy, except 
philosophically and perhaps only after. Again, I'm being unfair: it 
could not have been easy for him, and yet it becomes easy to 
philosophize, and to achieve a passivity and even enlightenment. Lingis 
focuses on the extreme, the rending and transforming of suffering and 
encounters, but there's a sense of certainty, of philosophical clarity 
that he brings to these. (Sandy)

I like your description here and the notion of refusing real abjection, 
but then I wonder how he approaches situations of real torture or pain 
before its 'time.' But the philosophizing itself is a way of dealing with 
it; when my mother died I played shakuhachi, and when I recently wrote 
about my father's being in hospital (on Facebook), I talked about playing 
zurna - it's a way of dealing, a kind of expressivity against everything, 
including the potential cessation of expressivity of course. (Alan)

Perhaps this relates to your final points about Buddhism or 
*philosophy*. I'm left wondering if dialogue in the presence of death, 
if description of the tableau of vigilance - as above, as here - is, can 
possibly be, *philosophical*? How can it be? Surely philosophy fails? We 
are, as you say, dumbfounded. I'm pretty sure that I'm unsure about what 
I'm writing of here, that I'm in no way certain about your pain or the 
pain of others, that I'm in no way certain about the nothingness of the 
vigil. How could I be? It is obscene to philosophize on pain. (Sandy)

Another turn here, however - perhaps that is the only philosophizing that 
isn't obscene; one is speaking for a body that's no longer capable of 
speaking, one is simultaneously within the intense privacy of that 
inexressible pain, and the intense privacy of writing itself, Vygotsky's 
inner speech, Blanchot's writing of the disaster, Scarry's introductory 
material on pain (the best part of her book, at least for me), and so 
forth... (Alan)

