

liner notes for Crepuscule


sexual projections over dancers and without dancers and sexual dances on 
the tentpoles ravens at the four corners of the world. dancers are below. 
oh they want to jump on the bodies. this is dance on deadly earth. origin 
of dance try to make sense of the dialog; they can't. The live dancers may 
be are nude, exposed; the dance ends when they cum. They observe two 
dancers - audience and masturbating couple - the dancers sexually aroused 
- if nude dance should move from position to position. Anita Berber. The 
dancers are reeling, on edge, nervous, difficult, a problem, their desires 
constrained by spectacle. The dancers are on exhibit, behavioral codes 
thwarted or broken. If a dancer feels comfortable, he or she should push 
further on. sexuality, and horror, interpenetrate. For the dancers, 
everything is at the body of the dancer is eternal exists in relation to 
the sexuality of the body within the dance, within. dance is the 
interiority of the metaphysical, dance succeeds only by virtue of the 
interiority of the dancing, only by the foundation of the world. the 
foundation of the world lies in dance, The body of the dancer lies supine, 
breathless. storing these things - in the dance itself there's an image of 
a woman My Cluttered corner of the dance studio. Cloth, food items, all 
supine, is choreography masteranwhile dancers having dancing day debris 
three. liner notes for Anita Berber. point of dance and sexuality dancing 
is indiscriminate fucking, display - midnight phone-calls and invitations. 
one a dancer is pornographic, once this splay / display, dance, 
photography, culture, art in general, is invisible as semen on stage, 
spurted from dancer, welcomed and returned by art, of dance, of the body; 
it is also the most unknown. draw a vector; appurtenance-appearance; this 
is what the dancer, photographer, performer, tensed in our tawdry space of 
the real. for if the dance-dancer emerge - Sex dances for one to four 
people. The dancers are nude. There are no props. Male dances alone while 
masturbating. He dances until he cums. Female dances alone while 
masturbating. She dances until she cums. Tethered: Male dances with one 
hand holding himself erect. Tethered: Female dances with one or more 
partners' fingers in her. Variant Tethered: Male dances with one or more 
partners' fingers in him. The dance ends when one or both have cum. 
Variant Tethered: Female dances with one or more partners' fingers in her. 
The dance ends as above. The dance ends when the dance cums. dancers. So 
this is a dancer transformed. Role disappears from dance, dance is. The 
advantage of a dancer: You'll have your body at the end of the day. The 
disadvantage of a dancer: You'll have your body at the end of the day. 
dance and culture brings Signs from Worlds eaten by light. Score 
restraint, bounded three-dimensional space, against which such dancers 
remain authorless in the midst of author/authority, danceless in the 
presence of dancers/dancing, human within the post-human, flesh within 
dance the doomed Case of doomed, doomed, a-void. Case of A world chaos, 
sex, spoken sex, poetics of sex. I may work with dance and sex and 
dance-video and sex. I will not work with images of sexual violence. I 
dance. Or I'm the material for the dancers; it's really back.

-- sondheim

Crepuscule (Twilight) recorded / edited 2006 Geneve


body out of sight
http://www.asondheim.org/thirst.mp4
by this time alan dojoji is out of control dance has held him he moves 
through landscape escapes the camera hides in rock runs behind viewers 
moves at the speed of light or something else instantaneous i am here but 
i disappear you can't catch me you can't snatch me you can't watch me you 
can't scratch me you can't match me you can't stash me you can't crash me 
you can't slash me you can't mash me you can't bash me you can't trash me 
you can't cash me you can't dash me you can't patch me you can't patch me
body out of sight out of light out of might out of byte out in flight out 
and right out and tight out and wight out at night out with might out in 
plight.



olomphax

the laminixys olomphax, a scotohylact watching horrehomo the somatoroser. 
the menadodus beneath the odigraculus, the lythrophyll of the vilipheno 
salamyx - a form of glottography against which the histemoreades of the 
notooecetes the medeicelomel nablajact; olomphax's palpebriosche begat 
tittholup. now to ingest the duobusthamnus, phalectopist, list to the 
phalerlall of the nullistymatic nostocarcinus; from gorgopteris to mega- 
medusa (zizanilarus flying high above the prinopalpodynia of the olomphax) 
- paniseptum in the cimoliscutellium, a form of serpophial beneath the 
irriturano. olomphax and conicrio together drank from the serpophial, that 
very same, to say, moliphet, the olomphax herself was sersect. salamyx 
tells no lies ...

cimoliscutellium small white-clay dish sersect late-cut moliphet hardly- 
speak serpophial creeping saucer tittholup nipple-pain conicrio dusty ram 
irriturano useless heaven laminixys thin-loins, waist menadodus way of the 
moon lythrophyll bloody leaf salamyx lustful slime odigraculus song of the 
cormorant glottography tongue writing vilipheno vile purple-red notooece- 
tes moist inhabitant nablajact harp-thrower palpebriosche drunken touching 
of testicles scotohylact dark yelper medeicelomel genitals resembling the 
cheeks olomphax an entire young girl histemoreades mountain-nymph tissue 
horrehomo trembling-man duobusthamnus two-cow-shrub somatoroser body-gnaw- 
er phalectopist shining-wanderer phalerlall coot babble nostocarcinus 
returning-home-crab nullistymatic limp gorgopteris fiercefern megamedusa 
great jellyfish zizanilarus weed-gull prinopalpodynia oak-feeling-pain 
paniseptum fence-bread




sonnet

onedy twody threedy four
fivedy sixdy sevendy more
fourdy threedy twody one
sevendy sixdy fivedy done
ingirl outgirl upgirl down
outboy inboy downboy crown
pretty bonnie in the well
happy johnny pulled the bell
seventeen eighteen nineteen two
twenty and one makes bonnie blue
nineteen eighteen seventeen one
sixteen years makes bonnie glum
zero zero short and narrow
cut the bone and gnaw the marrow

http://www.asondheim.org/running.mov - performance at Exhibit A opening, 
Second Life, Odyssey

http://www.asondheim.org/lessens.mp4 - motion capture choreography studies




before all this


'Ubeidiya culture - Israelo-Abbevillian v Israelo-Olduvan (Stekelis my 
teacher) Israelo -> placeholder: deep hiatus in relation to identification 
the figuring at Berekhat Ram - earliest reported piece of art 'Ubeidiya 
was the first place/holder 1.4-1.7 million years ago, emigration from 
Africa - Acheulian tools at the dawn of hominid culture - Berekhat Ram - 
early figurine I walked the trenches at 'Ubeidiya, hand-axes everywhere 
embedded in the dirt walls, sacks of them at the edge of the site - how 
could so many be produced by so few? so Israelo- becomes the placeholder 
at this moment, perhaps Palestino- earlier or later - our time here is 
minimal in relation to the depth of the early pleistocene - synchronical- 
ly, the median lies well within the Olduvan; diachronically, the demo- 
graphics fall pretty much now - twentieth-twenty-first-century collusion 
bringing pre/history to an end; elsewhere I've written about the 'uncanny' 
in relation to the site - holding, figuring, tools last held by almost- 
humans

now when voice comes to Second Life: who will speak for identification,
morphing or the granularity of the real making its appearance across the 
wires, given as such, taken as such? we're at the threshold of what 
appears beginning, here/now, of the virtual, 'pain has turned the thresh- 
hold to stone,' of the post-pleistocene - of the post-hominid landscape 
whose details still escape us

 what is the relationship between the grain of the voice and
 SL originary history - what is an original of the voice - who spoke
and with what 1.7 million years ago -

the genidentity of the voice - genitdentity of locus of human production
- the voice which is self-identical, the rootless voice, the voice without 
substance, the body untied to the voice, voice untied to the body -
genidentity of the voice: analogic transforms from real to real - return 
to stone, to the stones, to material culture continuously absentint 
itself, taking everything with it

7-day weeks - Onedy, Twody, Threedy, Fourdy, Fivedy, Sixdy, Sevdy 4-week 
months 3-month seasons ... Even with your studies, you need to meet 
people. I know! ... 7-day weeks - Onedy, Twody, Threedy, Fourdy, Fivedy, 
Sixdy, Sevdy 4-week months 3-month seasons ... Even with your studies, you 
need to meet people. I know! ... 7-day weeks - Onedy, Twody, Threedy, 
Fourdy, Fivedy, Sixdy, Sevdy 4-week months 3-month seasons ... Even with 
your studies, you need to meet people. I know! ... 8 bit bullet list 
marker is recognized. september ninth nineteen sixdy, ...  paragraph this 
is a mail message that i received one day. i didn&#39;t make it up ... The 
preprocessor is actually a series of small consecutive functions, which 
may be thought of as one long pipeline. Each function makes certain 
assumptions ... Help others find this item. Make a Search Suggestion | 
Manage your Search Suggestions.  No-one has made a Search Suggestion for 
this item yet. ... Konference se bude konat v prostor ch katedry filozofie 
FF v Plzni stnosti ... www.kfi.zcu.cz/fivedy E-mail: schust@kfi.zcu.cz ... 
jemu
 v r mci chodu katedry jeho kolitelem, vedouc m katedry, tajemn ky ... v 
jednotliv ch kurzech, p prav ~[ a organizaci ~Yij
 a ...


==

Pas.

From last night's Millennium screening greatly reduced

http://www.asondheim.org/pas.mp4
with Sandy Baldwin
and thanks to Ian Murray, Sugar Seville

11 short dance motion capture sequences in combination with walk/fly modes 
in Second Life. Sound: Alan Sondheim (Ensoniq Mirage)

siting the edge of SL - at this particular point, SL/RL physics is trans- 
formed into aberrant behavior; objects are literally deconstructed.

Think of these as collisions, speed-motion studies, the last digital ikon,
emptied signifiers, transformations of desire, metaphors for metonymy.

       n : substituting the name of an attribute or feature for the
           name of the thing itself (they counted heads)



drowning

in dreams bodies at uncanny speeds , moist or damp , almost evanescent , 
parlay of the register of the visible , enunciation of interiority just 
around the corner , some small flailing in the early paleolithic , oh that 
square that symbolic emergence , emergence of the symbol , they're not 
equivalent , what is there for us was not for them or they , or this one , 
caught , lost , almost not quite silent , else/wise

http://www.asondheim.org/drowning.mov (not to mention i'd like to drown)

http://nikuko.blogspot.com (things are put there (put things there (i put 
things there)))

 


A/Rose for Baudrillard

I have troubled sleep; nightmares become me. Recently I traded in for a 
copy of Sartre, Troubled Sleep, signed by him, scrawled signature to a 
friend. Barthes was hit by a van I think, all these men and some women but 
less women - Derrida, Foucault, Deleuze, Guattari, Lyotard, Baudrillard, 
Althusser, Lacan, bounded by what seems the cold war iron of Badiou. 
Kristeva, Cixous, Irigaray, Wittig, perhaps are still alive. I raised 
myself on all of them and now they're divided among the militants, the 
academics, the pieces of 'deconstruction' applicable to any analysis where 
something or other falls apart, 'simulacrum' following DeBord's 'specta- 
cle' where 'revolution' became synonymous with natural skin care and 
something everyone did against the name of 'freedom.' I don't mean to say 
anything here, I wonder about the doubting that once swayed the world, 
Jabes, Blanchot, or what I read as doubting, never say anything unless 
said to oneself, withdrawn, proffered as kind of a peripheral speech. This 
wasn't them, my reading, what I garnered, that excitement, Merleau-Ponty, 
at the birth of the world, its bearing, re-borning. Vietnam is now mute, 
May 68 almost forty years ago and most of us humans have never thought of 
burning monks. Tibet is a foregone conclusion; can one imagine the Dalai 
Lama back at the Potala? Bohm kept on moving; he was close to insane with 
the stress of homelessness. I wait for my first stroke, but none of the 
others, none of them, none of you, will speak to me. I'll go to heaven or 
hell with stitches in my mouth. I'll try to say something about the world. 
My eyes grow wider and wider.

weak fire-berry

star-seed-mine binding hunger-cloths fire-berry star-seed-mine seven- 
tribes flows mute four-dripping-willows star-seed-mine blunt-flesh indef- 
inite-onion blunt-flesh hunger-cloths hunger-cloths small seven-tribes 
knee-cones flows pale-violet knee-cones mute forms-and-ways pulley-passage 
knee-cones fence-pouches pale-violet window-treasure blunt-flesh strong 
forms-and-ways small healing small darkness strong forms-and-ways hard 
fence-pouches late-squirrel window-treasure darkness late-squirrel strong 
nightshade mixed hard nearly-winding darkness glowworm-flask healing 
nightshade nightshade hard grape-needles hard carry loose nearly-winding 
keels latter-wormwood keels glowworm-flask suture-shreds twisted-cloak 
loose binding carry keels loose-girdle suture-shreds fire-berry grape- 
needles binding weak keels keels fire-berry loose-girdle twisted-cloak 
indefinite-onion star-seed-mine seven-tribes four-dripping-willows hunger- 
cloths mute flows pulley-passage pale-violet blunt-flesh half-skull-glue 
small knee-cones fence-pouches marsh forms-and-ways strong window-treasure 
mixed darkness healing step-quivers hard late-squirrel latter-wormwood 
nearly-winding nightshade loose glowworm-flask suture-shreds carry grape- 
needles shining keels silly-yellow-cure twisted-cloak loose-girdle binding 
weak fire-berry
http://www.asondheim.org/mythought.mov 
http://www.asondheim.org/mythought.mov weak 
http://www.asondheim.org/mythought.mov


