


sexdance and sololovely and goog urls below


I'm writing after the uploading breathing down downloading on your end of 
the world, world's end, spatio, world's end, future anterior tempero.

I'm waiting first for the rendering of sexdance w/ Sandy Baldwin. These 
are getting increasingly sophisticated, problematic, uncomfortable, 
up/loaded. ok this is long but for the first time alien lifeforms appear 
on the boundary-level of an alternative world. 

life lowers our expectations; life crawls under them.

I'm uploading the rendering of sexdance w/ Sandy Baldwin in Odyssey East 
down there by the shoreline where the world falls off, new moves, new 
days, new complexities of behavior. 

I'm thinking of a theory but the theory falls flat-euclidean. Reading a 
biography of Celan, Benjamin's letters, neither help, are of use; they 
construct other interiors. China is on the shortwave.

The flat landscape remains impervious, unpunctured. A surface is a surface 
with a vengeance. The Dutch mafia. Netherlands on the shortwave.

At one point I tried to construct binary from topology; it doesn't hold, 
it slips out from under us. It's twenty-five years after the Falklands 
conflict. The Falklands broadcasting service carried on Radio Netherlands.

Byron wrote Heaven and Earth, which is most curious, and The Deformed 
Transformed, which I haven't yet approached. Deformation retains more than 
vestige of the original:

Every original is a deformation.
Every original is a deformation degree zero.

I get sick of Second Life; I will pack up and move there or move out. I 
don't want to live; I want to create. Living in any life is useless, 
exhausting, takes away from one or another realing. People suffering from 
Trauma from the Falklands. 250 died in the conflict, but 400 committed 
suicide. 

sexdance production delay today high compression algorithm collapsed 
narratives and metanarratives codework visible through cyclical 
interventions and punctured primitives

http://www.asondheim.org/sexdance.mp4

sololovely - solo with looped primed inteferenced behaviors
this is yet another solo mocap dancework
http://www.asondheim.org/sololovely.mp4

duallovely from a different longtimeago world and another planet
azure carter and foofwa d'imobilite older worked double solo duet
http://www.asondheim.org/goog.mp4




the flatness of the flat

blemish = puncture
you might think this tends towards differance
you might think this tends towards the object
the flatness of the flat
the plane is equally thin
flatness: there is no above
http://www.asondheim.org/selfportrait.jpg
recently suffering from migraine, panic attacks
well, that's the puncture, isn't it?
depression's thing?
defuge = the flatness of the flat
defuge = the flatness of the flat

one of the videos compressed for youtube
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcVokwMdNi4

no room for the abject here





slatter

http://www.asondheim.org/slatter.mp4 this isn't quite as bit as the other 
recent large files, but it is easily my masterpiece; if any of this work 
might be considered to break ground, this is the prime candidate. solo 
performance at the edge of SL universe; I could write reams (literally) 
about this piece, but perhaps it speaks for itself.

con aphors

specimen being ilent_editorial&ckey=          % aepsg% aapn&lc=eng&cc=th 
ilent_editorial&ckey=          % aepsg% aapn&lc=eng&cc=th both. power 
          http://www.asondheim.org/conaphors.mp4
mm layer ion ... fla er fla yle also significan fla ness of ness for a fla 
such such the ... flatness diodes detectors. values  .    values flatness 
write life interesting. and flat people write down things people things 
... within better and gmail better better and about thought gmail gmail 
er. fla ually be er sui he me he me op ( hough he reason why fla hough o 
sciences aphors and con he ar objec aphors and con aphors and con ions ... 
no with a critical is is has density hence flat flat is hence flat gr h me 
ransla echnology,  : ,   -  .  s, fla y has no curva . fla s, hin  . % of 
er er he peak value); a. more precise elimina he fla he fla he fla h 
remely fla h. ilen age of specimen and op he disadvan causing scra defuge 
= he fla he fla he fla he fla here is no above defuge = he fla he ness of 
he fla prac he fac he fac ical me ness in mechanical engineering. 
compression. for compression. flat contemporary sciences  : , the gr the 
flat" the flat flat flat" joseph engineering. the the whitworth practical 
unpunctured. surface the flat surface surface the flatness: flat flat flat 
compression. objects, objects, gr sciences the compression. compression. 
fla defuge = he fla han ... arnumber=       ically compu he fla ness of ha 
imum wf and al fil wf ( es imum wf and oma ails in ion of er al fil s. we 
show ically compu true causing in in at at joseph whi ness in mechanical 
engineering. joseph whi e fla he cri y has defuge = ness in mechanical 
engineering. joseph whi ical me prac ness of ha he fla ing. any ing. any 
fla yle also significan yle also significan o remains impervious, unpunc 
landscape remains impervious, unpunc ness of ... layer give layer of mm 
flatness a a thickness. a and the a flatness the mechanical joseph method 
flat of the practical during ... during peak value); a. more precise 
elimina hin  . % of ions ...  he ar ransla method of flat much provides 
flatness ... ... the of within suited suited hinking of a ness of here is 
no above defuge = he fla he fla landscape wi ually be ness seems so unna 
has ical fla abou er sui hough ical fla the seems why never about so with 
unnatural, why seems optical the optical flatness flat flat of = of flat 
make new hinking of a o make wri hing and boring. any hing he fla he hings 
fla ransla ness of ransla s, fla ions ... fla aphors and con he fla he ... 
an specimen optical disadvantage flat disadvantage in causing optical your 
es por orial&ckey=          % aepsg% aapn&lc=eng&cc= ches in bo h es down 
and some people make fla hing new he fla he fla -euclidean. reading a 
testing. testing. at power testing. as such for for as detectors. diodes 
top flat of precise more of of precise the in more more wf ... better ... 
flatness  : , sciences translations top top flatness ... flat the the 
causing scra causing scra has ness seems so unna ness seems so unna ical 
fla ing. power sensi ing. power sensi ness values of ha ch. s and he  .    
automatically the weights. that filter. and filter. provides much the we 
part significantly significantly the and also flat flat significantly also 
tails in arnumber=       the automatically better ... wf qgital wf making 
surfaces comes the flatness the flatness a with the comes that has there 
defuge no the flatness: = the the no defuge defuge flatness defuge 
technology, ...   -  . the sciences objects, and objects,   -  . ... the 
to anything the the to anything interesting. anything anything to down the 
landscape flat-euclidean. theory a a a flat the unpunctured. the the a 
people flat thinking theory i'm and i'm theory flat-euclidean. but of the 
no curva a universe wi e fla hod of making accura he fac . fla me objec h 
ness correc he user fla , for remely fla your ors.  ness for a fla ion ...




Catastrophic Thought


Its relationship to toggle, totter, topple:
from binary relationship to abject destruction
veering
extremities, 'things' carried to an extreme
thought that short-circuits itself, goes nowhere
flatness, worlds without direction
defuging of worlds

always self-canceling
using, devouring energy
it's too difficult to think

not the thought of the catastrophe
there's no therapeutic or suture
there's no projection, only introjection
this is introjection without absorption
blinking, unblinking, uncomprehending
thought of the catastrophe already grasps
thought is already thinking
catastrophic thought is not thinking
thought which is not thought

catastrophic thought is physiological thought
its limit thought on the borders of the conceivable
in catastrophic thought nothing is conceivable
in catastrophic thought there are no limits

laughter, diabolic laughter
catastrophic thought is the thought of the symptom

thinking which eliminates the premise of thought
thought which eliminates thinking
thought of the i am that i am
mute thought, inert thought, thought of the thing
the thing thinking

the catastrophe "what a catastrophe!"
the disaster "what a disaster!"

catastrophic thought A, then B, else B
towards B, else B, towards B
B becomes nameless, B is already nameless

the subject undergoes, is undergone-ing, introjection
inconceivable projection, nothing to project
no projectors

thinking the skein holding everything together
thinking the collapse of the skein
just beneath the surface there is no skein
just beneath the surface there are no things
there are no surfaces, there is no surface

thinking which is deeply, inherently, mute
unspeakable thinking, unspeaking thinking

physiology of tremors, depressions, tremblings
phenomenology of nightmares, hysterias
suicidal thinking, thinking which produces limit
thinking suicide, the production of a thing

thoughtless, witless
not always the worst, however, always mute

"i can't think of this, this catastrophic thought




nor taliswoman

neither this prayer nor nothing will not help no one
nor blessings not counting absent wounds neither grain
nor body lackings nor unspace of non-travel
never punishments never heals nor suicides not here
nor partings cannot take nor bad buys nor absent steps
unheard neither when nor there nor naught unheard
nor drowned forests nor burned seascapes of non-moons
nor armies not of night nor day nor are lies impossible

http://www.asondheim.org/myidol.mov



The difference between war and cinema

What's happening always suffers

The music in this film makes me all excited. Then nothing happens, or 
rather nothing happens as exciting as the music. It's not that the music 
disappoints - how could exciting music disappoint? - but what happens is 
really different, nothing one might call exciting, unless one - I - was 
excited by what's happening. The excited music assumes either I'll be 
excited by what's happening or won't be excited by what's happening but 
then the excited music will make me excited about what's happening. I 
can't be excited about anything that's happening without exciting music. 
Sometimes there's music that wants to be excited, or something is happen- 
ing that's exciting and I expect the music to be excited but it isn't 
excited, and what's happening might suffer as a result. In general, what's 
happening of course always suffers. Sometimes what's happening makes the 
music excited as well and I find myself listening to the excited music as 
what's happening excites me and then I might wonder, what is it about this 
music that might have made me excited had it been excited, and why do I 
find it exciting now if it's not excited? What's happening can make music 
excited, and music I think can't be excited without something happening 
that makes it so. But the music in this film doesn't make me all excited.


What's happening always suffers

The battle in this place makes me all distraught. Then nothing happens, or 
rather nothing happens as disastrous as the battle. It's not that the 
battle disappoints - how could disastrous battle disappoint? - but what 
happens is really different, nothing one might call disastrous, unless 
one - I - was distraught by what's happening. The distraught battle as- 
sumes either I'll be distraught by what's happening or won't be distraught 
by what's happening but then the distraught battle will make me distraught 
about what's happening. I can't be distraught about anything that's hap- 
pening without disastrous battle. Sometimes there's battle that wants to 
be distraught, or something is happening that's disastrous and I expect 
the battle to be distraught but it isn't distraught, and what's happening 
might suffer as a result. In general, what's happening of course always 
suffers. Sometimes what's happening makes the battle distraught as well 
and I find myself listening to the distraught battle as what's happening 
excites me and then I might wonder, what is it about this battle that 
might have made me distraught had it been distraught, and why do I find it 
disastrous now if it's not distraught? What's happening can make battle 
distraught, and battle I think can't be distraught without something 
happening that makes it so. But the battle in this place doesn't make me 
all distraught.


The difference between war and cinema

5,24c5,22 < The battle in this place makes me all distraught. Then nothing 
happens, or < rather nothing happens as disastrous as the battle. It's not 
that the < battle disappoints - how could disastrous battle disappoint? - 
but what < happens is really different, nothing one might call disastrous, 
unless < one - I - was distraught by what's happening. The distraught 
battle as- < sumes either I'll be distraught by what's happening or won't 
be distraught < by what's happening but then the distraught battle will 
make me distraught < about what's happening. I can't be distraught about 
anything that's hap- < pening without disastrous battle. Sometimes there's 
battle that wants to < be distraught, or something is happening that's 
disastrous and I expect < the battle to be distraught but it isn't 
distraught, and what's happening < might suffer as a result. In general, 
what's happening of course always < suffers. Sometimes what's happening 
makes the battle distraught as well < and I find myself listening to the 
distraught battle as what's happening < excites me and then I might 
wonder, what is it about this battle that < might have made me distraught 
had it been distraught, and why do I find it < disastrous now if it's not 
distraught? What's happening can make battle < distraught, and battle I 
think can't be distraught without something < happening that makes it so. 
But the battle in this place doesn't make me < all distraught.

---
> The music in this film makes me all excited. Then nothing happens, or > 
rather nothing happens as exciting as the music. It's not that the music > 
disappoints - how could exciting music disappoint? - but what happens is > 
really different, nothing one might call exciting, unless one - I - was > 
excited by what's happening. The excited music assumes either I'll be > 
excited by what's happening or won't be excited by what's happening but > 
then the excited music will make me excited about what's happening. I > 
can't be excited about anything that's happening without exciting music. > 
Sometimes there's music that wants to be excited, or something is happen- 
> ing that's exciting and I expect the music to be excited but it isn't > 
excited, and what's happening might suffer as a result. In general, what's 
> happening of course always suffers. Sometimes what's happening makes the 
> music excited as well and I find myself listening to the excited music 
as > what's happening excites me and then I might wonder, what is it about 
this > music that might have made me excited had it been excited, and why 
do I > find it exciting now if it's not excited? What's happening can make 
music > excited, and music I think can't be excited without something 
happening > that makes it so. But the music in this film doesn't make me 
all excited.


---


Parable of the return


Having perfected the machine which allowed us to travel backwards in time, 
we decided to visit the very origins of humankind, that savanna where 
proto-hominids roamed, beginning their conquest of the flora and fauna of 
the planet. We returned to a period before the great dispersion, before 
the diasporic spread of humans fearful of themselves.

We brought clubs, knives, guns, explosives; we brought encapsulated germs 
and plagues. Around eleven o'clock in the morning, we appeared on the 
savanna. The hominids, tearing a sloth to pieces, were everywhere. They 
carried clubs, hand axes, crude knives.

We knew the slaughter would kill us as well. We imagined the arrival of 
other intelligent species who might know better, or who would also send 
expeditions of destruction into their pasts. We were prepared for death, 
an oddly retroactive form of suicide.

We began the slaughter; clubs and knives did not become us. We began 
shooting and the hominids ran in all directions. We still survived.

We bombed their gathering places. We killed families indiscriminately. We 
released smallpox, measles, plagues of all sorts. We machine-gunned men, 
women, and children. We were harbingers of death. And yet we survived.

We checked our demographies; we were at the center of the holocaust We 
were the holocaust. We knew one or two might escape; we were prepared for 
that. The future, our present, would be transformed. Hominids would either 
go extinct or become a minor species with an ecological niche in some 
savanna backwater.

We discovered this: We changed evolution utterly. We changed it towards 
ourselves, the most violent of the futures of the hominids. The ones that 
escaped would live to slaughter others. It was slaughter that guided them 
all along. It was slaughter that created us. For those that escaped, 
wounded, life would be constant fury. We had set the script of revenge 
into motion. We produced ourselves.

We knew then that attempts to change the past only produced it. We knew 
then that there was no escape; life itself would wane as plants and 
animals hurtled towards extinction. Our return had created our return; our 
return from the botched journey produced at best a botched species. We had 
only ourselves to blame; our ancestors, each and every one, were innocent, 
following the path we had set for them.

We knew then that we followed the same path, that we were determined as 
well, produced by the circularity of our return. We were at the birth of 
the wounded, the birth of indiscriminate slaughter. We were at our own 
birth as well. We understood that there was nothing to do, nothing to be 
done, that death was always in the doing, that violence was mandated from 
our own beginnings. We knew then that we would die soon, just as others 
died, fellow travelers back in time, fellow architects of doom.


http://www.asondheim.org/moon.mp4


leaving the Valley

through wyoming exeter forty-fort kingston wilkes-barre towards blakeslee 
through and out of Wyoming Valley sped to 300 miles an hour - where i grew 
up surrounded by the blue-gray mountains of pennsylvania - you couldn't 
see very far in any direction - something like west virginia - you've got 
no viewpoint - you're trapped in the Valley - the roads wind long through 
it - you leave up and out along the five mile hill - then 19 miles to 
blakeslee in the poconos - it's always dark - always raining - there's 
coal in the mountains - anthracite - stripmining but not mountain-topping 
- mines were deep and dangerous - the five mile hill was dangerous - 
trucks would lose control - crash into wilkes-barre at ninety miles an 
hour - plow through houses - taking out everything in their path - for 
years they worked at taming the hill - now there are runaway truck roads - 
they go on up there - you can usually see tire marks - furrows - nothing 
gets down into the town any more - but we're going out of the town and up 
the hill - then through the mountains to blakeslee - first through the 
Valley past the airport - there were turkey vultures there - the first 
i've seen in eastern pennsylvania - the first i've seen in pennsylvania - 
they're moving in - on the landing strip - paid no attention to the planes 
- down past the dikes around forty-fort - named for the forty settlers who 
first arrived - the area has a long history - wars were fought - lot of 
people died - the susquehanna's held back by the dikes - floods anyway - 
the cemetery - you can just make it out at 300 mph - cemetery lost a lot 
of coffins - they floated down the river in 1972 - our house flooded as 
well - we saw eleven herons in the area a year ago - the area's aging now 
- lots of people left - mainly young people - the mines are closed - 
flooded out in 1959 - land subsidance - our house cracked in two - we're 
leaving at 300 miles per hour - we're on our way - we're gone - 
http://www.asondheim.org/valleyspeed.mp4


vultures

although guidebooks list turkey vultures summering across Pennsylvania, 
this is the first I've seen in the Valley. it's a probable harbinger of 
climate change; the local rabbits, skunks, and possums have disappeared 
this year. (the possums came only three years ago.) lawns seem in trouble, 
perhaps under attack from fungi or nematodes. last year we saw 11 blue 
herons - this year, none. the Canadian goose population seems decimated. 
there was a killdeer on the Susquehanna banks. last year, several hawk 
species - this year, none; this might be nothing more than chance 
observations, but there seems to be an underlying pattern. I photographed 
the vulture in flight around the local Valley airport. pardon the shaky 
camera; it was the best I could do in the wind. 3 to 4 were seen, somewhat 
together; vultures are social creatures. something was tasty near the 
airport runway.

http://www.asondheim.org/vulture.mp4

I'd be interested in hearing stories about climate change in your, in 
anyone's, neck of the woods. what species have increased? what species 
have disappeared? global transformations lead to local, as well as global, 
symptoms. animal and plant populations are on the move, some heading 
towards destruction, some able to survive migration. overall, the 
prognosis is one of disaster, and I wonder what really happened to the 
rabbits?




I enter the phrase: Enduring the realm of inherent contradiction.


Endurance: here, to subsist within for an indefinite period of time. The 
realm is that of broken, convoluted, fragmented information. Contradiction 
references multiple strands tending towards differing and temporary truth- 
tables.Inherent, because this becomes the condition of existence; outside 
the realm of language, what is, is, but within the same, mappings are 
fast-forward, imminent, and decomposable.

Fragment generates fragment; the goal of the fragment is the fragment; 
there is no goal. What happens in the real is the incandescent slaughter- 
house; ecologies and bodies burn. The fragment is the life-raft.

The iron-clad fragment protects itself as ideology within the inerrancy of 
a text. The text itself is of little matter; what matters is its command- 
structure. An inerrant text is absolutist; it brooks no contradiction; it 
is nothing but words.

One word follows another; within the fragment, they are deeply untethered. 
The inerrant text constructs the digital world; the digital world decon- 
structs, destroys, the inerrant text. The construction of the digital 
world: from parts and parcels of the analogic, the inert real. The frag- 
ments otherwise; the fragment returns to the analogic - is fragment pre- 
cisely because of the analogic; in relation to the analogic; within the 
analogic. The fragment is the passing symptom; the symptom is the passing 
trope; the trope stands in for the raster, the horizon of the digital.

What one says and does is irrevocable. 

The fragment is endured; the fragmented is nostalgia for a lost and mythic 
coherent. 

The fragment leaves the fragment, leaves language and name behind. The 
fragment is the dream of the proper name.

"To fragment something" carries the torn world on its shoulders. Contra- 
diction seeps from the torn. The hole dreams of the whole; the hole dreams 
of the whole dreaming of the hole.

This has nothing, has everything, to do with the slaughterhouse. The 
slaughterhouse is the last of the shifters - meat and dwelling of the 
shifters. Contradiction: seepage from the slaughterhouse. Slaughterhouse: 
the irrevocable torn.

*/ Who carries my voice when I speak? To where and when is it carried? And 
from where? And from when?




behavior collision

when behaviors collide and there's no catastrophe
things decide what things will be in relation in situ
sub specie aeternis all things are in-decision
the indecision of things functions as a falling
the falling of things is not ever a failing
the in-decision of things is smooth striations
there are not ever decisions / sometimes out of a corner
of an eye there are behavior collisions
the slightest shudder of adjustment
one might notice pleas for help for an end to the shuddering
for a moment of grace for quietude and deepest sleep
in deepest sleep there is disappearance and you are gone
you are gone with the falling of things 
the eternal falling of things
when we are together and there is behavior collision
it is always high noon among the primitives and polygons
unlike separation and real life this is real life
this is separation this is the slightest pause
things pause like that in worlds of in-decision
in in-decision and the falling unfailing of things
http://www.asondheim.org/behaviorcollision.mp4

ping-poem

 - N  . E  ( hpsetup ) ad-hoc :  :ff:de:  [ ] #ing
f:cc: e:d :a  :ed:d b:  f:  :bb:ing
:c  :fc:  e:  one :ce:  toc  WIRE  a:ing
d:d  linksys  :f  SpotOn  c:  BM-Law :e  magnumjet  :b  a:ding
d:c b  mona:ef  Beacon Network Main  d:  NETGEAR  f:b  :ecing
AP  :da:bd:  default a Artha  stern  :fe: eing
Reaz  karamon:ba:  Callie f :fa:cb:eing
Workspeed :ae :d TL HILTON :ad:  smokey :eb: :ab belkin ging
jackrabbit WLAN_ARCADIA waterside c:bf:  AureliusVisitor :ac Apising 
:bf:f :ae: wlan c:e emg- :ed:b PWLAN :be:   :ed:e :ee Belkin_Ning
__ homenet Landis dorisnet aengus packer NOXCIV DIozzo :bf:c b:aing
qtghb Alejandro's :bf:  KU :ae:fb:  a:bc:  :ba a:f MSHOME principessaing
:cb:c a:e Hope b:f :ed MTI :ad:d t White Contractors d cddcing
Apple ma  Linksys linksyswong  f:ec  Rotherwood  :bc:ing
:cf:ing chichiing f:aeing Guesting:df:c :fa  :dbing
SOUNDBEACH  d:aa  prudentialct  d:da:  WestEnd Court :ab:c  arnolding  
lbming wilmotingc  brandysailor :fe:af:ef c:b f:fing
Dinoland d:ff seguelnet e:f fallenleaf e:da:  Belkin_Pre_N_ CB a:c a:bing
:ac:b Belle :db:b :bd:  newlan :dc:fe Gazalny WLAN:bd:c Nat Avilaing
:ff chris d:ba: c:d SUMMIT tatge :fa:  smithnet THESALTMINES d:fe:ing
Gregs :ad:f :ca:  IKAN_NET_BKP :ee: Stantoning
diego & alex Z e:dding shirley.  flower  :ac:cf:ccing
MIGUEL e:a dale_tribe MAC home d:b ATPEACE :ea:e bae b:ae: MyHomeing
vinodh  c:ac  b:b lynksys Elizabeth bickham-  :db:  NYC ing
:bf:eb:  f:ae:  Miltiades WoodHouse :cb:f :da:ca:e Chapel Ln ARCIMing
weickering:fd:  :ba:ef takanon :cbingJessydog  DH  c:aing
pmi  ebb :eb:b Belkin_Pre_N_D B  sstinger  :af:ding
simpson restaurant :dd dontsteal dvnet e:ca UnitBrewster VOLing
kavanewsky b:d McCauley Glen Avon Net lillamb jennifer :bf:da:  e:bing 
YLoGOffice :ea royce b:ac: ee WHP cloudysky :be:c :ad :ff:  sachemcting 
c:bb:eing massimo :bf:ed:ef:ing ngwing :ceing d:dding
TinDrumAirportExpress :cf b:e Atlas printer opcsoho kondonet :cc:cbing 
CAMUTOGROUPing Freda neting Millspaugh  f:d shepard-ging
:ca GXQT Broadcaster b:c cd :cd: Suhyon :fe:eb:  :fe:ba:  carolyn_ging 
QLHM  Chaves Family f:be:f  c:cding
Sandtrap :dd:  HPNA_ YBZ :cc CASA Paul_Res :da:  :ac:f Igoeing 
JKEM :ec:c ADACHI- ???? Bartko HOF :ea: rignana :cd:f :df:eb:  bding






Grotosqoo Doncos Ovoodong tho Consor

Molo ond Fomolo Doncor, Molo ond Fomolo Non-doncor, nodo, no gonotol hoor.
FN stroddlos MD who focks hor wholo doncong; donco onds onlo whon ho comos 
or folls to tho floor oot of oxhoostoon.
MN socks MD who doncos ontol ho coms.
MN os prono on tho floor, focks FD ontol sho comos.
MD ond FD fock ontol thoo como; donco onds onlo whon thoo both como.
MD focks MN on tho oss; MN os on oll foors; donco ontol, otc.
Rovorso: MN focks MD on tho oss; MD os on oll foors; donco ontol, otc.
FD possos on MD prono on floor; both donco ontol dro.
MN ond FN poss on MD ond FD on floor; tho somo.
MD ond FD poss on MN ond FN; tho somo.
MN ond FN poss on MD ond FD; tho somo.
MD focks MN focks FN fongors FD fongors MD on tho oss; onds whon oll com.
FD sots on MN, focks MN, scrotchos hom ontol ho bloods ontol sho coms.
FN sots on FD, focks FD, scrotchos hor otc.
MD sots on FD, tho somo. FD sots on MD, tho somo. Combonotoons, tho somo.
Monsos: Of possoblo, FD ond FN sprood monsos on MD, doncos ontol dro.
MN swollows monsos of FD ond FN doncong oroond hom, donco ontol dro.
MD possos on MN's mooth, FD possos on FN's mooth, MN ond FN mostorboto.
MN possos on FD's mooth, FN possos on MD's mooth, otc. Combonotoons, otc.
FD botos FN's broost ontol ot bloods, doncos ontol blood droos.
FD botos MN's broost, otc. Combonotoons, otc. 
FD, MD, MN, FN, shot, covor thomsolvos on shot. Onds whon shot droos.
(Oll woth lovong ombroco, shoddorong, tromblong, groons, othor soonds.)





five pieces for solo classical guitar

instrument: Romeo Di Giorgio 1949 

http:/www.asondheim.org/riffa1.mp3
http:/www.asondheim.org/riffa2.mp3
http:/www.asondheim.org/riffa3.mp3
http:/www.asondheim.org/riffa4.mp3
http:/www.asondheim.org/riffb.mp3

the first four are probably some of the most difficult I've played
the last is denouement





homeland swaying


leaving for another ocean interweaving

1. Events interweave among events.
2. An event is an occasion for the asking.
3. An occasion is a frameworked transformation.
4. Frameworks are syzygies within potential wells.
5. A syzygy is a perceptual configuration.
6. The configuration appears characterized by genidentical flows.
7. The perception of the syzygy is characterized by the frame problem.
8. Syzygies are momentary stases relative to one or another tolerance.
9. Potential wells are characterized by perturbations around equilibrium.
10. Think of such well as strange attractors in chaos theory.
11. When something pushes out from a potential well, that's an event.
12. When genidentity is perturbed perceptually, that's an event.
13. When genidentity is fundamentally perturbed, that's chaotic flux.
14. Identified chaotic flux between collocations of states is an event.
15. Thereupon events are statistical ensembles.
16. Identified events are ensembles apparently near the breaking-point.
17. "Leaving home is an event when you've actually left your block."
18. "Leaving home is an insecurity."


http://www.asondheim.org/sway.mov



deconstructing julu

three sections to skinstretch:
1 camera-movement limit-point collapse into catastrophic behavior
2 behavior collision from above including skin-stretch
3 analysis of skin-stretch in two movements

http://www.asondheim.org/skinstretch.mp4

years ago invented a board game in which the board squares moved 
independently, as well as the game pieces on them.
now thinking of second life performance involving two performers
and an architect:
the architect constructs and transforms the performance space;
the performers create psychodrama in relation to behavior collision
within that space. 
a performer might fall off the space, be absorbed by the space, 
be excluded from the space.
the architect is moved towards greater and greater extremes: 
what holds the performance in place, what dissolves it?

i've contacted the potential performers, now would they use their
real names.


blocks

set of late 19th cent early 20th cent children's blocks.
rearranged i desperately tried to fill in the gaps.
closed in one area and expanded in another,
jut like the true-real, nothing fits any more.
the gaps are small, hiatus, liminal, interval.
they tend towards closure, implying they didn't mean it,
they meant nothing by it, it was an accident,
it was nothing at all. teeth are always on the edge
of things, and that's where the world forms and tears
apart. later, azure appeared and set everything aright.
it took her a few minutes. she followed the diagrams.

http://www.asondheim.org/bock.mov


rooftop performing in real life

http://www.asondheim.org/goth.mov

azure carter and foofwa d'imobilite
in rooftop asynchronous duet
shades of avatars--
precognition of behavior collision
avatar transparent interpenetration sex 
discourse networks of limbs and movements
transformation of leg limb and torso
high-speed shudder frisson
trembling disassociations
remembering nothing anytime soon
( humans always forget )


M us liguus linksys darkne releasemen men an e ruc erne Waypoin playn NYC
RNA fictivity CEN DSL BBS archaea harmonica URL fingerboard feedforward
lpmud eme Quick s racerou re discomfi echne megafauna Myouka magatama
chora Sutra rotifera Nara shimenawa ion ma icula ra misrecogni circumscrip
iza erpene in ics subgroupoids minefields microworlds arounds landbirds
emergences erological psychoanaly erological asm presen dis ivi era man
asmic machinic ikonic synchronic Subsonic en hic fan ia psychoanalytical
videowork soundwork codework authorial gestural interpenetrations typific-
ations sexualizations avatars terns speakings poolings peerings conceiv-
ings blogs cyborgs morphs rebir ies differance jouissance specicide hee
bricolage Webpage paysage pro ed sub periphyton reinscription deconstruc-
tion circumscription bushido reinscribed castrated sed cd cathected circ-
umlocuted deconstructed empathetic reinscribed diegetic asic diege hec
ioned everglades implodes Webpages newbies coherencies symbologies ecolo-
gies collocations effusions sions unfoldings habi cun ars signifiers
voiceovers sawgrass sourcess menued problematized webboard differend real-
space trAce blogging unhinging morphing skeining disassocia decons wry
oeuvre traceroute stromatolite pre discomfiture immersive exe Netscape
episteme wetware lejeune symptomologies i'd shi cas circumlocu ized half-
groupoid lifeworld Cybermind objec heorized problema discomfor hized un
multiculturalisms ms cums regimens trans omologies on semio eleologies
neurophysiologies symp sexuali Carboniferous zaurus fascia emanan ca
defuge Quicktime trope sexualizes es spri jec hana rans skeins Sysadmins
communali uali ex y urally diachrony Peachboy originary indexicali hexis
codeworks primordials experien opoesis semiosis deca internality commun-
ality indexicality familiality Alterity externality postmodernity fictiv-
ity shakuhachi Sagdish yamabushi filmstock satori hood ware pneumosphere
futurology holarchy gesturally Snoxfly audiophiles organelles sememes
biomes gridlines Dis ropes we izes objecthood empathized glossolalia
romola dementia simulacra vlf worlding hirself performative ml perl i'm
webcam spam sondheim asondheim com cdrom ive inscrip i've performa izing
jpg org cyborg Amidah modernism narcissism h par ifica o teleologies his-
toriographies virtualities alterities imaginaries deerflies al axonomies
ideali ontologies jisatsu phenomenologist subtext www incoherency unix mov
Semiology algias sys or informa neighborhooding languaging interpenetra-
ting decathecting nano manifes hema er hir grep app isp bookshops ava ions
sexualiza essella wille d'nala maga he jewish bvh WiFi izanagi kanji miami
alk ok fu julu Badiou jisa ology syzygy nijinsky li phenomenologis racer
familiali ernali hology disassociating cathecting awk indexical html judg-
mental libidinal ural judgmen Mt kwat habitus linkethernet darknet ideog-
rammar manifesto Compaq zither Panamarenko postmodern moron interpene-
tration rearticulation tion presentification mathematization Nikuko's URLs
nos neurophysi ologies oriographies diachronically geoma p r d'eruza java
paleolithic fantasmic sac performativity frisson periphy her filmmaker
Difil eledildonics modern physico bio nikuko offline Ne Cen problematizes
penis diegesis semiosis incompletes conceivings gigabytes structuralism
postmodernism valium ina olanguage nie presencing neighborhooding zazen
koan vicodin denudation problematizing rAce mediaspace Prespace cyberspace
nietzsche apperception malnourishment releasement playnt seamount runnels
rills desicca ropic qbasic ic extasis decathexis mathesis cordons rusions
ials hs colloca ypifica erns deconstructs emanants sourceless cunts sys-
temics semiotics implodes rojec sourceless dancework skinwork dh ribu
immersivi eri sprites sexualaether tr stentor teledildonics geomatics nos-
talgias subjectivities Distributivities txt analogic ytalk tamiami fantasm
cum ulpan originary abacus chiasmus Marvellous ori films consensualities
sexualities su shinjuu panix linux orni malnourishmen complici javascrip x
moil ock fic moderni pos eriori ensivi geniden endrils phan asms mul wil-
lets actants clots


the usual avatar visiting the real
the sitting position makes the sequence simple
the stretches are customary and conceivable
the mudrah hands and the rasa eyes
the possibiity of this choreography
the shuddering feet of the usual avatar
the imitating performer of the shuddering feet
the peripheral vision of the real from the box-seat of the digital
the memory of the analog through the dna of collision analog
the uncontrollability of the usual avatar
the hello world program of the usual avatar

http://www.asondheim.org/touchme.mp4

visiting avatar
visiting position sitting avatar
avatar makes the sequence the position stretches conceivable are sequence
the mudrah the mudrah customary the the of rasa hands rasa the feet of the
choreography avatar the feet the the the the avatar usual of vision vision
the of vision the from peripheral peripheral the the the from from memory
through the the the dna analog dna the through uncontrollability usual
uncontrollability of the hello program avatar of avatar usual
program hello the
usual

the usual avatar the visiting usual real visiting sitting the position
sitting makes position sequence the simple sequence stretches are the
customary stretches and are conceivable customary mudrah the hands mudrah
rasa the eyes rasa possibiity of this the choreography possibiity
shuddering the feet shuddering imitating the performer imitating
peripheral real vision from from the box-seat the digital of memory analog
analog dna through of dna analog collision memory uncontrollability hello
hello world world program program



isolated and expanded section of the dawn vlf chorus 

http://www.asondheim.org/chor1.mov

section of train rumble analysis

http://www.asondheim.org/trainrumble.jpg

filtered according to strict surrealist canon

http://www.asondheim.org/trainrumble2.jpg

i erased the train rumble. it wasn't exceptional




Limits of the World


Gamespace is bracketed by the _blank_ and the _edge._
Unlike the physical world, gamespace isn't fractal: moving closer 
to a surface results in pixel enlargement (or penetration). 
This is the blank of gamespace.
The blank isn't unknown; the blank is entirely known. 
The blank is the death-limit, absence, unforgiveness.
Traveling across (parallel vectoring the surface) leads towards a limit.
This is the edge of gamespace. (Not all games have edges.)
The edge is unknown; the edge is the failure of rule-binding, identity,
physics. The edge is the life-limit, presence, forgetting. 
(What came before isn't relative.)
The game occurs before the blank (play with a sufficient pixel raster);
the game exists beyond the frozen zone of the edge. 
(The frozen zone: where media play.)
Both blank and edge are spaces of negotiation.
These are the limits set by the contract or rule-governing of the game.

To understand the game, play it; to comprehend the game: move from blank 
to edge, edge to blank.
The mute blank: One speaks before it. The activated / activating edge:
One moves across it. 
To cross the edge of gamespace is to be drawn Elsewhere.
To be drawn in gamespace: to play. Drawing is always redrawing.
(Ontology is rewrite.)
Gamespace: One speaks within it. Blankspace: The Unspeakable.
Physical world (let's call it realspace): The deeper one proceeds, the 
greater utilization of economic resources (colliders increasing in size 
and power, etc.).
The smaller the realspace object, the greater degree of virtuality.
(Perhaps gamespace and realspace meet at the hypothetical infinitely 
small.)
The virtual is the foundation of the hierarchy/holarchy of realspace.

The edges of realspace, gamespace, are the jectivity of transgression. 
Or certain edges are, or certain transgressions.
The blank is withdrawal, catatonia, the virtual-real, the inert, obdurate.
Transgression means always having to look back (return the gaze, appear 
across the edge).
Blank is never-looking (nothing to look at, unable to look).

Culture flourishes in the liminal.
Theorizing from the inside-out, theorizing from the deconstructed basis.

The blank: broken writing-pad, magic slate, inviolate sheet of assertion,
defuge, decathected.
The edge, the stylus. Fulcrum or balance for the interior. Tottering, 
toppling (inward).

The transgression in realspace is the occasion of death. In gamespace, 
return. In gamespace, return of the repressed. 
The analog of gamespace: psychoanalytical oozing, blank and edge.
The digital of realspace: apparatus, mechanics, closing-down of the 
liminal.

(Drawing a blank.)


(Reading Ken Wark's Gamer Theory, playing in SL, teaching in Providence)


arousal

certain objects or items on a psychoanalytical scale create arousal; por- 
nography operates off this principle. the objects or items are presumed 
human, that is to say, projection/introjection (my 'jectivity') occurs 
across the threshold of the space between viewer and image. if the items 
are non-human, one presumes fetishism (with all the overdetermined accom- 
panying psychoanalytic theory), but this need not be the case: given what 
elsewhere might be considered dismemberment, but is read here as the dream 
screen of the sexual, arousal occurs through a litany of movement and 
geometry, nothing more. it's as if we're imprinted (and i think we are to 
an extent), as if items appear which construct desire, reproduction, 
species. the visual in these cases is a zeroing-in. avatrex.mp4 is an item 
(not a human) which simultaneously projects and falls apart; what arouses 
are mediated part-objects which seem capable in this respect of standing 
alone, standing for, standing in-for. i think all of this relates to a 
potential wellspring of violence; if all that's needed is surface, is the 
rest of the body to be discarded? an uneasy question, troubling phenomen-
ology as well. http://www.asondheim.org/avatrex.mp4



My stupid talking.

When I speak I sound like an idiot. I can't control my words. Thoughts and 
concepts fluster in and out, a jumble. When I write, things are different; 
they organize themselves, I am a shepherd. My thinking wears my writing. 
Words and worlds organize. Work is words. When I speak, things pour forth, 
uselessly. When I write a letter or email, I continue speaking. The style, 
content, is absurd, monstrous. No one keeps my email. I am constantly 
losing posts. There's no reason to keep them; they're incorrect. When I 
reply online to someone, it's the same thing, ridiculous. I lose track of 
my emotions, of what I'm saying. I appear stupid. Only when I am writing, 
like this, through the interior of what might have been my speech - only 
when I am writing _thus,_ am I satisfied. My words connect; the thought is 
often brilliant, almost always dense, compact, to the point. Speaking, I 
can't even defend myself. I am not the other of the signifier I need to be 
in order to be. If my speaking is becoming, my writing is ontology itself. 
When I speak, it's strategy, joking. People are surprised at my sense of 
humor. It's a carapace I wear with delight. It keeps me from death. Death 
seeps through my writing. Death inhabits my writing; my writing inhabits 
death. I do not draw a distinction; I write only within the written. When 
I speak, language disappears into melody. There is a difficulty with 
melody just as there is a difficulty with cleverness. Cleverness is a 
proper turn-away from truth towards communality. I speak with cleverness. 
It comes from the situation of speaking. I write from somewhere else. In 
my writing cleverness sounds a false note. It indicates I am off track, I 
have lost myself, I am suturing over the wound of ignorance and existence. 
There is no laughter in my writing. There is laughter in my letters and 
email. They are absurd as my laughter is absurd. They attempt to cover my 
inadequacy. My absurd joking deflects my graceless awkwardness. It goes 
nowhere, says nothing of any consequence, and says it poorly. I think my 
speaking and email will be the death of me. They draw attention way from 
my writing. They undermine it. They say it's not clever enough, intelli- 
gent enough. My writing does not respond. My writing sinks, and is writing 
about that sinking. My writing props up my world it undermines and 
describes. My talking ignores the whole problem. My talking is that litany 
of deflections. What I do not understand, I turn into something else. What 
I do understand becomes fodder; it never nourishes sufficiently. My talk- 
ing implies talking to another limit; there's no etiquette in this. There 
is no community in my writing; community cannot survive honesty. But my 
writing is full of subterfuge, is about that subterfuge. My talking 
carries itself everywhere in order to become pointless. My talking is 
pointless. My writing is chiseled into a simulacrum construct of the real. 
The real in my writing has everything at stake. It is at stake through and 
within the writing. My speaking ignores the real; what is at stake is my 
self and its alterity. My self is always in the midst-of, when I am speak- 
ing. My self is absent or boundary, bordering, when I am writing. I write 
beyond myself; I speak from myself. My speaking is monstrous, self-defeat- 
ing. My writing is after the fact. If my speaking is central, my writing 
is peripheral; if my writing is central, my speaking is peripheral. One 
must read my writing, read my writing with the utmost care. One must never 
listen when I am speaking.




My Lost Films


I made films from 1969-1993; most of them were carried by Canyon Cinema in 
San Francisco. The films are all mast prints; I didn't copy them, but 
showed the originals, since I wanted to use what little funds I had to 
produce more. They were shown periodically at Millennium in New York, and 
occasionally elsewhere, but they've never been part of the film community; 
as a result, they've hardly been shown. Canyon Cinema returned them after 
the board voted against handling masters, which could be damaged during a 
screening of course. They were then placed at the Filmmakers Coop here in 
NY, where they've remained on the shelf for fifteen years; I doubt anyone 
has rented or seen them. I don't know their condition at this point; many 
of the 16mm ones had mag stripe sound on them, which is susceptible to 
print-through. 

They were featured prominently in the 1992 Canyon Cinema catalog, just 
before Canyon changed its mind about handling them. (I should add that my 
videos have been available at times from places like Printed Matter or Art 
Metropole, but these can be duplicated.) I'm saddened that they remain 
unscreened - there are probably 15-24 hours worth. There are a large 
number of them; for a while, when I was teaching at UCLA, I made a film 
every week, mostly 16mm black and white sound, imitating the older silent 
film production strategies and rates. For me the films broke a lot of new 
ground - not least, in optical/magnetic soundtrack experimentation, but 
they're quiet, moot on that point.

So I recently found a copy of the 1992 catalog and xeroxed the six pages 
that describe my work. I am forced to think of the pages themselves as a 
new film, made from the silence of the old; they read as a narrative of 
concerns, experimentations, confusions, and theory-work changing over a 
twenty-year period (although to be fair, most were made between 1980 and 
1992). The image URLs are given below. Read the texts, imagine watching 
the films, and maybe in some absurd future, they'll come to life again.

http://www.asondheim.org/canyonfilm1.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/canyonfilm2.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/canyonfilm3.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/canyonfilm4.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/canyonfilm5.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/canyonfilm6.jpg
http://www.asondheim.org/canyonfilm7.jpg



lustatar

self-devouring avatar in sea of blood
nothing like death to get you in the mood
your coffin's soaked from salt-water wood
soaked in the misery of salt-water rain
falling like hail-gouged skin once again
the flesh scatters hard as going gets rough
down came the limbs from hard cradle's bough
whatever you think you might as well been
swallowed by water and damned to be seen
your clothes ripped to shreds by worm-water moth
your body's for fishes and fishes for both
http://www.asondheim.org/lustmord.mp4




face and body


experiment 1 and 2

performance with Sandy Baldwin: endtime closeup of female avatar face 
under duress and ecstasy

http://www.asondheim.org/closedup.mp4

edge phenomena with vertical rotation and avatar outside gamespace edge
in the distance

http://www.asondheim.org/edging.mp4


anitaberbersexdance +++

http://www.asondheim.org/snippet.mp4

a melodrama in one act
this is in the middle of the act
you might ask, is there any other?
there is the beginning and ending of the act.
every act is an engine and I am the driver.
you might ask, is there life after the act?
there is life before and after the act.
there is no life during the act.
every act is an index to an empty book.
and the three pluses +++?
the act is dead and the beginning is dead.
the ending is dead and this is melodrama.
this is melodrama in one act.


(Second Life east of Odyssey with Sandy Baldwin)





AB

Azure adopting Anita Berber poses in a crowded loftspace; stripped of all 
theatricality, the effect is mannequin-like; where is the charge of the 
audience? Azure adapting herself to Anita Berber poses; her eyes half- 
shut, thinking perhaps not of Weimar, but the heady congestion of the 
Brooklyn streets below her. Azure adept at Anita Berber, inhaling the life 
and times of the doomed mercurial dancer. Azure an adept, believing 
herself Anita Berber, walking the heady Brooklyn streets, looking for 
performance-fix, cure and cognac, despair. Azure, apt at Anita Berber, 
wearing AB-patent-skin, fixated on Anita Berber nightrance nakedance in 
dawndusk morning, mourning. Azure, addaft Anita Berber, highspeed 
shuddertremble, rayongown, scattered library, ashes, it happened, Weimar, 
sex. fury. train. http://www.asondheim.org/berberrr.mov short.





mailia

... .. running away from you
wartime history shes running
history over cause shes running
making excited yes shes running
over wartime shes running
excited .. running away from you
and 
.. running away from you
certainly and yes shes running
as 16, and shes never ever ever coming back
I 16, and shes never ever ever coming back
16, Maj running away from you
1:52 certainly shes running
am as cause shes running
September .. running away from you
Maj. 
I
Chaisson failed yes shes running
2005 Maj running away from you
with Act, and shes never ever ever coming back
failed the shes running
As Chaisson
Act, am
the 2005
Online Web yes shes running
Site access cause shes running
Predators Web yes shes running
Web access cause shes running
access in
in Act, and shes never ever ever coming back
sites 
Predators cause shes running
ban .. running away from you
dead 21, and shes never ever ever coming back
By ban
PEK .. running away from you
Star, sites cause shes running
21, 
as cause shes running
Taiwan and yes shes running
YEE, a shes running
May was cause shes running
was lunch
a that cause shes running
-- that cause shes running
2006. when
when YEE, and shes never ever ever coming back
lunch a shes running
that --
announced YU, and shes never ever ever coming back
ACT blokovi!, and shes never ever ever coming back
- act cause shes running
YU, .. running away from you
blokovi!, and yes shes running
act that cause shes running
project. now!! running away from you
experimental .. running away from you
now!!! as cause shes running
fanatic blokovi!, and shes never ever ever coming back
big 
blokovi!, and shes never ever ever coming back
do big
Information fanatic yes shes running
Manchester .. running away from you
on project running away from you
of One shes running
largest in
Site. UK running away from you
City largest cause shes running
One o running away from you
UK. right-of-way shes running
authorities largest cause shes running
right-of-way 
Site running away from you
public Taylor cause shes running
Taylor right-of-way shes running
and. 
the shes running
Street Street cause shes running
60 In
only is cause shes running
feet Street cause shes running
to o running away from you
In o running away from you
is and running away from you
accommodate 
only shes running
Clinic. to shes running
(Create/Edit). Select cause shes running
Azure Province* running away from you
Select Clinic running away from you
Landmark. .. running away from you
Province*. 
In
Street. Street running away from you
Saved Select cause shes running
Province, Landmark running away from you
) Street cause shes running
British A-B running away from you
To for cause shes running
Columbia A-B running away from you
A-B. for cause shes running
for Province, and shes never ever ever coming back
Azure, Azure, and shes never ever ever coming back
4b, Bainbridge shes running
dates Remington running away from you
Bainbridge Ct, and shes never ever ever coming back
Remington. .. running away from you
Ct, 4b, and shes never ever ever coming back
West 
dates cause shes running
A West cause shes running
Elm .. running away from you
NES. Nightmare shes running
Monsters Remington running away from you
Nightmare 
A
Dreams. Aaahh!! running away from you
B.O.B.. .. running away from you
Aaahh!!! to shes running
SNES. Dreams running away from you


